Lieutenant Colonel Sir William Thomas Charles Skyrme ( 20 March 1913 – 24 January 2002 ) was a British civil servant , army officer , and magistrate . They served as Secretary of Commissions in the Lord Chancellor 's Office for three decades .
Education and early life
Thomas Skyrme was born in Upper Norwood , London , to British and American parents . They were educated at Rugby School , New College , Oxford , and the Inner Temple .
Career
During the Second World War , Skyrme served in the Royal Artillery in the Middle East , North Africa , and Italy . They were wounded twice and was invalided out of the army with the rank of major in 1944 . After the war , they founded and commanded G Locating Battery of the Honourable Artillery Company .
In 1948 , they were put in charge of the magistracy as Secretary of Commissions in the Lord Chancellor 's Office . In this role , they pushed for compulsory training for magistrates , which was introduced in 1980 .
In 1970 , they founded the Commonwealth Magistrates ' Association , of which they were president from 1970 to 1979 , and life vice-president thereafter .
Personal life
They married Suzanne Lyle , daughter of Leonard Lyle , 1st Baron Lyle of Westbourne .
Books
Their published books include :
The Changing Image of the Magistracy ( 1979 )
History of the Justices of the Peace ( 1990 )
Other appointments & honours
Justice of the Peace ( 1948 )
Commander of the Order of the British Empre ( 1953 )
Companion of the Order of the Bath ( 1966 )
Freeman of the City of London ( 1970 )
Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( 1974 )
Chairman of the Magistrates ' Association ( 1979–81 )
Deputy Lieutenant of Gloucestershire ( 1983 )
Chairman of the Judicial Salaries Committee ( 1983–90 )
Chairman of the Broadcasting Complaints Commission ( UK ) ( 1985–7 )
Master of the Bench of the Inner Temple ( 1988 ) .
References
English non-fiction writers
British Army personnel of World War II
1913 births
2002 deaths
ModelSheet Software LLC is a venture-funded software company focused on business analytics and based in Arlington , Massachusetts .
History
ModelSheet was founded by two MIT graduates , Richard Petti and Howard Cannon who earlier worked together at Symbolics , and later in the division spun out as Macsyma . After the Macsyma episode in the 1980s and 1990s the pair took separate career paths ( Petti at The MathWorks , Cannon at Groton NeoChem and SciQuest ) , then rejoined to found ModelSheet in 2007 .
Strategy , products and services
ModelSheet Software was founded to put more desktop modeling power in the hands of business experts without requiring them to become programmers . The spreadsheet is the classic example of such an end-user development tool , but its cell-based paradigm has its limitations . ModelSheet technology attempts to address these limitations with two types of products : Custom Spreadsheet Solutions , and the ModelSheet Authoring Environment .
By filling in a simple form , a Custom Spreadsheet Solution yields a custom spreadsheet workbook , without users having to edit spreadsheets or cell formulas . Users can set three aspects of spreadsheet models : time series ( time range , time grains , and rollup grains ) , dimensions ( e.g . a list of products organized in product families ) and turning on or off model features .
ModelSheet offers Custom Spreadsheet Solutions for many common business tasks in corporate finance ( financial plans , cash flow analysis , cap tables , activity-based budgets , etc . ) , marketing and sales analysis ( sales plans , marketing program effectiveness , price elasticity , etc . ) and other areas . Users can download the Custom Spreadsheet Solutions as Excel workbooks , or upload them to an account on Google Docs .
The ModelSheet Authoring Environment provides all functionality needed to build spreadsheet models from scratch and edit existing models . It retains the visual flavor of spreadsheets , while adding in model structures such as named variables , symbolic formulas with varying scopes , time series , dimensions , and controls for optional features and automated operations . ModelSheet Authoring is the technical backend of Custom Spreadsheets . For intermediate cases ( where more flexibility is needed , but the customer does n't require frequent use of the Authoring Environment itself ) the company offers consulting services in which a ModelSheet engineer uses the Authoring Environment to create a spreadsheet to the customer 's specification .
Criticism
Testing a pre-beta version in 2008 , journalist Dennis Howlett of ZD Net concluded that ModelSheet was `` good in theory '' but `` needs more work . '' Howlett criticized several aspects : Windows-only platform support , bugs , poor usability , choice of fonts , and dull quick start guide . Although `` bemused '' by the product , Howlett did concede `` Modelsheet is at an early stage of development and I 'm sure [ it ] will improve over time . ''
See also
Macsyma ( for information on founders ' earlier work together there )
Microsoft Excel
Spreadsheet
End-user development
Business Analytics
Business Intelligence
Business Intelligence 2.0
Notes
References
http : //www.manta.com/c/mtbr350/modelsheet-software-llc
http : //venturebeatprofiles.com/company/profile/modelsheet-software
External links
Official web site
Software companies based in Massachusetts
American companies established in 2007
Software companies of the United States
Long Branch is a stream in Georgia , and is a tributary of the Chestatee River . The creek is approximately long .
Course
Long Branch rises in southeastern Lumpkin County , just south of the intersection of State Route 52 and State Route 115 , east of Dahlonega . The creek heads southwest in an almost completely straight line parallel to and immediately adjacent to State Route 115 , which is named Long Branch Road from its crossing with the Chestatee River to its terminus at U.S. Route 19 . Long Branch picks up two unnamed branches from the east on its way to the Chestatee , and joins the river at the intersection of U.S. Route 19/State Route 60/State Route 115 south of Dahlonega , where US 19/SR 60 curve to the west to head to Dahlonega , and SR 155/Long Branch Road heads northeast .
Sub-watershed details
The creek watershed and associated waters is designated by the United States Geological Survey as sub-watershed HUC 031300010604 , is named the Long Branch-Chestatee River sub-watershed , and drains an area of approximately 15 square miles southeast and south of Dahlonega . The sub-watershed has an unusual shape in the form of the capital letter U , with the right arm of the U being formed by Long Branch , and the left arm being formed by the Chestatee River south of its confluence with Yahoola Creek . The Chestatee also receives the waters of Cane Creek , Ralston Branch , Town Creek ( not to be confused with Town Creek , the much longer tributary to the Chestatee River ) , and Bells Branch , along with 6 unnamed branches , before it departs the sub-watershed at its confluence with Long Creek .
See also
Water Resource Region
South Atlantic-Gulf Water Resource Region
Apalachicola basin
References
Long Branch ( Chestatee River )
Rivers of Lumpkin County , Georgia
Ask Ontario ( askON ) is a realtime chat and SMS-based research information service that connects students of Ontario , Canada to staff at college libraries across the province , for instant-messaging and SMS-based reference help online . askON 's mandate is to help visitors find better information than they can on their own , and to raise the profile of Ontario 's libraries as providers of services and tools , responsive to the needs of an increasingly digitally literate society .
It was launched on January 31 , 2008 as one of five projects of Knowledge Ontario , to leverage the collective resources of Ontario 's publicly funded libraries in different sectors , and to foster information and digital literacy by helping Ontarians to find authoritative digital information and improve their online research skills . askON became an opt-in service of Ontario Colleges Library Service ( OCLS ) in June 2012 .
Using licensed , secure chat software , askON staff provide research guidance and help to users navigating the Internet , their library 's services , and other online resources . askON is a collaborative effort with college libraries , each of which has offered up some of their staff time to make the service possible . The various libraries ' staff work in shifts to provide over 60 hours a week to post-secondary students . The service also engages library and information science students as volunteer interns who assist on the service in exchange for the training and professional development opportunity .
, 12 libraries are participating in the service .
References
External links
Libraries in Ontario
The South Coast Air Basin—SCAB ( or SoCAB ) is one of several regional air basin areas designated by the state of California , for the purpose of air quality management and air pollution control in Southern California . The SCAB district was created in 1969. and includes all of Orange County and
the non-desert regions of Los Angeles County , Riverside County , and San Bernardino County .
The region covers approximately 17100 km2 and includes much of the Greater Los Angeles Area , which is home to approximately 18 million people .
South Coast Air Quality Management District—AQMD
Initially , the SCAB had four air-quality management agencies , one for each of the four counties . In 1977 , the legislature merged these four agencies into the South Coast Air Quality Management District—South Coast AQMD .
The SCAB is the smoggiest region of the U.S. , and the South Coast AQMD provides hourly reports throughout the district . The South Coast AQMD has jurisdiction over stationary sources of pollution , while the California Air Resources Board has jurisdiction for mobile sources of pollution , including automobiles and trucks .
Since 2011 the South Coast AQMD also manages portions of two other desert air basins : the Salton Sea Air Basin in Riverside County , and the Mojave Desert Air Basin in Los Angeles , Kern , and San Bernardino Counties .
South Coast AQMD governing board
The governing board has thirteen members selected by a combination of city , county , and state agencies .
`` The South Coast Air Quality Management District is the regional government agency responsible for air pollution control . AQMD regulations must be approved by the state Air Resources Board and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . ''
See also
Air pollution in California
California Air Resources Board
South Coast Air Basin
Inland Empire
Los Angeles Basin
Pomona Valley
San Bernardino Valley
San Fernando Valley
San Gabriel Valley
South Coast ( California )
References
Bibliography
Aerial photos and maps
External links
Official South Coast Air Quality Management District—SCAQMD website
Air pollution in California
Southern California
Geography of Los Angeles County , California
Geography of Orange County , California
Geography of Riverside County , California
Geography of San Bernardino County , California
Environment of California
Inland Empire
Special districts of California
Ida Alison Browne ( 1900–1976 ) was an Australian geologist , petrologist and palaeontologist at the University of Sydney .
Early life and education
Ida Alison Brown was born 16 August 1900 in Paddington , Sydney , New South Wales . They were educated at Fort Street Girls ' High School , and went on to study their B.Sc . at the University of Sydney . They graduated in 1922 with first class Honours and the University medal in geology and mineralogy and second class Honours in mathematics , having also won Professor David 's prize for geology and mineralogy and the Deas Thomson scholarship for mineralogy .
Career
Giving up the scholarship in 1922 at the request of Professor Edgeworth David , they worked as a demonstrator in geology and petrology at the University until 1927 , and researched the minerals of Broken Hill and geology of the south coast of New South Wales . After being awarded a Linnean-Macleay Fellowship in geology from 1927-1932 they further worked on the geology of this region , undertook extensive mapping , travelled overseas visiting research institutes and attending scientific congresses .
Brown took their D.Sc . in 1932 with their thesis “ The Geology of the South Coast of New South Wales , with special reference to the Origin and Relationships of the Igneous Rocks ” , the second woman to do so at the University of Sydney . At this time , women were forbidden from working underground , making employment difficult to find . They returned to the university , working again as a demonstrator until 1934 . While working as a demonstrator they were appointed a Delegate of the Commonwealth Government and Australian National Research Council to attend the Fourth Pacific Science Congress in Canada . Following the illness of W.S . Dun in 1934 , they became Assistant Lecturer in palaeontology . They spent considerable time developing their knowledge of palaeontology to the exclusion of other geological research as well as carrying a full teaching load , teaching notable Australian geologists Beryl Nashar and Joan Crockford-Beattie . Brown was promoted to full lecturer in 1940 , and in 1941 published a paper on the fossiliferous Silurian and Devonian sequences of the Yass district with Germaine Joplin . They attempted to work with colleague , Dorothy Hill from the University of Queensland to publish internationally , but mainly focused on Australian publications and their teaching responsibilities . Moving from hard rock to soft rock studies , Brown 's research evolved into the study of Palaeozoic invertebrates , specifically brachiopods , as well as stratigraphical studies . They became a Senior Lecturer in 1945 , but like many women , Ida Brown resigned from teaching in 1950 with their marriage to fellow geologist and colleague , William Rowan Browne .
Later life
William and Ida Browne worked from their home residence , undertaking fieldwork when required up until 1965 . They published ten papers after their marriage to Browne . They assisted them on their field trips to Kosciusko and they assisted them on field trips to Yass and other regions of New South Wales . They were a member of the Royal Society of New South Wales and Linnean Society of New South Wales , and was the first woman president of the Linnean Society in 1945 . They were the first woman to give an address at a meeting the Royal Society of New South Wales in July 1934 , Vice President of the Royal Society of New South Wales from 1942–1950 , Honorary Editorial Secretary from 1950–1953 and first woman President in 1953 . They were a member of the Australian National Research Council , ANZAAS and Geological Society of Australia . They also supported the creation of the William Rowan Browne medal to honour their husband 's legacy .
Browne suffered from a paralysing illness from 1970 and died 21 October 1976 in Edgecliff , New South Wales . Them husband had predeceased them the previous year .
Legacy
Ida Browne dedicated their life to teaching and providing adequate resources for the geologists and palaeontologists of the future . They generously donated books to build the geological libraries at the University of Wollongong and the Australian Museum , taught and mentored young women and promoted palaeontology . They excelled in the field and undertook basic geological mapping prior to World War II when very Australian geology was poorly understood . Them detailed mapping and stratigraphy work made a substantive contribution to Australian geology , and their map of Taemas is still in use .
References
1900 births
1976 deaths
People from Sydney
Australian women geologists
University of Sydney alumni
University of Sydney faculty
20th-century Australian women
San Nicolò al Lido refers to both the San Nicolò Church ( Italian : Chiesa / Parrocchia di San Nicolò - San Nicoletto ) and most importantly to its annexed Monastery of San Nicolò ( Italian : Abbazia di San Nicolò ) located in Venice , northern Italy . It is located in the northern part of the Lido di Venezia and houses the relics of Saint Nicholas , patron of sailors ( shared with Bari ) . From this church , the traditional thanksgiving Mass of the Sposalizio del Mare ( `` Marriage of the Sea '' ) is celebrated . The complex houses monks of the Franciscan order .
History
The convent and the church date to the origins of Venice in the early Middle Ages , founded , according to a legend , by the Zancaruol family . The site stood at a strategic point for the nascent Venetian power : at the main access to the sea . From here , in 996 and 998 , sailed off the first Venetian expeditions against the Narentine pirates . On 9 May 1000 , the fleet led by Doge Pietro Orseolo II took off for the campaign that led to the submission of Dalmatia . This event is still remembered in the Marriage of the Sea ceremony . In this church , Doge Domenico Selvo was elected and crowned in 1071 , since St Mark 's Basilica was under reconstruction . In 1099 , the Venetian participation in the First Crusade departed from this port , led by the Bishop of Olivolo and Giovanni , son of the doge Vital I Michiel . In 1100 , the relics of the body of St. Nicholas were putatively stolen from Myra of Lycia , and interred in this church . However , a few years earlier , in 1089 , the remains of the saint had been entombed in Bari by Pope Urban II in person . Nicholas was proclaimed protector of the Venetian fleet . In 1202 , the forces of the Fourth Crusade left from here . In 1245 Salinguerra II of Torelli was buried here ; they were a Ghibelline nobleman who held the city of Ferrara for many years , and who disputed the primacy of the Este family . In 1623 the relics of St. Nicholas were transferred from the church to the monastery to accommodate the construction of the new building , before being placed back below the altar . The Monastery was founded in the 11th century and transformed into a Renaissance cloister in the 16th century . After the suppression of the Benedictine order in 1770 , the monastery was re-opened by Franciscan monks for educational purposes .
Architecture
The church , with a single nave , is annexed to a monastery ( convent ) and a great cloister , all dating to the 16th century . The Baroque campanile was erected in 1626–1629 . The façade is surmounted by the tomb of Doge Domenico Contarini , who patronized the convent . The interior houses works are by Palma il Vecchio ( Madonna with Child ) and Palma il Giovane ( San Giovannino ) . The three bells in G major date back to the 16th century .
In art
Italian painter Francesco Guardi ( October 5 , 1712 – January 1 , 1793 ) , member of the classic Venetian School of Painting , is one of the most pivotal figures regarding the visual documentation of San Nicolò through their numerous works . Their painting style , known as pittura di tocco ( of touch ) due to its small dotting and spirited brush-strokes , was later highly prized by the French Impressionists .
Fortress of San Niccolò
As of January 2019 , the Fortress of San Niccolo ( Fortress of the Islands of the Lagoon ) is a non-visitable military zone . It was :
Built by the city of Venice in 1591 , refurbished by the French in 1806 , modified by the Austrians in 1831 and integrated into a `` ridotto '' in 1856 .
Armed during the First World War .
The relics of Nicholas
The possession of the relics of St. Nicholas has long been disputed between Venice and Bari . In recent times some scientific inspections of the bones have been held , in Bari in 1953 ( the first ever made ) and in Venice ( 1992 ) . Analyses found that the relics , divided between the two cities , belong to the same person : Bari has the larger bone fragments , while Venice has the smaller fragments , forgotten by Bari 's sailor-men . The presence of the relics in Venice is little known , so the church is not a place of pilgrimage like Bari , especially for Russian Orthodox .
Film and television
San Nicolò plays a pivotal place as a filming location as it hosted the production of the 1971 Italian-French drama film Death in Venice ( original Italian title : Morte a Venezia ) directed by Luchino Visconti and starring Dirk Bogarde and Björn Andrésen , based on the eponymous novella by German author Thomas Mann . With regards to the James Bond film series , San Nicolò has welcomed the crew of Martin Campbell 's Casino Royale ( 2006 ) starring Daniel Craig and Eva Green but also was used as the Italian headquarters of MI6 in Lewis Gilbert 's Moonraker ( 1979 ) starring Roger Moore for which production began on 14 August 1978 . It was adapted from Ian Fleming 's eponymous novel ( 1954 ) . However , the 'Venetian glass museum ' and 'fight between Bond and Chang ' ( Drax 's original bodyguard played by Toshiro Suga ) was shot at Boulogne Studios in a building which had once been a World War II Luftwaffe aircraft factory during Germany 's occupation of France . The scene in the Venice glass museum and warehouse holds the record for the largest amount of break-away sugar glass used in a single scene .
Jewish Cemetery
The Old Jewish Cemetery ( Italian : Il vecchio cimitero ebraico ) is located a few meters away from San Nicolò . The first graves of this cemetery trace back to 1386 at a time when the Jews of Venice were not yet obliged to live in the ghetto created in 1516 . The cemetery was used until the years 1640-1650 and it was abandoned because of the extension of the fortifications of San Nicolo made necessary by the Turkish threat .
Venice-Lido Airport
Venice-Lido Airport ( Italian : Aeroporto di Venezia-Lido , ICAO : LIPV ) is an aerodrome located right by the Monastery . It is also known as Giovanni Nicelli Airport and was formerly known as Venice-San Nicolò Airport .
Bibliography
Horatio Brown , chapter 'San Nicolo del Lido ' in Life on the Lagoons ( 1884 and later editions )
References
16th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1629
Roman Catholic churches in Venice
1629 establishments in Italy
Saint Nicholas
Carenum floridum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by Sloane in 1917 .
References
floridum
Beetles described in 1917
Duttaphrynus , named after Sushil Kumar Dutta , is a genus of true toads endemic to southwestern and southern China ( including Hainan ) , Taiwan and throughout southern Asia from northern Pakistan and Nepal through India and Bangladesh to Sri Lanka , Andaman Island , Sumatra , Java , Borneo and Bali .
Description
These toads are characterized by heads with prominent , bony ridges , such as a canthal , a preorbital , a supraorbital , a postorbital ridge and a short orbitotympanic ridge . The snout is short and blunt ; the interorbital space is broader than the upper eyelid ; the tympanum is very small , not half the diameter of eye , and generally indistinct . The first finger of these toads extends beyond the second ; the toes are half webbed with single subarticular tubercles , two moderate metatarsal tubercles , and no tarsal fold . The tarsometatarsal articulation reaches the eye , or between the eye and the tip of the snout . The upper surface features are irregular and distinctly porous warts with prominent parotoids . These are elliptical and two , or two and a half , times as long as they are broad . The toads are brown above and yellow beneath , marbled with brown . Males have a subgular vocal sac and are typically 3 in long .
This genus was previously assigned to the Bufo melanostictus group . Frost et al . suggested that species of the genus Duttaphrynus are only distantly related to other Asiatic bufonids and consequently moved these species to a separate genus in 2006 .
Species
References
External links
. 2007 . Amphibian Species of the World : an Online Reference . Version 5.1 ( 10 October 2007 ) . Duttaphrynus . Electronic Database accessible at https : //web.archive.org/web/20071024033938/http : //research.amnh.org/herpetology/amphibia/index.php . American Museum of Natural History , New York , USA . ( Accessed : May 2 , 2008 ) .
Amphibians of Asia
Amphibian genera
The das Velhas River ( ) , is by length the major tributary of the basin of the São Francisco river . Its water flows into that river at a place called Barra do Guaicuí , in the municipality of Várzea da Palma , Minas Gerais . The source was found to be the Andorinhas waterfall located in the municipality of Ouro Preto .
Origin of the name
According to writer Aníbal Machado , this river is known to the amerindians as Uaimií and by the bandeirantes as Guaicuí , from which the name Barra do Guaicuí for the place where the Das Velhas empties into the São Francisco River . In Tupi `` gwaimi '' means `` old '' whereas in Uaimii the final `` i '' means `` river '' . `` Rio das Velhas '' means `` River of the old women '' .
Historic importance
The das Velhas river has been of great importance in the development of the central region of Minas Gerais , because it is one of the main roads by which the gold cycle evolved . From its source , the das Velhas River passes through other historical cities in the region , among which Sabará , Santa Luzia , Belo Horizonte etc .
Recent academic research indicates that the das Velhas river could have been the original path to the discovery of gold in Minas Gerais . By this theory , the explorers from the northeast walked along the banks of the São Francisco river and went on along the Das Velhas River . It is a more natural passage but much longer than the road from Rio de Janeiro or São Paulo . Passing through the central region of Minas Gerais , the explorers discovered gold and precious stones . Once found , knowing the approximate places , they swiftly went through the rough terrain of the mountains by a much shorter but much more difficult and dangerous route . The dispute over the existing mines led to the War of the Emboabas , at the end of which the Minas Gerais region became a captaincy administered directly by the Portuguese crown .
Present situation
In the metropolitan region of Belo Horizonte , the Das Velhas river suffered a series of setbacks . A sizable part of the water volume is captured by the Water Treatment Station Agua de Bela Fama . Behind the station the river receives a great quantity of sewage from the Arrudas and Onça streams , both crossing the city of Belo Horizonte . The result is that the das Velhas River in its best known stretch is a river with yellow water ( mostly caused by the iron present in the region 's soil ) , extremely polluted and acid . There is practically no life in the water of the river along that stretch .
Because of the historic and environmental importance the Manuelzão project was initiated in 1997 by the Medical Faculty of the University of Minas Gerais , with the goal of finding a way to bring back life in the basin of the Das Velhas . The project initialised a series of goals to sensibilise the public opinion , which will result through the embellishment of public , municipal and state policies . In particular rigorous controls of pollution emitters are important . The project has the ambitious goal of having the Das Velhas river revitalised by the year 2010 .
The Serra do Gandarela National Park was created in 2014 in an effort to protect the water supplying the river , and thus the Belo Horizonte water supply .
References
Portuguese Wikipedia : Rio das Velhas , translation
Detailed Basin map ( in Portuguese )
Rivers of Minas Gerais
Josh Petersdorf is an American voice actor , known for voicing Roadhog in Overwatch and Director Ton in the English dub of Aggretsuko .
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
American male video game actors
American male voice actors
21st-century American male actors
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Smârdan is a commune in Tulcea County , Northern Dobruja , Romania . It is composed of a single village , Smârdan . It is situated on the right bank of the Danube , opposite the city of Brăila .
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Charles Frederic Goss ( June 14 , 1852 - May 7 , 1930 ) was an American clergyman and author . Their 1900 novel The Redemption of David Corson was a best selling book of that year . They also edited and partly authored a series of volumes on the history of Cincinnati .
Goss was born in Meridian , New York on June 14 , 1852 . They graduated from Hamilton College in New York in 1873 ( he also later received a Doctor of Divinity degree from there in 1898 ) , and from the Auburn Theological Seminary in 1876 . They also married Rosa E. Houghton in 1876 and was ordained as a Presbyterian minister . After serving in churches in Texas , New York , Pennsylvania , and Chicago ( at Moody Church ) , they became pastor of Avondale Presbyterian Church in Cincinnati in 1894 . Popular columns that Goss wrote for the Cincinnati Commercial Tribune as The Optimist were published as a book of the same name in 1897 , and their writing career grew from there .
In January 1906 , a play based on Corson written by Charlotte Blair Parker debuted on Broadway , and ran for 16 performances . In 1914 , the book was made into a silent film .
A 2012 episode of the HBO television drama Boardwalk Empire featured a character reading The Redemption of David Corson .
References
External links
1852 births
1930 deaths
American Presbyterian ministers
People from Cayuga County , New York
Writers from Cincinnati
Hamilton College ( New York ) alumni
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Auburn Theological Seminary alumni
CSTC may mean :
Calcutta State Transport Corporation
Confédération Syndicale des Travailleurs de Centrafrique
Confédération Syndicale des Travailleurs du Congo
Cortico-striato-thalamocortical circuit , also known as cortico-basal ganglia-thalamo-cortical loop , a type of neural circuit in the brain
Combined Security Transition Command – Afghanistan
Changezin ( , also Romanized as Changezīn and Chāngazīn ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 89 , in 22 families .
References
Populated places in Arak County
The 2015 İstanbul Cup ( also known as the TEB BNP Paribas İstanbul Cup for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts . It was the 8th edition of the İstanbul Cup , and part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2015 WTA Tour . It took place in İstanbul , Turkey , from July 20 through July 27 , 2015 .
Points and prize money
Prize money
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of July 13 , 2015 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Çağla Büyükakçay
Alizé Cornet
İpek Soylu
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Kateryna Bondarenko
Margarita Gasparyan
Jeļena Ostapenko
Alexandra Panova
Olga Savchuk
Anna Tatishvili
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Belinda Bencic → replaced by Yaroslava Shvedova
Alexandra Dulgheru → replaced by Yanina Wickmayer
Kristina Mladenovic → replaced by Kirsten Flipkens
Monica Niculescu → replaced by Elizaveta Kulichkova
Flavia Pennetta → replaced by Vitalia Diatchenko
Retirements
Anna Tatishvili
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of July 6 , 2015 .
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doublesmain draw :
Ayla Aksu / Melis Sezer
Anett Kontaveit / Elizaveta Kulichkova
The following pair received entry as alternates :
Daria Gavrilova / Elina Svitolina
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Anna Tatishvili
Champions
Singles
Lesia Tsurenko def . Urszula Radwańska , 7–5 , 6–1
Doubles
Daria Gavrilova / Elina Svitolina def . Çağla Büyükakçay / Jelena Janković , 5–7 , 6–1 , [ 10–4 ]
References
External links
Official website
2015 in Istanbul
Istanbul Cup
Istanbul Cup
İstanbul Cup
İstanbul Cup
The following lists events that happened during 1898 in Afghanistan .
The state of Afghanistan is peaceful and quiet throughout the year , with few exceptions . The amir suffers much inconvenience and loss through the frontier disturbances , and to steer a middle course between the fanatical forces about them and their foreign obligations is difficult . They are accused of harbouring Afridi refugees , but since they are fugitive Muslims , the amir by their religion is bound not to repel them when seeking refuge without prearrangement . The amir is not implicated in supplying arms and ammunition to the tribesmen . Across the Indian border , the First Mohmand Campaign in the North-West Frontier Province finishes in January 1898 .
Incumbents
Monarch – Abdur Rahman Khan
Events
April 1898
The amir appoints Mir Atta Khan of Herat to succeed the late Sipah Salar Gholam Haidar Khan Orakzai .
May 1898
It is announced that the Afridis are again sending jirgas to interview Abdor Rahman at Kabul . These deputations , which are composed of Zakka khels , are turned back by the governor of Jalalabad , no doubt by orders from the amir . Sir James Westland , when speaking at Simla in June , warmly eulogizes the conduct of the amir , and says that the tribesmen should now see that although the Indian government made an agreement with the amir , that agreement was not intended to interfere in any way with their independence .
December 1898
A message from the amir is received by the Indian government in which they say , speaking of the raid by Waziris into Afghan territory , that they expect the British will check such raids , just as the Indian government expects the Afghan officials to prevent attacks similar to that made in August on a party of coolies in the Tochi Valley .
See also
History of Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Years of the 19th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
The spectacled parrotbill ( Sinosuthora conspicillata ) is a species of parrotbill bird in the family Paradoxornithidae . It is endemic to central China . Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
Robson , C. ( 2007 ) . Family Paradoxornithidae ( Parrotbills ) pp . 292–321 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
spectacled parrotbill
Birds of Central China
Endemic birds of China
spectacled parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chi Chern ( , birth name Zhōu Míngtiān , 周明添 ) ( born in 1955 ) was the first appointed Dharma heir of renowned Chan Master Sheng-yen . They are also one of the most respected meditation teachers in Malaysia and Singapore . Born in Malaysia and ordained as a monk by Master Chuk Mor ( ) in Penang , they later went to Taiwan to study at Fo Guang Shan Institute of Chinese Buddhism .
In 1980 , they participated in four-weeks-retreats led by Sheng-yen . It was during this retreat that they had their deep spiritual experience . After their experience was confirmed by Sheng-yen , they went back to Malaysia and started to teach Buddhism . Five years later , they returned to Taiwan and received dharma transmission from Sheng-yen . Their Dharma name is 'Chuan Xian Jian Mi ( `` transmitting the exoteric , seeing the esoteric '' ) .
Chi Chern Fa Shi currently resides in Malaysia and is the principal of the Malaysian Buddhist Institute .
See also
Sheng-yen
Dharma Drum Mountain
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110718113446/http : //www.worldchinesewriters.com/my/index2.php ? option=com_content & task=view & id=86 & pop=1 & page=0
http : //www.ccmati.com
Chan Buddhist monks
Dharma Drum Mountain
Living people
1955 births
Malaysian Buddhist monks
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Eduard Nunatak , Oscar II Coast
Egerika Range , Danco Coast
Elemag Reef , Livingston Island
Elena Peak , Livingston Island
Elhovo Gap , Livingston Island
Elin Pelin Point , Smith Island
Eliseyna Cove , Livingston Island
Elovdol Glacier , Oscar II Coast
Elysian Beach , Snow Island
Emen Island , Anvers Island
Emona Anchorage , Livingston Island
Enitsa Peak , Sentinel Range
Enravota Glacier , Nordenskjöld Coast
Enrique Hill , Livingston Island
Erden Glacier , Oscar II Coast
Eremiya Hill , Trinity Peninsula
Ereta Peak , Bastien Range
Erma Knoll , Livingston Island
Erovete Peak , Loubet Coast
Erul Heights , Trinity Peninsula
Eridanus Stream , Livingston Island
Esperanto Island , Zed Islands
Etar Snowfield , Livingston Island
Etropole Peak , Livingston Island
Eurydice Peninsula , Danco Coast
Evlogi Peak , Smith Island
Eyer Peak , Sentinel Range
Ezdimir Buttress , Davis Coast
Ezerets Knoll , Graham Coast
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica . Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia , 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart . Antarctica : An Encyclopedia . Jefferson , N.C. and London : McFarland , 2011 . 1771 pp .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian Names in Antarctica . Sofia : Manfred Wörner Foundation , 2021 . Second edition . 539 pp . ( in Bulgarian )
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Miguel Gutiérrez Hernández ( born 28 September 1963 ) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party . From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Guanajuato .
References
1963 births
Living people
People from León , Guanajuato
Politicians from Guanajuato
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico )
National Action Party ( Mexico ) politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico ) for Guanajuato
Opisthotropis hungtai , Hung-Ta Chang 's mountain keelback , is a species of natricine snake found in China .
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 2020
Reptiles of China
Körslaget 2008 was the first season of the Swedish TV entertainment program Körslaget , based on Clash of the Choirs and broadcast on TV4 . The first season was shown in spring 2008 and consisted of eight sections , and from the second section , a choir was voted out in each section . The show premiered 29 March and the finale aired 10 May , which was won by Team Cans .
The show 's host for the first season was Gry Forssell . Seven artists were commissioned to gather seven singers for their choirs from their respective home towns and compete with them against the other performers ' choirs . No one was eliminated during the first episode . Instead , the votes for that episode were included in episode 2 . Team Linda and Team Markoolio got the fewest votes . Eliminations started on the second episode . The first choir to be eliminated was Team Siw , led by Siw Malmkvist . Thereafter , the eliminations were ( in order ) : Team Agnes , led by Agnes Carlsson , Team Markoolio , led by Markoolio , Team Linda , led by Linda Bengtzing and Team Lotta , led by Lotta Engberg . The winners were Team Cans , led by Joacim Cans and Team Brolle , led by Brolle were the runners-up .
Contestants
Joacim Cans With a choir from Mora - Winner
Brolle With a choir from Boden - Eliminated 10 May
Lotta Engberg With a choir from Laxå - Eliminated 3 May
Linda Bengtzing With a choir from Gullspång - Eliminated 26 April
Markoolio With a choir from Orminge - Eliminated 19 April
Agnes Carlsson With a choir from Vänersborg - Eliminated 12 April
Siw Malmkvist With a choir from Landskrona - Eliminated 5 April
Episode 1
Team Linda - Like a Prayer ( Madonna )
Team Siw - Bra Vibrationer ( Kikki Danielsson )
Team Brolle - If I Could Turn Back Time ( Cher )
Team Agnes - Big Girl ( You Are Beautiful ) ( Mika )
Team Cans - You Give Love a Bad Name ( Bon Jovi )
Team Lotta - Let 's Twist Again ( Chubby Checker )
Team Markoolio - Rock Your Body ( Justin Timberlake )
Fewest votes
Team Linda
Team Markoolio
Episode 2
Team Cans - We Will Rock You ( Queen )
Team Lotta - Hooked on a Feeling ( Björn Skifs )
Team Markoolio - Pride ( In The Name Of Love ) ( U2 )
Team Linda - You 're the Voice ( John Farnham )
Team Siw - Money , Money , Money , ( ABBA )
Team Brolle - Suspicious Minds ( Elvis Presley )
Team Agnes - I Am Outta Love ( Anastacia )
Fewest Votes
Team Siw
Team Linda
Episode 3
Team Agnes - It 's Raining Men ( The Weather Girls )
Team Cans - Love In An Elevator ( Aerosmith )
Team Linda - Vi är på gång ( Tomas Ledin )
Team Markoolio - I Want You Back ( Jackson 5 )
Team Lotta - The Lion Sleeps Tonight ( The Tokens )
Team Brolle - It 's My Life ( Bon Jovi )
Fewst Votes
Team Agnes
Team Markoolio
Episode 4
Team Markoolio - Värsta Schlagern ( Linda Bengtzning och Markoolio )
Team Brolle - Watching The Stars ( Brolle )
Team Linda - Hur svårt kan det va ( Linda Bengtzning )
Team Lotta - La Det Swinge ( Bobbysocks )
Team Cans - Hearts On Fire ( Hammerfall )
Fewest votes
Team Markoolio
Team Linda
Episode 5
Round 1
Team Lotta - Grease Lightning ( Grease )
Team Cans - You Shook Me All Night Long ( AC/DC )
Team Linda - Satellit ( Ted Gärdestad )
Team Brolle - I Would Do Anything For Love ( Meat Loaf )
Round 2
Team Lotta - Do n't Worry Be Happy ( Bobby McFerrin )
Team Brolle - Ring Of Fire ( Johnny Cash )
Team Linda - Goodnight Sweetheart Goodnight ( The McGuire Sisters )
Team Cans - O Fortuna ( Carmina Burana )
Minst röster
Team Linda
Team Lotta
Episode 6
Round 1
Team Cans - Pour Some Sugar On Me ( Def Leppard )
Team Lotta - Thriller ( Michael Jackson )
Team Brolle - Burning Love ( Elvis Presley )
Round 2
Team Cans - Livin La Vida Loca ( Ricky Martin )
Team Brolle - Eloise ( Arvingarna )
Team Lotta - Run To The Hills ( Iron Maiden )
Fewest Votes
Team Lotta
Team Cans
Program 7 ( Final )
Round 1 ( Own choice )
Team Brolle - Think ( Aretha Franklin )
Team Cans - Bohemian Rhapsody ( Queen )
Round 2 ( Viewers choice )
Team Brolle - Suspicious Minds ( Elvis Presley )
Team Cans - O Fortuna ( Carmina Burana )
Round 3 ( Shared Song )
Team Brolle - Livin on a prayer ( Bon Jovi )
Team Cans - Livin on a prayer ( Bon Jovi )
Winner :
Team Cans
Elimination chart
TV4 ( Sweden ) original programming
2008 Swedish television seasons
Overbrook is an unincorporated community and former village in Sussex County , Delaware , United States .
Geography
Overbrook radiates from the intersection of Delaware Route 1 and Cave Neck Road between Lewes and Milton . in the Broadkill A Hundred .
History
Nineteenth century
Burton 's Chapel A.M.E Church was built on the `` road to the oyster rocks of the Broadkill River '' in 1870 .
Overbrook was a post village on the Queen Anne 's Railroad , which was said to be famous for its excursions in the 1890s . Overbrook 's post office opened September 10 , 1899 , with George L. Short serving as Overbrook 's first ( and only ) postmaster .
In April 1899 , a train near Overbrook collided with a small herd of cattle , killing the animals .
Overbrook 's population was 25 in 1900 .
Twentieth century
Overbrook was the site of a branch of the fraternal order of Junior Mechanics , an anti-Catholic organization . The Overbrook order was founded on April 9 , 1901 , and at it founding , the group had 29 members .
Overbrook 's post office closed on September 15 , 1914 , but the rail station continued to operate for another decade . The Queen Anne 's Rail line was discontinued and the station closed in 1924 .
In 1921 , Overbrook was the site of a selenosis epidemic in area cattle . The outbreak , at that time called `` Blind Staggers '' , was noted in state newspapers . That same year , the Wilmington Journal noted the fire at the A.L . Hill general store in Overbrook .
In the 1930s , Overbrook was noted for its ardent fox-hunters . These fox hunters were reportedly on foot or in vehicles , and in that era , the Overbrook fox hunts were particularly loud and long .
Twenty-first century
In 2016 , Sussex County officials rejected a plan to rezone 114 acres of rural farmland in the Overbrook area ; the development would have been called Overbrook Town Center . This decision was upheld by officials in 2021 , after a public vote in 2018 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Sussex County , Delaware
Unincorporated communities in Delaware
The first USS Magnet ( SP-563 ) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission from 1917 to 1919 .
Magnet was built as a private motor yacht of the same name by the Electric Launch Company at Bayonne , New Jersey , in 1910 . On 11 June 1917 , the U.S. Navy acquired them from their owner , H. F. Lippett , for use as a section patrol craft during World War I . They were commissioned as USS Magnet ( SP-563 ) on 27 June 1917 .
Magnet served on patrol duties for the rest of World War I . They were ordered sold on 1 October 1919 and was sold in 1920 .
Notes
References
SP-563 Magnet at Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images : U.S. Navy Ships -- Listed by Hull Number `` SP '' # s and `` ID '' # s -- World War I Era Patrol Vessels and other Acquired Ships and Craft numbered from SP-500 through SP-599
NavSource Online : Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive : Magnet ( SP 563 )
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Bayonne , New Jersey
1910 ships
Individual yachts
Brendetoppane is a series of mountain peaks in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen , Svalbard . They are named after Karl Alfred Brende . The peaks are situated on a ridge between the glacier of Svalisbreen and Skilfonna . The ridge extends from the mountain pass of Svanhildpasset to Evapasset , and is partly covered by ice .
References
Mountains of Spitsbergen
Cumwhinton railway station was a railway station serving the village of Cumwhinton in Cumbria , England . The station was located on the Settle and Carlisle Line and was closed in 1956 . The station is still intact , including platforms , and the station buildings are now grade II listed structures .
History
The station was designed by John Holloway Sanders , who designed many of the other stations on the Settle–Carlisle line . It was listed as being a small ( or minor ) station in the original Midland Railway plans . It was opened with the rest of the on the initial opening of the line in May 1876 and had its station buildings on the down line ( towards ) . The station is south east of Carlisle and north of railway station in London , via and . The station was afforded a three-road goods shed on the downside and a signal box just north of the station which closed in 1957 .
The main station building is made of red sandstone with a slate roof , is privately owned & occupied and is now a grade II listed structure . Additionally , the Midland Railway provided four railway cottages for workers besides the traditional stationmaster 's house .
There have been petitions and public appeals to re-open the station to passenger traffic .
Stationmasters
The first station master John Lambert was arrested in 1877 on a charge of conspiring with Edwin Westerman , superintendent of the permanent way , Thomas Errick , inspector of the permanent way , and George Mason Tickle , brick manufacturer , in the theft of 4,000 bricks , the property of the Midland Railway Company . The case was heard at the Manchester Assizes before Mr. Justice Lush . John Lambert was allowed by the Midland Railway to combine their position as stationmaster at Cumwhinton with that of coal merchant . The charge against them was that instead of sending their coal by the money-earning trains of the company , they sent them by the ballast train , which earned the railway company no revenue . The jury found that the station master , who had been guilty of irregularities , had not they thought committed a punishable offence and they were discharged .
John Lambert 1876 - 1877 ( taken into custody 3/10/77 )
William J. Stowell 1878 - 1886 ( formerly station master at Crosby Garrett )
G. Barker 1886 - 1891 ( formerly station master at Little Salkeld , afterwards station master at Melbourne )
Isaac Scott 1891 - 1915
W.S . Balfour from 1915
J.H . Ashton from 1945 ( formerly station master at Willaston )
References
Sources
Disused railway stations in Cumbria
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1876
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1956
John Holloway Sanders railway stations
Wetheral
The National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps Medal of Merit ( , FAKGM/SM ) is a Swedish medal awarded by the National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps ( FAK ) for meritorious work and good personal efforts within FAK 's area of activity or within activities particularly benefiting the FAK .
History
The medal was established in 1934 as the Swedish Voluntary Motor Transport Corps Merit Badge ( , FAKFt ) . In 1948 , the medal change name to Swedish Voluntary Motor Transport Corps Medal of Merit ( , FAKg ) . In 1958 , it became the National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps Medal of Merit ( , FAKGM/SM ) .
Appearance
Medal
The medal of merit in gold ( gilded silver ) and in silver , is minted in the eighth size in oval shape and bears on the obverse Their Majesty the King 's image crowned by the royal crown and on the front FAK 's mirror monogram and the inscription `` To N.N . for merits of the Voluntary Motor Transport Corps '' and the year of awarding .
Ribbon
Divided in yellow , blue and yellow moiré .
Criteria
The national chief of the corps decides on the award with the support of Their Majesty the King 's gracious consent .
Gold
to an individual , the one who through personal effort in a particularly meritorious way has benefited the FAK through particularly fruitful work for as a rule at least 15 years .
to foreign nationals as the highest honor that the FAK can award for merits of the FAK .
Silver
to an individual , who through personal effort has benefited the FAK through extremely profitable activities for as a rule at least 10 years .
Presenting
In addition to the national chief of the corps , the deputy national chief of the corps , the members of the national corps board and union boards have the right to make proposals regarding the awarding of the award . An individual member has the right to submit to the union chief in their or their own union a proposal for the award of the award in accordance with regulations issued by the union board .
Awards must be handed over to the recipient in solemn forms - for example at the national assembly or the union assembly .
Wearing
The gold and silver medals are worn on the left side of the chest in a vertically divided yellow-blue-yellow ribbon .
See also
National Association of Volunteer Motor Transport Corps Merit Badge
Footnotes
References
Notes
Print
Orders , decorations , and medals of Sweden
Awards established in 1934
1934 establishments in Sweden
Bongeka Gamede ( born 22 May 1999 ) is a South African soccer player who plays as a defender for the University of the Western Cape ( UWC ) and the South Africa women 's national team .
Career
Gamede 's home town is Ixopo in KwaZulu-Natal . A former South African under-17 and under-20 international , they were included in the South African squad for the 2019 FIFA Women 's World Cup despite having never previously represented the national team at senior level . A tourism student at the University of the Western Cape , they had to postpone their first year exams to appear at the tournament . They made their international debut in a pre-World Cup friendly against Norway on 2 June 2019 , coming on as a substitute in South Africa 's 7–2 defeat .
References
1999 births
Living people
South African women 's soccer players
South Africa women 's international soccer players
Women 's association football defenders
2019 FIFA Women 's World Cup players
People from Ubuhlebezwe Local Municipality
Sportspeople from KwaZulu-Natal
`` Bayini '' is 'spiritual love song ' performed in Yolngu Matha , an indigenous language of Northern Australia . It is track three on Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu 's album , Rrakala , which was released by Skinny Fish Music on April 15 , 2011 .
Meaning
According to the National Museum of Australia , `` Bayini '' are light-skinned mythological beings who were also involved in collecting and curing trepang ( an edible sea cucumber ) . In literature , the first non-Aboriginal visitors to the Arnhem Land coast are referred to as Bayini . In songs that record and preserve their traditions , Aboriginal people of Arnhem land tell of the Bayini gypsies with copper coloured skin who visited their shores .
John Gratorex said in the Rrakala sleeve notes ; `` Yolngu are deep thinking philosophical people . The words in the song refer to many families sitting together on the beach looking to waves and sea , the horizon , contemplating . Long ago from over the horizon the Bayini came to Yolngu country . ''
Gurrumul and Sarah Blasko version
{ { Infobox song
| name = Bayini
| cover = Bayini Gurrumul and Blasko.jpg
| alt =
| border = yes
| type = single
| artist = Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu & Sarah Blasko
| album = Rrakala ( solo version ) '
| released =
| recorded = 2012
| studio =
| venue =
| genre = World music
| length = ( original version ) ( main version ) ( radio edit )
| label = Skinnyfish Music
| writer = Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu
| producer =
| chronology = Sarah Blasko
| prev_title = We Wo n't Run
| prev_year = 2009
| next_title = I Awake
| next_year = 2012
} }
On June 1 , 2012 , `` Bayini '' was re-recorded for radio release . The main version contained vocals from singer , Sarah Blasko , singing additional lyrics in English .
In July 2012 , the song received unprecedented attention and began getting airplay on ABC radio and Triple J and Gurrumul 's album , Rrakala , achieved platinum sales in Australia .
Gurrumul and Delta Goodrem version
In 2013 , Gurrumul joined Delta Goodrem and the Sydney Symphony Orchestra for a special performance of Bayini on The Voice Australia '' . The clip has had over 1,746,395 views on YouTube .
Goodrem said of the performance ; `` Gurrumul is one of this country 's greatest voices and to receive their invitation to perform on 'The Voice ' was so special and something I will cherish forever . '' The performance was in celebration of National Reconciliation Week and following popular demand , the single was released on May 31 with proceeds of the single going towards the newly formed Gurrumul Yunupingu Foundation , which aims to help young people in indigenous communities realise their potential .
Despite peaking at number # 1 on iTunes throughout the week , `` Bayini '' debuted at # 4 on the ARIA singles chart , thus becoming Gurrumul 's highest-charting single and Goodrem 's 13th top 5 single .
Chart performance
Weekly chart
Yearly chart
References
2012 singles
2013 singles
2011 songs
Delta Goodrem songs
Mark Texeira ( ) is an American comic book artist . Classically trained as a painter , they broke into the comics field in the early 1980s .
Career
Mark Texeira was born and raised in New York City . They attended Manhattan 's High School of Art and Design , and was granted a Presidential Scholarship at the School of Visual Arts , where they attended for two years before dropping out to pursue a freelance commercial art career . During this period , Texeira took classes at the Art Students League . Their oil paintings soon won mentions at the Salmagundi Club and the Society of Illustrators .
Comic titles Texeira has contributed to include Masters Of The Universe ( 1981 ) , DC Power Lords , Jonah Hex and its spinoff Hex ( 1985–1986 ) , Psi-Force ( 1986–1987 ) , The Punisher War Journal ( 1990 ) , Ghost Rider vol . 3 ( 1990–1992 , 1997–1998 ) , and vol . 5 , Wolverine vol . 2 ( 1993 ) , Sabretooth ( 1993 ) , Spider-Man : Legacy of Evil ( 1996 ) , Black Panther vol . 3 ( 1998 ) , Moon Knight vol . 4 ( 1999 ) , Vampirella , Cyclops ( 2001 ) , Hercules vol . 4 ( 2005 ) and Wolverine vol . 3 ( 2005 ) .
Technique and materials
When painting , Texeira begins with a penciled layout on loose paper , and following approval of the layout , will acquire reference photos or hire models to pose for him , in order to `` capture the feeling of the sketch as closely as possible . '' Texeira will then apply a few layers of gesso to a Masonite board , and then carefully lay the drawing out in tight pencil , noting subtleties of skin tone and sharpening the image throughout the process . They will then create the underpainting , in which they apply sepias , or a mix of browns , blacks and whites . Any final changes to the painting , such as aspects of a character 's facial expression , are made during this stage . They then carefully and thinly applies acrylic paint to achieve the final colors , lightly so as to not lose the underpainting .
Bibliography
DC
Ghosts # 108 , 111-112 ( 1982 )
Hex # 1-9 , 11-14 ( 1985–86 )
House of Mystery # 308 ( 1982 )
Jonah Hex # 89 ( 1985 )
Jonah Hex / Yosemite Sam Special ( 2017 )
Power Lords # 1-3 ( 1983–84 )
Swamp Thing Annual # 1 ( 1982 )
Stormwatch : Team Achilles # 7 ( 2003 )
Image
Mark Texeira 's Pscythe ( 2004 )
The Darkness : Wanted Dead ( 2003 )
Tomb Raider : Scarface 's Treasure ( 2003 )
Union # 1 ( 1993 )
Marvel
Akira # 37 ( painted art ) ( 1995 )
Black Panther , vol . 3 , # 1-4 ( 1998–99 )
Buckaroo Banzai , miniseries , # 1-2 ( 1984 )
Clive Barker 's Hellraiser # 8 ( 1991 )
Cyclops , miniseries , # 1-4 ( 2001–02 )
Ghost Rider , vol . 3 , # 5 , 7 , 13-19,22-24 ( 1990–92 )
Guardians of the Galaxy # 23 ( 1992 )
Hercules , miniseries , # 1-5 ( 2005 )
Hulk # 5 , Annual 2000 ( among other artists ) ( 1999–2000 )
Marvel Comics Presents ( Wolverine/Ghost Rider ) : # 65-71 ( 1990–91 )
Marvel Super Special ( Buckaroo Banzai ) : # 33 ( 1984 )
Moon Knight , miniseries , # 1-4 ( 1999 )
Psi-Force # 1-5 , 8 , Annual # 1 ( 1986–87 )
Punisher # 36-37 , 42 , Annual # 1 , 3 , Summer Special # 1 ( 1990–91 )
Punisher War Journal # 25-30 , 50 ( 1990–93 )
Punisher : Red X-Mas ( 2005 )
Punisher War Zone # 37 ( 1995 )
Sabretooth , miniseries , # 1-4 ( 1993 )
Sectaurus # 1-2 ( 1985 )
Sentry/ X-Men ( 2001 )
Space : Punisher # 1-4 ( 2012 )
Spider-Man : Legacy of Evil ( painted art ) ( 1996 )
Terror Inc. # 6 ( along with Jorge Zaffino ) ( 1992 )
Thor ( `` Tales of Asgard '' ) # 416 ( 1990 )
Thor : Heaven & Earth , miniseries , # 2 ( 2011 )
Tomb of Terror ( Man-Thing ) # 1 ( 2010 )
Other publishers
Conan and the Daughters of Midora ( Dark Horse , 2004 )
Megalith # 1-3 ( Continuity , 1989–90 )
Vampirella ( Pantha feature ) : # 13-17 ( Harris , 2002–03 )
Vampirella / Pantha : Faster Pussycat ( painted art ) ( Harris , 1997 )
References
External links
Comic Book Pros – Original Comic Art For Sale , represents Mark Texeira
Mark Texeira on Marvel.com
American comics artists
American illustrators
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
School of Visual Arts alumni
Living people
American people of Portuguese descent
Artists from New York City
High School of Art and Design alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century American male artists
John of Matha ( 1160–1213 ) was a Christian saint of the 12th century and founder of the Order of the Most Holy Trinity , dedicated to ransoming Christians who had been captured by marauders from North Africa ( cf . Barbary corsairs ) .
Background
Between the eighth and the 15th centuries , Medieval Europe was in a state of intermittent warfare between the Christian kingdoms of southern Europe and the Muslim polities of North Africa , southern France , Sicily and portions of Spain . According to James W. Brodman , the threat of capture or kidnapping , whether by Muslim pirates or coastal raiders , or during one of the region 's intermittent wars , was a continual concern for residents of Catalonia , Languedoc , and other coastal provinces of mediaeval Christian Europe . Raids by Muslim bands and armies was a near-annual occurrence .
The redemption of captives is listed among the corporal works of mercy . The period of the Crusades , when so many Christians were in danger of falling into the hands of Muslims , witnessed the rise of religious orders vowed exclusively to this pious work .
Life and Work
Most of the story of John of Matha 's life is based on legends that circulated after their death . It is reasonably certain that they were born to noble parents Euphemius and Martha at Faucon-de-Barcelonnette , on the borders of Provence on 23 June 1169 . They were baptised John , in honour of John the Baptist . Their father Euphemius sent them to Aix-en-Provence , where they learned grammar , fencing , riding , and other skills fit for a young nobleman . It is said that while there , they gave the poor a considerable part of the money their parents sent him , and they visited the hospital every Friday to assist the penniless sick .
They studied theology at the University of Paris and was ordained a priest at the age of 32 in December 1192 . According to Trinitarian tradition , John celebrated their first Mass on 28 January 1193 . During that Mass , they had a vision of Christ holding by the hand two chained captives , one a Moor , the other a Christian ( the Crusades were in full force at the time ) . The Christian captive carried a staff with a red and blue cross . After the Mass , John decided to devote themselves to the task of ransoming Christian captives from the Moors . Before entering upon this work , they thought it needful to spend some time in retirement , prayer , and mortification ; having heard of the holy hermit Felix of Valois , who lived in a great wood near Gandelu in the Diocese of Meaux , they went to them and requested instruction in the practice of perfection .
Order of the Most Holy Trinity
One day while walking with Felix , John had another vision—a white stag appeared at a stream with a red and blue cross between its antlers . John disclosed to Felix the plans inspired by the vision during their first Mass of succouring captive Christians under slavery , and Felix offered their help to carry it out . They set out for Rome in the severe winter of 1197 , to obtain the Pope 's approval .
On 17 December 1198 , they obtained the preliminary approval of Pope Innocent III for a new order dedicated in honour of the Blessed Trinity for the redemption of Christian captives . The Order was fully approved in 1209 ; its first monastery was established at Cerfroid north of Paris ( at the site of Felix 's old hermitage ) , and the second in Rome at the Church of San Tommaso in Formis . Christian slaves were first rescued by the Order in 1201 . In 1202 and 1210 , John travelled to Tunisia themselves and brought back countless Christian slaves .
Before their death , Trinitarian tradition says they met Francis of Assisi and introduced Francis to the Frangipani family , who became benefactors of the Order of Friars Minor . John of Matha died on 17 December 1213 in Rome , in the house of Thomas In Formis on the Caelian Hill .
Our Lady of Good Remedy
John founded the Trinitarians to visit slave markets , buy Christian slaves , and set them free in the name of the Holy Trinity . To do this , the Order needed large amounts of money , so they placed their fundraising efforts under the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary , the Mother of God . In gratitude for their assistance , John of Matha honored Mary with the title of `` Our Lady of Good Remedy . '' Devotion to Mary under this ancient title is widely known in Europe and Latin America , and the Catholic Church celebrates their feast day on 8 October . Our Lady of Good Remedy is often depicted as the Virgin Mary handing a bag of money to John of Matha .
Veneration
In 1655 , their relics were translated from Rome to Madrid . Their cultus was approved in 1665 , and their feast day on the current General Roman Calendar is 17 December . Traditional Catholics that observe the Extraordinary Form of the Mass still observe their old feast day on 8 February .
Legacy
The Order of the Most Holy Trinity is active on five continents and in many countries .
DeMatha Catholic High School located in Hyattsville , Maryland , US is named after him . It is also sponsored by the Trinitarians .
Saint-Jean-de-Matha is a village in the province of Quebec .
In 1865 American poet John Greenleaf Whittier composed an anti-slavery poem entitled `` The Mantle of St. John De Matha '' .
See also
Felix of Valois
List of Ministers General of the Trinitarian Order
References
Sources
Holweck , F. G. , A Biographical Dictionary of the Saints . 1924 .
Further reading
Stevens , Clifford . `` St. John of Matha '' , One Year Book of Saints
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia : Order of Trinitarians
Whittier , John Greenleaf , `` The Mantle of St. John De Matha ''
Address Of John Paul II To The Participants In The General Chapter Of The Trinitarian Family , 26 August 1999
Colonnade Statue in St Peter 's Square
1160 births
1213 deaths
Medieval French saints
Trinitarian saints
13th-century Christian saints
Canonizations by Pope Alexander VII
12th-century French Roman Catholic priests
13th-century French Roman Catholic priests
Jandelsbrunn is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Fabienne Kanor ( born 7 August 1970 ) is a French journalist , novelist and filmmaker of Martinique origin . They are a winner of the Prix Carbet de la Caraïbe et du Tout-Monde .
Early life
Fabienne Kanor was born in Orléans , France on 7 August 1970 . Them mother was a nursing assistant and their father worked in the French post and telegraph office . They obtained degrees in modern literature and sociolinguistics at the University of Orléans and Tours , and went on to study in Paris under Romuald Fonkoua . Them master 's thesis was titled La Problématique de la terre dans la littérature antillaise .
Career
Following their studies , Kanor took up a job at a communications company . At this time they wrote their first novel , which remained unpublished . They then worked as a journalist for television ( La Cinquième , Paris Première , France 3 and Canal France Internationale ) , radio ( Radio France Internationale and Radio Nova ) , and press ( Nova Magazine ) . These roles allowed them to concentrate on fiction , and also develop as a filmmaker . Between 2001 and 2003 , they directed a series of documentaries on black women , including Jenny Alpha , Césaria Evora and Mimi Barthélémy .
Kanor lived for two years in Saint-Louis , Senegal , during which they wrote and published their novel D'Eaux douces . This won the Prix Fetkann ! in 2004 . Them second novel , Humus , appeared after their sojourn in Benin . This book was inspired by an anecdote in the logbook of a captain of a slave ship in 1774 , which reported that fourteen women jumped into the sea rather than proceed into slavery . Renée Larrier noted that `` Kanor 's polyphonic text is part of a series of recent works dealing with women 's resistance to involuntary servitude . ''
Between the two novels , they and their sister Véronique Kanor began making films . La Noiraude was the first of a planned trilogy of medium-length films , and it explored the trials and tribulations faced by Caribbean people in Paris . It was broadcast on France 2 and RFO , and received well at various film festivals . The second instalment in the trilogy , C'est qui L'Homme , was broadcast on France 2 in 2009 . This examined gender dynamics in relationships and the position assigned to women by their male partners .
In 2008 , Kanor collaborated with Emmanuelle Bidou on Janbé dlo : une histoire antillaise , a documentary that traced the three stages of Caribbean emigration to France from the perspective of families .
In 2011 , Kanor participated in the International Writing Program 's Fall Residency at the University of Iowa in Iowa City , IA .
Kanor 's 2014 book Faire l'aventure was praised as a `` rare book '' , an `` odyssey of disillusion '' , a chilling exploration of the undocumented life of an illegal immigrant and the `` venomous relations between white and black people '' .
Works
Novels
Children 's fiction
Film and television
La Noiraude ( with Véronique Kanor ) . Bouquin Affamé Productions ( France , 2005 ) , 29 minutes .
Janbé dlo : une histoire antillaise ( Traverser l'eau ) ( with Emmanelle Bidou ) . France Cinq and Télessonne , 2007 , 52 minutes .
Ti Emile Pò kò mò ( with Jean-Michel Cassérus ) . Paris : Productions La Lanterne , 2008 , 54 minutes .
C'est qui L'Homme ( with Véronique Kanor ) . France 2 , 2009 .
Awards
2004 - Prix Fetkann ! , for D'Eaux douces .
2005 - Special mention by the jury of Prix Carbet de la Caraïbe et du Tout-Monde for Humus .
2007 - Prix RFO du livre , for Humus .
2014 - Prix Carbet de la Caraïbe et du Tout-Monde , for Faire l'aventure .
References
External links
fabiennekanor.com
20th-century French novelists
21st-century French novelists
1970 births
French filmmakers
Living people
People from Orléans
International Writing Program alumni
Baker Boys is a British television drama series , produced by BBC Wales and broadcast on BBC One Wales . The series was written by Helen Raynor and Gary Owen . Torchwood creator Russell T Davies also had a role as creative consultant , which they fulfilled from Los Angeles . The first episode of the series was broadcast on 23 January 2011 .
The programme follows the workers of Valley Bara bakery which is the economic centre of Trefynydd , a small fictional village in South Wales . Generations of people had earned a living and formed a life at the bakery but this is thrown into jeopardy when recession bites and the bakery workers find themselves unemployed overnight . Writer Helen Raynor describes it as `` a blue collar drama '' , explaining `` we wanted to tell the story of a community , with a workplace at the centre of it , who suddenly fall on hard times '' . The show is filmed and set in Trethomas ( a village in Caerphilly ) , Bedwas ( a village in Caerphilly ) and Caerphilly .
Cast
Episodes
Series one
Series two
Reception
Welsh newspaper The Western Mail responded positively to the series , with journalist Karen Price describing it as `` a poignant drama , which will strike a chord with so many people , particularly in these times of recession '' . Scott Matthewman , writing for The Stage also praised the use of economic and social themes and expressed a desire to see a UK-wide broadcast of the series , concluding that `` the whole country deserves to see the fabulous Baker Boys '' . To coincide with the shows second run of episodes on BBC Wales The Radio Times published an article by Gareth McClean also arguing in favour of a nationwide broadcast . McLean states :
The first series achieved strong viewing figures , being the second most-watched original broadcast on BBC Wales with an average of 294,000 viewers during the 2010/2011season . In 2012 the series received five nominations at the 21st annual Bafta Cymru award ceremony . Eve Myles and Mark Lewis Jones were nominated respectively for the Best Actress and Actor awards , whilst Helen Raynor and Gary Owen received a joint nomination for Best Writing and Mark Waters received a nomination for Photography and Lighting . The series received one award ; with Adam Lewis winning an award for Best Original Music .
References
External links
2010s Welsh television series
2011 British television series debuts
2011 British television series endings
BBC Cymru Wales television shows
BBC high definition shows
BBC television dramas
2010s British television miniseries
English-language television shows
Television shows set in Wales
Julianna Di Giacomo is an American operatic soprano who has had an active international singing career since 1999 . They have performed leading roles with several major opera houses , including La Scala in Milan , the Metropolitan Opera in New York City , the Opéra-Comique in Paris , and the Teatro Real in Madrid . On the concert stage they have appeared with several notable orchestras , including the Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra , the Los Angeles Philharmonic , the New York Philharmonic , the Opera Orchestra of New York , and the Vienna Philharmonic .
Life and career
Raised in Santa Monica , California , Di Giacomo was first introduced to opera by their tennis coach when they were a teenager . They fell in love with the art form and pursued studies in vocal performance at the University of California , Los Angeles . After graduating from UCLA , they entered the Merola Opera Program at the San Francisco Opera ( SFO ) . They made their professional opera debut in 1999 with the Western Opera Theater , the SFO 's touring company , as Donna Anna in a national tour of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart 's Don Giovanni .
In 2004 Di Giacomo joined the Young Artist Program at the Santa Fe Opera . Them first career break came in 2006 when they replaced an indisposed Pamela Armstrong as Fiordiligi in Mozart 's Così fan tutte at the New York City Opera . They returned to the NYCO the following year in a much lauded portrayal of Elvira in Don Giovanni . They also received positive reviews in 2007 for their performance of Fiora in L'amore dei tre re with the Opera Orchestra of New York at Carnegie Hall and for their portrayal of Leonora in Giuseppe Verdi 's Il trovatore at the Caramoor International Music Festival .
Di Giacomo made their debut at the Metropolitan Opera in November 2007 at Clotilde in Bellini 's Norma with Dolora Zajick as Adalgisa and Hasmik Papian as Norma . In 2008 they made their debut with Opera Grand Rapids as Countess Almaviva in The Marriage of Figaro . In 2009 they made their first appearance at La Scala as Lucrezia Contarini in I due Foscari under the baton of Stefano Ranzani .
In 2010 Di Giacomo returned to the Met as Lina in Stiffelio and Leonora in Il trovatore in 2010 . In December 2010 they performed the world premiere of Thomas Pasatieri 's Bel Canto Songs for the George London Foundation Recital Series at the Morgan Library . In 2011 they returned to the Caramoor Festival to perform Mathilde in Rossini 's Guillaume Tell and portrayed Madame Lidoine in Dialogues of the Carmelites at the Pittsburgh Opera .
In 2012 Di Giacomo made their first appearance with the Los Angeles Opera as Donna Anna to Ildebrando D'Arcangelo 's Don Giovanni under conductor Placido Domingo . That same year they made their debut at the Teatro dell'Opera di Roma in the title role of Bellini 's Norma and sang the title role in Giacomo Puccini 's Suor Angelica at the Teatro Real in Madrid . In 2013 they made their debut at the Opéra-Comique as Rozenn in Édouard Lalo 's Le roi d'Ys .
In 2014 Di Giacomo made their debut with the New York Philharmonic as the soprano soloist in Beethoven 's Symphony No . 9 ; a work they had performed a year earlier with the Vienna Philharmonic . Also in 2014 , they made their debut at the San Francisco Opera as Amelia in Un ballo in maschera , appeared at the Hollywood Bowl as Nedda in Pagliacci with the Los Angeles Philharmonic , and portrayed Desdemona in Otello at the Teatro Massimo .
In May 2015 Di Giacomo portrayed the title role in Verdi 's Luisa Miller at the Teatro di San Carlo . In June 2015 they portrayed Leonora for their debut with the Cincinnati Opera . In October/November 2015 they are scheduled to sing Desdemona in Verdi 's Otello at the Teatro de la Maestranza .
In March/April 2016 they sang the role of Leonora in a semi-staged performance with the San Antonio Opera and the San Antonio Symphony .
Other opera companies Di Giacomo has performed with during their career include the Arizona Opera , the Municipal Theatre of Santiago , the Opéra national de Montpellier , and the Teatro Petruzzelli .
Discography
Mahler : Symphony No . 8 , Orquesta Sinfónica Simón Bolívar and Los Angeles Philharmonic , Gustavo Dudamel conducting
Milhaud : L'Orestie d'Eschyle , University of Michigan Symphony , University Choir , Orpheus Singers ; Kenneth Kiesler conducting ; Dan Kempson , Jennifer Lane , Tamara Mumford , Julianna Di Giacomo , and Brenda Rae
Verdi : Messa da Requiem , Los Angeles Philharmonic , Gustavo Dudamel conducting ; Ildebrando D'Arcangelo , bass ; Vittorio Grigolo , tenor ; Michelle DeYoung , mezzo-soprano ; Julianna Di Giacomo , soprano ( C Major DVD & Blu-ray )
References
External links
Official Website of Julianna Di Giacomo
Living people
American operatic sopranos
Musicians from Santa Monica , California
UCLA School of the Arts and Architecture alumni
Singers from California
1975 births
Classical musicians from California
21st-century American women opera singers
The Madonna with the Blue Diadem is a painting by Raphael and their pupil Gianfrancesco Penni , and was most likely painted in Rome around 1510-1512 , now at the Louvre . In the Louvre , the painting is named Virgin and Child with the Infant Saint John , also known as Virgin with the Veil or Virgin with the Blue Diadem . Additional names include Virgin with the Linen , Slumbering Child and Silence of the Holy Virgin .
History
Legend has it that at one time the panel , split in two , was used to cover casks in Pescia . Once found , they are said to have been expertly joined . There is also a different version where the panel was split into three pieces to make a screen , which was made whole again .
By the later part of the 16th century , it had been in the Chateauneuf Collection , Paris and descended to their heir , the Marquis de la Vallière .
In 1620 the painting was owned by the Marquis de la Vallière , Secretary of State , as part of the La Vallière Collection in Paris . In 1713 , Prince Louis Alexandre de Bourbon , Comte de Toulouse , owned the painting and from them it passed in 1728 into the collection of the Prince de Carignan .
From at least 1728 to 1743 it was in the possession of Victor Amadeus I , Prince of Carignan . After they died , the painting fell to their son Louis de Carignan and painter Rigauld mediated the sale in 1742 dispersed to Louis XV in 1743 .
The last Raphael painting to enter the French Royal Collection , it was acquired from the Prince of Carignan in 1742 dispersed to Louis XV in 1743 .
Description
Although there are several artists involved , the composition is almost certainly that of Raphael . Due to the use of bright , acid colors and the porcelain-like finish , it is thought that the finishing of the composition may have been the work of one of their pupils , Giovanfrancesco Penni , and to be dated around 1518 .
The painting is similar to the Madonna of Loreto ( Musée Condé , Chantilly ) , featuring the symbolic lifting of the veil . The use of veil in Renaissance paintings , from the Meditations on the Life of Christ , symbolizes the manner in which the Madonna wrapped the Child in the veil from their head at the Nativity and , prophetically , again at the Crucifixion .
Here the Virgin lifts the veil over the sleeping Child , who is turned toward the audience , with their other arm around the young John the Baptist , who has a reed across their shoulder . Both the Virgin and John are in profile . Attached to a blue diadem , a veil that flows down their head , across their shoulders and clings to their arms . A draped tunic , belted at the waist , flowing overtop their red underdress .
While the paintings has some similarity to the Madonna of Loreto , Raphael make a more dramatic statement , such as through the use of ruins of the Sacchetti Villa and vineyard , near the St. Peter 's Basilica in Rome .
There is also refinement in the features and limbs of the Christ child . The child is very calm , contrasted to the expression of awe and adoration by the young John .
References
External links
1510s paintings
Paintings in the Louvre by Italian artists
Paintings of the Madonna and Child by Raphael
Paintings depicting John the Baptist
Paintings of the Madonna and Child
Thomas Thompson `` Tony '' Whitson ( 1885–1945 ) was a South African professional footballer who played as a left back for Newcastle United between 1905 and 1919 . They made 124 appearances in the Football League , and 146 across all competitions , representing them in the FA Cup Final in 1910 and 1911 .
Honours
Newcastle United
First Division champions : 1908–09
FA Cup winner : 1910
FA Cup runner-up : 1911
References
1885 births
Sportspeople from Cape Town
1945 deaths
South African soccer players
Newcastle United F.C . players
Carlisle United F.C . players
English Football League players
English Football League representative players
Association football fullbacks
FA Cup Final players
In 1993 the world governing body for Sambo ( FIAS ) split into two organizations , both of which used the same name and logo . The two groups were often referred to as FIAS “ East ” , under Russian control , and FIAS “ West ” , under the United States and Western European control . This division for control of Sambo created two world championships . The 1994 World Sambo Championships East were held in Novi Sad , Yugoslavia and the 1994 World Sambo Championships West were held in Montreal , Canada .
Medal overview
External links
Results on Sambo.net.ua
World Sambo Championships
Sports competitions in Novi Sad
20th century in Novi Sad
1994 in Yugoslav sport
The Braille pattern dots-23 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the middle and bottom left dots raised , or an 8-dot braille cell with the two middle-left dots raised . It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2806 , and in Braille ASCII with the number `` 2 '' .
Unified Braille
In unified international braille , the braille pattern dots-23 is used to represent a voiced bilabial consonant , such as /b/ or /ɓ/ when multiple letters correspond to these values , and is otherwise assigned as punctuation or accent mark , as needed .
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-23 are Braille patterns 237 , 238 , and 2378 , which are used in 8-dot braille systems , such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille .
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille , the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 37 , 137 , 347 , and 1347 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-23 , since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 023 , 237 , and 0237 are placed above the base 6-dot cell , instead of below , as in standard 8-dot braille .
Kantenji using braille patterns 37 , 137 , 347 , or 1347
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-23 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978 .
- 系
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + ゐ/幺 = 乃
- selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 及
- selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 亥
- ゐ/幺 + selector 1 = 幼
- ゐ/幺 + selector 3 = 幺
- ゐ/幺 + selector 4 = 幻
- 比 + ゐ/幺 = 左
Compounds of 系
- な/亻 + ゐ/幺 = 係
- こ/子 + ゐ/幺 = 孫
- ひ/辶 + こ/子 + ゐ/幺 = 遜
- 氷/氵 + ゐ/幺 = 潔
- へ/⺩ + ゐ/幺 = 素
- ろ/十 + ゐ/幺 = 索
- た/⽥ + ゐ/幺 = 累
- や/疒 + た/⽥ + ゐ/幺 = 瘰
- い/糹/ # 2 + た/⽥ + ゐ/幺 = 縲
- む/車 + た/⽥ + ゐ/幺 = 螺
- そ/馬 + た/⽥ + ゐ/幺 = 騾
- は/辶 + ゐ/幺 = 繁
- む/車 + ゐ/幺 = 繋
- ち/竹 + ゐ/幺 = 纂
- ゐ/幺 + こ/子 = 紅
- ゐ/幺 + 龸 = 紋
- ゐ/幺 + 仁/亻 = 納
- ゐ/幺 + ひ/辶 = 紐
- ゐ/幺 + る/忄 = 紺
- ゐ/幺 + れ/口 = 結
- ゐ/幺 + し/巿 = 絶
- ゐ/幺 + ゆ/彳 = 網
- ゐ/幺 + ゑ/訁 = 綴
- ゐ/幺 + め/目 = 綿
- ゐ/幺 + す/発 = 緊
- ゐ/幺 + 火 = 緋
- ゐ/幺 + 日 = 緒
- ゐ/幺 + い/糹/ # 2 = 緯
- ゐ/幺 + そ/馬 = 縁
- 心 + ゐ/幺 + そ/馬 = 櫞
- ゐ/幺 + ら/月 = 縋
- ゐ/幺 + え/訁 = 縞
- ゐ/幺 + ほ/方 = 縫
- ゐ/幺 + た/⽥ = 繹
- ゐ/幺 + よ/广 = 纏
- ゐ/幺 + ゐ/幺 + よ/广 = 纒
- め/目 + ゐ/幺 = 県
- め/目 + め/目 + ゐ/幺 = 縣
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + ゐ/幺 = 徽
- ゐ/幺 + 宿 + め/目 = 緜
- ゐ/幺 + へ/⺩ + は/辶 = 纛
- せ/食 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 鯀
- ゐ/幺 + 宿 + こ/子 = 絳
- ゐ/幺 + 龸 + ゑ/訁 = 綬
- ゐ/幺 + ほ/方 + そ/馬 = 緲
- ら/月 + け/犬 + ゐ/幺 = 縢
- ゐ/幺 + 宿 + ろ/十 = 繚
- む/車 + 宿 + ゐ/幺 = 辮
Compounds of 乃
- の/禾 + ゐ/幺 = 秀
- い/糹/ # 2 + の/禾 + ゐ/幺 = 綉
- え/訁 + ゐ/幺 = 誘
- ひ/辶 + ゐ/幺 = 透
- 心 + の/禾 + ゐ/幺 = 莠
- か/金 + の/禾 + ゐ/幺 = 銹
- ゐ/幺 + て/扌 = 携
- な/亻 + selector 1 + ゐ/幺 = 仍
- こ/子 + selector 1 + ゐ/幺 = 孕
- き/木 + selector 1 + ゐ/幺 = 朶
- み/耳 + selector 1 + ゐ/幺 = 躱
- ゐ/幺 + 宿 + ⺼ = 盈
Compounds of 及
- て/扌 + ゐ/幺 = 扱
- れ/口 + ゐ/幺 = 吸
- い/糹/ # 2 + ゐ/幺 = 級
- や/疒 + selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 岌
- に/氵 + selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 汲
- ち/竹 + selector 4 + ゐ/幺 = 笈
Compounds of 亥
- き/木 + ゐ/幺 = 核
- ゑ/訁 + ゐ/幺 = 該
- か/金 + ゐ/幺 = 骸
- ゐ/幺 + ね/示 = 刻
- ゐ/幺 + ぬ/力 = 劾
- つ/土 + selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 垓
- こ/子 + selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 孩
- そ/馬 + selector 5 + ゐ/幺 = 駭
- れ/口 + 宿 + ゐ/幺 = 咳
Compounds of 幼
- て/扌 + ゐ/幺 + selector 1 = 拗
- う/宀/ # 3 + ゐ/幺 + selector 1 = 窈
- し/巿 + ゐ/幺 + selector 1 = 黝
Compounds of 幺
- ゐ/幺 + ゐ/幺 = 幽
- ゆ/彳 + ゐ/幺 = 後
- に/氵 + ゐ/幺 = 滋
- 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 玄
- や/疒 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 痃
- め/目 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 眩
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 絃
- ふ/女 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 舷
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 衒
- か/金 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 鉉
- 囗 + ゐ/幺 = 畿
- ま/石 + ゐ/幺 = 磁
- 日 + ゐ/幺 = 楽
- く/艹 + ゐ/幺 = 薬
- く/艹 + く/艹 + ゐ/幺 = 藥
- 日 + 日 + ゐ/幺 = 樂
- て/扌 + 日 + ゐ/幺 = 擽
- 火 + 日 + ゐ/幺 = 爍
- ま/石 + 日 + ゐ/幺 = 礫
- む/車 + 日 + ゐ/幺 = 轢
- か/金 + 日 + ゐ/幺 = 鑠
- 心 + 日 + ゐ/幺 = 檪
- み/耳 + ゐ/幺 = 蹊
- ゐ/幺 + 囗 = 幾
- え/訁 + ゐ/幺 + 囗 = 譏
- せ/食 + ゐ/幺 + 囗 = 饑
- ゐ/幺 + 心 = 慈
- ゐ/幺 + や/疒 = 郷
- ゐ/幺 + ま/石 = 響
- せ/食 + ゐ/幺 = 饗
- 囗 + ゐ/幺 + や/疒 = 嚮
- ゐ/幺 + に/氵 = 渓
- ゐ/幺 + ゐ/幺 + に/氵 = 溪
- ゐ/幺 + せ/食 = 鶏
- ゐ/幺 + ゐ/幺 + せ/食 = 鷄
- お/頁 + ゐ/幺 = 顕
- お/頁 + お/頁 + ゐ/幺 = 顯
- く/艹 + ゐ/幺 + ゐ/幺 = 茲
- こ/子 + 宿 + ゐ/幺 = 孳
- み/耳 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 聨
- み/耳 + 宿 + ゐ/幺 = 聯
- ゐ/幺 + た/⽥ + selector 1 = 谿
- せ/食 + 宿 + ゐ/幺 = 酳
- ゐ/幺 + 心 + ま/石 = 麼
Compounds of 左
- 仁/亻 + ゐ/幺 = 佐
Other compounds
- つ/土 + ゐ/幺 = 報
- ら/月 + ゐ/幺 = 服
- ち/竹 + ら/月 + ゐ/幺 = 箙
- そ/馬 + の/禾 + ゐ/幺 = 羲
Notes
Braille patterns
Sturgeon Heights is a settlement in northern Alberta within the Municipal District of Greenview No . 16 , located on Highway 43 , southeast of Grande Prairie .
Localities in the Municipal District of Greenview No . 16
Cathedral Basilica of Saint Peter in Chains is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cincinnati .
The basilica is a Greek revival structure located at 8th and Plum streets in downtown Cincinnati , Ohio , United States . It is dedicated to Saint Peter 's imprisonment and liberation . The church 's cornerstone was laid on May 20 , 1841 , under the direction of then-bishop—later archbishop—John Baptist Purcell , and the church was formally dedicated on November 2 , 1845 , as the first large church west of the Allegheny Mountains . On June 29 , 2020 Pope Francis conferred the title of Minor Basilica on St. Peter in Chains .
Architecture
St. Peter in Chains ' striking single spire , made of pure white limestone , rises above street level , which made the church the tallest human-made structure in the city for many decades . The columns are high , symbolizing the number of years in Jesus ' life .
The interior of St. Peter in Chains is distinctly unique among Roman Catholic cathedrals in America , with its Greek-themed mosaics depicting the Stations of the Cross , its ornate Corinthian columns and its massive bronze doors . The crucifix is by Benvenuto Cellini , the murals by Carl Zimmerman and the mosaic in the apse is the work of Anton Wendling .
History
The first Catholic church in Cincinnati was Christ Church , originally located at Liberty and Vine streets , then later at 6th and Sycamore streets , at what is now the site of St. Francis Xavier Church . Christ Church served as the young diocese 's de facto cathedral until the first St. Peter 's Cathedral was built on the site . St. Peter 's was dedicated on December 17 , 1826 , becoming the seat of the diocese .
The second and current St. Peter 's Cathedral was dedicated in 1845 . The large stone angels that flanked the main altar were created by Odoardo Fantacchiotti in the late 1840s . They were among the first European sculptures to come to Cincinnati and now grace the Cincinnati Art Museum .
By the 1930s , St. Peter in Chains had become dilapidated , its signature white limestone covered in soot . In 1938 , Archbishop John T. McNicholas moved the archdiocesan seat from St. Peter in Chains to the more modern St. Monica 's in the Clifton Heights neighborhood north of downtown . St. Peter in Chains deteriorated further as an ordinary parish church . In the mid-1950s , under Archbishop Karl Joseph Alter 's urban-renewal program and in accordance with the city 's master plan , St. Peter in Chains underwent significant restoration and expansion . Architect Edward J. Schulte designed new transepts , a rectory , a sacristy , and archdiocesan offices . The church was re-dedicated as a cathedral on November 3 , 1957 , amid celebration and fanfare .
In 1977 , the cathedral hosted a visit from Polish Archbishop Karol Wojtyla , who the following year became Pope John Paul II . To date , more than two dozen Roman Catholic bishops have been consecrated within its walls , and the cathedral is a popular venue for weddings , as well as the annual ordination of the archdiocese 's priests and deacons .
See also
List of Catholic cathedrals in the United States
List of cathedrals in the United States
References
External links
Official Cathedral Site
Archdiocese of Cincinnati Official Site
National Register of Historic Places in Cincinnati
Roman Catholic churches in Cincinnati
Peter , Z
Limestone churches in the United States
1845 establishments in Ohio
Cincinnati Local Historic Landmarks
Basilica churches in Ohio
References
Lists of medical abbreviations
Allan Gunn ( 23 November 1943 – 2004 ) was an English football referee in the Football League , Premier League , and for FIFA . During their time on the List they were based in Sussex , initially Burgess Hill and later Chailey , near Lewes . Prior to officiating Gunn played as a left-winger for Sussex County League side Whitehawk .
Career
Gunn became a Football League linesman in 1974 and two years later made the Supplementary Referees List . After a successful season at that level they were promoted to the full List in 1977 .
Over the next few years they made frequent appearances in the then Football League Division One . In 1986 , they were a senior linesman to Alan Robinson in the FA Cup Final between Everton and Liverpool . They replaced the retiring Robinson on the FIFA list for the following season ( 1986–87 ) .
They took charge of an increasing number of key domestic games . In 1987 , they refereed the Associate Members ' Cup Final between Mansfield and Bristol City . This was the first professional English Cup Final to be settled by a penalty shoot-out . Two years later , in April 1989 , they handled the Final of the Full Members ' Cup ( a short-lived tournament for sides in the top two divisions ) in which Nottingham Forest overcame Everton 4–3 . They were appointed to the Charity Shield a few months later . Many referees who have handled this game have shortly after graduated to the FA Cup Final and they got their chance at the end of that season ( 1989–90 ) . The Final between Manchester United and Crystal Palace ended 3–3 after extra time , and they also refereed the rather low-key replay , won by United 1–0 .
On the international scene , they were refereed for a number of club ties but their most notable match was a World Cup qualifier in April 1989 in which Portugal beat Switzerland 3–1 .
Originally they were due to retire at the end of the 1990–91 season . However , in common with a number of high-performing referees at that time , they were granted an extension . This gave them a few more months at FIFA level before the world body reduced its own retirement age to 45 and , along with many other referees , they had to stand down at the end of 1991 . However , they continued to referee in England . They were chosen for the new Premier League in 1992 , and in 1993 took charge of the League Cup Final between Arsenal and Sheffield Wednesday .
They were then granted a further domestic extension . Early in 1994 , though , they decided to retire at the end of the season at the age of 51 , after a 17-year career on the full List . They accepted an offer from the FA in 2000 to become a member of the video panel reviewing match events and disciplinary matters . They died in 2004 .
References
Print
Football League Handbooks , 1974–1976
Rothmans Football Yearbooks , 1977–1994
Gilbert Upton ( 2005 ) Football League and Premiership Referees 1888 to 2005 : a Reference Resource , Soccerdata
Internet
External links
Alan Gunn referee profile at Premier League
1943 births
People from Burgess Hill
Whitehawk F.C . players
English football referees
FA Cup Final referees
2004 deaths
English Football League referees
Premier League referees
Association football midfielders
English footballers
Doreen Wickremasinghe ( née Young ; 15 February 1907 – 29 May 2000 ) was a British leftist who became a prominent Communist politician in Sri Lanka and a Member of Parliament ( MP ) . They were one of the handful of European Radicals in Sri Lanka .
Early life & family
Doreen Wickremasinghe was the daughter of two British 'ethical Socialists ' . While a student in London in the 1920s , they became involved in the Indian Independence League and carried out other anti-imperialist work . Here they met Dr S. A. Wickramasinghe , a radical Sri Lankan moving in Communist and radical circles while a post-graduate student in London .
Dr Wickremasinghe offered to find them a job in Sri Lanka . They became the principal of a Buddhist girls ' school in Matara , Sujatha Vidyalaya ( 1930–32 ) , where their work on the curriculum included replacing British history with Sri Lankan and world history , and permitting the teachers to get qualified , moving the school away from its emphasis on 'training for wifehood ' . During this period they learnt Sinhala . In 1933 they were offered the post of principal at the leading Buddhist girls ' school , Visakha Vidyalaya , but the offer was withdrawn on the news that they were to marry Dr Wickremasinghe . After marrying Dr S.A Wickremasinghe , they took up another post as principal of a leading Colombo Buddhist girls school , Ananda Balika Vidyalaya , where their work included promotion of Sri Lankan arts , and teaching Asian poetry . They were removed in 1936 because it was feared they had made the school a centre for anti-British activity - they definitely are responsible for many young women from the Buddhist schools joining the Left .
They and Dr Wickremasinghe had two children , Suren ( an architect ) and Suriya ( Amnesty International IEC Chairperson , 1982–85 ) .
Political career
In 1933 , they wrote an article called The Battle of the Flowers , which was published in the Ceylon Daily News and detailed what Young thought was the absurdity of forcing Sri Lankan schoolchildren to purchase poppies to help British ex-servicemen at the expense of those from Sri Lanka , which led them to be vilified by their compatriots . This was the beginning of the involvement of the South Colombo Youth League in the revival of Suriya-Mal Movement on a new anti-imperialist and anti-war basis . The movement , which both opposed school pupils ' compulsory participation in Poppy Day , and offered yellow Suriya ( Portia tree ) flowers for sale as an alternative , posing the question , 'whose need is more dire , the ex-servicemen in England or the poor of this country ? '
Doreen was elected first President of the Suriya Mal Movement at a meeting held at the residence of Wilmot Perera in Horana . Terence de Zilva and Robin Ratnam were elected Joint Secretaries , and Roy de Mel , Treasurer . Yearly until the Second World War , young men and women sold Suriya flowers on the streets on Armistice Day in competition with the Poppy sellers . The purchasers of the Suriya Mal were generally from the poorer sections of society and the funds collected were not large - part the Proceeds were used to educate a girl from the depressed Rodi caste . But the movement provided a rallying point for the anti-imperialist minded youth of the time . An attempt was made by the British colonial government to curb the movement 's effectiveness through the 'Street Collection Regulation Ordinance ' .
After many more years of the couple 's campaigning , Dr Wickremasinghe was jailed for sedition in 1939 .
In 1947 , the LSSP and CPC formed the Eksath Kantha Peramuna ( United Women 's Front ) in which Wickremasinghe took a leading role .
In 1952 they were elected to Parliament as Communist Party of Ceylon ( CPC ) member for the Akuressa seat , beating C. Wijesinghe of the United National Party . In 1998 the Sri Lankan government conferred on them the title of Deshamanya , a prestigious national honour .
Publications
Doreen Wickremasinghe ( ed ) , Poems of East & West . Colombo : Colombo Apothecaries Co. , 1950 .
References
External links
The Participation of Women in the social reform , political & labour movements in sri lanka WSCF Asia-Pacific newsletter - May–August 1980
British anti-racism activists
British communists
Lanka Sama Samaja Party politicians
Communist Party of Sri Lanka politicians
1907 births
2000 deaths
Sri Lankan Buddhists
Sri Lankan people of English descent
Sinhalese politicians
Deshamanya
Women legislators in Sri Lanka
Indian Independence League
Indian independence activists
Sri Lankan independence activists
United States v. Dougherty , 473 F.2d 1113 ( D.C. Cir . 1972 ) was a 1972 decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in which the court ruled that members of the D.C. Nine , who had broken into Dow Chemical Company , vandalized office furniture and equipment , and spilled about a bloodlike substance , were not entitled to a new trial on the basis of the judge 's failing to allow a jury nullification jury instruction . The Appeals Court ruled , by a 2–1 vote :
Nonetheless , the defendants were given a new trial on the grounds that they had been denied their right of self-representation . The Circuit Judges ' assumption that jurors know about their nullification prerogative has since been brought into question by other empirical evidence . According to Irwin Horowitz , `` Beyond the empirical issue , lack of nullification instructions maintains a deceit . After all , juries can nullify , but they know this fact only on a sotto voce level . ''
References
External links
1972 in United States case law
Jury nullification
United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit cases
Sesan District is a district located in Stung Treng Province , in north-east Cambodia . According to the 1998 census of Cambodia , it had a population of 11,252 .
References
Districts of Stung Treng province
Who 's That Woman ? may refer to :
`` Who 's That Woman ? '' ( Desperate Housewives )
`` Who 's That Woman ? `` , a song from the Broadway musical Follies
Neodrepanis is a bird genus in the family Philepittidae .
Etymology
Neodrepanis : neos “ new , strange ” ; δρεπανη drepanē , δρεπανης drepanēs “ scimitar ”
Species
It contains the following species :
References
External links
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Outlander is a series of historical fantasy novels by American author Diana Gabaldon . Gabaldon began the first volume of the series , Outlander , in the late 1980s , and it was published in 1991 . They have published nine out of a planned ten volumes . The ninth novel in the series , Go Tell the Bees That I Am Gone , was released on November 23 , 2021 .
The Outlander series focuses on 20th-century British nurse Claire Randall , who time travels to 18th-century Scotland and finds adventure and romance with the dashing Highland warrior Jamie Fraser . The books have sold over 25 million copies worldwide as of August 2014 .
Among the many derived works are two short stories , three novellas , a novel series featuring recurring secondary character Lord John Grey , a graphic novel , a musical , and a television series .
Publishing history
Outlander novel series
Novels
Outlander ( 1991 ) ( published in the UK , New Zealand and Australia as Cross Stitch )
Dragonfly in Amber ( 1992 )
Voyager ( 1993 )
Drums of Autumn ( 1996 )
The Fiery Cross ( 2001 )
A Breath of Snow and Ashes ( 2005 )
An Echo in the Bone ( 2009 )
Written in My Own Heart 's Blood ( 2014 )
Go Tell the Bees That I Am Gone ( 2021 )
Audiobooks
The Outlander series has been released in unabridged ( read by Davina Porter ) , and abridged audiobooks ( read by Geraldine James ) . Several of the Lord John books have been released in audiobook form , read by Jeff Woodman .
Novellas and short stories
`` A Leaf on the Wind of All Hallows '' ( 2010 ) , a short story in the anthology Songs of Love and Death , later collected in A Trail of Fire ( 2012 ) , and Seven Stones to Stand or Fall ( 2017 ) . It tells the WWII story of Roger MacKenzie Wakefield 's parents Jerry and Dolly , as Jerry discovers for themselves the mystery of the standing stones .
The Space Between ( 2013 ) , a novella in the anthology The Mad Scientist 's Guide to World Domination , later collected in A Trail of Fire ( 2012 ) , and Seven Stones to Stand or Fall ( 2017 ) . It chronicles a journey undertaken by Joan MacKimmie ( Jamie Fraser 's step-daughter ) and Michael Murray ( Jenny Fraser Murray 's son ) .
Virgins ( 2013 ) , a novella in the anthology Dangerous Women , later available as a standalone e-book , and collected in Seven Stones to Stand or Fall ( 2017 ) . Set in 1740 France , it introduces 19-year-old Jamie Fraser as they and their 20-year-old friend Ian Murray become young mercenaries .
`` Past Prologue '' ( 2017 ) , a short story published in the anthology MatchUp . It is written as a collaboration by Steve Berry and Diana Gabaldon , in a story that crosses over their two fictional universes , with Cotton Malone from Berry 's novels meeting Jamie Fraser .
A Fugitive Green ( 2017 ) , a novella published in the Gabaldon collection Seven Stones to Stand or Fall . It features Hal Grey , brother of Lord John Grey , and their future wife Minerva .
Graphic novel
In 2010 , Gabaldon adapted the first third of Outlander into a graphic novel , illustrated by Hoang Nguyen .
Lord John series
The Lord John series is a sequence of novels and shorter works that center on Lord John Grey , a recurring secondary character from the Outlander novels . The spin-off series consists of five novellas and three novels , which all take place between 1756 and 1761 , during the events of Gabaldon 's Voyager . They can be generally categorized as historical mysteries , and the three novels are shorter and focus on fewer plot threads than the main Outlander books . Several of the Lord John books have been released in audiobook form , read by Jeff Woodman .
Other
The Outlandish Companion ( 1999 ) , a guide to the Outlander series containing synopses , a character guide , and other notes and information ; revised and updated as The Outlandish Companion ( Volume One ) ( 2015 )
The Outlandish Companion ( Volume Two ) ( 2015 )
Inspiration
Gabaldon was inspired by the Doctor Who character Jamie McCrimmon to set their series in Jacobite Scotland , and to name its protagonist Jamie .
Frazer Hines , who played McCrimmon , appears in an episode of the first season of the television series Outlander .
Characters
Core characters include :
Claire Beauchamp Randall Fraser , the titular Outlander , a 20th-century nurse ( and later doctor ) who travels through time to the 18th century
Jamie Fraser , Claire 's 18th-century husband
Frank Randall , Claire 's 20th-century husband
Brianna Randall , Claire and Jamie 's daughter
Roger Wakefield , a 20th-century historian
Jonathan `` Black Jack '' Randall , Frank 's sadistic 18th-century ancestor
Lord John Grey , a secondary character in the main series and the focus of the spin-off Lord John series
Musical
In 2010 , a 14-song cycle based on Outlander was released under the title Outlander : The Musical . With music by Kevin Walsh and lyrics by Mike Gibb , the project was approved by Gabaldon after Gibb had approached the author in Scotland with the idea to adapt their novel into a stage production . As Gabaldon recalled , `` I laughed and said , 'That 's the screwiest idea I 've heard yet – go ahead . ' So they did , and the results were stunning . '' Though the stage production remains in development , the 14-song cycle is available on CD from Amazon.com and for download on iTunes .
In 2012 , Broadway composer Jill Santoriello began collaborating with Gibb and Walsh on the project , writing the music and cowriting the lyrics with Gibb for a new song called `` One More Time . '' The song was recorded with vocals by Rebecca Robbins .
Television series
In June 2013 , Starz ordered 16 episodes of a television adaptation , and production began in October 2013 in Scotland . The series premiered in the US on August 9 , 2014 with Caitríona Balfe and Sam Heughan starring as Claire and Jamie . It was picked up for a second season on August 15 , 2014 , and for a third and fourth season on June 1 , 2016 . On May 9 , 2018 , Starz renewed the series for a fifth and sixth season .
References
External links
American historical novels
American romance novels
Book series introduced in 1991
Hispanic and Latino American novels
Historical novels by series
Science fiction book series
Romance novel series
Novels set in Scotland
Novels set in England
Novels set in the 18th century
Time-travel romance novels
Sigvald Bernhard Refsum ( 8 May 1907 , Gransherad – 8 July 1991 , Oslo ) was a Norwegian neurologist and university teacher .
Biography
Sigvald Refsum studied medicine at University of Oslo and obtained their doctorate in 1946 . They taught in University of Bergen from 1951 , then from 1954 until their retirement in 1978 in University of Oslo . Refsum disease is named after him .
References
Norwegian neurologists
University of Oslo alumni
University of Oslo faculty
1907 births
1991 deaths
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Telecommunication networks can generate a vast amount of transactions where each transaction contains information about a particular subscriber 's activity . Telecommunication network consist of various interacting devices and platforms . Any transaction carried out by a subscriber is often recorded in multiple devices as it passes through the network . Telecommunication organizations generally need to be able to extract transaction information from these various network elements in order to correctly bill subscribers for the usage on the network . Transaction processing system is a subset of information systems , and in the telecommunications industry , forms an integral part of the management information system . TPS can be regarded as the link between the various network elements and platforms and the information management uses to drive the business .
Call Data Records
Each activity occurring on a specific network element within the telecommunication network , is recorded by the particular platform . All available information about the particular transaction is recorded and encoded into different formats . The recorded transactions , is called Call Data Records ( CDR ) . Various formats and protocols are used to encode these CDRs , some example encoding protocols used includes ASN.1 , XML and CSV . Some platform vendors develop their own encoding protocols for security reasons . Encoded CDRs are grouped into batches and periodically moved to locations from where the TPS can collect the CDR batches in order to process it .
Gathering of CDR files
The TPS is configured to periodically check each platform for any new CDR batches becoming available . The TPS uses standard network protocols , including FTP , SFTP and FTPS to transfer the CDR batch file to the TPS . Some platform vendors have developed their own file transfer protocols , in which case , the TPS need to be customized in order to retrieve the batch files from these platforms . The TPS is also responsible for ensuring the integrity of each file transferred , ensuring that no IP network errors render the file corrupt . Checking for duplicate files from the particular platform is also a responsibility of the TPS to ensure that no file is processed more than once , resulting in duplication of CDRs . Once batch files are retrieved from a particular network-element , they are backed up to long-term media . Some governments require that a record of each and every transaction needs to be stored infinitely in its raw ( encoded ) format . The batch sizes and frequency differ for each network-element and is also directly related to the number of active subscribers on a particular telecommunication network .
Decoding / Enrichment and Loading of CDRs
Once the TPS has successfully retrieved all the CDR batches , its first task is to decode the CDRs into human readable ( ASCII ) format . This is probably one of the most important functions of the TPS within the telecommunication industry , as any error in the decoding process will result in inaccurate , unreliable information being passed onto downstream processes and ultimately to the reports viewed by the management . The TPS usually consists of standard functionality to decode all standard CDR encoding protocols like XML , CSV and ASN.1 . Should a particular platform vendor encode CDR 's in non standard protocols , customization on the TPS is required . Vendors are then required to supply detailed CDR specifications to the suppliers of the TPS in order to enhance the TPS to recognize the CDR formats and also detailed explanations of which information is contained within the CDR about a particular subscriber 's activity on the network . Upon successful completion of the decoding , the decoded CDR batches are then checked for duplicate records . Duplicate CDRs are discarded and reported on . The TPS administrators are responsible for verifying the CDRs flagged as duplicates , are in fact true duplicates .
Depending on the TPS software used , the processes following the CDR duplicate level checking can differ . Some high-end TPS combines information from various elements to create master CDRs before being loaded into the 'datastore ' , whilst a lower-end or entry-level TPS directly loads data upon completion of CDR duplicate checking . The 'datastore ' used by the TPS consists of a Relational database management system . Some high-end enterprise RDMS includes the likes of ORACLE , Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL . The choice of RDMS to use , is usually driven by company policy , price and recommendations from the TPS supplier . The RDMS should at least be able to support the volumes of CDRs generated by the particular network .
Once all intermediate processing on the CDR batches have completed , the TPS can now load the data into the particular 'datastore ' . Separate entities within the RDMS is used to store the data from the different network platforms . The architecture and layout of the RDMS is usually dictated by the particular TPS . The different entities within the RDMS now contains detailed records of each transaction which occurred on any particular platform within the network . Advanced application administrators can now query the detailed data by means of SQL . Depending on network size and subscriber base and particular network platform , the different RDMS entities can become extremely large and queries on these entities requires a high-end hardware architecture . In order to speed up recurring queries and reports on the CDR detail within the RDMS entities , the TPS often summarizes the data based on certain dimensions , also known as aggregates .
Aggregation of loaded data
Summaries , also known as aggregates , are used to summarize important data that needs to be accessed quickly and easily . Recurring reports i.e. , hourly , daily and monthly reports , are sourced from aggregates , as retrieving the information from the detail entities can take huge amounts of time and requires a lot of hardware resources to accomplish . The summaries regularly retrieve data from the detail entities within the RDBMS and summarizes it based on certain required information ( dimensions ) . Key measures are summed in order to give hourly , weekly or daily summaries depending on the reporting requirements . Some governments require that at least 6 months of detailed data must be readily available in the RDMS . They also require that a minimum of 5 years of summaries should be available . Due to the high costs of storage , telecommunication organization regularly archive data not required anymore . Data older than the set retention period is moved from high-cost storage to low cost permanent media ( i.e . tape ) . Should it be required that data older than the retention period be retrieved , the data can be either restored from the raw CDRs ( backed up by the TPS upon collection ) , or it can be restored from the datastore backups .
Reporting
Management requires reports in order to assess the performance of the business using various KPI 's . The data for these reports are processed and stored by the TPS . Summaries are built in order to achieve optimal query and reporting performance . The last function is to present the data in a user friendly , timely and accurate manner . Various tools exist for administrators to present the data to management . BI Tools like ORACLE BI , Business Objects and Cognos can be configured to source data from the TPS datastore summaries giving users the ability to view the data via a web browser . This gives the user up to date information and the ability to cross tabulate and build higher level summaries . Microsoft Excel can also be used to present the data to the end-user . Some TPS providers have the ability of integrating with Microsoft Excel , giving information to the user in a spreadsheet , from where Excel Pivoting can be used to summarize and present the data . Most BI-Tools have functionality to schedule reports which can send reports via e-mail or even SMS to configured users , ensuring timely availability of reports .
References
Telecommunications infrastructure
Ivo Tijardović ( ; 18 September 1895 – 19 March 1976 ) was a Croatian composer , writer and painter . A member of the Unitary National Liberation Front , they served as the 47th Mayor of Split , during the city 's World War II occupation by Fascist Italy , as head of its underground resistance government set up by the Yugoslav Partisans of Josip Broz Tito .
Tijardović was born in the city of Split ( then part of the Kingdom of Dalmatia in Austria-Hungary ) and studied music in Split and in Vienna , where they also studied architecture . They graduated from the Zagreb drama school in 1922 . They then worked as conductor and stage designer at the Split Municipal Theatre ( 1922–29 ) before joining the music department of the Edison Bell Penkala recording company in Zagreb ( 1929–33 ) . Returning to Split , they became director of the Croatian National Theatre , stage director of the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb , and director of the State Symphony Orchestra ( later , the Zagreb Philharmonic ) . As a composer , they relied on folklore and a national musical expression , especially of their native region of Dalmatia . They composed eight operettas , the best known of which are Mala Floramye ( `` Little Floramye '' ) and Splitski Akvarel ( `` The Split Aquarelle '' ) , which conjure the magic of Split between the two world wars . Their operas dealt with historical themes . They also painted and worked as an illustrator .
During World War II , when Split was annexed and occupied by Fascist Italy , Ivo Tijardović joined the Unitary National Liberation Front ( Jedinstveni narodnooslobodilački front , JNOF ) , the umbrella organization and political coalition behind the Yugoslav Partisans resistance movement . They soon became active in the city 's interim resistance government set-up by the Partisans , the National Liberation Committee ( Narodnooslobodilački odbor , NOO ) , and on 15 May 1942 they became its president ( mayor ) , a post which they held until September 1943 . The same year they left the city and joined the Partisans in the countryside . During the remainder of the war , they served as a member of the Croatian parliament , the ZAVNOH , and as President of the Regional National Liberation Committee for Dalmatia . During this period , they reworked the old Split patriotic song `` Marjane , Marjane '' , which soon became the city 's anthem in the form they published . They returned to the city after its final liberation in 1944 , and revitalized its theatrical scene .
They died in Zagreb , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia .
Works
Operettas
Pierrot Ilo , 1922 Split
Mala Floramye ( Little Floramye ) , 1926 Split
Splitski Akvarel , 1928 Split
Zapovijed maršala Marmonta ( Marshal Marmont 's Order ) , 1929 Split
Jurek i Štefek , 1931 Zagreb
Musicals
Katarina Velika ( Katherine the Great , 1929 Zagreb
Operas
Dimnjaci uz Jadran ( Smokestacks on the Adriatic ) , 1951 Zagreb
Marko Polo , 1960 Zagreb
Dioklecijan ( Diocletian ) , 1963 Zagreb
Sources
Koraljka Kos . The New Grove Dictionary of Opera , edited by Stanley Sadie ( 1992 ) . and
1895 births
1976 deaths
Croatian composers
Croatian opera composers
Musicians from Split , Croatia
People from the Kingdom of Dalmatia
Vladimir Nazor Award winners
Burials at Mirogoj Cemetery
20th-century classical composers
Male classical composers
Male opera composers
20th-century male musicians
This article documents the events in motorsport that happened in the 1970s .
United States
The IMSA GT Championship begins in 1971
The Trans Am Series declines as the muscle car sees its demise after the Oil Crisis . It eventually adopts an IMSA GTO format .
The Can Am Series folds by mid decade due to the Oil Crisis and dominance of McLaren and Chevrolet . It is revived in 1977 based on Formula 5000 , but folds shortly afterward .
Formula 5000 continues to be popular until mid-decade , when it declines into the basis for the new Can-Am
The Grand National becomes the Winston Cup Series after a purchase from Winston Cigarettes . Due to the Oil Crisis it is forced to allow even more modifications to its cars , beginning the departure from its strictly stock roots .
Championship Automobile Racing Teams is established , creating the first IndyCar Series .
The beginning of NASCAR legend Dale Earnhardt 's long career .
Drag racing legend John Force debuts
short track legend Dick Trickle debuts , going on to win a record 1,200 races .
NASCAR legend Terry Labonte makes their debut
South America
The Brazilian Grand Prix is first held .
Europe
The World Rally Championship is established
The BMW 3-Series is introduced
The Swedish Grand Prix debuts in 1973 and lasts for only six years .
Famous racing team Brumos Porsche is founded
F1 legend Niki Lauda makes their debut
Asia
The Japanese Grand Prix is first held .
The Datsun 240Z becomes successful in IMSA GT
See also
1960s in motorsport
1980s in motorsport
Cosmology is the academic discipline that seeks to understand the origin , evolution , structure , and ultimate fate of the universe . The term is also often applied to the underlying model of such a system .
Cosmology may also refer to :
Physical cosmology , the study of large-scale structures and dynamics of the universe
Philosophical cosmology , a branch of philosophy that ponders the universe
Religious cosmology , a way of explaining the origin , history , and evolution of the universe based on religious traditions
Biblical cosmology
Buddhist cosmology
Hindu cosmology
Jain cosmology
Cosmology ( album ) , 2010 album by Rolo Tomasi
Cosmology ( textbook ) , 2008 book by Steven Weinberg
Cosmology ( The Urantia Book ) , cosmological and metaphysical concept outlined in The Urantia Book
Cosmology @ Home , BOINC volunteer computing project
VTB may refer to :
VTB Bank , a Russian universal bank
VTB United League , a basketball league
VTB Arena , a planned stadium in Moscow
VTB Ice Palace , Moscow
VTB Capital , a branch of VTB Group
VTB , IATA code of Vitebsk Vostochny Airport , Belarus
Vermont Teddy Bear Company
Events in the year 1902 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
17 February – The Progressive Liberal Party , which won 89 of the 189 seats in the parliament following parliamentary elections . Voter turnout was 49.8 % .
References
1900s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
EnLightnin'ment is a compilation album by singer-songwriter Lou Christie , released by Rhino on April 25 , 1988 .
Critical reception
Lynn Van Matre of the Chicago Tribune writes , `` One of the big songs of 1966 was Christie 's `` Lightnin ' Strikes , '' which sold more than a million copies , reached the No . 1 pop single spot , and now serves as the inspiration for the play-on-words title of a new CD collection of the singer-songwriter 's vintage hits . ''
AllMusic gave the album 4½ out of a possible 5 stars .
Track listing ( 1988 LP & Cassette Tape release )
Track information and credits adapted from the album 's liner notes .
Production
Art Direction – Don Brown
Compilation – Gary Stewart , Harry Young
Design – Judy Bryan
Lacquer Cut By – Ken Perry
Photos , Liner notes – Harry Young
Project assistense – James Austin and Gary Peterson
Producers
Charles Calello ( tracks A4 , A7 , B1 to B3 , B5 , B6 ) , ( tracks 16–17 on CD )
George Goldner ( tracks A5 )
Jack Nitzsche ( tracks B4 ) , ( track 15 on CD )
Mike Duckman ( tracks B7 ) , ( track 18 on CD )
Stan Vincent ( tracks B7 ) , ( track 18 on CD )
Nick Cenci ( tracks A1 to A3 , A5 , A6 )
Bill Inglot – Compact Disc
Remastered by Bill Inglot
All the tracks on the CD were taken from absolute first generation master tapes .
References
External links
Lou Christie Official Site
Rhino Records Official Site
1988 compilation albums
albums produced by Charles Calello
albums produced by Jack Nitzsche
Rhino Entertainment compilation albums
Harimabad ( , also Romanized as Ḩarīmābād ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 284 , in 82 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Robertson County is a county located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 2,282 . Its county seat is Mount Olivet . The county is named for George Robertson , a Kentucky Congressman from 1817 to 1821 . It is Kentucky 's smallest county by both total area and population .
History
Robertson County was formed on February 11 , 1867 , from portions of Bracken County , Harrison County , Mason County and Nicholas County . It was named after George Robertson , a judge and member of Congress .
Politics
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.2 % ) is water . It is the smallest county by area in Kentucky .
Adjacent counties
Bracken County ( north )
Mason County ( northeast )
Fleming County ( southeast )
Nicholas County ( south )
Harrison County ( west )
Demographics
At the 2000 census there were 2,266 people , 866 households , and 621 families in the county , making it the least populated county in the state . The population density was . There were 1,034 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.63 % White , 0.04 % Black or African American , 0.04 % Native American , 0.22 % from other races , and 1.06 % from two or more races . 0.93 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 866 households 31.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.60 % were married couples living together , 9.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.20 % were non-families . 24.70 % of households were one person and 11.10 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.54 and the average family size was 3.00 .
The age distribution was 23.80 % under the age of 18 , 6.70 % from 18 to 24 , 27.10 % from 25 to 44 , 25.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 16.90 % 65 or older . The median age was 40 years . For every 100 females there were 94.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.50 males .
The median household income was $ 30,581 and the median family income was $ 35,521 . Males had a median income of $ 27,656 versus $ 20,476 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,404 . About 17.50 % of families and 22.20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 30.30 % of those under age 18 and 24.10 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Kentontown
Mount Olivet ( county seat )
Piqua
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Robertson County , Kentucky
References
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1867 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1867
Menna Patricia Humphreys Gallie ( 18 March 1919 – 17 June 1990 ) was a Welsh novelist and translator .
Menna Patricia Humphreys was born in Ystradgynlais , and attended Swansea University , where they met the philosopher W. B. Gallie . They were married in 1940 , and had a son and a daughter . Both were politically active , with a commitment to democratic socialism .
They are best known for their novels in the English language , and as the translator of Caradog Prichard 's Un Nos Ola Leuad , under the title Full Moon .
One reviewer commented on their `` characteristically robust humor . '' Another said `` Menna Gallie , a sort of Welsh Edna O'Brien , writes beady-eyed , bawdy-tongued entertainments calculated to stir recognition in women and discomfiture in men ( were they to read it ) . ''
Them first novel Strike for a Kingdom is `` both an engrossing detective novel and a social panorama of a small Welsh village during the 1926 General Strike '' . It was reprinted by Honno , the Welsh Women 's Press , in 2003 , with an introduction by Angela John . It was dramatised by BBC Radio 4 in 2012. by Diana Griffiths .
Man 's Desiring ( 1960 ) was described by a reviewer as a novel with `` warm and winning ways '' a gentle comedy of contrasts about a Welsh man and an English woman at a Midlands university .
The Small Mine tells the tale of a young collier 's death in an industrial accident in the same fictional village created in Strike for a Kingdom . It was dramatised for BBC Radio 4 in 2004 by Diana Griffiths .
Travels with a Duchess is the journey of a menopausal wife from Cardiff who loses their luggage en route to Yugoslavia and abandons their usual ways in favour of adventure and 'debauchery ' .
Novels
Strike for a Kingdom ( 1959 ) ( reprinted 2003 , 2011 ) ; shortlisted for Gold Dagger Award
Man 's Desiring ( 1960 )
The Small Mine ( 1962 ) ( reprinted 2003 , 2010 )
Travels with a Duchess ( 1968 ) ( reprinted 1996 , 2011 )
You 're Welcome to Ulster ! ( 1970 ) ( reprinted 2010 )
In These Promiscuous Parts ( 1974 )
References
1919 births
1990 deaths
20th-century Welsh novelists
20th-century Welsh women writers
People from Powys
Alumni of Swansea University
Anglo-Welsh novelists
Welsh crime novelists
Women mystery writers
Proletarian literature
Welsh socialists
European democratic socialists
Actin-associated LIM protein ( ALP ) , also known as PDZ and LIM domain protein 3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the PDLIM3 gene . ALP is highly expressed in cardiac and skeletal muscle , where it localizes to Z-discs and intercalated discs . ALP functions to enhance the crosslinking of actin by alpha-actinin-2 and also appears to be essential for right ventricular chamber formation and contractile function .
Structure
ALP exists primarily as two alternatively spliced variants ; a 39.2 kDa ( 364 amino acids ) protein in skeletal muscle and a 34.3 kDa ( 316 amino acids ) protein in cardiac muscle and smooth muscle . ALP has a N-terminal PDZ domain and a C-terminal LIM domain . In addition , the ALP subfamily contains a specific 34 amino acid domains named the ALP-like motif , containing protein kinase C consensus sequences . The PDZ domain of ALP binds to alpha actinin-2 , specifically to its spectrin-like repeats . The PDZ domain is a motif composed of 80-120 amino acids with conserved four residue GLGF sequences that typically interact with C-termini of cytoskeletal proteins . The region of heterogeneity in the two isoforms is between the PDZ domain and LIM domain . ALP is localized to chromosome 4q35 . It has been shown that deletion of muscleblind-like 1 in mice can alter the splicing pattern of PDLIM3 .
Function
Studies have shown that ALP is present at the first stage of myofibrilogenesis where it is bound to alpha actinin-2 , and this association remains intact in mature myofibrils where ALP is localized to Z-discs and intercalated discs . Alpha actinin-2 is however not required for targeting ALP to Z-lines . Studies in ALP knockout mice have shown that ALP facilitates the cross-linking of actin filaments by alpha actinin-2 , and absence of ALP induces abnormal right ventricular chamber formation , dysplasia and cardiomyopathy . Further studies using right ventricular epicardial systolic strain and geometric remodeling analysis in these animals unveiled that absence of ALP diminishes right ventricular contractile function and alters the pattern of cardiac hypertrophic remodeling . Two studies using integrative genomic approaches to investigate genetic modifiers of collagen deposition or intrinsic aerobic running capacity ( ARC ) have mapped PDLIM3 to respective quantitative trait loci , suggesting that ALP may be involved in molecular networks related to these cardiac phenomena .
Clinical significance
Chromosome 4 pericentric inversion has been observed in 10 patients , with associated cardiac defects linked to terminal 4q35.1 deletions , which may affect PDLIM3 .
Interactions
ALP interacts with :
Alpha-actinin-2
Beta-catenin
References
Further reading
´ *
The Pittsburgh Kid is a 1941 American sports film directed by Jack Townley and starring Billy Conn , Jean Parker and Dick Purcell .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director John Victor Mackay .
Plot
About to fight their biggest bout , Billy Conn is upset by the death of Pop Mallory , their manager . A boxing promoter , Max Allison , who wants Billy to fight for him , uses daughter Barbara to try to sway them away from Pop 's daughter Pat Mallory , who keeps Billy under contract .
An impatient Billy dislikes the way Pat handles their career . Meanwhile , nightclub owner Joe Barton resents the interest their girl Barbara Ellison has been showing Billy , neither knowing nor carry that it 's all a ruse on their part on their father 's behalf .
Billy finally gets a title shot , thanks to Pat 's management and reporter Cliff Halliday 's enthusiastic buildup . But when an angry Barton comes to threaten Billy , a gun goes off , Barton is killed and Billy is arrested for their murder . By the time they can get released , Pat is n't there on fight night and Billy 's first round goes badly . Barbara rushes to find Pat , convincing them that they belong in Billy 's corner for good .
Cast
References
Bibliography
Ritchie , Andrew . Ethnicity , Sport , Identity : Struggles for Status . Routledge , 2004 .
External links
1941 films
1940s sports films
Films directed by Jack Townley
American boxing films
Films set in Pittsburgh
American black-and-white films
Republic Pictures films
Films scored by Paul Sawtell
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
BIAB may refer to :
Band-in-a-Box , a software package
Beijing International Art Biennale
Brewing in a bag , a type of homebrewing
Boys in a Band , a band
British and Irish Archaeological Bibliography
See also
Bīāb
Matiacoali is a department or commune of Gourma Province in north-eastern Burkina Faso . Its capital lies at the town of Matiacoali .
Towns and villages
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gourma Province
Impington Village College is a mixed secondary school and sixth form located in Impington in the English county of Cambridgeshire . The buildings of 1938/9 by Walter Gropius and Maxwell Fry are Grade I listed .
The school opened in 1939 , two weeks after the outbreak of World War II . It was the fourth Village College to be opened in Cambridgeshire . As a village college , it was originally intended to encompass all aspects of learning in the village , and included prominent space for adult education and the First Histon Scouts , who are now based in a hut on the grounds of the college .
In 1998 the school was awarded the Sportsmark by Sport England and was also granted international school status by the British Council 's central bureau for education visits and exchanges , the first of eleven schools to be designated that way . In September 1999 it built on this with a successful application to the Department of Education to become a specialist Language College . The school converted to academy status in January 2013 .
Building
Henry Morris , founder of the village college system in Cambridgeshire , employed prominent architects to design the colleges , and Impington was designed by Walter Gropius , founder of The Bauhaus School of Architecture , and their partner Maxwell Fry . It is the only example of Gropius 's work in Britain and the building is now Grade I listed building . In 2014 , the college received a £100,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund for important repair and restoration works to the listed part of the site . Work began in the August of that year .
House system
Starting in the 2014/15 academic year , the college introduced a house system for pastoral care in years 7–11 . These houses were named after Helen Keller , Rosa Parks , Alan Turing and Raoul Wallenberg . The following year , a vertical tutoring system began , based around these houses .
Impington International College
Impington Village College has an international sixth form , educating pupils aged 16–19 from a mix of nations and cultures . The sixth form offers both A Levels and the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme . It also offers its own course called 'Ideal ' which is for students with learning difficulties and teaches them essential life skills , as well as some basic qualifications . Impington has also offered an extra year for year 13 performance students , helping them apply for drama school and audition for companies .
Ofsted intervention
Impington was operating a two year Key Stage 3 , where pupils are required to experience 'broad and balanced curriculum ' , and spending three years training for the GCSE examinations .
During a Section 8 inspection in November 2019 , Ofsted informed them that it was not possible to be considered for the 'Outstanding ' grade using such a model . This has had consequences for other schools and academies across the country .
Notable former pupils
Lew Adams , trade union leader
Liz Barker , television presenter
Ken Cheng , comedian
Alicia Kearns , Conservative MP
Tim Key , comedian
Carlton Morris , footballer
References
External links
Impington Village College official website
Grade I listed buildings in Cambridgeshire
Walter Gropius buildings
Secondary schools in Cambridgeshire
Educational institutions established in 1939
1939 establishments in England
International Baccalaureate schools in England
Academies in Cambridgeshire
Dare to Dream is a 2005 sports documentary about the United States women 's national soccer team . It describes the pivotal roles of Brandi Chastain , Mia Hamm , Julie Foudy , Kristine Lilly , and Joy Fawcett in the development of the team . These athletes also give interviews for the film . It was created by the `` Peabody Award-winning creative team at HBO Sports '' and `` follows the 18-year journey of the U.S. women 's soccer team from obscurity in the late 1980s to its second Olympic gold match in 2004 . '' The DVD of the film was released on 19 September 2007 .
Awards
2006 Billie Award in Entertainment
Notes
External links
Official Site
Cover girl runs with the ball - San Francisco Chronicle
Fab Five Steps Off the Field and Onto the TV Screen - The New York Times
On the Cover - The New York Times
HBO documentary features Hamm , U.S. women 's soccer team
2005 television films
2005 films
HBO Sports
History of the United States women 's national soccer team
Soccer on United States television
HBO documentary films
Documentary films about women 's association football
2000s American films
Utako Hanazono ( January 1905 – 1982 ) was a Japanese writer , modern dancer , geisha and a Japanese traditional dance master by the name of Tamae Hanazono at their later years .
Biography
Hanazono was born in January 1905 , educated at the Tokyo Women 's Pharmaceutical School ( a predecessor to Meiji Pharmaceutical University ) , and started working as a clerk at a pharmaceutical company before joining a leftist theater led by Shunkichi Kurose , their future husband . Hanazono 's real name by marriage was who practiced then top notch modern dance at that troop , and joined a burlesque studio in Asakusa . It was in Shinbashi where Hanazono started as a geisha , soon to become popular as a modern geisha , a person with the background of modern dance . While they were hired at a geisha dispatch house under an indentured contract , Hanazono stayed with that house even after their tenure had expired .
They publicly criticized the Japanese government in the 1920s and 1930s for preventing geisha to take on other professions in order to earn a living . In their book `` Geigitsū '' Hanazono annoyed leading women 's right activists Fukuda Hideko as well as Wakamatsu Shizuko by pointing out that many geisha were forced to turn to sex work in order to survive because of this law . They also challenged the social discrimination faced by geisha due to ancient social traditions and customs that they were still required to observe , including customary indentured servitude which had been bound with advance debt contracts .
As a renowned book collector for the theme of geigi , Hanazono joined the Meiji Culture Study Group [ ja ] as an enthusiastic fan of the leader Sakuzō Yoshino , while exchanging views with another bibliophile Shōzō Saitō [ ja ] . Hanazono remarried with Iruru Hirai , aka Iruru Masaoka , in 1941 , a researcher on traditional Japanese entertainment including rakugo and yose Japanese vaudeville .
In their latter years , they founded their own school of Hanazono of traditional Japanese dance , named themselves their first Iemoto or the headmaster , with the name of Tamae Hanazono .
Hanazono wrote works about women 's rights , criticizing Japan 's patriarchal society , and studied modern dance .
Bibliography
`` Geigitsū '' , Tōkyō : Shiroku Shoin , 1930 . Vol.29 , Tsū Sōsho Series , .
Reprint : `` Geigitsu '' , Kora , Rumiko ; Iwami , Teruyo ( eds . ) , Yumani Shobo , 2004 . Vol.II ( Josei no mita kindai series ) , No . 4 , Josei to rodo . , .
`` Onna kara ningen e — Josei bunka kenkyū shiryō ichiran '' [ From Woman to Human-being : List of Materials on Women 's Culture Research ] , Tokyo : Ōsawa Tadashi , 1931 .
Notes
References
1905 births
1982 deaths
20th-century Japanese women writers
Geishas
Japanese female dancers
Japanese women 's rights activists
Modern dancers
The term ozogamicin in the names of monoclonal antibodies or antibody-drug conjugates indicates that they are linked to a cytotoxic agent from the class of calicheamicins .
See also
Gemtuzumab ozogamicin
Inotuzumab ozogamicin
References
Antibodies
Antibody-drug conjugates
Litmanen is a Finnish surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Jari Litmanen ( born 1971 ) , Finnish footballer , son of Olavi
Olavi Litmanen ( born 1945 ) , Finnish footballer
Finnish-language surnames
Carenum devisii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by William John Macleay in 1883 .
References
devisii
Beetles described in 1883
The Kingdom is the eighth studio album by English rock band Bush . It was originally scheduled to be released in May 2020 but it was later pushed back to a release date of 17 July 2020 . The band released two singles prior to the album , the first being `` Bullet Holes '' which was released in May 2019 and featured in the film John Wick : Chapter 3 – Parabellum , and the second single off the album was `` Flowers on a Grave '' and was released one year later in March 2020 .
Background and title of album
In May 2019 , Bush set The Mind Plays Tricks on You as the title of their new studio album , tentatively due in fall 2019 .
Recorded in Los Angeles , The Kingdom was the first Bush album on which Robin Goodridge did not perform , who had played as the drummer for the band since 1993 .
Content
Gavin Rossdale remarked in May 2018 that the next Bush album would contain `` heavier '' songs written from an `` angrier perspective '' .
The Upcoming opined that Bush brought `` electronic-laced alternative rock '' to the new record , comparable to their previous effort Black and White Rainbows . To contrast , Kerrang ! detailed that The Kingdom presented `` a far heavier , more riff-based and muscular approach '' that its 2017 predecessor . Rolling Stone Magazine opined The Kingdom to be a grunge effort , akin to the band 's earliest work .
The Kingdom detailed many personal narratives in its lyrics . `` Send in the Clowns '' chronicled feelings of being misunderstood , `` Crossroads '' recounted taking decisions in life , while `` Falling Away '' narrated a feeling of personal freedom . Rossdale remarked in an interview with LouderSound that `` Our Time Will Come '' relayed `` looking through anything bleak in your life and realising that amazing things are happening and amazing things will come '' .
Reception
The Kingdom received an aggregate score of 57/100 from Metacritic suggesting `` mixed or average reviews .
Neil Z. Yeung of AllMusic was heavily lauding of The Kingdom , declaring it `` an absolute bounty of riffs '' and to `` recall the best '' of past releases such as Golden State and The Science of Things .
Macie Bennett of American Songwriter gave a positive 4-out-of-5 star review , and opined that Bush `` may have released its best yet '' with The Kingdom .
British publication Entertainment Focus gave a highly praising review , and remarked that the record saw Bush `` creating some of the most interesting , and diverse , music in the rock genre right now '' , and that it was an `` addictive record '' that should `` see the band 's popularity soar again '' .
A review by Paul Travers for Kerrang ! was strongly positive , hailing The Kingdom `` a return to Bush 's glory days '' .
Rolling Stone 's Kory Grow gave mostly negative feedback , detailing that the songs `` trudge through the same monochromatic grunge '' of earlier releases . Grow further dismissed the record 's music as derivative , commenting that the single `` Bullet Holes '' `` musically , rips off U2 's “ Bullet the Blue Sky ” '' .
Track listing
Tracks written by Gavin Rossdale unless otherwise noted .
Personnel
Gavin Rossdale – lead vocals , rhythm guitar
Chris Traynor – lead guitar , backing vocals
Corey Britz – bass guitar , backing vocals
Gil Sharone - drums ( all tracks except “ The Kingdom ” & “ Flowers on a Grave ” )
Nik Hughes – drums
Charts
See also
List of 2020 albums
References
2020 albums
Bush ( British band ) albums
BMG Rights Management albums
Sine Merrild Bundgaard , born 15 January 1970 in Aarhus , is a Danish soprano . Educated at the Royal Danish Academy of Music and the Danish Opera Academy , they debuted in 1999 at the Royal Danish Theatre in the role of Barbarina in Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro . They have appeared in many European opera houses , including the Paris Opera , the Bavarian State Opera ( Munich ) and the Drottningholm Palace Theatre ( Stockholm ) .
They were hired as an opera soloist at the Royal Danish Theatre in 2009 and has since , among other roles , appeared as Michaëla in Georges Bizet 's Carmen , Pamina in The Magic Flute , the title role in Alban Berg 's Lulu , Juliette in Charles Gounod 's Roméo et Juliette , Nedda in Ruggero Leoncavallo 's Pagliacci and Donna Elvira in Mozart 's Don Giovanni .
Awards
In 2004 the Danish Broadcasting Corporation chose them as its artist of the year . In 2005 they received the Aksel Schiøtz prize , and in 2006 the Elisabeth Dons memorial award . In 2011 they were nominated for the Reumert prize for their singing performances in Lulu and in Roméo et Juliette , and in 2013 they were recognized as a Knight of the Dannebrog .
References
External links
Sine Bundgaard - soprano ( website )
Libera me , Verdi requiem ( audio file )
1970 births
Living people
Danish opera singers
21st-century Danish singers
This is the list of cathedrals in Belgium sorted by denomination .
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Belgium :
Cathedral of Our Lady in Antwerp
Abbatial Cathedral of St. James in Coudenberg , Brussels ( of the Military Ordinariate of Belgium )
Cathedral of the Saviour and St. Donat in Bruges
St Bavo Cathedral in Ghent
St. Quentin Cathedral in Hasselt
Cathedral of St. Paul in Liège
Cathedral of St. Rombald in Mechelen
Co-Cathedral of St. Michael and St. Gudula in Brussels
Cathedral of St. Alban in Namur
Cathedral of Our Lady of Tournai in Tournai
Anglican
Church of England Cathedrals in Belgium :
Holy Trinity Pro-Cathedral in Brussels
Eastern Orthodox
Russian Orthodox Cathedrals in Belgium :
The Cathedral Church of St. Nicholas in Brussels
Greek Orthodox ( Patriarchate of Constantinople ) Cathedrals in Belgium :
Cathedral of the Holy Archangels Michael and Gabriel in Brussels
See also
List of cathedrals
References
Belgium
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Under case number G 3/08 , the Enlarged Board of Appeal of the EPO issued on May 12 , 2010 an opinion in response to questions referred to it by the President of the European Patent Office ( EPO ) , Alison Brimelow , on October 22 , 2008 . The questions subject of the referral related to the patentability of programs for computers under the European Patent Convention ( EPC ) and were , according to the President of the EPO , of fundamental importance as they related to the definition of `` the limits of patentability in the field of computing . '' In a 55-page long opinion , the Enlarged Board of Appeal considered the referral to be inadmissible because no divergent decisions had been identified in the referral .
The referral had been quoted as relating to the `` deeply contentious question about how to assess the patentability of software-related inventions '' . Alison Brimelow had been reported to have been considering referring the issue to the Enlarged Board of Appeal for almost two years .
Some amicus curiae briefs had anticipated that the referral would be considered inadmissible under the legal provisions of the EPC , and in particular .
Background
In addition to the Boards of Appeal before which decisions of the first instances of the EPO can be contested , the EPO includes an Enlarged Board of Appeal . This board does not constitute an additional level of jurisdiction in the classical sense . This instance takes decisions only when the case law of the Boards of Appeal becomes inconsistent or when an important point of law arises . Its purpose is `` to ensure uniform application of the law '' and to clarify or interpret important points of law in relation to the European Patent Convention . Only the Boards of Appeal themselves and the President of the EPO can refer a question to the Enlarged Board of Appeal . In the first case , the Enlarged Board issues a decision , while in the latter case it issues an opinion . G 3/08 is a referral of the President of the EPO under .
Under , the patentability of programs for computers is excluded . However , provides that this exclusion only applies to the extent to which a European patent application or European patent relates to such programs for computers `` as such '' . The interpretation of the exclusion , including the words `` as such '' , have caused applicants , attorneys , examiners , and judges a great deal of difficulty since the EPC came into force in 1978 . An interpretation , which is followed by the Boards of Appeal of the EPO , is that an invention is patentable if it provides a new and non-obvious technical solution to a technical problem .
Referrals to the Enlarged Board of Appeal are said to be rare , happening only with the most complex questions . The patentability of software has provoked fierce debate in Europe over the recent years , especially in relation to the proposed European Union ( EU ) directive on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions . The directive was rejected in 2005 by the European Parliament , a decision that was welcomed by those on both sides of the debate , by those supporting the patentability of software in Europe and those opposing it .
Questions
Four questions have been referred by the President of the EPO to the Enlarged Board of Appeal . The four questions have been chosen to look at four different aspects of patentability in the field of computer programs .
Question 1 : Claim category
A divergence between decisions T 1173/97 , making no distinction between categories of claims , especially between computer-implemented claims and computer program claims , and T 424/03 , making a distinction between these two categories , is cited as justifying this question .
Question 2 : Claim as a whole
A divergence between decisions T 1173/97 and T 258/03 is cited as justifying this question . Under T 1173/97 , computer programs are methods , and in order to have a technical character computer programs must demonstrate a further technical effect ( which goes beyond the `` normal '' physical interactions between program ( software ) and computer ( hardware ) ) . Under T 258/03 , a method acquires a technical character simply by involving technical means .
Question 3 : Individual features of a claim
A divergence between , on the one hand , decisions T 163/85 and T 190/94 , according to which a technical effect on a physical entity in the real world is required ( to escape the exclusion under Article 52 ( 2 ) ( c ) and ( 3 ) ) , and , on the other hand , T 125/01 and T 424/03 , according to which the technical effects can be essentially confined to the respective computer programs , is cited as justifying this question .
Question 4 : The activity of programming
A divergence between decisions considering that a programmer 's activity , i.e . writing computer programs , falls within the exclusions of Article 52 ( 2 ) ( c ) ( T 833/91 , T 204/93 , and T 769/92 ) and decisions having taken the opposite view ( T 1177/97 and T 172/03 ) is cited as justifying the question .
Statements by third parties ( Amicus curiae briefs )
On November 11 , 2008 , the Enlarged Board of Appeal decided to announce in the Official Journal of the EPO `` further provisions concerning statements by third parties on the points of law concerning the patentability of programs for computers referred to it by the President of the European Patent Office '' . The expected announcement was made in the Official Journal of January 2009 . Namely , any written statements , i.e . amicus curiae briefs , had to be filed by the end of April 2009 .
Around a hundred amicus curiae briefs have been submitted , including briefs by Accenture , the Association for Competitive Technology ( ACT ) , the American Intellectual Property Law Association ( AIPLA ) , the International Association for the Protection of Industrial Property ( AIPPI ) , Apple Inc. , BT , BUSINESSEUROPE , Canonical Group Ltd , the Computer & Communication Industry Association ( CCIA ) , Chartered Institute of Patent Attorneys ( CIPA ) , the Computing Technology Industry Association ( CompTIA ) , DIGITALEUROPE , Ericsson , the European Patent Institute ( epi ) , the Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure ( FFII ) , the Free Software Foundation Europe ( FSFE ) , the International Federation of Intellectual Property Attorneys ( FICPI ) , France Télécom , IBM , the Irish Free Software Organisation ( IFSO ) , ITechLaw , the Japan Intellectual Property Association ( JIPA ) , Prof. Donald Knuth , Licensing Executives Society International ( LESI ) , Microsoft Corporation and General Electric Company , Philips , the Pirate Party , Pitney Bowes , the Polish Patent Office , Red Hat , SAP , Siemens , Prof. Joseph Straus , the UNION of European Practitioners in Industrial Property , and the United Kingdom .
Reception to the referral and further developments
According to the New York Times , the referral had been welcomed `` by lawyers and software engineers alike '' .
After the referral , the England and Wales Court of Appeal did not give the UK Intellectual Property Office ( UK-IPO ) leave to appeal to the House of Lords regarding the Symbian 's Patent Application case , `` because in its view it would be premature for the House of Lords to decide what computer programs are patentable before the issue has been considered by the Enlarged Board of Appeal of the [ EPO ] . ''
Interlocutory decision of 16 October 2009
In an interlocutory decision of 16 October 2009 , the Enlarged Board of Appeal dealt with an objection of partiality raised in an amicus brief . The objection of partiality was against a particular member of the Board , Dai Rees , and against the Board as a whole . The Enlarged Board of Appeal concluded that there was `` no reason to exclude Mr Rees from its composition in case G 3/08 or to replace further members . '' The original composition of the Board therefore remained unchanged .
Opinion
The reasons for the opinion first address the admissibility of the referral . After considering that the President of the EPO had not forfeited their right to a referral because the preceding President , Alain Pompidou , had declined in 2007 to refer questions to the Enlarged Board Appeal ( when suggested doing so by British judge Lord Justice Jacob ) , the Board considered the referred questions to be undoubtedly of fundamental importance under . The Board goes on by writing that the president 's right of referral to the Enlarged Board does not extend to means of replacing Board of Appeal rulings with the decision of a putatively higher instance , as / does not constitute a further instance ranking above the Boards of Appeal within the EPC judicial system . According to the Board , `` [ the EPO 's Boards of Appeal ] are ... assigned interpretative supremacy with regard to the EPC in terms of its scope of application '' . The notion of `` legal development '' and its normal character are also addressed , in the context of the reference to `` different decisions '' in , a requirement considered crucial for the referral to be admissible . The Board then concludes its `` fundamental considerations on the interpretation of Article 112 ( 1 ) ( b ) EPC '' ( before considering the questions of the referral themselves ) as follows :
`` the President [ of the European Patent Office ] has no right of referral under Article 112 ( 1 ) ( b ) EPC simply in order to intervene , on whatever grounds , in mere legal development if on an interpretation of the notion of `` different decisions '' in the sense of conflicting decisions there is no need for correction to establish legal certainty . ''
Reactions
Justine Pila argued that the basis for this decision is an interpretation of Article 112 ( 1 ) ( b ) that is inconsistent with the principles of Articles 31 and 33 of the Vienna Convention , and that it offends the constitutional principles from which it was expressly derived . Namely they criticize that the Boards ' approach
suffers from the same faulty logic for which the EBA criticized the President 's referral ,
lacks doctrinal and theoretical coherence , and
is incapable of producing legal certainty , either within the EPC or national ( European ) patent systems .
They concluded by criticizing the opinion , stating notably that `` the EBA [ had ] rendered a decision that is higher on democratic language than democratic content '' and that `` the only hope is for the European or national Legislatures to recognize that “ judiciary-driven legal development ” within the EPO has indeed met its limits '' .
See also
List of decisions and opinions of the Enlarged Board of Appeal of the EPO
List of decisions of the EPO Boards of Appeal relating to Article 52 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) EPC
G 1/19 , pending referral dealing with the patentability of computer-implemented simulations
References and notes
Further reading
Swen Kiesewetter-Köbinger , `` Anmerkungen zu neuesten Softwarepatententscheidungen EPA G_3/08 und BGH , Beschl . v. 22 . April 2010 – Dynamische Dokumentengenerierung '' , GB - Der Grüne Bote , July 2010 , pp . 201–206 .
Reinier B. Bakels , 'Software Patentability : What Are the Right Questions ? ' , 31 EIPR 2009 , p. 514-522 .
External links
Complete file , including the referral from the President of the EPO and the opinion of the Enlarged Board of Appeal
Referral as published in the Official Journal of the EPO : Referral by the President of the European Patent Office to the Enlarged Board of Appeal dated 23 October 2008 regarding divergent decisions of two boards of appeal , OJ EPO 3/2009 , pp . 142–166
G3/08 : amicus curiae briefs
Opinion of the Enlarged Board of Appeal ( G 3/08 ) , EPO website
Enlarged Board 's area of the EPO website ( to use the Enlarged Board of Appeal 's own words , in G 3/08 , Summary of the proceedings , II . 1 )
Software patent case law
G 2008 3
2008 in case law
2008 in Europe
The La Salle Explorers football team was an American football team representing La Salle University . The team competed in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference ( MAAC ) football league at the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision level ( formerly I-AA ) .
History
The football program existed from 1931 to 1941 , until the start of World War II . The war reduced the number of male students at the university , so the football program ended in 1941 . It was revived in 1997 and joined the MAAC football league in 1999 .
At the end of the 2007 Football season , in which the team finished 0–10 , it was announced that La Salle would again be discontinuing the Football program . The MAAC football league also dissolved soon thereafter .
In November 2009 , the university settled a $ 7.5 million lawsuit with a football player who suffered a severe brain injury in a 2005 game .
Honors
Two La Salle football players , Mike Mandarino and George Somers , played in the National Football League ( NFL ) . The team had one undefeated season in 1934 ( 7–0–1 ) and former head coach Bill Manlove is a member of the College Football Hall of Fame .
Yearly records
References
1931 establishments in Pennsylvania
2007 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
American football teams established in 1931
American football teams disestablished in 2007
The 1968 Barking Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Barking London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
This election was the second local election since the borough was formed in 1964 . Thus , incumbent councillors were seeking re-election for the first time .
Labour was the only party that ran a full slate of candidates .
Results
Despite the Conservatives winning 13 additional councillors , the Labour Party maintained control electing 32 councillors to the Conservatives 13 and Resident Association 4 .
Results by ward
Abbey
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Fanshaw
Gascoigne
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
River
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1968 and 1971
There were no by-elections .
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
The 1998 Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council in England . This election was held on the same day as other local elections .
After the election , the composition of the council was :
Election results
Overall election result
Overall result compared with 1996 .
Ward results
Bebington
Bidston
Birkenhead
Bromborough
Clatterbridge
Claughton
Eastham
Egerton
Heswall
Hoylake
Leasowe
Liscard
Moreton
New Brighton
Oxton
Prenton
Royden
Seacombe
Thurstaston
Tranmere
Upton
Wallasey
Changes between 1998 and 1999
Notes
• italics denote the sitting councillor • bold denotes the winning candidate
References
1998 English local elections
1998
1990s in Merseyside
The Italy national short track team represents Italy in International short track competitions such as Olympic Games or World Short Track Speed Skating Championships and World Short Track Speed Skating Team Championships .
Olympic Games
World Team Championships
World Championships
Medallists
See also
Short track speed skating at the Winter Olympics
References
External links
Short Track Speed Skating World Championships – Team – Men – Updated to Nobeyama 2001
Short Track Speed Skating World Championships – Relay – Men – Updated to Jeonju City 2001
Short track
Italy
Post Secondary Enrollment Options ( PSEO ) is an academic option open to high school seniors , juniors and sophomores in various US states , such as Minnesota , Ohio and Washington . The options allow students to take courses at the college level . It is possible for a student to graduate with both an associate 's degree and a high school diploma at the same time via PSEO . The PSEO program was created in 1985 by Minnesota , and later adopted by Ohio 's Department of Education PSEO enables 10th , 11th , and 12th grade students to fulfill their high school graduation requirements while earning college credit at Minnesota colleges and universities ! People for PSEO exists to promote , defend , and expand opportunities for PSEO students . As well an organization called People For PSEO works on making PSEO more accessible for students and promotes awareness of the program . People for PSEO is a nonprofit organization that promotes the Minnesota PSEO program to break poverty cycles , close education disparity gaps , and reduce student debt . We accomplish this by helping communities learn about PSEO , by lowering barriers to access the program , and by ensuring that students succeed while they are in the PSEO program .
.
Minnesota
In Minnesota , tuition , books and fees are free for PSEO students . Qualifying high school juniors and seniors are allowed to participate in PSEO Courses full or part time . Tenth graders may take one career-technical PSEO course . If they earn at least a `` C '' , they make additional career-technical courses . High school juniors and seniors may take career and technical as well as academic courses .
Admissions requirements for PSEO students vary among institutions . The Finishing Trade Institute , created by a group of businesspeople and unions , has no admissions requirements beyond an interest in learning about finishing trades , like glazing and a willingness to attend regularly .
The Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system requires tenth graders to pass the state 's required 8th grade math test or an equivalent test , as well as to pass the Accuplacer test that the system uses . The Minnesota state system also generally requires juniors to be in the top one-third of their class to be in PSEO or to `` score at or above the 70th percentile on a nationally standardized , norm-referenced test . '' Seniors are required to be in the top half of their class , or to `` score at or above the 50th percentile on a nationally standardized , norm-referenced test ; or for juniors or seniors , documentation other than that specified in Part 2 , Subpart A1 and Subpart A2 of this procedure of the student 's readiness and ability to perform college-level work as determined by the college or university . '' For 10th graders , the Minnesota State system requires that a student `` has attained a passing score on the 8th grade Minnesota Comprehensive Assessment in reading and meets any the other course prerequisites or course enrollment standards established by the college , including but not limited to assessment test scores , program admission , or other requirements ,
Minnesota also has established an `` Early College/Middle High School '' program allowing students who need additional support to participate in PSEO programs . These programs involve a partnership between a school district and a Minnesota State public two year college . They are open to students who do not meet requirements described above .
Postsecondary institutions are not allowed to charge PSEO students for tuition , textbooks or support services .
In 2004 over 17,000 Minnesota High School students took PSEO classes .
Eligible Courses and Institutions
Once a student has been accepted into PSEO they must take courses that meet their highschool graduation requirement . Postsecondary institutions are required to allow students to enroll in online PSEO courses that are consistent with Online Course Policy .
Transposition funds are available for students/family who are at or below poverty level . There is mileage reimbursement for low income students .
Ohio
In Ohio , PSEO was actually known as PSEOP , for Post Secondary Enrollment Options Program . It was enacted in 1989 for 11th and 12th graders . Then , in 1997 , the grades were expanded to include 9th and 10th graders . Because of this , the number of students in the PSEOP almost quadrupled in size , with over 12,000 students attending in 2008 . It was replaced by College Credit Plus in the 2015–16 school year . Ohio 's is similar to PSEO as it allows students in grades 7-12 to take college classes for which they receive both college and high school credits . The program has no cost associated with tuition or books but transportation may need to be arranged . The purpose of this program is to help students become college ready and gain access to college level classes .
Washington
Washington State has a program called `` Running Start , '' which was adopted by the legislature in 1990 . Juniors and seniors may attend any of 34 community colleges and several state universities , full or part time , under this program .
Activism
People for PSEO is a non-profit organization created in 2018 that advocates for the PSEO program in Minnesota . The organization arose after PSEO students in Minnesota reported discrimination from various high schools due to their statuses as PSEO students . Since its founding , the student-led organization has assisted in creating new legislation for the program and works to spread knowledge about the program to communities across the state .
In many school districts , PSEO students were denied access to school resources , events , and clubs . Additionally , students endured unequal grade weighting policies , which gave more weight to classes on high school campuses , despite being equal in content . While there has been legislative reform to correct some of these issues , bias against PSEO students by their school districts still continues . People for PSEO continues to advocate for more equitable treatment of current PSEO students , as well as expansion of the program to reach more high school students .
Legislation
PSEO legislation is a new attempt to help expand the PSEO program and allow for a better experience . Some notable changes included in the bill would be grease adjustment for college level courses as well as Summer courses offered in the Summer . Other changes include rules allowing students to continue to participate in all activities related to their high school . More changes can be found here- https : //www.revisor.mn.gov/statutes/cite/124D.09 -
References
Education in Minnesota
Education in Ohio
Education in Washington ( state )
Joan Leonardszoon Blasius ( 13 April 1639 – 6 December 1672 ) was a Dutch poet , playwright , translator and lawyer . Born near Cadzand in Oostvliet , a village now lost to the North Sea , they were the younger brother of the famous doctor Gerard Blasius .
Blasius in 1670 became director of the Amsterdam Municipal Theatre , the Amsterdamse Schouwburg , but because of this powerful position as well as the romantic nature of their works for the theatre , they incurred the enmity of the tradition oriented theatre company `` Nil volentibus arduum '' . When they put on Plautus 's Menaechmi in translation , that theatre company promptly came out with a translation of its own . Their attacks , however , were fiercely answered by Blasius ' friends , especially Thomases Asselyn .
Blasius ' work was in high repute amongst their contemporaries , but today critical opinion no longer holds it in high esteem .
Blasius died in Amsterdam . Their friends contributed to an Album amicorum for him , which included work by such prominent authors as Joost van der Vondel , Constantijn Huygens , Joannes Antonides van der Goes , Jan Vos and Jacob Westerbaen .
Poetry
Geslachtboom der Goden en Godinnen , waarachter bijgevoegde Mengeldichten ( 1661 )
Fidamants Kusjes , Minnewijsen en Bijrijmen aan Celestijne ( 1663 )
Heilige Gedachten over het avondmaal onses Heeren ( naar 't Latijn van R. Kenchenius ) met noch andere Bijbelstof ( 1665 ) [ an adaptation of Kenchenius ' poem in Latin ]
Drama
De Edelmoedige Vijanden ( a comedy after Scarron ) ( 1659 )
Lysander en Kaliste ( first part , 1660 ; reissued 1663 ; second part , 1663 )
Dubbel en Enkkel ( a comedy after Plautus ) ( 1670 )
Het Huwelijk van Oroondate en Statira ( after the French ) ( 1670 )
De Malle Wedding ( a farce after Boisrobert ) ( 1671 ) .
References
1639 births
1672 deaths
17th-century Dutch dramatists and playwrights
17th-century Dutch lawyers
17th-century Dutch poets
Dutch male poets
People from Sluis
Dutch male dramatists and playwrights
WHUD ( 100.7 FM ) is an adult contemporary music radio station licensed to Peekskill , New York , United States . The station is owned by Pamal Broadcasting and broadcasts at 50,000 watts ERP . Its transmitter facility is located in Philipstown , New York . WHUD 's studios are located on Route 52 in Beacon , New York , along with other Hudson Valley Pamal stations . WHUD is responsible for the activation of the Hudson Valley area Emergency Alert System .
History
In early 1957 , Highland Broadcasting , owner of WLNA , began petitioning the Federal Communications Commission to grant a class B FM allocation to the City of Peekskill , New York . In the petition , Highland noted that there were no class B FM allotments between Poughkeepsie and New York City , that the far flung northern suburbs were rather heavily populated , not all of the area was covered by FM signals , and it was culturally unique from New York City .
Initially , it was thought that 106.7 MHz would fit in with the stations already licensed to New York City . However , by March 1957 that frequency had already been applied for by the Riverside Church in New York City . After some frequency shuffling between the cities of New Haven , Connecticut and Waterbury , Connecticut , 100.7 MHz was allotted to Peekskill , New York on May 24 , 1957 .
WLNA-FM signed on for the first time on October 24 , 1958 as the second FM station between New York City and Albany , New York . The format was a 100 % simulcast of WLNA . During this time , the FM station 's main source of revenue was a Muzak Subcarrier .
The first major changes to the station occurred in late 1971 . On October 14 , 1971 , the call sign was changed to WHUD . In December 1971 , WHUD increased its power from 20 KW to 50 KW ERP . In February 1972 , the simulcast with WLNA ended , WHUD began broadcasting in Stereo , and launched a beautiful music format .
The Bonneville format consisted largely of instrumental covers of pop songs with some vocal standards . Some adult contemporary artists were mixed into the music rotation with one vocal track per 15 minutes under the work of Program Director ( and morning personality ) Joe O'Brien . Prior to their work at WHUD , O'Brien was one of the WMCA Good Guys and had been doing mornings on the New York City station since the early 60s .
During this early period , WHUD branded its format as Music From the Terrace , a term named for the location of WHUD 's studios on Radio Terrace , ( ) a public street in the town of Cortlandt , New York .
In 1982 , Highland Broadcasting sold WHUD and WLNA to Radio Terrace , Inc . The format remained unchanged , however , more resources were diverted away from WLNA in favor of WHUD as AM radio began to decline .
In 1986 , Joe O'Brien retired and was replaced by longtime New York City radio personality Ed Baer . Baer spent a total of 18 years broadcasting in the New York City market , also as one of the WMCA good guys then on country station WHN and later on WYNY They stayed in the morning show position until they retired for the second time in 2000 . Ed Baer was replaced by longtime news director Mike Bennett who got their start at Hudson Valley radio station WHVW in the early 1970s .
1986 was also the year that WHUD began to equal out the vocal/instrumental ratio to the point that by early 1990 it was an even split . However , the declining demographics and audience of the beautiful music format led WHUD to eliminate instrumental covers with little fanfare , evolving into a soft adult contemporary format . Throughout the first half of the 1990s , WHUD would continue evolving to a wide play list adult contemporary format .
In 1997 , WHUD was sold to Albany , New York based Pamal Broadcasting . The studios were moved from Radio Terrace to the newly reconstructed `` Broadcast Center '' on NY Route 52 , in the town of Fishkill , New York .
Programming
After the ownership transfer , Pamal altered the format with a slight recurrent lean to the play list and the addition of the Delilah show in evening time slot in spite of the same program being cleared on the Poughkeepsie-based WRNQ . This geographic loophole also led to the stations sharing a jingle package for several years . Regardless , WHUD dropped Delilah in September 2006 and replaced them with a live and local evening program called Night Rhythms hosted by Catherine Michaels . ( The Delilah program resurfaced on 106.7 WLTW two months later and continues to be heard there ) .
WHUD serves as the primary ( LP-1 ) Emergency Alert System ( EAS ) station for Westchester , Rockland , Putnam , and Orange Counties . As such it is the first media outlet in the Indian Point Nuclear Power Plant public warning system . Prior to the studio move to Fishkill , New York these duties fell to WABC ( AM ) in New York City because WHUD 's studio was located within the 10 mile Emergency Planning Zone around the Indian Point Energy Center . In July 2007 Pamal spent approximately $ 500,000 to upgrade WHUD 's transmitter site and add redundancies to its technical facility to ensure that the station could meet its public warning responsibilities .
WHUD 's signal reaches most of the Hudson Valley and the suburbs of New York City with a usable signal in much of Manhattan , Queens and especially in the Bronx . In total , WHUD 's signal reaches parts of five states . The primary target market of WHUD is Westchester and Rockland Counties plus the Mid-Hudson Valley . In all of these areas , WHUD is at or near the top of the ratings and is the highest rated Westchester County station in Nielsen 's New York City book .
For many years , WHUD played Christmas music only occasionally in the month between Thanksgiving and Christmas , going with all Holiday songs in the days leading to December 25 . Most Adult Contemporary stations in the U.S. and Canada switch to all Christmas music for part of November and most of December . In 2020 , during the COVID-19 pandemic , WHUD joined with other AC stations and played all Christmas songs from Thanksgiving to Christmas Day .
References
External links
HUD
Mainstream adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1958
1958 establishments in New York ( state )
Pamal Broadcasting
David Leaning ( 18 August 1936 – 28 July 2015 ) was an eminent Anglican priest .
Leaning was educated at Keble College , Oxford and ordained in 1961 . They were a curate in Gainsborough then held incumbencies in Warsop and Kington before becoming the Archdeacon of Newark . In 1991 they became Provost of Southwell and , when the title changed on 19 March 2000 , Dean of Southwell .
In retirement they were chaplain to the parish of St. Mary Magdalene , Bailgate , Lincoln , before moving to Chichester in their last years .
Notes
1936 births
2015 deaths
Archdeacons of Newark
Alumni of Keble College , Oxford
Provosts and Deans of Southwell
Ignaz Anton Demeter ( 1 August 1773 – 21 March 1842 ) was a Roman Catholic priest , talented as a teacher and church musician , who served as the archbishop of Freiburg im Breisgau from 1836 till their death five years later .
Life
Early years
Ignaz Anton Demeter was born at Augsburg in the summer of 1773 . Their parents , Johann Nepomuk Demeter and their wife Eleonore were master-bakers . Ignaz Anton was the eldest of approximately twelve children , although five of their siblings died before reaching their first birthdays . Their father , Johann Nepomuk Demeter was originally from Höchstädt an der Donau , across the river and then in the Duchy of Palatinate-Neuburg . Their mother was from Augsburg .
Even as a teenager Demeter composed some music . They played the violin , 'cello and , more unusually , a double reed wind instrument , the bassoon . In addition to their activities as an instrumentalist they sang as a chorister at the cathedral . Ignaz later moved on from Augsburg , but a friend and contemporary from their childhood , Anton Böhm , stayed and set up a music publishing business in the city , later dedicating a mass that they published to their childhood friend , Ignaz Demeter .
Ignaz Anton Demeter 's attended the city school in Augsburg and the Benedictine Salvator Gymnasium ( cathedral school ) . Their love of music was complemented by a love of foreign languages , for which they won a school prize . They won the prize after praying for it to the Blessed Virgin Mary , and for the rest of their life they would remember that their prayer had been heard . In 1793 , through a combination of perseverance and ability they won a place at the St. Bartholomew Institute ( Bartholomäerinstitut ) at Dillingen .
It was at Dillingen that they got to know the distinguished theologian Johann Michael Sailer , who also tutored him . Sailer 's pietist revivalism ( ) influenced them deeply . Sailer 's followers placed the gospels at the heart of their beliefs , but were nevertheless keen to avoid any form of sectarianism or separatism . Pure in heart and filled with good intentions , they nevertheless attracted persecution on various grounds , most of which had little to do with faith or belief .
It was Sailer who spotted Ignaz Demeter 's talent for teaching . The local lord of the time and place , Baron Schenk von Stauffenberg , provided a stipendium which enabled them to study for the priesthood , and three years later , slightly more than a week after their twentieth birthday , Ignaz Anton Demeter was ordained into the priesthood on 10 August 1796 . They celebrated their first mass in their home city of Augsburg .
First parishes
After this they worked as a curate in Ried , which was part of the ecclesiastical Jettingen district . Other incumbents in the district included Christoph von Schmid and Martin Boos . They , like Demeter , were admirers of Sailer , and followers of their ideas . However , the times were not yet ready for Sailer 's ideas , which were still viewed with deep suspicion , especially in the more rural areas . Also during this period Demeter embarked upon which became a lengthy correspondence with the reformer Johannes Gossner , who was another alumnus of Dillingen . The correspondence testifies to Demeter 's spiritual development and deep inner religiosity , although in the end their paths would diverge . Gossner became a Protestant in 1826 .
On 11 February 1802 , on the recommendation of their sponsor from their time at university , Baron Schenk von Stauffenberg , Demeter was presented the incumbency of Lautlingen and Margrethausen in the Swabian Jura . They moved into their new parish with their third sister , Maria Viktoria Josepha , who managed household matters for him . Lautlingen already had a school , but it operated only during the winter season because the agricultural economy of the place needed everyone working on the land through the summer . Demeter later wrote that they were the first one to introduce a structured curriculum to it . By imposing a structured approach and providing the teaching themselves Demeter achieved remarkable improvements in the standard of education . On the musical front there had been a church choir of sorts since at least as far back as 1780 , but Demeter 's background at the Augsburg cathedral school and their intense musicality enabled them to transform the standard .
Rastatt
The transformations achieved in their village parish did not go unnoticed , and in 1808 , at the instigation of Vicar General von Wessenburg , Demeter was transferred to the parish of Rastatt , where they were also made a deacon and director of the newly organised Teaching seminary , along with other education related duties . They also found time while in Rastatt to produce several school textbooks , though little trace of these remains due to the destructive chaos imposed by subsequent warfare .
Sasbach
On 29 October 1818 Demeter was moved to Sasbach . The transfer came at their own request , as a result of illness . At Sasbach they were appointed `` Definitor '' in 1819 and deacon in 1831 . A rich body of material on the time they spent in Demeter survives in the archives . A defining theme was the enthusiastic expansion of church music across the region , for which they were also successful in obtaining funding . In 1826 they were appointed by the Grand Duke a councillor of the `` Catholic Church section '' of the Interior Ministry for Baden . The appointment required them to be based in Karlsruhe , and they stayed only a year before returning to their parish at Sasbach , but there is abundant evidence in the archives that their relations with the Grand Duke remained more than cordial up till the latter 's death in 1830 .
Freiburg
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Freiburg was created only 1821 . The first archbishop , Bernhard Boll , summoned Demeter to join the Freiburg Cathedral chapter as a priest ( ) in 1833 . There followed almost immediately a foretaste of the political ructions within the chapter which would be a feature , at Freiburg , of the final nine years of Demeter 's life . Demeter moved to Freiburg accompanied by their nephew , the scholar-priest Adolf Pfister , whose support they valued . There was immediate uproar in the chapter and the local church news sheet sharply criticised the nepotism involved and Demeter 's `` nephew household '' ( ) . Keen to avoid further difficulties for Demeter , Pfister left Freiburg , returning to live with their parents , and later securing an appointment as priest at Steinhofen ( today subsumed into Bisingen ) .
As Minster priest ( ) they lost no time in updating the liturgy , which in 1833 was embellished with large amounts of flowery and sugary syntax , of which they purged it . Demeter had no academic training as a liturgical scholar , but they were a natural musician and a committed pastor with their body and soul . Within a year this sixty year old rural outsider had completely reworked the cathedral liturgy . Unsurprisingly their changes encountered stiff opposition from some of their fellow cathedral clerics . Demeter fought their corner , and when they warned against clerical egotism ( ) they probably had a point .
Archbishop Boll died in March 1836 . The cathedral chapter had several candidates in mind to succeed them including , notably , Hermann von Vicari . Ignaz Anton Demeter themselves had no wish to put their own forward . However , with no consensus forming round any of the existing candidates , Demeter was urged to stand for election by the secular authorities who strongly and repeatedly endorsed their candidature through a succession of elections . Eventually , on 11 May 1836 , Ignaz Anton Demeter received the overall majority of votes required and was elected archbishop of Freiburg .
For their motto Demeter chose the somewhat portentous assertion `` This will be the hour that brings me closer to death '' ( ) . Their incumbency as archbishop was characterised by strife .
References
Archbishops of Freiburg
Roman Catholic archbishops in the Grand Duchy of Baden
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
People from Augsburg
1773 births
1842 deaths
18th-century German Roman Catholic priests
Clergy from Bavaria
Rod Silva ( born 1972 ) is an American restaurateur . They were the nominee of the Nutrition Party , which they created for the 2016 United States presidential election .
Biography
Silva was born in Newark , New Jersey , the son of Brazilian immigrants . Silva founded the Muscle Maker Grill restaurant in 1995 to provide healthy alternatives to fast food . The fast casual chain became a franchised brand in 2007 .
In 2015 , the Muscle Maker Grill chain was acquired by an affiliate of American Restaurant Holdings Inc. At the time , the chain was reported to have 55 restaurants . Silva remained associated with the restaurant chain after the sale as director of brand development .
Silva appeared on an episode of the reality television series Undercover Boss in January 2016 , in which American Restaurant Holdings chairperson Tim Betts posed as a new employee of Muscle Maker Grill . Silva did not go undercover in the episode himself ; instead , they gave Betts advice through an earpiece .
Presidential campaign
A resident of Piscataway , New Jersey , Silva filed a statement of candidacy for President of the United States on October 20 , 2015 . According to their campaign website , their platform `` will be heavily focused on first addressing serious issues taking place at home here in America , like the increasing rates of obesity , diabetes , high blood pressure , hypertension , cholesterol and other health-related complications – all resulting from poor eating choices . ''
Silva 's presidential campaign achieved ballot status for 2016 in Colorado only . Their vice presidential running mate was their brother Richard Silva , a doctor from Fort Lauderdale , Florida . According to unofficial results released by the Colorado Secretary of State , Silva received 751 votes for president in the state .
References
External links
Rod Silva 2016 campaign website
Muscle Maker Grill official site
1970s births
Living people
Businesspeople from Newark , New Jersey
American people of Brazilian descent
American restaurateurs
Restaurant founders
People from Piscataway , New Jersey
Candidates in the 2016 United States presidential election
21st-century American politicians
Renaud Mary ( 31 July 1918 – 5 May 1977 ) was a French stage and film actor .
Filmography
References
Bibliography
Thomas C. Renzi . Jules Verne on Film : A Filmography of the Cinematic Adaptations of Their Works , 1902 Through 1997 . McFarland , 1998 .
External links
1918 births
1977 deaths
French male film actors
French male stage actors
Male actors from Bordeaux
Qaleh Vazir ( , also romanized as Qal'eh Vazīr and Qal ‘ eh-ye Vazīr ; also known as Kalāteh Vazīr and Qal ‘ eh-ye Bāzār ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 200 , in 60 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Plagiobothrys bracteatus is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name bracted popcornflower .
Distribution
It is native from Oregon throughout California into Baja California ( Mexico ) .
It can be found in a variety of wet habitats such as vernal pools and other moist spots in chaparral , forests and woodlands .
Description
Plagiobothrys bracteatus is an annual herb with a mostly upright stem 10 to 40 centimeters in length . The leaves are located along the stem , the lowest , largest ones measuring up to 10 centimeters long . The plant is coated in sparse rough hairs .
The inflorescence is a series of tiny flowers , the lower ones accompanied by leaflike bracts . Each five-lobed white corolla measures 1 to 3 millimeters wide .
The fruit is a narrow , cross-ribbed , tubercled nutlet no more than 2 millimeters long .
External links
Calflora Database : Plagiobothrys bracteatus ( Bracted popcorn flower )
Jepson Manual eFlora ( TJM2 ) treatment of Plagiobothrys bracteatus
Photo gallery
bracteatus
Flora of California
Flora of Baja California
Flora of Oregon
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Central Valley ( California )
Natural history of the San Francisco Bay Area
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Scrupariidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida .
Genera :
Brettiopsis López Gappa , 1986
Scruparia Oken , 1815
References
Bryozoan families
Narendra chaudhary ( nicknamed `` Steel Man '' ) ( ; 1968 - 12 May 2016 ) , was an Indian army Bomb defusing expert , who had defused more than over 256 bombs in their career .
Native place
They belonged to a small village Raipur in Pali district of Rajasthan . They joined Indian army early in their young age and was serving the nation till they demised on their duty , defusing another bomb .
Achievement
In their career , they defused more than 256 bombs , thus saving thousands of lives in Naxal affected areas , which are heavily mined by Naxalites . They used to walk over 50 km without water or food in the difficult terrain of central India , never in their career got ill , their friends used to call them `` Steel Man '' ( સ્ટીલ મેન ) .
Personality
When asked about weakness of Narendra Chaudhary , the Jawans said `` He had only one weakness- a cup of tea '' . Narendra Singh was so fearless that when it comes to diffuse bombs they keep whole team away from bomb and themselves took risks . Because of their such abilities they were always in Hit list of Naxalites .
References
External links
Narendra Chaudhary Who Diffused 256 Bombs Alone Is No More Alive
People from Pali district
Bomb disposal personnel
Indian Army personnel
The 2018 Oceania Rugby Women 's Championship was the second edition of the competition . It was held in Churchill Park , Lautoka , Fiji from 16 - 24 November . Samoa and Tonga joined the competition this year . Fiji successfully defended their Oceania Championship title defeating Samoa 43–12 .
Tournament
Table
Match results
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
References
2018 in women 's rugby union
2018 in Oceanian rugby union
2018 in Fijian sport
Oceania Rugby Women 's Championship
This Man is the first studio album by Canadian country rock artist Cory Marks . It was released on May 26 , 2015 through Big Star Recordings .
Background
Marks released their debut Canadian country radio single `` Smartphone '' in July 2014 . The track was one of eight tracks that they co-wrote on the album . Marks co-wrote these tracks during writing trips to Nashville between the Fall of 2012 and November 2014 . The second single to radio , `` 21 '' was released in April 2015 . The title track `` This Man '' became the third single in August 2015 , while `` Nowhere With You '' was released to radio as the fourth single in January 2016 .
Track listing
Singles
Release history
References
2015 albums
Cory Marks albums
District 38 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes portions of Clackamas and Multnomah counties . The current representative for the district is Democrat Andrea Salinas of Lake Oswego .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Clackamas County , Oregon
Multnomah County , Oregon
Chaudhry Muhammad Ijaz Virk is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from March 2008 to March 2013 .
Political career
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-83 ( Faisalabad-IX ) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . They received 37,431 votes and lost the seat to Mushtaq Ali Cheema , a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) ( PML-Q ) .
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-83 ( Faisalabad-IX ) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election . They obtained 56,910 votes and defeated Mian Abdul Manan .
In 2013 , they joined Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) ( PML-N ) after PPP refused to allot them ticket to contest in 2013 Pakistani general election .
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Aberdeen Railway Co v Blaikie Brothers ( 1854 ) 1 Paterson 394 is a UK company law case . It concerns the fiduciary duty of loyalty , and in particular , the duty not to engage in self-dealing . It laid down a basic rule that if a director had an interest in a corporate transaction , the transaction is voidable at the company 's will , and it is the duty of directors to avoid any possibility of a conflict of interest .
This case preceded the Companies Act 2006 section 177 , that requires that if directors are interested in a proposed transaction , they should merely declare that interest to the board , and section 239 which stipulates that in approving any transaction the interested director may not vote .
Facts
Blaikie Bros had a contract with Aberdeen Railway to make iron chairs at £8.50 a ton . They sued to enforce the contract . Aberdeen Railway argued they were not bound because at the time , the Chairman of their board of directors , Sir Thomas Blaikie , was the Managing Director of Blaikie Bros . Therefore , there was a conflict of interest .
This case preceded ss 40-1 of the Companies Act 2006 , which give directors unlimited capacity to bind the company with those dealing in good faith ; but if an action by a director is beyond their authority or in breach of some fiduciary obligation , then they can be made personally liable . Arguably therefore , Blaikie Bros would now have been able to enforce the contract , but Aberdeen could then personally sue the directors for damages flowing from any loss .
Judgment
Lord Cranworth L.C . held that Aberdeen was not bound by the contract . The key points were that it `` may sometimes happen that the terms on which a trustee has dealt or attempted to deal with the estate or interest of those for whom they are a trustee , have been as good as could have been obtained from any other person - they may even at the time have been better . But still so inflexible is the rule that no inquiry on that subject is permitted . The English authorities on this head are numerous and uniform . '' Mr Blaikie 's ‘ personal interest would lead them to an entirely opposite direction , would induce them to fix the price as high as possible . This is the very evil against which the rule in question is directed , and here I see nothing whatever to prevent its application . ''
Lord Cranworth LC also stated that : `` no one , having [ fiduciary ] duties to discharge , shall be allowed to enter into engagements in which they have , or can have , a personal interest conflicting , or which possibly may conflict , with the interests of those whom they are bound to protect '' .
See also
Boulting v ACTAT [ 1963 ] 2 QB 606 , relevant to s 172 Companies Act 2006
Companies Act 1985 , Table A , Art 85 , a default rule which changes the default rule of the case to say if a director discloses the nature and extent of the interest to the board , an interested transaction will not be voidable .
s 317 Companies Act 1985 , that a director must declare their interests to the board . Failure to comply leads to a fine .
Cook v Deeks [ 1916 ] 1 AC 554
Regal ( Hastings ) Ltd v Gulliver [ 1942 ] 1 All ER 378
Industrial Development Consultants Ltd v Cooley [ 1972 ] 1 WLR 443
Island Export Finance Ltd v Umunna [ 1986 ] BCLC 460
Framlington Group plc v Anderson [ 1995 ] BCC 611
Gencor ACP Ltd v Dalby [ 2000 ] 2 BCLC 734
CMS Dolphin Ltd v Simonet [ 2001 ] 2 BCLC 704
Notes
References
R Flannigan , 'The adulteration of fiduciary doctrine in corporate law ' ( 2006 ) 122 LQR 449
United Kingdom company case law
House of Lords cases
1853 in case law
1853 in British law
Railway litigation in 1853
The Lockheed CL-1201 was a design study by Lockheed for a giant nuclear-powered transport aircraft in the late 1960s . One role envisaged was that of airborne aircraft carrier .
Design
The CL-1201 design project studied a nuclear-powered aircraft of extreme size , with a wing span of . Had it been built , it would have had the largest span of any airplane to date and more than twice that of any of the 20th century .
The wing would be of crescent form , similar to the British Handley Page Victor V-bomber , but unlike the British design it was tailless .
Power would be derived from the heat generated by a nuclear reactor and transferred to four jet engines near the rear , where it would superheat the air passing through to provide thrust . The craft would be capable of staying airborne for long periods of time . At low altitudes the jets would burn conventional aviation fuel . In order to get airborne in the first place it required 182 additional vertical lift engines .
Two variants were studied , a logistics support aircraft and an airborne aircraft carrier . There was a rumored third variant but information on that model has never been made public .
The logistics support variant would have a conventional heavy transport role , carrying hundreds of troops and their equipment to the battle zone .
The airborne aircraft carrier would have carried up to 22 fighter aircraft externally and would have an internal dock capable of handling two air-to-ground shuttle transport aircraft .
Specifications
The design specifications of the CL-1201-1-1 were : The design specifications of the CL-1201-1-3 were :
Span : 1,120 feet ( 341 meters )
Gross weight : 11.85 million pounds ( 5375 metric tonnes )
Endurance : 41 days
Reactor output : 1830 megawatts
Crew : 400-845
Tactical fighters carried ( AAC variant ) : 22
Main engines : 4
Lift engines : 182
See also
Short SB.4 Sherpa
References
External links
The Lockheed CL-1201 Flying Aircraft Carrier by Tails Through Time in the Internet Archive
The eccentric engineer : an aviation ostrich destined never to fly . The Institution of Engineering and Technology
Lockheed aircraft
Flying wings
Nuclear-powered aircraft
Cancelled military aircraft projects of the United States
Airborne aircraft carriers
Kobushi ( 拳 ) is a Japanese word for fist . It may also refer to :
Kobushi ( Transformers )
Magnolia kobus , a species of Japanese magnolia also known as the Kobushi magnolia
Kobushi ( TV series ) , a French children 's TV series .
Kobushi Factory , a Japanese girl idol group
Kobushi , a form of melisma characteristic of Enka singing .
Stephen Harding ( ) ( 106028 March 1134 ) was an English-born monk and abbot , who was one of the founders of the Cistercian Order . They are honored as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church .
Life
There is little archival evidence , yet all sources agree that Stephen was English and spent some time at the monastery of Sherborne as a young man . The main source about their youth , William of Malmesbury , states that Stephen then went to France and became friends with another Englishman , named Peter , The two made a pilgrimage to Rome , took new religious names and then went to Molesme Abbey upon returning to Burgundy , around 1085 . On their return from Rome , they also experienced the monastic traditions of the Camaldolese and Vallombrosians .
In 1098 , Stephen went to the new monastery ( soon to be known as Cîteaux ) together with Robert and Alberic , was elected abbot in 1108 , and died in 1134 .
Stephen was the third abbot of Cîteaux . Under their administration , very few novices were joining the community and the monks were suffering from hunger and sickness . In 1112 , Bernard of Clairvaux entered the community , bringing with them thirty companions .
Between 1112 and 1119 , a dozen new Cistercian houses were founded to accommodate those joining the young order . Harding 's organizational skills were exceptional ; they instituted the system of general chapters and regular visitations . In 1119 , they received official approbation for the Carta Caritatis ( Charter of Charity ) , an important document for the Cistercian Order , establishing its unifying principles . Many of their policies and decisions were influenced from their time with the Vallombrosians .
Stephen Harding served as abbot of Cîteaux for twenty-five years . While no single person is considered the founder of the Cistercian Order , the shape of Cistercian thought and its rapid growth in the 12th century were certainly due in some part to Harding 's leadership . They were the abbot who accepted Bernard of Clairvaux . Insisting on simplicity in all aspects of monastic life , Stephen encouraged the severity of Cistercian architecture and the simple beauty of the Order 's liturgy and music . They were an accomplished scribe ; their highest achievement is considered to be the Harding Bible . In 1133 , they resigned as abbot because of bad eyesight . They died on 28 March 1134 .
Veneration for Stephen began in the modern era . Their feast was celebrated on 28 March until 1683 and then moved to 17 April , where it remained until the liturgical reforms following Vatican II , when it was moved back to 28 March . In a joint commemoration with Robert of Molesme and Alberic , the first two abbots of Cîteaux , the Cistercians and Benedictines today celebrate Stephen Harding 's feast day on 26 January .
References
Bibliography
Claudio Stercal , Stephen Harding : A Biographical Sketch and Texts ( Trappist , Kentucky : Cistercian Publications , 2008 ) ( Cistercian Studies Series , 226 ) .
1050s births
1134 deaths
People from Sherborne
English Cistercians
Founders of Catholic religious communities
11th-century Christian saints
12th-century Christian saints
Medieval English saints
Medieval European scribes
English Roman Catholic saints
Year of birth unknown
Cistercian abbots general
Cistercian saints
Canonizations by Pope Urban VIII
The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century is a 1980 book edited by Milena Doleželová-Velingerová , published by the University of Toronto Press . It was the first book that had been written in a Western language that chronicled fiction published in the final 15 years of the Qing Dynasty , from 1897 to 1910 .
Development
The book was created by a University of Toronto joint research seminar about late Qing fiction that began in 1971 .
Content
The front page of the November 10 , 1897 Guowen Bao , a newspaper from Tianjin , is used as the front cover of the book . In that issue , the editors of the paper , Yan Fu ( a.k.a . Yen Fu ) and Xia Zengyou , posted an announcement that the newspaper 's literary supplement was beginning .
The book includes a total of nine essays . The essays discuss critical theories and historical significance of various works . Cordell D.K . Yee 's review noted that the conventional viewpoint regarding Qing Dynasty novels was that they were `` loosely plotted , consisting of episodes simply strung together . '' Many of the authors of the pieces in this book argued that previous critics of late Qing Dynasty works , such as Lu Xun and Hu Shih , did not grasp the formal sophistication present in the works . Contributors argue that novels belong to specific organizing principles and discuss the structure of the works . They believe that the authors had a higher consciousness of structure than previous analyses had concluded .
Three essays are included in the first portion of the book . `` The Rise of 'New Fiction ' '' , by Shu-ying Tsau discusses essays by Yan Fu , Liang Qichao ( Liang Ch ' i-ch'ao ) , and other intellectuals which advocated for fiction that called for modernization , since the authors believed fiction had the ability to influence minds of people . The other essays , `` Typology of Plot Structures in Late Qing Novels '' and `` Narrative Modes in Late Qing Novels , '' were written by the book 's editor . In the first essay they discuss different plot structures in Qing Dynasty novels , including Bizarre Happenings Eyewitnessed over Two Decades by Wu Jianren ( Wu Woyao ) . Them second essay discusses three narrative modes in the novels .
Chapters about specific late Qing works make up the second half of the book . Robert E. Hegel 's review states that each essay in the second portion `` breaks new ground by presenting in English an intelligent discussion either of a previously overlooked work or of a new approach to one better known '' . After the editor , Donald Holoch is the second largest contributor to the work . Their essay , `` A Novel of Setting : The Bureaucrats '' , concerns Li Baojia 's ( Li Boyuan ) Officialdom Unmasked , and their `` The Travels of Laocan : Allegorical Narrative '' concerns The Travels of Lao Can by Liu E ( Liu O ) . Next is Gilbert Chu Fu Fong , `` Time in Nine Murders : Western Influence and Domestic Tradition '' about Jiuming Qiyuan by Wu Jianren , followed by Michael Egan , `` Characterization in Sea of Woe '' concerning Henhai ( `` Sea of Woe '' ) , also by Wu Jianren . Peter Li wrote `` The Dramatic Structure of Niehai Hua '' about Niehai Hua by Jin Tianhe and Zeng Pu . Jean Duval wrote The Nine-Tailed Turtle : Pornography or 'Fiction of Exposure ' '' about The Nine-Tailed Turtle by ( T : 張春帆 , S : 张春帆 , Pinyin : Zhāng Chūnfān , Wade-Giles : Chang Ch'un-fan ) .
The book includes illustrations of the covers of several works . They include a 1903 issue of Xiuxiang xiaoshuo ( T : 繡像小說 , S : 绣像小说 , P : Xiùxiàng xiǎoshuō , W : Hsiu-hsiang Hsiao-shuo ; `` Illustrated Fiction '' or `` Fiction Illustrated '' ) , the first edition of the novel Wenming Xiaoshi by Li Baojia , and the cover of Hen hai . The book concludes with biographies of five novelists from the late Qing era with sources cited , a bibliography of materials in Chinese history and literary theory related to fiction in the late Qing era , and a glossary covering names , titles , and terms .
Reception
W. L. Idema wrote in T'oung Pao that the book is `` beautifully executed , befitting the quality of its contents . '' Yin C. Liu wrote in Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies that `` Altogether this book is an interesting and worthy addition to the reference shelf . '' Liu argued that `` The scholarliness and thoughtfulness of the editor [ ... ] permeates the whole book , and in particular , their own contributions '' . Robert E. Hegel wrote that the editor `` has extended a much needed and very welcome 'boost up ' to the study of late Qing fiction and has helped to demonstrate something of the literary treasures to be found there . '' Bruce Doar wrote that the `` handsomely packaged collection of studies '' had an `` excellent bibliography '' and `` high quality illustrations '' and that it was `` an indispensable reference work not only for students of late Qing literature but 20th century Chinese literature in general . ''
Richard John Lynn in Pacific Affairs argued that the editor correctly stated that traditional times had major evolutionary processes that lead to the modern period but that the editor and the authors had not `` realized the full extent of this interaction and influence '' and that they believed they did not `` entirely emancipated themselves from the limitations of May Fourth iconoclasm . '' Lynn argued that even with their critiques , `` there is no doubt that this is a very significant contribution to the study of Chinese fiction '' and they praised the editor and authors for `` presenting a new and challenging look at the premodern-modern watershed in Chinese literary history '' .
Cordell D. K. Yee in Journal of Asian Studies argued that the essays had `` various degrees of persuasiveness '' . Yee argued that `` the hypothesis that Late Qing novels exerted as great an influence on May Fourth fiction as Western works did await further proof . '' They also stated that seven of the nine articles `` generally do not challenge the received interpretations ( from critics like A Ying , Lu Xun , and Hu Shih ) of late Qing fiction as `` novels of exposure '' ( qianze xiaoshuo ) , which depict political and social decay . '' Yee concluded that the work was `` a useful beginning '' for examining late Qing fiction .
See also
Fin-de-Siècle Splendor
References
Doar , Bruce . `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . The Australian Journal of Chinese Affairs , , 01/1982 , Issue 7 , pp . 199 – 201 ( Available on JSTOR )
Hegel , Robert E. `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . Chinese Literature : Essays , Articles , Reviews ( CLEAR ) , , 07/1983 , Volume 5 , Issue 1/2 , pp . 188 – 191
Idema , W. L. `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . T'oung Pao , , 01/1982 , Volume 68 , Issue 4/5 , pp . 352 – 355
Liu , Yin C. `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London , , 01/1983 , Volume 46 , Issue 1 , p. 183 - DOI 10.1017/S0041977X00077909
Lynn , Richard John . `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . Pacific Affairs , , 10/1983 , Volume 56 , Issue 3 , pp . 542 – 543 . - DOI 10.2307/2758214
`` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . Poetics Today , , 10/1982 , Volume 3 , Issue 4 , p. 191
Yee , Cordell D. K. `` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . Journal of Asian Studies , , 05/1982 , Volume 41 , Issue 3 , p. 574 - DOI 10.2307/2055256
Notes
Further reading
`` The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century '' ( book review ) . The Journal of Asian Studies , , 05/1982 , Volume 41 , Issue 3 , pp . 574 – 575
1980 non-fiction books
University of Toronto
Essay anthologies
Essays about literature
Canadian essays
Frank Helmick is a retired United States Army lieutenant general . They are the former commanding general of the XVIII Airborne Corps . From February to December 2011 , they additionally served as the deputy commanding general for operations , United States Forces – Iraq . Prior to assuming command of the XVIII Airborne Corps , LTG Helmick commanded the Multi-National Security Transition Command - Iraq along with the NATO Training Mission-Iraq from July 3 , 2008 to October 7 , 2009 .
Helmick has held numerous command and senior staff positions . They have commanded and served in many units in both operational and training commands : Commander 3rd Battalion , 504th Parachute Infantry Regiment , 82nd Airborne Division , Fort Bragg , North Carolina ; Commander Ranger Training Brigade , Fort Benning , Georgia ; Assistant Division Commander 101st Airborne Division ( Air Assault ) , Fort Campbell , Kentucky ; Commander of the Southern European Task Force ( Airborne ) , Vicenza , Italy .
Their staff assignments include service in the 82nd Airborne Division , the Joint Staff , and the Office of the Secretary of Defense where they served as the Senior Military Advisor to the Deputy Secretary of Defense .
Career
Iraq War
Helmick was the commander who led the attack in Mosul that killed Uday and Qusay Hussein , Saddam Hussein 's sons .
On August 24 , 2008 Helmick survived a suicide bombing of the MRAP vehicle they were riding in near Forward Operating Base Marez in Mosul . The suicide car bomb attack killed the attacker and damaged the International MaxxPro Plus vehicle , but Helmick , Brigadier General Raymond `` Tony '' Thomas , an Iraqi general and others inside the vehicle were not seriously injured .
Personal life
Helmick has attended a variety of military schools including the United States Military Academy , Infantry Officer Basic Course , the Armor Officer Advanced Course , the Naval Postgraduate School , the United States Armed Forces Staff Course at the Armed Forces Staff College , and the United States Army War College .
Awards and decorations
Assignments
Effective dates of promotion
See also
Helmick 's official Facebook page
References
1953 births
Living people
United States Army generals
United States Army personnel of the Iraq War
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal ( US Army )
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
The 2005 UAW-GM Quality 500 was the stock car racing race of the 2005 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series season , the fifth race of the 2005 Chase for the Nextel Cup , and the 46th iteration of the event . The race was held on Saturday , October 15 , 2005 , before a crowd of 165,000 in Concord , North Carolina , at Lowe 's Motor Speedway , a 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) permanent quad-oval . The race was extended from its scheduled 334 laps to 336 laps due to a green–white–checker finish . At race 's end , Jimmie Johnson of Hendrick Motorsports would hold off the field on the final restart to win their 18th career NASCAR Nextel Cup Series win and their fourth and final win of the season . To fill out the podium , Kurt Busch and Greg Biffle of Roush Racing would finish second and third , respectively .
Background
Lowe 's Motor Speedway is a motorsports complex located in Concord , North Carolina , United States 13 miles from Charlotte , North Carolina . The complex features a 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) quad oval track that hosts NASCAR racing including the prestigious Coca-Cola 600 on Memorial Day weekend and the NEXTEL All-Star Challenge , as well as the UAW-GM Quality 500 . The speedway was built in 1959 by Bruton Smith and is considered the home track for NASCAR with many race teams located in the Charlotte area . The track is owned and operated by Speedway Motorsports Inc. ( SMI ) with Marcus G. Smith ( son of Bruton Smith ) as track president .
Entry list
* Withdrew .
Practice
First practice
The first practice session was held on Thursday , October 13 , at 1:00 PM EST and would last for 50 minutes . Elliott Sadler of Robert Yates Racing would set the fastest time in the session , with a 28.305 and an average speed of .
Second practice
The second practice session was held on Thursday , October 13 , at 3:10 PM EST and would last for an hour and 10 minutes . Jimmie Johnson of Hendrick Motorsports would set the fastest time in the session , with a 27.948 and an average speed of .
Third practice
The third practice session was held on Friday , October 14 , at 4:30 PM EST and would last for 45 minutes . Jimmie Johnson of Hendrick Motorsports would set the fastest time in the session , with a 28.692 and an average speed of .
Fourth and final practice
The fourth and final practice session , sometimes referred to as Happy Hour , was held on Friday , October 14 , at 6:10 PM EST and would last for 45 minutes . Ryan Newman of Penske Racing would set the fastest time in the session , with a 28.502 and an average speed of .
Qualifying
Qualifying was held on Thursday , October 13 , at 7:10 PM EST . Each driver would have two laps to set the fastest time ; the fastest of the two would count as their official qualifying lap .
Elliott Sadler of Robert Yates Racing would win the pole , with a time of 27.948 and an average speed of .
Six drivers would fail to qualify : Boris Said , Carl Long , Jimmy Spencer , Mike Garvey , P. J. Jones , and Stanton Barrett .
Full qualifying results
Race results
References
2005 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series
NASCAR races at Charlotte Motor Speedway
October 2005 sports events in the United States
2005 in sports in North Carolina
Sartalkh ( ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 251 , in 73 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Associated British Foods plc ( ABF ) is a British multinational food processing and retailing company headquartered in London , England . Its ingredients division is the world 's second-largest producer of both sugar and baker 's yeast and a major producer of other ingredients including emulsifiers , enzymes and lactose . Its grocery division is a major manufacturer of both branded and private label grocery products and includes the brands Mazola , Ovaltine , Ryvita , Jordans and Twinings . Its retail division , Primark , has some 384 stores across several countries , predominantly Germany , Ireland , Netherlands , Spain , and the UK . ACH Food Companies is an American subsidiary .
Associated British Foods is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index .
History
The company was founded by Canadian W. Garfield Weston in 1935 , initially as Food Investments Limited , with the name changing to Allied Bakeries Limited a month later .
Between 1935 and 1956 , ten national and regional bakery companies were acquired by Allied , including Barrett and Pomeroy , and London and Provincial Bakeries . The largest acquisition at this time was in 1955 when Allied bought the British operations of the Aerated Bread Company , founded in 1862 . This acquisition included both the bakery business and the chain of cafeterias , the A.B.C . Tearooms . Allied paid $ 8.1 million for A.B.C . At that time , Allied had a large share of the UK baked goods market . Allied 's market share prior to acquiring A.B.C . was 10 % of all UK bread production and the sale of 20 million biscuits per day . Allied 's sales the year prior were $ 154 million with profits of $ 12.6 million in current dollars ) . With the acquisition of A.B.C. , Allied almost doubled its share of the UK 's bread market by the end of the decade .
Allied , under its new name , adopted in 1960 , of Associated British Foods , continued to run A.B.C . as a separate brand after its takeover , with a major A.B.C . bakery in Camden Town , London . This closed in 1982 and the A.B.C . name was retired .
In 1963 , Associated British Foods acquired Fine Fare , then a leading British supermarket chain . Following the death of the founder in 1978 , control of the company was passed on to their son Garry , while the North American operations fell to their son Galen .
The company sold Fine Fare in 1986 and in 1991 went on to acquire British Sugar . In 1997 , ABF sold its retail operations in Ireland ( including Northern Ireland ) to Tesco . These businesses were : Quinnsworth and Crazy Prices in the Republic of Ireland and Stewarts Supermarket Limited and Crazy Prices in Northern Ireland . This sale also included the Stewarts Winebarrel off-licence chain , Lifestyle Sports & Leisure Ltd ( a retail sports and leisure business ) , Kingsway Fresh Foods ( a meat processing facility ) and Daily Wrap Produce ( a fruit and vegetable packaging plant ) .
In May 1994 , Greggs acquired the Bakers Oven chain from the company .
In 2000 , the company sold its interests in Burton 's Biscuits . In 2002 , it acquired the Mazola corn oil , Argo and Kingsford 's cornstarch , Karo and Golden Griddle syrups , and Henri 's dressing brands , along with several Canadian brands , from Unilever ; in 2004 it acquired the Tone 's spice business and Fleischman yeast business from Burns Philp ; and in 2007 it purchased Patak 's Indian food business .
On 26 March 2011 , Associated British Foods , and its parent company Wittington Investments , were targeted over tax avoidance by UK Uncut during anti-cuts protests . The tax avoidance scheme involved moving capital between ABF/Primark and the affiliated Luxembourg entity ABF European Holdings & Co SNC by means of interest-free loans , avoiding tax of about £9.7 million per year . The protest took the form of a mass sit-in in Fortnum & Mason .
In February 2013 , the firm denied `` illegal and immoral '' tax evasion after it was accused by an international charity of moving its profits outside Zambia to reduce its tax bill . ActionAid said Zambia Sugar , a unit of AB Foods , had made profits of $ 123 million since 2007 but had paid `` virtually no corporate tax '' in Zambia .
In October 2013 , the company denied being involved in unscrupulous uses of land , in an article containing reports of forced evictions by other companies .
Operations
Brands
Allinson
Argo cornstarch
Aladino Peanut Butter
Burgen
Blue Dragon
Capullo
Dorset Cereals
Dromedary cake mixes
Elephant Atta
Fleischmann 's Yeast
High5
Jordans cereals
Lucky Boat Noodles
Karo corn syrup
Kingsford 's cornstarch
Kingsmill bread
Mazola corn oil
Ovaltine ( except in the United States , where Nestlé owns the brand )
Patak 's
Pride
Ryvita
Silver Spoon
Sunblest
Thai Lotus Pastes
Tolly Boy Rice
Twinings
Subsidiaries
AB Agri Ltd
AB Enzymes - an ABFI Company
AB Sugar
AB Mauri , bakery ingredients
Abitec Corporation - an ABFI Company
Abitec Ltd
ACH Food Companies ( AC HUMKO from 1995 to 2000 ) , an American subsidiary of Associated British Foods , previously part of Kraft Foods from 1952 to 1995 .
ACH Food México
Allied Bakeries - a division of ABF Grain Products Ltd
Allied Mills
British Sugar
Frontier ( 50 % joint venture with Cargill )
George Weston Foods
G Costa : sauces and specialty foods
Illovo Sugar
OHLY - an ABFI Company
PGP International , Inc. - an ABFI Company
Primark – known as Penneys in the Republic of Ireland
SPI Pharma , Inc. - an ABFI Company
Stratas Foods LLC , a 50/50 joint venture between ABF 's American subsidiary ACH and fellow American food corporation Archer Daniels Midland
Wander AG
Westmill Foods
Board of directors
Charles Sinclair , Chairman .
George G. Weston , Chief Executive Officer .
John Bason , Finance Director .
Peter Smith , Independent non-executive director .
Michael Jay , Baron Jay of Ewelme , Independent non-executive director .
Timothy Clarke , Independent non-executive director .
Javier Ferrán , Independent non-executive director .
Emma Adamo , Independent non-executive director .
Controlling shareholder
54.5 % of ABF is owned by Wittington Investments . 79.2 % of the share capital of Wittington Investments is owned by the Garfield Weston Foundation , which is one of the UK 's largest grant-making charitable trusts , and the remainder is owned by members of the Weston family . Wittington Investments also owns Fortnum & Mason and Heal & Son . George G. Weston became chief executive of ABF on 1 April 2005 , and Galen Weston , the chief executive of George Weston Ltd. , is a non-executive director . Garth Weston is Regional President of AB Mauri .
See also
References
External links
Food manufacturers based in London
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
Food and drink companies established in 1935
Weston family
Multinational food companies
Multinational companies headquartered in England
British companies established in 1935
1935 establishments in England
Fortnum & Mason
Mount Agamenticus is a high monadnock in the town of York , Maine . The area surrounding the summit is a park reservation which provides habitat for wildlife and a venue for recreation . The greater Agamenticus region covers nearly in the southern Maine towns of Eliot , Ogunquit , South Berwick , Wells and York .
Though under high , Mount Agamenticus was historically a noted landmark for sailors . It is high enough that from its peak on a clear day one can see the skyscrapers of Boston to the south , Cape Elizabeth and the entrance to Casco Bay to the north , and the Presidential Range , including Mount Washington , to the west . Looking out to sea , the Isles of Shoals - about off York - and Boon Island - about from the coast - are also clearly visible . The Agamenticus summit can be seen on a clear day from the lookout and the fire control tower at Halibut Point State Park in Rockport , Massachusetts .
Mount Agamenticus is also affectionately known by older locals as `` Big A , '' the nickname of a ski slope that once operated on its northeast flank , remnants of which can be seen both near the summit and along the trails . A memorial cairn to Mi'kmaq chief St. Aspinquid , who allegedly converted to Christianity , is located near the summit .
History
In 1614 , Captain John Smith explored and charted the Gulf of Maine .
Name
Upon returning to London Mason presented their record of the New World , complete with aboriginal place names , to Prince Charles , `` ... humbly entreating their Highnesse hee would please to change their barbarous names for such English , as posteritie might say Prince Charles was their God-father ... '' They complied , and their choices were featured on the map published in 1616 that accompanied Smith 's A Description of New England . On paper , the mountain 's Indian name , `` Sassanows , '' became `` Snadoun Hill . '' But many royal recommendations were not retained . Instead , the mountain would assume the general name of the York settlement of 1630 , the `` Plantation of Agamenticus , '' which itself took the Abenaki name for the York River .
Plantation of Agamenticus
The Agamenticus plantation was personally established from afar by Sir Ferdinando Gorges , whom received an original land charter in 1606 .
St. Aspinquid
St. Aspinquid ( St. Aspenquid ) was an alleged Mi'kmaq sachem around whom little is known , including whether they ever even existed .
They allegedly are murdered in 1696 and was declared a martyr and buried atop Mount Agamenticus .
According to legend , Saint Aspinquid ( sometimes Aspenquid ) was born in May 1588 , and after converting to Christianity , spread the gospel to tribes across the continent .
Their funeral and burial atop Mount Agamenticus in May 1682 , at which 6,712 animals were allegedly sacrificed , was allegedly attended by hundreds , even thousands , of Native Americans .
Numerous people have written and questioned the legendary account , even to the point of challenging the existence of St. Aspinquid . Some have suggested the Saint is a fanciful version of real Chief Passaconaway . In the 1881 essay A Winter Drive , Seacoast literary legend Sarah Orne Jewett remarked that `` ... I could never trace this legend beyond a story in one of the county newspapers , and I have never heard any tradition among the people that bears the least likeness to it . ''
A symbolic cairn on the summit stands as memorial to the Aspinquid legend .
As a ski area
Mount Agamenticus has the highest elevation of any hill within its distance to the ocean from Portland , Maine , to Brownsville , Texas . The ski area there , The Big A , had a 2,400 foot double chairlift , a 1,200 foot T-Bar , and a rope tow , and was supplemented with both snowmaking and night skiing . At its peak the area had nine trails spread over 500 ' of vertical drop , including a mile long Beginner , two novice , two intermediate , and four Advanced . the facility had a summit lodge , complete with a ski shop and 400 car parking lots - on top the mountain , not at its base . The ski area operated from 1966 to 1974 .
Today
Today there is a park at the summit , with a trail network covering the area . There is a large cell phone mast at the top , arrayed with various other antenna . It is one of the best places for viewing hawks in New England .
Trails
In addition to a road to the summit and limited parking there , the mountain has a network of trails for hiking . Its short access trail from the main parking area at the base leads to the ring trail , which in circles the mountains summit . Feeder trails off of it offer access to the top .
See also
St. Apenquid 's Chapel
References
External links
Mount Agamenticus
Mt . Agamenticus at Summitpost.org
Mountains of York County , Maine
York , Maine
Wells , Maine
South Berwick , Maine
Ogunquit , Maine
The Colorado State Defense Force , formerly known as the Colorado State Service , is the current , albeit inactive state defense force of Colorado . The Colorado State Defense Force served as the stateside replacement for the Colorado National Guard while the National Guard was in federal service during World War I and World War II .
History
World War I
In the summer of 1917 , the Colorado Reserve Service was organized as a unit consisting of five companies : companies A , B , and C of the Third Regiment ; and A and B of Colored Infantry . They were called into active service for guard duty on public utilities and reservoir projects on 1 August 1917 . The largest total of men on active duty was 409 in September 1917 ; the smallest was 168 in October 1918 . After the war , late in 1918 , the 3rd Colorado Infantry and Troop `` A '' of the Colorado Cavalry received federal recognition as National Guard units .
World War II
In June 1941 , the defense force , consisting of 200 men , was officially named the `` Colorado state defense force of the state of Colorado . '' By 30 June 1944 , the Colorado State Defense Force had reached a strength of 641 soldiers .
Legal status
Each state has the legal authority to maintain its own state defense force , as recognized by the federal government of the United States under Title 32 , Section 109 of the United States Code . Under Colorado law , the Governor of Colorado may reactivate the Colorado State Defense Force , making reactivation possible through executive order or an act of legislation .
See also
Colorado Wing Civil Air Patrol
References
State defense forces of the United States
Military in Colorado
Ingvild Bryn ( born 18 March 1961 in Voss , Hordaland ) is a Norwegian journalist . They are a news anchor for the evening news Dagsrevyen , aired on the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation .
Biography
They started as a news anchor in 1990 , was then a correspondent in Washington , D.C. from 1996 to 1999 before returning to their post . They are , together with Morten Harket , the official presenter of the Eurovision Song Contest 1996 .
They have education from the Volda University College and the University of Oslo . They are a proponent of Nynorsk and received the Nynorsk User of the Year award in 2012 .
They hail from Voss . Them sister is a Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation journalist . They are married to Svein Gjerdåker , and they have two adopted children .
See also
List of Eurovision Song Contest presenters
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Norwegian television news anchors
NRK people
Norwegian television reporters and correspondents
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
Volda University College alumni
University of Oslo alumni
People from Voss
Under the public charge rule , immigrants to the United States classified as Likely or Liable to become a Public Charge may be denied visas or permission to enter the country due to their disabilities or lack of economic resources . The term was introduced in the Immigration Act of 1882 . The restriction has remained a major cause for denial of visas and lawful permanent residency ever since ; in 1992 , about half of those denied immigrant and non-immigrant visas for substantive reasons were denied due to the public charge rule . However , the administrative definition of `` public charge '' has been subject to major changes , notably in 1999 and 2019 .
Laws regarding immigrants likely to become a public charge
The Immigration Act of 1882 found immigrants who were `` unable to take care of themselves or themselves without becoming a public charge '' unsuitable for American citizenship and therefore denied their entry . In addition to LPC the act initiated a fifty cent head tax which would be used for bureaucratic processes . The act also denies entry of convicts .
The Immigration Act of 1891 continued this exclusion : The following classes of aliens shall be excluded from admission into the United States ... All idiots , insane persons , paupers or persons likely to become a public charge , persons suffering from a loathsome or a dangerous contagious disease , persons who have been convicted of a felony or other infamous crime or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude , polygamists…The Immigration Act of 1903 allowed the deportation of immigrants who became a public charge within their first two years in the country .
In its 1915 decision in Gegiow v. Uhl , the US Supreme Court found that the public charge restriction applied exclusively to those immigrants who `` by reason of poverty , insanity , disease or disability would become a charge upon the public . ''
The Immigration and Nationality Act ( enacted in 1952 , and amended in 1965 ) declares `` any alien likely at any time to become a public charge '' as inadmissible to the country and those who have received public benefits within their first five years in the United States as deportable . Any alien who , in the opinion of the consular officer at the time of application for a visa , or in the opinion of the Attorney General at the time of application for admission or adjustment of status , is likely at any time to become a public charge is excludable.These INA restrictions often affect decisions about visas and admission to the country , but rarely serve as a cause for deportation .
The Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 raised the standards for sponsors of immigrants , requiring them to show greater financial capacity and obligating them to reimburse the government for means-tested public benefits received by the immigrant they sponsor .
Administrative implementation
Granting of visas to the United States is carried out by consular officials under the Department of State , while awarding immigration statuses such as Lawful Permanent Resident is done by the US Citizenship and Immigration Service ( USCIS ) , and previous by the Immigration and Naturalization Service ( INS ) . Charles Wheeler stated that prior to 1999 , `` DOS and INS officers exercised broad powers in interpreting this provision . Unfortunately , they sometimes applied different standards and imposed inconsistent requirements . ''
Historian Douglas Baynton writes that `` The 'public charge ' provision was intended to encompass people with disabilities more generally and was left to the examining officer 's discretion . ''
1999 Guidance
In May 1999 , the Immigration and Nationalization Service issued formal guidance , `` Field Guidance on Deportability and Inadmissibility on Public Charge Ground , '' defining a public charge as someone `` primarily dependent on the government for subsistence , as demonstrated by either the receipt of public cash assistance for income maintenance , or institutionalization for long-term care at government expense . '' Examples of disqualifying assistance include Supplemental Security Income ( SSI ) , cash assistance from the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) program , and state or local cash assistance programs ( often called `` general assistance '' ) for income maintenance . The guidance explicitly excluded Medicaid , food stamps , WIC , unemployment insurance , housing benefits , child care subsidies , or other non-cash benefits from qualifying immigrants as public charges .
2019 Rule
On August 12 , 2019 , U.S . Citizenship and Immigration Services ( USCIS ) formally announced a new rule restricting poorer immigrants from attaining Lawful Permanent Resident status , popularly known as a Green Card . Under the rule , which took effect on October 15 , 2019 , legal immigrants who have received public benefits such as Supplemental Security Income , Temporary Assistance for Needy Families , the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , Medicaid , and public housing assistance for more than a total of twelve months within any thirty-six-month period may be classified as a `` public charge '' ineligible for permanent residency . Immigration official may investigate the health , income , wealth , education , and family of applicants for permanent residency to predict whether they will become a public charge in the future . The term `` public charge '' appears in the Immigration and Nationality Act , but is not defined by the law . Refugees , asylum seekers , pregnant women , children , and family members of those serving in the Armed Forces are excluded from the restrictions . The Trump administration estimates that 58 % of households headed by non-citizens use a public welfare program and half use Medicaid .
Ken Cuccinelli , the acting director of USCIS stated the policy will `` have the long-term benefit of protecting taxpayers by ensuring people who are immigrating to this country do n't become public burdens , that they can stand on their own two feet , as immigrants in years past have done . '' The National Immigration Law Center stated that the rule `` will have a dire humanitarian impact , forcing some families to forgo critical lifesaving health care and nutrition . The damage will be felt for decades to come . '' The law center announced it would sue to prevent the policy from taking effect . In January 2020 , the US Supreme Court ruled that the Trump administration could begin enforcing the new rules while related lawsuits processed through the federal court system , and Citizenship and Immigration Services subsequently began enforcement of the public charge rule on February 24 , 2020 .
On July 29 , 2020 , the Southern District Court in New York enjoined the rule from being enforced during the Covid-19 pandemic , but the Second Circuit issued a partial stay on August 12 and a full stay on September 11 .
On November 2 , 2020 , the Northern District Court in Illinois determined that the rule violated the Administrative Procedures Act , but the Seventh Circuit issued a stay the very next day , allowing the rule to continue to be enforced .
In March 2021 , the 2019 public charge rule was repealed by the U.S . Citizenship and Immigration Service ( USCIS ) . However , public charges remained , but would instead comply inadmissibility statute consistent with the USCIS 1999 Interim Field Guidance rule .
Conditions for denial
Individuals who have physical or mental ailments along with pregnant women are most likely to be proposed as a public charge . Immigrants who were found with physical or mental ailments were prospective for exclusion . Their ailments were seen to affect their ability to obtain employment and thus qualified them as a public charge .
Unmarried pregnant women seeking to migrate into the United States was presumed a public charge on account of their condition , both in the early twentieth and early twenty-first century . These women were excluded from entry and were barred from arriving into the United States . In recent years , pregnant Mexican women visiting United States doctors present doctor 's notes confirming they have prepaid their bills in order to cross the border .
In addition , child-rearing amongst immigrant women is also presumptive causes of public charge . Although support for children was legal , undocumented women were denied legal citizenship due to the public assistance that their children received . In these cases and those of physical and mental ailments would render an obligation to government however , the government sought no obligation in this manner .
Immigrants who arrived with only twenty-five to forty dollars and with no source of employment were deemed liable to become a public charge . Immigrants were investigated through means of competent evidence .
Competent evidence includes the following ;
Health
Family assets
Financial status
Education
Skills
Age
In the early 1900s , The Book of Instructions for the Medical Inspection of Immigrants listed pregnancy ( regardless of marital status ) , and the sexually transmitted diseases syphilis and gonorrhea as grounds for exclusion .
Immigrants who had legally entered the United States but subsequently acquired any ailments that compromised their ability to earn a living were sought for deportation . These individuals had to leave within one year . Funds were distributed for their deportation by the Bureau of Immigration ( Immigration Fund ) .
Notable cases
Maria Gambacurta
In the early 1900s , Maria Gambacurta , a twenty-year-old immigrant from Italy who had recently given birth , along with their US citizen child , was deported because the hospital in which they were seeking care was supported through public funds .
Isabel Gonzalez ( Gonzalez v. Williams )
Upon their arrival in New York City in 1902 , Isabel Gonzalez was determined as liable to become a public charge as a young , pregnant , and single Puerto Rican immigrant . They were denied entry into the United States despite the arguments made on their behalf by a fiancé and family members . Nevertheless , Gonzalez was able to argue their case to the U.S. Supreme Court . Gonzalez did not argue their condition as likely to become a public charge ; rather , they challenged the state of Puerto Rican immigrants in America claiming citizenship . It was found that they would be considered not an alien under immigration , but they would be determined a `` non-citizen national '' .
See also
Immigration to the United States
Welfare chauvinism
References
Bray , Ilona M. , and Carl Falstrom . U.S. Immigration Made Easy . Berkeley : NOLO , 2007 . Print .
Hall , Prescott F. Immigration and its Effects upon the United States . New York : General Books , LLC , 2009 . Print .
Luibheid , Eithne . Entry Denied : Controlling Sexuality at the Border . New York : University of Minnesota , 2002 . Print .
1882 in law
United States federal immigration and nationality legislation
American legal terminology
The mountain wren-babbler ( Gypsophila crassa ) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae . It is native to the Iran Mountains of northeastern Borneo . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
mountain wren-babbler
Birds of East Malaysia
Endemic birds of Borneo
mountain wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Essa Obaid may refer to :
Essa Obaid ( footballer ) ( born 1984 ) , United Arab Emirates footballer
Essa Obaid ( bodybuilder ) ( born 1979 ) , United Arab Emirates bodybuilder
Australia competed at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics in Lillehammer , Norway from 12 to 21 February 2016 .
Medalists
Medalists in mixed NOCs events
Alpine skiing
Boys
Girls
Biathlon
Boys
Girls
Mixed
Cross-country skiing
Boys
Girls
Freestyle skiing
Halfpipe
Ski cross
Slopestyle
Ice hockey
Luge
Short track speed skating
Girls
Mixed team relay
Qualification Legend : FA=Final A ( medal ) ; FB=Final B ( non-medal ) ; FC=Final C ( non-medal ) ; FD=Final D ( non-medal ) ; SA/B=Semifinals A/B ; SC/D=Semifinals C/D ; ADV=Advanced to Next Round ; PEN=Penalized
Snowboarding
Halfpipe
Snowboard cross
Slopestyle
Snowboard and ski cross relay
Qualification legend : FA – Qualify to medal round ; FB – Qualify to consolation round
See also
Australia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
Australia at the Youth Olympics
2016 in Australian sport
The first of the AFI 100 Years ... series of cinematic milestones , AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 American Movies is a list of the 100 best American movies , as determined by the American Film Institute from a poll of more than 1,500 artists and leaders in the film industry who chose from a list of 400 nominated movies . The 100-best list American films was unveiled in 1998 . AFI released an updated list in 2007 .
Criteria
Films were judged according to the following criteria :
Feature length : Narrative format , at least 60 minutes long .
American film : English language , with significant creative and/or financial production elements from the United States . ( Certain films , notably The Bridge on the River Kwai , 2001 : A Space Odyssey and Lawrence of Arabia , were British-made but funded and distributed by American studios . The Lord of the Rings was New Zealand-made with American funding . )
Critical recognition : Formal commendation in print .
Major award winner : Recognition from competitive events including awards from organizations in the film community and major film festivals .
Popularity over time : Including figures for box office adjusted for inflation , television broadcasts and syndication , and home video sales and rentals .
Historical significance : A film 's mark on the history of the moving image through technical innovation , visionary narrative devices or other groundbreaking achievements .
Cultural impact : A film 's mark on American society in matters of style and substance .
List
2007 changes
Twenty-three films were replaced in the 2007 10th anniversary list . Doctor Zhivago , previously ranked # 39 , was the highest-ranked film to be dropped from the updated list , while The General ( at # 18 ) was the highest-ranked new entry .
Broadcast history
Presentation broadcast on CBS
A 145-minute presentation of the 100 films aired on CBS on June 16 , 1998 .
Presentation broadcast on TNT
A 460-minute version aired as a 10-part series on TNT , narrated by James Woods and hosted by American talents as follows :
Richard Gere hosted the episode `` Against the Grain '' .
Richard Gere hosted the episode `` Against the Law '' .
Sally Field hosted the episode `` Family Portraits '' .
Jodie Foster hosted the episode `` In Search of ... '' .
Sally Field hosted the episode `` Love Crazy '' .
Richard Gere hosted the episode `` War & Peace '' .
Sally Field hosted the episode `` The Wilder Shores of Love '' .
Jodie Foster hosted the episode `` The Antiheroes '' .
Richard Gere hosted the episode `` Out of Control '' .
Jodie Foster hosted the episode `` Fantastic Flights '' .
Presentation broadcast on TNT UK
Another version of the same 460-minute program was produced by Monique De Villiers and John Heyman from A World Production company to British television and market featuring different interviews and each segment being hosted by British talents in the following order :
Michael Caine hosted and narrated episode `` Against the Grain ''
Ray Winstone hosted and narrated `` Beyond the Law ''
Emily Watson hosted and narrated `` Family Portraits ''
Richard Harris hosted and narrated `` In Search of ... ''
Joely Richardson hosted and narrated episode `` Love Crazy ''
Jeremy Irons hosted and narrated episode `` War and Peace ''
Liam Neeson hosted and narrated episode `` The Wilder Shores of Love ''
Judi Dench hosted and narrated episode `` The Anti-Heroes ''
Jude Law hosted and narrated episode `` Out of Control ''
Helena Bonham Carter hosted and narrated `` Fantastic Flights ''
Criticisms
As with awards , the list of those who vote and the final vote tally are not released to the public , nor the criteria for how the 400 nominated films have been selected .
On June 26 , 1998 , the Chicago Reader published an article by film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum which offers a detailed response to the movies in the AFI list , as well as criticism of the AFI 's appropriation of British films , such as Lawrence of Arabia ( albeit with asupervisorstioned American funding ) and The Third Man . Rosenbaum also produced an alternative list of 100 American movies that they felt had been overlooked by the AFI . Rosenbaum chose to present this alternative list alphabetically since to rank them according to merit would be `` tantamount to ranking oranges over apples or declaring cherries superior to grapes . ''
The AFI 's 100 Years ... 100 Movies ( 10th Anniversary Edition ) list includes five titles from Rosenbaum 's list ( including Do the Right Thing ) , and the accompanying promotional poster lists the titles in alphabetical order .
See also
BFI Top 100 British films
List of films considered the best
References
External links
AFI 100 Years ... 100 Movies ( 1998 edition )
AFI 100 Years ... 100 Movies ( 2007 edition )
List of the 400 nominated movies ( 1998 edition )
List of the 400 nominated movies ( 2007 edition )
Montreal Mirror editorial
SFM Entertainment page on the special ; includes video clip
AFI 100 Years ... series
Centennial anniversaries
Crângu is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of two villages , Crângu and Secara . It included three other villages until 2004 , when they were split off to form Dracea Commune .
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The 2017–18 season was UD Almería 's twentieth seventh season of existence and the third consecutive in Segunda División .
Squad
Coaches
Staff members
Source : UD Almería 's official website
Transfers
In
Total spending : €70,000
Out
Total gaining : €2,200,000
Balance
Total : €2,130,000
Contracts
Player statistics
Squad statistics
|-
|colspan= '' 12 '' |Players on loan to other clubs :
|-
|colspan= '' 12 '' |Players who have left the club after the start of the season :
| }
Top scorers
Disciplinary record
Competitions
Pre-season/Friendlies
Segunda División
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Copa del Rey
References
Almeria
UD Almería seasons
2017–18 Segunda División
Powell County is a county located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 12,613 . Its county seat is Stanton . The county was formed January 7 , 1852 , by Kentucky Governor Lazarus W. Powell from parts of Clark , Estill , and Montgomery counties . It is no longer a dry county as of 2018 .
Powell County is home to Natural Bridge State Resort Park and the Red River Gorge Geologic Area , two of Kentucky 's most important natural areas and ecotourism destinations , as well as Pilot Knob State Nature Preserve .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Montgomery County ( north )
Menifee County ( northeast )
Wolfe County ( southeast )
Lee County ( south )
Estill County ( southwest )
Clark County ( northwest )
National protected area
Daniel Boone National Forest ( part )
Government
The Powell County courthouse is located at 525 Washington St in Stanton .
County Judge-Executive : James D. Anderson Jr .
County Clerk : Jackie Everman
Sheriff : Danny Rogers
Coroner : Megan Wells Davis
Jailer : Travis Crabtree
County Attorney : Robert King
Circuit Clerk : Brian King
County Property Valuation Administrator ( PVA ) : Dustin Billings
County Surveyor : Kevin Davis
EMS Director : Nathan Hall
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,237 people , 5,044 households , and 3,783 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 5,526 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.56 % White , 0.62 % Black or African American , 0.12 % Native American , 0.05 % Asian , 0.07 % from other races , and 0.58 % from two or more races . 0.66 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 5,044 households , out of which 36.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.20 % were married couples living together , 12.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 25.00 % were non-families . 21.80 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.02 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 26.60 % under the age of 18 , 9.50 % from 18 to 24 , 30.00 % from 25 to 44 , 23.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 10.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females there were 99.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 95.00 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 25,515 , and the median income for a family was $ 30,483 . Males had a median income of $ 26,962 versus $ 18,810 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,060 . About 18.90 % of families and 23.50 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 31.00 % of those under age 18 and 20.00 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
In recent federal elections , Powell County has been reliably Republican .
Natural Bridge State Resort Park
Powell County is home to Natural Bridge State Resort Park . The park is abundant with Native American relics , shelters , and burial grounds . The main attraction is the bridge itself , a natural arch with more than of rock in suspension . It is wide at the top and at the base ; one of the more than 70 natural arches located in the area .
Communities
Clay City
Slade
Stanton ( county seat )
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Powell County , Kentucky
References
External links
Powell County School District
Powell County Tourism
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1852 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1852
`` Truck Yeah '' is a song Written by Chris Lucas and Preston Brust of LoCash , Chris Janson , and Danny Myrick and recorded by American country music artist Tim McGraw . It was released on July 3 , 2012 , as the first single from their 2013 album Two Lanes of Freedom and their first single for Big Machine Records . The release of the single overlapped McGraw 's previous single `` Right Back Atcha Babe , '' promoted by Curb Records , due to a rivalry between the two record labels .
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the song four and a half stars out of five , writing that it `` is n't intended to be the smartest song on the radio , but it might be the most fun . '' Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song four stars out of five , saying that `` the swagger of the melody and McGraw 's strong delivery of the lyrics '' makes it a hit . Ben Foster of Country Universe gave the song a failing grade , writing that `` it sounds dumb and ridiculous upon arrival [ ... ] and then it 's all downhill from there . ''
Music video
The music video was filmed in Chattanooga , Tennessee . It was directed by Chris Hicky and premiered in September 2012 .
Track listing
`` Truck Yeah '' – 3:52
`` Truck Yeah ( Live ) ''
Chart performance
`` Truck Yeah '' debuted at number 22 on the U.S . Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of July 21 , 2012 , becoming McGraw 's highest chart debut ever . It also debuted at number 69 on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 chart for the week of July 21 , 2012 . It also debuted at number 52 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart for the week of July 21 , 2012 .
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 singles
2012 songs
Tim McGraw songs
Song recordings produced by Byron Gallimore
Song recordings produced by Tim McGraw
Music videos directed by Chris Hicky
Big Machine Records singles
Songs written by Chris Janson
Songs written by Danny Myrick
Eudemus ( , Eudēmos ) may refer to :
, d. 353 BC , a political exile from Cyprus and friend of Aristotle , after whom Aristotle 's dialogue Eudemus , or On the Soul was named : see Corpus Aristotelicum # Fragments
Eudemus of Rhodes , c. 370-300 BC , philosopher and student of Aristotle
Eudemus ( general ) , d. 316 BC , general of Alexander the Great
Eudemus ( physician ) , any of several Greek physicians , 4th century BC–2nd century AD
Eudemus of Pergamum , 3rd century BC , teacher of Philonides of Laodicea and dedicatee of Book 2 of Apollonius of Perga 's Conics
Eudemus of Pergamum , 2nd century BC , implicated in the enmity between Tiberius Gracchus and Q. Pompeius
Eudemus of Argos , 2nd century AD , author of On Rhetorical Language ( Περὶ λέξεων ῥητορικῶν ) , perhaps an important source of the Suda
Avdimi of Haifa , an Amora of the late 3rd/early 4th century AD
Eudemus , Bishop of Patara ( Lycia ) , 4th century AD
Eudemos , the name of two Catholicoi of the Catholicate of Abkhazia ( 16th and 17th centuries )
Eudemos I , of the Diasamidze family , Catholicos of Kartli in the 1630s
See also
Eudemis
Robey and Co. was an engineering company based in Lincoln , England which can be traced back to at least 1849 .
In 1854 Watkinson and Robey Engineers and Millwrights were manufacturing Portable Engines and machinery of every description in Rumbold Street , Lincoln . They were joined by George Lamb Scott , but in 1855 Watkinson , who had previously worked for Clayton & Shuttleworth of Lincoln , left the company . The business then became Robey and Scott and moved their premises by 1856 to Canwick Road , Lincoln . Another partner , Thomas Gamble , joined the firm and Scott resigned in September 1856 to found their own manufacturing company in Manchester . The company then became Gamble & Robey , but by 1868 was known as Robey & Co Ltd .
Robert Robey died in 1876 and the firm continued as a partnership led by John Richardson . In 1893 Robey & Co became a limited company . By 1913 Robeys were makers of steam motor wagons , tractors and ploughs and in the First World War manufactured aircraft . The company was purchased by Babcock International in 1984 .
Robey 's Engineering Products
Threshing Machines
Threshing machines were one of the mainstays of Robeys products .
In 1859 an impressive threshing machine was exhibited at the Manchester and Liverpool Agricultural Show . Threshing machines continued to be made until the 1930s and were often sold with portable engines or traction engines to drive them . Threshing machines developed little in design over this period . They were often also sold with elevators . The Robey Trust in Tavistock has threshing machine No . 3331 of c1880 and is the oldest known surviving Robey threshing machine .
Portable Engines
An early report of a Robey portable engine was in July 1855 when the Stamford Mercury reported Messrs. Robey and Scott , of St. Rumbold 's lane Foundry , on Monday 1st sent off for the Crimea a tenhorse power high pressure portable steam-engine . It single-cylinder engine , and ……would be adapted to bear the rough usage it will have to encounter . It understood that to be put to the various purposes and to supply the troops with bread .
Portable engines continued to be made until the 1940s . It was from Portable Engines that Traction engines were developed .
Robey traction engines
Robeys were in the forefront of traction engine development . The idea that a portable engine could be converted to drive itself under its own power evolved around 1859 . The traction engine , in the form recognisable today , developed partly from an experiment in 1859 when Thomas Aveling modified a Clayton & Shuttleworth portable to become self-propelled by fitting a long driving chain between the crankshaft and the rear axle . Lincoln manufacturers rapidly developed this idea . Robey 's first design was to develop a traction engine steered by a man in front of the boiler . This was displayed at the International Exhibition of 1862 and the illustration shows the traction engine towing a thrashing machine . At the same Exhibition Benjamin Dutton Taplin who had an iron foundry by St Peter at Gowts in Lincoln , showed a traction engine of the form that became standard . Also in May that year a Traction engine described as Taplin , Robey and Co. was exhibited at the Bath and West Show . Taplin , who appears to have been too ambitious in the development of their business , had become insolvent at the end of May and it seems likely that Robey had acquired their stock in trade . Robeys continued to produce traction engines that could be steered by a man at the front and a traction engine of this type was exhibited by Robeys at Manchester in 1869 .
By 1875 the Traction engine exhibited at the Smithfield show was of the more conventional type and around 1879 Robey 's made a number of Box 's Patent Traction engines . Box 's Patent engines had an ingenious device to raise the rear driving wheel of the traction engine and these engines were used particularly for longer distance road transport . Robeys continued traction engine and steam tractor manufacturing well into the 20th . century .
Road Steam vehicles
Robeys were pioneers in developing road steamers . In 1862 an illustration was included in illustrated catalogue of the Industrial Department of the International Exhibition of 1862 of Robeys ' Patent Highway Locomotive . No information is given about its specifications . Later Robey steam road vehicles were based on the designs of Robert William Thomson , using their patented rubber tyre , and were driven by a vertical boiler . Thompson 's steamers were intended for drawing passenger vehicles or for heavy haulage on roads . The first of these was the ‘ ‘ Advance '' , commissioned by the Woolwich Arsenal in 1870 and trials were carried out in December 1870 . For the first test a covered wagon and an omnibus were attached to the steamer at Robey 's works in Canwick Road , and , with a load of 45 passengers , proceeded at a smart pace — not less than six miles an hour —over the iron bridge over the Witham , and up Lindum Hill , a gradient of one in nine achieving a speed of between four and five miles . The 'Advance ' then turned on the hill-top with its train in a circle and the run down the hill , which is a full half- mile , was made at times at a great speed , the crowd of sight-seers all running to keep up with it .
A second test used two four-wheeled trucks , each weighing three tons and carrying loads of two tons . The 'Advance ' was then driven up Canwick Hill , to the south of Lincoln a gradient of one in eight . The purpose of this experiment was to show the capacity of the Steamer for drawing heavy loads on ordinary roads and was successfully accomplished .
A later test in July , 1871 , used another road steamer , which was made to draw two large omnibuses , filled with passengers , from Lincoln to Grantham , and the trip was completed satisfactorily .
Over the next two years Robeys built 32 of these vehicles , which were either 8 or 12 horse power versions . A large proportion were exported . These included three to Vienna and others to Ireland , Italy , Greece , Moscow , New Zealand , Australia and Chile . A further Thomson steam vehicle was built in 1877 , but apart from traction engines , Robeys appear to have discontinued making road steam vehicles until 1904 , when they started manufacturing steam road lorries .
Railway Steam Engines
Between 1876-84 six steam railway engines were produced . From 1889 to 1924 two narrow gauge engines “ Joubert '' and ‘ ‘ Kruger '' were used on the Oriental & Sheba valley railway in Transvaal . Similar engines went via the agent Rose Innes to Chile .
Robey Steam Rollers
Robey 's steam rollers were produced mainly after the First World war . Various Australian municipalities imported the Robey 10 T rollers between 1923 and 1927 .
Robey Steam Wagons
Robey were very early in developing steam road vehicles and
Started developing Steam Wagons 1906
Tipper Steam wagon
Around 1925 Robey 's won a contact for the supply of steam tipper lorries to Ceylon . Robey Steam Lorry 42888 survives at Training Centre , Ratmalana Works in Ceylon .
Engines for other purposes
Engines for Generating Electricity
Robeys were a leading company in the field of electric generating engines . Robeys introduced electric lighting into their Canwick Road factory in 1880
Engines driving looms in Textile factories
Steam engine , Lower Heys Mill . The Barracks Fabric Printing Co Ltd , Lower Heys Mill , Black Lane , Macclesfield . The last working steam engine in the textile industry in the UK . Twin cylinder diagonal driving a calender . Built by Robey of Lincoln in 1913 . Stopped 1995 and removed to Dingles museum in 1996 and later acquired by the Robey Trust .
Winding Engines
These were used as winding engines in colleries . Robey 's had developed winding engines by 1894 when an article and illustration of a Robey Compound Underground Hauling Engine was published in 'The Engineer ' .
An example steam of a winding engine is now at Papplewick Pumping Station . It was built by Robey in 1922 with a horizontal duplex steam winding engine . It was used at Linby Colliery and , although the smaller of the two steam winders , was the coal-puller . It was a fast engine and continued in use until 1982 . It was moved to Papplewick in 1983 . It is fully restored and runs more or less than it would have been in service . It is one of very few surviving duplex winders and the only one that can be seen operating .
First World War Aircraft Production
In addition to licence-built designs , Robey designed and built the Robey-Peters Gun-Carrier for the Royal Naval Air Service ( RNAS ) . This large 3-seat fighter was ordered by the RNAS in 1916 and the first prototype took off on its maiden flight at Bracebridge Heath in May 1917 . The aircraft crashed and was not repaired , with the second machine remaining uncompleted .
Second World War and Post War Production
Production from 1939 centred on gun mountings , frigate engines and other heavy items . After the war the capacity and expertise of the company was used to fabricate everything from converters for steelworks to parts for the Jodrell Bank radio telescope . In the firm 's last years before final closure in February 1988 , production was mainly of boilers in oil , gas or solid fuel fired versions which were made in larger numbers .
Robeys Works , Canwick Road , Lincoln
Robeys rapidly became an important employer in Lincoln and by 1865 were employing 114 men . The works covered a total area along Canwick Road of seven acres and around 1870 the name of Perseverance Ironworks was changed to the Globe Works . The layout of the works is shown in a print of 1879 The facade on the Canwick Road originally had a large entrance way surmounted by a tower . This may have been designed by the Lincoln architect William Watkins . Watkins had designed an extension to the factory in 1873 . Watkins had also been architect for a large house built for Robert Robey , overlooking the nearby South Park . A new fitting shop had been added in 1871 In 1883 a Coffee Palace and Workmen Mess rooms were built on the opposite side of Canwick Road . The main entrance on Canwick Road , surmounted with a globe above the door must date from about 1910 . The site was developed over the next few years . A cooling tower was built in 1912
During the First World War considerable additions were made , including new workshops on the Canwick Road and on the Coultham Street side . Some were to designs by the architect F. W. Horton . A new power house with chimney was added in 1915 A shop and offices for aircraft production were added on the Canwick Road side at a late stage in the war
The Robey Charitable Trust in Tavistock
The Robey Trust is based at the New Perseverance Ironworks , is a charity dedicated to continuing the traditions of the Robey Engineering Company of Lincoln . This involves not only the maintenance in working order of many Robey engines , the vast majority of them steam engines , but also continuing and transmitting to coming generations the expertise required to preserve and run these machines .
The trust was formed as the result of the acquisition of the Robey Tandem Steam roller No 42693 which was rescued from a children 's playground in 1983 . This was the first engine to be owned and restored by the Robey trust . The Trust also possess other steam rollers including a Tri-tandem No 45655 . This engine was built in 1930 and was working for long enough to help construct Britain 's first major motorway , the M1 . The Trust also has in its collections stationary engines and a Robey 6-ton Steam Wagon ( no 42522 ) made in 1924 . The Trust holds a growing archive of historical and technical publications , drawings and photographs and is always pleased to receive items to add to the collection or to copy and return . A 'Robey Register ' is being compiled to record details of Robey manufactures known to exist worldwide .
References
Literature
Brooks R. ( Undated , but 1988 ) , Lincolnshire Engines Worldwide , Lincolnshire Life Museum , Lincolnshire County Council .
Clarke R.H. 2nd imp . ( 1998 ) Steam Engine Builders of Lincolnshire . Society for Lincolnshire History and Archaeology .
Southworth P J M ( 1986 ) Some Early Robey Steam Engines .
Walls J . & Parker C. ( 2000 ) , Aircraft made in Lincoln . Society for Lincolnshire History and Archaeology .
External links
Grace 's Guide : Robey & Co .
Robey Archives in Lincolnshire Record Office . The records of Robey & Co. include board minutes , production records , product catalogues , photographs and engineering plans . The deposit has not been fully listed and all enquiries should be passed to the designated archivist .
Robey Traction Engine photographs .
Robey Trust
Robey Traction Engine photographs .
The Survey of Lincoln
Vintage Machinery . Illustrations of Robey Engines .
Engine manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Aircraft manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Companies based in Lincoln , England
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Diesel engine manufacturers
Millwrights
Steam road vehicle manufacturers
Engineering companies based in Lincoln , England
Spathiostemon is a genus of trees in the Euphorbiaceae family . It is native to the Bismarck Archipelago , New Guinea , Wallacea and Southeast Asia .
The trees grow between 10 and 20m tall , often in secondary forest .
The wood is sometimes used .
Description
The two species occur as trees or shrubs up to 20m tall . They are monoecious , that is individual trees have both female and male flowers though the sexes flower at different times . Leaves are spirally arranged and simple in form , papery . Flowers do not have petals . Woody thin-walled capsules are slightly lobed , glabrous ( hairless ) and either smooth or spiny . There are usually 2-3 seeds per fruit , obovoid ( rounded at both ends ) , and slightly triangular in cross/transverse section . The genus is distinguished from other Malesian Euphorbiaceae by the following traits : if present the latex is not obvious ; hairs are present ; pistillate ( female ) flowers have apically split stigmas ; the male ( staminate ) flowers have stamens that split into two equal branches , arising from 4‒7 androphores/stalks , with ultimately more than 100 stamens .
History
Carl Ludwig Blume , botanist , was born in Braunschweig , but mainly worked in the Netherlands and the Netherlands East Indies . They first described Spathiostemon as a genus in 1826 in the journal Bijdragen tot de Flora van Nederlandsch Indie .
Species
Spathiostemon javensis Blume - Bismarck Archipelago , New Guinea , Maluku , Lesser Sunda Islands , Sulawesi , Philippines , Jawa , Borneo , and Peninsular Malaysia
Spathiostemon moniliformis Airy Shaw - Southern Thailand
Formerly included
Spathiostemon forbesii ( S.Moore ) Airy Shaw - Clonostylis forbesii S.Moore
Spathiostemon salicinus ( Hassk . ) Hassk . - Homonoia riparia Lour .
References
Euphorbiaceae genera
Holmes P. Tuttle ( June 17 , 1905 – June 16 , 1989 ) was a successful California business person and autodealer , and headed President Ronald Reagan 's unofficial `` Kitchen Cabinet '' .
Early life and career
Tuttle was born in Tuttle , Oklahoma . The city is named for Tuttle 's father . In 1923 , at the age of seventeen , Tuttle began their automotive career by going to work at the Ford Parts facility in Oklahoma City . Although Ford had a policy of not hiring anyone under the age of twenty-one , Tuttle , who stood well over 6 feet , was referred by a banker who knew Tuttles ' father . They traveled west in 1926 , to Los Angeles , aboard a freight train , until they and their friend , who had talked them into moving to California , were caught by a train agent and thrown off . They convinced a well-to-do lady , whose driver had broken their leg , to let them drive them to California . They were employed as a parts manager at a Ford dealership . They opened their own dealership in 1945 , which became known as Holmes Tuttle , Inc . The business was a resounding success and evolved into fourteen dealerships in California and Arizona . One of their first dealerships was located in Los Angeles . In the late 1940s Holmes was offered the national distributorship for a European manufacturer . Tuttle turned it down . They had just lost nearly a million dollars as the distributor of the English Ford and stated that `` ... if our returning GIs would n't buy a car built by our English allies , then they certainly wo n't buy a car built in Germany called a Volkswagen . '' In the mid-1950s Ford Motor Co. , asked Mr. Tuttle to talk to a dealer in Tucson , Arizona , who was ill and needed to sell their Ford store . After meeting for about 15 minutes , Holmes Tuttle agreed to buy Monte Mansfield Ford . Today , more than a half century later , this dealership is still Holmes Tuttle Ford .
Political involvement
Though they never held public office , Tuttle was very involved in political affairs of the times . Their political involvement began in 1952 , when they campaigned for General Dwight D. Eisenhower . They later campaigned for Richard Nixon , Barry Goldwater , and Gerald Ford as well . According to their son , Robert Tuttle , Holmes was a delegate to every Republican National Convention from 1960 to 1984 .
Tuttle led a group of California business people as they encouraged movie actor Ronald Reagan to run for Governor of California in 1966 . Their reasoning was , `` Would you rather vote for a candidate who has spent their life in politics , has never really worked for a living , or created jobs in the private sector while clawing their way to the top and who is beholden to many other politicians for their success in Washington ? Or would you rather have a candidate who is backed by very successful capitalists who have created dozens of companies and tens of thousands of jobs , people who know what it takes to attain success within our system ? ''
Upon Reagan 's election , Tuttle assisted in screening people for cabinet positions . They later worked on Reagan 's 1976 and 1980 presidential campaigns . When Reagan was sworn in as president in 1981 , Tuttle and fellow business person Justin Whitlock Dart `` sat down with the President and gave our impression of the budget . We keep saying the same thing : cut , cut and then cut some more . ''
Family
Their son Robert Holmes Tuttle worked in the White House under President Reagan , and was later Ambassador to the UK during George W. Bush 's second term .
Their grandnephew is Jim Click , one of the largest auto dealers in southern Arizona .
Death
Tuttle died at Cottage Hospital in Montecito , California , aged 83 in 1989 . According to their son , Tuttle died of complications stemming from a stroke they suffered several weeks prior .
Footnotes
External links
Holmes Tuttle , Inc .
Jim Click Automotive Team
Tuttle-Click Automotive Group
1905 births
1989 deaths
American automobile salespeople
Businesspeople from California
Businesspeople from Oklahoma
California Republicans
People from Los Angeles
People from Santa Barbara County , California
People from Tuttle , Oklahoma
20th-century American businesspeople
Phoebe Carolyn Harding Votaw ( October 21 , 1879 – October 22 , 1951 ) the youngest sister of Warren G. Harding , 29th President of the United States , was a missionary , then a public officeholder in Washington D.C. before and during their administration .
They were born in Caledonia , Ohio , in 1879 , and graduated from high school in Marion , Ohio , in 1898 . To distinguish them from their mother , Phoebe Dickerson Harding , they were known by their middle name Carolyn . From 1905 to 1914 , they served as a missionary in Burma with their husband , Heber H. Votaw , a Seventh-day Adventist minister , whom they wed in 1903 . They moved to Washington while Harding was a U.S . Senator from Ohio . There , they were an early member of the Women 's Bureau of the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia , serving as a probation officer , and running a program for unwed mothers . During that period , their husband served as a clerk to Senator Harding , then as an assistant clerk for the U.S. Senate Committee on the Philippines , which Harding chaired in 1919 and 1920 .
Soon after their brother was elected to the presidency in 1920 , they were appointed to head the social service division of the U.S. Public Health Service , while their husband was named by Attorney General Harry M. Daugherty as Superintendent of Prisons and chairperson of the boards of parole at each institution . Mrs. Votaw also served as an advisor to the Federal Board of Vocation Education within the Veterans ' Bureau , which caused their name to arise during testimony in the successful prosecution of the bureau 's director , Charles R. Forbes , on corruption charges . They arranged a tour of the White House for Nan Britton , with whom Harding allegedly had an extensive affair , and their child , Elizabeth Britton .
In 1924 , after President Harding died in office , Heber Votaw 's integrity was challenged in a U.S. Senate hearing on misconduct within the Daugherty Department of Justice . William J. Burns , then the head of the Bureau of Investigation , alleged that Votaw called them off an investigation of a narcotics smuggling ring at Atlanta Federal Penitentiary , fearing the adverse publicity it would generate . They resigned the following year , citing ill health .
The Votaws lived at 7633 Carroll Avenue in Takoma Park , Maryland .
References
1879 births
1951 deaths
People from Marion County , Ohio
American Seventh-day Adventist missionaries
Seventh-day Adventist missionaries in Myanmar
Female Christian missionaries
Warren G. Harding
People from Marion , Ohio
People from Morrow County , Ohio
Presidency of Warren G. Harding
American expatriates in Myanmar
Wahaʻakuna was an ancient Hawaiian noble lady and a Chiefess of the island of Maui . They are also known as Waohaʻakuna .
Life
Wahaʻakuna was born in ancient Hawaii . Them parents are unknown today .
They married High Chief Loe of Maui , who succeeded their father Kamaloohua . The only known child of Loe and Wahaʻakuna was a son named Kahokuohua , who became a Chief of the island of Molokai . The grandson of Wahaʻakuna was called Kaulahea ; they succeeded their grandfather Loe as Kaulahea I of Maui . Through their son , Wahaʻakuna was an ancestress of later rulers of Maui .
It is unknown when Wahaʻakuna died . They were most likely buried on Maui .
See also
Loe of Maui
References
External links
The family tree of Loe , Chief of Maui
Royalty of Maui
Hawaiian royal consorts
Sainte-Croix station is located online of the tramway de Bordeaux .
Location
The station is located on Sainte-Croix quay in Bordeaux .
Close by
Église Sainte-Croix
Conservatoire
The quays
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Tram stops in Bordeaux
Railway stations in France opened in 2004
The Southwest Conference Men 's Basketball Player of the Year was an annual basketball award given to the Southwest Conference ( SWC ) 's the most outstanding player . The award was first given following the 1957–58 season and concluded after the 1995–96 season ( the SWC disbanded with four members establishing the Big 12 Conference , three members joining the Western Athletic Conference , and one joining Conference USA ) .
Key
Winners
Winners by school
References
page 129
page 57
page 138
page 138
page 129
page 167
NCAA Division I men 's basketball conference players of the year
Player Of The Year
Awards disestablished in 1996
Al Weisel ( July 18 , 1963 – February 27 , 2010 ) was a freelance writer who lived in New York City .
Weisel graduated from Columbia University in 1987 . They wrote for Rolling Stone , The Washington Post , New York Newsday , and Us Magazine . They also wrote for Premiere , Spin , Tracks , George , Travel & Leisure , Out , Time Out New York , and the Bulletin ( Australia ) . From 1999 to 2002 they were the Movies Editor at CDNow where they launched the video/DVD section .
In October 2005 , they published Live Fast , Die Young : The Wild Ride of Making Rebel Without a Cause ( ) , a book they co-authored with Larry Frascella , which explores the making of the film Rebel Without a Cause and in particular the relationships between director Nicholas Ray and leading actors James Dean and Natalie Wood . They authored a satirical political blog under the pseudonym Jon Swift . There they wrote : `` I am a reasonable conservative who likes to write about politics and culture . Since the media is biased I get all my news from Fox News , Rush Limbaugh and Jay Leno monologues . ''
They died on February 27 , 2010 .
References
Writers from New York City
1963 births
2010 deaths
Place of birth missing
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
American writers
American bloggers
The rufous-vented tit ( Periparus rubidiventris ) is an Asian songbird species in the tit and chickadee family ( Paridae ) . Some of its subspecies were formerly assigned to its western relative the rufous-naped tit ( P. rufonuchalis ) , or these two were considered entirely conspecific .
Taxonomy
The tit was formerly placed in the genus Parus . The four subspecies are :
Periparus rubidiventris rubidiventris – S rim of the Himalayas from NW to NE India and N Nepal .
Periparus rubidiventris beavani ( Jerdon , 1863 ) – Beavan 's rufous-vented tit – S rim of the Himalayas in NE India and Bhutan .
Periparus rubidiventris whistleri – SE rim of the Himalayas in SW China and adjacent N Myanmar and extreme NE India . Sometimes included in beavani .
Periparus rubidiventris saramatii – Very localised in NW Myanmar .
Distribution and habitat
This tit is a native of the western Himalayas , but has a very large range , occurring in parts of Bhutan , China , Pakistan , India , Myanmar and Nepal . Its natural habitats are boreal forests and temperate forests . In Bhutan for example , P. r. beavani is a rather common all-year resident in moist Bhutan fir ( Abies densa ) forests , between approximately 3,000 and 4,000 meters ASL . Widespread and by no means rare , it is not considered a threatened species by the IUCN .
Footnotes
References
Bangs , Outram ( 1932 ) : Birds of western China obtained by the Kelley-Roosevelts expedition . Field Mus . Nat . Hist . Zool . Ser . 18 ( 11 ) : 343–379 . Fulltext at the Internet Archive
Gill , Frank B. ; Slikas , Beth & Sheldon , Frederick H. ( 2005 ) : Phylogeny of titmice ( Paridae ) : II . Species relationships based on sequences of the mitochondrial cytochrome-b gene . Auk 122 ( 1 ) : 121–143 . DOI : 10.1642/0004-8038 ( 2005 ) 122 [ 0121 : POTPIS ] 2.0.CO ; 2 HTML abstract
Inskipp , Carol ; Inskipp , Tim & Sherub ( 2000 ) : The ornithological importance of Thrumshingla National Park , Bhutan . Forktail 14 : 147–162 . PDF fulltext
External links
rufous-vented tit
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Central China
Birds of Yunnan
rufous-vented tit
rufous-vented tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Vakarel Saddle , Smith Island
Valchan Peak , Sentinel Range
Valchedram Island , Livingston Island
Valkosel Ridge , Oscar II Coast
Valoga Glacier , Sentinel Range
Vanand Peak , Sentinel Range
Vapa Cove , Liège Island
Vaptsarov Peak , Livingston Island
Varad Point , Foyn Coast
Varbak Point , Smith Island
Vardim Rocks , Livingston Island
Vardun Point , Graham Coast
Varna Peninsula , Livingston Island
Varshets Saddle , Smith Island
Vartop Point , Graham Coast
Varvara Cove , Nelson Island
Vasilev Bay , Livingston Island
Vaskidovich Ridge , Alexander Island
Vaugondy Island , Biscoe Islands
Vazharov Peak , Liège Island
Vazov Point , Livingston Island
Vazov Rock , Livingston Island
Vedena Cove , Smith Island
Vedrare Nunatak , Nordenskjöld Coast
Velcha Cove , Astrolabe Island
Veleka Ridge , Livingston Island
Veles Bastion , Brabant Island
Velichkov Knoll , Davis Coast
Velikan Point , Smith Island
Velingrad Peninsula , Graham Coast
Venchan Bluff , Brabant Island
Venev Point , Low Island
Verdikal Gap , Trinity Peninsula
Veregava Ridge , Sentinel Range
Vergilov Ridge , Livingston Island
Vergilov Rocks , Livingston Island
Verila Glacier , Livingston Island
Versinikia Peak , Sentinel Range
Veselie Glacier , Oscar II Coast
Veshka Point , Graham Coast
Vetrilo Rocks , Wilhelm Archipelago
Vetrino Glacier , Smith Island
Vetrovala Peak , Trinity Peninsula
Veyka Point , Two Hummock Island
Viamata Saddle , Brabant Island
Vicha Glacier , Sentinel Range
Vidbol Glacier , Danco Coast
Vidin Heights , Livingston Island
Vidul Glacier , Sentinel Range
Vihren Peak , Livingston Island
Vilare Island , Robert Island
Vineh Peak , Rugged Island
Vinitsa Cove , Davis Coast
Vinogradi Peak , Trinity Peninsula
Vinson Plateau , Vinson Massif
Vishegrad Knoll , Trinity Peninsula
Vishna Pass , Oscar II Coast
Viskyar Ridge , Greenwich Island
Vit Ice Piedmont , Sentinel Range
Vitosha Saddle , Livingston Island
Vladaya Saddle , Livingston Island
Vladigerov Passage , Biscoe Islands
Voden Heights , Oscar II Coast
Vodoley Rock , Livingston Island
Vokil Point , Snow Island
Vola Ridge , Alexander Island
Vologes Ridge , Foyn Coast
Volov Peak , Davis Coast
Volturnus Lake , Livingston Island
Voluyak Rocks , Greenwich Island
Voysil Peak , Sentinel Range
Voyteh Point , Livingston Island
Vrabcha Cove , Robert Island
Vrachesh Glacier , Nordenskjöld Coast
Vranya Pass , Sentinel Range
Vratsa Peak , Greenwich Island
Vrelo Peak , Oscar II Coast
Vromos Island , Anvers Island
Vund Point , Rugged Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica . Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia , 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart . Antarctica : An Encyclopedia . Jefferson , N.C. and London : McFarland , 2011 . 1771 pp .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian Names in Antarctica . Sofia : Manfred Wörner Foundation , 2021 . Second edition . 539 pp . ( in Bulgarian )
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Kaev Seima ( ) is a district ( srok ) located in Mondulkiri Province , in Cambodia .
References
Districts of Mondulkiri province
The Polish hip hop scene was born in the early 1990s , due to the popularity of American rap . Nevertheless , rap style in Polish music has its deep roots in the 1980s Polish punk rock , alternative rock , disco and funk music .
Polish hip-hop artists are well-known performers across Europe , especially in the former Eastern Bloc . Many rappers from Poland are collaborating with artists from Europe , the USA and even Cuba .
History
The first album by a Polish performer was East on the Mic by PM Cool Lee , which featured two songs in Polish . Lee was from Kielce , but Warsaw soon emerged as a center for hip hop , after KOLOR , a radio station , began broadcasting Kolor Shock , hosted by Bogna Świątkowska , Paul Jackson , an African American expatriate , Sylvia Opoku from London , and DJ Volt , whose crew , 1kHz , became performing stars in their own right in 1995 . Volt also founded the first Polish independent hip hop label , Beat Records . Although the label did not last long , it did introduce groups like Trzyha and Molesta . In Poznań , PH Kopalnia 's Polski Rap - Zakazane Piosenki ( Polish rap - Forbidden Songs ) .
Now known as Liroy , the former PM Cool Lee released Alboom in 1995 , which included the hit `` Scyzoryk '' ( Penknife ) .
The most recognizable Polish hip hop band abroad is probably WWO , which is no longer active since 2006 . Sokół ( who is also the owner of the Prosto Label and the Prosto Wear company ) since then recorded 3 albums with Pono and 2 with Marysia Starosta ( who was also Sokół 's fiancée ) . Jędker abandoned the Polish rap scene to make dance music with Robert M as Monopol ( for which they are mocked and disrespected by the present Polish rap scene and most of the listeners ) and DJ Deszczu Strugi is an owner of Otra Barwa Studio .
List of best-selling hip-hop music artists in Poland
General
Rappers
Bands
Duets
Singers
Producers
Foreign
See also
List of Polish musicians and musical groups # Hip-hop/rap
Notes
a . Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Alboom ( 1995 ) - 4xPlatinum - 800,000 copies sold , Bafangoo Cz.1 ( 1996 ) - Gold - 100,000 copies sold , L ( 1997 ) - Gold - 100,000 copies sold , Dzień Szakala ( Bafangoo Cz.2 ) ( 1999 ) - Platinum - 100,000 copies sold , and Bestseller ( 2001 ) - Gold - 50,000 copies sold .
b . Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for Slums Attack : Na legalu ? ( 2001 ) - Platinum - 100,000 copies sold , Najlepszą obroną jest atak ( 2005 ) - Gold - 17,500 copies sold , Szacunek ludzi ulicy ( 2006 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , Fturując ( 2006 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , Reedukacja ( 2011 ) - Platinum - 30,000 copies sold , and CNO2 ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold . For Peja : Styl życia G'N.O.J.A . ( 2008 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold , and Na serio ( 2009 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
c. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for O.S.T.R . : HollyŁódź ( 2007 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , Ja tu tylko sprzątam ( 2008 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , O.c.b . ( 2009 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , Tylko dla dorosłych ( 2010 ) - Platinum - 30,000 copies sold , and Jazz , dwa , trzy ( 2011 ) - Platinum - 30,000 copies sold . For O.S.T.R . & Hades : Haos ( 2014 ) - 30,000 copies sold . For O.S.T.R . & Marco Polo : Kartagina ( 2013 ) - 15,000 copies sold . For POE ( Projekt Ostry Emade ) Złodzieje zapalniczek ( 2010 ) - 15,000 copies sold .
d. Based on album certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Równonoc . Słowiańska Dusza ( 2012 ) - Diamond - 75,000 copies sold .
e. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Skandal ( 1998 ) - Gold - 50,000 copies sold , and Molesta i kumple ( 2008 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
f. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for Sokół & Marysia Starosta : Czysta brudna prawda ( 2011 ) - Platinum - 30,000 copies sold , and Czarna biała magia ( 2013 ) - Platinum - 30,000 copies sold . For Sokół fest Pono : Teraz pieniądz w cenie ( 2007 ) - 15,000 copies sold .
g. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Droga ( 2009 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , Jedność ( 2011 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , Lojalność ( 2011 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , and Braterstwo ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
h. Based on album certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : W 63 minuty dookoła świata ( 1998 ) - Gold - 50,000 copies sold .
i . Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Kwiaty zła ( 2008 ) - Platinum - 15,000 copies sold , Dowód rzeczowy nr 1 ( 2010 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , and Dowód rzeczowy nr 2 ( 2011 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
j . Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for Miuosh : Piąta strona świata ( 2011 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , and Prosto przed siebie ( 2012 ) - Platinum - 30,000 copies sold . Fo Onar & Miuosh Nowe światło ( 2013 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
k. Based on album certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Wideoteka ( 2003 ) - Gold - 35,000 copies sold .
l. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : WGW ( 2011 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , and Jeden z Was ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
m. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Witam was w rzeczywistości ( 2005 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , and Życie na kredycie ( 2005 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
n. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Nie pytaj o nią ( 2008 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold , and Zapiski z 1001 nocy ( 2010 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
o . Based on album certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Rekontatk ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
p. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for Pezet & Małolat : Dziś w moim mieście ( 2010 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold . For Pezet : Radio Pezet . Produkcja Sidney Polak ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
q . Based on album certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for Mezo , Tabb & Kasia Wilk : Eudaimonia ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
r. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Note2 ( 2009 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold , FuckTede/Glam Rap ( 2010 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold , Mefistotedes ( 2012 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold , and Elliminati ( 2013 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold .
s. Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : Złodzieje czasu ( 2009 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold , Dolina klaunoow ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
t. Based on album certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for Łona & Webber : Cztery i pół ( 2011 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
u . Based on album certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for Kali : 50/50 ( 2011 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold , Gdy zgaśnie Słońce ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold . For Paluch & Kali : Milion dróg do śmierci ( 2013 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold . For Paluch : Lepszego życia diler ( 2013 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
w. Based on album certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : 23:55 ( 2010 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
x . Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : for Ten Typ Mes : Kandydaci na szaleńców ( 2011 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold . For Popek : Monster ( 2013 ) - Gold - 7,500 copies sold . For Firma : Nasza broń to nasza pasja ( 2011 ) - Gold - 5,000 copies sold . For Zeus : Zeus . Nie żyje ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold . For Parias : Parias ( 2011 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold . For Paktofonika : Muzyka z filmu Jesteś Bogiem ( 2012 ) - Gold - 15,000 copies sold .
y . Based on albums certified by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry : The Marshall Mathers LP 2 ( 2004 ) - Platinum - 20,000 copies sold , Encore ( 2004 ) - Gold - 20,000 copies sold , The Eminem Show ( 2002 ) - Gold 20,000 copies sold , The Marshall Mathers ( 2000 ) - Platinum 40,000 copies sold .
References
Additional sources
For certification criteria by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry between 2002-2005 ( with time frame ) Radek Miszczak , Andrzej Cała : Beaty , Rymy , Życie : Leksykon muzyki hip-hop . Poznań , Poland : Kurpisz S.A. , 2005 , page 22. .
For certification criteria by Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry before 2002 ( without time frame )
Mătăsari is a commune in Gorj County , Oltenia , Romania . It is composed of five villages : Brădet , Brădețel , Croici , Mătăsari and Runcurel .
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Delong is either a surname of French origin or a masculine given name of Chinese origin . DeLong and De Long are variants of the surname of French origin . Notable people with the names include :
Surname
Alana DeLong , Canadian politician
Allison DeLong ( born 1940 ) , Canadian politician
Candice DeLong ( born 1950 ) , American criminologist
Delmar DeLong ( 1931–1999 ) , American politician
Elizabeth DeLong , American bio-statistician
Gary DeLong , American soccer player
George B . De Long ( ? –1924 ) , American real estate business person assassinated in Albania
George W. De Long ( 1844–1881 ) , American naval officer and arctic explorer
J. Bradford DeLong ( born 1960 ) , American economist
Jesse Delong ( 1805–1868 ) , Canadian politician
Joe DeLong ( born 1972 ) , American politician
Keith DeLong ( born 1967 ) , American football player
Mahlon DeLong , American neurologist
Michael P. DeLong ( 1945–2018 ) , American Marine general
Phillip C. DeLong ( 1919–2006 ) , American Marine officer
Richard DeLong , American singer
Russell V. DeLong ( 1901–1981 ) , American minister and college president
Sidney Randolph DeLong ( 1875–1914 ) , American politician
Solomon DeLong ( 1849–1925 ) , Pennsylvania Dutch writer and journalist
Sophie Delong ( born 1957 ) , French politician
Steve DeLong ( 1943–2010 ) , American football player
Robert C. DeLong ( 1922-1997 ) , American Veteran and Businessman
Given name
Ding Delong ( 1904–1996 ) , Chinese military officer
Jia Delong ( born 1985 ) , Chinese baseball player
Xu Delong ( 1952–2018 ) , Chinese materials scientist
Other uses
Delong , Indiana
DeLong , Pleasants County , West Virginia
DeLong Star Ruby
Surnames
Given names
Surnames of French origin
French-language surnames
Chinese masculine given names
Walnut Grove is an unincorporated community in Logan County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .
History
Walnut Grove was laid out in 1854 , and named for a grove of black walnut trees near the original town site . A post office called Walnut Grove was established in 1890 , and remained in operation until 1902 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Logan County , Ohio
1854 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1854
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The 2001–02 QMJHL season was the 33rd season in the history of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League . The league inaugurates the Luc Robitaille Trophy for the team that scored the most goals during the regular season . Sixteen teams played 72 games each in the schedule . The Acadie-Bathurst Titan finished first overall in the regular season winning their first Jean Rougeau Trophy since relocating from Laval . The Victoriaville Tigres won their first President 's Cup since relocating from Longueuil , by defeating the Acadie-Bathurst Titan in the finals .
Final standings
Note : GP = Games played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; OTL = Overtime loss ; Pts = Points ; GF = Goals for ; GA = Goals against
Lebel Conference
Dilio Conference
complete list of standings .
Scoring leaders
Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points ; PIM = Penalty minutes
complete scoring statistics
Playoffs
All-star teams
First team
Goaltender - Dany Dallaire , Halifax Mooseheads
Left defence - Danny Groulx , Victoriaville Tigres
Right defence - David Cloutier , Val-d'Or Foreurs / Cape Breton Screaming Eagles
Left winger - Charles Linglet , Baie-Comeau Drakkar
Centreman - Pierre-Marc Bouchard , Chicoutimi Saguenéens
Right winger - Jason Pominville , Shawinigan Cataractes
Coach - Real Paiement , Acadie-Bathurst Titan
Second team
Goaltender - Adam Russo , Acadie-Bathurst Titan
Left defence - Mathieu Dumas , Cape Breton Screaming Eagles
Right defence - Jean-François David , Shawinigan Cataractes
Left winger - Philippe Lacasse , Hull Olympiques
Centreman - Yanick Lehoux , Baie-Comeau Drakkar
Right winger - Ales Hemsky , Hull Olympiques
Coach - Pascal Vincent , Cape Breton Screaming Eagles
Rookie team
Goaltender - Jeff Drouin-Deslauriers , Chicoutimi Saguenéens
Left defence - Martin Vagner , Hull Olympiques
Right defence - Jesse Lane , Hull Olympiques
Left winger - Jean-François Jacques , Baie-Comeau Drakkar
Centreman - Benoît Mondou , Baie-Comeau Drakkar
Right winger - Steve Bernier , Moncton Wildcats
Coach - Benoit Groulx , Hull Olympiques
List of First/Second/Rookie team all-stars .
Trophies and awards
Team
President 's Cup - Playoff Champions , Victoriaville Tigres
Jean Rougeau Trophy - Regular Season Champions , Acadie-Bathurst Titan
Luc Robitaille Trophy - Team that scored the most goals , Baie-Comeau Drakkar & Shawinigan Cataractes
Robert Lebel Trophy - Team with best GAA , Halifax Mooseheads
Player
Michel Brière Memorial Trophy - Most Valuable Player , Pierre-Marc Bouchard , Chicoutimi Saguenéens
Jean Béliveau Trophy - Top Scorer , Pierre-Marc Bouchard , Chicoutimi Saguenéens
Guy Lafleur Trophy - Playoff MVP , Danny Groulx , Victoriaville Tigres
Telus Cup – Offensive - Offensive Player of the Year , Pierre-Marc Bouchard , Chicoutimi Saguenéens
Telus Cup – Defensive - Defensive Player of the Year , Eric Lafrance , Hull Olympiques & Jean-Francois David , Drummondville Voltigeurs
AutoPro Plaque - Best plus/minus total , Jonathan Bellemare , Shawinigan Cataractes
Philips Plaque - Best faceoff percentage , Pierre-Luc Emond , Cape Breton Screaming Eagles
Jacques Plante Memorial Trophy - Best GAA , Olivier Michaud , Shawinigan Cataractes
Emile Bouchard Trophy - Defenceman of the Year , Danny Groulx , Victoriaville Tigres
Mike Bossy Trophy - Best Pro Prospect , Pierre-Marc Bouchard , Chicoutimi Saguenéens
RDS Cup - Rookie of the Year , Benoit Mondou , Baie-Comeau Drakkar
Michel Bergeron Trophy - Offensive Rookie of the Year , Benoit Mondou , Baie-Comeau Drakkar
Raymond Lagacé Trophy - Defensive Rookie of the Year , Jeff Drouin-Deslauriers , Chicoutimi Saguenéens
Frank J. Selke Memorial Trophy - Most sportsmanlike player , Jason Pominville , Shawinigan Cataractes
QMJHL Humanitarian of the Year - Humanitarian of the Year , Jonathan Bellemare , Shawinigan Cataractes
Marcel Robert Trophy - Best Scholastic Player , Olivier Michaud , Shawinigan Cataractes
Paul Dumont Trophy - Personality of the Year , Olivier Michaud , Shawinigan Cataractes
Executive
Ron Lapointe Trophy - Coach of the Year , Real Paiement , Acadie-Bathurst Titan
John Horman Trophy - Executive of the Year , Chicoutimi Saguenéens organization
St-Clair Group Plaque - Marketing Director of the Year , Sylvie Fortier , Baie-Comeau Drakkar
See also
2002 Memorial Cup
2002 NHL Entry Draft
2001–02 OHL season
2001–02 WHL season
References
Official QMJHL Website
www.hockeydb.com/
Quebec Major Junior Hockey League seasons
QMJHL
Dowlatabad ( , also Romanized as Dowlatābād ) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 7 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
Rolling to You ( ) is a 2018 French comedy film directed by Franck Dubosc .
Cast
Franck Dubosc as Jocelyn
Alexandra Lamy as Florence
Elsa Zylberstein as Marie
Gérard Darmon as Max
as Julie
Laurent Bateau as Lucien
Claude Brasseur as Jocelyn 's father
François-Xavier Demaison as The priest
Accolades
References
External links
2018 films
2018 comedy films
French comedy films
2010s French films
Tennant Peak ( ) is a peak 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) south of Gould Peak in the south group of the Rockefeller Mountains on Edward VII Peninsula . Discovered by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition ( 1928–30 ) and named by Byrd for George W. Tennant , cook on the expedition .
Mountains of King Edward VII Land
`` Missin ' You Crazy '' is a song recorded by American country music artist Jon Pardi . It was released in March 2012 as Pardi 's first single . It is included on their album Write You a Song , which was released on January 14 , 2014 . The song was written by Pardi , Bart Butler and Monty Holmes . The song garnered mixed reviews from critics . `` Missin ' You Crazy '' reached numbers 25 and 29 on both the Billboard Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs charts respectively . The accompanying music video for the song was directed by The Edde Brothers .
Critical reception
Billy Dukes of Taste of Country gave the song three stars out of five , writing that `` this song fails to leave its stamp on one 's emotions . Nothing lingers , and there 's no sense of urgency to hear it again . '' Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave the song a favorable review , saying that `` the vocals are strongly country and the production allows room for fiddle and steel guitars to be more than just background flavor . ''
Music video
The music video was directed by The Edde Brothers and premiered in July 2012 .
Chart performance
`` Missin ' You Crazy '' debuted at number 58 on the U.S . Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of April 14 , 2012 .
Year-end charts
References
2012 debut singles
2012 songs
Jon Pardi songs
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Songs written by Monty Holmes
Songs written by Jon Pardi
Songs written by Bart Butler
Herman Hilton ( first ¼ 1894 – first ¼ 1947 ) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1910s and 1920s . They played at representative level for Great Britain , England , Lancashire , and at club level for Healey Street ARLFC ( in Springhead , near Oldham ) , and Oldham ( Heritage № 158 ) ( captain ) , as a , or , i.e . number 8 or 10 , or , 11 or 12 , 13 , during the era of contested scrums . Hilton is an Oldham Hall Of Fame Inductee .
Hilton was selected to go on the 1920 Great Britain Lions tour of Australasia . They won caps for Great Britain while at Oldham in 1920 against Australia ( 3 matches ) , and New Zealand ( 3 matches ) , and in 1922 against Australia . Hilton also won caps for England while at Oldham in 1921 against Wales , Other Nationalities , and Australia ,
Background
Herman Hilton 's birth was registered in Springhead , near Oldham and their death aged 52–53 was registered in Blackpool , Lancashire ,
Playing career
Championship Final appearances
Hilton played right- , i.e . number 10 , in Oldham 's 2-13 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1921–22 season at The Cliff , Broughton on Saturday 6 May 1922 .
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Herman Hilton played in Oldham 's 4-21 defeat by Wigan in the 1924 Challenge Cup Final during the 1923–24 season at Athletic Grounds , Rochdale on Saturday 12 April 1924 , and played , and was captain in the 16-3 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1925 Challenge Cup Final during the 1924–25 season at Headingley Rugby Stadium .
County Cup Final appearances
About Herman Hilton 's time , there was Oldham 's 5-7 defeat by Warrington in the 1921 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1921–22 season at The Cliff , Broughton , Salford on Saturday 3 December 1921 , they played in Oldham 's 7-0 victory over Rochdale Hornets in the 1919–20 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1919–20 season at The Willows , Salford on Saturday 6 December 1919 , and played left- , i.e . number 8 , in the 10-0 victory over St Helens Recs in the 1924 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1924–25 season at The Willows , Salford on Saturday 22 November 1924 .
Club career
Herman Hilton transferred from Healey Street ARLFC to Oldham in November 1913 , they made their début for Oldham against Leeds at the Watersheddings , Oldham on Monday 15 December 1913 , they suffered a serious illness following the end of the 1924–25 season , they attempted a comeback , and they played their last match for Oldham against Wigan in November 1925 , after which they retired from playing .
References
External links
( archived by web.archive.org ) Roughyeds sign a legend
Statistics at orl-heritagetrust.org.uk
Search for `` Herman Hilton '' at britishnewspaperarchive.co.uk
1894 births
1947 deaths
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Oldham R.L.F.C . captains
Oldham R.L.F.C . players
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Oldham
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
Natalia Krachinnekova ( ; in Stavropol , Russia SSR ) is a former individual rhythmic gymnast who competed for the Soviet Union . They are the 1979 World All-around silver medalist .
Career
Krachinnekova competed in 2 World Championships , they took the all-around bronze medal at the 1973 World Championships behind teammate Galina Shugurova , they won silver in ball , ribbon and clubs in the event finals . They made the Soviet team again in 1977 at the 1977 World Championships in Basel where they won bronze in hoop and ball .
References
External links
Rhythmic Gymnastics Results
Living people
Russian rhythmic gymnasts
Soviet rhythmic gymnasts
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Charles Sidney Grodin ( April 21 , 1935 – May 18 , 2021 ) was an American actor , comedian , author , and television talk show host . Grodin began their acting career in the 1960s appearing in TV serials including The Virginian . After a small part in Rosemary 's Baby in 1968 , they played the lead in Elaine May 's The Heartbreak Kid ( 1972 ) and supporting roles in Mike Nichols 's Catch-22 ( 1970 ) , the 1976 remake of King Kong , and Warren Beatty 's Heaven Can Wait ( 1978 ) .
Known for their deadpan delivery and often cast as a put-upon straight man , Grodin became familiar as a supporting actor in many Hollywood comedies of the era , including Real Life ( 1979 ) , Seems Like Old Times ( 1980 ) , The Great Muppet Caper ( 1981 ) , Ishtar ( 1987 ) , Dave ( 1993 ) , and Clifford ( 1994 ) . Grodin co-starred in the action comedy Midnight Run ( 1988 ) and in the family film Beethoven ( 1992 ) . They made frequent appearances on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson and Late Night with David Letterman .
In the mid-1990s , Grodin retired from acting and wrote autobiographies ; they became a talk show host on CNBC and in 2000 a political commentator for 60 Minutes II . They returned to acting with a handful of roles in the mid-2010s , including in Louis C.K . 's FX show Louie and Noah Baumbach 's film While We 're Young ( 2014 ) .
Grodin won several awards , including the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Special in 1978 for the Paul Simon Special alongside Chevy Chase , Lorne Michaels , Paul Simon , and Lily Tomlin . They were also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for The Heartbreak Kid in 1972 . They won Best Actor at the 1988 Valladolid International Film Festival for Midnight Run , and the American Comedy Award for Funniest Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture for their performance in Dave in 1993 .
Early life
Grodin was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , to Orthodox Jewish parents , Theodore , who owned a store that sold wholesale supplies , and Lena ( née Singer ) , who worked in their husband 's business and volunteered for disabled veterans . Their paternal grandfather had changed the family name from Grodinsky to Grodin . Their maternal grandfather was an immigrant from Russia who `` came from a long line of rabbis '' and moved to Baltimore at the turn of the 20th century . Grodin had an older brother named Jack .
Grodin graduated as valedictorian from Peabody High School , where they were elected class president all four years . They attended the University of Miami but left without graduating to pursue acting . They studied acting at HB Studio in New York City under Uta Hagen .
Career
1950s/1960s : Early career
Grodin 's film debut was an uncredited bit part in Disney 's 1954 film 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea . A student of Lee Strasberg and Uta Hagen , they made their Broadway debut in a production of Tchin-Tchin , opposite Anthony Quinn . In 1965 , they became an assistant to director Gene Saks and appeared on several television series including The Virginian .
Grodin had a small but pivotal part playing an obstetrician in the 1968 horror film Rosemary 's Baby . In 1964 , they played Matt Stevens on the ABC soap opera The Young Marrieds . During the late 1960s , they also co-wrote and directed Hooray ! It 's a Glorious Day ... and All That , a Broadway play , and directed Lovers and Other Strangers and Thieves , also on Broadway . They also directed Simon and Garfunkel 's television special Songs of America in 1969 . However , they turned down the part of Benjamin Braddock in The Graduate because of the low salary offered by producer Lawrence Turman , although Turman assured them that the part would make them a star , as it ultimately did for Dustin Hoffman .
1970s/1980s
After a supporting role in the 1970 comedy film Catch-22 , Grodin gained recognition as a comedy actor when they played the lead role in the 1972 film The Heartbreak Kid . Grodin subsequently appeared in several films during the decade , including the 1976 version of King Kong , the hit 1978 comedy Heaven Can Wait , and Albert Brooks 's 1979 comedy Real Life . They both starred in and wrote the screenplay for 11 Harrowhouse ( 1974 ) . During the 1970s , they also frequently appeared on Broadway and was involved in producing several plays .
In 1981 , they landed a role in The Great Muppet Caper playing Nicky Holiday , a jewel thief who falls in love with Miss Piggy . They also appeared that same year opposite Lily Tomlin in The Incredible Shrinking Woman . Their 1980s roles included Neil Simon 's Seems Like Old Times ( opposite Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn ) and 1988 's well-reviewed comedy Midnight Run , a buddy movie co-starring Robert De Niro . Grodin also appeared in the 1986 CBS prime-time-soap sendup Fresno , playing the evil son of a raisin matriarch ( Carol Burnett ) .
Their Hollywood film roles of the 1980s usually saw them cast as uptight , bland , and world-weary white collar professionals , such as a psychiatrist having a nervous breakdown ( The Couch Trip ) , a health conscious accountant ( Midnight Run ) , an ineffectual advertising executive ( Taking Care of Business ) , and a lonely , socially awkward nerd ( The Lonely Guy ) . They were cast against this type as a scheming CIA agent in Ishtar .
Commenting on their work with regard to Ishtar , Hal Hinson in The Washington Post observed : `` Grodin has a one-of-a-kind quality on the screen , a sort of inspired spinelessness . And with their cat-burglar rhythms – they seem to play all their scenes as if someone were asleep in the next room – he 's become a very sly scene-stealer . '' Sandra Brennan at Rovi noted that : `` Whereas many funnymen have been popular for their ability to overreact and mug their way around everyday obstacles , Grodin belonged , from the beginning , to the Bob Newhart school of wry comedy that values understatement and subtlety . ''
Aside from their film work , they were a frequent presence on television . In 1977 , Grodin hosted an episode of the NBC sketch show Saturday Night Live , where the entire episode revolved around their forgetting that the show was live , and they proceeded to wreck sketches because of their failure to prepare accordingly . Their many talk show appearances from the 1970s to the early 2020s often included confrontational and mock angry segments . At one time Johnny Carson `` banned '' them from The Tonight Show appearances after taking offense at things Grodin had said . The NBC network would receive angry letters from viewers who did n't understand the joke that they were playing a persona , trying to be as different from typical talk show guests as possible . Their appearances on Late Night With David Letterman would sometimes erupt into shouting and name-calling , but Letterman always enjoyed Grodin 's segments .
1990s/2000s : Family films and talk show host
Grodin 's career took a turn in 1992 , when they played the nervous family man George Newton in the kids ' comedy Beethoven , opposite Bonnie Hunt . The film was a box-office hit , and they reprised the role in the 1993 sequel , Beethoven 's 2nd . Also in 1993 , Grodin played the role of Harrison Winslow in the film Heart and Souls . After a supporting role in the acclaimed Ivan Reitman comedy Dave , Grodin signed on to play The Old
Man in the 1994 limited release sequel to A Christmas Story , It Runs in the Family ( a.k.a . My Summer Story ) . That same year also saw the much-delayed release of Clifford , in which Grodin portrayed the frustrated uncle opposite Martin Short 's title role .
From 1995 to 1999 , Grodin hosted their own issues-orientated cable news talk show , The Charles Grodin Show . It originated as a nightly show on CNBC , replacing Tom Snyder after they left to start The Late Late Show on CBS . The show was dropped by CNBC in 1998 , but aired for a final year as a weekly show on MSNBC before ending its run in late 1999 . From 2000 to 2003 , they were a political commentator for 60 Minutes II .
In 2004 , Grodin wrote The Right Kind of People , an off-Broadway play about co-op boards in certain buildings in Manhattan . Grodin 's commentaries were heard on New York City radio station WCBS and other affiliates of the CBS Radio Network , as well as on the CBS Radio Network 's Weekend Roundup .
After a 12-year-long hiatus from film , in 2006 Grodin returned to acting in the comedy The Ex starring Zach Braff .
2010s : Career resurgence
In the 2010s , Grodin made more frequent acting appearances , guest starring on television shows such as Law and Order : Special Victims Unit and The Michael J . Fox Show . Grodin had several supporting roles in films , including Barry Levinson 's The Humbling ( 2014 ) and Taylor Hackford 's The Comedian ( 2016 ) . They had a prominent supporting role in Noah Baumbach 's While We 're Young ( 2015 ) , playing a celebrated documentary filmmaker and the father of one of the lead characters .
In 2015 , Grodin was cast in a recurring role in Louis C.K . 's FX show Louie as Dr. Bigelow , C.K . 's philosophical doctor and mentor in Season 4 and 5 . In an interview with Deadline , Grodin talked about their relationship with C.K . stating , `` I find them to be the single most talented person ... I 've ever worked with , he 's a wonderful director , writer , and actor . ''
They also portrayed the philanthropist and defrauded investor Carl J. Shapiro in the 2016 miniseries Madoff on ABC based on the Bernie Madoff Ponzi scheme debacle . Their final movie was An Imperfect Murder : The Private Life of a Modern Woman , released in 2017 .
Grodin was also a prolific author and published their final book in 2013 .
Personal life
Grodin had two children : daughter Marion ( a comedian ) , from their marriage to Julie Ferguson , and son , Nicholas , from their marriage to Elissa Durwood . For a period in the 2000s , Grodin gave up show business to be a stay-at-home dad to their children .
Death
Grodin died from multiple myeloma at their home in Wilton , Connecticut , on May 18 , 2021 . They were 86 .
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
Awards and nominations
Bibliography
Plays
Grodin , Charles . Price of Fame : A Play . New York : Samuel French , 1991. .
Grodin , Charles . One of the All-Time Greats : A Comedy . New York : S. French , 1992. .
Grodin , Charles . The Right Kind of People . New York : Samuel French , 2008. .
Books
Grodin , Charles . It Would Be So Nice If You Were n't Here : My Journey Through Show Business . New York : Morrow , 1989. .
Grodin , Charles . How I Get Through Life : A Wise and Witty Guide . New York : Morrow , 1992. .
Grodin , Charles . Freddie the Fly . New York : Random House , 1993. .
Grodin , Charles . We 're Ready for You , Mr. Grodin : Behind the Scenes at Talk Shows , Movies , and Elsewhere . New York : Charles Scribner 's Sons , 1994. .
Grodin , Charles . I Like It Better When You 're Funny : Working in Television and Other Precarious Adventures . New York : Random House , 2002. .
Grodin , Charles . If I Only Knew Then ... Learning from Our Mistakes . New York : Springboard Press , 2007. .
Grodin , Charles . How I Got to Be Whoever It Is I Am . New York : Springboard Press , 2009. .
Grodin , Charles . Just When I Thought I 'd Heard Everything : Humorous Observations on Life in America . Santa Monica , Calif : Homina Publishing , 2013. .
In popular culture
Grodin is mentioned as a hero of Mac and Dennis in an episode of It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia .
They were referenced in three different episodes of The Simpsons ( I 'm Spelling as Fast as I Can , Little Big Girl and Mathlete 's Feat ) .
The Rick and Morty episode , “ Mortynight Run , ” is a reference to the film . In the episode , Jerry watches the film with other Jerrys from parallel universes .
In the Seinfeld episode `` The Doll '' Jerry Seinfeld buys a bottle of sauce because the brand 's mascot bears a resemblance to Grodin .
References
External links
Charles Grodin profile in The New York Observer
Charles Grodin 's radio commentaries at WCBS880.com
`` The Heartfelt Kid : Actor/Playwright Charles Grodin Premiers New Play in San Francisco '' , Jewish News Weekly , November 26 , 2004 .
Charles Grodin Urges New Yorkers To Mentor Kids
Interview with Charles Grodin
1935 births
2021 deaths
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male comedians
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American television talk show hosts
CNBC people
Jewish American male actors
Jewish American writers
Jewish theatre directors
Male actors from Pittsburgh
Male actors from Virginia
Writers from Virginia
People from Wilton , Connecticut
Primetime Emmy Award winners
University of Miami alumni
Jewish American male comedians
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
Comedians from Pennsylvania
Deaths from cancer in Connecticut
Deaths from multiple myeloma
21st-century American Jews
Cynthia Pusheck ( born 1964 ) is an American film and television cinematographer . They co-founded and co-chairs the ASC Vision committee that supports people from under-represented groups who hope to build a career in cinematography . They were the first woman to serve as Vice-President of the American Society of Cinematographers ( ASC ) .
Early life
Cynthia Pusheck was born in the Chicago area , and was raised in Rockford , Illinois . They attended Columbia College Chicago before moving to Los Angeles .
Cinematography
As a camera assistant , Pusheck specialised in underwater cinematography under the guidance of Peter Romano . They worked on Free Willy , White Squall , Flipper , Waterworld , Alien Resurrection , Speed 2 : Cruise Control , Baywatch and Sphere . They were the camera operator on the underwater sequences in Magnolia , Men of Honor , Tomorrow Never Dies and A Nightmare on Elm Street .
They took a job as a camera operator on CSI : Miami in 2003 , where they gained their first experience as a Director of Photography ( DP ) on the second unit . Puskheck then studied cinematography at the American Film Institute for a year in order to improve their qualifications as a cinematographer .
Pusheck has been DP on a range of television/streaming shows , most notably Brothers and Sisters , Revenge , Good Girls Revolt , Strange Angel , Sacred Lies , and The Bold Type . They have also been DP on the independent feature film Loving Annabelle .
Pusheck joined the American Society of Cinematographers ( ASC ) in 2013 , and became the first woman to be elected Vice President in 2017 . They held the VP role until 2019 .
Recognition
Pusheck received the Kodak Vision Award at the 2010 Women in Film Crystal + Lucy Awards .
Filmography
Marisol ( 2002 )
Three Days of Rain ( 2002 ) - feature film
Coachella ( 2006 ) - documentary film
Loving Annabelle ( 2006 ) - feature film
Brothers and Sisters ( 2006 ) - TV series
Revenge ( 2011-2015 ) - TV series
Good Girls Revolt ( 2016 ) - TV series
Strange Angel ( 2018–19 ) - TV series
Sacred Lies ( 2018 ) - TV series
The Bold Type ( 2017-2021 ) - TV series
References
External links
Cynthia Pusheck 's website
Cynthia Pusheck at IMDb
American cinematographers
American women cinematographers
1964 births
Living people
Columbia College Chicago alumni
AFI Conservatory alumni
Bardhaman–Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India . The constituency is spread across Paschim Bardhaman district and Purba Bardhaman district in West Bengal . All the seven assembly segments of No . 39 Bardhaman–Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency are in Paschim Bardhaman district and Purba Bardhaman district .
As per order of the Delimitation Commission in respect of the delimitation of constituencies in the West Bengal , Burdwan Lok Sabha constituency , Katwa Lok Sabha constituency and Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency ceased to exist from 2009 and new constituencies came into being : Bardhaman Purba Lok Sabha constituency and Bardhaman–Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency .
Overview
Bardhaman–Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency is a new constituency that includes both the Bardhaman and Durgapur cities and the intermediate villages . In a pre-poll feature about the constituency , The Statesman wrote , `` Shivnath Ghosh , a 55-year-old farmer of Belkash village , says , ‘ I want the Left Front to be removed from power at the earliest as their sons and family members grab every facility , employment and trade all across the region . ' ... Shivnath 's locality has witnessed a change in the guard after the Assembly and the panchayat polls , after the storm of ‘ parivartan ' but still remains gasping for a ‘ real wind of change ' ... 'Ahead of the Lok Sabha polls , we have new zamindars in the villages , especially the ‘ Red Trinamul ' cadres and they dictate the terms leaving us in absolute jeopardy . '
`` The Lok Sabha constituency has 15.81 lakh voters , 72 per cent of which comprise rural voters and 7.61 lakh female voters - the highest in the district…The state 's rice bowl also houses uncountable ailing industries…Nearly 1.5 lakh persons have lost their jobs due to retrenchment caused by the collapse of industries . ''
Assembly segments
Bardhaman–Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency ( parliamentary constituency no . 39 ) is composed of the following assembly segments :
Members of Parliament
For Members of Parliament from this area in previous years see Durgapur Lok Sabha constituency , Burdwan Lok Sabha constituency and Katwa Lok Sabha constituency .
Election results
General election 2019
General election 2014
General election 2009
References
See also
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
Lok Sabha constituencies in West Bengal
Politics of Paschim Bardhaman district
Politics of Purba Bardhaman district
Durgapur , West Bengal
Hannelore Baron ( June 8 , 1926 – April 28 , 1987 ) was an artist who created highly personal , book-sized , abstract collages and box constructions , and exhibited in the late 1960s .
Biography
Born in Dillingen/Saar , Germany , Baron and their family fled persecution in Nazi Germany , illegally crossing the border into Luxembourg in 1939 . In 1941 Baron 's family sailed from Lisbon to New York and settled in the Bronx , New York City . By the time they graduated from the Staubenmiller Textile High School in Manhattan , Baron was reading eastern philosophy , making increasingly abstract paintings and probably already experiencing the symptoms of claustrophobia and depression that would lead to a series of nervous breakdowns throughout their life . They married book dealer Herman Baron in 1950 with whom they had daughter Julie and son Mark . In the late 1950s Baron combined a variety of techniques and began making their first collages . Occupied with raising their two children and beset by psychological problems , Baron nevertheless exhibited their work and in 1969 , the year of their one-person exhibition at Ulster County Community College , they began to make the box constructions that would become their signature . In the early 1970s , Baron established a studio and devoted their time and energy completely to their artwork until their death in 1987 . Hannelore Baron was self-taught .
Although their compositions are completely abstract , they considered them to be both personal and political statements . In their own words ,
Everything I 've done is a statement on the , as they say , human condition ... the way other people march to Washington , or set themselves on fire , or write protest letters , or go to assassinate someone . Well , I 've had all the same feelings that these people had about various things , and my way out , because of my inability to do anything else for various reasons , has been to make the protest through my artwork ... H.B .
Throughout the 1970s and 1980s their work garnered critical acclaim , along with gallery and museum exhibitions in the United States , Europe and Japan . In 1995 , their work was the subject of a one-person exhibition at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York . In 2001 their work was the subject of a traveling exhibition curated by Ingrid Schaffner and organized by the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service . I works can be found in the collections of The Museum of Modern Art , New York ; the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum , New York ; the Whitney Museum of American Art , New York ; the Los Angeles County Museum of Art , The Art Institute of Chicago , the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art , the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , the Minneapolis Institute of Art and the Israel Museum , Jerusalem .
Works
Selected Public Collections
Albright-Knox Art Gallery , Buffalo , New York
The Art Institute of Chicago , Chicago , Illinois
Bass Museum , Miami , Florida
The Brooklyn Museum , Brooklyn , New York
The Chrysler Museum , Norfolk , Virginia
Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum , New York City
Hammer Museum , Los Angeles , California
Hudson River Museum , Yonkers , New York
Israel Museum , Jerusalem , Israel
The Jewish Museum , New York City
Kunstsammlung der Stadt Reutlingen , Reutlingen , Germany
St. Lawrence University , Canton , New York
Los Angeles County Museum of Art , Los Angeles , California
Milwaukee Art Museum , Milwaukee , Wisconsin
Minneapolis Institute of Art , Minneapolis , Minnesota
Modern Galerie des Saarland Museums , Saarbrücken , Germany
The Museum of Modern Art , New York City
The Boston Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , Massachusetts
The Smithsonian American Art Museum , Washington , D.C .
The New York Public Library , New York City
Racine Art Museum , Racine , Wisconsin
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art , San Francisco , California
Santa Barbara Museum of Art , Santa Barbara , California
Skirball Museum and Cultural Center , Los Angeles , California
Ulster County Community College , Stone Ridge , New York
References
Further reading
Frederic Koeppel , essay , Hannelore Baron Fragments Shored Against Ruins , Art Museum of the University of Memphis , 2002
Ingrid Schaffner , Hannelore Baron Works from 1969 to 1987 , Smithsonian Institution , 2001
Ingrid Schaffner and Matthias Winzen , Deep Storage : Collecting , Storing , and Archiving in Art , P.S . 1 Contemporary Art Center , New York , 1998
External links
Michael Rosenfeld Gallery
Estate of Hannelore Baron
1926 births
1987 deaths
People from Dillingen ( district )
German emigrants to the United States
People from the Bronx
20th-century American artists
20th-century American women artists
Jiří Nigrin ( Černý ) z Černého Mostu , since about 1590 titled z Nigropontu ( died 1606 ) was an important printer in Prague between 1572 and 1606 . Among other works , Nigrin published many of the compositions of renaissance composer Jacobus Gallus .
Literature
Kašparová , Jaroslava : Španělské tisky 16. století z dílny pražského tiskaře Jiřího Nigrina
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20061009202642/http : //www.pribramska.cz/knih/semprace/utrhacu.html
1606 deaths
Businesspeople from Prague
16th-century printers
17th-century printers
Year of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
17th-century Bohemian people
Alan Mannus ( born 19 May 1982 ) is a Northern Irish professional goalkeeper who plays for Shamrock Rovers . They began their career at Linfield , and during their time there they had spells on loan at Larne and Carrick Rangers . They then signed for Shamrock Rovers and in 2011 , moved to St Johnstone . They have played for Northern Ireland at international level .
Career
Linfield
After rising through Linfield 's junior ranks , Mannus made their first senior squad appearance in 2002 . They established themselves as the club 's first choice goalkeeper at a young age and made their 250th appearance before their 25th birthday .
Mannus is one of the few goalkeepers to have scored a goal in the run of play . In a match against Omagh Town in 2003 , their long goal kick bounced over the head of opposing goalkeeper Gavin Cullen and into the net . As a result of scoring their first goal , they were given the Player of the Month award for October 2003 . At the end of the 2003–04 season , Mannus signed a two-year contract with the club .
During their career at Linfield , Mannus helped the club win trophies , such as the Irish League/Irish Premier League ,
Irish League Cup and County Antrim Shield . In April 2008 , Mannus was named the 2007–08 Ulster Footballer of the Year .
During their time at Linfield , Mannus was mentioned as a transfer target for a number of clubs , being linked to Everton in January 2005 , Doncaster Rovers in April 2005 and Motherwell in December 2008 . In August 2006 , Mannus turned professional at Linfield and signed a three-year deal .
In November 2008 , Mannus turned down the offer of a new contract by Linfield . and by April 2009 , Linfield Manager David Jeffrey said they expected Mannus would leave the club and try to get a move to a club in England or Scotland .
At the end of their contract Mannus was linked with a move to Swansea City , and was reported to be training with Falkirk In July 2009 , they were given a trial with English League Two side Bradford Cities , but after playing three games without conceding a goal , they were released and returned home .
Shamrock Rovers
In August 2009 , Mannus signed for Shamrock Rovers . A week after joining , they made their debut for Michael O'Neill 's side in a 2–2 draw against Dundalk on 22 August 2009 .
In their second season at the club , Shamrock Rovers won the 2010 League of Ireland . After winning their first title at the club , Mannus said they had no regrets about the move , even if it harmed their international career .
Mannus was nominated for the PFAI Players ' Player of the Year award in 2010 , but lost out to Richie Ryan of Sligo Rovers . They were awarded the Soccer Writers Association of Ireland Goalkeeper of the Year Award for 2010 .
In their final match for the club , Mannus kept a clean sheet in a 0–0 draw away to Flora Tallinn on 19 July 2011 , in the Champions League Second qualifying round second leg meaning Shamrock Rovers went through to the next round , winning 1–0 on aggregate .
St Johnstone
Mannus signed a one-year contract with St Johnstone on 21 July 2011 , after invoking a clause in their Shamrock Rovers contract that allowed them to leave if a British club made an offer after 20 July 2011 . Initially Mannus was a back-up goalkeeper behind Peter Enckelman , but after Enckelman conceded five goals against Dundee United , with two of the goals coming from their mistakes , Mannus was given their chance , making their debut for the club in the Scottish Cup Fifth round replay , as St Johnstone lost 2–1 against Hearts on 14 February 2012 . They then made their league debut for the club in the following game , on 19 February 2012 , in a 0–0 draw against Aberdeen . After getting into the team , Mannus said they believed playing first team football would help their international career . At the end of the season they signed a 12-month extension .
In the 2012–13 season , Mannus helped St Johnstone to finish in third place in the SPL , ensuring qualification for the Europa League . At the end of the season , they signed another one-year contract with the club .
The 2013–14 season started well for Mannus , keeping a clean sheet as St Johnstone won 1–0 away to Norwegian side Rosenberg on 18 July 2013 , in the Europa League second qualifying round first leg . After drawing 1–1 in the second leg St Johnstone went through 2–1 on aggregate , afterwards Mannus suggested that Rosenberg had been `` arrogant '' and had underestimated St Johnstone . In the next round St Johnstone won away from home in the first leg again , beating Minsk 1–0 , but lost by the same scoreline at home in the second leg and were then defeated on penalties , despite Mannus saving twice during the shoot-out .
On 11 August 2013 , Mannus sustained a shoulder injury during a match against Kilmarnock , which ruled them out for six weeks . They came back from their injury earlier than expected , making their return on 14 September 2013 , in a 2–1 loss against Hibernian . On 18 January 2014 , Mannus was sent-off , along with Ryan Stevenson of Hearts after they were involved in an alteration `` following an angry goalmouth melee '' . They would miss one match after the club decided against appealing the sending off . While serving their suspension , Mannus fractured a bone in their thumb , which was expected to keep them out for six to eight weeks . However , they made their return to the side after only two weeks , on 16 February 2014 , as St Johnstone lost 3–0 against Celtic .
On 21 February 2014 , Mannus signed a new one-year contract until 31 May 2015 . Mannus started in the Scottish Cup final on 17 May 2014 , as St Johnstone won 2–0 against Dundee United to win the first major trophy in their 130-year history .
The 2014–15 season started well for Mannus , as they saved a penalty from Marco Schneuwly during a shoot-out as St Johnstone beat Luzern in the Europa League 2nd Qualifying Round . With their contract expiring at the end of the season , Mannus 's future was uncertain , leading the club to immediately start talks over a new contract . Mannus extended their contract with St Johnstone for a further two years , until 2017 , on 6 April 2015 . Mannus was an ever-present player throughout the 2014–15 season and helped the club qualify for the Europa League for the third season running .
In April 2018 , St Johnstone announced that Mannus would leave the club when their contract expires at the end of the 2017–18 season .
Shamrock Rovers
On 18 April 2018 , Mannus signed a pre-contract with Shamrock Rovers , signing for the club for a second time , with the move due to be completed on 1 July 2018 . In Mannus 's first season back they would go on to play every minute of their league campaign in which Rovers finished second and also lift the FAI Cup beating Dundalk on penalties , providing crucial saves in the shootout .
In 2020 Mannus was part of the Shamrock Rovers squad who won the League of Ireland for a record 18th time and came runner-up in the FAI Cup They played every minute of the league season , keeping 13 clean sheets in 18 games as Rovers won the title without losing a game . Mannus also made the crucial save in Rovers ' epic 13-12 penalty shoot-out win over Ilves ( football ) in the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League qualifiers .
In the 2021 League of Ireland Premier Division Rovers regained their title and Mannus saved a penalty in the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League qualifiers at ŠK Slovan Bratislava
International career
Mannus ( who moved back to Northern Ireland from Mississauga , Ontario with their family at the age of seven ) won their first Northern Ireland cap against Trinidad and Tobago in the summer of 2004 . They have also made appearances in friendlies against Bulgaria , Georgia and World Champions Italy . In a December 2015 interview , Mannus revealed that prior to becoming cap tied to Northern Ireland no one from the Canadian FA had ever been in touch with them regarding representing Canada .
Personal life
Their brothers live in Northern Ireland . Ian plays football currently with Sirocco Works F.C . and Toby plays rugby for Belfast based Cooke Rugby Club .
Honours
Club
Linfield
Irish League/Irish Premier League ( 5 ) : 2000–01 , 2003–04 , 2005–06 , 2006–07 , 2007–08 .
Irish Cup ( 4 ) : 2001–02 , 2005–06 , 2006–07 , 2007–08
Irish League Cup ( 2 ) : 2005–06 , 2007–08
County Antrim Shield ( 4 ) : 2000–01 , 2003–04 , 2004–05 , 2005–06
Setanta Cup ( 1 ) : 2005
Ulster Footballer of the Year : 2007–08
Shamrock Rovers
League of Ireland ( 4 ) : 2010 , 2011 , 2020 , 2021
FAI Cup ( 1 ) : 2019
Setanta Cup ( 1 ) : 2011
SWAI Goalkeeper of the Year ( 2 ) : 2010 , 2020
St Johnstone
Scottish Cup ( 1 ) : 2013–14
References
External links
Northern Ireland stats at Irish FA
Profile Page at Shamrock Rovers
1982 births
Living people
Soccer players from Toronto
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland international footballers
Canadian soccer players
Canadian people of Northern Ireland descent
Association football goalkeepers
Linfield F.C . players
Larne F.C . players
Carrick Rangers F.C . players
Shamrock Rovers F.C . players
St Johnstone F.C . players
Ulster Footballers of the Year
People from County Down
League of Ireland players
NIFL Premiership players
Scottish Premier League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
UEFA Euro 2016 players
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Bruck an der Mur is a city of some 13,500 people located in the district Bruck-Mürzzuschlag , in the Austrian state of Styria . It is located at the confluence of the Mur and Mürz Rivers . Its manufacturing includes metal products and paper . Bruck is located on the Graz to Vienna main line , and is an important regional rail junction .
History
The earliest surviving record of Bruck dates from the time of King Ludovicus II `` Germanicus '' , when it was identified , in a record dated 20 November 860 , as `` ad pruccam '' , a manor of the archbishopric of Salzburg . The settlement then identified with this name was in the location currently occupied by the suburb now called `` St. Ruprecht '' . The settlement then located at what is now the centre of Bruck is identified in the ninth century record as `` muorica kimundi '' ( i.e . the mouth of the Mürz River ) .
The town was refounded in 1263 by King Otakar II of Bohemia , who was responsible for surrounding Bruck with its city walls . Bruck received its town privileges in 1277 from King Rudolph von Habsburg who in 1273 succeeded Otakar . Bruck an der Mur was an important medieval trade center specializing in iron work .
Main sights
The Heiligen-Geist-Kapelle is a 15th-century Gothic chapel , which is of a unique design . The floor plan is an equilateral triangle in honor of the Trinity . This church was completely restored as much as possible to its original appearance , reopening in 2020 .
In the centre , there is also the famous Kornmesser house , built in the Venetian style by Pankraz Kornmess in the 15th century . There is also the Iron Well with its famous lace-like dome .
The castle of Landskron burned down in the great fire of 1792 . After that fire , just two of 166 houses were left standing .
The Grüner See ( Green Lake ) located in the neighboring municipality of Tragöß-Sankt Katharein is one of the main tourist attractions of the region .
Culture
Near Bruck is a recreation area called Weitental . Every August a well-known artist and clown festival called Murenschalk is held .
Sister cities
Bruck an der Mur is twinned with :
Hagen-Hohenlimburg , Germany
Liévin , France
Veroli , Italy
Notable people
Ernest , Duke of Austria ( 1377–1424 ) member of the House of Habsburg , ruled over the Inner Austrian duchies of Styria , Carinthia and Carniola from 1406 until their death
Rudolf Stöger-Steiner von Steinstätten ( 1861 in Pernegg an der Mur – 1921 ) Colonel-General in the Austro-Hungarian army
Richard Kretz ( 1865–1920 ) pathologist , particularly liver cirrhosis
Menci Clement Crnčić ( 1865–1930 ) Croatian painter , printmaker , teacher and museum director
Edmund Hlawka ( 1916–2009 ) mathematician and number theorist
Hanns Malissa ( 1920–2010 ) analytical chemist and environmental chemist
Christian Anders ( born 1945 ) singer , musician , composer and author .
Eva Rueber-Staier ( born 1951 ) actor , TV Host , model , beauty queen , won Miss World 1969
Erwin Wurm ( born 1954 ) artist , currently lives and works in Vienna and Limberg
Werner S. Weiglhofer ( 1962–2003 ) , theoretical electromagnetcist and Professor of Mathematics at the University of Glasgow
Ille Gebeshuber ( born 1969 ) physicist , specializes in nanophysics and biomimetics
Elisabeth Görgl ( born 1981 ) retired World Cup alpine ski racer
Florian Neukart ( born 1982 ) computer scientist and mathematician , specializes in quantum computing and artificial intelligence
References
Cities and towns in Bruck-Mürzzuschlag District
Populated places established in the 13th century
Fischbach Alps
Leandro Federico Reymundez Martínez ( born 1 February 1992 ) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays as a forward for Chilean club Deportes Iberia .
References
External links
Profile at BDFA
1992 births
Living people
People from Florida Department
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
C.A . Cerro players
Montevideo Wanderers F.C . players
Sud América players
Centro Atlético Fénix players
Coquimbo Unido footballers
Cobreloa footballers
Deportivo Maldonado players
Villa Teresa players
Central Español players
Juventud de Las Piedras players
Deportes Iberia footballers
Uruguayan Primera División players
Uruguayan Segunda División players
Primera B de Chile players
Segunda División Profesional de Chile players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Association football forwards
Thomas Oliver Dann ( born 30 January 1981 ) is a former English cricketer . Tommy Dann was a right-handed batsman who played primarily as a wicketkeeper . They were born at Cambridge , Cambridgeshire and was later educated at Millfield School .
Dann represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in List A cricket . Their debut List A match came against Northumberland in the 2000 NatWest Trophy . From 2000 to 2001 , they represented the Board in 4 List A match , the last of which came against the Leicestershire Cricket Board in the 1st round of the 2002 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2001 . In their 4 List A match , they scored 52 runs at a batting average of 26.00 , with a high score of 27 . Behind the stumps they took 2 catches .
References
External links
Thomas Dann at Cricinfo
Thomas Dann at CricketArchive
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cambridge
People educated at Millfield
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Tinkle is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Donald W. Tinkle ( 1930–1980 ) , herpetologist , ecologist and evolutionary biologist at the University of Michigan
Joslyn Tinkle ( born 1990 ) , American basketball player
Lon Tinkle ( 1906–1980 ) , historian , author , book critic , and professor who specialized in the history of Texas
Tres Tinkle ( born 1996 ) , American basketball player
Wayne Tinkle ( born 1966 ) , American college basketball coach
See also
Tinkle , Indian magazine
Tinkler ( surname )
Yuanshou was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China . It may refer to :
Yuanshou ( 元狩 , 122BC–117BC ) , an era name used by Emperor Wu of Han
Yuanshou ( 元壽 , 2BC–1BC ) , an era name used by Emperor Ai of Han
Michael . J. Zigmond is an American neuroscientist . They are a emeritus Professor of Neurology at University of Pittsburgh since 2017 , previously Professor of Neurology , Psychiatry , and Pharmacology , and Editor-in-Chief of Elsevier 's Progress in Neurobiology . They are an Elected Fellow , since 2009 , of the American Association for the Advancement of Science . Their interests include neuroprotection and neuroplasticity , health aging , and Parkinson 's disease . Since 2011 , they have also served as Distinguished International Professor at Fudan University .
Education
They earned their B.S . in chemical engineering at Carnegie-Mellon University and Ph.D. in biopsychology at University of Chicago in 1968 .
Selected publications
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
University of Pittsburgh faculty
American neurologists
University of Chicago alumni
21st-century American psychologists
20th-century American psychologists
Zoobin ( Javelin ) is an Iranian TV-guided air-to-surface missile . It is considered to be the first generation of the Iranian PGMs . Developed during the time of Iran–Iraq War , it was a rocket-powered version of the American M117 bomb equipped with a TV-seeker . There are four small aerodynamic control surfaces , also in a cruciform pattern , mounted on the motor , which are connected to the guidance unit at the front of the missile via control lines running along the body . The first versions only relied on these four fins but it was found that the missile is too unstable . Thus four larger triangle-shaped fins were attached to the center of the body to provide stability .
The guidance unit at the front of the missile contains a daylight TV seeker that is the same one used on Qadr . Zoobin is given a US-style 'AGM ' designation ( AGM-379/20 Zoobin ) , though its designers say that this has no greater significance beyond inventory management and parts stocks .
Both Iranian F-4 Phantoms and F-5 Tigers can be equipped by Zoobin though the latter needs a modification to be able to guide the missile .
See also
List of military equipment manufactured in Iran
Current Equipment of the Iranian Army
List of Iranian Air Force aircraft
External links
Picture
References
Guided missiles of Iran
Air-to-surface missiles
Air-to-surface missiles of Iran
Military equipment introduced in the 1980s
Dmytro Valeriyovych Lelyuk ( ) is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player .
Career
Dmytro Lelyuk , started their career in 1994 at Nyva Vinnytsia until 1998 , where they played 26 games . In 1996 played also 3 matches with Nyva-2 Vinnytsia . In 1997 they moved to Polissya Zhytomyr where they played 20 matches and scored 1 goal . In 1998 they returned to Nyva Vinnytsia until 2002 where they played 104 and scored 2 goals . In 2002 they moved Desna Chernihiv the main club of the city of Chernihiv , where they played 12 matches and scored 1 goal and in the same season they played 9 matches for Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol and also for Olkom Melitopol . In 2004 they moved to Russia in the football club Lokomotiv Chita where they played 29 matches .
Honours
Nyva Vinnytsia
Ukrainian Cup : Runner-Up 1996
References
External links
Dmytro Lelyuk allplayers.in.ua
1974 births
Living people
People from Vuhlehirsk
Ukrainian footballers
FC Desna Chernihiv players
FC Nyva Vinnytsia players
FC Nyva Bershad players
FC Polissya Zhytomyr players
FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih players
FC Elektrometalurh-NZF Nikopol players
SC Olkom Melitopol players
FC Chita players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Donetsk Oblast
`` Anthem '' is a song recorded by Canadian country artist Brett Kissel . The song was written by Phil Barton , Emma-Lee , and Karen Kosowski , and was the second single off their Juno Award-winning studio album We Were That Song .
Critical reception
Front Porch Music noted elements of dance and pop music in `` Anthem '' . They called it a `` departure '' from Kissel 's usual music stating it could `` open up a brand-new demographic for them and attract some new fans '' , and that it was `` refreshing '' and would `` definitely be a hit '' .
Commercial performance
`` Anthem '' reached a peak of number 6 on the Billboard Canada Country chart dated March 24 , 2018 . It was certified Gold by Music Canada .
Music video
The official music video for `` Anthem '' was directed by Blake McWilliam and premiered on February 2 , 2018 .
Charts
Certifications
References
2018 songs
2018 singles
Brett Kissel songs
Warner Music Group singles
Imreish ( ) is a Palestinian village located eleven kilometers south-west of Hebron . The village is in the Hebron Governorate in the southern West Bank . According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics , the village had a population of 1,665 in 2007 . The primary health care facilities for the village are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1 .
Footnotes
External links
Survey of Western Palestine , Map 21 : IAA , Wikimedia commons
Imreish Village ( Fact Sheet ) , Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem , ARIJ
Imreish Village Profile , ARIJ
Imreish Village Area Photo , ARIJ
The priorities and needs for development in Imreish village based on the community and local authorities ' assessment , ARIJ
Villages in the West Bank
Hebron Governorate
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
On 19 October 2008 , Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS ) activists attacked North Indian candidates appearing for the India Railway Recruitment Board entrance exam for the Western region in Mumbai , India . The attacks invoked a quick reaction from Bihar members of the Union Government in Delhi , notably the Union Railways Minister Lalu Prasad Yadav and their cabinet colleague , Ram Vilas Paswan . The Chief Minister of Bihar , Nitish Kumar spoke to their Maharashtra counterpart Vilasrao Deshmukh and urged them to provide protection to the migrants from Bihar . Lalu demanded a ban on the MNS , and described its chief Raj Thackeray as a `` mental case '' .
Pawan Mahto , a resident of Bara-Khurd village in Nalanda district , Bihar died after being assaulted by MNS activists . However , railway police claimed , based on the CCTV footage , that Pawan had died due to an accident at Andheri station after slipping at a platform .
On 20 October 2008 , Thackeray was arrested in Ratnagiri after Mumbai police had received a non-bailable warrant issued by a Jamshedpur court against the MNS chief .
Incident
MNS ( Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ) and Shiv Sena activists attacked 13 railway board examination centres in suburban Mumbai to protest against `` inadequate representation '' of locals of Maharashtra in the above said exams . As per MNS , locals i.e . Maharashtrians should be given priority over others as the railway posts were vacant in Maharashtra . The applications received from most of the locals of Maharashtra were rejected and if the same were accepted they were not provided with hall tickets . Moreover , the applications received from locals residing in Bihar were accepted and issued Hall Tickets to sit in the exam hall . Irked by such irresponsible behaviour of Railways , MNS workers entered the examination halls and vacated all the people of bihar and stopped them from giving the exams .
Violence
Raj 's arrest ignited violence by their supporters in large parts of the city forcing it to shut down . Irate supporters went on the rampage torching public transport and telling office goers to return home . Many shops and commercial establishments , especially those run or managed by non-Maharashtrians , chose not to open at all to avoid trouble . Raj , whose MNS workers Sunday attacked non-Maharashtrians appearing for the railway board examination , was brought from Ratnagiri , about 250 km from here , to be produced at the Bandra court , where they were summoned for .
There was mayhem outside the court premises with large crowds gathering around restively and camera crews waiting to capture the trouble . [ In some places , buses , taxis and autorickshaws were set on fire , in others areas public transport just stayed off the roads . The office of the state Congress spokesperson Sanjay Nirupam was also vandalised . ]
A North Indian shopkeeper was killed in Bhandup , Mumbai after they refused to shut down their shop when MNS activists protesting Raj 's arrest forced them to do so . Four persons were killed and another seriously injured in a village near Kalyan . Deputy commissioner of police ( rural ) Sanjay Shintre said two North Indians , a member of the Agri community and an MNS worker were killed in a clash between the two communities in Pisavali , 10 km from Kalyan . Earlier , curfew had been imposed in the entire Kalyan area . The situation in Kalyan worsened in the evening as Raj was driven there to a police station lock-up where they were to spend the night before being presented in a court on 22 October . Five outdoor broadcast vans belonging to media houses were damaged by MNS supporters . A cameraman from ETV was injured and had to be admitted to a private hospital . One Kalyan-Dombivli municipal transport bus was set on fire while five bikes were reduced to ashes . Transport services across Kalyan were paralysed . A jewellery shop was also ransacked by MNS supporters . In all one hundred and twenty-five cases of arson , rioting and stonepelting were registered across the state , including in Pune and Marathwada , by early evening , and 2,085 people were arrested , state director general of police A N Roy said .
As news about the arrest spread , there was violence in other parts of Maharashtra too . Sporadic incidents of stone pelting at municipal and private buses were reported in the reat of Maharashtra following the arrest of MNS chief Raj Thackeray in Ratnagiri . In Kothrud area , some alleged MNS activists damaged a company 's bus that was taking its employees to workplace . Few Pune Municipal Transport ( PMT ) buses were stoned by MNS activists , police said . Meanwhile , police have picked up around 100 MNS activists , including some corporators as a preventive measure . In Nashik , MNS activists set ablaze a truck near PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal 's farm and also damaged another truck at Vilholi-Phata area , police said . Incidents of stone pelting on MSRTC buses and other vehicles were reported in some areas , they said , adding vehicular traffic on the busy Mumbai-Agra-national highway was disrupted following the protest . Police rounded up 70 MNS activists in Nashik incidents and security was tightened in the city . In Solapur , incidents of stone pelting on state transport buses were also reported . In Nagpur MNS party leaders claimed to have damaged several MSRTC buses .
Protests
Shivananda Tiwari , Rajya Sabha MP and JD-U national general secretary , blaming the Bihar state government for the reactionary violence in Bihar by the agitated youths and said , '' This reaction is out of frustration and is totally spontaneous . People are very angry at the treatment meted out to the state youths in Maharashtra. '' . Various cases were filed in Bihar and Jharkhand against Raj Thackeray for assaulting the students . A murder case was also filed by Jagdish Prasad , father of Pawan Kumar , who was allegedly killed by MNS activists in Mumbai . Mumbai police , however , claimed it to be a case of accident . Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar announced a compensation of Rs to Pawan 's family . Bihar state Congress chief , Anil Kumar Sharma , has demanded enactment of an Act by Parliament for closing opportunities to any political party or organisation that indulge in obscurantism and raise such narrow , chauvinistic issues based on caste , religion and regionalism to capture power .
Bihar
Angry students in various parts of Bihar damaged railway property and disrupted train traffic , as protests continued against assaults on north Indians by MNS activists in Mumbai . The police said the protesters targeted Patna , Jehanabad , Barh , Khusrupur , Sasaram and Purnia railway stations in the morning . The protesting students reportedly set afire two AC bogies of an express train at Barh railway station . They ransacked Jehanabad , Barh , Purnia and Sasaram railway stations . According to the railway police , at least 10 students were detained in the morning and extra security was deployed to control the situation .
Noted Physician Dr Diwakar Tejaswi observed a day-long fast in Patna to protest against repeated violence by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS ) leader Raj Thackeray and their goons against the north Indians .
Various student organisations gave a call for Bihar shutdown on 25 Oct 2008 to protest attacks on north Indian candidates by Maharashtra Navnirnam Sena activists during a Railway recruitment examination in Mumbai .
During the anti-MNS agitation a group of 63 tourists , of which many were Marathis , were on a tour of sacred Buddhist sites . The tourists found themselves stranded on the outskirts of Patna as riots broke out . The Marathis in the group were forced to hide their identity for fear of attacks . The group avoided speaking in Marathi , and woman wore saris in the north Indian rather than the Marathi style . For security , the group had to escorted by 25 police officer to the station . The tourists reached Nagpur safely .
Uttar Pradesh
A group of 25 people pelted stones on the Maharashtra Bhawan in Khalasi Line , Kanpur , Uttar Pradesh . Constructed in 1928 , the building is owned by the lone trust run by Marathis in Kanpur . Over the years , it has served as an important venue for prominent festivals , including Ganesh Utsav and Krishna Janmastami .
Delhi
A group of 20 youths , from Bihar , attacked Maharashtra Sadan in the capital on 3 November . The Rashtrawadi Sena has claimed responsibility for the attack . They ransacked the reception of the building and raised slogans against Raj Thackeray .
Jharkhand
After the October 2008 anti-Bihari attacks in Maharashtra , members of the Bharatiya Bhojpuri Sangh ( BBS ) vandalised the official residence of Tata Motors , Jamshedpur plant head S.B . Borwankar , a Maharashtrian . Armed with lathis and hockey sticks , more than 100 BBS members trooped to Borwankar 's Nildih Road bungalow around 3.30pm . Shouting anti-MNS slogans , they smashed windowpanes and broke flowerpots . BBS president Anand Bihari Dubey called the attack on Borwankar 's residence unfortunate , and said that they knew BBS members were angry after the attack in Maharashtra on Biharis , but did not expect a reaction . Fear of further violence gripped the 4,000-odd Maharashtrian settlers living in and around the city .
Political reactions
Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh admitted that their government was responsible for failure in preventing the attacks by MNS on north Indian candidates at Railways examination centres and ordered a probe into the incident , which will also enquire into why the job advertisements where not given in Marathi newspapers . `` What has happened is not good . Such incidents take place because of loopholes in the law . One ca n't hold only the Home Ministry responsible for it , it is ( entire ) government 's responsibility . Such incidents are affecting the image of the state and I have instructed the DGP to take stern action , '' Deshmukh said . However , powerful Congress leader Narayan Rane , wrote a piece in the 23 October 2008 issue of 'Prahar ' , in a city newspaper they own , pleading that Marathis should get their legitimate share in the central government sector . The Times of India noted , the essay indicates that Rane continues to have a soft spot for MNS chief Raj Thackeray – the two were close friends when Rane was in the Sena . Stating that the Marathis were getting a raw deal in central government jobs such as income tax and the railways , Rane said it was perplexing that of 54,000 , only 54 Marathis were summoned for the railway recruitment exams . The railways must give Marathis their legitimate share in employment , Rane said .
Political parties condemned the attack by MNS activists on north Indian candidates who had come to appear in railway board exam in the city . `` Strict action should be taken on MNS activists for the attack , '' said Bihari origin Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam . Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh said their government will not tolerate Raj Thackeray 's party . NCP spokesperson Gurunath Kulkarni also demanded harsh action against the activists . `` I condemned the attack by MNS activists . They are not doing any good for Marathi people but spoiling the name of Maharashtra , '' Kulkarni said .
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar demanded action against the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena activists and full security to students . Nitish Kumar requested Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh intervention . Kumar directed the additional director general of police to contact senior police officials in Maharashtra and compile a report on Sunday 's incident and asked the home commissioner to hold talks with the Maharashtra home secretary to seek protection for people from Bihar .
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar demanded action against the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena activists and full security to students . Nitish Kumar requested Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh intervention . Kumar directed the additional director general of police to contact senior police officials in Maharashtra and compile a report on Sunday 's incident and asked the home commissioner to hold talks with the Maharashtra home secretary to seek protection for people from Bihar . They said : `` I expect the Maharashtra government to act tough and protect our students . ''
Others have also chimed in saying :
The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) was responsible for the entrenchment of Shiv Sena and its chief Bal Thackeray as well as Maharashtra Navnirman Sena ( MNS ) and its chief Raj Thackeray in the affairs of Maharashtra , even as they believed in and practised narrow politics based on caste , religion , regionalism and chauvinistic ambitions . BJP entered into an opportunistic alliance with Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray and also helped in paving the way for the rule of this party on Maharashtra . '' Anil Kumar Sharma , Bihar state Congress chief
`` The Congress party has a mastery in creating 'bhasmasurs ' ( self destructing demons ) . Earlier they created Bhindranwale in Punjab , which killed a Congress Prime Minister . Even this Raj Thackeray is ultimately going to damage Congress '' Shivananda Tiwari , Rajya Sabha MP and JD-U national general secretary
`` The Congress is Raj Thackeray 's event management company and it is trying to project Raj 's arrest as an event instead of making any serious effort to check the violent campaign of MNS against north Indians . There is match-fixing between Raj and the Maharashtra government . The state government deliberately books them under small sections and they get bail . '' Shahnawaz Hussain , BJP MP
Similar attack
In 2003 , the Shiv Sena alleged that of the 500 Maharashtrian candidates , only ten of them successful in the Railways exams . 90 per cent of the successful candidates were alleged to be from Bihar . Activists from the Shiv Sena ransacked a railway recruitment office in protest against non-Marathi 's being among the 650,000 candidates set to compete for 2,200 railway jobs in the state . Eventually , after attacks on Biharis heading towards Mumbai for exams , the central government delayed the exams .
See also
2008 attacks on North Indians in Maharashtra
Anti-Bihari sentiment
Rahul Raj encounter
References
Further reading
2008 in India
History of Mumbai ( 1947–present )
Violence in India
Racism in India
Regionalism in India
2000s in Mumbai
2008 crimes in India
October 2008 events in India
T in the Park 2013 was a three-day music festival which took place between 11–14 July 2013 in Balado , Kinross . It was the 20th Anniversary # T20 of the Scottish music festival Rihanna and Mumford and Sons were announced as the first and second headliner acts on 4 December 2012 . Other acts confirmed on the same day were Jake Bugg , Alt-J , Of Monsters and Men , The Script , Paloma Faith . On 5 December 2012 The Killers were announced as third headliner act and other acts confirmed were Two Door Cinema Clubs and Azealia Banks . On 13 December 2012 it was announced that Emeli Sandé would return to the music festival for its 20th anniversary . On 13 February 2013 , Germany Electronic band Kraftwerk were added to the line-up .
Tickets
Similar to previous years , early-bird tickets were released within days of the conclusion of the 2012 event , on 13 July 2012 . Tickets remained on sale until the following Sunday . The second release of tickets went on sale at 9am on 7 December 2012 . The third and final batch went on sale in February , 2013 along with the release of the Line-up .
Line-up
The Killers , Rihanna and Mumford and Sons were announced as headliner acts for 2013 festival . Other acts announced were : Emeli Sandé , Jake Bugg , Alt-J , Of Monsters and Men , The Script , Paloma Faith , Two Door Cinema Clubs and Azealia Banks . On 13 February 2013 , Germany Electronic band Kraftwerk were added to the line-up . On 22 April 2013 , Ke $ ha , Little Mix , Lawson , James Arthur , Lucy Spraggan , Bo Bruce and Diana Vickers were added to the line-up .
Scottish Sun Signing Tent
Incidents
The number of arrests rose to 91 , which was a sharp increase from 2012 where only 30 were made , with the most serious offence being five people arrested and charged with using pyrotechnic flares .
Advance warning was given to all festival-goers about a deadly batch of fake ecstasy pills which were linked to the deaths of 17 people between April and July 2013 .
Police Supt Rick Dunkerley , said : `` While arrests are up on last year , this is due to the proactive efforts of our police officers who worked closely with flight attendants to ensure it was a safe and enjoyable event for the audience . The fact that there were no signs of the fake ecstasy tablets at the event is in part testament to the extensive pre-event messaging and work carried out in collaboration with the festival organisers '' .
See also
T in the Park 2014
T in the Park 2012
T in the Park 2011
T in the Park 2010
List of music festivals in the United Kingdom
References
External links
T in the Park
2013 in Scotland
2013 in British music
July 2013 events in the United Kingdom
2013 music festivals
Remlingen may refer to the following places in Germany :
Remlingen , Lower Saxony , in the district of Wolfenbüttel , Lower Saxony
Remlingen , Bavaria , in the district of Würzburg , Bavaria
This table is designed to show the role ( s ) performed by each chemical element , in nature and in technology .
Z = Atomic numberSym . = SymbolPer . = PeriodGr . = Group
See also
Abundance of the chemical elements
Dietary mineral
External links
The Role of Elements in Life Processes | Mineral Information Institute
Periodic Table of the Chemical Elements and Dietary Minerals
What Chemical Elements Are Found Within The Human Body ? - Science - Questions & Answers
Digging for rare earths : The mines where iPhones are born | Apple - CNET News , September 26 , 2012
Dănești is a commune in Gorj County , Oltenia , Romania . It is composed of eleven villages : Barza , Botorogi , Brătuia , Bucureasa , Dănești , Merfulești , Șasa , Trocani , Țârculești , Ungureni and Văcarea .
Natives
Emil Ciocoiu
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Dianthus orientalis , called the Georgian pink , is a species of pink in the carnation family found in the Levant , Anatolia , the Transcaucasus and the North Caucasus , Iraq and Iran , and disjunctly in Tibet and Xinjiang in China . Given its preference for drier , rocky and alkaline soils , and its attractive lilacpink flowers which appear in autumn , it is being studied as a potential ornamental plant , and for use on green roofs .
Subspecies
A number of subspecies have been described :
Dianthus orientalis subsp . aphanoneurus Rech.f .
Dianthus orientalis subsp . gilanicus Rech.f .
Dianthus orientalis subsp . gorganicus Rech.f .
Dianthus orientalis subsp . ketzkhovelii ( Makaschv . ) Nersesian
Dianthus orientalis subsp . macropetalus ( Boiss . ) Rech.f .
Dianthus orientalis subsp . nassireddinii ( Stapf ) Rech.f .
Dianthus orientalis subsp . obtusisquameus ( Boiss . ) Rech.f .
Dianthus orientalis subsp . stenocalyx ( Boiss . ) Rech.f .
References
orientalis
Plants described in 1805
Tagir Taipovich Kusimov ( , ; 14 February 1909 – 10 May 1986 ) was a Soviet military leader of Bashkir origin .
A career cavalry soldier and officer since joining the Red Army in 1928 , Kusimov won the honorary title of Hero of the Soviet Union as a colonel in the 58th Guards Cavalry Regiment of the 16th Guards Cavalry Division in 1944 for their command of the 58th during the Battle of the Dnieper in 1943 .
Promoted to major-general after World War II , they held various positions in the Soviet Army and Communist Party and was elected to the supreme soviets of the Russian SFSR , Turkmen SSR , and Bashkir ASSR .
Biography
Tagir Taipovich Kusimov was born to a peasant family of Bashkir origin in Kusimovo , Russian Empire ( now in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russian Federation ) in 1909 . Kusimov began their military service in the Red Army in 1928 . They joined the Communist Party in 1932 .
A cavalry officer commanding the 14th Cavalry Regiment of the 23rd Cavalry Division in the Caucasus at the time of the German invasion of the Soviet Union in 1941 , Major Kusimov led the 14th Cavalry into Iran across the Aras River during the joint Anglo-Soviet invasion in August 1941 . The cavalrymen encountered no resistance in securing the border around the Aramas and , continuing to move southward , easily took thousands of Iranian war prisoners in a campaign aimed at toppling the pro-German government of Rezā Shāh in favor of a pro-Allied one .
Major Kusimov was next appointed commander of the 275th Cavalry Regiment of the 112th Bashkir Cavalry Division ( later redesignated as the 58th Guards Cavalry Regiment of the 16th Guards Cavalry Division ) , which joined the Soviet forces fighting off the invasion in April 1942 .
The division was directed to assist the defenders of the Stalingrad in October 1942 . Kusimov was wounded in the leg in the ensuing combat and sent out of the combat zone to Ufa to recuperate .
Kusimov 's regiment distinguished itself during the Lower Dnieper Offensive . Having reached the Dnieper River in its pursuit of the Germans on 26 September 1943 , the regiment forced its way across on 27 September in the face of German artillery and mortar with negligible losses . The regiment proceeded to hold out as the rest of the division made its way across .
Recommended by General Konstantin Rokossovsky for the supreme honorary title of Hero of the Soviet Union for the success at the Dnieper , Colonel Kusimov was awarded the title along with the Gold Star of the Hero of the Soviet Union ( medal no . 3013 ) and Order of Lenin by the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR on 15 January 1944 .
Colonel Kusimov was transferred to study at the Frunze Military Academy by Marshal Semyon Budyonny in 1944 and graduated from the Frunze Military Academy in 1947 , taking part in the Moscow Victory Parade on 24 June 1945 . They graduated from the Voroshilov Military Academy of the USSR Army General Staff in 1951 , subsequently rising to the rank of major-general .
Major-general Kusimov served in the Soviet Army until 1969 and was concurrently elected to various party and government posts . They served on three Soviet legislatures : the Supreme Soviet of the Russian SFSR in 1947-1951 , the Supreme Soviet of the Turkmen SSR in 1959-1963 , and the Supreme Soviet of the Bashkir ASSR in 1967-1971 . They were a delegate to the 23rd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1966 .
Tagir Kusimov died in Ufa on 10 May 1986 . Their body was interred at the city 's Muslim Cemetery .
A museum honoring the Bashkir war hero and general exists in their native Bashkortostan .
Honours and awards
Hero of the Soviet Union ( 15 January 1944 )
Order of Lenin ( twice )
Order of the Red Banner
Order of Suvorov 3rd class
Order of the Patriotic War 1st class
Order of the Red Star ( twice )
References
1909 births
1986 deaths
People from Abzelilovsky District
Bashkir people
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Heroes of the Soviet Union
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Soviet major generals
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Soviet politicians
Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Soviet Union alumni
Frunze Military Academy alumni
Dominican Film Market ( DFM ) is officially the first film market of the history in the Caribbean region film industry , holding its first edition in November 2014 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic . approximately 4000 people attended and featured with invited countries as Taiwan and Brazil , as well as producers from the United States , Mexico , France , Kazakhstan and Russia .
During three days DFM welcomes producers , directors , distributors , investors , technicians and entrepreneurs from the film industry in the Caribbean Region .
History
Dominican Film Market™ was created and founded by Roddy Pérez and Nurgul Shayakhmetova , executives producers of Audiovisual Dominicana™ . DFM in the first edition was sponsored by the Dominican Republic Council of Cinema DGCINE , the Dominican Republic Export and Investment Center CEI-RD and the Dominican Republic Ministry of Tourism , Dominican Film Market 2014 was supported by Blackmagic Design , Nikon , Panasonic and more than 30 important brands .
References
CEI-RD , http : //www.cei-rd.gov.do/ceird/informativodisplay.aspx ? id=797
Diario Libre , http : //www.diariolibre.com/cine/2014/07/31/i725521_celebrarn-primer-mercado-cinematogrfico-repblica-dominicana.html
IMDb Internet Movie Database https : //www.imdb.com/company/co0493578/
Latam Cinema http : //www.latamcinema.com/noticia.php ? id=6312
Listin Diario , http : //www.listindiario.com/economia-and-negocios/2014/12/28/350700/ONAPI-en-la-primera-feria-cinematografica-del-pais
Z101 https : //web.archive.org/web/20150402123243/http : //www.z101digital.com/app/article.aspx ? id=142589
Listin Diario , http : //www.listindiario.com/la-vida/2014/11/27/347065/Orientaciones-para-hacer-cine-ahorrando
RED Magazine http : //realred.tv/ ? p=2854
External links
2010s establishments in the Dominican Republic
Film festivals in the Dominican Republic
Film markets
Events in Santo Domingo
Eggink is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Gertie Eggink ( born 1980 ) , Dutch sidecarcross rider
Herman Eggink ( born 1949 ) , Dutch rower
Stephanie Eggink ( born 1988 ) , American mixed martial artist
See also
Eggins
Robert Foquet ( born 6 May 1905 , date of death unknown ) was a French boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
In 1924 they were eliminated in the second round of the light heavyweight class after losing their fight to the upcoming gold medalist Harry Mitchell . Four years later they were eliminated in the first round of the light heavyweight class after losing their fight to Juozas Vinča .
References
External links
profile
1905 births
Year of death missing
Light-heavyweight boxers
Olympic boxers of France
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
French male boxers
Antony Jasper Maitland ( born 17 June 1935 ) is a British children 's author and illustrator active from the 1960s to early 1980s . During their career , Maitland drew for eleven Leon Garfield books and four books by Ruth Ainsworth . For their drawings , Maitland won the 1961 Kate Greenaway Medal for Mrs. Cockle 's Cat and was nominated for the same award in 1972 for The Ghost Downstairs . With their own books , Maitland premiered with The Secret of the Shed in 1962 before releasing two additional books in the 1950s . Subsequent books by Maitland were Idle Jack in 1977 and Encore in 1984 . Outside of literature , Maitland has worked in design throughout Europe and the Middle East .
Early life and education
On 17 June 1935 , Maitland was born in Andover , Hampshire . Growing up , Maitland lived in Germany and East Asia . For their post-secondary education , Maitland graduated from a design program from the West of England College of Art in 1957 .
Career
After working for the British Army from 1956 to 1958 , Maitland toured Europe and the Middle East . In their early career , Maitland planned and created book jackets before they became a children 's book illustrator . Maitland 's illustrations first appeared in Philippa Pearce 's 1961 book titled Mrs. Cockle 's Cat . Throughout the 1960s to early 1980s , Maitland 's drew for various authors . Their drawing appearances during this time period included ten Leon Garfield books , one Garfield book co-written with David Proctor and four Ruth Ainsworth books . In 1974 , Maitland 's drawings were displayed in a store at Hanover Square , London .
For their own works , Maitland provided the illustrations for their four books from the early 1960s to the late 1970s . After the release of The Secret of the Shed in 1962 , Maitland published two more books in the early 1960s before returning to writing with Idle Jack in 1977 . In 1984 , Maitland released a movable book about the theatre titled Encore .
Apart from illustrations , Maitland has worked in various design fields such as furniture design , graphic design and interior design . In entertainment , Maitland was a costume designer and set designer for an unreleased movie adaption of The Goose Girl by the Brothers Grimm . In Europe , Maitland worked for the National Portrait Gallery and the Chamber of Horrors as part of Madame Tussauds . For the Middle East , Maitland has experience as an architect and muralist while also working as a portrait painter for the Shah of Iran .
Designs and themes
For the writing style and setting of their works , Maitland focuses on the literary lettering . With their drawings , Maitland uses their early memories and incorporates them into a child 's perspective . To create their illustrations , Maitland uses line art before applying a wash to them . In Stories by Shakespeare , Maitland used watercolours in their drawings for Geraldine McCaughrean 's 1995 book .
Adaptions and awards
In 2011 , Idle Jack was performed as a charity musical in North Muskham . The proceeds from the Maitland adaptation went to Save the Children . For their illustrations in Mrs. Cockle 's Cat , Maitland received the 1961 Kate Greenaway Medal . In 1972 , Maitland was nominated for the same award for their drawings in Garfield 's book The Ghost Downstairs .
References
1935 births
Kate Greenaway Medal winners
British children 's writers
English furniture designers
English graphic designers
English interior designers
English costume designers
Set designers
English architects
English muralists
Living people
Thala Borivat District ( ) is a district located in Stung Treng Province , in north-east Cambodia along the Mekong river . According to the Cambodian census of 2019 , it had a population of 36,925 .
Visitors can stay at the Sok Sambath Hotel , one of the few hotels in the area . Available hospitals in the district are : Chamkar Leu Health Center , Preah Rumkel Health Center , Preah Rumkel , and Thala Bariwat Health Center .
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Thala Borivat District by commune .
References
Districts of Stung Treng province
Edward Owen ( died 1741 ) was a Welsh artist who held an apprenticeship in London with the artist Thomas Gibson .
Owen was the son of Robert and Ann Owen . Their maternal uncle was Dr Edward Wynn ( or Wynne ) of Bodewryd , who was Chancellor of Hereford Cathedral . Edward Owen had two brothers , William and Hugh ; their mother 's correspondence with them is held among the Penrhos papers at Bangor University .
Owen died in 1741 from Tuberculosis .
References
1741 deaths
18th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Year of birth unknown
Welsh portrait painters
Tuberculosis deaths in the United Kingdom
The Pasarlapudi blowout was an oil rig blowout that took place on 6.50 pm , 8 January 1995 in Pasarlapudi , near Amalapuram in the East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh , India . It was the largest blowout ever recorded in the history of the India 's oil and natural gas exploration with a fire that engulfed drilling site number 19 , rig number E 1400-18GF . The fire continued for 65 days . Initially Neil Adams firefighters ( NAF , Houston ) was hired to bring fire under control . After ONGC disagreed with their strategy NAF left and it was finally brought under control on 15 March 1995 by International Well Control . The blowout did not cause any casualties , but the drilling rig was destroyed . Damages to the drilling rig were estimated at Rs 9.2 crore crore as well as about Rs 7 crore of damage to equipment at the well site area .
Evacuation
7 villages within the 2 kilometers radius of the rig , approximately 1,500 people were evacuated immediately by APSRTC buses . More people fled in panic from the nearby villages .
See also
Oil well fire
Konaseema
Amalapuram
References
1995 in the environment
History of Andhra Pradesh ( 1947–2014 )
Disasters in Andhra Pradesh
Explosions in India
East Godavari district
1995 industrial disasters
Environmental disasters in India
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation
January 1995 events in Asia
USS LST-850 was an built for the United States Navy during World War II . Late in their career , they were renamed Juniata County ( LST-850 ) —after Juniata County , Pennsylvania , the only U.S . Naval vessel to bear the name—but never saw active service under that name .
Originally laid down as LST-850 by the Chicago Bridge & Iron Company of Seneca , Illinois 15 August 1944 ; launched 3 November 1944 ; sponsored by Mrs. Mildred Margaret Tegge Honig ; and commissioned at New Orleans , Louisiana 27 November 1944 with Lieutenant Perry B . Hazard in command . After shakedown off the coast of Florida , LST-850 loaded military cargo at Gulfport , Mississippi and departed New Orleans for the Pacific 31 December . Steaming via the Panama Canal and San Diego , they reached Pearl Harbor 1 February 1945 . On 20 February they sailed with five other landing ships for the Solomons , arriving Guadalcanal 7 March . After loading a cargo of LVTs , they departed 19 March , touched at Eniwetok 25 March , and reached Guam the 31st . There they unloaded their cargo before steaming to Saipan 3 April to prepare to support operations at Okinawa . Between 12 April and 14 April , LST-850 embarked Seabees and loaded construction and combat equipment ; then they departed 20 April for that strategic island , which lay at the gateway to the heart of the Japanese Empire . Arriving 27 April , they discharged troops and cargo despite intermittent enemy air attacks . From 7 to 13 May they returned to Saipan where they embarked 371 officers and men of the 2nd Marine Division and loaded a cargo of LTVs . Sailing 24 May , they arrived Okinawa 30 May . On 3 June , and again on 9 June , they carried these veterans of the Pacific fighting for amphibious assaults against Iheya Shima and Aguni Shima . Departing in convoy 18 June , they reached Saipan the 24th ; and , after embarking Seabees at Guam , they returned to Okinawa 28 July . Sailing once more for the Marianas 8 August , they arrived Saipan 14 August as Japan accepted Allied peace terms and agreed to surrender .
Assigned to transport occupation forces to Japan , LST-850 steamed via Leyte to Manila Bay , Luzon , where they embarked Army troops and departed in convoy for Japan . They entered Tokyo Bay 11 September and discharged their troops . Departing Tokyo early in October , during the next month they returned to Luzon , embarked additional troops , and carried them to Yokohama where they arrived 4 November . After supporting occupation landings along the coast of Honshū , they sailed in mid-November for the United States . They sailed via Saipan and Pearl Harbor and arrived Astoria , Oregon 30 December . LST-850 operated out of Astoria during the next 10 months and then was placed in commission , in reserve 17 May 1946 . They transferred to Portland in October , decommissioned 18 January 1947 , and entered the Pacific Reserve Fleet . While berthed in the Columbia River , they were named USS Juniata County ( LST-850 ) 1 July 1955 . They were recommended for use as a target to destruction 20 October 1958 . Them name was struck from the Naval Vessel Register 1 November 1958 .
References
LST-542-class tank landing ships
Ships built in Seneca , Illinois
1944 ships
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
Juniata County , Pennsylvania
Ships sunk as targets
Onan is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Centre Hospitalo-Universitair Mustapha Pacha ( French : Centre Hospitalo-Universitaire Mustapha d'Alge ) was founded in 1854 in the town of Moustapha ( now Sidi M'Hamed ) and is the largest hospital in Algeria .
This hospital center is one of 14 Centre Hospitalo-Universitair under the Algerian Ministry of Health , Population and Hospital Reform .
History
The hospital was established by a legacy of a rich settler named Fortin , a native of Ivry , in the city of Algiers . In their will of 19 September 1840 , they donated a sum of 1.2 million francs for the erection of a civilian hospital in Mustapha .
At its inception in 1854 , it was a military hospital with a barracks on 8 hectares . On 21 May 1855 , the civilian doctors courses were open to students , and on 18 January 1859 , official courses were inaugurated in the framework of the new School of Medicine of Algiers founded in 1857 .
After 1877 , 14 pavilions were built to plans by the architect Jules Voinot . The first services were those of Pediatrics in 1883 and obstetrics in 1884 . It was decided in 1920 to expand the hospital . The number of pavilions was doubled by 1930 . There has been continual expansion since then .
Namesake
Mustapha Pacha , Mustapha VI ben Brahim Pasha ( Arabic : مصطفى بن ابراهيم باشا ) , or Mustafa ben Brahim ( English ) was dey of Algiers between May 1798 and the August 31 , 1805 , date of their assassination by a Janissary ..
Services
The hospital provides the following services :
Renowned professors and students
Jean Baptiste Paulin Trolard ( 1869 ) , anatomist
Jules Aimé Battandier ( 1876 ) , botanist
Louis Charles Trabut ( 1880 ) , doctor and botanist
Omar Boudjellab ( 1970 ) , cardiologist
Tedjini Haddam ( 1970 ) , thoracic surgeon
References
Hospitals in Algeria
Teaching hospitals
Buildings and structures in Algiers Province
University of Algiers
1854 establishments in Africa
1850s establishments in Algeria
1854 establishments in the French colonial empire
Hospital buildings completed in 1854
Adelshofen is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Fürstenfeldbruck ( district )
Earlimart is an American indie rock band formed in 1998 in Los Angeles , California , United States , and named after the town of Earlimart , California . The main members are Aaron Espinoza and Ariana Murray . Their early sound has been described as `` post-punk '' , and compared to that of Pixies , Sonic Youth and Sparklehorse ; later music has been compared to that of Grandaddy and Elliott Smith . In 2009 , Espinoza and Murray joined with Jason Lytle and Aaron Burtch , formerly of Grandaddy , to record an album entitled I Heart California , which was released in 2010 under the name Admiral Radley .
Members
Current :
Aaron Espinoza singer/guitarist
Ariana Murray bassist/keyboardist/singer
Past :
Solon Bixler
Jim Fairchild
Scott McPherson
Joel Graves
Derek Brown
Russell Pollard
Brian Aubert
Andrew Lynch
Brian Thornell
Discography
Filthy Doorways ( November 22 , 1999 )
Kingdom of Champions ( October 17 , 2000 )
The Avenues ( EP ) ( January 21 , 2003 )
Everyone Down Here ( April 22 , 2003 )
Treble and Tremble ( September 28 , 2004 )
Answers and Questions ( Single ) ( July 25 , 2006 )
Mentor Tormentor ( August 21 , 2007 )
Hymn and Them ( July 1 , 2008 )
System Preferences ( September 2012 )
Appearances in other media
`` Happy Alone '' from the album Mentor Tormentor was used in the films Humboldt County ( 2008 ) and TiMER ( 2009 ) .
`` The World '' from the album Mentor Tormentor was played on Life during the discovery of a body in the episode titled `` Initiative 38 '' ( season 2 , episode 20 ) .
`` Town Where You Belong '' from the album Hymn and Them was featured in an episode of ER and an episode of One Tree Hill ( 2008 ) .
`` The World '' from the album Mentor Tormentor was played during the season two premiere of Dollhouse when Claire Saunders left and Boyd found them note .
`` We Drink On The Job '' from the album Everyone Down Here was featured in a first-season episode of the American drama show The O.C .
`` It 's Okay To Think About The Ending '' from the album Treble and Tremble was played in the American TV series House .
`` Bloody Nose '' from the album Mentor Tormentor was featured in an episode of One Tree Hill ( season 5 , episode 3 ) .
`` Interloper '' from the EP `` The Avenues '' was featured in an episode in the American TV series The Vampire Diaries .
`` Interloper '' from `` The Avenues '' played in the background during a scene in the American TV series Six Feet Under .
`` Face down in the right town '' from the album Hymn and Them was featured in an episode of One Tree Hill ( season 6 , episode 2 ) .
`` All They Ever Do Is Talk '' from the album Treble and Tremble was featured in the episode of Veronica Mars titled Clash of the Tritons .
`` Before It Gets Better '' from the album Hymn and Them was featured in the last scene of Ugly Bettys 61st episode , Rabbit Test
`` Broke the Furniture '' from the album Treble and Tremble plays during the closing credits of Keiran Mulroney 's 2009 film Paper Man .
`` Nevermind the Phonecalls '' from the album Mentor Tormentor in the E09 S2 of Shameless .
`` We Drink On The Job '' from the album Everyone Down Here was featured in the American film The Art of Getting By .
`` The World '' from the album Mentor Tormentor was featured in episode 60 , titled `` Not Just a Pretty Face , '' of the USA Network television series Suits .
References
External links
Earlimart Official Homepage
[ Earlimart at Allmusic.com ]
Photos and Review of Earlimart @ El Mocambo , Toronto , 10/05/2007
The Scenestar Interview with Earlimart 10/22/2007
Pitchfork Media review of Everyone Down Here 6/26/2003
SuicideSqueeze.net
Suicide Squeeze Records artists
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Indie rock musical groups from California
Manavjit Singh Sandhu ( born 3 November 1976 ) is an Indian sport shooter who specializes in trap shooting . They are a Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Awardee in 2006 and Arjuna Awardee in 1998 . They are a 4 time Olympian , having represented India at the Athens 2004 Summer Olympics , Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics the London 2012 Summer Olympics and the Rio 2016 Summer Olympics . They are former World No . 1 ranked Trap Shooter .
In November 2016 , Perazzi announced Manavjit Singh Sandhu as their brand ambassador .
Sandhu was educated at the Lawrence School , Sanawar . and Delhi Public School , R.K. Puram .
They belong to the village Ratta Khera Punjab Singh Wala in the district of Firozpur , Punjab . Their father is Gurbir Singh and their uncles are Randhir Singh and Parambir Singh .
They won the gold medal at the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships , becoming the first Indian shotgun shooter to be crowned World Champion .
They have won four silver medals at 1998 Asian Games , 2002 Asian Games and 2006 Asian Games .
They won the gold medal at 1998 Commonwealth Games and the bronze medal in the trap event at the 2006 Commonwealth Games .
They have won six gold medals at the Asian Clay Shooting Championships .
At the 2008 Olympics they finished in 12th place , having finished tied 19th at the 2004 Olympics .
In 2010 , they won the Commonwealth Shooting Championship gold and the very next week won gold at the World Cup 2010 in Mexico .
As of 2 April 2010 , they are ranked # 3 in the world . Their highest ranking has been World # 1 in 2006 .
Their career in shooting started early and their interest developed mainly due to their father Gurbir Singh Sandhu who is an Olympian and Arjuna Awardee . Their education is from the Lawrence School Sanawar . They further have studied at the YPS Chandigarh , Delhi Public School R.K.Puram New Delhi and the Venkateswara College , Delhi University .
They were awarded Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award for 2006–2007 , Indian 's highest honour given for achievements in sports .
They won the gold medal at the World Cup 2014 , Tucson , US , on 11 April 2014 .
Sandhu competed at the Rio 2016 Summer Olympics , where they finished at 16th place in the men 's trap qualification round .
They hold the Asian Record of 124/125 Targets .
References
1976 births
Living people
Indian male sport shooters
Sport shooters from Himachal Pradesh
Trap and double trap shooters
Punjabi people
Lawrence School , Sanawar alumni
Recipients of the Khel Ratna Award
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Olympic shooters of India
Shooters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Shooters at the 1998 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2002 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2006 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2010 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2014 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2018 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for India
Shooters at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Paula Ritchie is a Scottish woman cricketer . They made their international debut for Scotland during the 2008 Women 's Cricket World Cup Qualifier after replacing Caroline Heron who was initially named in the squad due to injury . They play club cricket for Ferguslie Club in Scotland .
References
External links
Living people
Scottish women cricketers
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Kinnaur is one of the twelve administrative districts of the state of Himachal Pradesh in northern India . The district is divided into three administrative areas ( Kalpa , Nichar ( Bhabanagar ) , and Pooh ) and has six tehsils . The administrative headquarters of the district is at Reckong Peo . The mountain peak of Kinnaur Kailash is found in this district . As of 2011 , it is the second least populous district of Himachal Pradesh ( out of 12 districts ) , after Lahaul and Spiti .
General
Kinnaur is about from the state capital , Shimla , located in the northeast corner of Himachal Pradesh bordering Tibet to the east . It has three high mountain ranges , namely Zanskar and the Himalayas , that enclose the valleys of Baspa , Satluj , and Spiti , as well as their tributaries . The slopes are covered with thick wood , orchards , fields and hamlets . At the peak of Kinnaur Kailash mountain is a natural rock Shivling ( Shiva lingam ) . The district was opened to outsiders in 1989 . The old Hindustan-Tibet Road passes through the Kinnaur valley along the bank of river Sutlej and finally enters Tibet at Shipki La pass . Kinnaur is the second richest district in terms of per capita income after Solan in Himachal Pradesh .
History
Kinnaur was a part of erstwhile Chini Tehsil of Mahasu district . It became a separate district on 1 May 1960 . Earlier , Kinnaur was a north-eastern segment of the erstwhile Bushahr principality , which had its capital at Kamru . Later , the capital was shifted to Rampur Bushahr . After the fall of the Kannauj Empire the rulers of Kamru annexed adjoining territories by force and laid the foundation of the state of Bushahr , to which the region of Kinnaur belonged till the dissolution of the state after independence of India . In the absence of authentic historical records the early history of the Kinnaur region is obscure and the reference of the Kinnaur or Kannaura and their land is by and large confined to legends and mythological accounts .
Kinnaur also has historical cultural links with Ngari Prefecture of the Tibetan Autonomous Region .
Geography
A mountainous area , ranging in altitude from , Kinnaur is one of the smallest districts in India by population . It is known for the Kinnaur Kailash , a mountain sacred to Hindus , close to the Chinese border .
Demographics
According to the 2011 census , Kinnaur district has a population of 84,121.3 This gives it a ranking of 620th in India ( out of a total of 640 ) . The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 7.61 % . Kinnaur has a sex ratio of 819 females for every 1000 males , and a literacy rate of 80 % .
At the 2011 census , 72 % of the population in the district spoke Kinnauri , 16.65 % Hindi and 7.03 % as their first language .
Culture
Festivals of Kinnaur :
Saazo – January
Fagul or Holi – March
Bish – April
Dakhrian – July
Ukhyang – September
Climate
Most of Kinnaur enjoys a temperate climate due to its high elevation , with long winters from October to May , and short summers from June to September . The lower parts of the Sutlej Valley and the Baspa Valley receive monsoon rains . The Baspa valley receives the highest rainfall in July month . The upper areas of the valleys fall mainly in the rain-shadow area . These areas are considered to be arid regions , similar to the climate of Tibet and Central Asian countries . A study by the IIT Delhi in 2016 established that Kinnaur district has the cleanest air in the country
Flora and fauna
Portions of Kinnaur are situated high in the Himalaya , where vegetation is sparse and consists primarily of hardy grasses . Alpine species such as juniper , pine , fir , cypress , and rhododendron can be found at elevations between 3,500 and 5,000 metres , primarily in Middle Kinnaur . At lower altitudes , temperate-climate trees are found , including oak , chestnut , maple , birch , alder , magnolia , apple , and apricot .
Yaks and dzos are reared by local farmers in the higher areas . Scattered populations of the Himalayan black bear and small ponies may also be found .
Politics
| }
Transport
Air
No direct flight commute to Kinnaur . The nearest airport is Shimla Airport that is connected with all the major cities .
Rail
Kinnaur does not have any railway service commuting directly to the place . One can reach Shimla that is connected by a narrow-gauge railway line from Kalka .
Road
Connected by National Highway 05 Kinnaur can be easily reached via Shimla . Busses run by Himachal Road Transport Corporation ply from Shimla to different parts of Kinnaur .
Gallery
See also
Kinnauri Nati
Kinnauri Shawl
Kinnauri language
West Himalayish languages ( Kinnauri languages )
Pahari Kinnauri language
Chitkuli Kinnauri language
Bhoti Kinnauri
References
External links
The official website of Kinnaur
DISTRICT PROFILE
Photo Documentation of Lahul-Spiti and Kinnaur-November 2003
About the 'Nako Research and Preservation Project ( NRPP ) ' of the Vienna University , Austria
Murmur of the Lonely Brook - a book by Debashis Dey based on Kinnaur and the practice of Polyandry
Photo Gallery of Kinnaur and Spiti - Winter 2013
Detailed Travel Guide on Kinnaur Valley
Districts of Himachal Pradesh
1960 establishments in Himachal Pradesh
The 2012–13 Stony Brook Seawolves men 's basketball team represented Stony Brook University in the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . They were coached by eighth year head coach Steve Pikiell and played their home games at Pritchard Gymnasium . They were members of the America East Conference . They finished the season 25–8 , 14–2 in America East play to become America East regular season champions . They advanced to the semifinals of the America East Tournament where they lost to Albany . As a regular season conference champion who failed to win their conference tournament , they received an automatic bid to the 2013 NIT . The Seawolves defeated Massachusetts in the first round for their first ever postseason tournament victory in school history . They lost in the second round to Iowa .
Previous season
After being picked second , behind the Boston Terriers , in the conference coaches preseason poll the Seawolves exceeded expectations capturing their second regular season championship in three years . Stony Brook went 5–6 through the non-conference regular season . Among their losses were Indiana , Northwestern , Boston College , and Rutgers in the Madison Square Garden Holiday Festival . Despite the slow start , the Seawolves cruised through the conference season capturing a program record 14 wins and 2 losses to earn the title . In the America East tournament Stony Brook went on to defeat the Binghamton Bearcats and Albany Great Danes to advance to their second consecutive championship game . The following week Stony Brook faced off against Vermont at the Stony Brook Arena falling by a score of 43–51 . Despite their championship exit , Stony Brook participated in the 2012 NIT First Round falling by the score of 63–61 in the last bucket to end their season .
Before the season
Losses
The Seawolves lost to graduation Danny Carter , all-time points leader Bryan Dougher , Dallis Joyner , and Al Rapier .
Recruitment
Ranking and polls
Stony Brook was chosen second , behind the Vermont Catamounts , in the 2012 America East Preseason Coaches Poll ahead Boston University .
Roster
Coaching
Schedule
|-
! colspan=9 style= '' background : # ; color : white ; '' | Non-conference regular season
|-
! colspan=9 style= '' background : # ; color : white ; '' | America East regular season
|-
! colspan=9 style= '' background : # ; color : white ; '' | 2013 America East Tournament
|-
! colspan=9 style= '' background : # ; color : white ; '' | 2013 NIT
References
Stony Brook
Stony Brook Seawolves men 's basketball seasons
Stony Brook
Stony Brook
Stony Brook
Mehrchin ( , also Romanized as Mehrchīn ) is a village in Malard Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 842 , in 240 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
Hoseynabad-e Jangal ( ) may refer to :
Hoseynabad-e Jangal , Razavi Khorasan
The reed parrotbill ( Calamornis heudei ) is a species of bird in the family Paradoxornithidae . It is found in Manchuria and eastern China and the Russian Far East . It is threatened by habitat loss .
The northern subspecies C. h. polivanovi is sometimes regarded as a separate species , the northern parrotbill .
References
Robson , C. ( 2007 ) . Family Paradoxornithidae ( Parrotbills ) pp . 292 – 321 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Montreal .
reed parrotbill
Birds of China
Birds of Manchuria
reed parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Mikael Espersen is a Danish lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
William Folster ( 27 March 1894 – 23 November 1954 ) was an Australian politician . They were a Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1930 until 1932 , representing the electorate of Orange .
Folster was born in Brunswick in Victoria , but their family moved to Orange while they were a child . They were educated at Orange East Public School , and undertook an engineering apprenticeship . They joined the Railways Department in 1915 , working as a fitter at Wellington , but was dismissed after a railway strike . They were re-employed in Wellington from 1917 until 1920 , transferred to Tenterfield from 1920 until 1924 , then employed as a steam shed inspector at Nyngan ( 1924–1926 ) and Murrurundi ( 1926–1927 ) . They resigned from the Railways Department in 1927 to open an engineering business in Orange .
Folster was the Labor candidate for the seat of Orange at the 1927 state election , but lost to sitting Nationalist MLA John Fitzpatrick . Fitzpatrick retired in 1930 , and Folster was again chosen to contest the seat for Labor . The rural Orange area was suffering badly due to the Great Depression , and Folster campaigned on Labor leader Jack Lang 's radical proposals for a resolution . It was well received by both Labor traditionalists and the district 's increasingly desperate farmers , and Folster narrowly won the traditionally conservative seat . Their career was to be short-lived , however ; an increasingly controversial Lang was dismissed by the state Governor in 1932 , and Folster was defeated by United Australia Party candidate Alwyn Tonking at the resulting election , one of many Labor MLAs to lose their seats that year . They again contested Orange in 1935 , but lost to Tonking a second time .
Folster joined the left-wing splinter Industrial Labor Party under Robert Heffron in 1939 . Later in life Folster was a boiler inspector for the Western districts , and worked for the government during World War II . They died at Orange in 1954 , and was buried at the Orange cemetery .
References
1894 births
1954 deaths
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
20th-century Australian politicians
Daphne Patai ( born 1943 ) is an American scholar and author . They are professor emeritus of the Department of Languages , Literatures , and Cultures at the University of Massachusetts Amherst . Them PhD is in Brazilian literature , but their early work also focused on utopian and dystopian fiction . They are the daughter of the anthropologist Raphael Patai .
Critique of feminist politics
After spending ten years with a joint appointment in women 's studies and in Portuguese , Patai became highly critical of what they saw as the imposition of a political agenda on educational programs . In Patai 's view , this politicization not only debases education , but also threatens the integrity of education generally . Having done , earlier in their career , a good deal of research using personal interview techniques , they drew on these techniques in their book , co-authored with philosopher of science Noretta Koertge , entitled Professing Feminism . Their research included personal interviews with feminist professors who had become disillusioned with feminist initiatives in education . Drawing on these interviews and on materials defining and defending women 's studies programs , the book analyzed practices within women 's studies that the authors felt were incompatible with serious education and scholarship — above all , the explicit subservience of educational to political aims .
A recent enlarged edition of this book provided extensive documentation from current feminist writings of the continuation , and indeed exacerbation , of these practices . Routinely challenged by feminists who declare that `` all education is political , '' Patai has responded with the claim that this view is simplistic . They argue that a significant difference exists between the reality that education may have political implications and the intentional use of education to indoctrinate . The latter , they argue , is no more acceptable when done by feminists than when done by fundamentalists .
Patai 's thesis is that a failure to defend the integrity of education and a habit of dismissing data and research on political grounds , not only seriously hurt students but also leave feminists helpless in trying to defend education against other ideological incursions ( such as intelligent design ) . Only positive knowledge , respect for logic , evidence , and scrupulous scholarship not held to political standards , Patai contends , can lead to a better future . Twentieth-century examples of contrary educational practices have a sordid history , one that has hardly promoted women 's rights ( or any other human rights ) .
Among Patai 's concerns are what they see as draconian sexual harassment regulations as implemented in the academic world . They argue that contemporary feminism is poisoned by a strong element of hostility to sexual interaction between men and women and an effort to suppress it through micromanagement of everyday relations . This idea is developed in their 1998 book Heterophobia : Sexual Harassment and the Future of Feminism . Patai has also written about the negative impact of Critical Theory on the study of literature . Together with Will H. Corral they edited Theory 's Empire : An Anthology of Dissent ( Columbia University Press ) , a collection of essays by fifty scholars taking issue with Theory orthodoxies of the past few decades .
Patai insists that to criticize feminism and women 's studies is not to seek to turn the clock back . From their perspective , they are addressing their critiques to other educators ( including feminist educators ) , in the hope that they will see the importance of defending education from those who want to force it into a particular political mould , regardless of the popularity of particular views at any given moment .
Other work
Patai is credited with discovering who wrote the notable feminist dystopian novel Swastika Night and other feminist speculative fiction in the 1930s . They were published under the pseudonym of Murray Constantine but were written by an English woman named Katharine Burdekin . Patai has been involved in their republication .
In addition to their work on women 's studies and feminism , they continue to write about utopian studies and oral history . Many of their opinion pieces have appeared in the Chronicle of Higher Education and in the online magazine Minding the Campus . They serve on the Board of Directors of The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education ( FIRE ) , a non-profit organization devoted to protecting First Amendment rights on college campuses . In 2008 Patai published What Price Utopia ? Essays on Ideological Policing , Feminism , and Academic Affairs ( Rowman and Littlefield ) -- which brings together their writing on the culture wars of the past two decades and also includes a few new pieces . Them the latest book , published in 2010 in Brazil , is a selection of their essays titled Historia Oral , Feminismo e Politica ( São Paulo : Letra e Voz ) .
Selected published works
Myth and Ideology in Contemporary Brazilian Literature ( Associated University Presses , 1983 )
The Orwell Mystique : A Study in Male Ideology ( University of Massachusetts Press , 1984 )
Brazilian Women Speak : Contemporary Life Stories ( Rutgers University Press , 1988 ; 1993 )
Women 's Words : The Feminist Practice of Oral History ( co-edited with Sherna Berger Gluck ; Routledge , 1991 )
Rediscovering Forgotten Radicals : British Women Writers 1889-1939 ( co-edited with Angela Ingram ; University of North Carolina Press , 1993 )
Professing Feminism : Cautionary Tales from the Strange World of Women 's Studies ( written with Noretta Koertge ; Basic Books , 1994 )
Professing Feminism : Education and Indoctrination in Women 's Studies ( with N. Koertge ; new and expanded edition ; Lexington Books , 2003 )
Heterophobia : Sexual Harassment and the Future of Feminism ( Rowman & Littlefield Publishers , 1998 )
Theory 's Empire : An Anthology of Dissent ( co-edited with Will H. Corral ; Columbia University Press , 2005 )
What Price Utopia ? Essays on Ideological Policing , Feminism , and Academic Affairs ( Rowman and Littlefield , 2008 )
Historia Oral , Feminismo e Politica ( São Paulo : Letra e Voz , 2010 ) .
References
1943 births
American people of Hungarian-Jewish descent
Female critics of feminism
American feminist writers
Jewish American writers
Jewish feminists
Living people
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
Individualist feminists
20th-century American writers
21st-century American writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
American women academics
21st-century American Jews
Justin Kennedy ( born 17 May 1972 ) is an actor , writer , voice-over artist and comedian from Melbourne , Australia . They started their performing career in 2002 , after making their first stand-up appearance in the national Raw Comedy competition .
Career
In 2003 , Kennedy teamed up with fellow comedians Gavin Baskerville and Dwight Bandy to write and perform the show Successful Losing : How to be a Spectacular Failure in both the WA Fringe Festival ( winning 'Best Comedy ' ) and the Melbourne International Comedy Festival . In 2004 , Kennedy performed their first solo stand-up show in the Melbourne International Comedy Festival , Simple Pleasures , which they followed over the next four years with I 'm With Stupid , Beelzebuzz ( nominated for a Golden Gibbo Award ) , Ladies ... ? and Passionista .
In 2009 , Kennedy teamed up with Sarah Collins to write and perform , Donna and Damo : An Asexual Love Story for the Melbourne Fringe before performing it at the Arts Centre in the 2010 Melbourne Comedy Festival . They proposed to Collins onstage during the curtain call of a performance in April 2010 .
In 2008 , Kennedy wrote and performed as a cast member of Foxtel 's The Mansion with Michael Chamberlin and Charlie Pickering . They appeared three times on Foxtel 's Stand Up Australia . They were a regular writer for Rove from 2007 until its final episode , appearing in numerous sketches during this time .
Kennedy has appeared as an actor in numerous television shows including The Time of Our Lives , The Secret , It 's a Date and Utopia , as well as voiced characters for the animated series ' Sumo Mouse , Flea-Bitten and SheZow .
Kennedy was formerly Head Writer at The Project and now writes for Hard Quiz and The Weekly with Charlie Pickering .
Select filmography
Rove
The Mansion
Stand Up Australia
The Secret
Neighbours
Stingers
Reverse Runner
References
External links
Official website
1972 births
Living people
Australian stand-up comedians
Lateef Kayode Are is a retired Nigerian Army Colonel who was Director General of the Nigerian State Security Service ( SSS ) from 1999 to 2007 and briefly served as National Security Adviser in 2010 . Are served as an officer in the Directorate of Military Intelligence up until retirement by General Sani Abacha . Are been appointed as Director-General of the State Security Service by President Olusegun Obasanjo , served in that post throughout President Obasanjo 's two terms ( 1999-2007 ) , and was replaced by Afakiriya Gadzama , who was appointed in August 2007 by President Umaru Yar'Adua .
Background and education
Are been commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant in December 1974 from the Nigerian Defence Academy as part of the NDA Regular Course 12 . They graduated among the best ten student officers and was deployed to the Nigerian Army Intelligence Corp following their graduation from the Defence Academy . Are 's NDA Regular Course 12 mates included officers such as General Owoye Andrew Azazi , Colonel Sambo Dasuki , and Admiral Ganiyu Adekeye .
Are later graduated with a First Class Honours degree in Psychology in 1980 from the University of Ibadan where they won the University Senate prize , Faculty of Social Sciences prize and the Department of Psychology prize for best graduating student . They later obtained a master 's degree in International Law and Diplomacy from the University of Lagos in 1987 .
Director General of the SSS
Are served with General Aliyu Gusau at the Directorate of Military Intelligence during Are 's time in the army . In 1999 , Gusau , the newly appointed National Security Adviser , recommended Are to President Olusegun Obasanjo , who appointed Are as Director General of the State Security Service . There is some speculation that Are and Obasanjo 's Owu kinship played a role in Are 's appointment as Director General .
National Security Adviser
In April 2010 , Are been appointed as Deputy National Security Adviser by President Goodluck Jonathan .
This was a newly created position .
When Aliyu Gusau resigned as National Security Advisor ( NSA ) , Kayode Are taken over as Acting NSA .
Jonathan relieved Are as NSA and appointed General Owoye Andrew Azazi as NSA , effective on 4 October 2010 .
The announcement of the change said `` The President thanked the outgoing NSA for their services , and wished them well in their future endeavours '' .
References
Living people
Directors General of the State Security Service ( Nigeria )
Nigerian security personnel
National Security Organization staff
Nigerian Defence Academy alumni
University of Lagos alumni
Yoruba military personnel
University of Ibadan alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Fedje is the largest island in Fedje Municipality in Vestland county , Norway . The island is home to almost all of the municipality 's residents . The island sits west of the Fedjefjorden , south of the mouth of the Fensfjorden , and north of the islands of Øygarden . The North Sea lies to the west of the island . The main population center on the island is the village of Fedje on the northern coast of the island . The southern coast of the island is the site of the other village on the island , Stormark . The tall Fedjebjørnen is the highest point on the mountain . Hellisøy Lighthouse lies just off the southwestern coast of the island .
See also
List of islands of Norway
References
Islands of Vestland
Fedje
The West River , in the US state of Massachusetts , is a tributary of the Blackstone River .
Course
It originates in the towns of Grafton and Upton , Massachusetts , near the Upton State Forest , at Silver Lake and Cider Mill Pond in Grafton , and crosses into the eastern portion of Northbridge , passes through the eastern portion of Uxbridge where the West Hill Dam provides flood control , and enters into the Blackstone River south of Uxbridge and Wheelockville before the Blackstone enters the state of Rhode Island .
A wildlife preserve with fishing , hiking and recreation trails are found at a federal recreation area created at the West Hill Dam . The West River Reservoir is well known for fishing .
History
The West River provided water power at the outset of the American Industrial Revolution , providing power to a textile mill founded by Luke Taft in 1825 , which later became the site of the Waucantuck Mill Complex where wash and wear fabrics originated . About 1810 Taft 's father-in-law , Daniel Day , started an early wool-carding mill where the West River joins the Blackstone River . The Daniel Day woolen mill was one of the first US woolen mills . The Blackstone River Valley is a U.S. National Heritage Area and a major contributing region to America 's Industrial Revolution .
See also
West Hill Dam
Blackstone River
List of rivers of Massachusetts
Notes
External links
US Army Corps of Engineers , West Hill Dam , Uxbridge , Massachusetts
West Hill Dam Project , Master Plan
History of the textile industry
Uxbridge , Massachusetts
Rivers of Worcester County , Massachusetts
Rivers of Massachusetts
Tributaries of Providence River
The Viña del Mar psychopaths ( ) were Chilean serial killer duo Jorge José Sagredo Pizarro ( 22 August 1955 – 29 January 1985 ) and Carlos Alberto Topp Collins ( 25 January 1950 – 29 January 1985 ) . They committed ten murders and four rapes from 5 August 1980 to 1 November 1981 , in the city of Viña del Mar . They were the last men to be executed in Chile .
Crimes
Murder of Enrique Gajardo Casales on 5 August 1980 on the El Olivar trail , close to the intersection with the Achupallas pass .
Murder of Alfredo Sánchez Muñoz on 12 November 1980 in the Estadio Sausalito sector ; during the attack , they also raped Sánchez Muñoz 's companion , Fernanda Bohle Basso .
Murder of Fernando Lagunas Alfaro and Delia González Apablaza on 28 February 1981 on the Marga Marga estuary .
Murder of Luis Morales Álvarez on 25 May 1981 on the Camino Granadilla . They also stole Álvarez 's taxi .
Murder of Jorge Inostroza Letelier on 26 May 1981 in Reñaca ; during the attack , they also raped Inostroza 's companion Margarita Santibáñez Ibaceta .
Murder of Raúl Aedo León on 28 July 1981 in the National Botanical Garden of Viña del Mar . They also stole León 's taxi .
Murder of Oscar Noguera Inostroza on 28 July 1981 in Limache ; during the attack , they also raped Noguera 's companion Ana María Riveros Contreras .
Murder of Jaime Ventura Córdova and Rosana Venegas Reyes on 1 November 1981 under the Capuchinos Bridge .
History
Research
There were two parallel investigations during the crime series . One was conducted by the OS7 Drug Department , directed by Mayot Ávila . The other was by a special group of the Investigations Police of Chile ( PDI ) , directed by Commissioner Nelson Lillo .
The key to finding the two murderers was delivered by Corporal Juan Quijada , of the First Commissariat of Viña del Mar . After Sagredo confessed to the crimes , Corporal Quijada denounced them to the OS7 Drug Department .
Detention and judicial process
Sagredo and Topp Collins were brought to justice on 8 March 1982 , and declared guilty by the Minister in visit Dinorah Cameratti on 13 March .
Jorge Sagredo and Carlos Topp Collins confessed extrajudicially , judicially and publicly to all their crimes . In this way , both were found guilty and sentenced to death , a sentenced first handed down on 8 January 1983 by the minister in visit Julio Torres Allú .
The sentence was confirmed in the second instance by the unanimity of the First Chamber of the Court of Appeals of Valparaíso , composed of the ministers Margarita Osnovikoff , Iris González and Guillermo Navas . The sentence was ratified unanimously by the Third Chamber of the Supreme Court of Chile , consisting of the ministers Osvaldo Erbetta Vaccaro , Emilio Ulloa Muñoz , Abraham Meersohn Schijman and the lawyers Raúl Rencoret Donoso and Cecilli Cáceres , on 17 January 1985 .
Execution
Relatives of the victims lobbied against the executions of Sagredo and Topp since they believed the two men were connected to a higher-ranking death squad , and . Sagredo said they and Topp had committed some of the murders after being given drugs and promised money by a `` crime club '' that included a prominent building contractor and five other `` executives '' who wanted to eliminate political opponents of the Pinochet regime Only one `` executive '' was identified Luis Gubler Diaz , a building contractor and member of a prominent Vina del Mar family . Diaz had close ties with intelligence squads during the violent repression of leftists after the 1973 coup .
An investigation showed that a revolver owned by Gubler was used in four murders . The detective told a court that Gubler confessed to two murders while in custody . However , the detective and the judge hearing the case were later removed removed . Gubler was freed , and a new judge refused to permit any new evidence against them on the grounds that their confession was made under torture .
However , both men were denied clemency by Augusto Pinochet , and they were executed by firing in Quillota on 29 January 1985 . Their hands were tied , they were strapped to chairs , and they had circular red paper targets placed over their hearts .
Sagredo and Topp are currently the last people to be legally executed in Chile , and are the last people executed for common crimes . Chile abolished capital punishment for common offenses in 2001 .
Cultural references
During 2013 and 2014 , Canal 13 issued a series called Secretos en el Jardín , inspired by the case .
The movie Pena de Muerte , released in 2012 .
See also
List of serial killers by country
References
1950 births
1955 births
1980 murders in Chile
1981 murders in Chile
1985 deaths
1980s murders in Chile
20th-century executions by Chile
Carabineros de Chile
Chilean people convicted of murder
Criminal duos
Executed Chilean serial killers
Male serial killers
People convicted of murder by Chile
People executed by Chile by firearm
People executed for murder
People from Viña del Mar
The Francisco Morazán Championship was a yearly football tournament which was played in Honduras from 1947 to 1964 . The tournament included teams from the department of Francisco Morazán only and served as a qualification phase to the national championship , also known as the Honduran Amateur League .
Winners
By team
See also
Honduran Amateur League
References
Francisco
The 2019 Tokyo car attack was a vehicle-ramming attack that occurred on January 1 , 2019 , in Tokyo , Japan . Suspect Kazuhiro Kusakabe told authorities they intentionally rammed into pedestrians crowded into narrow Takeshita Street in Harajuku district as a terrorist attack in retaliation for the execution of Aum Shinrikyo doomsday cult members . The New Year 's Day attack left eight injured . A ninth person was also directly injured by the driver . The suspect said they initially planned an arson attack by spreading kerosene with a high-pressure washer at the crowd at the nearby Meiji Shrine but found that vehicles were not permitted there .
Kusakabe was subsequently convicted of attempted murder in connection with the attack . They were sentenced to 18 years in prison .
Attack
The attack occurred early in the morning , shortly after midnight . A car collided with people on Takeshita Street , Harajuku district , Shibuya ward , Tokyo . The incident occurred close to Meiji Shrine , one of the largest Shinto shrines in Japan . The street was closed to traffic at the time due to New Year 's celebrations . The perpetrator entered the street through a gap in the police barricade near the end facing Meiji-dori street and drove 140 meters the wrong way down the street , hitting eight men aged 19–51 and then crashing into a building . The vehicle used in the attack was a rental Daihatsu Move with Osaka license plates . The perpetrator fled the scene , but 20 or 30 minutes later , they were found by police in nearby Yoyogi Park .
A 30-liter tank of kerosene was also found inside the vehicle along with a pressure washer . There was no fire reported .
Alleged perpetrator
A 21-year-old man , , was arrested by police on suspicion of attempted murder . Media quoted the man as claiming they had committed a terrorist act and deliberately driven their car down the narrow street to protest Japan 's system of capital punishment and `` in retaliation for execution of Aum cult members '' .
Asahi.com reported that Kusakabe says they staged the attack `` in retaliation for the death penalty system . ''
Police told several media outlets that they were investigating a link between Kusakabe and a doomsday cult , formerly known as Aum Shinrikyo which was responsible for the 1995 Tokyo subway sarin attack .
According to Asahi , the suspect said to police that they had prepared for an arson attack `` I planned to set fire by spreading kerosene with the high-pressure washer , targeting a crowd at Meiji Shrine '' . However police suspect they changed their plan after finding that vehicles were not permitted at the shrine due to the high volume of visitors .
Victims
Eight men , aged 19–51 , were injured by the car collision , with the 19-year-old remaining in critical condition as of January 3 , 2019 . The ninth victim was a man who was mildly injured when the alleged perpetrator struck them while getting out of their vehicle .
See also
Akihabara massacre
References
2019 crimes in Japan
2019 road incidents
2019 in Tokyo
2010s road incidents in Asia
Attacks in Asia in 2019
Crime in Tokyo
January 2019 crimes in Asia
January 2019 events in Japan
Road incidents in Japan
Vehicular rampage in Asia
Violence in Japan
Attacks during the New Year celebrations
Terrorist incidents in Japan in 2019
Attacks in Japan
Massacres in Japan
Yibin ( ; Sichuanese Pinyin : nyi2bin1 ; Sichuanese pronunciation : ) is a prefecture-level city in the southeastern part of Sichuan province , China , located at the junction of the Min and Yangtze Rivers . Its population was 4,588,804 inhabitants , according to the 2020 census , of whom 2,158,312 lived in the built-up area comprising three urban districts .
History
Human habitation of Yibin dates back at least 4,000 years . Yibin was established as a county in the Han dynasty ( 206 BC − AD 220 ) . Under the Ming and Qing , the town and its hinterland was known as Xuzhou Commandery pXùzhōufǔ ) , which was variously romanized as Suifu , Suifoo , and Suchow . Its population around 1907 was estimated at 50,000 .
Geography and climate
Yibin is located in the southeast portion of Sichuan at the southern end of the Sichuan Basin , bordering Zhaotong ( Yunnan ) to the south , Luzhou to the east , Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture and Leshan to the west , and Zigong to the north , and has a total area is . The city ranges in latitude from 27° 50'−29° 16 ' N , and in longitude from 103° 36'−105° 20 ' E , stretching east-west and north-south .
The city is located at the confluence of the Min and Yangtze Rivers . Above Yibin , the Yangtze is also known as the Jinsha River . Below Yibin , the Yangtze is known in Chinese as the Chang Jiang or `` Long River . ''
As with the rest of the Sichuan Basin , Yibin has a monsoon-influenced humid subtropical climate ( Köppen Cwa ) with high humidity year-round ; winters are short and mild while summers are long , hot , and humid . The monthly 24-hour average temperature ranges from in January to in July and August ; the annual mean is . Despite its location in the Yangtze River valley , it is still cooler than Chongqing , located further downstream , in its warmest months . Frost is uncommon and the frost-free period lasts 347 days . Rainfall is common year-round but is the greatest in July and August , with very little of it in the cooler months . With monthly percent possible sunshine ranging from 10 % in December and January to 42 % in August , the city receives only 1,018 hours of bright sunshine annually ; Yibin has one of the lowest annual sunshine totals nationally , lower than even nearby Chengdu and Chongqing . Spring ( March–April ) tends to be sunnier and warmer in the day than autumn ( October–November ) .
Administrative divisions
Economy
The city 's industry focuses on electronics , food products , and power generation . It also produces paper , silk , and leather products . The surrounding region is rich in agricultural resources , growing rice , barley , oil seeds , sesame , and tea .
The largest employer in Yibin is Wuliangye Yibin , a company best known for Wuliangye , a brand of sorghum-based distilled spirits known as baijiu . The Wuliangye Group grew from a small company employing just 300 people in 1977 into a large company employing over 20,000 on a seven-square-kilometer plant . According to an August 2005 article in a security weekly , the Wuliangye Group is 72 % state-owned and provides 70 % of the revenues of Yibin City , a major regional center at the head of the Yangtze in southeastern Sichuan . In 2004 6,225 retired military worked for the company , out of a total work force of over 20,000 . A third of top management positions are held by retired members of the military . Unsuccessful efforts to diversify its business , poor transparency and a murky ownership pictures are among the company 's problems today .
Transportation
The region 's natural waterways provide transportation links with the surrounding area , and Yibin is also connected to Chongqing and Chengdu by rail and express highway . Yibin 's proximity to the Yunnan and Guizhou borders also means that transportation to the provinces is available by rail and by bus .
Yibin has three bridges over the Chang Jiang section of the Yangtze and ten bridges over the Jinsha .
Yibin Wuliangye Airport offers flights to Beijing , Guangzhou , Guiyang , Hangzhou , Kunming , Lhasa , Sanya , Shanghai , Shenzhen , Xi'an , and Yichang .
Yibin opened the world 's second Autonomous Rail Rapid Transit/ '' trackless tram '' system in December 2019 .
< noinclude >
Tourism
There are several hot springs near Yibin , plus many other tourist attractions . Such attractions include the Bamboo Sea in Changning County and the Xingwen Stone Forest . Yibin is also the confluence of the Min and Jinsha Rivers , which together form the Chang Jiang as the Yangtze River is known in Chinese , from Yibin to Shanghai . Cuiping Mountain Park ( ) , located west of the confluence of those two rivers , provides views of downtown Yibin .
Yibin in literature
Dragonfly Eyes by Cao Wenxuan
Notes
References
.
.
External links
Official city website
Unofficial city briefing of Yibin
Yibin City on bashu.net
Yibin on chinaculture.org
Populated places on the Yangtze River
Prefecture-level divisions of Sichuan
Cities in Sichuan
The Wizards of Aus are an Australian television comedy series which began airing on SBS on 19 January 2016 . The series is directed by and stars Australian filmmaker Michael Shanks and is produced by Chris Hocking , Nicholas Colla and Sumah Hurley . It is written by Michael Shanks and Nicholas Issell . It was originally devised as a six-part online series but instead became a three-part television series . A full 6-part version was released on YouTube on 18 February 2016 .
Plot
Jack the Wizard ( Michael Shanks ) , has had enough of the Magical Realm 's obsession with large-scale fantasy warfare , and so decides to migrate to the western suburbs of Footscray , Melbourne . However , growing political tension coupled with endless trouble from fellow wizard Skulldrich make assimilation into human life more difficult .
Cast
Michael Shanks as Jack
Menik Gooneratne as Kylie
Mark Bonanno as Skulldrich
Guests
Guy Pearce as Morgan Wright
Bruce Spence as Regimand
Samuel Johnson as Terry
Mark Mitchell as Senator Geoff Quinn
Jared Daperis as Ghost Writer
Liam McIntyre as Bronco the Slayer
Lucia Smyrk as Elsa
Nicholas Colla as Mr. Swinton
Nicolette Minster as Mrs. Swinton
Hannah Camilleri as Anna
Mahalia Brown as Rebecca
Matylda Buczko as Megan
Nicholas Issell as Lord Mummy
Christie Whelan as Deborah Brickenwood
Rhys Mitchell as Batty
Kyrie Capri as Lady Caroliniana
Jordan Raskopoulos as Marvolo
Jackson McInerney as Zandark
Stig Wemyss as Snot-Beak Fuck-Nuggs
Wendy Bos as Dating Coordinator
Paul Verhoeven as Horatio the Blower
Ben Ridgwell as Frank Jilkins
Liz Lethlean as Miranda Merhtens
Michael Waugh as Country Singer
Daniel Daperis as West Guard
Alistair Marks as Guard 1
References
External links
Special Broadcasting Service original programming
Australian comedy television series
2016 Australian television series debuts
Australian fantasy television series
The 1984 Peach Bowl featured the Purdue Boilermakers of the Big Ten against the Virginia Cavaliers of the ACC . Virginia defeated Purdue 27–24 in the first bowl game in school history .
Purdue jumped out to a 24–14 halftime lead , but Virginia scored the only points of the second half with a touchdown and two field goals in order to pull out the win . Purdue quarterback Jim Everett passed for 253 yards and three touchdowns , but the Boilermakers gained just 75 yards rushing and committed four turnovers in their first bowl loss . Purdue finished the season 7–5 and tied for second place in the Big Ten . Virginia finished 8–2–2 .
References
Peach Bowl
Peach Bowl
Purdue Boilermakers football bowl games
Virginia Cavaliers football bowl games
December 1984 sports events in the United States
1984 in sports in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Skull Fist is a Canadian heavy metal band formed in Toronto .
History
Formation , Heavier Than Metal and Head of the Pack ( 2006–2010 )
Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by guitarist/singer Zach Slaughter in Toronto . The band released a two-song demo in 2006 titled No False Metal which included the tracks `` Ride The Beast '' and `` No False Metal '' . The band has seen many lineup changes with many different musicians stepping in for a few weeks at a time from 2006 to 2010 leaving Slaughter the sole consistent member and many musicians coming and going on a regular basis . Slaughter released the Heavier than Metal EP with `` Alison Thunderland '' on drums and `` Sir Shred '' on second guitar in 2010 to a very positive response in the metal community and later signed to Noise Art Records shortly after . For the EP release , the band completed two tours across Canada , the Metal Assault festival in Europe along with a tour in January 2011 through Europe . Afterwards they played Up the Hammers Festival in Greece and toured with Bullet and Enforcer in April 2011 . Alison and Shred left the band due to personal conflicts . Casey Slade joined the band shortly after the EP was recorded , who had actually replaced Jonny Nesta who was filling in on bass until Slaughter settled on a permanent member . Nesta then joined Skull Fist on guitar which saw the release of the first Skull Fist album Head of the Pack . It was released August 26 , 2011 . After the release of the album Jake Purchase was added to the band and another Canada tour was done along with the power of metal tour with Sabaton and Grave Digger . The album has received great reviews across the globe which led them to another European tour with Grand Magus , Bullet , Steel Wing and Vanderbuyst . The summer of 2012 saw the band sharing the stage with Megadeth , W.A.S.P. , and Uriah Heep for The Rock the Nation touring festival event `` Metal Fest 2012 '' . Jake Purchase left and was replaced with Chris Steve . This was followed by a tour in Japan with Solitude and featured a gig with Japanese black/thrash act Sabbat , another Canadian tour and a tour through Brazil . The release of the second album for 2013 was postponed by a lack of funding and then postponed yet again after Slaughter broke their neck and other bones in a skateboarding accident .
Chasing the Dream ( 2014–2015 )
The band 's second LP titled Chasing the Dream was released in January 2014 . In a 2013 interview frontman Jackie Slaughter explained the three-year gap between the debut and its follow up :
At the beginning of the 2014 the band stated their European Tour with 30 dates over 14 countries . After the European gigs , the band gave nine concerts in Mexico . Between these dates they appeared at some festivals as well and completed a South American , US , and Canadian tour along with the other dates . The album was nominated for a Juno award in Canada and had seen the band 's popularity increase .
The band 's lineup was initially unstable but since 2011 has featured founder Jackie Slaughter , guitarist Jonny Nesta and bassist Casey Slade . This lineup has featured on both of the band 's studio albums ( albeit with different drummers ) .
Way of the Road and next album ( 2015–present )
On June 30 , 2015 , Zach Slaughter left the band for approximately four months until returning . The band 's third studio album was released on October 26 , 2018 , and was titled Way of the Road . Skull Fist is also featured in the soundtrack of horror/comedy New Zealand film , Deathgasm .
Skull Fist is currently working on their fourth studio album , which is due for release in early 2022 . As of July 2021 , the record has yet to be released .
In July 2021 , the band 's official Facebook page announced that Jonny Nesta has amicably parted ways .
Musical style
Skull Fist is considered to be an important part of the new wave of traditional heavy metal ( NWOTHM ) an ongoing movement that in recent years has seen the return of traditional sounding metal bands ( similar to the Swedish glam metal revival ) . The name is taken from the new wave of British heavy metal in which the movement strongly identifies with . Other bands considered part of the movement include White Wizzard , Enforcer , Cauldron , Grand Magus , Striker , Holy Grail .
Members
Zach Slaughter – lead vocals , rhythm guitar ( 2006–2015 , 2015–present )
Casey Slade – bass , backing vocals ( 2011–present )
JJ Tartaglia – drums ( 2014–present )
Former notable members
Sir Shred – lead guitar ( 2006 , 2010–2011 )
Alison Thunderland – drums ( 2009–2011 )
Chris Steve – drums ( 2013–2014 )
Jonny Nesta – lead guitar , backing vocals ( 2011–2021 )
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
Head of the Pack ( 2011 )
Chasing The Dream ( 2014 )
Way of the Road ( 2018 )
Paid in Full ( 2022 )
EPs
No False Metal ( 2006 )
Heavier Than Metal ( 2010 )
See also
Traditional Metal
References
External links
2006 establishments in Ontario
Canadian heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2006
Musical groups from Toronto
Musical quartets
Karl-Heinrich Riewe was a German physicist . After World War II , they were sent to Russia to work on the Soviet atomic bomb project . After going on strike at a defense related facility in 1948 , they were accused of sabotage . They were sentenced to 25 years in the GULAG and disappeared .
Career
In Germany
In June 1941 , Riewe co-authored a paper electron optics and plasma physics with the nuclear physicist Fritz Houtermans . At this time , Houtermans is known to have been at the Forschungslaboratoriums für Elektronenphysik ( Research Laboratory for Electron Physics ) , a private laboratory of Manfred von Ardenne , in Berlin-Lichterfelde . The paper cites the two as being at a facility in Berlin ; other papers by Riewe , three years earlier ( see below ) , cited them as being at a facility in the community of Berlin-Wilmersdorf , which is in the vicinity of Berlin-Lichterfelde .
In Russia
Near the close of World War II , the Soviet Union sent special search teams into Germany to locate and deport German nuclear scientists or any others who could be of use to the Soviet atomic bomb project . The Russian Alsos teams were headed by NKVD Colonel General A. P. Zavenyagin and staffed with numerous scientists , from their only nuclear laboratory , attired in NKVD officer 's uniforms . The main search team , headed by Colonel General Zavenyagin , arrived in Berlin on 3 May , the day after Russia announced the fall of Berlin to their military forces ; it included Colonel General V. A. Makhnjov , and nuclear physicists Yulij Borisovich Khariton , Isaak Konstantinovich Kikoin , and Lev Andreevich Artsimovich . Targets on the top of their list were the physics facilities in Berlin and its environs .
Riewe was sent to the Russia to work on the Soviet atomic bomb project , at Heinz Pose 's Laboratory V in Obninsk , either in the initial sweep by the special search teams or later by Pose 's six-month recruitment trip , from March to August 1946 , with NKVD General Kravchenko and two other officers .
In 1948 , two scientists at Laboratory V , Riewe and Dr. Renger , went on strike for reasons of their work conditions or hoping to be sent back to Germany after their two-year contracts expired . As their actions where while working on a defense project , they were accused of being ring-leaders of sabotage and imprisoned . Riewe received a sentence of 25 years in the Soviet GULAG and disappeared . Tamara Andrjuschenko recalled hearing that Riewe had been executed for sabotage .
Postscript
Riewe 's widow moved to Sukhumi , where at that time there was workforce of 300 Germans working at Manfred von Ardenne 's Laboratory A , in Sinop , a suburb of Sukhumi . They eventually married the German draftsman Willi Lange . In 1950 , Lange , their wife , Lange 's daughter Hannelora , and their wife 's children by Riewe , moved to Sungul ' , where they worked at Nikolaus Riehl 's Laboratory B , also known under another cover name , Объект 0211 ( Ob'ekt 0211 , Object 0211 ) . After 1953 , they were quarantined in the Agudzery ( Agudseri ) transition camp , after which Germans returned to Germany .
K.Riewe was in the gulag in the city of Dzhezkazgan , Kazakh SSR . After the death of I.V . Talin , their wife and daughter Christiane ( bon 19/04/1942y . ) From the city of Sukhumi returned to Germany . After some time , their husband returned , Karl Riewi They survived the Soviet labor camp and survived . The family settled in western Germany , in the city of Hanau , where they lived for the rest of their lives . Died Karl-H-Riewe in early 199 ? year . After a while , their wife died . Karl After returning , they worked in various positions : they helped as a scientific secretary organize and hold world congresses of physicists-nuclear engineers . For a long time they worked as the head of the patent office in Hanau.Daughter Christiane Riewe-Talwar is still alive . Lives in the Host/Odenwald area
The death of Karla Riewe in Soviet captivity was erroneous . I have been friends with their daughter for a long time and they told me this .
Selected literature
Karl-Heinrich Riewe Über eine thermodynamische Berechnung der Ionisation , Zeitschrift für Physik , Volume 107 , Issue 9-10 , 680-682 ( 1937 ) . The author is identified as being in Berlin-Wilmersdorf . Submitted 2 November 1937 .
Karl-Heinrich Riewe Die Zustandssumme eines Dissoziationsvorganges , Zeitschrift für Physik Volume 109 , Numbers 11-12 , 753-757 ( 1938 ) . The author is identified as being in Berlin-Wilmersdorf . Submitted 27 April 1938 .
Karl-Heinrich Riewe Über eine neue thermodynamische Berechnung des Dissoziationsgrades , Zeitschrift für Physik Volume 110 , Numbers 5-6 , 393-394 ( 1938 ) . The author is identified as being in Berlin-Wilmersdorf . Submitted 20 July 1938 .
Fritz G. Houtermans and Karl-Heinrich Riewe Über die Raumladungswirkung an einem Strahl geladener Teilchen von rechteckigem Querschnitt der Blende , Archiv für Elektrotechnik Volume 35 , Number 11 , 686-691 ( 1941 ) . The authors are identified as being in Berlin . Submitted 5 June 1941 .
Bibliography
Maddrell , Paul Spying on Science : Western Intelligence in Divided Germany 1945–1961 ( Oxford , 2006 )
Naimark , Norman M. The Russians in Germany : A History of the Soviet Zone of Occupation , 1945-1949 ( Hardcover - Aug 11 , 1995 ) Belknap
Oleynikov , Pavel V. German Scientists in the Soviet Atomic Project , The Nonproliferation Review Volume 7 , Number 2 , 1 – 30 ( 2000 ) . The author has been a group leader at the Institute of Technical Physics of the Russian Federal Nuclear Center in Snezhinsk ( Chelyabinsk-70 ) .
Notes
20th-century German physicists
Nuclear weapons program of the Soviet Union
The Aintab Sanjak ( ) was a prefecture ( sanjak ) of the Ottoman Empire , located in modern-day Turkey . The city of Aintab ( now Gaziantep ) was the Sanjak 's capital . It had a population of 187,899 in 1914 .
History
Initially , Aintab was part of Syria according to the Treaty of Sèvres ; but the success of Turkish War of Independence , Maraş , Antep and Urfa sanjaks of former Halep Eyalet remained in Turkey after 1921 . Also , Antakya and İskenderun kazas of Halep Sanjak in one were separated as the Republic of Hatay in 1938 . The republic joined to Turkey in 1939 .
References
Gaziantep
States and territories established in 1549
Sanjaks of Ottoman Syria
1549 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
1918 disestablishments in the Ottoman Empire
Aleppo vilayet
is a Japanese writer from Nagoya , Aichi . They were awarded the 137th Akutagawa Prize in 2007 for Asatte no Hito ( アサッテの人 , `` The person of the day after tomorrow '' ) . The novel was first published in the literary magazine Gunzo , winning the magazine 's award for new writers .
Work
Asatte no hito ( ) . Kōdansha , 2007 ,
Risun ( ) . Kōdansha , 2008 ,
Lombardia enkei ( ) . Kōdansha , 2009 ,
Ryōdo ( ) . Shinchōsha , 2011 , , Kurzgeschichtensammlung
Suwa-shi monjū ( ) . Kōdansha , 2012 ,
Hen-ai zōshoshitsu ( ) . Kokushokankōkai , 2014 ,
Gan-yen no Joō ( ) . Shinchosha , 2017 ,
References
1969 births
Living people
Japanese writers
Akutagawa Prize winners
People from Nagoya
Aichi Shukutoku University faculty
Sankt Oswald-Riedlhütte is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Hajji Dela ( , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Delā and Ḩajī Delā ; also known as Haji Delak ) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 27 , in 8 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Great Northern F-8 is a class of 125 2-8-0 `` Consolidation '' type steam locomotives built by the Rogers Locomotive and Machine Works , their corporate successor the American Locomotive Company , and Baldwin Locomotive Works between 1901 and 1907 and operated by the Great Northern Railway until the mid 1950s . They operated throughout the Great Northern pulling freight trains with some being rebuilt with larger cylinders and higher boiler pressure , giving them more tractive effort . Retirement of the F-8s started as early as 1932 , but some would last and continue to pull freight until 1956 , when the last F-8 was retired .
History
The F-8 's pulled mostly freight trains throughout their career , with certain ones being rebuilt to give off more tractive effort . They operated on the Great Northern Railroad until it dieselized and by 1956 all of them were retired scrapped , except for two 1147 and 1246 .
Preservation
Great Northern 1147 was retired on June 2 , 1956 , and put on display in a city park in Wenatchee , Washington .
Great Northern 1246 was retired and placed on display at Woodland Park in Seattle , Washington on July 18 , 1953 . It went on loan to Fred Kepner in 1978 for restoration for tourist operation . It was then moved to Chemult , then Klamath and now Merrill , Oregon in 2002.1246 's tender was sold to the Heber Valley Railroad in 2022 as Kepner 's collection was disposed of after their death .
References
2-8-0 locomotives
Freight locomotives
Preserved steam locomotives of the United States
Railway locomotives introduced in 1902
F-8
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Steam locomotives of the United States
Rogers locomotives
ALCO locomotives
Baldwin locomotives
Jorge Flores may refer to :
Jorge Flores ( basketball ) ( born 1954 ) , Mexican basketball player
Jorge Flores ( politician ) ( born 1940 ) , Peruvian politician
Jorge Flores ( soccer ) ( born 1977 ) , American soccer player , played for Dallas Burn and United States national team
Jorge Villafaña ( born 1989 ) , American soccer player , formerly known as Jorge Flores
Jorge Luis Flores Sánchez , better known as Nina Flowers , Puerto Rican drag queen and reality television personality
The Bay Building is a six-storey building on the corner of Granville Street and Georgia Street in downtown Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . It is a flagship store of the Hudson 's Bay department store chain . The cream terra cotta building with Corinthian columns was built in 1927 . The current store was built on the site of another HBC store from 1893 . The last additions were made in 1949 .
The original HBC store in Vancouver was a small storefront on Cordova between Carrall and Abbott .
On October 30 , 2017 , HBC announced plans to sell the building , although the store would continue operating in the location as it is under a long-term lease .
See also
Hudson 's Bay Queen Street - flagship in Toronto
Hudson 's Bay Montreal Downtown - flagship in Montreal
References
HBC Vancouver
HBC Granville store
Buildings and structures in Vancouver
Commercial buildings completed in 1927
Department store buildings in Canada
Hudson 's Bay Company
Tourist attractions in Vancouver
Trisuloides prosericea is a moth of the family Noctuidae . It is found in China ( Guangdong ) .
References
Moths described in 2011
Pantheinae
San Vicente de Alcántara ( ) is a municipality in the province of Badajoz , Extremadura , Spain . It has a population of 5,788 and an area of 275 km² .
References
External links
Ayuntamiento de San Vicente de Alcántara
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
Patroon Creek is a stream in Albany County , New York , United States and is a tributary of the Hudson River which flows south to New York Harbor and the Atlantic Ocean . The creek 's source is Rensselaer Lake in the western section of the city of Albany . Patroon Creek received its name from the patroon of Rensselaerswyck .
History
Patroon Creek , starting with Henry Hudson 's discovery of the Hudson River , was a part of the Dutch colony New Netherland and the patroonship of Rensselaerswyck , founded in 1630 . On the 1632 Map of Rensselaerswyck the mouth of the Patroon Creek is labeled as `` Bloommaert 's Burt '' , and Patroon Creek gained the name of Bloomaert 's Kill , kill being the Dutch word for creek or stream . Another early name for the kill was Fifth Kill , it being the fifth ( and final ) kill ( counting from the south ) in the colonial Albany area . Early settlers in the 17th century included Gerrit Thensz de Reux who settled a farm on the Blommaerts Kill in 1632 , and Rutger Jacobsz in 1645 and Adrian Hybertsz in 1647 who settled just north of the kill . In 1654 Jacob Jansz Flodder was the highest bidder for establishing grist and sawmills on the kill and Barent Pietersz Koeymans and Teunis Cornelisz van Spitsbergen obtained a lease for a sawmill higher up the kill . In 1666 Jeremias van Rensselaer , the fourth patroon , established several barns and mills along the kill on what is now Tivoli Street . The Old Manor House was also built by the patroon just north of the creek near its mouth with the Hudson in 1666 .
In 1844 the railroad between Albany and Schenectady east of Fuller Road was moved north from the central part of the city to the Tivoli Hollow Line which ran across the northern border of the city along Patroon Creek and through West Albany . The Albany and Schenectady Railroad which owned this line was merged with nine other railroads as the New York Central Railroad ( NYCRR ) in 1853 , and work soon began on the establishment of a large rail yard , on purchased in 1854 in West Albany .
In 1845 the Albany Waterworks Company purchased from the patroon Stephen van Rensselaer a portion of the Patroon Creek for use as a water supply . The Albany Waterworks was a private corporation and was replaced by a municipal water supply in 1850 which then purchased all the water sources from the Albany Waterworks . In 1851 the Patroon Creek was dammed by the city roughly from Albany City Hall where three streams met to form the creek . The lake formed was named Rensselaer Lake in honor of Stephen van Rensselaer . Water from the lake passed through a tall and long brick pipe to the Bleecker Reservoir ( now Bleecker Stadium ) where the water was used for the portion of the city west from Pearl Street to Lark Street . Also in 1851 dams were thrown across the lower portion of Patroon Creek to form the Lower and Upper Tivoli Lakes ( upper for storage , lower for distribution ) , the water being from the tributaries that join the Patroon east of the Rensselaer Lake dam . Other reservoirs would be constructed on the creek and its tributaries , the Patroon Creek Reservoir at Russell Road and another north of there on the Sand Creek also next to Russell Road . The Tivoli Lakes supplied water to that portion of the city east from Pearl Street . In 1875 , the Hudson River began to be used as the primary source of water , with the various reservoirs on the Patroon Creek as back-up . The Tivoli Lakes reservoirs were abandoned in 1910 . The NYCRR West Albany Rail Yard then became the sole user of the lower portion of Patroon Creek and its tributary the Sand Creek , mostly the water was used for industrial purposes . Rensselaer Lake was used as a water supply until 1926 .
From the 1950s to 1998 Mercury Refining Company had a plant along an unnamed tributary to the Patroon Creek . Since 1983 the site has been on the Superfund pollution clean-up list . Several former customers of the plant including National Grid , Eveready , and Union Carbide put up over $ 4 million for the clean-up being supervised by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) . Another industrial site that has polluted the Patroon Creek and its watershed is a factory owned by NL Industries ( formerly National Lead ) . The factory recycled depleted uranium into armor-piercing shot and shell . The factory was closed in 1983 after it was found that its six smokestacks were contaminating the suburban neighborhood of Roessleville with uranium dust . As late as 2003 uranium was found in sediments by the US Army Corps of Engineers at many locations along the creek , most of those locations the level was below their cleanup criteria , but two locations within the creek near the NL site contained uranium concentrations above the criteria . Mercury has also been found in the creek downstream from the Superfund site and is being investigated by local college professors .
Prior to the establishment of Albany 's modern sewer system with treatment plants in the 1970s the municipality routinely had sewer pipes outflow into the creeks around the city . In 2000 several office buildings around Everett Road were found to still be dumping into the Patroon Creek and the pipes were corked and the properties connected to the municipal sewer system .
In the 1970s the Patroon Creek was diverted around Tivoli Lake and the lake was dredged . In 2010 plans have begun to return the creek through the lake in order to increase the oxygen content and circulation of the lake , along with using the wetlands of the lake as a natural filter to clean the Patroon Creek . This plan has been opposed by groups representing the area around Tivoli Lake who fear that heavy metals such as mercury and depleted uranium will be deposited in the lake and preserve .
In 1993 the creek was declared one of the state 's ten worst polluted streams , with no significant living thing found except tube worms . By 1997 the creek had begun to improve , with minnows and crawfish , and in 1998 mayfly were found which indicated better quality water . In 2001 Mayor Jerry Jennings and Governor George Pataki announced a proposed multi-use path between the Corning Preserve and the Albany Pine Bush by way of the Tivoli Nature Preserve along the Patroon Creek .
Geography
The Patroon Creek is long from a grate at the eastern end of Rensselaer Lake to a culvert that empties into the Hudson River . About 1/3 of the creek has been moved from its original course and/or buried in culverts since the 19th century to make way for railroads and highways . The creek passes through three nature preserves , the Albany Pine Bush at its source , the Tivoli Park Preserve , and the Corning Preserve at its mouth . The creek 's watershed is roughly . The watershed is in an urban environment with a population density of 2,550 inhabitants/mi2 ( 965 inhabitants/km2 ) , and approximately 17 % of the watershed is forested . The Sand Creek , which resides mostly in Colonie , is a major tributary with a watershed of .
See also
List of rivers of New York
References
Rivers of New York ( state )
Tributaries of the Hudson River
Geography of Albany , New York
Colonie , New York
Rivers of Albany County , New York
X2 may refer to :
Computers
X2 ( protocol ) , a pre-V.90 standard for 56k downstream modem communications
Athlon 64 X2 , the first dual-core desktop CPU manufactured by AMD
A two-lane PCI Express , slot
A type of 10 Gigabit Ethernet , optical transceiver
X2 , a transport interface used to connect enodeBs in a LTE/4G network
Vehicles and transportation
Bathyscaphe Trieste II , also known as X-2 , the US Navy bathyscaphe based on the Trieste
Bell X-2 , an experimental supersonic aircraft
BMW X2 , a SUV vehicle produced by BMW
HMS X2 , a Royal Navy submarine
Kawasaki X2 , personal water craft
Mitsubishi X-2 Shinshin , a Japanese experimental stealth fighter ( formerly known as ATD-X )
North Wing Sport X2 , an American ultralight trike design
Orba , also known as X-2 , a planned British satellite
Sikorsky X2 , a prototype , coaxial high-speed helicopter
SJ X2 , used for the X 2000 train system in Sweden
Skycycle X-2 , a rocket used by Evel Knievel
SpaceShipOne flight 17P , also known as X2 , the second Ansari X Prize flight
X-2 Dragonfly , the company designation of the Rotor-Craft XR-11 experimental helicopter of the late 1940s
X2 ( New York City bus )
X2 , a Metrobus route , in Washington , D.C .
X-2 Rocket , the spacecraft used in Mission : Space in Epcot Center , Orlando , Florida
Video games
Dance Dance Revolution X2 , a 2010 music video game for the PlayStation 2
Final Fantasy X-2 , a 2003 role-playing video game
Mega Man X2 , a 1994 platform game
X2 : The Threat , a 2003 space simulation game
X2 ( video game ) , a 1997 video game
X2 , the main character in Star Wars Battlefront : Elite Squadron
Film
X2 ( film ) , a 2003 sequel to the 2000 film X-Men
XXX : State of the Union , also known as X2 or xXx² : The Next Level , a 2005 American film
Other
X2 ( roller coaster ) , at Six Flags Magic Mountain
Chi-squared distribution , a theoretical probability distribution in inferential statistics
Square ( algebra ) , also known as the algebraic square
Nokia X2 , feature phone/smartphone
Sendo X2 , a Series 60 mobile phone
Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 , smartphone
Keyboard sold by Korg in the 1990s
X-2 Counterespionage Branch , counterintelligence branch of the Office of Strategic Services
See also
2X ( disambiguation )
Eretmocera kochi is a moth of the family Scythrididae . It was described by Bengt Å. Bengtsson in 2014 . It is found in South Africa ( Free State ) .
References
kochi
Moths described in 2014
Moths of Africa
Alderbrook Resort & Spa , aka Alderbrook Inn or Alderbrook , is a hotel located in Union , WA on the southern shores of Hood Canal . Approximately two hours west of Seattle , Alderbrook has views of nearby Olympic National Park and Mount Washington . Alderbrook opened in 1913 as a group of tent cabins with wood stoves and has been expanded and remodeled numerous times . Today the hotel has 77 guest rooms and 16 cottages , as well as a restaurant , meeting rooms , saltwater pool , spa , two marinas , and two retail spaces .
History
Alderbrook was originally built by Henry Stumer , a Seattle business owner who had previously owned the Hotel Stumer in Union City ( now Union , WA ) . Beginning in 1909 , Stumer worked with friends from Seattle 's Swedish Club to buy and develop beachfront property just east of Union City . Stumer bought three of the resulting lots from what became known as the Sunny Beach tract and built tent cabins consisting of frames covered in black and orange striped canvas . The cabins had no windows and no electricity , only a wood stove for heat and cooking . The creek running through the property was used for refrigeration . There was no road when Alderbrook opened in 1913 so guests arrived by boat from Union City or on horseback .
Stumer expanded Alderbrook over the next fourteen years to include a lodge and amphitheater , ten acres , and 600 ' of waterfront . In 1927 , Stumer sold the Alderbrook Inn to Clara Eastwood and Jessie Mustard , two women from Seattle . Jessie Mustard soon married and sold their share to Eloise Flagg . Eastwood and Flagg operated and maintained the Inn themselves and , having worked hard to put Alderbrook on the map , became known as the `` Alderbrook Girls '' .
In 1931 Eastwood and Flagg formed Alderbrook Inn , Inc . Under the corporation , they began purchasing adjacent land and by 1944 had grown Alderbrook to 360 acres . Alderbrook Center opened in 1941 featuring a soda fountain and sandwich shop , and in 1944 they opened the Flagwood gift shop , the Alderbrook Apparel Shop , and Alderbrook Beauty Shop . In 1945 , they retired and sold the corporation to the Schafer family , owners of Schafer Logging and Lumber Company . Clara Eastwood retained the westernmost Sunny Beach lot where the Flagwood gift shop was located and built a cabin for herself .
Schafer remodeled the Inn and added 21 vacation cottages next to the property and then sold the Inn to the Dickman Lumber Company . The Dickman 's remodeled the Inn again in 1955 to add a cocktail lounge , rec hall , and service building .
In 1959 Wes Johnson , a Hood Canal realtor from Hoodsportpurchased the Alderbrook Inn . Johnson quickly released redevelopment plans which included the addition of an indoor swimming pool , marina , 18-hole golf course , and 70-room hotel . To finance the redevelopment , Johnson began selling the vacation cottages individually .
In 1964 , construction began on the first nine holes of the golf course on the property up the hill from the Inn . Johnson announced additional plans for residential development around the golf course and an airfield , as well as an office building across the highway from the Inn to house the administrative offices for this upland development and their new Hood Canal Real Estate Company .
By 1966 the floating dock , indoor swimming pool , and 9-hole golf course were completed , as well as the addition of 26 lanai guest rooms and 5 meeting rooms .
High-rise hotel controversy
In 1966 Wes Johnson announced new plans for redeveloping the Alderbrook Inn which centered around demolishing the existing lodge and building a new high-rise hotel on pilings out over the water . The new hotel would feature a below-water lounge with a glass wall .
A permit from the Army Corps of Engineers was required because the project was proposed over navigable waters . In 1968 , following the permit application and a solicitation for public comment , Mason County commissioners responded with no objections ; however , numerous comments from individuals expressing opposition to the project were submitted . Among the complaints were concerns over increased pollution from the hotel itself and increased boat traffic , an undesirable increase in tourism , and primarily the encroachment of buildings and fill-up of Hood Canal tidelands . If approved , the new 11-story hotel would set a precedent for allowing high-rise structures along the shoreline . In a hearing before the Mason County commissioners in January 1969 a group of individuals calling themselves the Hood Canal Committee for Planning requested that the Mason County Board of Commissioners withdraw their approval of the project and request more time to decide .
The Hood Canal Committee made similar requests to several state agencies and Governor Dan Evans asking that they reject the permit application . They also circulated a petition asking Mason County to enact an emergency zoning ordinance to protect the shoreline until a comprehensive plan already in process outlining environmental protections could be approved . Nine state agencies speaking through the Department of Water Resources did withdraw their approval .
In February 1969 , the Army Corps of Engineers informed the Department of the Interior that they would approve the permit unless the Department stated opposition . The response from the Department was in opposition to the permit , but could not cite any law to support it . A letter from Governor Dan Evans in October also did not approve the project but stated that it was not in violation of any state statute .
The rejection of the project from the Department of Interior required that the ultimate decision come from top Army Engineer officials in Washington , D.C . In an unusual course of action , a public hearing was scheduled for January 24 , 1970 , by the Army Corps of Engineers to `` make sure they [ had ] all the pertinent facts and to conduct business in a climate of public understanding . ''
Meanwhile , the State Supreme Court issued a ruling in a case concerning land along the shores of Lake Chelan . The ruling stated that `` the public has a right to go where the navigable waters go even though the navigable waters lie over privately owned lands , '' and that landfills along the shores of Lake Chelan that lie between the summer high watermark and winter low watermark must be torn out . In January 1970 , Governor Dan Evans applied this State Supreme Court ruling to the Alderbrook development project stating that `` the Alderbrook project is contrary to the laws of the State of Washington and the state must and does oppose it . ''
On April 21 , 1970 , the Washington , D.C. headquarters of the Army Corps of Engineers ruled against the issuance of a permit for the Alderbrook project because of `` adverse effects on the environment and esthetics . '' They cited the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and Presidential Executive Order 11514 ( Protection and Enhancement of Environmental Quality , dated March 5 , 1970 ) as making it the responsibility of all Federal agencies to protect and preserve the environment . This was a landmark decision because previously all Army Corps permit decisions were based on water navigation interference alone .
In 1971 , the Washington State Shoreline Management Act went into effect requiring all developments within 200 feet of the shore to have a special permit . Wes Johnson was required to obtain one of these special permits and revised their plans for Alderbrook to make the new hotel shorter and move it back above the shoreline . It was not until 1977 that Johnson began construction on the new hotel , and it opened in August 1978 . The addition included 47 guest rooms , two dining rooms , and an indoor pool and hot tub spa . A 40,000-gallon capacity sewage treatment plant was also built .
Wes Johnson listed the Alderbrook Inn and its related properties for sale in 1985 , however they remained the owner until they died in 1991 . Alderbrook was finally sold in 1998 to Crista Ministries to be turned into a Christian conference center . The Inn remained open to the public , however , the lounge was closed and smoking and alcohol were prohibited . Some thought that it was a Christian facility only and Crista Ministries was unable to sustain it . After three years , Alderbrook was again listed for sale .
Acquisition by North Forty Lodging
The Alderbrook Inn was purchased by North Forty Lodging in 2001 . The 18-hole golf course was sold to the Alderbrook Golf and Yacht Club , the 450-member homeowners association for residences surrounding the course . In 2002 , North Forty Lodging announced plans to transform the resort into a 4-star hotel , spa , and conference center . Renovation plans included demolition and construction of new buildings , remodeling the main lodge and 21 cottages , expanding the restaurant and bar , adding a spa , fitness center , and conference center , and moving the highway .
Moving the highway
For decades Washington State Route 106 separated Alderbrook from its public parking area , forcing guests to cross the busy highway with their luggage and catching motorists by surprise . As a part of the 2002 renovation , a half-mile section of the highway was rerouted behind the parking lot and administrative buildings . The engineering and permitting necessary for the move delayed the reopening of the Inn by nearly a year , but rerouting the highway was essential to creating a sense of arrival in the destination resort . The highway construction included improvements to the salmon habitat on Alderbrook Creek which runs alongside the lodge .
Alderbrook closed for renovation in September 2002 . The newly branded Alderbrook Resort and Spa opened in June 2004 with opening celebrations over the 4th of July weekend . The new resort consisted of 77 guest rooms , 16 guest cottages , 6,600 sf of meeting space , a spa , an indoor pool and Jacuzzi , a fitness center , a restaurant , a lounge , and a marina .
In 2008 the Lady Alderbrook , a 53-foot cruise boat , was purchased and moored at the Alderbrook dock to provide guests with canal cruises and an alternate venue for special parties .
In 2009 a new , more environmentally friendly , the dock was installed at Alderbrook . The new dock replaced creosote-treated wood with composite decking and Styrofoam floats with polyethylene . It also featured `` stops '' to keep it elevated above the beach at low tide to protect sea life .
Community improvements
Local economy
Alderbrook 's 2002 renovation brought revitalization to the town of Union and the surrounding area . When Crista Ministries listed the Inn for sale in 2001 Alderbrook was the largest employer in the area with 70 employees . Local businesses were dependent on the resort to attract tourists , but its primary function as a Christian conference center attracted mostly youth groups and Christian retreats . When the resort closed for renovation the unemployment rate in Mason County reached 7 % and area gift shops went out of business . When it reopened in 2004 the resort employed between 110 and 130 people , and restaurants and gift shops began to reopen and stay open year-round instead of closing for the winter .
Hood Canal Marina
In 2007 , it was announced that North Forty Lodging had purchased the Hood Canal Marina 1 mile east of the resort and planned a total replacement of the moorage area , remodel of the building , addition of a new septic system , beachfront picnic spot , landscaped parking area , and most importantly the sale of gas and diesel for boats .
When the marina was developed in the 1960s there were several gas docks available and fishing and ski boats filled the waters of lower Hood Canal . Hood Canal Marina was the last gas facility in the area when the tanks were removed in 1998 due to new environmental regulations . For the next ten years , the nearest fueling station for boats was an hour away at Pleasant Harbor Marina , and fears of getting stranded prevented boaters from venturing to the lower end of the canal .
The new dock was installed in 2008 . Galvanized steel pilings , sealed polyurethane floats , and composite decking replaced creosote logs and Styrofoam making the new dock more environmentally friendly .
Union City Market
An Alderbrook employee and Union native approached the resort with a vision for the space at the Hood Canal Marina : local farmers market/marina general store of the past ; an avenue for local artists , crafts , and food to be in one place . In July 2015 , the Union City Market opened as just that , with a space for community gatherings as well . Many local artists , craftspeople , and businesses sell their wares through the Market , and the Market has been a venue for shows celebrating oysters , beer , art , and more .
Awards
Best Northwest Destination Wedding Site - Seattle Bride Magazine , voted by Readers and Vendors in 2009
One of the Best Spa Retreats 2009 , 2010 & 2011 - Evening Magazine 's The Best of Western Washington & Northwest Escapes
One of the Best Resorts 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2013 & 2015 - Evening Magazine 's The Best of Western Washington & Northwest Escapes
One of the Top Northwest Destination Wedding Sites - Seattle Bride 's `` Best Of '' 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2014 , 2016 , 2018
Top Mainland Resorts on Condé Nast Traveler 2011 - Condé Nast Traveler 's 2011 Readers ' Choice Awards
Top 3 Wedding Venue 2011 - Evening Magazine 's The Best of Western Washington & Northwest Escapes
Northwest Destination Wedding Site - Seattle Met Bride & Groom 2012
Best Northwest Resort - Seattle Magazine 's `` Best Of '' Reader 's Choice 2013
One of the Best Hotels and Resorts in Washington - Condé Nast Traveler 's Gold List 2014
Pacific Northwest A-List Best Resort - City Voter Pacific Northwest A-List , 2016
Best Weekend Getaways from Seattle - Vacation Idea , 2017
25 Best Romantic Spa Weekend Getaways in the U.S. - Vacation Idea , 2017
One of the Top 10 Resorts in the Pacific Northwest - Condé Nast Traveler 's Reader 's Choice `` Top 10 '' Awards 2018
One of the 10 Best for Winter in the Pacific Northwest 2018 - USA Today
2018 Uproxx Travel Hot List
Best Northwest Resort & Place to Honeymoon - South Sound Magazine 's `` Best Of '' 2019
One of the Best Resorts in Washington 2019 - U.S. News & World Report
References
Other Resources
Pacific Coast Architecture Database
Dawson Design Associates - most recent renovation
Hotels in Washington ( state )
Ol Arabel ( or Olarabel ) is a river in the Great Rift Valley of Kenya that feeds Lake Baringo . It gives its name to a forest covering its headwaters and to a region .
River
The Ngusero and Ol Arabel rivers drain the northern end of the Aberdare Range .
The river forms a delta where it enters the southeast of Lake Baringo at , and this forms a dense marsh during periods when the lake level is relatively high .
The river is seasonal and in the dry period of the early 2000s no longer reached the lake .
Historical land use
In the past the region was used by Il Chamus herders .
In the 1930s growing numbers of Tugen agropastoralists moved into the area , with some official encouragement .
In the 1940s squatters moved into the Ol Arabel Forest Reserve in Laikipia District and cultivated 84 acres of land , eventually being evicted in 1947 .
In the 1970s the government operated a settlement scheme in Ol Arabel , but later attempted to convert the land back to forest .
The Harambee settlement scheme involved to be used for cattle raising and cultivation of maize .
Forest reserve
The Ol Arabel Forest Reserve is part of the Marmanet forests on the eastern escarpment of the Rift Valley , north of Nyahururu .
The forest reserve , which is part of the upper catchment of the Ol Arabel River , once covered , but were excised in 1993 .
No boundary plan was defined .
As a result , about 80 % of the forest had been settled by the Mochongoi settlement scheme as of 2008 .
In May 2007 it was announced that the European Union was funding efforts to replant forests in the region , including the Ol Arabel forest .
In the past ten years Lake Baringo had been silting up and shrinking in area due to increased agriculture and reduced forest cover in its watershed ,
with economically important fish stocks dropping significantly .
In September 2011 an officer of the Green Belt movement said the Ol Arabel forest was almost extinct due to illegal loggers and particularly to charcoal burners .
The police were making no effort to prevent their activities .
The rivers fed by the forest were about to dry up .
References
External links
Rivers of Kenya
Laikipia County
Donald Graham Burton ( 10 February 1934 – 8 December 2007 ) was an English theatre and television actor .
Life and career
Donald was born in Norwich , England , on 10 February 1934 . They attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art on a scholarship . They worked was an Associate Artist of the Royal Shakespeare Company for many years . They appeared in such famous Shakespeare plays as The Wars of the Roses and Henry IV , Part 1 and 2 . They played the character of the Duke of Exeter in the whole series of the 8 Shakespeare 'History ' plays which were performed at the R.S.C . in 1964 . In 1965 they appeared in the outstandingly successful RSC production of Gogol 's The Government Inspector at the Aldwych Theatre , London , with Paul Scofield , Eric Porter , Paul Rogers , Stanley Lebor , Bruce Condell and other outstanding Shakespearian actors of the period
Burton 's television roles included Big Breadwinner Hog , Warship , The Duchess of Duke Street ; The Doombolt Chase ; Upstairs , Downstairs , Public Eye , Minder ( Gunfight at the O.K . Laundrette ) and Fraud Squad . Their more contemporary theatre roles included How the Other Half Loves and Educating Rita . They would have been best known amongst the British public for their role as Commander Mark Nialls , captain of the fictional in the BBC television drama Warship .
In 1990 , Burton returned to Broadway in the production of The Merchant of Venice at the 46th Street Theatre .
Burton married actor Carroll Baker on 10 March 1978 . The couple were married for 29 years until their death in December 2007 . Donald Burton has three daughters Rachel Larkin , Sarah Burton and Kerri Davenport Burton .
Donald Burton died of emphysema at their home in Cathedral City , California , on 8 December 2007 . They were 73 years old .
Personal life
Burton was the third and last husband of actor Carroll Baker . They married March 10 , 1982 , and were still married at the time of Burton 's death . They met while on tour with the play Motive .
Filmography
King Arthur , the Young Warlord ( 1975 ) - Herwood the Holy
The Message ( 1976 ) - Amr
Spogliando Valeria ( 1989 ) - Chris
Alcune signore per bene ( 1990 ) - Paul
Hudson Hawk ( 1991 ) - Alfred
Follow Your Heart ( 1999 ) - Malcolm
Television
Upstairs Downstairs
Warship
Crown Court
1990 ( 1978 ) - Harry Blaney
References
External links
Actors from Norwich
English male television actors
English male stage actors
Royal Shakespeare Company members
Deaths from emphysema
People from Cathedral City , California
1934 births
2007 deaths
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
S. bidentata may refer to :
Scaphyglottis bidentata , an orchid of the Americas
Stelis bidentata , an orchid first described in 1912
Styringomyia bidentata , a crane fly
Succisa bidentata , a flowering plant
Juan Carlos Goyeneche ( 6 January 1913 – 16 October 1982 ) was an Argentine Catholic nationalist politician . Also highly sympathetic to Nazism , during the Second World War Goyeneche travelled to Nazi Germany where they met a number of leading figures . They were the son of Mayor of Buenos Aires Arturo Goyeneche and the grandson of a President of Uruguay .
Right-wing activity
During their time as a colonel in the Argentine Army Juan Peron had Goyeneche as their confidential agent . They were a close collaborator of the Ausland-Sicherheitsdienst , the overseas intelligence service of Nazi Germany . They were a prominent far right journalist , serving as the editor of the Sol y Luna journal as well as a writer for the Cabildo magazine . They were notorious for the anti-Semitism in their writing .
European trip
In April 1942 Goyeneche travelled to Europe as a diplomat , ostensibly to attend a function of the `` Hispanic Council '' , supposedly a cultural group established by Francisco Franco but in fact a front group set up by Enrique Ruiz Guiñazú and Mario Amadeo to send men into Axis territory . Goyeneche went to Madrid where they met with the Argentine ambassador Adrián Escobar and consul Aquilino López and the following the month the three crossed into France where they held a meeting with Pierre Laval , president of the collaborationist Vichy regime . In Paris Goyeneche made contact with Schutzstaffel officer Herbert Knochen who agreed to arrange for Goyeneche to make a trip to Berlin .
Before this could happen however Goyeneche and Escobar went to Rome where they held a meeting with Pope Pius XII . At this meeting they discussed the possibility of an Argentine intervention in Europe in an attempt to negotiatie an end to the war , as well as Escobar 's Hispanidad vision of a new Spain-led sphere of influence in Latin America . The plan was not taken seriously anywhere , and met particular derision in Brazil where the press mocked both Argentina 's delusions of grandeur and the pro-Nazi agenda of their diplomats .
In Nazi Germany
Goyeneche finally made it to Berlin in October 1942 where they were placed at the Hotel Adlon at the expense of the Nazi state . Accompanied by Gottfried Sandstede , an old friend of Goyeneche who had worked in the German embassy in Buenos Aires before being expelled for their spying activities , they visited the Eastern Front to inspect the men of the Blue Division . Upon their return from Russia Goyeneche met Otto Reinebeck , the chief of the Latin American Bureau at the Nazi Foreign Ministry , and requested for them to arrange meetings with Adolf Hitler and Joachim von Ribbentrop .
On 30 November 1942 Goyeneche met with Ribbentrop at the latter 's Westphalian estate , with the Hispanophone Sandstede present as an interpreter . The meeting lasted several hours and Ribbentrop suggested that Germany was favourable to Argentina 's three main wishes i.e . closer trade between the two countries following a Nazi war victory , support for Argentina taking the Falkland Islands and encouragement of close links between Argentina and Spain . Despite this Goyeneche found Ribbentrop a wholly dislikable individual , dismissing them as `` pedantic and close-minded '' .
Goyeneche 's next meeting was with Walter Schellenberg , the head of the Ausland-Sicherheitsdienst , a group with which Goyeneche was already familiar . Under instructions from Ribbentrop , who hoped that Argentina might be enticed into the war , details of the meetings were allowed to be wired by telegram back to Guiñazú and Amadeo by Goyeneche . The heavily coded messages were nonetheless intercepted and translated by the US War Department .
Whether or not Goyeneche met Hitler during their time in Germany is a matter of some debate . The United States diplomat W. Wendell Blancke claimed that , while in service to General Dwight Eisenhower at the end of the war in Germany , they saw captured Nazi documents that described a meeting between the two taking place on 7 December 1942 at which Hitler reiterated Ribbentrop 's pro-Argentina stance . A secret meeting in the Black Forest was also said to have taken place in 1944 amongst Goyeneche 's friends . Goyeneche themselves claimed that Ribbentrop had given them a letter written by Hitler but that no meeting had ever taken place . Reinebeck meanwhile , under interrogation , denied that there had been any contact between Goyeneche and Hitler whatsoever .
In January 1943 however Goyeneche did meet Heinrich Himmler after Schellenberg took them the eastern headquarters of the Reichsführer-SS . The discussion was largely limited to general ideas , although Himmler expressed similar supportive ideas as Ribbentrop and Goyeneche found them to be much more pleasing company than they had the Foreign Minister .
Italy and Spain
Soon after the Himmler meeting Goyeneche left Germany and briefly returned to Spain to have lunch with Ramón Serrano Súñer . They informed the Spanish Foreign Minister that they intended to return to Rome to host a conference at which Catholic delegates from across Europe would meet to discuss how they could `` integrate the Christian order in the New Order '' .
Returning to Rome they held a series of meetings with Monsignor Giovanni Montini as well as two more with Pius XII before eventually meeting Benito Mussolini . Goyeneche obtained a number of concessions from the Italian dictator , including a pledge to support Argentina 's claim to the Falklands and a guarantee that they would obtain the same unequivocal support from Germany and Japan . Mussolini also publicly supported a plan to overthrow President Ramón Castillo and the 1943 Argentine coup d'état followed quickly after this pronouncement . Goyeneche also sought and received a guarantee from Mussolini that the Axis powers had no desire to end Argentine independence or that of any Latin American state , a common claim of Allied propaganda in the region . Mussolini also intimated that whatever shape South America would take after an Axis victory they envisaged Argentina as being the leading power .
Goyeneche spent the final months of the war in Spain and from their base in Cadiz they were in contact with Himmler until near the end . Indeed , it has been claimed that Goyeneche facilitated communication between Himmler and Peron at this stage .
In Argentina
When Peron was overthrown in 1955 Goyeneche initially found themselves remaining in favour as their close friend Pierre Daye had them appointed culture and press secretary at the Casa Rosada . Goyeneche and Daye however were soon persona non grata as the new government under Pedro Eugenio Aramburu decided to purge the Nazi sympathisers from public life . Nonetheless they were a strong ideological influence on the activities of the violent Tacuara Nationalist Movement that emerged in the 1960s .
They died in Buenos Aires on 16 October 1982 .
References
1913 births
1982 deaths
Argentine fascists
Argentine journalists
Male journalists
Argentine Roman Catholics
People of the Infamous Decade
Argentine people of Uruguayan descent
Argentine people of Basque descent
20th-century journalists
Proletarian Catalan Party ( ) was a political party in Catalonia , Spain . PCP was founded in January 1934 . Its main leader was Jaume Compte . PCP had its origins in the Estat Català-Partit Proletari , founded in 1932 .
The goal of PCP was the creation of a Catalan Socialist Republic .
The party had a large influence with the trade union Centre Autonomista de Dependents de Comerç i Industria ( CADCI ) . In 1936 Peres Aznar , a PCP deputy in the Cortes , was elected president of CADCI .
The party had around 500–800 members at its peak , mainly from Barcelona . PCP published Catalunya Insurgent . Its youth wing was known as Joventuts del Partit Català Proletari .
In 1936 PCP merged with other groups to form the Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia .
References
Defunct communist parties in Catalonia
Catalan nationalist parties
Political parties established in 1934
1934 establishments in Spain
Political parties disestablished in 1936
Left-wing nationalist parties
1936 disestablishments in Spain
Lars Rasch ( 24 May 1797 – 12 January 1864 ) was a Norwegian jurist . They served as Mayor of Oslo and was a developer of the neighborhood of Homansbyen
Biography
Rasch was born at Eiker in Buskerud , Norway . They were the son of Jonas Larsen Rasch and Kirsti Jacobsdatter Ihle . They finished secondary education in 1818 , and graduated as cand.jur . in 1822 . They then worked as an attorney . They were the Deputy Chief of the Byfogden in Christiania ( now Oslo ) before becoming a prosecutor in 1824 . From 1831 they were in private practice as a lawyer and served as a real estate agent .
Rasch was mayor of Christiania in 1845 and from 1847 to 1852 . In 1854 , Rasch together with brothers Jacob Homan ( 1816–1869 ) and Henrik Homan ( 1824-1900 ) acquired property in Frogner which was developed into the neighborhood of Homansbyen .
Rasch was instrumental in the establishment of Christiania Dampkjøkken . The facility was designed by architect Georg Andreas Bull and was opened December 21 , 1858 . Rasch served as a board member together with co-founders police chief Christian Fredrik Jacob von Munthe af Morgenstierne ( 1806-1888 ) and city council member Thor Olsen ( 1786-1868 ) .
They were proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1853 .
References
Other sources
Tvedt , Knut Are , ed . ( 2000 ) Ordførere i Christiania/Kristiania/Oslo ( Oslo : Kunnskapsforlaget )
1797 births
1864 deaths
people from Buskerud
Norwegian jurists
Mayors of Oslo
Real estate and property developers
Hezarabad ( , also Romanized as Hezārābād and Hazārābād ; also known as Hizārābād ) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 129 , in 41 families .
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
The Merrill 's Wharf Historic District is a historic district encompassing a portion of the waterfront area of New Bedford , Massachusetts . It encompasses two wharves just to the south of State Pier : the Steamboat Pier and the adjacent Coal Packet Pier . Also included is the stone counting house ( also known as the Durant Sail Loft ) built by Edward Merrill , the last surviving stone waterfront structure from New Bedford 's heyday as a whaling center . ( It does not include the long pier built by Merrill that is now called Homer 's Wharf , which no longer retains historic integrity . )
The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 . It is now part of the New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park , with interpretive signs . The schooner Ernestina , a National Historic Landmark ship owned by the state , is berthed at Steamship Wharf .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Bedford , Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Bristol County , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in New Bedford , Massachusetts
New Bedford , Massachusetts
New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Loreto Normanhurst is an independent Catholic , primary and secondary day and boarding school for girls , located in Normanhurst , a suburb on the upper North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Established in 1897 , Loreto has a current enrolment of approximately 1,175 students from Year 5 to Year 12 , including approx . 185 boarders , and is the largest girls ' boarding school in New South Wales . In 2006 , the school was named among the top ten innovative schools in Australia . Commencing in 2015 , the school reopened their primary school for girls in years 5 and 6 .
Loreto Normanhurst is affiliated with the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia ( AHISA ) , the Association of Independent Schools of New South Wales ( AISNSW ) , the Australian Boarding Schools ' Association ( ABSA ) , the Alliance of Girls ' Schools Australasia ( AGSA ) , and is a member of the Association of Heads of Independent Girls ' Schools ( AHIGS ) .
The school is one of many around the world established by the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary , or Loreto Sisters , founded some 400 years ago by Mary Ward , and its Sydney sister school is Loreto Kirribilli . There are five other Loreto schools across Australia , in Melbourne , Ballarat , Adelaide , Brisbane and Perth .
History
Mother Gonzaga Barry led the Loreto nuns to Sydney from Ballarat , Victoria in 1892 , establishing a school in rented premises at Randwick . Within five years , the school had grown significantly , and a separate school for the boarders was deemed necessary . Mother Gonzaga 's prayers for an appropriate site were answered during a visit to Sydney in 1896 , as Mother Oliver explained :
This land was purchased , and the foundation stone for the new convent was laid on 28 February 1897 by Cardinal Moran . The school opened late in 1897 as `` Loreto Convent , Hornsby '' with 15 boarders , many of them girls who had come from Randwick .
Although primarily a boarding school at this time , Loreto did accept a small number of day students from the local Hornsby area , including some young boys . Enrolments grew over the following decades ; however , the Wars and Depression proved difficult times . Following World War II , the surrounding shire developed and day girl numbers began to equal that of boarders , gradually overtaking them to the present situation where there are many more day girls than boarders .
Principals
House system
As with most Australian schools , Loreto Normanhurst utilises a house system . The school currently has eight houses , which play an important role in the pastoral program at the school . They are :
The houses are an important part of the schools community . To keep the members of the houses together , they make sure the lockers are surrounded by the house mates .
Notable alumnae
Jenny Brockie – broadcaster
Kate Eastman – human rights lawyer and academic
Catherine Livingstone – Chair of Telstra , former CEO of Cochlear
Jessica McNamee – actor Home and Away , Packed to the Rafters , Battle of the Sexes , The Meg , The Vow , `` Mortal Kombat ''
Clare Martin – CEO of ACOSS , former Chief Minister of the Northern Territory
Zoe Naylor – actor , McLeod 's Daughters
Victoria Pendergast – Australian Winter Paralympic skier
Emma Simkin – SBS journalist and reporter
Kimberley Starr – novelist
Monica Trapaga – singer and TV presenter
Montaigne – musician
Gordi - musician
Sophie Dwyer - Giants Netball Player
See also
List of Catholic schools in New South Wales
List of boarding schools in Australia
Catholic education in Australia
References
Further reading
Meagher , F. 1997 . Loreto Normanhurst : A Century of Memories 1897-1997 . Allen & Unwin : St. Leonards , NSW . .
Emilsen , S. and Callaghan , M. 2006 . A School With Spirit : Loreto Kirribilli . Alliance Distribution Service . .
External links
Loreto Normanhurst website
Girls ' schools in New South Wales
Educational institutions established in 1897
Catholic secondary schools in Sydney
Boarding schools in New South Wales
Catholic primary schools in Sydney
Hornsby Shire
Catholic boarding schools in Australia
Association of Heads of Independent Girls ' Schools
1897 establishments in Australia
Normanhurst
Convents in Australia
Alliance of Girls ' Schools Australasia
Athoumane Solihi ( born 30 March 1991 ) is a Comorian swimmer . They competed in the men 's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics , where they ranked 76th with a time of 27.31 seconds . They did not advance to the semifinals .
References
1991 births
Living people
Comorian male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the Comoros
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
CHAMP ( the Cougars and Houston Area Mathematics Program ) is a mathematics and STEM outreach program that ran from Fall 2013–Spring 2019 . CHAMP was created and directed by Mark Tomforde , and it used volunteer effort from undergraduate and graduate students to provide tutoring and mathematics lessons for high school and middle school students from underserved communities surrounding the University of Houston . CHAMP lessons were taught in an interactive style similar to a math circle .
Impact and awards
In 2018 CHAMP received the Award for Mathematics Programs That Make a Difference from the American Mathematical Society . In addition to the announcement of the award , the Notices of the American Mathematical Society published an article describing the impact of CHAMP and the community of the Third Ward of Houston , which it served . CHAMP had measurable success in increasing the grit and growth mindset of the participating students , and CHAMP was commended for its successes in bringing more persons from underrepresented backgrounds into the mathematics pipeline . It was also noted that CHAMP had numerous reciprocal benefits for its graduate and undergraduate volunteers , inspiring many of them to pursue graduate studies in mathematics or pursue careers in mathematics education .
Also in 2018 , CHAMP received the Phi Beta Kappa Award for Engaging Broader Audiences and both Phi Beta Kappa and the Houston Mayor 's office recognized CHAMP as one of four exemplary local organizations that serve as national models for building creative exchanges with diverse audiences in the arts , humanities , social sciences , natural sciences or mathematics .
CHAMP was supported by a Tensor-SUMMA grant from the Mathematical Association of America from Fall 2015–Spring 2018 .
Resources
Although the program ended in 2019 , CHAMP maintains a legacy website and copies of its lesson materials can be downloaded from its `` Schedule Page '' .
References
External links
Mathematics education in the United States
1997 ACC Tournament may refer to :
1997 ACC men 's basketball tournament
1997 ACC women 's basketball tournament
1997 ACC Men 's Soccer Tournament
1997 ACC Women 's Soccer Tournament
1997 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
1997 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Skytanthus is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1834 . It is native to Brazil and Chile in South America .
Species
Skytanthus acutus Meyen - from Antofagasta to Coquimbo in N + C Chile
Skytanthus hancorniifolius ( A.DC . ) Miers - E Brazil
Skytanthus martianus ( Müll.Arg . ) Miers - Bahia + Minas Gerais in Brazil
Formerly placed in this genus
Skytanthus havanensis ( Müll.Arg . ) Miers = Cameraria latifolia L .
References
Apocynaceae genera
The miombo tit ( Melaniparus griseiventris ) is a species of bird in the family Paridae .
It is found in Angola , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Malawi , Mozambique , Tanzania , Zambia , and Zimbabwe .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry forests .
The miombo tit was formerly one of many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade .
References
External links
( Miombo tit = ) northern grey tit - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds .
miombo tit
Birds of Southern Africa
miombo tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Poptella is a genus of fish in the characin family found in tropical South America , with four currently described species :
Poptella brevispina R. E. dos Reis , 1989
Poptella compressa ( Günther , 1864 )
Poptella longipinnis ( Popta , 1901 )
Poptella paraguayensis ( C. H. Eigenmann , 1907 )
References
Characidae
Fish of South America
Taxa named by Carl H. Eigenmann
A Closer Walk is Robert Bilheimer 's documentary film about the global AIDS epidemic . Narrated by Glenn Close and Will Smith , A Closer Walk features cinematography by Richard D. Young , interviews with the Dalai Lama , Bono , and Kofi Annan , and musical contributions by Annie Lennox , The Neville Brothers , Dido , Eric Clapton , Moby , Geoffrey Oryema , and Sade .
Subjects and storylines encompass the broad spectrum of the global AIDS experience and include people with HIV/AIDS from all walks of life ; AIDS children and orphans and those caring for them ; doctors , nurses , and social workers ; human rights advocates ; and prominent scientists , economists , researchers , government leaders , and NGO officials . The film 's basic themes remain , what are the underlying causes of AIDS ; the relationship between health , dignity , and human rights ; and the universal need for action , compassion , and commitment to counter what has become the worst plague in human history .
Production
Conceived in 1996 with Jonathan Mann , A Closer Walk took three years to develop . For the film , more than 50 women , men , and young people have been interviewed or profiled in the following regions and locations : Uganda , South Africa , Haiti , Switzerland , India , Nepal , Ukraine , Cambodia , and various locations in the United States including New York City , Kansas City , San Francisco , and Cambridge . Production of A Closer Walk began in February 2000 , and was completed in December 2002 .
Cast
Glenn Close – Narrator
Will Smith – Narrator
Kofi Annan – Himself
Bono – Himself
Dalai Lama – Himself
Critical response
The film has received international critical acclaim . Writing for the Gannett News Service , chief film critic Jack Garner gave A Closer Walk their highest rating , calling it a `` beautifully told story of suffering that inspires hope and action . '' In South Africa , reviewing the film prior to its national airing on South African television , Claire Keaton of the Sunday Times called the film `` unforgettable . '' In New Delhi , following the film 's India premiere , Rajeshwari Sharma of the Economic Times said that A Closer Walk is `` an absolutely brilliant account of the deadliest plague humankind has ever known . ''
Distribution
A Closer Walk is a production of Worldwide Documentaries , a not-for-profit film production company focusing on matters of cultural , social , and humanitarian interest .
References
External links
Official Website
2003 films
Australian documentary films
Films directed by Robert Bilheimer
Documentary films about HIV/AIDS
2003 documentary films
2000s English-language films
Puerto Villarroel is a locality in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia . It is the seat of Puerto Villarroel Municipality , the fifth municipal section of Carrasco Province . At the time of census 2001 it had a population of 1,778 .
References
External links
Map of Carrasco Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
it : Puerto Villarroel
The WWL World Trios Championships is a professional wrestling championship promoted by the World Wrestling League ( WWL ) promotion in Puerto Rico .
The championship was generally contested in professional wrestling matches , in which participants execute scripted finishes rather than contend in direct competition .
Title history
References
Trios wrestling tag team championships
World Wrestling League Championships
Karimabad ( , also Romanized as Karīmābād ) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 264 , in 68 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Fei Yao ( 220–231 ) was a military general of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of China .
Life
Little information about Fei Yao is recorded in history ; unlike other notable figures of the late Eastern Han dynasty and Three Kingdoms period , they do not have a biography in the 3rd-century text Records of the Three Kingdoms ( Sanguozhi ) , the authoritative source for the history of that period . Information about them is found in parts of the biographies of other persons .
The first mention of Fei Yao was in 220 , the year when the Cao Wei state was established and the beginning of the Three Kingdoms period . They joined the Wei general Cao Zhen in suppressing a rebellion by Zhang Jin ( 張進 ) in Jiuquan Commandery ( 酒泉郡 ; around present-day Jiuquan , Gansu ) .
In late 221 , when the tribal leader Zhiyuanduo ( 治元多 ) started a rebellion in Liang Province ( covering parts of present-day Shaanxi and Gansu ) , Fei Yao joined Zou Qi ( 鄒岐 ) , Zhang Ji , Xiahou Ru ( 夏侯儒 ) and others in suppressing the rebellion .
In early 229 , when Wei 's rival state Shu Han sent an army to invade the Wei fortress at Chencang ( 陳倉 ; east of present-day Baoji , Shaanxi ) , Cao Zhen ordered Fei Yao to lead troops to reinforce Hao Zhao , the Wei general defending Chencang , but Hao Zhao held their ground and the Shu invaders retreated when Fei Yao showed up .
In 230 , Fei Yao was promoted to the position of General of the Rear ( 後將軍 ) . In the same year , the Shu regent Zhuge Liang , along with the Shu generals Wei Yan , Wu Yi and others , led Shu forces to attack Wei territories in Liang Province . Fei Yao and another Wei general , Guo Huai , engaged enemy forces under Wei Yan at Yangxi ( 陽溪 ) , but were defeated and driven back .
Around March 231 , Zhuge Liang led Shu forces to attack Wei again , leading to the Battle of Mount Qi . At the time , the Wei general Sima Yi was in charge of military affairs in Liang and Yong provinces . Sima Yi , with Zhang He , Fei Yao , Guo Huai , Dai Ling ( 戴陵 ) and others as their subordinates , led the Wei forces to resist the enemy . In April 231 , Sima Yi sent Fei Yao and Dai Ling with 4,000 troops to defend Shanggui County ( 上邽縣 ; in present-day Tianshui , Gansu ) while they led the remaining troops to attack the enemy at Mount Qi ( 祁山 ; the mountainous regions around present-day Li County , Gansu ) . Zhuge Liang led a detachment to attack Shanggui County while leaving the rest of their army to attack Mount Qi . Zhuge Liang and their troops defeated Guo Huai , Fei Yao and others and collected the harvest in Shanggui County .
In Romance of the Three Kingdoms
Fei Yao appears as a minor character in the 14th-century historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms , which romanticises the events before and during the Three Kingdoms period . In the novel , they are one of Cao Zhen 's subordinates and they participate in the defence of Wei territory during the second Shu invasion . They fall into an ambush set by Jiang Wei which is meant for Cao Zhen and commits suicide after being surrounded by the enemy .
See also
Lists of people of the Three Kingdoms
References
Sources
Chen , Shou ( 3rd century ) . Records of the Three Kingdoms ( Sanguozhi ) .
Luo , Guanzhong ( 14th century ) . Romance of the Three Kingdoms ( Sanguo Yanyi ) .
Pei , Songzhi ( 5th century ) . Annotations to Records of the Three Kingdoms ( Sanguozhi zhu ) .
Sima , Guang ( 1084 ) . Zizhi Tongjian .
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Cao Wei generals
Sinclair Matthew Skinner ( born May 31 , 1969 ) is an American engineer , human rights activist , political adviser , serial entrepreneur and former elected official in Washington , D.C . They are a Bitcoin and Blockchain Technology evangelist and an advocate of the advancement of African communities in relation to the African Diaspora . They hold a B.S . degree in Mechanical Engineering from Howard University and is a member of Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity . Skinner was first elected to public office in 1998 as an Advisory Neighborhood Commissioner in Washington , D.C. 's Ward 1 neighborhood .
They are currently the co-founder and CEO of Pan African Bitcoin startup Bitmari .
Early life
Born 1969 in Great Falls Montana and raised by their father , a US Air Force officer , and their mother , a dedicated housewife .
In 1987 they enrolled in Alabama 's Tuskegee University , they were eventually elected President of the University 's Student Government Association .
In 1993 the Skinner led a student protest of the “ oppressive and misguided policies common at Historically Black Colleges and Universities ( HBCU 's ) ” , and organized African-Americans throughout the south in HBCU preservation efforts and demonstrations . Skinner 's campus activism would force them to leave Tuskegee University and transfer to Howard University to continue their goal of becoming an engineer .
Activism
In the summer of 1995 while at Howard , Skinner helped organize students nationally for the Million-Man March , the largest all male march ever held in the United States with an estimated million African-American men in attendance . While at Howard , Skinner and Nik Eames worked with civil-rights giant Lawrence Guyot , who encouraged them to get involved in local politics in Washington , DC , ultimately leading them to run and win positions as advisory neighborhood commissioners—while still students .
After graduating from Howard University , Skinner purchased a former crack house across the street from Howard , and organized their neighbors to help eliminate drug trafficking on the block .
In 1999 , Skinner opened the Georgia Avenue Kleaners which eventually grew to a chain of four locations . The dry-cleaners were not a financial success , but Skinner 's success and reputation as a philanthropist grew within the Washington , DC African-American community .
In 2005 , Skinner led a group of Howard University students and area residents in an effort to paint over gang-related graffiti in the neighborhood with a mural depicting Black historical leaders on a Howard University-owned wall near Howard 's Georgia Avenue campus . The wall–which several university students and residents had complained about for years–took two weeks to paint . However , the university ordered the painting be removed after newer residents of the neighborhood complained . Skinner and the students were outraged that residents did not actively pursue the removal of the graffiti , but removed the image of Black leaders and positive families from this wall .
Skinner 's Georgia Avenue organizing experience culminated when residents of D.C. 's wards 1 and 4 joined forces to reject the relocation of the Government of the District of Columbia 's Department of Motor Vehicles to the intersection of Georgia Avenue and New Hampshire Avenue , just blocks from Skinner 's home and dry-cleaners .
The effort forced the creation of the Georgia Avenue Steering committee which led to the smart development framework that influenced the Planned Unit Development , up-zoning and over $ 100M in neighborhood oriented , mixed-use developments that exists at this intersection currently .
In early 2005 , Skinner accused D.C. City councilman of driving historically African-American businesses from the neighborhoods of Columbia Heights , Shaw , and the U Street corridor .
In 2009 , Skinner led a group of Washington , DC activists in the donation of a retired District of Columbia fire truck and ambulance to the poverty stricken town of Sosua , Dominican Republic . However , political pressure surrounding then D.C. Mayor Adrian M. Fenty , and public backlash halted the transaction . The vehicles made it to Miami , but were ultimately returned and auctioned off as scrap metal .
In early 2011 , Skinner called for an investigation into D.C. Councilman Jim Graham 's involvement in a bribery scandal involving their chief of staff , Ted Loza . Loza , who had been Graham 's main confidant in the Council office and who months earlier was arrested by the FBI , had just pleaded guilty to two counts of accepting bribes . The indictment that was handed down charged that Loza had accepted cash payments in exchange for promoting legislation concerning D.C. taxi cabs until 2010 when Loza was arrested and Councilman Graham was stripped of their chairpersonship , Graham had served as Chairman of the council 's committee that oversees taxi cab regulation .
Engineering
Skinner has worked for numerous engineering companies including Ohmeda , Inc. , Honeywell , Pillsbury , McDonnell Douglas Corporation and The Architect of the Capitol where they performed testing and development for the Space Shuttle 's main engine controllers , manufacturing for a flour mill company and designed roadways in Macon County , Alabama where they were an apprentice to Curtis Pierce , the first African American county engineer in Macon County , Alabama . Skinner later became the first African American student named to the National Board of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers .
After completing their B.S . in mechanical engineering , Skinner worked in product development for Ohmeda , Inc. , an international engineering company that designed incubators for premature babies .
Later , Skinner worked for the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office , and received their Engineer in Training certification in 1998 . In 2007 , Skinner founded Liberty Engineering and Design ( LEAD ) , one of the few black owned engineering firms in Washington , D.C .
Politics
In 1996 , Skinner was the campaign manager for D.C. city council candidate Nik Eames of the “ Umoja ” political party . Eames became the first member of their party to get ballot representation for city council in Ward 1 of Washington , D.C .
Skinner 's success organizing residents of their Georgia Avenue neighborhood in Washington , D.C. would lead to their election to the Advisory Neighborhood Commission as commissioner of jurisdiction 1B09 in 1998 .
Later , Skinner would become the director of the Lower Georgia Avenue Business Association . Skinner also became publisher of The Georgia Ave Defender Newsletter , and founder of the Nile Valley Business Corridor Association–an organization that organized neighbors to “ fight crime and take back their streets ” .
In 2000 , Skinner served as a senior campaign adviser to D.C. City Council candidate Adrian M. Fenty . Drawing from their years of experience in organizing , Skinner helped pave the way for Fenty to become the youngest member of D.C. City Council .
In 2006 , Skinner helped Fenty coordinate a successful run for Mayor of Washington , D.C .
In 2012 Skinner served as Treasurer and primary donor to the super-PAC 1911 United . Backed by members of Kappa Alpha Psi and Omega Psi Phi , historically black fraternities , 1911 United aimed to raise $ 1.5 million toward training and organizing African-American voters in key battleground states to re-elect President Barack Obama . 1911 United also became the first super-PAC to accept bitcoins for contributions .
D.C. City Council investigation
In December 2009 , Skinner was interviewed by the D.C. City Council as part of an investigation into the transfer of funds between District government agencies and their firm 's subsequent award of an engineering sub-contract as part of an effort to build and renovate a dozen recreation centers , parks and public fields in the District .
The D.C. Council appointed a special Counsel to look into the transfer of funds between the government agencies as well as the contract that Skinner 's company was awarded by the program management firm overseeing the contracts .
In 2011 Skinner held a news conference at the Wilson Building to share that the council 's investigation into park contracts had `` vindicated '' them of any wrongdoing .
Bitcoin
In 2015 Skinner co-founded BitMari , a Pan-African bitcoin-based financial solutions start-up , with Christopher Mapondera . Using BitMari 's wallet , users can make mobile transactions across the African Diaspora using funds in the form of bitcoin .
In October 2016 , Ebony Magazine reported that Skinner intends for BitMari to be a catalyst for financial empowerment in the global Black community . In that same interview they stated , “ We think technology is a better method of solving problems than politics and a lot of these other things that we 're trying . ”
References
External links
Official Website
BitMari
People from Washington , D.C .
American political consultants
1969 births
Living people
The Strange Case Of ... is the second studio album by American rock band Halestorm . It was released on April 10 , 2012 by the Atlantic . The album was produced by Howard Benson , who also produced the band 's self-titled debut album . The first single and video from the album `` Love Bites ( So Do I ) '' won a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance . The song `` Freak Like Me '' was the band 's first single to reach number one on the Mainstream Rock chart . The song `` Here 's to Us '' was performed on the US television show , Glee , with clean lyrics . Four of the album 's songs were previously released on the sneak-preview EP Hello , It 's Mz . Hyde . A deluxe edition of the album was also released containing three bonus tracks . A different version of the song `` Here 's to Us '' featuring multiple guests including Slash was included as a bonus track on the reissue version of the standard and deluxe version of the album in 2013 .
In interviews about the album , Hale noted that the album was heavier than their previous album , but was significantly closer to the sound of them live .
The album debuted at No . 7 on Top Rock Albums and No . 15 on the Billboard 200 , selling 24,000 copies in its first week . It has sold 1,000,000 copies in the US as of June 2 , 2022 , certified by the RIAA .
Track listing
Hello , It 's Mz . Hyde EP
The band released an EP before the album release of four of the songs set to appear on The Strange Case Of ....
Personnel
Credits adapted from the liner notes of The Strange Case Of ....
Band members
Lzzy Hale – lead vocals , rhythm guitar , piano
Joe Hottinger – lead guitar , backing vocals
Josh Smith – bass guitar , backing vocals
Arejay Hale – drums , percussion , backing vocals
Additional personnel
Musicians
Wolfgang Van Halen – background vocals
Myles Kennedy – guitar
Slash – guitar
Phil X – guitar
Howard Benson – keyboards
Lenny Skolnik – keyboards
Jamie Muhoberac – piano
Maria Brink – background vocals
Tyler Connolly – background vocals
David Draiman – background vocals
Myles Kennedy – background vocals
James Michael – background vocals
Brent Smith – background vocals
Artistry
Alex Kirzhner – art direction , design , photography
Hikari Tezuka – hair stylist
Lucky Smyler – make-up
Chris Phelps – photography
Mody Al Khufash – stylist
Production
Anne Declemente – A & R , administration
Pete Ganbarg – A & R
Paul DeCarli – digital editing , engineer
Jon Nicholson – drum technician
Jimmy Fahey – engineer
Hatsukazu `` Hatch '' Inagaki – engineer
James Michael – engineer
Mike Plotnikoff – engineer
Marc VanGool – guitar technician
Ted Jensen – mastering
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing
Brian Ranney – packaging
Howard Benson – producer , programming
Lenny Skolnik – programming
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 albums
Halestorm albums
Atlantic Records albums
Albums produced by Howard Benson
The Republican and Socialist Left ( , GRS ) is a socialist political party in France . It was founded on 3 February 2019 after the merger of the Alternative for a Republican , Ecologist and Socialist Program ( APRÉS ) and the Citizen and Republican Movement ( MRC ) of Jean-Luc Laurent and Jean-Pierre Chevènement . APRÉS had been founded in October 2018 by Emmanuel Maurel and Marie-Noëlle Lienemann after their departure from the Socialist Party and was close to La France Insoumise .
History
Alternative for a Republican , Ecologist and Socialist Movement
The Alternative for a Republican , Ecologist and Socialist Movement ( APRÉS ) had 650 to 1 000 members . These included politician Gaëtan Gorce , Christophe Premat and political researcher Rémi Lefebvre , who signed a call that initiated the merger of the party with the MRC into a new political organization , whose founding congress took place on 2 and 3 February 2019 .
After splitting from the Socialist Party ( PS ) , APRÉS formed a `` new Popular Front '' with La France Insoumise ( LFI ) to present a joint electoral list for the 2019 European Parliament elections . Emmanuel Maurel described the elections as the `` first step '' in the alliance between the two parties .
Three weeks after the merger , the leaders of the new party announced that one thousand former members of the PS had joined them .
Republican and Socialist Left
The MRC , led by Jean-Luc Laurent and founded by Jean-Pierre Chevènement , supported the APRÉS call for a merger . It also participated in the alliance with La France Insoumise in the 2019 European Parliament elections . During a party congress from 1 to 2 December 2018 , 73.5 % of members voted to create a `` new political formation '' with APRÉS in 2019 that would be the `` home of the republican left . ''
The two parties merged on 3 February 2019 at a Founding Conference in Valence to establish the Republican and Socialist Left ( GRS ) , with Maurel and former MRC spokesperson Bastien Faudot as the first co-presidents . The party 's name was chosen by its supporters from a list of proposals including the New Republican and Socialist Party , Our Common Causes and Ecologist and Socialist Republicans .
During the 2019 European Parliament elections in France , the GRS joined Now the People , an electoral list led by Manon Aubry of La France Insoumise . The GRS 's candidates on the list included Maurel , Catherine Coutard , Anthony Gratacos and Nouvelle-Aquitaine regional councillor Elisabeth Jutel . Maurel , who was in sixth place on the list , was re-elected in the elections .
The GRS opened its first `` university '' for political education in September 2019 in Rochefort , Charente-Maritime .
On 21 and 22 November 2020 , the GRS joined the Radicals of the Left ( LRDG ) , Republic and Socialism , Common Causes and the Party of the European Left in organizing the Universities of the Republican Left ( UGR ) by teleconference . The opening of the Universities was attended by several prominent left-wing figures , such as Arnaud Montebourg , Yannick Jadot , Fabien Roussel and François Ruffin .
In January 2021 , the GRS began to develop its party platform for the 2022 French presidential election . The first draft of the platform was open to amendments by party members from June to September 2021 . It was then debated by the UGR at an in-person event in the Docks des Suds in Marseille on from 24 to 26 December 2021 ; the event was organized by the same political groups as in 2020 . Political figures in attendance included LFI Member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) and co-president of The Left in the European Parliament Manon Aubry , essayist Jacques Rigaudiat , former secretary-general of the Syndicat de la Magistrature union Hélène Franco , former Greek foreign minister Georgios Katrougalos , Europe Ecology – The Greens MEP Marie Toussaint , secretary-general of the LFI delegation to the European Parliament Marine Mesure and Génération.s candidate in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Capucine Edou . The morning of 26 December was dedicated to voting on amendments and the platform as a whole in a debate presided over by LRDG secretary-general Isabelle Amaglio and GRS secretary-general Anthony Gratacos . The platform was finalized by the end of the UGR , and the GRS began preparing its electoral campaign for the spring 2022 election campaign .
With the 2022 presidential election approaching , the GRS organized a vote among its members to select a candidate . Four candidates were on the ballot : Yannick Jadot , Jean-Luc Mélenchon , Arnaud Montebourg and Fabien Roussel . Of the 4 217 party members , 2 445 voted in an 20 and 21 October 2021 online election where Montebourg won with 56.97 % of the vote . Accordingly , the GRS began to campaign for Montebourg on 22 October , until they withdrew from the presidential race on 19 January 2022 . The party subsequently announced its support for Roussel and their French Communist Party ( PCF ) instead .
Criticism
The GRS has been criticized by figures in the Socialist Party , which it split from . The first secretary of the PS , Olivier Faure , described the defection of APRÉS ' founders as `` individual choices '' and rejected Emmanuel Maurel 's political stances , saying that `` We have never taken that lane , the populist lane . If we had followed it , we would have never abolished the death penalty . ''
Laurent Baumel , a former Member of the National Assembly , Socialist frondeur dissident and member of Maurel 's Union and Hope movement , refused to have `` the entire left wing [ rally to ] Jean-Luc Mélenchon '' and stayed in the PS .
Membership
Legislators
Emmanuel Maurel , Member of the European Parliament ( The Left in the European Parliament – GUE/NGL ) and national co-facilitator of the GRS
Marie-Noëlle Lienemann , Senator ( Communist , Republican , Citizen and Ecologist group ) and national co-coordinator of the GRS
Caroline Fiat , Member of the National Assembly for Meurthe-et-Moselle ( La France Insoumise group )
Other elected officials and prominent members
Jean-Luc Laurent , mayor of Le Kremlin-Bicêtre , Val-de-Marne , former Member of the National Assembly , president of the MRC and national co-coordinator of the GRS
Sophie Camard , mayor of the First Sector of Marseille since 2020
Bastien Faudot , departmental councillor of the Territoire de Belfort and national co-facilitator of the GRS
Catherine Coutard , municipal councillor of Montémilar , Drôme , vice-president of the MRC and GRS training division facilitator
Gaëtan Gorce , former Socialist senator and Member of the National Assembly for Nièvre
Marc Vuillemot , president of the Cities and Suburbs Mayors ' Association of France and former mayor of La Seyne-sur-Mer , Var
Rémi Lefebvre , political scientist
Christophe Premat , former Socialist Member of the National Assembly for French citizens overseas
Electoral results
In the 2019 European Parliament elections , the GRS formed an alliance with La France Insoumise . National co-facilitator Emmanuel Maurel was elected as part of the six winning candidates from the alliance 's list .
References
External links
Official website
2018 establishments in France
Political parties established in 2018
Socialist parties in France
Skumin ( ) is a Lithuanian , Polish and Russian masculine nobleman surname , its feminine counterpart is Skumina .
Notable people with the surname
Alexander Skumin ( 1748–1775 ) , statesman of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth
Andrew N. Skumin ( 1909–1984 ) , WWII Veteran , officer of MGB of the USSR , Chairman of the Military Tribunal of the Internal Troops of the Volga Military District
Anna Skumina ( 1730–1772 )
Anthony Skumin ( 1899–1965 ) , WWI Veteran US Army
Edward A Skumin ( 1898–1935 ) , WWI Veteran US Army
Ivan Skumin ( ? –1566 )
Janusz Skumin ( 1570–1642 ) , Polish nobleman and politician
Jerzy Skumin ( 1596–1656 ) , religious leader and statesman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
John Skumin Sr ( 1935–2014 ) was a graduate of Berkshire Community College with an associate degree in Criminal Justice . They served in the Massachusetts National Guard .
Józef Skumin ( 1716–1790 ) , knight of the Order of the White Eagle ( Poland )
Katarzyna Eugenia Skumina ( 1610–1648 ) , Polish noble lady
Ludwik Skumin ( 1748–1808 ) , Field Lithuanian Hetman ( Grand Treasurer ) of Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth . They received the Russian Orders of St. Alexander Nevsky and of St. Andrew
Theodor Skumin ( 1538–1618 ) , Royal nobleman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
Victor A. Skumin ( born 1948 ) , Russian scientist , philosopher and writer
V. L. Skumin
Gallery
References
External links
Lithuanian nobility
Polish nobility
Russian-language surnames
Russian noble families
Russian nobility
Lim Choong-sil ( born 10 January 1996 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender .
Career
Lim joined the Seattle Sounders FC Academy in 2014 . On March 29 , 2015 , they made their professional debut for Seattle Sounders FC 2 , a USL affiliate club of Seattle Sounders FC , in a 4–0 victory over Whitecaps FC 2 .
References
External links
USSF Development Academy bio
1996 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
Tacoma Defiance players
Association football defenders
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL Championship players
Footballers from Seoul
Sir Thomas Gooch , 2nd Baronet ( 1674–1754 ) was an English bishop .
Life
Gooch was born to Thomas Gooch of Yarmouth , and educated at Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge , which they entered in 1691 . They graduated B.A . in 1694 ( M.A . 1698 ) , B.D . in 1706 and D.D . in 1711 . They became chaplain to Henry Compton , Bishop of London , and preached at their funeral in 1713 . Subsequently , they were chaplain to Queen Anne , and rector of St Clement Eastcheap and St Martin Orgar . They were archdeacon of Essex from 1714 to 1737 .
Gooch was Master of Gonville and Caius from 1716 and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge in 1717 . They became successively Bishop of Bristol in 1737 , Bishop of Norwich in 1738 , and Bishop of Ely in 1747 . In 1751 they inherited the title of baronet from their brother Sir William Gooch , 1st Baronet .
Gooch 's first wife was Mary Sherlock , daughter of William Sherlock . They had a son , Sir Thomas Gooch , 3rd Baronet of Benacre . They married twice more . They died at Ely Place , and was buried in the chapel at Gonville and Caius , where there is a monument to them on the south wall .
Arms
References
Bishops of Bristol
Bishops of Ely
Bishops of Norwich
Archdeacons of Essex
Masters of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge
1674 births
1754 deaths
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Cambridge
Alumni of Gonville and Caius College , Cambridge
Baronets in the Baronetage of Great Britain
18th-century Church of England bishops
The 1989 Pan American Women 's Handball Championship was the second edition of the Pan American Women 's Handball Championship , held in the United States from 14 to 16 September 1988 . It acted as the American qualifying tournament for the 1990 World Women 's Handball Championship .
Standings
Results
External links
Results on todor66.com
1989 Women
American Women 's Handball Championship
American Women 's Handball Championship
1988 in American women 's sports
September 1988 sports events in the United States
Boulton may refer to :
Boulton ( surname )
Boulton , Derby , England
See also
Boulton Paul Aircraft Ltd , aircraft manufacturer
Boulton and Watt , partnership between Matthew Boulton and James Watt
Bolton ( disambiguation )
Aluminium nitride ( AlN ) is a solid nitride of aluminium . It has a high thermal conductivity of up to 321 W/ ( m·K ) and is an electrical insulator . Its wurtzite phase ( w-AlN ) has a band gap of ~6 eV at room temperature and has a potential application in optoelectronics operating at deep ultraviolet frequencies .
History and physical properties
AlN was first synthesized in 1862 by F. Briegleb and A. Geuther .
AlN , in the pure ( undoped ) state has an electrical conductivity of 10−11–10−13 Ω−1⋅cm−1 , rising to 10−5–10−6 Ω−1⋅cm−1 when doped . Electrical breakdown occurs at a field of 1.2–1.8 V/mm ( dielectric strength ) .
The material exists primarily in the hexagonal wurtzite crystal structure , but also has a metastable cubic zincblende phase , which is synthesized primarily in the form of thin films . It is predicted that the cubic phase of AlN ( zb-AlN ) can exhibit superconductivity at high pressures .
AlN has high thermal conductivity , high-quality MOCVD-grown AlN single crystal has an intrinsic thermal conductivity of 321 W/ ( m·K ) , consistent with a first-principle calculation . For an electrically insulating ceramic , it is 70–210 W/ ( m·K ) for polycrystalline material , and as high as 285 W/ ( m·K ) for single crystals ) .
Stability and chemical properties
Aluminium nitride is stable at high temperatures in inert atmospheres and melts at about 2200 °C . In a vacuum , AlN decomposes at ~1800 °C . In the air , surface oxidation occurs above 700 °C , and even at room temperature , surface oxide layers of 5–10 nm thickness have been detected . This oxide layer protects the material up to 1370 °C . Above this temperature bulk oxidation occurs . Aluminium nitride is stable in hydrogen and carbon-dioxide atmospheres up to 980 °C .
The material dissolves slowly in mineral acids through grain-boundary attack and in strong alkalies through attack on the aluminium-nitride grains . The material hydrolyzes slowly in water . Aluminium nitride is resistant to attack from most molten salts , including chlorides and cryolite .
Aluminium nitride can be patterned with a Cl2-based reactive ion etch .
Manufacture
AlN is synthesized by the carbothermal reduction of aluminium oxide in the presence of gaseous nitrogen or ammonia or by direct nitridation of aluminium . The use of sintering aids , such as Y2O3 or CaO , and hot pressing is required to produce a dense technical-grade material .
Applications
Epitaxially grown thin film crystalline aluminium nitride is used for surface acoustic wave sensors ( SAWs ) deposited on silicon wafers because of AlN 's piezoelectric properties . One application is an RF filter , widely used in mobile phones , which is called a thin-film bulk acoustic resonator ( FBAR ) . This is a MEMS device that uses aluminium nitride sandwiched between two metal layers .
AlN is also used to build piezoelectric micromachined ultrasound transducers , which emit and receive ultrasound and which can be used for in-air rangefinding over distances of up to a meter .
Metallization methods are available to allow AlN to be used in electronics applications similar to those of alumina and beryllium oxide . AlN nanotubes as inorganic quasi-one-dimensional nanotubes , which are isoelectronic with carbon nanotubes , have been suggested as chemical sensors for toxic gases .
Currently there is much research into developing light-emitting diodes to operate in the ultraviolet using gallium nitride based semiconductors and , using the alloy aluminium gallium nitride , wavelengths as short as 250 nm have been achieved . In 2006 , an inefficient AlN LED emission at 210 nm was reported .
Among the applications of AlN are
opto-electronics ,
dielectric layers in optical storage media ,
electronic substrates , chip carriers where high thermal conductivity is essential ,
military applications ,
as a crucible to grow crystals of gallium arsenide ,
steel and semiconductor manufacturing .
See also
Boron nitride
Aluminium phosphide
Indium nitride
Aluminium oxynitride
Titanium aluminium nitride , TiAlN or AlTiN
References
Cited sources
Nitrides
Aluminium compounds
Piezoelectric materials
III-V semiconductors
Light-emitting diode materials
III-V compounds
Wurtzite structure type
Ulrike Luise Tillmann FRS is a mathematician specializing in algebraic topology , who has made important contributions to the study of the moduli space of algebraic curves . They are a titular Professor of Mathematics at the University of Oxford and a Fellow of Merton College , Oxford . In 2021 they were appointed Director of the Isaac Newton Institute at the University of Cambridge , and N.M. Rothschild & Sons Professor of Mathematical Sciences at Cambridge , but continued to hold a part-time position at Oxford .
Education
Tillmann completed their abitur at Gymnasium Georgianum in Vreden . They received a B.A . from Brandeis University in 1985 , followed by a M.A . from Stanford University in 1987 . They read for a PhD under the supervision of Ralph Cohen at Stanford University , where they were awarded their doctorate in 1990 . They were awarded Habilitation in 1996 from the University of Bonn .
Awards and honours
In 2004 they were awarded the Whitehead Prize of the London Mathematical Society .
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 2008 and a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society in 2013 . They have served on the council of the Royal Society and in 2018 was its vice-president . In 2017 , they became a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina .
Tillmann was awarded the Bessel Prize by the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation in 2008 and was the Emmy Noether Lecturer of the German Mathematical Society in 2009 .
They were elected as president-designate of the London Mathematical Society in June 2020 and took over the presidency from Jonathan Keating in November 2021 . They were elected to the European Academy of Sciences ( EURASC ) in 2021 . In October 2021 they became the director of the Isaac Newton Institute , taking a post which lasts for five years .
Personal life
Tillmann 's parents are Ewald and Marie-Luise Tillmann . In 1995 they married Jonathan Morris with whom they have had three daughters .
Publications
References
External links
Living people
People from Rhede
Women mathematicians
Fellows of the Royal Society
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Topologists
20th-century German mathematicians
Whitehead Prize winners
Brandeis University alumni
Stanford University alumni
Academics of the University of Oxford
Fellows of Merton College , Oxford
21st-century German mathematicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Black Sheep is a double album by Julian Cope , released on Head Heritage in 2008 . It is Cope 's twentyfourth solo album and features 11 protest songs across two half-hour CDs . Each CD represents `` one side of an LP '' with their own titles , Return of the Native and Return of the Alternative . Cope described the album as `` a musical exploration of what it is to be an outsider in modern Western Culture '' .
Track listing
Personnel
Julian Cope – vocals , guitar , bass , Mellotron 400 , synthesizer , 30 '' bass drum , producer , directed by , photography , sleeve painting
Anthony `` Doggen '' Foster – guitar , bass guitar , harmonica , drums
Christopher Patrick `` Holy '' McGrail – law council , synthesizer , album design
Ady `` Acoustika '' Fletcher – vocals , acoustic guitar , photography
Michael O'Sullivan – acoustic guitar , 30 '' bass drum
Big Nige – law council , blasphemous movie division
Vybik Jon – law council
Chris Olley — engineer
Adam Whittaker — mastering
References
External links
Black Sheep on Discogs.com
2008 albums
Julian Cope albums
Stereo Type is a piece by the contemporary Welsh composer Guto Puw . It was commissioned for the 2005 Bangor New Music Festival , of which Puw is the chairperson and artistic director .
The piece , which lasts ten minutes , is written for the unusual combination of amplified typewriters and tape . The tape part was created and realised by Ed Wright , a student at Bangor University at the time . Stereo Type was billed as `` A sonic journey from the past to the present . '' It was premiered by students from the School of Music of the University of Wales , Bangor , where Puw is a Lecturer . The first performance took place on 5 March 2005 in the Deiniol Shopping Centre , Bangor . The performance was featured on the S4C television programme Y Sioe Gelf on 20 March 2005 .
References
Compositions by Guto Puw
Hitoshi ( written : , , , , , , , , , or in hiragana ) is a masculine Japanese given name . Notable people with the name include :
, Japanese politician
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese politician
, Japanese scholar and murder victim
, Japanese painter
, Japanese general
, Japanese boxer
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese politician
, Japanese basketball player
, Japanese comedian
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese politician
, Japanese ice hockey player
, Japanese footballer and manager
, Japanese director
Hitoshi Narita , Japanese naval architect
, Japanese racing driver
, Japanese musician
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese rugby union player
, Japanese judoka
, Japanese video game composer
Hitoshi Sasaki ( disambiguation ) , multiple people
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese judoka
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese boxer
, Japanese sumo wrestler
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese manga artist
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese actor , singer , comedian and musician
, Japanese short track speed skater
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese socialist
Fictional Characters
, a character from My Hero Academia
See also
11317 Hitoshi , a main-belt asteroid
Japanese masculine given names
Killick 's Mill is a Grade II * listed Smock mill in Meopham , Kent , England that was built in 1801 and which has been restored .
History
Killick 's mill was built in 1801 by three brothers named Killick from Strood . Unusually , the mill is hexagonal in plan . Most smock mills are octagonal in plan . The mill was run by the Killick family until 1889 when it was sold to the Norton family . The mill last worked by wind in 1929 , and then by oil engine and electric motor until the 1965 . The mill was acquired by Kent County Council in 1960 and restored by E Hole and Sons , the Burgess Hill millwrights at a cost of £4,375 .
Description
Killick 's Mill is a three-storey smock mill on a two-storey single-storey brick base . There is a stage at second-floor level . It has four double patent sails carried on a cast-iron windshaft . The sails are long . The mill is winded by a fantail . The wooden Brake Wheel is diameter . The Wallower and Great Spur Wheel are of cast iron . When the mill was built , it had two pairs of millstones . Later a third and then a fourth pair were added . One of the added pair of stones came from Richardson 's mill , Boughton under Blean , as did the auxiliary oil engine . The stones are driven overdrift . At one time , the mill generated its own electricity to power electric lights within the mill .
Millers
James Killick 1801 - 1823
Sukey Killick 1823 -
James Killick 1852 - 1889
Richard Killick 1882 - 1889
Thomas Killick 1882 - 1889
John Norton 1889 -
William Norton 1889 -
Leslie Norton
J & W Norton 1895 - 1950s
J & W Norton ( Meopham ) Ltd. 1950s - 1965
References for above : -
Culture and Media
Killick 's Mill appeared briefly in stock footage used in an episode of The Prisoner titled The Girl Who Was Death which was filmed in 1967 and first shown in 1968 .
References
External links
Windmill World page on the mill .
Visiting information
Windmills in Kent
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Smock mills in England
Grade II * listed buildings in Kent
Museums in the Borough of Gravesham
Mill museums in England
Windmills completed in 1801
Hexagonal buildings
Brighton is an unincorporated community in Harmony Township , Clark County , Ohio , USA .
History
Brighton was laid out in 1835 . A post office called Brighton Centre was established in 1835 , and remained in operation until 1843 . A post office was later reestablished there under the name Orchard . The Orchard post office opened in 1890 , and was discontinued in 1909 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Clark County , Ohio
1835 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1835
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Myrsini Malakou is a Greek biologist . They were awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2001 , for their contributions to the protection of the wetlands of Préspa , jointly with fellow biologist Giorgos Catsadorakis .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Greek biologists
Greek environmentalists
Goldman Environmental Prize awardees
The North West of Ireland Printing and Publishing Company ( NWIPP ) is a family-owned newspaper group based in the Irish province of Ulster , on both sides of the border . The company was established in 1901 by the Lynch family with the launch of the Ulster Herald . The company expanded rapidly in the following years adding the Derry People ( now Donegal News ) and Fermanagh Herald in 1902 ; and purchased the Strabane Chronicle , which had been established in 1896 . The Tyrone Herald was launched in November 2004 , and a Monday edition of the Donegal News was also launched in November 2006 . The company also publishes the weekly Gaelic games paper , Gaelic Life , starting in January 2007 . The company is based in Omagh , County Tyrone . The group 's circulation for the first half of 2010 ( excluding Gaelic Life ) was 53,038 , making it one of the largest family-owned newspaper companies in Ireland .
Current titles
Note : all UK Audit Bureau of Circulations figures for period January to June 2010
References
External links
NWIPP Homepage
Mass media in County Londonderry
Mass media in County Donegal
Mass media in County Fermanagh
Mass media in County Tyrone
Mass media companies of Northern Ireland
Newspapers published in Ireland
Master is the soundtrack album composed by Anirudh Ravichander , for the 2021 Indian Tamil-language film of the same name , directed by Lokesh Kanagaraj , and produced by Xavier Britto under their production house XB Film Creators , starring Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi . This film marks Anirudh 's first collaboration with Lokesh Kanagaraj and their second collaboration with Vijay and Vijay Sethupathi after Kaththi and Naanum Rowdy Dhaan . The soundtrack album features eight songs written by Arunraja Kamaraj , Gana Balachandar , Arivu , Vignesh Shivan , Vishnu Edavan and Bjorn Surrao , with three of them were released as singles . The tracks were released digitally through Sony Music on 15 March 2020 . The film also features an extended soundtrack album with two songs `` Vaathi Kabaddi '' and `` Master The Blaster '' being released on 13 and 14 January 2021 . The soundtrack album has been streamed by 1.5 billion times in music platforms , and was the highest-streamed Tamil album of the year 2020 .
Release
The soundtrack album features eight tracks , with lyrics written by Arunraja Kamaraj , Gana Balachandar , Arivu , Vignesh Shivan and Vishnu Edavan . Composers Yuvan Shankar Raja and Santhosh Narayanan , also sung one song for this film , while the latter collaborates with Anirudh for the second time after Remo ( 2016 ) , and the former 's first collaboration with the composer . Out of the eight tracks , three of the songs in the soundtrack album were released as singles . The first single , `` Kutti Story '' written by Arunraja Kamaraj and sung by Vijay , was released on 14 February 2020 . The film 's second single , named `` Vaathi Coming '' , sung by Anirudh and Gana Balachandar was released on 10 March 2020 . The third single `` Vaathi Raid '' , sung by Arivu was released on 14 March 2020 . The film 's audio launch event was held on 15 March 2020 , at The Leela Palace Hotel in Chennai , with a live telecast on Sun TV . The film 's cast and crew and other celebrities , attended the event , and was held with closed doors without fans and press due to the COVID-19 pandemic . The album cover from the soundtrack features a blurred image of Vijay staring an intense look resmbling to that of the film 's first look poster .
Though the official tracklist consists of 8 songs in total , composer Anirudh Ravichander revealed in the audio launch that , there are 10 tracks in the film with two songs will be released as a part of the extended soundtrack album . As the government allowed permission to resume post-production works of films which were halted due to the COVID-19 pandemic , Anirudh worked on the progress of the film 's background score as well for the extended soundtrack . `` Vaathi Kabbadi '' is the first song to be released in the film 's extended soundtrack , which is a remix of the popular theme song `` Kabaddi '' originally composed by Vidyasagar , from the film Ghilli ( 2004 ) . After negotitating with FIve Star Audio and Ayngaran International , which procured the rights of the original film , Sony Music South released the lyrical video of the song on 13 January 2021 . The second song `` Master the Blaster '' which released on 14 January 2021 , is a reggae track written and performed by independent musician Bjorn Surrao , whom Anirudh had collaborated in Velaikkaran ( 2017 ) .
Reception
Critics
The album received positive reviews upon its release . Behindwoods rated the album 3.25 out of 5 , stating `` Master is for masses - Anirudh 's music is full of mass appeal as can be expected for a Vijay biggie ! '' Indiaglitz gave 3.75 out of 5 and quoted `` The culmination of good composition , lyrics and singers make the album remarkably entertaining and highly listenable . '' Moviecrow rated the album 3.5 out of 5 , stating that `` Anirudh easily delivered their best among their recent outings for the mass films with the vibrant soundtrack led by Vaathi Raid . '' Writing for The Times of India , Jyothi Prabhakar stated `` Many masters have come together to make a musical medley , which is what Master audio tracks are all about . It 's got actors and composers singing , directors writing lyrics , folk overtones , percussion , many traditional instruments and drummers beating the life out of a variety of drums . Anirudh Ravichander , the film 's composer , has tried to do more of the same , and yet built in a few refreshing tunes . ''
Vipin Nair of Music Aloud noted the album as `` a joyous ride with the highly engaging set of tracks '' and gave 4 out of 5 to the album . Kaushik LM of Sify , praised the songs and picturisation in their review for the film . About `` Vaathi Coming '' they stated that `` the song induces a celebratory mood in theaters . The way this song has been staged and built up is fantastic . Vijay 's energy and sharp dance moves are infectious . '' However , they criticised the placement of the song `` Kutty Story '' , which they believed that it had lessened the impact of the film . Avinash Ramachandran of The New Indian Express stated about the soundtrack of the film in Jukebox 2021 , saying `` The songs of Anirudh burst with an identity , a soul , and while there were a number of much-loved albums in 2021 , we saw that songs were slowly dying , and the albums served as resurgence . ''
Audience
The album received predominantly positive response from audiences . Upon its initial release on 14 February 2020 , the lyrical video of `` Kutti Story '' song was listed in the third position in the most viewed video worldwide in the video-sharing platform YouTube , with 9 million views within 24 hours . The second song `` Vaathi Coming '' received phenomenal response , and its lyrical video which released on 10 March , crossed 100 million views on 5 January 2021 . Its video song which released in late January 2021 , was well received by audiences and crossed 300 million views as of December 2021 . The International Football Club used this song for the promotion of the sports club .
Writing for The News Minute , Anjana Shekar added the song `` Vaathi Coming '' in their article about 7 Tamil Songs That Needed in Your Playlist , as a year-ender special . The Times of India , listed the song in the top position in the 5 Chartbuster Tamil Songs of 2020 . It further became the top-streamed songs of Spotify , in their Top Tamil Tracks of 2020 . Master topped the most streamed Tamil album of JioSaavn in 2020 , with three of its songs , were listed in the Top 5 Most Streamed Tamil Songs of 2020 , in its music platform .
The song `` Master the Blaster '' which released as an additional track received phenomenal response upon release , with the lyrical video crossed 10 million views within four days , and also topped the global iTunes charts . The track also became one of the most streamed song in Spotify , along with `` Vaathi Coming '' , a week during its release , while the album also topped the most streamed Indian albums . As per Spotify Wrapped , a viral marketing campaign by Spotify , the soundtrack became the seventh-most streamed soundtrack in India in 2021 . The track `` Vaathi Coming '' also topped the first position , in the Top Tamil Tracks of 2021 , for the second consecutive year . It was the most streamed Tamil album of 2021 in Gaana , with the song `` Vaathi Coming '' also topping the first position as the most streamed Tamil song . The track `` Master the Blaster '' was the fifth-most streamed Tamil song of Jiosaavn .
Devarsi Ghosh of Scroll.in listed the soundtrack of the film in the Best of 2021 Soundtracks ( Indian Film Music ) , describing it as `` an interesting spin on conventional soundtrack formulae '' . Writing for the track `` Andha Kanna Paathakka '' , Ghosh stated that `` a tribute to the hero played by Vijay , but instead of having the usual anthemic quality , it 's a peppy torch song '' .
Track listing
Original
The official tracklist of the film released on 15 March 2020 , hours before the audio launch . The jukebox of the film released through YouTube on the same day of the launch , whereas the soundtrack album released a day later , on 16 March 2020 , through iTunes and other streaming platforms , in order to avoid piracy and illegal downloads .
Telugu
For the soundtrack of the film 's Telugu version , two songs `` Chitti Story '' and `` Master Raid '' were released as singles , on 25 December 2020 and 6 January 2021 , before the film 's official soundtrack being unveiled on 8 January 2021. at a pre-release event held in Hyderabad . The lyrics for the songs were written by Sri Sai Kiran , Krishna Kanth , Anantha Sriram and Mali . Sam Vishal , a constant of Super Singer 7 , made their debut in playback singing through the song `` Chiiti Story '' .
Kannada
The soundtrack for the Kannada version had lyrics written by Varadaraj Chikkaballapura and Rathee . One song `` Putta Story '' was released as a single on 2 January 2021 , and the film 's album was released on 11 January 2021 .
Hindi
The soundtrack for the Hindi version titled Vijay The Master features lyrics written by Raqueeb Alam , Vimal Kashyap and Akshay Dhawan . It was released on 12 January 2021 .
Background score
Lokesh Kanagaraj watched the final mix of the film score composed by Anirudh , before they attended the film 's promotional event in Hyderabad , and praised their work stating that the `` background score will take the film to the next level '' . After the response received for the film 's musical score , Anirudh worked on mastering the film 's tunes in order to release it as a separate soundtrack . The original soundtrack featuring the film score was released by Sony Music South on 5 February 2021 . The `` JD Intro '' background music was featured during the title credits of Beast ( 2022 ) .
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
Master ( soundtrack ) at IMDb
2020 soundtrack albums
Tamil film soundtracks
Telugu film soundtracks
Kannada film soundtracks
Hindi film soundtracks
Songs from Master
Sony Music India soundtracks
Anirudh ( composer ) soundtracks
Action film soundtracks
Crime film soundtracks
Korosh Nejad ( born Korosh Arshadnejad ) is an Iranian professional poker player based in London , England . They were born in Tehran .
Nejad has played for over 30 years , but first came to the public attention with three impressive performances in the Stakis Festival in London during May 1999 where they had a 2nd-place finish in a £100 Pot Limit Omaha tournament , a 1st-place finish in a £100 Seven Card Stud tournament and a 4th-place finish in a £250 No Limit Hold Em tournament . During the festival they made over £7,000 .
They went on to make regular appearances on the Late Night Poker television show . In the third season they won a tournament featuring Charalambos `` Bambos '' Xanthos , `` Gentleman '' Liam Flood , Ram `` Crazy Horse '' Vaswani and Hemish Shah . They also won a tournament in the fifth season , which featured Joe `` The Elegance '' Beevers , Dave `` The Devilfish '' Ulliott and Julian `` The Kid '' Gardner . They went on to finish 2nd to Padraig Parkinson in the Series 5 Grand Final .
Korosh finished as runner-up to Neil `` Bad Beat '' Channing in their heat of the 2005 World Speed Poker Open . although they were the only player in the tournament who refused to pay their entry fee . Nejad was subsequently disqualified from the tournament and was handed a lifetime ban from all future events .
External links
Hendon Mob tournament results
Gutshot Card Club tournament results
Iranian poker players
Iranian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Anthony Theater , located at 220 W. Main St. in Anthony , Kansas , is an Art Deco-style theater built in 1936 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 .
It was designed by architect S.S. Voigt . It is a two-story building with white concrete , buff brick , and copper brown tiles . It is in plan .
References
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Art Deco architecture in Kansas
Buildings and structures completed in 1936
Harper County , Kansas
The coat of arms of Russia derives from the earlier coat of arms of the Russian Empire which was abolished with the Russian Revolution in 1917 . Though modified more than once since the reign of Ivan III ( 1462–1505 ) , the current coat of arms is directly derived from its medieval original , with the double-headed eagle having Byzantine and earlier antecedents . The general tincture corresponds to the early fifteenth-century standard .
Description and usage
The two main elements of Russian state symbols ( the two-headed eagle and the mounted figure slaying the dragon ) predate Peter the Great . According to the Kremlin 's website :
« ... четырёхугольный , с закруглёнными нижними углами , заострённый в оконечности красный геральдический щит с золотым двуглавым орлом , поднявшим вверх распущенные крылья . Орел увенчан двумя малыми коронами и — над ними — одной большой короной , соединенными лентой . В правой лапе орла — скипетр , в левой — держава . На груди орла , в красном щите , — серебряный всадник в синем плаще на серебряном коне , поражающий серебряным копьём черного опрокинутого навзничь и попранного конём дракона . »
Which is translated as :
`` … a gold two-headed eagle with raised extended wings set against a four-cornered red heraldic shield with rounded lower corners . Two small crowns top the eagle 's heads , with one large crown above them . The three crowns are linked by a ribbon . The eagle holds a sceptre in its right claw and an orb in its left claw . The eagle bears a red shield on its breast depicting a silver horseman in a blue cape , mounted upon a silver horse and slaying a black dragon with a silver spear . ''
The current coat of arms was designed by artist Yevgeny Ukhnalyov ; it was adopted on 30 November 1993 by a presidential decree , and then by a federal law signed by President Vladimir Putin on December 20 , 2000 .
Today , the imperial crowns on each head stand for the unity and sovereignty of Russia , both as a whole and in its constituent republics and regions . The orb and scepter grasped in the eagle 's talons are traditional heraldic symbols of sovereign power and authority . Of note is that the scepter shows the Droste effect , as it is topped by a miniature image of the coat-of-arms itself . They have been retained in the modern Russian arms despite the fact that the Russian Federation is not a monarchy , which led to objections by the Communists even though both the blue ribbon and the collar of the Order of St. Andrew ( which in the imperial arms supported the three crowns and surrounded the central shield ) have been removed from the current coat of arms .
It appears on the federal buildings and is on the cover of the national passport .
The Standard of the President of Russia
is a squared Russian tricolour defaced with the coat of arms of Russia , the banner of the Russian Armed Forces also has the coat of arms centered on the obverse side . Some state awards of Russia are also designed based on the coat of arms , including the State Prize . Russian ruble coins depict the coat of arms on the obverse side since 2016 .
Historical versions
The heraldic device of Russia has gone through three major periods in its history , undergoing major changes in the transitions between the Russian Empire , the Soviet Union , and the Russian Federation . The use of the double-headed eagle as a Russian coat of arms goes back to the 15th century . With the fall of Constantinople and the end of the Byzantine Empire in 1453 , the Grand Dukes of Muscovy came to see themselves as the successors of the Byzantine heritage , a notion reinforced by the marriage of Ivan III to Sophia Paleologue ( hence the expression `` Third Rome '' for Moscow and , by extension , for the whole of Imperial Russia ) . Ivan adopted the golden Byzantine double-headed eagle in their seal , first documented in 1472 , marking their direct claim to the Roman imperial heritage and posing as a sovereign equal and rival to the Holy Roman Empire . In 1497 , it was stamped on a charter of share and allotment of independent princes ' possessions . At about the same time , the image of a gilt , double-headed eagle on a red background appeared on the walls of the Palace of Facets in the Moscow Kremlin .
The other main Russian coat of arms , the image of St George slaying the dragon , is contemporaneous . In its first form , as a rider armed with a spear , it is found in the seal of Vasili I of Moscow in 1390 . At the time of Ivan III , the dragon was added , but the final association with Saint George was not made until 1730 , when it was described as such in an Imperial decree . Eventually , St George became the patron saint of Moscow ( and , by extension , of Russia ) .
After the assumption of the title of Tsar by Ivan IV , the two coats are found combined , with the eagle bearing an escutcheon depicting St George on the breast . With the establishment of the Moscow Patriarchate in 1589 , a patriarchal cross was added for a time between the heads of the eagle .
1721–1917 : Russian Empire
The Russian Empire had a coat of arms , displayed in either its greater , middle and lesser version . Its escutcheon was golden with a black two-headed eagle crowned with two imperial crowns , over which the same third crown , enlarged , with two flying ends of the ribbon of the Order of Saint Andrew . The State Eagle held a golden scepter and golden globus cruciger . On the chest of the eagle there was an escutcheon with the arms of Moscow , depicting Saint George , mounted and defeating the dragon . After approval by Alexander III on 24 July 1882 , the greater coat of arms was adopted on 3 November , replacing the previous 1857 version .
Its central element is the coat of arms , crowned with the helmet of Alexander Nevsky , with black and golden mantling , and flanked by the archangels Michael and Gabriel . The collar of the Order of Saint Andrew is suspended from the coat of arms . The whole lies within a golden ermine mantle , crowned by the Imperial Crown of Russia and decorated with black double-headed eagles . The inscription on the canopy reads : Съ Нами Богъ ( `` God is with us '' ) . Above the canopy stands the state khorugv , of gold cloth , on which is depicted the Medium State Seal . The banner is topped by the State Eagle .
Around the central composition are placed fifteen coats of arms of the various territories of the Russian Empire . Nine of these are crowned and placed on a laurel and oak wreath . Proceeding from the left in a counter-clockwise direction , these represent , as they are included in the full imperial title : the Khanate of Kazan , the Congress Kingdom of Poland , Tauric Chersonesos , the unified coat of arms of the Grand Principalities of Kiev , Vladimir and Novgorod , the dynastic arms of the House of Holstein-Gottorp-Romanov , the Grand Principality of Finland , the Georgian principalities , and the Khanates of Siberia and Astrakhan .
The six upper escutcheons are joint depictions of various smaller principalities and oblasts . From the left in a clockwise fashion , these are : the combined arms of the northeastern regions ( Perm , Volga Bulgaria , Vyatka , Kondinsky , Obdorsk ) , of Belorussia and Lithuania ( Lithuania , Białystok , Samogitia , Polatsk , Vitebsk , Mstislavl ) , the provinces of Great Russia proper ( Pskov , Smolensk , Tver , Nizhniy-Novgorod , Ryazan , Rostov , Yaroslavl , Belozersk , Udorsky ) , the arms of the southwestern regions ( Volhyn , Podolsk , Chernigov ) , the Baltic provinces ( Estonia , Courland and Semigalia , Karelia , Livonia ) and Turkestan .
The Middle Coat of Arms ( Средний государственный герб Российской Империи ) is similar to the Great Coat of Arms , excluding the khorugv and the six upper escutcheons . The Abbreviated Imperial Title is inscribed over the perimeter of the Seal . The Lesser Coat of Arms ( Малый государственный герб Российской Империи ) depicts the imperial double-headed eagle , as used in the coat of arms , with the addition of the collar of the Order of Saint Andrew around the escutcheon of St. George , and the Arms of Astrakhan , Siberia , Georgia , Finland , Kiev-Vladimir-Novgorod , Taurica , Poland and Kazan on the wings ( seen clockwise ) .
In the beginning of the 17th century , with the ascension of the Romanov dynasty and its contacts with Western Europe , the image of the eagle changed . In 1625 , for the first time the double-headed eagle appeared with three crowns . Traditionally , the latter have alternatively been interpreted as representing the conquered kingdoms of Kazan , Astrakhan and Siberia , as stated in the first edict concerning the state seal , on 14 December 1667 , or as standing for the unity of Great Russia ( Russia ) , Little Russia ( the Ukraine ) and White Russia ( Belarus ) . Probably under influence from its German equivalent , the eagle , from 1654 onwards , was designed with spread wings and holding a scepter and orb in its claws .
During the reign of Peter the Great , further changes were made . The collar of the newly established Order of Saint Andrew was added around the central escutcheon , and the crowns were changed to the imperial pattern after their assumption of the imperial title in 1721 . At about this time , the eagle 's color was changed from golden to black , which would be retained until the fall of the Russian monarchy in 1917 . A final form for the eagle was adopted by imperial decree in 1729 , and remained virtually unchanged until 1853 .
During the early 19th century , the eagle designs diversified , and two different variants were adopted by Emperor Nicholas I . The first type represented the eagle with spread wings , one crown , with an image of St.George on the breast and with a wreath and a thunderbolt in its claws . The second type followed the 1730 pattern , with the addition of the arms of Kazan , Astrakhan and Siberia on its left wing and those of Poland , the Taurica and Finland on the right one .
In 1855–57 , in the course of a general heraldic reform , the eagle 's appearance was changed , mirroring German patterns , while St George was made to look to the left , in accordance with the rules of Western heraldry . At the same time , the full set of coat of arms of Great , Medium and Minor Arms , was laid down and approved . The final revisions and changes were made in 1882–83 , and are those described above .
1918–93 : Soviet and post-Soviet Russia
The coat of arms of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( RSFSR ) was adopted on 10 July 1918 by the government of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic ( Soviet Union ) , and modified several times afterwards . It shows wheat as the symbol of agriculture , a rising sun for the future of the Russian nation , the red star ( the RSFSR was the last Soviet Republic to include the star in its state emblem , in 1978 ) as well as the hammer and sickle for the victory of Communism and the `` world-wide socialist community of states '' .
The Soviet Union state motto ( `` Workers of the world , unite ! '' ) in Russian ( `` — ) is also a part of the coat of arms .
The acronym of the RSFSR is shown above the hammer and sickle , and reads `` , for `` '' ( ) .
Similar emblems were used by the Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republics ( ASSR ) within the Russian SFSR ; the main differences were generally the use of the republic 's acronym and the presence of the motto in the language ( s ) of the titular nations ( with the exception of the state emblem of the Dagestan ASSR , which had the motto in eleven languages as there is no single Dagestani language ) .
The Soviet Union as a whole adopted its emblem in 1923 , which remained in use until the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991 . Although it is technically an emblem rather than a coat of arms , since it does not follow traditional heraldic rules , in Russian it is called ( ) , the word used for a traditional coat of arms . It was the first state insignia created in the style known as socialist heraldry , a style also seen in e.g . the Chinese national emblem .
The emblem shows the Soviet emblems of the Hammer and Sickle and the Red Star over a globe , in the center of a wreath wrapped in ribbons emblazoned with the Soviet motto ( `` Workers of the world , unite ! '' ) in the official languages of the Soviet Republics , in the reverse order they were mentioned in the Soviet Constitution . Each Soviet Republic ( SSR ) and Autonomous Soviet Republic ( ASSR ) had its own coat of arms , largely inspired by the state emblem of the Union .
Four versions were used : 6 ribbons were used in 1923 , which were written on in Russian , Ukrainian , Belarusian , Georgian , Armenian , and Azerbaijani ; 11 ribbons with the addition of Turkmen , Uzbek , Tajik , Kazakh , Kyrgyz ; 16 with the addition of Estonian , Latvian , Lithuanian , Moldavian , and Finnish . Finally , the inscriptions in Azerbaijani , Turkmen , Uzbek , Tajik , Kazakh and Kyrgyz were updated to reflect their transition from the Latin to the Cyrillic script . The final version of the emblem was adopted in 1956 with the removal of the Finnish inscription from the insignia , reflecting the 1956 transformation of the Karelo-Finnish SSR into the Karelian ASSR .
In 1992 , the inscription was changed from RSFSR ( `` ) to the Russian Federation ( `` ) in connection with the change of the name of the state . In 1993 , president Boris Yeltsin signed a decree to replace the Communist design by the present coat of arms .
Evolution
See also
Armorial of Russia
Coat of arms of Moscow
Coat of arms of Saint Petersburg
Russian heraldry
Flag of Russia
References
External links
Heraldry of the Russian Empire
The Code of Principal Laws of the Russian Empire ( Свод Основных Государственных Законов , 1906 )
Russia
National symbols of Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Russia
Saint George and the Dragon
Universidad Experimental Politécnica Antonio José de Sucre Vicerectorado Luis Caballero Mejías is a university in Caracas .
External links
`` UNEXPO Luis Caballero Mejías '' Pagina oficial del Vicerrectorado .
Universities and colleges in Caracas
Radix : Beyond the Void is a 2.5D first-person shooter developed by Canadian studio Neural Storm Entertainment and published by Epic MegaGames for MS-DOS in 1995 .
Plot
In the 22nd century , humanity has achieved world peace . The United Earth Space Alliance ( UESA ) was able to fully concentrate on space exploration , and potentially expanding the possibilities of human life civilization beyond the reaches of the solar system .
In the year 2147 , the first civilian ship was launched toward a gigantic asteroid on the outskirts of the solar system to establish a base civilization that could sustain human life . After five months of space travel , they landed safely at the asteroid and successfully established the civilization , named Theta-2 . The second vessel Salvation was launched from Earth shortly after , carrying the ten thousand civilians .
It happened on October 24th , 2148 . Just as the Salvation was reaching the Theta-2 base , the ship encountered a terrifying disturbance in space . Alien ships emerged from a rip in the very fabric of space , dubbed `` The Void '' by UESA , and tore the large ship apart with a giant particle beam ; sealing the fates of ten thousand people on board .
UESA went to level one alert status , and sent a fleet of fighters to combat the alien attack , but their efforts proved to be no match against the alien dreadnought , & all UESA spacecraft was destroyed after a grueling battle .
In a desperate attempt to face the alien threat , the inter-dimensional starfighter Radix was constructed and loaded onto the Defiance battlecruiser , bound for Theta-2 . The Radix was humanity 's last hope for survival .
Episode One : `` Theta-2 '' - The aliens have wiped out all traces of human life from the Theta-2 base , and have begun utilizing UESA technology for their own evil ends . The Radix starfighter must eradicate all alien presence from Theta-2 , and reclaim the base from being overtaken by alien forces .
Episode Two : `` Vengeance '' - While the Radix starfighter successfully thwarted the alien takeover of Theta-2 , the large alien spaceship has since left the area and is now headed for Earth . Radix must penetrate the large alien vessel and stop it at all costs , before it brings mass destruction to Earth .
Episode Three : `` The Void '' - After defeating the large alien ship , the final and deadliest mission remains . The Void , a gateway to the dimension that the aliens call home , remains open . To prevent any future attacks , the Radix pilot must fly into the Void in a desperate effort to stop the alien threat and seal the portal closed , and escape back into this dimension before the Void closes forever .
Gameplay
Radix : Beyond the Void is a first-person shooter which takes place in a zero gravity dimension where the player controls a ship through various environments , with mission objectives that must be completed to advance to the next area . The player is given a debriefing before each level that explains the mission for the level , and explains additional objectives that can be completed for extra points . These objectives usually involve destroying a power generator , destroying or activating a computer terminal , or eradicating alien presence from a vital area .
The game is divided into three episodes . `` Theta-2 '' `` Vengeance '' and `` The Void '' , each with 8 levels , and one hidden bonus level per episode . `` Theta-2 '' was released as a shareware episode .
The Radix ship has three basic health units - armor , shields and energy . The shields protect the ship 's armor , and will take damage from enemy fire or wall collisions . The player loses a life once the ship 's armor is depleted . The player can increase their flying speed either by using a throttle , or by using afterburners to fly at maximum speed . Energy is required for the use of afterburners , as well as certain weapons . The ship 's energy and shields regenerate slowly on their own , but can be refilled to the max by finding a powerup .
The player will encounter a variety of enemy alien ships and fodder that will shoot at the player . Bio-mines will try to detonate on your ship and will do massive damage . Some enemies will shoot missiles , both standard missiles and seeking missiles which will lock onto your ship and follow you .
The Radix ship has a radar scanner , which will display enemy positions in relation to the fighter . There is also a threat indicator , which will light up when an enemy missile has locked onto the ship .
A variety of power-ups can be found in each level , that will help the player fight enemies , increase health , or give the player a certain ability for a limited amount of time . There are seven different types of weapons available to the Radix , with only four available in the first episode . Some weapons require the ship 's energy to use , while others are arsenal-based . Plasma bombs can also be acquired , which will deal massive damage to any enemy visible on the screen when detonated . A single plasma bomb can wipe out an entire room of weaker enemies .
There are various environmental hazards , such as missile walls , teleports , gravitational disturbances that will hinder/alter movement , and moving walls/floors that can damage or kill the player .
After a mission 's primary objective is completed , the player must find their way to the exit door to advance to the next area .
Release
Versions 1.0 and 1.1 use game controls where the player 's ship is always moving forward at a slow speed , and it is not possible to stop or fly backwards .
Version 1.1 was released at the beginning of 1996 , and fixed a few elements , such as tightening navigation controls to make it easier to bank up & down , and also increasing the durability of the ship so as not to take significant damage from minor things like touching a wall . The first two levels of episode 1 were also significantly modified .
The 2.0 `` REMIX '' patch was released in late 1996 , and introduced a number of new features . A few levels were modified , most notably the boss levels . The game controls are significantly reworked - the player 's vehicle will hover in place until any of the separate forward , backward , or strafe controls are used . Afterburners still require energy to use , but can boost speed in any direction . Enemies are much harder to sneak up on , as they will detect the player 's presence once they are within scanner range , regardless of walls or barriers between them . Defeated enemies will leave debris behind . The threat indicator will also light up when standard missiles have been fired by an enemy , as well as seeking missiles . The screen will also flash blue instead of red when a player 's shields take damage , and flash red only when the shields are depleted and their armor takes damage . Version 2.0 also fixes a programming glitch from all previous versions in episode 2 , where if the player finds and completes the hidden level , the game will skip over level 5 completely and go straight to level 6 .
Reception
Jon Mavor , the main programmer of Neural Storm Entertainment , has said the game `` did n't sell well '' and `` did n't really make any money '' .
References
External links
Epic MegaGames page
1995 video games
DOS games
DOS-only games
First-person shooters
Sprite-based first-person shooters
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in Canada
Video games with 2.5D graphics
Bonne mère is a 2021 French drama film directed by Hafsia Herzi . In June 2021 , the film was selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival . At Cannes , it won the Ensemble Prize in the Un Certain Regard section .
Cast
Halima Benhamed as Nora
Sabrina Benhamed as Sabah
Jawed Hannachi Herzi as Jawed
Mourad Tahar Boussatha as Ellyes
Malik Bouchenaf as Amir
Justine Grégory as Muriel
References
External links
2021 films
2021 drama films
2020s French-language films
French drama films
2020s French films
was the third son of Tokugawa Iemitsu . Their mother was Iemitsu 's concubine Onatsu no Kata . Their childhood name was Chomatsu ( 長松 ) . When Iemitsu died in 1651 , they were only 8 years old . After they were given Kofu Domain , they remained there until their death in 1678 .
Family
Father : Tokugawa Iemitsu
Mother : Onatsu no Kata ( 1622-1683 ) later Junshōin
Adopted Mother : Senhime
Wife : Ryusoin ( 1648-1669 ) Daughter of Nijo Mitsuhira
Concubines :
Kogyoku-in ( d.1673 )
Ohara no Kata ( 1637-1664 ) later Choshoin
Sons
Tokugawa Tsunatoyo by Choshoin
Matsudaira Kiyotake ( 1663-1724 ) by Choshoin
Ancestry
References
1644 births
1678 deaths
Tokugawa clan
Roddy Alfredo Pérez Valerio ( October 20 , 1982 . Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) , known professionally as Roddy Pérez is a film and music producer , director , actor and scriptwriter . They are the first Dominican in the history selected to the Berlinale Talents of the Berlin Film Festival , Germany . They are the founder and creator of Videoclip Awards and Dominican Film Market , officially the first film market in the history of the Caribbean Region Film Industry . They won the Press Award in the Dominican Film Festival New York in 2021 , and received an Audience Award in the Dominican Film Festival in 2019 . They won in 2007 as the Iberoamerican Film Producer of The Year in the Morelia Lab of the Morelia International Film Festival ( FICM ) .
In 2019 , Roddy Pérez premiered their first feature film , Héroes de Junio . After ten years of development and investigation , Héroes de Junio became the first Dominican belic feature film with the participation of Cheddy García , Javier Grullón , Fausto Rojas , Claudette Lalí , Mario Peguero , Maurizio Alberino and Vlad Sosa , along with the support of Programa Ibermedia .
In the music industry , as a producer and an artist , Roddy Pérez uses the nickname of Elephant Universe with three albums produced in their repertoire . Station Me is the latter in collaboration with the american artist Taisha . In 2021 , Roddy Pérez published their first book .
Filmography
References
CEI-RD June , 2014. http : //www.cei-rd.gov.do/ceird/informativodisplay.aspx ? id=797
Diario Libre July , 2014. http : //www.diariolibre.com/cine/2014/07/31/i725521_celebrarn-primer-mercado-cinematogrfico-repblica-dominicana.html
IMDb profile https : //www.imdb.com/company/co0493578/
https : //filmfreeway.com/festival/DominicanFilmMarket
https : //www.diariolibre.com/revista/cine/roddy-perez-group-con-seis-peliculas-para-el-2022-AJ30284499
https : //www.berlinale-talents.de/bt/talent/roddya-perez/profile
https : //listindiario.com/entretenimiento/2019/07/18/574462/roddy-perez-estrena-hoy-su-nueva-apuesta-al-cine ? platform=hootsuite
https : //www.diariolibre.com/videos/roddy-perez-director-del-filme-heroes-de-junio-la-historia-prohibida-FC13446210
https : //www.elcaribe.com.do/sin-categoria/mas-200-videos-clips-estrenaron-este-ano/
https : //hoy.com.do/los-heroes-de-junio-a-la-pantalla-grande/
External links
https : //www.instagram.com/roddyperezoficial/
https : //www.instagram.com/roddyperezgroup/
https : //www.instagram.com/audiovisualdominicana/
Official Website
http : //www.roddyperez.com
Living people
1982 births
Dominican Republic film directors
Dominican Republic male writers
Dominican Republic film producers
Dominican Republic people of French descent
Dominican Republic people of Italian descent
Dominican Republic people of Spanish descent
Dominican Republic people of Taíno descent
Nicholas Longworth II ( June 16 , 1844 – January 18 , 1890 ) was a lawyer from a prominent Cincinnati , Ohio family who served on the Ohio Supreme Court .
Biography
Nicholas Longworth II was born June 16 , 1844 in Cincinnati to Joseph and Anna Rives Longworth . Joseph Longworth was the only son of Nicholas Longworth , a lawyer , winemaker and land speculator , who came to Cincinnati in 1804 , and for the year 1850 had a tax bill of $ 17,000 , second only to John Jacob Astor in the United States . Anna Rives was the niece of William Cabell Rives .
Longworth was educated at the public schools in Cincinnati , and graduated from Harvard University in 1866 with high honors . They then studied law under their uncle , ( his mother 's brother-in-law ) , Rufus King at the Cincinnati Law School , and was admitted to the bar in 1869 . They had a partnership with their cousin , Edward L. Anderson , which dissolved in 1871 . From 1871 to 1877 they practiced with King Thompson and Longworth .
In 1876 , Longworth was elected to the Common Pleas Court of Hamilton County for a five-year term . On October 11 , 1881 they were elected on the Republican ticket to the Ohio Supreme Court . On November 9 , 1881 , Washington W. Boynton resigned their seat three months before the end of their term due to ill health and meager salary , and Longworth was seated on that day . Their term was scheduled to end February , 1887 .
Longworth resigned from the court March 9 , 1883 , due to the failing health of their father , and the need to look after their estate . They formed a short-live legal partnership with Thomas McDougall , which dissolved upon their father 's death late in 1883 . They managed the business affairs of the estate , and travelled extensively . They also translated Electra from Greek , and had two stories published in 1889 . They also had a steam yacht , the C.O. , on the Ohio River , and raced yachts on Lake Erie .
Longworth died of pneumonia at Rookwood , their estate on Mount Adams , on January 18 , 1890 , and was buried at Spring Grove Cemetery . They were married on October 2 , or 3 , 1869 to Susan Walker . They were the daughter of the late Timothy Walker , one of the founders and Dean of the Cincinnati Law School . They had three children , Nicholas , born November 5 , 1869 , Annie Rives , born December 10 , 1870 , and Clara , born October 17 , 1873 .
Publications
See also
Longworth family
Nicholas Longworth - their son , Speaker of the US House
Nicholas Longworth ( 1783-1863 ) - their grandfather
Maria Longworth Nichols Storer - their sister
Timothy Walker ( judge ) - their father-in-law
Clara Longworth de Chambrun - their daughter
References
1844 births
1890 deaths
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Harvard University alumni
Ohio Republicans
Justices of the Ohio Supreme Court
Ohio state court judges
Politicians from Cincinnati
University of Cincinnati College of Law alumni
19th-century American judges
Longworth family
Reverend Louis or Lewis Morris Pease ( August 25 , 1818 – May 30 , 1897 ) was an American Methodist clergyman , educator and prominent reformer during the mid-to late 19th century . They founded the Five Points Mission and later the Five Points House of Industry , established in New York City 's infamous Five Points district , which provided religious teaching and work for the area 's predominantly working-class Irish Catholics .
Biography
Born to Philo Pease and Polly Orton in Lisle , New York on August 25 , 1818 , Lewis Morris Pease joined the New York Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church and was ordained an elder in 1845 . They had originally been commissioned by the Methodist Conference of 1850 to establish a mission in order to reform the area , efforts towards this having been attempted as early as the 1830s , and was able to do so under the supervision of the Ladies ' Home Missionary Society that spring .
Upon arriving in the Five Points , they and their wife made their home in a room on Cross Street , near the Old Brewery , and opened their mission . The Ladies ' Home Missionary Society believed that the mission 's primary purpose was to preach the gospel , provide religious services and bring in converts for the Methodists , which Pease did for several months , however they eventually came to the conclusion that rehabilitation could more likely be achieved by providing education and employment to those who , without other alternatives , would likely turn to crime in order to survive .
In spite of their humanitarian efforts , Pease was dismissed by Ladies ' Home Missionary Society within a year . This was prompted when a group a ladies from the society came to visit Pease and learned that they had not preached a sermon in two days having been `` too busy carting great loads of cloth from the manufacturing houses in Broadway to their Five Points workrooms '' . They were replaced by evangelist Rev . John Luckey and the society publicly criticized their work in the area . In 1854 , the society published a book on the history of the Methodist mission in the Five Points , The Old Brewery , in which Pease received no mention with exception to a brief reference to `` our first missionary '' . Pease and their wife refused to leave the Five Points and instead opened a nondenominational mission .
After the falling out between them and the society , Pease and their wife leased several buildings and established the Five Points House . Schools for children and adults were held and , supervised by Pease and their wife , workrooms were opened in which material was received from local clothing manufacturers to be made into cheap garments . Their reputation and success grew and other reformers joined their cause . They also received generous donations from wealthy and prominent New Yorkers . The Five Points House of Industry was founded in 1854 and organized under a Board of Trustees with Pease elected as a member . They held the position of superintendent for eight years . Its first building , a commodious home , was erected in Anthony Street two years later and , in 1864 , the old tenements in Cow Bay were purchased and torn down to build a larger mission house . They and their wife later retired to a farm in Westchester , New York which was owned by the Five Points House of Industry and which taught farming and agricultural methods .
In 1870 , Pease left New York and settled in Asheville , North Carolina where they spent the next thirty years dedicated to providing education to poor and disadvantaged children . They founded the Pease Industrial School and the Normal & Collegiate School for white girls , the Boys Industrial and Farm School for white boys , and the Colored Industrial School for negro boys and girls . Pease died in Asheville on the night of May 30 , 1897 .
References
Further reading
Anbinder , Tyler . Five Points : The 19th-century New York City Neighborhood that Invented Tap Dance , Stole Elections , and Became the World 's Most Notorious Slum . New York : Simon and Schuster , 2001 .
Riis , Jacob A . How the Other Half Lives : Studies Among the Tenements of New York . New York : Charles Scribner 's Sons , 1890 .
1818 births
1897 deaths
Methodists from New York ( state )
People from Asheville , North Carolina
People from Lisle , New York
People from Westchester County , New York
The 164th New York State Legislature , consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly , met from January 6 , 1943 , to October 30 , 1944 , during the first and second years of Thomas E. Dewey 's governorship , in Albany .
Background
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution of 1894 , re-apportioned in 1917 , and amended in 1937 , 51 Senators and 150 assemblymen were elected in single-seat districts for two-year terms . The senatorial districts consisted either of one or more entire counties ; or a contiguous area within a single county . The counties which were divided into more than one senatorial district were New York ( nine districts ) , Kings ( eight ) , Bronx ( three ) , Erie ( three ) , Monroe ( two ) , Queens ( two ) and Westchester ( two ) . The Assembly districts were made up of contiguous area , all within the same county .
At this time there were two major political parties : the Republican Party and the Democratic Party . The American Labor Party , the Communist Party , the Socialist Party and the Socialist Labor Party ( running under the name of `` Industrial Government Party '' ) also nominated tickets .
Elections
The New York state election , 1942 , was held on November 3 . Thomas E. Dewey and Thomas W. Wallace were elected Governor and Lieutenant Governor , both Republicans . Of the other four statewide elective offices , three were also carried by Republicans , and one by a Democrat with American Labor endorsement . The approximate party strength at this election , as expressed by the vote for Governor , was : Republicans 2,149,000 ; Democrats 1,501,000 ; American Labor 404,000 ; Communists 45,000 ; Socialists 22,000 ; and Industrial Government 3,500 .
All four women legislators—State Senator Rhoda Fox Graves ( Rep. ) , of Gouverneur ; and Assemblywomen Jane H. Todd ( Rep. ) , of Tarrytown ; Edith C. Cheney ( Rep. ) , of Corning ; and Mary A. Gillen ( Dem . ) , of Brooklyn—were re-elected .
Lt. Gov . Thomas W. Wallace died on July 17 , 1943 .
The New York state election , 1943 , was held on November 2 . Temporary President of the State Senate Joe R. Hanley ( Rep. ) was elected Lieutenant Governor ; and Thomas D. Thacher ( Rep. ) was elected unopposed to succeed themselves as Judge of the New York Court of Appeals . Two vacancies in the State Senate and seven vacancies in the Assembly were filled .
Sessions
The Legislature met for the first regular session ( the 166th ) at the State Capitol in Albany on January 6 , 1943 ; and adjourned on March 26 .
Oswald D. Heck ( Rep. ) was re-elected Speaker .
Joe R. Hanley ( Rep. ) was re-elected Temporary President of the State Senate .
The Legislature finally re-apportioned the Senate and Assembly districts . Re-apportionment was overdue since the figures of the 1925 state census had been published , but the Assembly , the Senate and the Governor had been at odds over the question ever since . Now , for the first time since then , both Houses of the Legislature had majorities of the same party of which the Governor was a member , all Republican . The Re-Apportionment Bill was introduced in the Legislature on March 8 ; and signed by Gov . Dewey on April 8 . The re-apportionment was contested in the courts by the Democrats , but was upheld unanimously by the New York Court of Appeals on November 18 , 1943 .
The total number of state senators was increased to 56 . Chautauqua , Dutchess , Monroe , Oneida , Rensselaer , St. Lawrence , Schenectady and Steuben counties lost one Assembly seat each ; and New York County lost seven seats . Kings and Westchester counties gained one seat each ; Nassau County gained two ; Bronx County gained five ; and Queens County gained six seats .
The Legislature met for the second regular session ( the 167th ) at the State Capitol in Albany on January 5 , 1944 ; and adjourned on March 18 .
Benjamin F. Feinberg ( Rep. ) was elected Temporary President of the State Senate .
The Legislature met for a special session at the State Capitol in Albany on October 30 , 1944 . This session was held to enact an extension of the voting time on the next election day , and to increase the pay for election workers .
State Senate
Districts
Members
The asterisk ( * ) denotes members of the previous Legislature who continued in office as members of this Legislature . Floyd E. Anderson changed from the Assembly to the Senate at the beginning of this Legislature . Assemblymen John V. Downey and James A. Corcoran were elected to fill vacancies in the Senate .
Note : For brevity , the chairpersonships omit the words `` ... the Committee on ( the ) ... ''
Employees
Clerk : William S. King
Assistant Clerk : Fred J. Slater , died on August 20 , 1943
State Assembly
Assemblymen
Note : For brevity , the chairpersonships omit the words `` ... the Committee on ( the ) ... ''
Employees
Clerk : Ansley B. Borkowski
Notes
Sources
You and the Legislature in The State Employee ( January 1943 , Vol . 12 , No . 1 , pg . 24 , 25 and 34 )
Members of the New York Senate ( 1940s ) at Political Graveyard
Members of the New York Assembly ( 1940s ) at Political Graveyard
LEGISLATIVE MIRROR , weekly newsletter by Assemblyman Wheeler Milmoe , in the Madison County Leader , of Morrisville , on January 20 , 1944
164
1943 in New York ( state )
1944 in New York ( state )
1943 U.S. legislative sessions
1944 U.S. legislative sessions
Cuyen ( ; 1580 – 14 October 1615 ) was a Manchu prince and eldest son of the Later Jin ruler Nurhaci , the early patriarch of the Qing dynasty . An accomplished warrior , Cuyen was instrumental in the consolidation of Nurhaci 's authority among rival Jurchen clans . They also served as the primary civil administrator for intermittent periods in the regime founded by Nurhaci . However , they eventually lost favour with their father because they tried to cast sorcery spells against other princes . They were placed in solitary confinement and died in captivity a few years later .
Early life
Cuyen was born in 1580 , somewhere in the present-day Jilin province in northeastern China , to a prominent family of Jianzhou Jurchens . They are the grandson of Taksi and eldest son of Nurhaci , who at the time was just beginning to rise to prominence in the Jurchen tribe they belonged . Cuyen 's mother was Hahana Jacing of the Tunggiya clan , Nurhaci 's primary wife , who also gave birth to the prince Daišan .
Cuyen was an able warrior , and spent much of their youth assisting their father in consolidating power in the Manchuria region . Theirs fought in their first major battle against the Anculakit , a rival Jurchen tribe , in 1598 , when they were merely 18 years old . When they returned victorious from the field , their father Nurhaci bestowed upon them high honours , granting them the title of Hung Baturu . This later led to some Chinese accounts to refer to Cuyen by the nickname Hong Batu ( roughly , `` red guy grasping a rabbit '' ) .
Military campaigns
Cuyen 's next major expedition was sometime around 1608 . They and their brother Daišan stormed the town of Fio Hoton ( belonging to present-day Sanjiazi Manchu Village , Hunchun , Yanbian ) in an attempt to complete the resettlement of another Jurchen tribe who was said to be suffering oppression from the Ula clan , a strategic rival to Nurhaci . However , this put Cuyen at odds with their uncle Šurhaci , a younger brother of Nurhaci , whose daughters had married men from the Ula clan and who had , presumably , wanted to leverage this alliance with Ula to challenge Nurhaci politically . Cuyen again went to war against Ula several years later and took a mountain fortress in the process .
Nurhaci had named Cuyen their heir apparent sometime during Cuyen 's youth , and by the early 1600s , Cuyen held significant political authority , especially during periods when their father left the Jurchen capital for military excursions to outlying areas . However , Cuyen 's involvement in civil and administrative affairs evoked jealousy and resentment from their brothers and other prominent princes that comprised the elite Jurchen inner circle . Eventually several of their brothers and male cousins petitioned Nurhaci to complain about Cuyen 's behavior . Chief among the grievances was the unequal distribution of loot from battle and Cuyen 's supposed propensity to grant large holdings for himself . In response , Nurhaci reprimanded Cuyen and implored them to be more magnanimous towards their brothers .
Downfall
In 1612 , when Nurhaci left on another military campaign against the Ula , they gave Daišan an especially prominent role at court to `` assist '' Cuyen while the latter was serving as a de facto chief administrator in the Jurchen capital . In practice , Daišan acted as a check on Cuyen who had at this point lost the confidence of their father . Nurhaci had realized at some point that it was no longer tenable to give Cuyen a special position without alienating other princes who had served with equal levels of distinction and merit . Possibly as a result of Cuyen 's own incompetence at balancing the interests of the princes at court , Nurhaci had , in their later years , shown a preference towards governing by consensus of the 'roundtable ' of princes instead of giving primacy to one prince .
During the 1612 Ula campaign , it was said that Cuyen had attempted using sorcery to curse the other princes , seemingly in an attempt to enhance their own position . This turned out to be the final straw . Infuriated by the fact that Cuyen did not heed lessons from the past and continued to engage in hostilities against other princes , Nurhaci sentenced Cuyen to solitary confinement . They died in captivity two years later . Their official biography stated that they were executed by Nurhaci , though the true circumstances of their death was not clear . An unconfirmed Ming dynasty account apparently believed that Cuyen counseled against incursions into Ming territory in China proper , thereby incurring the wrath of Nurhaci . However , this version is not supported by evidence .
Title and inheritance
Cuyen was created a beile before 1598 . They were posthumously granted the title Crown Prince Guanglue ( 廣略太子 ) . It is not clear why Cuyen was granted a great title despite having fallen out with their father . The title was changed to Beile Guanglue ( 廣略貝勒 ) during the reign of Nurhaci 's son and successor , Huangtaiji . Eventually the title beile was standardized to a `` third-grade prince '' . The title was successively downgraded in later generations . Their descendants were a largely unremarkable branch of the Aisin Gioro clan ; some became minor officials .
Family
First wife , of the Gorolo clan ( 嫡夫人 郭絡羅氏 )
Dudu , Prince Anping of the Third Rank ( 安平貝勒 杜度 ; 6 November 1597 – 3 July 1642 ) , first son
Guohuan ( 國歡 ; 18 March 1598 – 30 April 1624 ) , second son
Second wife , of the Yehe Nara clan ( 繼夫人 葉赫那拉氏 )
First daughter ( 19 July 1601 – April/May 1670 )
Married Fiongdon ( 費英東 ; 1562–1620 ) of the Manchu Gūwalgiya clan in December 1614 or January 1615
Second daughter ( 1603–1623 )
Third daughter ( 1606–1673 )
Nikan , Prince Jingjinzhuang of the First Rank ( 敬謹莊親王 尼堪 ; 1 July 1610 – 23 December 1652 ) , third son
Ancestry
See also
Royal and noble ranks of the Qing dynasty
Ranks of imperial consorts in China # Qing
References
1580 births
1615 deaths
17th-century executions by China
Executed Qing dynasty people
Manchu politicians
People executed by the Qing dynasty
Nurhaci 's sons
Heirs apparent who never acceded
Jurchens in Ming dynasty
Baron Inglewood , of Hutton in the Forest in the County of Cumberland , is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
It was created on 30 June 1964 for the Conservative politician William Fletcher-Vane . They were the son of Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon . William Lyonel Vane , younger brother of Henry Vane , 9th Baron Barnard , who had succeeded to the barony of Barnard in 1891 on the death of their distant relative Harry Powlett , 4th Duke of Cleveland and 8th Baron Barnard . William Lyonel Vane and their brother , the ninth Baron Barnard , were both great-great-grandsons of Hon . Morgan Vane , younger son of Gilbert Vane , 2nd Baron Barnard , whose eldest son , the third Baron , was created Earl of Darlington , and from whom the Dukes of Cleveland descended .
The family seat is Hutton in the Forest , near Penrith , Cumbria . The title and the name of the house refer to the ancient Royal Forest of Inglewood .
the title is held by their eldest son , the second Baron , who succeeded in 1989 . They are also a Conservative politician and one of the ninety elected hereditary peers that remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999 . Created in 1964 , the barony of Inglewood is one of the last hereditary baronies created in the Peerage of the United Kingdom .
Barons Inglewood ( 1964 )
William Morgan Fletcher-Vane , 1st Baron Inglewood ( 1909–1989 )
William Richard Fletcher-Vane , 2nd Baron Inglewood ( b . 1951 )
The heir apparent is the present holder 's son , the Hon . Henry William Frederick Fletcher-Vane ( b . 1990 )
See also
Fletcher-Vane baronets
Baron Barnard
Duke of Cleveland
Viscount Vane
Vane-Tempest baronets
References
Kidd , Charles , Williamson , David ( editors ) . Debrett 's Peerage and Baronetage ( 1990 edition ) . New York : St Martin 's Press , 1990 .
Baronies in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Noble titles created in 1964
Noble titles created for UK MPs
Vane family
Inglewood Forest
Humblot 's sunbird ( Cinnyris humbloti ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae . It is endemic to the islands of Grand Comoro and Mohéli in the Comoros .
Description
The adult male Humblot 's sunbird has green upperparts with a dark or gold gloss . In the nominate subspecies the throat and upper breast are glossy green with a red lower breast , in the subspecies from Mohéli the upperparts are duller and the throat and upper breast are glossed with purple . It has yellow and the lower breast and belly are yellowish green . The adult female is olive green above , greyer on the head with a brighter rump and greyer underparts with dark spots and streaks , has a white tip to the tail and pectoral tufts . They are 11 cm in length and the male weights 5.5–7g , the female 5.5–8g .
Voice
The song of Humblot 's sunbird consists of a series of chipping notes , which are mixed up . Alarm and contact calls are a harsh scolding “ tssk , tssk ” .
Distribution and habitat
Humblot 's sunbird is endemic to Grand Comoro and Moheli in the Comoros . It is found in forest , gardens and scrub from sea level to 790m above sea level .
Habits
Humblot 's sunbird feeds by gleaning and hover gleaning insects from the leaf tips of the fronds of the coconut palm . It is known to sip nectar from Cocos nucifera , Cussonia spp , Eucalyptus and Impatiens spp . The nest is made of fine grass , covered with moss and lined with milkweed strands and attached to with moss to a branch . Laying is in August and September .
Subspecies
There are two subspecies :
Cinnyris humbloti humbloti A. Milne-Edwards & Oustalet , 1885 : Grand Comoro , in Comoro Is .
Cinnyris humbloti mohelicus Stresemann & Grote , 1926 : Mohéli
Etymology
The scientific name commemorates the French naturalist Léon Humblot .
References
Humblot 's sunbird
Endemic birds of Comoros
Humblot 's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Padborg Park is a motor racing circuit in Padborg , Denmark . The circuit opened in 2003 on the site of an airfield . The circuit regularly hosted rounds of the Danish Touringcar Championship ( DTC ) and is used daily for testing and track days .
References
External links
Motorsport venues in Denmark
Hurezani is a commune in Gorj County , Oltenia , Romania . It is composed of five villages : Busuioci , Hurezani , Pegeni , Plopu and Totea de Hurezani .
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Soleiman Mirza Eskandari ( ; 1875 – 7 January 1944 ) was an Iranian Qajar prince , and Socialist politician . A civil servant and constitutionalist activist , they served as a member of parliament for four consecutive terms and briefly served as the education minister ( maʿāref ) . During their career , Eskandari was associated with Democrat , Socialist and Tudeh parties .
References
1875 births
1944 deaths
Democrat Party ( Persia ) politicians
Socialist Party ( Iran ) politicians
Heads of Tudeh Party of Iran
Members of the 2nd Iranian Majlis
Members of the 3rd Iranian Majlis
Members of the 4th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 5th Iranian Majlis
Deputies of Tehran for National Consultative Assembly
Education ministers
Qajar princes
The S2 8.0 A is an American trailerable sailboat that was designed by Arthur Edmunds and Leon Slikkers as a cruiser and first built in 1974 . The designation indicates the approximate length overall in meters .
The S2 8.0 A was the first of three 8.0-designated designs that all use the same hull , but different decks . The 8.0 A was replaced by the S2 8.0 B in 1976 , which has a longer cabin coach house . The 1975 S2 8.0 C model has a center cockpit . The 8.0 A was initially marketed as the `` 8.0 Sloop '' and was later known as the 8.0 A to avoid confusion with the later models that replaced it in production .
Production
The design was built by S2 Yachts in Holland , Michigan , United States from 1974 until 1975 , with 40 boats completed , but it is now out of production .
Design
The S2 8.0 A is a recreational keelboat , built predominantly of fiberglass . It has a masthead sloop rig , a raked stem , a plumb transom , an internally mounted spade-type rudder controlled by a tiller and a fixed shoal draft fin keel or optional deep draft fin keel . It displaces and carries of lead ballast .
The boat has a draft of with the standard shoal draft keel and with the optional deep draft keel .
The boat is fitted with a Universal Atomic 4 gasoline engine for docking and maneuvering . The fuel tank holds .
The design has sleeping accommodation for four people , with a double `` V '' -berth in the bow cabin and a straight settee in the main cabin on the port side that opens into a double berth . The main cabin also has a folding table that hinges down from a cabin bulkhead . The galley is located on the starboard side , just forward of the companionway ladder . The galley is `` L '' -shaped and is equipped with a two-burner stove , an ice box and a sink . The head is located just aft of the bow cabin on the port side .
The design has a hull speed of .
Operational history
In a 1976 review in Boating magazine Dick Rath and John Schieffelin wrote , `` In appearance , the S2 8.0 Meter takes a little getting used to—she is both sleek and stout looking . In order to achieve standing headroom below , Edmunds and S2 had to give them startlingly high freeboard , plus a prominent trunk cabin . But the wallsided effect is softened considerably through the use of a double cove stripe , and the height of the trunk cabin is disguised by its modern , curving , bubble shape that flows into the cockpit coamings . Them rig adds a touch of the racing sailboat to her—quite tall , with a small mainsail , large foretriangle , and black anodized spars , it shows an IOR influence . With their pleasingly curved sheer , aggressively raked bow , and chopped-off stern , the S2 8.0 Meter looks rather racy and contemporary for an out-and-out cruising boat . ''
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
Keelboats
1970s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat type designs by Leon Slikkers
Sailboat type designs by Arthur Edmunds
Sailboat types built by S2 Yachts
Angeliki-Melina Emmanouilidou ( ; born September 18 , 1994 in Korinthos , Greece ) is a female professional volleyball player from Greece , who is a member of the Greece women 's national volleyball team . At club level , they play in Hellenic Volley League for Greek powerhouse Olympiacos Piraeus .
Sporting achievements
European Honours
CEV Women 's Challenge Cup
Runner-up : 2017 with Olympiacos S.F . Piraeus
National championships
2015/2016 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos S.F . Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos S.F . Piraeus
National cups
2015/2016 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos S.F . Piraeus
2016/2017 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos S.F . Piraeus
References
External links
profile at CEV web site cev.eu
profile - clubs - titles at volleybox.net
profile at greekvolley.gr
Olympiacos Women 's Volleyball team roster at CEV web site
Emmanouilidou in A.O . Thira sport24.gr ( in Greek )
1994 births
Living people
Olympiacos Women 's Volleyball players
Greek women 's volleyball players
Sportspeople from Corinth
Jess Sayer is a New Zealand actor and playwright . In 2015 , they won the Bruce Mason Playwriting Award , and in 2020 , they won the Adam NZ Play Award .
Biography
Sayer attended Kamo High School in Whangārei , New Zealand . After high school they began a degree in communications and journalism . They later became interested in theatre and moved into studying drama at The Actors ' Program , graduating in 2012 .
Sayer has appeared in the television soap opera Shortland Street as nurse Maeve Mullins , Filthy Rich , Dirty Laundry and the drama Runaway Millionaires . In 2016 , they both wrote and acted in the web-only series Auckward Love , for TVNZ . In 2019 , they appeared in the play Mr Red Light at Auckland 's Aotea Centre .
As a playwright , Sayer has won the Playmarket B4 25 competition three times and has been shortlisted for the Adam NZ Play Award twice . In 2015 , aged 25 , they won the Bruce Mason Playwriting Award . In 2019 they were nominated for three New Zealand Writers ' Guild awards ( SWANZ ) . In 2020 , they won the Adam NZ Play Award .
In July 2021 , Sayer 's pug , Bruce , made its debut on Shortland Street .
References
People educated at Kamo High School
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century New Zealand actores
21st-century New Zealand dramatists and playwrights
New Zealand women dramatists and playwrights
New Zealand lesbian actores
LGBT actors from New Zealand
LGBT writers from New Zealand
Lesbian writers
LGBT dramatists and playwrights
This is a list of the largest cities and towns of England ordered by population at various points during history . Until the first modern census was conducted in 1801 there was no centrally conducted method of determining the populations of England 's settlements at any one time , and so data has to be used from a number of other historical surveys . The lists below are derived from the best available data and the ordering is in many cases only approximate .
Iron Age
The first settlements that can genuinely be considered urban appear in the 1st century BC , and are known to archaeologists as oppida . Generally these oppida became the main urban centres of the various tribal divisions used under the Romans . Certain examples include Colchester , St Albans , Silchester , Winchester , and Canterbury , however there may have been many others , such as Dorchester . Their distribution is limited to the south of the country . Estimating the populations of these oppida is fraught with difficulty by the nature of the evidence , and as such no precise hierarchy has yet been established ; however it is generally agreed that by the time of the Roman conquest Colchester was probably the largest , perhaps followed by Silchester .
Roman era
When the Romans invaded in AD 43 , their key strategic target was the oppidum at Colchester , the capital of the powerful Catuvellauni . Many of the oppida in the south were simply converted over time into Roman towns . However , the Romans were the first to establish urban settlements outside the southeast . How deliberate this process was is open to debate : many towns grew up of their own accord around major army forts , such as at Caerleon or Exeter ; these were known as vici . London is something of an exception ; it seems to have developed out of a trading colony , and eventually came to eclipse even Colchester in terms of population and importance thanks to its command of the Thames commercial axis . There was no significant Iron Age oppidum in this area . It is again difficult to establish a hierarchy , as direct population records are lacking for this period . The largest city however at least by the second century was London , perhaps followed by Winchester , York and Lincoln .
Anglo-Saxon England
Urban sites were on the decline from the late Roman period and remained of very minor importance until around the 9th century . The largest cities in later Anglo-Saxon England however were Winchester , London and York , in that order , although London had eclipsed Winchester by the 11th century . Details of population size are however lacking .
Norman conquest
The Norman conquest of 1066 changed the demographics of England significantly , with many settlements having been destroyed by the invading army . In 1086 , William the Conqueror ordered the creation of the Domesday Book , a systematic survey of the kingdom of England . Over 100 settlements were classified as `` borough '' status and the number of houses or burgesses were counted . Nonetheless , it is not possible to be sure of the exact population of any settlement and the table below is ordered by the recorded number of houses . London was comfortably the largest borough in England and has remained so ever since , though was not included in the Domesday survey , nor were Winchester , Bristol or Tamworth and so their exact size must be estimated .
Medieval England
By the start of the 14th century the structure of most English towns had changed considerably since the Norman conquest . A number of towns were granted market status and had grown around local trades . Also notable is the reduction in importance of Winchester , the Anglo-Saxon capital city of Wessex .
Although not a direct measure of population , the lay subsidy rolls of 1334 can be used as a measure of both a settlement 's size and stature and the table gives the 30 largest towns and cities in England according to that report . The lay subsidy , an early form of poll tax , however , omitted a sizeable proportion of the population .
In 1377 the first true poll tax was levied in which everyone over the age of 14 who was not exempt was required to pay a groat to the Crown . The records taken listed the name and location of everyone who paid the tax and so give an excellent measure of the population at the time , although assumptions need to be made about the proportion of the population who were under 14 , generally taken to be around a third .
No strong information for population exists for the 15th century , with most modern estimates relying on analyses of baptism records . For the 16th century , the lay subsidy returns of 1523-1527 once again provide an excellent measure of households and adult population from which the overall populations can be estimated . The table shows the prosperity of East Anglia , principally due to the wool trade , accounting for eleven of the top thirty ( whereas only one , Norwich , makes the top thirty largest towns and cities today ) .
All population values given in each of the tables below must therefore be taken as an estimate .
Rankings by year
17th/18th century
The 17th and 18th centuries proved a low point for Britain 's demography with no major structured survey of the nation 's populations . The best estimate from this period is obtained from the hearth tax of 1662 , which formed a survey of the number of hearths in each home . As with the Domesday survey , this did not form a direct measure of population but can be extrapolated to provide an estimate of the population of a town . The 1662 table gives the approximate order of the towns of the time from the survey . Most notable from a modern viewpoint is the fact that Manchester , Birmingham , Leeds , Liverpool and Sheffield do not make the top thirty , whereas within around 100 years they would become England 's largest provincial cities . The 1750 table is again formed from estimates .
Rankings by year
19th century
The Census Act 1800 resulted in Great Britain 's first modern Census a year later , and other than 1941 a census has been taken every ten years since . The resulting populations of England 's towns and cities clearly shows the effect of the Industrial Revolution on the urban population , particularly in the growth of the cities of the north and north-west . The data in the tables are taken from the censuses .
Rankings by year
20th century
Measurement of the population of England 's towns and cities during the 20th century is complicated by determining what forms a separate `` town '' and where its exact boundaries lie , with boundaries often being moved . The lists are those of the constituent towns and cities , as opposed to those of the district or conurbation . For example , Salford is measured separately to Manchester , and Gateshead to Newcastle . The only exception to this is London for which the measure is that of Greater London . See English cities by population for further discussion .
Rankings by years
References
See also
List of towns and cities in England by population
Demography of England - for the population of England at various points in history .
Cities
Population
Economic history of England
English history-related lists
Cities
England
Sizzle may refer to :
People
Young Sizzle , an American rapper
Arts , entertainment , and media
Sizzle ( 1981 film ) , a 1981 American TV movie
Sizzle ( 2008 film ) , a feature documentary about global warming
Sizzle ( album ) , an album by Sam Rivers
Sizzle ( Transformers ) , the name of some Transformers series characters
Frizzle Sizzle , a Dutch teenage girl group of the 1980s
Other uses
Sizzle ( selector engine ) , an open source selector engine for the JavaScript library jQuery
`` All sizzle and no steak '' , an idiom referring to a thing or person which fails to measure up to its description or advanced promotion
Cincinnati Sizzle , an American football team
Sizzle cymbal , a cymbal to which rivets , chains or other rattles have been added to modify the sound
See also
Sizzler ( disambiguation )
Taylor Swift , referred to affectionately by some as `` T-Swizzle ''
A skyway is a suspended covered walkway between buildings .
Skyway may also refer to :
In air travel , a flight path common to many airline flights
Minneapolis Skyway System , an interlinked collection of enclosed pedestrian footbridges
Skyways Limited , a post-war British airline which became Skyways International in 1971
Skyway Airlines based in Wisconsin , US
SkyWay Charity based in Hackney , London , UK
Skyway Enterprises , an airline based in Florida , US
Skyways ( Swedish airline ) , regional airline based in Stockholm , Sweden
Bryn Mawr-Skyway , Washington , an unincorporated area of King County in western Washington state
SkyWay Group , а group of companies claiming the invention of a new elevated light rail technology
A skyway , like an aerial tram or other suspended-carriage system :
The Jacksonville Skyway in Jacksonville , Florida , a tram ( people mover )
Skyway ( Disney ) in major Disney theme parks , closed in the 1990s
Skyway ( George Bush Intercontinental Airport )
A skyway , a high road bridge or an elevated highway :
Buffalo Skyway
Burlington Bay James N. Allan Skyway
Cape Fear Skyway
Chicago Skyway
Garden City Skyway
Skyway ( Metro Manila )
Pulaski Skyway
Sunshine Skyway
San Francisco Skyway
Veterans ' Glass City Skyway
Skyway , a highway connecting Chico , California and Paradise , California
Skyways ( TV series ) , an Australian television series set at an airport
`` Skyway '' , song by The Replacements from the album Pleased to Meet Me
Skyway ( film ) , a 1933 American film directed by Lewis D. Collins
Skyway ( album ) , a 1980 album by Skyy
See also
Footbridge
Pedway
Skybridge ( disambiguation )
Flyway ( disambiguation )
Airway ( disambiguation )
The Aston Martin Valkyrie ( also known by its code-names as AM-RB 001 and Nebula ) is a limited production hybrid sports car collaboratively built by British automobile manufacturers Aston Martin , Red Bull Racing Advanced Technologies and several others .
The sports car is a product of collaboration between Aston Martin and Red Bull Racing to develop a track-oriented car entirely usable and enjoyable as a road car , conceived by Adrian Newey , Dr Andy Palmer , Christian Horner and Simon Spoule . The car 's makers claim the title of fastest street-legal car in the world for it . Adrian Newey , Red Bull Racing 's Chief Technical Officer and the world 's most successful F1 designer aided in the design of the car .
Its main competitors are the Mercedes-AMG ONE and the Gordon Murray Automotive T.50 . The start of the 2019 Formula One British Grand Prix , the car made a lap of the Silverstone circuit for the first time .
Aston Martin also announced a spider variant ; only 85 will be produced . Production is expected to begin in 2023 for the spider variant .
Nomenclature
The original codename was Nebula , an acronym for Newey , Red Bull and Aston Martin . The name AM-RB 001 was chosen as the final codename , and was decided since Aston Martin and Red Bull Racing had collaborated all throughout the project . AM stands for Aston Martin , and RB stands for Red Bull . 001 may be a possible reference to it being the first production car the two have collaborated on .
In March 2017 , Aston Martin revealed that the car would be named Valkyrie , after the Norse mythological figures who guide the souls of Nordic soldiers fallen on the battlefield , leading them in one of two paths , choosing one half going to Odin 's Valhalla , and one half going to Goddess Freyja 's afterlife Fólkvangr . According to Red Bull , the name was chosen to continue the tradition of `` V '' nomenclature of Aston Martin 's automobiles and to distinguish the vehicle as a high-performance car ( the `` V '' was used as the distinguishing factor ) .. The Aston Martin Valhalla , which is known as `` Son of Valkyrie '' , likewise has its origin in Norse Mythology , with the Gods Hall ( home to King of the Gods and Supreme God Odin Allfather ) bearing the name Valhalla .
Design
Exterior
A show car was initially unveiled to the public in order to give the public an idea of its design . The design was nearly finished at the time in a near-production-ready form .
The exterior of the car is extremely aerodynamic for a sports car , with an extensively open underfloor , that works on the principle of the Venturi effect , that can fit an entire person , and is capable of producing of downforce at high speed . Gaps on top of the car ( for example , above the front axle and the roof intake ) and a large front splitter aid in generating downforce . The wheels are also designed to manage the airflow and be as light as possible at the same time .
Interior
The interior design was leaked online on 20 June 2017 and gave a preview of the car 's design . The interior has no gauge cluster , but rather a collection of screens . By the left and right corners are the screens for the camera side mirrors . One screen sits at the top of the center console , which may have a collection of live vehicle information , and regular vehicle controls , but this is not confirmed . A screen is used on the race-inspired steering wheel and acts as the driver gauge cluster . Dials and switches sit beside the wheel screen to allow for easier changes without driving interruption . The seats , formed from hollow carbon fibre straight into interior perimeter , are bucket variants , and have two seat belts for each car seat .
Because of the extremely small interior and doors ( which are practically roof-only hatches ) , each seat is designed specifically for the owner 's body shape through 3D scanning . A removable steering wheel provides slightly more space for entry and exit .
Specifications
Valkyrie
In February 2017 , Aston Martin revealed most of the vehicle 's specifications . The final specifications were revealed later in the year .
Several manufacturers ( other than Aston Martin and Red Bull ) have taken part in the Valkyrie 's construction , those being Cosworth , Ricardo , Rimac Automobili , Multimatic , Alcon , Integral Powertrain Ltd , Bosch , Surface Transforms , Wipac , and Michelin .
The car contains a 6.5-litre naturally-aspirated V12 engine tailored by Cosworth , which produces around at 10,500 rpm , with a redline of 11,100 rpm . This will make it the most powerful naturally-aspirated engine ever to be fitted to a production road car , as well as the highest-revving . With a KERS-style boost system akin to those fitted to F1 cars , the Aston Martin Valkyrie 's hybrid system has been developed by two main technical partners ; Integral Powertrain Ltd , who supplied the bespoke electric motor , and Rimac for the lightweight hybrid battery system .
As a result , the full hybrid system contributes an additional 160 bhp of power and a further 280 N⋅m of available torque with the certified max power output of Aston Martin Valkyrie standing at @ 10,500rpm . Equally , with the full hybrid system , peak torque will stand at 900 N⋅m ( 664 lbf⋅ft ) @ 6,000 rpm
At the same time the power output figures were released , the weight was announced to be , surpassing the intended 1:1 power-to-weight ratio with per ton . The car can accelerate to 60 mph ( 97 km/h ) from a standstill in a time of 2.6 seconds .
The exhausts exit at the top of the car , near the engine , similar to those of Formula One cars and the Porsche 918 Spyder .
Bosch supplies the Valkyrie 's ECU unit , traction control system , and ESP . The braking system is provided by Alcon and Surface Transforms . The front and rear lights are manufactured by Wipac . The car has all-carbon fibre bodywork and is installed with a carbon fibre Monocell from manufacturer Multimatic . Michelin supplies the Valkyrie with the company 's high-performance Sport Cup 2 tyres , having sizes of 265/35-ZR20 at the front and 325/30-ZR21 at the rear . The wheels are constructed out of lightweight magnesium alloy ( 20 '' front , 21 '' rear ) with race-spec centre-lock wheel nuts to reduce mass . In 2020 , after Red Bull Racing 's Red Bull Racing RB16 had its first shakedown in Silverstone Circuit , drivers Max Verstappen and Alexander Albon drove the car around the track .
Valkyrie AMR Pro
The track-only variant of the Valkyrie called the Valkyrie AMR Pro was introduced at the 2018 Geneva Motor Show . Only 25 units will be produced , all of which have already been sold . The AMR Pro uses the same 6.5-litre naturally-aspirated V12 engine as used in the Valkyrie road car without the KERS system . The engine will also be modified , which means the AMR Pro will have up to 1,100 ( est . 1,160-1,300 ) horsepower ; more than its road-legal counterpart .
The AMR Pro uses smaller 18-inch wheels at the front and rear . This is to allow the Michelin racing tyres ( based on LMP1 race cars ) to fit the car , with F1-inspired carbon-carbon brakes to aid braking performance . The air-conditioning system and infotainment screens have been removed , and have been replaced with racing counterparts . The car will be able to generate 3.3 g lateral force during cornering and 3.5 g during braking . Its top speed is intended to be higher than the road car , at . The car 's exhaust will have very minimal parts to silence the engine .
In 2021 , the production-intent AMR Pro was unveiled , having a significantly more aggressive design , with an LMP1-style rear aerodynamic fin , a large dual-element rear wing , and a large rear diffuser . In terms of this production-intent design , it looks more similar to the regular ( but elongated ) Valkyrie , than it did with the original concept .
Production
The road car 's production will be limited to 150 units at a unit price of USD3 million .
The AMR Pro production will be limited to 25 units at a unit price of USD3.5 million . Both versions have sold out .
In an Autocar interview ( 22 May 2021 ) , Aston Martin 's CEO indicated that a convertible version could also be launched in 2022 . This is likely to be reserved for buyers of the Coupé version .
Ten cars , fewer than planned , were delivered in the last quarter of 2021 , causing the company to miss its profit target . The company said that this only affected timing , all production had been sold but not yet delivered . The Aston Martin Valkyrie Spider was two times oversubscribed .
Resale policy
Aston Martin CEO Andy Palmer enlisted a policy in a Twitter post on 4 July 2017 , stating that if the owner were to `` flip '' the car ( buy and sell quickly to make a profit ) , the owner would not be provided the opportunity to buy any further special edition models from Aston Martin . This policy is also used for Ford 's new GT and Mercedes-AMG 's ONE sports cars .
Media
In March 2022 , at the opening round of the 2022 Formula One World Championship at the Bahrain International Circuit , the Valkyrie AMR Pro was driven for two laps .
Car show appearances
In July 2016 , the Valkyrie was unveiled as a non-working full-scale model in Aston Martin 's headquarters in Gaydon .
In November 2016 , the car was featured in a private Aston Martin showcase at the Etihad Towers in Abu Dhabi , the day before the 2016 Formula One Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .
From December 2016 to February 2017 , the car was featured in the 2017 Festival Automobile International in Paris .
In February 2017 , the car was featured as the star car in the 2017 Canadian International Auto Show in Toronto .
In March 2017 , the Valkyrie was featured at the Aston Martin stand along with the new Vanquish S Volante , the Rapide S AMR , and the V8 Vantage AMR-Pro at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show in Geneva , Switzerland .
See also
List of production cars by power output
Rimac Automobili
Mercedes-AMG One
References
External links
Valkyrie @ Aston Martin
Valkyrie
Cars introduced in 2017
Automobiles with gull-wing doors
Rear mid-engine , rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Roseland is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States . It was among the communities severely affected by flash flooding from Hurricane Camille in 1969 .
Roseland is home to the Devils Backbone Brewing Company .
Notable people
Thomas Withers , U.S. Navy Rear Admiral and submariner
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Philemon Bliss ( July 28 , 1813 – August 25 , 1889 ) was an Ohio Congressman , the first chief justice of the Supreme Court of Dakota Territory , and a Missouri Supreme Court justice .
Early life and education
Bliss was born in Canton , Connecticut in 1813 to Asahel Bliss and Lydia Adams ( Griswold ) Bliss . They attended Fairfield Academy and Hamilton College , where they studied law . They moved to Elyria , Ohio , where they studied law under their brother Albert .
Career
In 1840 Bliss passed the bar and began practicing law , first in Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio and later in Elyria , Ohio . On November 16 , 1843 they married Martha W. Thorpe . They had three children . They served as presiding judge of the 14th Judicial Circuit of Ohio from 1848 through 1851 . Bliss ran for congressional office as a republican and was elected to the United States House of Representatives . They served in the 34th Congress as an Oppositionist and 35th Congress as a Republican , but did not run for re-election in 1858 . President Abraham Lincoln appointed Bliss chief justice of the Supreme Court of Dakota Territory in 1861 . They also served as associate justice of the Supreme Court of Missouri from 1868 through 1872 .
Later career
After their retirement from the bench , Bliss became Law Dean for the University of Missouri , where they served until their death in Saint Paul , Minnesota in 1889 . They are buried at the Columbia Cemetery in Columbia , Missouri .
Legacy
The Philemon Bliss Scholarship was established at the University of Missouri School of Law in their honor .
References
1813 births
1889 deaths
People from Canton , Connecticut
Opposition Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Ohio Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives
Ohio state court judges
Judges of the Supreme Court of Missouri
Justices of the Dakota Territorial Supreme Court
19th-century American judges
Ohio lawyers
Politicians from Columbia , Missouri
People from Elyria , Ohio
Politicians from Saint Paul , Minnesota
People from Cuyahoga Falls , Ohio
Hamilton College ( New York ) alumni
University of Missouri alumni
University of Missouri faculty
Burials at Columbia Cemetery ( Columbia , Missouri )
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Stanley is an unincorporated community in Isanti Township , Isanti County , Minnesota , United States .
Stanley is located east of Cambridge at the junction of Lever Street NE and 321st Avenue NE .
Nearby is Lake Fannie , also spelled Lake Fanny .
Isanti County Roads 12 and 19 ; and State Highway 95 ( MN 95 ) are also nearby .
References
Mn/DOT map of Isanti County – 2013 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County , Minnesota
[ e ] is the sixth official album released in September 2009 and the third major album release of that year by Korean hip-hop group Epik High . The two other albums released in 2009 are Map the Soul and Remixing the Human Soul , an electronica-inspired remix compilation album with labelmates Planet Shiver . Like Map the Soul before it , [ e ] includes a complimentary mini-book along with the actual audio CDs . The 74 page mini-book contains song lyrics , interviews , photographs , and various production notes from the artists themselves .
[ e ] contains two discs of Hip hop musical experimentation in various genres . Genres experimented include electro-hop , dance-pop , classical music , acoustic rock , and traditional Korean trot music . The album 's themes are divided separately into two discs . Disc 1 , entitled [ e ] motion , contains tracks dealing with personal themes and is relatively less mainstream friendly compared to the second disc . Disc 2 , conversely entitled [ e ] nergy , contains radio-friendly tracks , such as the lead single `` 따라해 ( Wannabe ) ( ft . Mellow ) . ''
Notable guest artists on this release include frequent collaborator and Map the Soul labelmate MYK , Korean American emcee Kero One , battle rapper Dumbfoundead , Rakka ( from Dilated Peoples ) , underground rap prodigy Dok2 , and electronica group Planet Shiver .
Track listing
DISC 1 : [ e ] motion
DISC 2 : [ e ] nergy
References
External links
Epik High 's Official Site
2009 albums
Epik High albums
Korean-language albums
Tarantool is an in-memory computing platform with a flexible data schema , best used for creating high-performance applications . Two main parts of it are an in-memory database and a Lua application server .
Tarantool maintains data in memory and ensures crash resistance with write-ahead logging and snapshotting . It includes a Lua interpreter and interactive console , but also accepts connections from programs in several other languages .
History
Mail.Ru , one of the largest Internet companies in Russia , started the project in 2008 as part of the development of Moy Mir ( My World ) social network . In 2010 for a project head it hired a former technical lead from MySQL . Open-source contributors have been active especially in the area of external-language connectors for C , Perl , PHP , Python , Ruby , and node.js .
Tarantool became part of the Mail.Ru backbone , used for dynamic content such as user sessions , unsent instant messages , task queues , and a caching layer for traditional relational databases such as MySQL or PostgreSQL .
By 2014 Tarantool had also been adopted by the social network services Badoo and Odnoklassniki ( the latter is affiliated with Mail.Ru since 2010 ) .
Properties
All data is maintained in memory ( RAM ) , with data persistence ensured by write-ahead logging and snapshotting , and for those reasons some industry observers have compared Tarantool to Membase .
Replication is asynchronous and failover ( getting one Tarantool server to take over from another ) is possible either from a replica server or from a `` hot standby '' server .
There are no locks . Tarantool uses Lua-style coroutines and asynchronous I/O . The result is that application programs or stored procedures must be written with cooperative multitasking in mind , rather than the more popular preemptive multitasking .
For database storage the basic unit is a tuple . Tuples in tuple sets handle the same role as rows in tables for relational databases . Tuples have an arbitrary number of fields , and fields do not need names . Every tuple in a database has one ( unique not null ) primary key and one or more secondary keys , which are enabled for immediate lookup via indexes . Supported index types are B-tree , hash , bitmap , and R-tree ( spatial ) .
Fields in a tuple are type-agnostic or can have specific numeric or string data types . Users may insert , update , delete , or select if they have been granted appropriate privileges .
In 2017 Tarantool introduced an optional on-disk storage engine which allows databases larger than memory size .
In 2019 Tarantool introduced an optional SQL interface which complies with most of the mandatory features of the official SQL standard .
Distribution
Tarantool comes as part of the official distributions for some Linux distros such as Debian , Fedora or Ubuntu . The Tarantool organization also supplies downloads for other Linux distributions , OS X , and FreeBSD . Tarantool can be extended with modules installed using LuaRocks , and it includes its own selection of extension rocks .
References
External links
Free database management systems
Distributed computing architecture
NoSQL
NoSQL products
Lua ( programming language ) -scriptable software
Software using the BSD license
Walter George Brown ( September 6 , 1875 – April 1 , 1940 ) was a Presbyterian Church in Canada minister who opposed the formation of the United Church of Canada and was a United Reform Movement MP in the House of Commons of Canada .
Early life
Born in Athelstan ( now Hichinbrooke ) , Huntingdon County , Quebec of Scots-Irish parents , Brown was educated at McGill University where they received an Honours B.A . Degree in 1899 and at The Presbyterian College , Montreal , where they graduated in 1902 with a B.D . degree , the Silver Medal , a $ 60.00 Theological Scholarship , and a prize ( $ 10.00 in books ) in public speaking . They also won other scholarships and prizes during their time at Presbyterian College . During their summers , they went into the newly opened lumbering camps of Northern Ontario , serving first as a student missionary , was ordained on 30 September 1902 as an Ordained Missionary to Canada Atlantic Lumber Camps , from Rainy Lake to Whitney under the North Bay Presbytery . They remained in this post until July 1903 , when they moved west to work amongst miners in the West Kootenay area of British Columbia at Salmo , New Denver and Silverton , all in proximity of Nelson .
While serving in ministry in British Columbia , they earned their M.A . degree from McGill , with a paper titled `` History and Philosophy of Socialism '' , and was married to Martha Rowat of Athelstan , Quebec ; their father , Andrew Rowat ( 1839-1918 ) served as minister at Elgin and Athelstan from 1884 - 1909 ; their mother , Margaret , was the daughter of Donald MacKenziepioneer minister in Zorra Township , Oxford County , Ontario .
After leaving the Kootenays to study in Montreal and at the United Free Church of Scotland College in Glasgow , they were called and inducted in March 1908 , as minister of Knox Presbyterian Church in Red Deer , Alberta , and would remain there until 1925 . They also served as convenor of Home Missions for the Red Deer Presbytery supervising three congregations and fifteen missions . They served as Moderator of the Synod of Alberta in 1915 .
Opposition to United Church merger
They had opposed the first attempt to merge the Presbyterian , Methodist and Congregational Churches of Canada in 1904 saying `` I can not recall one moment when I ever doubted that it was our duty to maintain the Presbyterian Church in Canada in the interests of truth , sound church government , spiritual freedom and national righteousness . ''
They favoured a federation over a total church union . This was highlighted in their 1911 `` Alberta Plan '' , that critiqued the `` Union Churches '' then being created primarily in Saskatchewan . In 1923 , they went on a six-week speaking tour of Eastern Canada for the anti-church union Presbyterian Church Association and became known as `` Brown of Red Deer '' . When the final vote on union was held during late 1924 and early 1925 , Brown 's Red Deer Presbytery was the sole presbytery in the PCC with a majority vote against Church Union .
Nationally , some 30 % of Presbyterians opposed this union and reorganized themselves as the `` Continuing Presbyterians '' , until they were legally permitted to resume using the name Presbyterian Church in Canada in 1939 . With regard to the namecontinuing Presbyterians , Brown was quoted during their fight for the preservation of the Presbyterian Church by reciting a Scots challenge :
( Neil G. Smith , A Short History of the Presbyterian Church in Canada , pp 85 )
At the 1925 General Assembly , Brown was one of 79 Commissioners who refused to join the United Church , and met in a corner of Toronto 's College Street United Church at the conclusion on June 9 in order to resume business later that night at nearby Knox Presbyterian Church and legally claim their continuity .
Continuing Presbyterian
Brown left Red Deer later that year to oversee the re-organization of some Presbyterians in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan that had voted against joining the United Church . St. Andrew 's Presbyterian Church , Saskatoon was formed under their pastoral leadership , and remains the largest PCC congregation within the province .
In June 1931 , they were elected Moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly , and during their Moderatorial year , travelled to Asia , and visited Korea , Japan , Taiwan , and the Manchuria portion of China .
Reverend Walter George Brown is one of the few Moderators of the Presbyterian Church who was or is not a Reverend Doctor ; they refused to accept Honorary Doctorates from their Alma Mater , nor Toronto 's Knox College . Their funeral took place in Ottawa , and is buried at the Athelstan Presbyterian Cemetery .
Political career
They remained in Saskatchewan throughout the Dust Bowl drought years of the Great Depression and , late in the decade , organized the left-wing United Reform Movement as a political party calling for relief .
Brown was first elected as the Member of Parliament for Saskatoon City in a December 1939 by-election , spent one day in Parliament before dissolution , was re-elected two months later in the 1940 general election with the support of both the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation and the Tory National Government party , but died of complications from a heart attack , a few days after their victory . They were not able to travel from Ottawa to their riding to campaign .
Agnes MacPhail , who introduced Brown to the floor of the House of Commons on 25 January 1940 , was eventually recruited by the URM to succeed him , but they were defeated in the subsequent by-election later that year .
Sources
Brown of Red Deer , by Allan L. Farris , pp 146–148 , from ;
Growth—A History and Anthology of the Synod of Alberta of the Presbyterian Church in Canada , 1968 . Editor , R.J. Burton .
Neil G. Smith , 1925 and After , pp 85 , from :
A Short History of the Presbyterian Church in Canada , 1968 . Allan L. Farris , J. Keith Markell , and Neil G. Smith , editors .
J. Keith Markell , A History of the Presbyterian College , Montreal . 1986 .
Acts and Proceedings of the Presbyterian Church in Canada ,
Reports : Presbyterian College , Montreal ( 1899-1903 ) ,
Home Missions Reports ( 1901-1906 )
Obituary Notice , 1940 .
Canadian Press Release , April 2 , 1940 :
`` TWICE ELECTED M.P. , SITS 4 HOURS , DIES ; Rev . W.G . Brown , Saskatoon , Wins 2 Campaigns , Attended One Session ''
External links
Walter George Brown fonds - Library and Archives Canada
Brown of Red Deer
1875 births
1940 deaths
Canadian Presbyterian ministers
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Saskatchewan
McGill University alumni
Whaitiri is a female atua and personification of thunder in Māori mythology . They are the grandmother of Tāwhaki and Karihi . Whaitiri is the granddaughter of Te Kanapu , son of Te Uira , both of whom are personified forms of lightning ( Reed 1963:158 ) . Another more primary atua of thunder , a male , is Tāwhirimātea .
Marries Kaitangata
Whaitiri is a fearsome figure , fond of cannibalism . When they hear of a mortal named Kaitangata ( man-eater ) , they are certain they will make a fine husband for them They come down to earth and marries him , but is disappointed to learn that they are a gentle person , nothing like their name suggests . Whaitiri kills their favourite slave , Anonokia , takes out their heart and liver , and offers them to Kaitangata as a sign of their affection . They are horrified at the grisly offering ( Reed 1963:158-159 ) .
Kaitangata is a hard worker , spending a lot of time fishing to feed their family . Unfortunately , they have never learned how to make hooks with a barb , and so most of their fish escape . Whaitiri gives them a barbed hook , and they catch a grouper , which they offer to the gods . Whaitiri quickly tires of a diet of fish , so when their husband is away fishing , they take a net and catches two of their husband 's relatives , Tupeke-ti and Tupeke-ta . When Kaitangata returns , they ask them to perform the incantations that are used when human flesh is offered to the gods . They do not know the chants , so they try to perform them herself , not willing to confess that they are ignorant of the correct words to use . They mumble nonsense words , before cooking the bodies , cutting them up and gorging themselves on the flesh , to the disgust of the villagers . Only the bones are left ( Reed 1963:158-9 ) .
Later , Kaitangata uses the bones to make barbed hooks , and goes fishing . They catch grouper , and gives them to Whaitiri . They do not tell them that they used hooks made from the bones of Tupeke-ti and Tupeke-ta . They eat the fish , and because the fish is infused with the tapu ( sacredness ) from the bodies of the two men , Whaitiri gradually begins to go blind . At first they are mystified at the reason for this , but eventually they are visited by a woman from the underworld who tells them what has happened ( Reed 1963:159 ) .
Returns to the sky
One day , Whaitiri overhears their husband describe them to two strangers . They are offended when they hear them say that their wife 's skin is like the wind , and their heart is as cold as snow . On another occasion , they are ashamed when Kaitangata complains that their children are dirty . They explain to their husband that they are unable to wash their children because they are a sacred being from the heavens , and they tell them for the first time that their name is thunder . They prepare to return to their true home in the heavens , and foretells that their children will follow them one day . They depart in a cloud , leaving their children , one of whom is Hemā ( Reed 1963:159-160 ) .
Found by their grandsons
This is fulfilled when Tāwhaki and Karihi , Hemā 's sons , set off to climb up to the sky . At the foot of the ascent they find their grandmother , Whaitiri , now blind , who sits continually counting the tubers of sweet potato or taro that are their only food . The brothers tease them by snatching them away , one by one , and upsetting their count . Eventually , they reveal themselves to them and restore their sight . In return , they give them advice about how best to make the climb into the sky . Karihi tries first , but makes the error of climbing up the aka taepa , or hanging vine . They are blown violently around by the winds of heaven , and falls to their death . Tāwhaki climbs by the aka matua , or parent vine , recites the right incantations , and reaches the highest of the 10 heavens . There they learn many spells from Tama-i-waho , and marries a woman named Hāpai , or as others say , Maikuku-makaka . They have a son , and according to some versions of the story it is this child who is named Wahieroa ( Biggs 1966:450 ) .
Names and epithets
Waitiri ( thunder , thundering water , dialectal )
Whatitiri ( thunder )
Whaitiri-mātakataka ( crashing thunder )
Waitiri Station , a large Central Otago New Zealand high country ranch . Named after the thundering waters of the Kawarau River . Waitiri Station is the major ranch of the Kawarau Gorge and runs from the Bungy Bridge to the Roaring Meg on SH6 . It is a merino sheep station and is run in conjunction with Eastburn Station .
Waitiri Run ( Citroen Rapids ) A Grade IV at less than and Grade V over . Length 2 miles ( 3 km ) BIG water , technically simple but intimidating . Waitiri Station provides put and exit access .
See also
Matakerepō , who is linked with Whaitiri
References
B.G . Biggs , 'Maori Myths and Traditions ' in A. H. McLintock ( editor ) , Encyclopaedia of New Zealand , 3 Volumes . ( Government Printer : Wellington ) , 1966 , II:447-454 .
A.W . Reed , Treasury of Maori Folklore ( A.H. & A.W . Reed : Wellington ) , 1963 .
A. Cook , 'The Gibbston Story '
Māori goddesses
Sky and weather goddesses
Thunder goddesses
Mythological anthropophages
Snak ( Danish for `` chat '' ) was a shareware Internet Relay Chat ( IRC ) client written by Kent Sorensen for the Macintosh platform . Snak was distributed as shareware and could be freely used and evaluated for 30 days at no charge . After the 30-day evaluation period has ended , the program would quit after 15 minutes of use , and a registration key had to be purchased . Versions up to 4.12 run on both Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X while version 5 and newer only support Mac OS X . The program is Intel Only as of version 5.3.4 . The program is not fully compatible with current macOS versions and is no longer supported , with the developer stating that they are unable to create new versions due to the deprecation of the Carbon libraries . On October 10 , 2018 , Snak was declared abandonware by the developer and made freeware with a license key published on the project 's web site .
Features
Snak supports an unlimited number of connections and channels , private chats , as well as full DCC support for file transfers and chat . It can be scripted with AppleScript and the ircII scripting language . Snak features an action list which makes it easy to automate responses to many common events on IRC .
Snak includes the ability for multiple panels to share the windows . A panel can contain a channel , a dialog with another user , a list , or information about a DCC file transfer . This results in an effective use of the screen space and improves the ability to follow multiple channels . A panel can be moved from one window to another by dragging the title bar or the panel tab .
Although limited support UTF-8 support has been included since version 5.1.5 ( released 2006-09-23 ) , as of December 30 , 2014 , full UTF-8 support is still lacking ( promised for `` the next major version '' ) .
Reception
Jason Parker , Assistant editor for Download.com , wrote for CNET Reviews on May 26 , 2005 , `` If you want a great IRC chat client for Mac , Snak is hands-down the best in the category . ''
References
Internet Relay Chat clients
Classic macOS Internet Relay Chat clients
MacOS Internet Relay Chat clients
Shareware
Discontinued software
Orphan works
KEXT-CD , virtual channel 27 ( UHF digital channel 20 ) , was a low-powered , Class A television station licensed to San Jose , California , United States . The station was owned by the Venture Technologies Group .
History
KEXT began as K27EX , broadcasting to Modesto on channel 27 and receiving that callsign on September 21 , 1994 . It was owned by Warren L. Trumbly . In 2001 , K27EX became KEXT-CA , a Class A station .
After the Class A conversion , Trumbly sold KEXT to Univision in May 2002 . The name of the licensee changed to Telefutura Sacramento and later UniMás Sacramento as the station relayed KTFK ( channel 64 ) .
In June 2014 , two weeks after Univision filed to convert it to digital from a site in San Jose , KEXT was sold by Univision to Central Valley Television for $ 5,000 , plus 30 % of the proceeds that might be received by the purchaser as a result of relinquishing the station 's license due to a spectrum auction . On August 1 , 2014 , KEXT 's analog signal went off air in order to begin digital construction ; it returned to the air two months later and received its license to cover that December .
On April 13 , 2017 , the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) announced that KEXT-CD was a successful bidder in the spectrum auction ; Venture Technologies would be surrendering the station 's license in exchange for $ 55,351,366 , 30 % of which would be owed to Univision due to the terms of that transaction . Venture Technologies surrendered KEXT-CD 's license to the FCC for cancellation on July 31 , 2017 .
References
External links
EXT-CD
Television channels and stations established in 1996
1996 establishments in California
Low-power television stations in the United States
Defunct television stations in the United States
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2017
2017 disestablishments in California
EXT-CD
Brian Cummings , is Anniversary Professor in the Department of English and Related Literature at the University of York . They were elected a fellow of the British Academy in 2016 .
Selected publications
Mortal Thoughts : Religion , Secularity and Identity in Shakespeare and Early Modern Culture ( Oxford University Press , 2013 ) .
The Book of Common Prayer : The Texts of 1549 , 1559 , and 1662 ( Oxford University Press , 2011 ; Oxford World 's Classics edition 2013 ) : Runner-Up , Atlantic Book of the Year 2012 .
The Literary Culture of the Reformation : Grammar and Grace ( Oxford University Press , 2002 ; paperback 2007 ) : Times Literary Supplement Book of the Year for 2003 .
References
Living people
Fellows of the British Academy
British academics of English literature
Academics of the University of York
Fellows of Trinity College , Cambridge
Academics of the University of Sussex
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Kimball Lifecycle is a methodology for developing data warehouses , and has been developed by Ralph Kimball and a variety of colleagues .
Program/Project planning
According to Kimball et al. , this phase is the start of the lifecycle . It is a planning phase in which project is a single iteration of the lifecycle while program is the broader coordination of resources . When launching a project/program Kimball et al . suggests following three focus areas :
Define and Scope project
Plan project
Project management
Program/Project Management
This is an ongoing discipline in the project . The purpose is to keep the project/program on course , develop a communication plan and manage expectations .
Business Requirements Definition
This phase/milestone of the project is about making the project team understand the business requirements . Its purpose is to establish a foundation for all the following activities in the lifecycle . Kimball et al . makes it clear that it is important for the project team to talk with the business users and be prepared to focus on listening and to document the interview . An output of this step is the Enterprise bus matrix .
Technology Track
The top track holds two milestones :
Technical Architecture Design is supposed to create a framework for the DW/BI system . The main focus in this phase is to create a plan for the application architecture , while considering business requirements , technical environment and the planned strategic technical directions .
Product Selection & Installation use the architecture plan to identify what components are needed to complete the DW/BI project . This phase then selects , installs and tests the products .
Data Track
Dimensional Modeling is a process in which the business requirements are used to design dimensional models for the system .
Physical Design is the phase where the database is designed . It involves the database environment as well as security .
ETL Design & Development is the design of some of the heavy procedures in the DW/BI-system ( Extract , Transform , Load ) . Kimball et al . suggests four parts to this process , which are further divided into 34 subsystems ( Kimball et al. , 2008 ) :
Extracting data
Cleaning and conforming data
Delivering data for Presentation
Managing the ETL system
Business Intelligence Application Track
BI Application Design deals with designing and selecting some applications to support the business requirements . BI Application Development use the design to develop and validate applications to support the business requirements .
Deployment
When the three tracks are complete they all end up in the final deployment . This phase requires planning and should include pre-deployment testing , documentation , training and maintenance and support .
Maintenance
When the deployment has finished the system will need proper maintenance to stay alive . This includes data reconciliation , execution and monitoring and performance tuning .
Growth
As the project can be seen as part of the larger iterative program , it is likely that the system will want to expand . There will be projects to add new data as well as reaching new segments of the business areas . The lifecycle then starts over again .
References
Kimball , R. , Ross , M. , Thornthwaite , W. , Mundy , J. , & Becker , B . ( 2008 ) . The data warehouse lifecycle toolkit ( 2nd ed. ) . Wiley Publishing , Inc .
Data warehousing
The United Church of Christ in Japan ( UCCJ ; Nihon Kirisuto Kyōdan , or Kyōdan for short ) is the largest Protestant denomination in Japan . It is a union of thirty-three diverse Protestant denominations forcibly merged by the Japanese wartime government on June 24 , 1941 . The UCCJ , which is a Japanese Independent Church , is a member of the World Council of Churches ( WCC ) .
Currently , the church has some about 200,000 members and 1,725 congregations served by 2,189 pastors .
History
Second World War
Upon promulgation of the Religious Organizations Law that forced the merger of all the Protestant churches in Japan to unite , a declaration of church unity was made at a mass meeting of Christians from all parts of Japan on 17 October 1940 . The Kyōdan was established at a Founding General Assembly held at the Fujimicho Church ( founded by Uemura Masahisa ) on 24–25 June 1941 .
After 1945
With the establishment of religious freedom by the Allied Occupation Forces in 1946 , many groups left the Kyōdan to reestablish their prewar denominational identities . The most significant departures were the Anglican Church in Japan , the Japan Lutheran Church , Japan Baptist Convention , Japan Holiness Church , Japan Assemblies of God , Reformed Church in Japan plus numerous smaller evangelical churches .
After the 1970s
The controversy had both theological and non-theological roots , some tending back into an earlier period . The union 's wartime origin and the church 's self-acknowledged complicity in the war were called into question . While the 1954 Confession of Faith , a doctrinal statement , clarified the postwar church 's identity , many cite the 1967 Confession of Responsibility During World War II as recovering the church 's integrity , by openly dealing with the church 's wartime role .
Twenty-six UCCJ missionaries now serve in eleven overseas lands in a variety of ministries , a heritage begun when the first postwar missionary was sent to Brazil in 1957 .
United Church of Christ in Japan permits openly gay and lesbian pastors to act as ministers .
Seminaries and theological colleges
Tokyo Union Theological Seminary
Doshisha University
Kwansei Gakuin University
Tohoku Gakuin University
Seinan Gakuin University
Seiwa College
Notable members
Kenji Goto ( d. 31 January 2015 ) – journalist beheaded by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
References
External links
UCCJ English website
1941 establishments in Japan
Christian organizations established in 1941
André Messelis ( 17 February 1931 – 17 February 2022 ) was a Belgian professional racing cyclist . They won the E3 Harelbeke in 1962 . Messelis died on 17 February 2022 , at the age of 91 .
References
External links
1931 births
2022 deaths
Belgian male cyclists
People from Ledegem
Sportspeople from West Flanders
Highway 4 is an Iraqi highway which extends from Kirkuk to As Sa'Diyah in Diyala . It passes through Sulaypersoniyah , Darbinadikhan and Jalaulah .
Roads in Iraq
Carl Andreas Fougstad ( 2 March 1806 – 3 July 1871 ) was a Norwegian attorney , journalist , author and elected official . They served as mayor of Oslo .
Biography
Fougstad was born and grew up in Alverstraumen , today in Lindås municipality in Hordaland , Norway . They were the son of Johannes Fougstad ( 1755–1830 ) and Charlotte Eleonore Tidemand Arentz ( 1767–1830 ) . They studied law at the University of Christiania ( now University of Oslo ) and graduated as cand.jur . in 1831 . In 1828 they had been chairperson in the Det Norske Studentersamfund for half a year .
They were a member of the social circle Intelligenspartiet , whose most famous members were Anton Martin Schweigaard , Frederik Stang and Johan Sebastian Welhaven . Fougstad was a co-editor of their newspaper Den Constitutionelle from 1836 to 1837 . They authored the publications Det norske Storthing i 1833 , Repertorium for Oplysninger og Undersøgelser vedkommende viktige Gjenstande for ottende ordentlige Storthings Virksomhed with three volumes in 1835 and 1836 ( with Frederik Stang ) and Det norske Storthing i 1836 .
Most of the members of Intelligenspartiet held some public office ( embete ) ; Fougstad worked as a civil servant in the Ministry of Finance from 1831 to 1845 . From 1838 to 1845 they were co-authored of the Department 's Official Journal . From 1845 to 1850 they worked as chief of police in Christiania ( now Oslo ) .
They were a member of Christiania city council from 1842 to 1850 , serving as mayor from 1843 to 1845 . Fougstad was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848 , representing the constituency Christiania og Lillehammer . From 1850 to 1868 they served as burgomaster of Christiania . They were proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav in 1855 . They were also held the Russian Order of St. Anna , 2nd class , and was a commander of the Swedish Order of the Polar Star . In 1901 , Fougstads gate in the district of St. Hanshaugen in Oslo was named in their honor .
References
1806 births
1871 deaths
People from Lindås
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian newspaper editors
Mayors of Oslo
Members of the Storting
19th-century journalists
Male journalists
19th-century Norwegian writers
19th-century male writers
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna , 2nd class
Commanders of the Order of the Polar Star
Recipients of the St. Olav 's Medal
The 1968 Sutton Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Sutton London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
A total of 127 candidates , down from 157 in 1964 stood in the election for the 51 seats being contested across 25 wards . These included a full slate from the Conservative parties , while Labour stood 48 candidates , the Liberals stood 16 candidates , the Residents Association stood 10 candidates , and the Communist party stood 2 candidates . There were 24 two-seat wards and 1 three-seat ward .
Election result
| }
Ward results
( Residents and Ratepayers )
( Residents and Ratepayers )
( Residents and Ratepayers )
( Residents and Ratepayers )
( Residents and Ratepayers )
References
1968 London Borough council elections
The men 's 400 metres hurdles event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 10 , 11 and 12 September 1979 .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Semifinals
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
The Eastern Kentucky Colonels are the intercollegiate athletic teams of Eastern Kentucky University ( EKU ) , located in Richmond , Kentucky , in intercollegiate sports as a member of the NCAA Division I ranks , primarily competing in the ASUN Conference since the 2021–22 academic year ; while its football team competes in the Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) until the ASUN launches its own football league , most likely in the 2022 fall season . The Colonels previously competed in the Ohio Valley Conference ( OVC ) from 1948–49 to 2020–21 .
Overview
The Colonels athletic program competes in NCAA Division I as a member of the ASUN Conference . The football team plays in the second level of Division I football , the Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) . Before joining the ASUN in July 2021 , EKU had spent the previous 73 years as a charter member of the Ohio Valley Conference ( OVC ) . The EKU mascot is The Colonel , and the school colors are maroon and white . While the women 's teams were formerly known as the Lady Colonels , the school now emphasizes that all teams are now Colonels .
Although EKU 's new home of the ASUN does not currently sponsor football , it has committed to launching an FCS football league in the near future . Until ASUN football is established , EKU football competes as a de facto associate member of the Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) , competing in a football partnership between the two leagues officially branded as the `` ASUN–WAC Challenge '' .
Varsity teams
EKU 's intercollegiate athletics teams are nicknamed the Colonels . Maroon has been the official color of Eastern athletics since the school was begun as the Eastern Kentucky State Normal School in 1906 , and the school 's official team nickname was the `` Maroons '' from the start of intercollegiate competition in 1909–10 until 1963 , when then-president Robert Martin changed the nickname to the `` Colonels '' .
A member of the ASUN Conference since July 2021 , Eastern Kentucky University sponsors teams in eight men 's and nine women 's NCAA sanctioned sports .
EKU competes in 18 intercollegiate varsity sports : Men 's sports include baseball , basketball , cross-country , football , golf , tennis and track & field ; while women 's sports include basketball , beach volleyball , cross-country , golf , soccer , softball , tennis , track & field and volleyball .
Football
Eastern has traditionally been quite successful on the football field , having won 20 OVC titles and two Division I-AA National Championships in 1979 and 1982 . Much of the success came during the long tenure of head coach Roy Kidd from 1964 to 2002 . In 1990 , Eastern honored Kidd by naming the school 's football stadium Roy Kidd Stadium . With their win over Southeast Missouri State University in 2008 , Eastern 's football team secured their 31st consecutive winning season . The team is currently coached by Walt Wells , former assistant head coach at Easter and most recently a quality control assistant at the University of Kentucky .
In September 2013 , the Lexington Herald-Leader , the daily newspaper of nearby Lexington , reported that EKU was considering moving its program to the top-level Football Bowl Subdivision . However , under NCAA rules , such a move would require that EKU first receive an all-sports invitation from an existing FBS conference . In the end , no such move was made .
As noted previously , EKU football is now a WAC member on a temporary basis until the ASUN launches its own football league .
Conference championships
Men 's basketball
The current head coach of the Colonels is A. W. Hamilton .
The Colonels have appeared in the NCAA tournament seven times . The Colonels play their home basketball games at Alumni Coliseum , located on EKU 's campus .
Men 's golf
The men 's golf team has won 12 Ohio Valley Conference championships : 1975 , 1980 , 1982–86 , 1992 , 1997 , 2006 , 2008 , 2015 .
Rivalries
Historically , the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers and Lady Toppers served as the primary rival to EKU , especially in football . Their matchups , known as the `` Battle of the Bluegrass , '' date back to 1914 , with Western leading the overall series 34–47–3 . With WKU 's recent move up to the Football Bowl Subdivision , any future games between the two teams are uncertain .
Outside of Western , EKU has maintained rivalries with the two remaining in-state OVC members of Murray State and Morehead State .
Facilities
References
External links
The olive-green tanager ( ) is a species of bird in the family Mitrospingidæ . It is endemic to Brazil .
Taxonomy and systematics
The olive-green tanager and the three other species in family Mitrospingidæ were previously placed in family Thraupidæ , the `` true '' tanagers . A 2013 publication detailed how they did not belong there and proposed the new family for them . The North and South American Classification Committees of the American Ornithological Society accepted the new placement in July 2017 and March 2019 , respectively . The International Ornithological Committee ( IOC ) followed suit in January 2018 .
The olive-green tanager is the only member of its genus and has no subspecies .
Description
The olive-green tanager is long . The adult is olive green above and dull yellow below ; it has a tinge of olive on the sides and flanks .
Distribution and habitat
The olive-green tanager is found only in southeastern Brazil , from Espírito Santo state south to eastern Santa Catarina and northeastern Rio Grande do Sul . It inhabits the interior and edges of humid montane forest at elevations of .
Behavior
Feeding
The olive-green tanager 's diet is primarily insects , though it also eats fruit . It typically forages in flocks of its own species that may number up to 20 individuals but more usually have about eight . It feeds in the mid- to upper levels of the forest , usually picking prey from leaves , and it also sallies for flying insects .
Breeding
One olive-green tanager was noted carrying nest material to a bromeliad in a large tree . No other information has been published about its breeding phenology .
Vocalization
The olive-green tanager 's song has been rendered as `` tséé-si , si , si , tséé-si , si , si . '' Its call is a buzzy `` tseee '' and it also calls `` wheek ! '' while foraging .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the olive-green tanager as being of The Least Concern . `` Despite local population declines and fragmentation , its long-term viability should be assured if protection continues for the parks and reserves where it remains . ''
References
olive-green tanager
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
olive-green tanager
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Odet d'Aydie ( c. 1425 – August 1490 ) was a knight from Béarn , Lord of Lescun . They held the titles of count of Comminges and governor of Guyenne at the end of the 15th century . They were the son of Bertrand d'Aydie and their first wife Marie Domin .
Biography
Their career began in 1454 when they were appointed bailiff of Cotentin , a position they held until 1461 . They were a confidant of Charles de France , Duke of Berry ( 1472 ) , brother of King Louis XI . They took part in all the conspiracies against the king , including the League of the Public Weal ( 1465 ) and the Mad War .
Thanks to the support of Charles , they became admiral in 1469 . After the death of Charles of France in November 1472 , they rallied on the side of King Louis XI . They were appointed Admiral of France and remained great seneschal of Guyenne .
In 1473 , they received the county of Comminges , the viscounty of Fronsac with the seigniory of Coutras . They married Marie of Lescun , lady of Lescun and baroness of Esparros , the heiress of Lescun and the daughter of Mathieu of Lescun and Diane of Béarn ( natural daughter of John I , Count of Foix , Count of Foix and Viscount of Béarn , whose husband Mathieu was the cousin of the bastard of Armagnac Jean of Lescun , Marshal of France and already Count of Comminges ) . In 1479 they became governor of Rouen and Caen , and played an important role at the court of the Duke of Brittany , Francis II . They opposed Anne of France , daughter of Louis XI and regent for their brother Charles VIII and rallied with the Duke of Orleans , the future King Louis XII . They were appointed governor of Guyenne in 1484 - while remaining seneschal . However their participation in the Mad War made them lose all of their titles ( 1487 ) .
Marriage and family
Odet d'Aydie married Marie of Lescun , heiress of the property of their family ( including Esparros ) . They had two daughters :
Jeanne d'Aydie , wife of Jean de Foix , Viscount of Lautrec , in 1480 , mother of , among others , Odet of Foix .
Madeleine d'Aydie , wife of Louis de Gramont , Viscount of Castillon .
References
1490 deaths
Counts of Comminges
Year of birth uncertain
Raymond Garfield Gettell ( March 4 , 1881 – October 9 , 1949 ) was an American football coach and political science professor . They served as the head football coach at Trinity College in Hartford , Connecticut from 1908-1913 and at Amherst College from 1917-1920 , compiling a career college football coaching record of 51–20–6 ; they also served as professor of political science from 1914-1923 . Their wife , Nelene Groff Gettell ( née Knapp ) , taught at Amherst High School from 1921-1923 ; the 1923 Yearbook was dedicated to them The Gettells moved to Berkeley , California in 1923 so that Gettell could assume the head of the political science department at the University of California , which they held until their death .
Raymond and Nelene Gettell were the parents of economist and college administrator Richard Glenn Gettell .
Head coaching record
References
1881 births
1949 deaths
Amherst College faculty
Amherst Mammoths football coaches
Trinity Bantams football coaches
University of California , Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
Ursinus College alumni
People from Shippensburg , Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Pennsylvania
Behind Closed Doors is a 1973 album by Charlie Rich . The album received the Country Music Association award for Album of the Year ; the title track ( written by Kenny O'Dell ) was also named CMA 's Single of the Year , and Rich was named Best Male Vocalist for their performance on the album . Rich won the 1974 Grammy for Best Country Vocal Performance Male and also took home four Academies of Country Music awards for this album . In 2006 , CMT ranked `` Behind Closed Doors '' No . 37 on its list of the 40 greatest albums in country music .
In 2002 , the album was certified Quadruple Platinum by the RIAA , commemorating U.S. sales of over four million . Charlie Rich contributed `` Peace On You '' to this album . Charlie 's wife Margaret Ann contributed two of their songs to the album as well , `` A Sunday Kind of Woman '' and `` Nothing In The World ( To Do With Me ) '' . Charlie 's teenage son contributed the song `` You Never Really Wanted Me '' to the album as well .
Track listing
`` Behind Closed Doors '' ( Kenny O'Dell ) - 2:56
`` If You Would n't Be My Lady '' ( Jimmy Holiday , Eddie Reeves ) - 2:53
`` You Never Really Wanted Me '' ( Allan Rich ) - 2:27
`` A Sunday Kind of Woman '' ( Margaret Ann Rich ) - 3:09
`` Peace On You '' ( Charlie Rich ) - 3:59
`` The Most Beautiful Girl '' ( Billy Sherrill , Norro Wilson , Rory Bourke ) - 2:43
`` I Take It On Home '' ( Kenny O'Dell ) - 2:52
`` 'Til I Ca n't Take It Anymore '' ( Clyde Otis , Dorian Burton ) - 2:30
`` We Love Each Other '' ( Buddy Killen ) - 3:08
`` I 'm Not Going Hungry Anymore '' ( Freddie Hart ) - 2:12
`` Nothing In the World ( To Do With Me ) '' ( Margaret Ann Rich ) - 2:41
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Personnel
Charlie Rich - vocals
Billy Sanford , Dale Sellers , Harold Bradley , Jerry Kennedy , Ray Edenton - guitar
Pete Drake , Lloyd Green - steel guitar
Bob Moore - bass
Hargus `` Pig '' Robbins - piano
Buddy Harman , Kenny Buttrey - drums
The Jordanaires , Nashville Edition - background vocals
Technical
Charlie Bragg , Lou Bradley - engineers
Bill Barnes , Peggy Owens - photography
References
1973 albums
Charlie Rich albums
Albums produced by Billy Sherrill
Epic Records albums
The position of Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs was a British cabinet-level position created in 1925 responsible for British relations with the Dominions — Canada , Australia , New Zealand , South Africa , Newfoundland , and the Irish Free State — and the self-governing Crown colony of Southern Rhodesia . When initially created , the office was held in tandem with that of Secretary of State for the Colonies ; this arrangement persisted until June 1930 . On two subsequent occasions the offices were briefly held by the same person .
The Secretary was supported by an Under-Secretary of State for Dominion Affairs . In 1947 , the name of the office was changed to the Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations .
Secretaries of State for Dominion Affairs , 1925–1947
The Viscount Addison took up the new post of Secretary of State for Commonwealth Relations on 7 July 1947 .
Notes
External links
Dominion Affairs
Defunct ministerial offices in the United Kingdom
History of the Commonwealth of Nations
1925 establishments in the United Kingdom
1947 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Foreign Office during World War II
Skol Airlines is a Russian charter operator providing regular passenger flights and cargo charters across Eastern and Western Siberia ; its clients include Alrosa and Gazprom amongst others . The company also has its own 23 hectare heliports , the 100-room hostel on-site , dining room , Mi-8 hangar , helicopter filling station and a certified aircraft maintenance base . The company is notable for its successful efforts to curtail the 2007 Greek forest fires .
As of December 2021 , the airline was banned from operating within the European Union .
Fleet
Accidents & Incidents
On 21 October 2016 , Skol Airlines Flight 9375 , a Mi-8 helicopter with 19 passengers and a crew of 3 impacted terrain in poor weather conditions , with 19 fatalities .
References
External links
Official website ( Russian )
Airlines of Russia
Companies based in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug
Wendy Loretto is the Dean and Professor of Organizational Behaviour at the University of Edinburgh Business School and an expert in later-life employment .
Education
Loretto holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Edinburgh . After graduation , they worked as a commercial manager at Marks & Spencer . For three years they worked at the Alcohol Research Group at the University of Edinburgh , where they received their PhD in research on the social and cultural aspects of illicit and legal drug use by young people .
Work
Loretto studies the relationship between sex , age and health . They focus on how gender , health and age interact , particularly in changing attitudes and practices among employees and employers about extending working life .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Marks & Spencer people
Professorships at the University of Edinburgh
Researchers in organizational studies
3R4 is an album by Bruce Gilbert and Graham Lewis , credited as B.C . Gilbert and G. Lewis , respectively . It was released in 1980 by record label 4AD .
Content
Trouser Press wrote : `` 3R4 moves into the ambient drone music pioneered by Brian Eno , and its four tracks achieve an almost symphonic effect '' .
Track listing
Personnel
B.C . Gilbert - guitar , bass , percussion
G. Lewis - guitar , synthesizer , tapes , percussion
Davyd Boyd - bass , voices
Russell Mills - percussion
Technical
Eric Radcliffe - engineer
John Fryer - assistant engineer , tapes
See also
Dome
References
External links
1980 albums
Wire ( band )
The Blastocrithidia nuclear code ( translation table 31 ) is a genetic code used by the nuclear genome of the trypanosomatid genus Blastocrithidia .
The code ( 31 )
AAs = FFLLSSSSYYEECCWWLLLLPPPPHHQQRRRRIIIMTTTTNNKKSSRRVVVVAAAADDEEGGGG
Starts = -- -- -- -- -- * * -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -M -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
Base1 = TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Base2 = TTTTCCCCAAAAGGGGTTTTCCCCAAAAGGGGTTTTCCCCAAAAGGGGTTTTCCCCAAAAGGGG
Base3 = TCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAGTCAG
Bases : adenine ( A ) , cytosine ( C ) , guanine ( G ) and thymine ( T ) or uracil ( U ) .
Amino acids : Alanine ( Ala , A ) , Arginine ( Arg , R ) , Asparagine ( Asn , N ) , Aspartic acid ( Asp , D ) , Cysteine ( Cys , C ) , Glutamic acid ( Glu , E ) , Glutamine ( Gln , Q ) , Glycine ( Gly , G ) , Histidine ( His , H ) , Isoleucine ( Ile , I ) , Leucine ( Leu , L ) , Lysine ( Lys , K ) , Methionine ( Met , M ) , Phenylalanine ( Phe , F ) , Proline ( Pro , P ) , Serine ( Ser , S ) , Threonine ( Thr , T ) , Tryptophan ( Trp , W ) , Tyrosine ( Tyr , Y ) , and Valine ( Val , V ) .
Differences from the standard code
See also
List of all genetic codes : translation tables 1 to 16 , and 21 to 33 .
The genetic codes database .
References
Molecular genetics
Gene expression
Protein biosynthesis
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Virginia , ordered by year . Since its admission to statehood in 1788 , Virginia has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864 during the American Civil War , when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy , and the election of 1868 , when the state was undergoing Reconstruction . As of 2022 , it is the only state of the former Confederacy to vote reliably democratic .
Winners of the state are in bold . The shading refers to the state winner , and not the national winner .
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country . The result of the election , with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery , spurred the secession of eleven states , including Virginia , and brought about the American Civil War .
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party , resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party , and competing for influence in different parts of the country . The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote . It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes ( Andrew Jackson ) did not become President , a source of great bitterness for Jackson and their supporters , who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain .
Elections from 1788-89 to 1820
In the election of 1820 , incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed , winning all 25 of Virginia 's electoral votes , and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire . To the extent that a popular vote was held , it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President .
See also
Elections in Virginia
Notes
References
`` He Hit Me ( And It Felt Like a Kiss ) '' is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King for girl group the Crystals under the guidance of Phil Spector in 1962 . Goffin and King wrote the song after discovering that their babysitter and singer `` Little Eva '' Boyd was being regularly beaten by their boyfriend . When they inquired why they tolerated such treatment , Eva replied , with complete sincerity , that their boyfriend 's actions were motivated by their love for them
Production
Phil Spector 's arrangement was ominous and ambiguous .
Release
Upon its initial release , `` He Hit Me '' received some airplay , but then there was a widespread protest of the song , with many concluding that the song was an endorsement of spousal abuse . Soon , the song was played only rarely on the radio , as now .
The 1930 Frank Borzage film Liliom contains the line `` He hit me and it felt like a kiss '' in its final scene . The film was not a success and nothing suggests that Goffin or King had seen it . Liliom , originally a play by Hungarian playwright Ferenc Molnár , was the basis for the Rodgers and Hammerstein musical classic , Carousel . While King and Goffin may not have seen Liliom , it is possible that they were familiar with the successful 1956 film version of Carousel , which contains essentially the same line . However , King has stated that Little Eva , their babysitter who inspired the song , had used that exact phrase to them .
Carole King , in that same radio interview , said that they were sorry they had ever had anything to do with the song . They were a survivor of repeated domestic abuse ( but not from Goffin , who had been their husband from 1959 to 1969 ) .
In popular culture
In 1994 , Hole released a cover of the song as a b-side to their single `` Softer , Softest '' . In 1995 the band covered the song live for MTV Unplugged .
In 2005 , the English band Spiritualized recorded a song called `` She Kissed Me ( It Felt Like a Hit ) '' .
The Saint Etienne song `` She 's the One '' quotes the song 's title .
The Life with the Thrill Kill Kult song `` Glamour Is a Rocky Road '' quotes the song 's title .
The song was played in its entirety on the September 26 , 2007 , episode of The Tom Leykis Show titled 'The One They Wo n't Play ' . The subject of the show 's hour was in relation to Phil Spector 's writing and production of the song , and the fact that they got married in the period between being accused of the murders and the end of their trial .
The Batman graphic novel Mad Love alludes to this song . When Harley Quinn is asked how it felt to give everything to a man who abused her , they said `` it felt like a kiss '' .
Amy Winehouse frequently mentioned the song as one of their all-time favourite tracks and biggest influences .
In 2008 , Glasvegas released a Christmas EP titled `` A Snowflake Fell and It Felt Like a Kiss , '' the title track being an homage to The Crystals .
The Cardigans song `` And Then You Kissed Me '' rewrites and reinterprets `` He Hit Me '' .
The Antony and the Johnsons song `` Fistful of Love '' deals with nearly identical themes of love and abuse , yet in this version the genders of the song 's characters are ambiguous .
Amy Rigby 's song `` Dancing With Joey Ramone '' lists `` He Hit Me ( and It Felt Like a Kiss ) '' as one of the songs they danced to in their dream .
Mad Men used the song as the closing credit bump on the April 8 , 2012 , episode titled `` Mystery Date . ''
The Nation of Ulysses song `` The Sound of Jazz to Come '' reworks the song 's title into `` she hit me it felt like a kiss '' after riffing on John Coltrane 's `` A Love Supreme . ''
Lana Del Rey uses the line `` Hit me and it felt like a kiss '' in their 2014 song `` Ultraviolence '' from the album of the same name . Prior to this , they used it in their unreleased song `` Beautiful Player . ''
The first season finale of Sex Education on Netflix in 2019 , plays The Grizzly Bear cover in underscoring the unexpected make-out session between bully Adam and the out Eric .
Nicole Dollanganger released their own version of the song , which was included on their album Ode to Dawn Weiner : Embarrassing Love Songs under the same name . Them version turns the theme into that of a consensual BDSM-type relationship . The original plays in both the beginning and the end of their version .
Hozier credits the song as being very similar in sentiment to their song , Cherry Wine .
Cover versions
1982 – The Motels , All Four One
1995 – Courtney Love 's band , Hole , played a cover of the song as part of their MTV Unplugged performance . Love introduced the song by saying , `` This is a really sick song . It 's one of those Spector songs and it was written by Carole King , which… you have to think . '' At the end of the song , Love commented `` Nice feminist anthem . ''
2007 – The Blackeyed Susans , Dedicated to the Ones We Love ( `` She Hit Me ( and It Felt Like a Kiss ) '' )
2007 – Grizzly Bear , during the headlining tour for their album Yellow House . They also recorded the song during a Daytrotter session in February 2007 , to be made available online for download . A studio version of the song was released on the band 's Friend EP while a live take was released as the B-side to `` While You Wait for the Others '' on the Live on KCRW 7 '' .
2008 – Ruby and the Rednecks released a cover of the song live at CBGB 's .
2012 – Kramer , The Brill Building ( Tzadik Records ) singing this song in a gender-reversed rendition swaying wildly between the heart-felt and the satirical .
2013 – Anika , Anika EP
2021 – Veronica Swift , This Bitter World ( Mack Avenue Records )
References
1962 singles
Song recordings produced by Phil Spector
Philles Records singles
The Crystals songs
Songs written by Carole King
Songs with lyrics by Gerry Goffin
Songs about domestic violence
Songs about kissing
1962 songs
Songs based on actual events
Obscenity controversies in music
Stephen P. Randolph is an American historian who served as Director of the Office of the Historian of the United States Department of State from 2012 to 2017 .
Education
Randolph graduated from the United States Air Force Academy in 1974 and then earned a MA in History of Science from the Johns Hopkins University in 1975 and a Ph.D from George Washington University in 2005 .
Career
Previously to their arrival at the State Department , Randolph worked at the Eisenhower School of National Defense from 1997 to 2011 in various roles . Before working at the National Defense University , Randolph had spent 27 years in the U.S. Air Force , commanding a squadron during Operation Desert Storm and becoming a colonel by their retirement from service in 2001 .
Randolph is the author of Powerful and Brutal Weapons : Nixon , Kissinger , and the Easter Offensive , published in 2007 , and is the recipient of the 2018 Roger Trask Award which honours the work of historians that `` reflects the unique importance of federal history '' .
References
External links
Living people
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Columbian College of Arts and Sciences alumni
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
United States Air Force Academy alumni
United States Department of State officials
National Defense University faculty
United States Air Force officers
United States Air Force personnel of the Gulf War
Year of birth missing ( living people )
George Washington University alumni
American male non-fiction writers
Helen Storey , MBE , RDI , FRSA is a British artist and designer living and working in London . They are professor of fashion science at the University of the Arts , London and co-director of The Helen Storey Foundation .
Background and education
Helen Storey attended Hampstead Comprehensive School in North London and graduated in Fashion from Kingston Polytechnic in 1981 . They trained with Valentino and Lancetti in Rome before launching their own label in 1984 . Them father is the late playwright and novelist David Storey .
Career 1984 to 1997
Between 1984 and 1995 , Helen built their reputation in the fashion world . They were awarded Most Innovative Designer and Best Designer Exporter in 1990 and nominated for British Designer of the Year in 1990 and 1991 . In 1994 , Storey designed the dress worn by singer Frances Ruffelle when they performed the UK entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1994 .
The Helen Storey label closed in 1995 , following which Helen wrote and published their autobiography , Fighting Fashion , charting their personal experience within the industry . Published by Faber & Faber , it was described by Sir Paul Smith as ... ‘ At last the truth – a perfect and witty account of life and British Fashion ' .
Primitive Streak
Primitive Streak is a science-art collaboration created in 1997 alongside their sister , developmental biologist , Kate Storey . The project , a collection of twenty seven dresses , conveys eleven key embryonic moments which evolve in the first 1000 hours of human life in textile form and is named after the structure that forms in the blastula during these early stages .
Initially funded by the Wellcome Trust , Primitive Streak was first exhibited at London 's Institute of Contemporary Arts in 1997 before touring in seven countries , winning two awards and being seen by five million people .
The Primitive Streak project was expanded in 2011 through a new commission marking the 75th anniversary of the Wellcome Trust . The White Lung Dress explores the development and function of the lungs and respiratory health .
The Closing Neural Tube Dress was commissioned for the 2015 redevelopment of the Wellcome Collection Reading Room .
The Dark Lung Dress is a part of the National Museum of Scotland 's permanent textile collection .
Helen Storey Foundation
In response to the success of Primitive Streak , Helen Storey and Caroline Coates established The Helen Storey Foundation in 1997 , a not-for-profit arts organisation promoting creativity and innovation .
The foundation has collaborated with numerous scientists , and has created eight international touring projects , notably Primitive Streak , Mental , Wonderland , Eye & I and Dress of Glass and Flame .
The Helen Storey Foundation was closed in 2019 , but remains as an archive resource for students and researchers .
Other career highlights 2004 to present
Eye & I 2005 to present
Eye & I is a performance-led art installation , that seeks to explore the relationship between facial expressions and emotions . The work was created in collaboration with Professor James Coan , professor of psychology , University of Virginia , and has visited schools in South London and events such as the Manchester Science Festival .
Wonderland 2008 to present
Wonderland was a collaborative project between Helen Storey , the London College of Fashion , scientist Professor Tony Ryan of the University of Sheffield , and Trish Belford of Ulster University , that examined plastic packaging and investigated new approaches to how it could be reused and disposed of . The Disappearing Dresses from the exhibition went on to appear at the Royal Academy of Arts , London and toured Europe as part of the Futurotextiles exhibition in 2010/2011 .
A later exhibition , Plastic Is Precious : It 's Buried Sunshine , explored similar themes with a focus on plastic shopping bags , and was held at Meadowhall shopping centre in Sheffield in 2013 .
Catalytic Clothing 2008 to present
Catalytic Clothing is a project developed in collaboration with Professor Tony Ryan to demonstrate how a photocatalyst that breaks down airborne pollutants could be applied to textiles and clothing through the laundry process to improve air quality . The first Catalytic Clothing exhibition , Herself , featured a couture textile sculpture and was first shown in Sheffield in October 2010 before appearing as part of Newcastle ScienceFest in 2011 . It was shown in Dubai in 2012 and toured France in 2013 .
A second exhibition , Field of Jeans , applied the photocatalyst to pairs of denim jeans , to illustrate how it could be used in everyday life . The exhibition appeared in Sheffield , Newcastle and London , and was developed into A Field of Jeans and Kilts for the Edinburgh International Science Festival before appearing at Manchester Science Festival in 2012 .
Catalytic Clothing was announced joint winner of the Sustainability category at the Condé Nast Traveller Innovation & Design Awards 2012 .
Dress of Glass and Flame
A joint collaboration between the Royal Society of Chemistry , the Helen Storey Foundation , University of Sheffield , Berengo Studio and the London College of Fashion , the Dress of Glass and Flame piece was designed to highlight and perpetuate the chemistry behind its creation and production .
First exhibited at the Venice Biennale 2013 , the Dress of Glass and Flame has subsequently gone on display at the Manchester Gallery as part of Manchester Science Festival 2014 , Sheffield Festival of the Mind , and at Summerhall in Edinburgh as part of The Edinburgh International Science Festival 2014 .
Life On The Outskirts 2014 to present
Life on the Outskirts is a AHRC funded project developed with Dr Robert Knifton , Kingston University and Dr Alison Slater , Manchester Metropolitan University that considers mobilising the Helen Storey Foundation archive to create a digital resource that presents key findings as well as interactions and responses from students , members of the public and project participants .
Dress for Our Time 2015 to present
Dress for Our Time was launched at St Pancras International , London in November 2015 , and is an examination of the impact of climate change on human beings . The dress is made from an 'end of life ' UNHCR tent from Jordan and was shown , together with the Dress For Our Time film at the UNHCR Geneva hosted conference Transforming Lives on 11 February 2016 .
UNHCR Artist/Designer in Residence Zaatari Refugee Camp , Jordan 2019 – 2020
In 2019 Helen was given a new role within the Zaatari refugee camp of the first UNHCR Artist in Residence .
In August 2020 , led by the University of Sheffield , Helen Storey and researchers working with the UNHCR were awarded a grant to respond to the COVID-19 crisis in Jordan . People 's PPE : Dealing with a Crisis by Building Livelihoods in Za'atari Refugee Camp was funded by UK Research and Innovation through the UK Government 's Global Challenges Research Fund ( GCRF ) and the Newton Fund .
Academic life
Helen is part of the team at The Centre for Sustainable Fashion at London College of Fashion , where they contribute to research , curriculum and enterprise activities .
Awards and honours
Visiting Professor , University of the Arts 1998
Fellow , Royal Society of the Arts 1999
Research Fellow , University of the Arts , February 2000
Honorary Professorship , Heriot Watt University , 2001
Honorary Professorship King 's College London 2003
Visiting Professor of Material Chemistry , Sheffield University 2008
MBE for Services to The Arts – June 2009
Honorary Doctor of Science University of Sheffield 2012
Honorary Professor of Craft and Design ( DJCA ) University of Dundee 2012
Winner of the Condé Nast Traveler Award , for Best Design & Innovation for the Catalytic Clothing Project ( Sustainability category ) 2012
Royal Designer for Industry , Royal Society of the Arts 2014
Honorary Fellowship Arts University Bournemouth 2014
Publications
Storey , Helen ( 1996 ) . Fighting Fashion . Faber & Faber .
Contributor to the Designer Fact File , a guide to setting up a fashion business commissioned by the Department of Trade and Industry and the British Fashion Council
References
External sources
Helen Storey Foundation website
Helen Storey Foundation Tumblr
University of the Arts Research Staff
Centre For Sustainable Fashion : Dress For Our Time
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
British fashion designers
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Lenore Von Stein is a composer and soprano .
Von Stein began their artistic career as an actor and playwright . They originated the role in Samuel Beckett 's monologue The Expelled . Them own play , The Adventures of Mae Witt , was produced in New York in 1987 .
Von Stein 's CD recordings include : Love Is Dead ( 1995 ) ; Blind Love = Porno ? ( 1996 ) ; The Electronic-Acoustic Ensemble ( 1997 ) ; I Have n't Been Able to Lie and Tell the Truth ( 2002 ) and Art and Money ( 2006 ) .
Von Stein currently serves as the artistic director of 1687 , Inc. , a non-profit organization supporting contemporary abstract expressionists . In 2009 1687 began producing episodes of Lenore Von Stein 's series The Facts for broadcast and web TV .
References
External links
Leonore Von Stein performing them works The Faith Of Whores and You 're So Beautiful with another singer and four musicians at Roulette Intermedium
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American sopranos
Yaroslav Zaiats ( ) is a Soviet and Ukrainian former professional footballer played as a defender .
Career
They began playing at Nyva Vinnytsia from 1980 until 1990 , where they played 330 and scored 20 goals . In 1990 they moved to Błękitni Kielce in Poland . Here they stayed until 1994 where they played 94 matches and scored two goals . In 1994 they returned to Ukraine on the football club of Bukovyna Chernivtsi until 1997 , where they played 65 matches and scored two goals also with the club got second place in Ukrainian First League in 1995–96 . In 1997 they moved to Desna Chernihiv , where they played 66 matches and scored one goal , where they contributed to win the Ukrainian Second League in the season 1996–97 .
Honours
Desna Chernihiv
Ukrainian Second League : 1996–97
References
External links
Yaroslav Zaiats allplayers.in.ua
1960 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Soviet expatriate footballers
Ukrainian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Desna Chernihiv players
FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi players
FC Nyva Vinnytsia players
Błękitni Kielce players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Soviet expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Pugo and Togo were a Filipino comedy team in Philippine movies during the 1940s up to the 1950s . Composed of Mariano Contreras ( 1910–1978 ) and Andres Solomon ( 1905–1952 ) , their brand of humor consisted of short skits , slapstick , and funny dialogues presented in Manila 's theaters , most particularly Clover Theater and Avenue Theater . Mariano Contreras starred as Pugo , while Solomon portrayed Togo . They were both bald headed .
Contreras and Solomon started out as the Laurel and Hardy of the Philippines . They began their career as vaudeville performers in the 1930s and were a hit during the Japanese Occupation , where they poked fun of the Japanese ; in that period , they did stage shows and branched out into films before the war . Among the films they made in the early 1940s were Utos ng Hari , Hindi Mababali , Sa Lumang Simbahan and Binibiro Lamang Kita . During the Japanese Occupation , the tandem was renamed Tuguing and Puguing . This was done to avoid confusion because Togo sounded too similar to Tojo , the name of the Prime Minister of Japan during the early 1940s . After the war , Pugo and Togo resumed their film career and did several movies for LVN Pictures : Tambol Mayor ( co-starring Jaime de la Rosa and Tessie Quintana ) , Dalawang Prinsipeng Kambal , Magkumpareng Putik ( with Lilia Dizon ) , Ang Kandidato , Nagsaulian ng Kandila , Dalawang Sundalong Kanin and Biglang Yaman . The comic duo also did a radio sitcom , Edong Mapangarap , with Eddie San Jose and Hollywood starlet Joan Page . Contreras and Solomon would continue to appear in films until 1952 , with the latter 's abrupt death during the filming of Dalawang Sundalong Kanin , which starred also Togo , Nida Blanca and Nestor de Villa .
Before the teaming
Pugo
Pugo ( July 12 , 1910 – December 12 , 1978 ) was born Mariano Contreras .
Togo
Togo ( November 30 , 1905 – November 3 , 1952 ) was born Andres Solomon . They lived in Manila and Marikina .
References
Comedy duos
Comedy theatre characters
Filipino male comedians
Filipino male silent film actors
Silent film comedians
Vaudeville performers
Belsazar de la Motte Hacquet ( also Balthasar or Balthazar Hacquet ) ( c. 1739 – 10 January 1815 ) was a Carniolan physician of French descent in the Enlightenment Era . They were a war surgeon , a surgeon in the mining town of Idrija , and a professor of anatomy and surgery in Laibach ( now Ljubljana ) . They researched the geology and botany of Carniola , Istria , and nearby places , and was the first explorer of the Julian Alps . They also did ethnographical work among the South Slavic peoples , particularly among the Slovene-speaking population . They self-identified primarily as a chemist and introduced the methods of chemical analysis to Carniola .
Life
Hacquet was mysterious about the time and place of their birth and the two have remained uncertain , although sources agree that they were an illegitimate child . Most sources have cited the information from their autobiography that they were born in 1739 or 1740 in Le Conquet , Brittany to an aristocratic father . When they lived in Ljubljana , they told Sigmund Zois that they were born to a Russian grandee , but this has not been supported by any sources . In 1821 , the German lexicon Das Gelehrte Teutschland mentioned that they had been born in Metz , Lorraine . A 2003 investigation in the town archives in Metz has given further credence to the claim that Hacquet had been born in this town or its vicinity . The author hypothesised that Balthasar Hacquet was a son of a poor mother and an unknown father , baptised on 11 August 1736 as Jean . However , the question remains unsettled pending further research .
Hacquet studied in Vienna , and was a military surgeon during the Seven Years ' War ( 1756–1763 ) . Since 1766 until 1773 they were the miners ' surgeon and obstetrician in Idrija . In 1772 they became member of the Carniolan Agricultural Society . In 1773 they became a teacher of anatomy , physiology and obstetrics at Ljubljana Lyceum . From 1787 until 1805 they were a professor at the Lviv University ( University of Lemberg ) . Then they worked in Krakow , where they stayed until 1809 . In 1807 they became dean of the Medical Faculty . From 1810 , when they retired , they lived in Vienna .
Work
Hacquet is remembered for their scientific journeys throughout the Austrian Empire . They were a polymath , and performed research in the fields of geology , mineralogy , botany , chemistry , ethnography , petrology and karstology . They are recognized as the first scientist to perform extensive exploration of the Julian Alps . In 1777 they were the first to try to ascend to the top of Triglav ( 2864 m ) , the highest peak in Slovenia , and reached Mali Triglav ( 2725 m ) . In 1789 they published a description of the 1786 debris flow at the Slano Blato Landslide . They were the first after Carl Linnaeus to distinguish the mineral dolomite from the limestone and described it already in 1778 , 13 years earlier than Déodat Gratet de Dolomieu , as the `` stinking stone '' ( , ) . They met with Dolomieu in Laibach in 1784 .
Among Hacquet 's written works is the four-volume Oryctographia Carniolica , which included a geological and mineralogical study of Carniola , Istria , and surrounding districts . In this work , published in Leipzig from 1778 until 1789 , they provided an in-depth report of the Idrija mercury mine , where they worked for some time with the physician and naturalist Giovanni Antonio Scopoli . They were also the author of an ethnographical study of South Slavic peoples called Slavus Venedus Illyricus . From 1774 to 1787 , they were the secretary of the Carniolan Agricultural Society , members of which were also other prominent members of the Enlightenment , such as Sigmund Zois , Blaž Kumerdej , Gabriel Gruber , Peter Pavel Glavar , and Anton Tomaž Linhart .
As a botanist Hacquet wrote a book on alpine flora from Carniola called Plantae alpinae Carniolicae . The botanical genus Hacquetia is named after him , as well as the plant species Pedicularis hacquetii ( Hacquet 's lousewort ) . On one of their excursions , they discovered `` on the evening , Trenta side of Triglav , a new species of scabious '' and picked it for their herbarium collection , nowadays preserved in the Natural History Museum of Slovenia . They called the species Scabiosa trenta in the published description , and drew it . Many botanists have sought the mysterious pale yellow scabious , among them also the young Julius Kugy . They searched for the mysterious flower , and though they were not able to find it , this led them to become a great explorer and describer of the Julian Alps . The Austrian botanist , Anton Kerner von Marilaun , later proved Belsazar Hacquet had not found a new species , but a specimen of the already known submediterranean Cephalaria leucantha .
Hacquet was a fervent collector . In Ljubljana they operated a natural history cabinet ( ) , which was appreciated throughout Europe and was visited by the highest nobility , including the Holy Roman Emperor , Joseph II , the Russian grand duke Paul and Pope Pius VI , as well as by famous naturalists , such as and . It included a number of minerals , including specimens of mercury from the Idrija mine , a herbarium vivum with over 4,000 specimens of Carniolan and foreign plants , a smaller number of animal specimens , a natural history and medical library , and an anatomical theatre .
Publications
Slavus-Venedus-Illyricus ; Abbildung und Beschreibung der südwest- und östlichen Wenden , Illyrer und Slaven
Plantae alpinae carniolicae , 1782
Hacquet 's mineralogisch-botanische Lustreise , von dem Berg Terglou in Krain zu dem Berg Glockner in Tyrol , im Jahr 1779 und 81 , 1783
Hacquet 's neueste physikalischpolitische Reisen in den Jahren 1788 und 1789 durch die dacischen und sarmatischen oder nördlichen Karpathe . two volumes , 1790–1791
Reise durch die norischen Alpen physikalischen und andern Inhalts unternommen in den Jahren 1784 bis 1786 ... Nuremberg , 1791
Physische und technische Beschreibung der Flintensteine ... Viena , 1792
Bemerkungen über die Entstehung der Feuer- oder Flintensteine , etc . Berlin , 1806
L'Illyrie et la Dalmatie , ou mœurs , usages et costumes de leurs habitants ... ( translation from German to French for Jean Baptiste Joseph Breton de La Martinière ( 1777–1852 ) , two volumes , 1815
Commemoration
A memorial relief to Belsazar Hacquet was erected in 1987 in Ljubljana at Upper Square ( ) on the facade of the house No . 4 , where they lived from 1773 to 1787 and operated their cabinet . The relief is work of the sculptor Albin Ambrožič . They have been also commemorated in a new species of fossil coral : Aulopora hacqueti Zapalski , 2005
References
External links
Neueste physikalisch-politische Reisen , In den Jahren 1788 und 1789 , Durch die Dacischen und Sarmatischen oder Nördlichen Karpathen , Erster und zweyter Theil ( 1791 ) at Austrian Literature Online/University of Innsbruck
Neueste physikalisch-politische Reisen In der Jahren 1791 , 92 und 93 Durch die Dacischen und Sarmatischen oder Nördlichen Karpathen Dritter und vierter Theil ( 1794 ) at Austrian Literature Online/University of Innsbruck
1730s births
1815 deaths
Carniolan physicians
Carniolan geologists
Carniolan botanists
Carniolan ethnographers
Carniolan scientists
Karstologists
University of Vienna alumni
Carniolan collectors
Physicians in the Holy Roman Empire
Carniolan mountain climbers
People from Idrija
Epidesmia perfabricata is a moth of the family Geometridae . It is found in Australia .
The wingspan is about 35 mm .
References
Moths of Australia
Oenochrominae
Moths described in 1861
Karataş Şahinbey Sport Hall ( ) is an indoor multi-purpose sport venue that is located in the Gaziantep , Turkey . Opened in 2010 , the hall has a seating capacity of 6,400 spectators . It is home to Gaziantep Basketbol , which plays currently in the Turkish Basketball League .
It was the venue for the 2014-15 Turkish Cup Basketball play-offs .
References
Sports venues completed in 2010
Indoor arenas in Turkey
Basketball venues in Turkey
Turkish Basketball League venues
The 2021 Gippsland Trophy was a tournament on the 2021 WTA Tour . It was played on outdoor hard courts in Melbourne , Australia . It was organised as a lead-up tournament to the 2021 Australian Open , and was held at the same venue , due to other tournaments in Australia being cancelled as a result from the COVID-19 pandemic . This tournament took place simultaneously with the 2021 Yarra Valley Classic and the 2021 Grampians Trophy . Players who had originally intended to participate in this tournament or the Yarra Valley Classic , but were forced to undergo strict quarantine measures upon arrival in Australia , were able to participate in the 2021 Grampians Trophy . The entry list of 2021 Australian Open was used to determine the entry list of this tournament ; with half the players ( selected randomly ) playing the Gippsland Trophy , and the other half playing the 2021 Yarra Valley Classic .
Champions
Singles
Elise Mertens def . Kaia Kanepi , 6–4 , 6–1
Doubles
Barbora Krejčíková / Kateřina Siniaková def . Chan Hao-ching / Latisha Chan , 6–3 , 7–6 ( 7–4 )
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
* per team
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 25 January 2021
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards :
Destanee Aiava
Olivia Gadecki
Arina Rodionova
Astra Sharma
The following players received entry using a protected ranking into the Australian Open singles main draw , and hence this tournament as well :
Katie Boulter
Anastasia Potapova
Wang Yafan
The following players received entry from the Australian Open qualifying draw :
Tímea Babos
Sara Errani
Mayo Hibi
Kaja Juvan
Rebecca Marino
Whitney Osuigwe
Chloé Paquet
Valeria Savinykh
The following players received entry into this tournament as they were potential lucky losers for the Australian Open singles main draw :
Mihaela Buzărnescu
Margarita Gasparyan
Varvara Lepchenko
Anna Karolína Schmiedlová
Lesia Tsurenko
The following players received entry as an alternate :
Caty McNally
Monica Niculescu
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Zarina Diyas → replaced by Monica Niculescu
Nao Hibino → replaced by Caty McNally
During the tournament
Karolína Muchová
Naomi Osaka
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of 25 January 2021
Other entrants
The following pairs received a wildcard into the doubles main draw :
Destanee Aiava / Astra Sharma
Daria Gavrilova / Simona Halep
Abbie Myers / Ivana Popovic
The following pair received entry using a protected ranking :
Mona Barthel / Zhu Lin
Withdrawals
During the tournament
Daria Gavrilova / Simona Halep
References
External links
2021
2021 WTA Tour
2021 in Australian tennis
January 2021 sports events in Australia
February 2021 sports events in Australia
The HEC O'Connor Cup , also referred to as the Michael O'Connor Cup , is the senior Ladies ' Gaelic football intervarsity cup competition . It features teams representing universities and institutes of technology from the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland . It is organised by the Higher Education Colleges committee of the Ladies ' Gaelic Football Association . Mary Immaculate College won the inaugural competition in 1987 . University of Limerick is the competitions most successful team . Since 2018 the O'Connor Cup has been sponsored by Gourmet Food Parlour . It was previously sponsored by the Irish Examiner . During the 2010s the O'Connor Cup final has been broadcast live by TG4 and/or YouTube . Since 1993 teams knocked out in the early rounds of the O'Connor Cup have subsequently competed in the consolation competition , the O'Connor Shield .
Finals
Winners by team
O'Connor Shield
Since 1993 teams knocked out in the early rounds of the O'Connor Cup have subsequently competed in the consolation competition , the Micheal O'Connor Shield . In 2019 the Shield was effectively a 5th/6th place play-off .
References
1987 establishments in Ireland
Gaelic games competitions at Irish universities
Ladies ' Gaelic football competitions
Metcalfe County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . Its county seat is Edmonton . The county was founded in May 1860 and named for Thomas Metcalfe , Governor of Kentucky from 1828 to 1832 . Metcalfe County is part of the Glasgow , KY Micropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Bowling Green-Glasgow , KY Combined Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.5 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Hart County ( northwest )
Green County ( northeast )
Adair County ( east )
Cumberland County ( southeast )
Monroe County ( south )
Barren County ( west )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 10,037 people , 4,016 households , and 2,883 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 4,592 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.26 % White , 1.64 % Black or African American , 0.25 % Native American , 0.07 % Asian , 0.13 % from other races , and 0.65 % from two or more races . 0.53 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 4,016 households , out of which 32.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.10 % were married couples living together , 10.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.20 % were non-families . 25.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 12.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.93 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.60 % under the age of 18 , 8.20 % from 18 to 24 , 28.50 % from 25 to 44 , 23.60 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females , there were 95.20 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.60 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 23,540 , and the median income for a family was $ 29,178 . Males had a median income of $ 22,430 versus $ 18,591 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,236 . About 18.80 % of families and 23.60 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 29.20 % of those under age 18 and 27.90 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
City
Edmonton ( county seat )
Census-designated place
Summer Shade
Other unincorporated communities
Beaumont
Center
Knob Lick
Randolph
Savoyard
Sulphur Well
Wisdom
Landmarks
The Cut
Devil 's Den Cave
Ghost Towns
Alone
Politics
Metcalfe County lies at the northwestern end of the Unionist bloc of counties that covered the eastern Pennyroyal and the Pottsville Escarpment of the Eastern Coalfield . Metcalfe itself was strongly Unionist during the Civil War , and has been Republican for almost all the period since Reconstruction , though not to the same overwhelming extent as the counties to its east and south : Jimmy Carter even obtained 57 percent of the vote in 1976 , and four other Democrats have narrowly carried the county since 1880 – although , as with all of rural Appalachia , the county has become overwhelmingly Republican in the twenty-first century due to views on environmental , social and cultural issues increasingly at odds with the national Democratic party .
See also
Dry counties
National Register of Historic Places listings in Metcalfe County , Kentucky
The Kentucky Headhunters , a country music/southern rock act that formed in Metcalfe County
Black Stone Cherry , an American hard rock/southern rock act that formed in Metcalfe County ( Edmonton , KY )
References
Kentucky counties
Glasgow , Kentucky , micropolitan area
Counties of Appalachia
1860 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1860
The Welsh Highland Heritage Railway is a short reconstructed heritage railway in Gwynedd , Wales . Its main station is in Porthmadog .
History
The origins of the WHHR lie in a small group of railway enthusiasts , including some disgruntled volunteers from the Festiniog Railway , forming the Welsh Highland Railway Society in 1961 , to preserve and rebuild the original Welsh Highland Railway which had operated from 1922 to 1936 .
Land running alongside the Cambrian coastline at Beddgelert Siding was acquired from British Railways in December 1972 . Work started on construction of the railway in 1973 . A substantial works and engineering facility was constructed on the site of the former farm that was situated in the triangle of land between the Beddgelert Siding , the Cambrian Coast Railway and the original Welsh Highland Railway trackbed . The works have been expanded with newly constructed sheds and the re-use of some of the original agricultural buildings , which include one of the oldest buildings in Porthmadog . A museum of narrow gauge railways is part to the works tour and from 2009 , with the construction of a new building , this has more than doubled in size .
The original Welsh Highland Railway has been reconstructed by the Festiniog Railway Company and the Welsh Highland Railway Limited .
Present
The railway offers a short train ride in heritage carriages to ( where there is a physical connection to the current Welsh Highland Railway ) , just under a mile away from Porthmadog . On the return journey the train stops at , the location of the workshops and museum , where visitors can also ride on the Miniature Railway before returning to .
The railway is mostly run by volunteers , who operate the trains and maintain the railway and its infrastructure .
In 2014 , Russell the only steam loco to survive from the original WHR , returned to service after a major overhaul costing about £250,000 . Russell had been out of service since 2003 .
Operations
The railway currently operates trains from March to November from their main station , which is located opposite the Network Rail station in Porthmadog on Tremadog Road . Trains run for to , where the railway connects with the WHR mainline . On the return journey , the train stops at Gelert 's Farm halt , allowing passengers to visit the museum and a gauge miniature railway .
In 2007 and 2008 , an additional short section of line was in use between and Traeth Mawr Loop . This line was built as part of an agreement signed in 1998 with the Ffestiniog Railway and allowed WHR Ltd. to run on the original Welsh Highland Railway trackbed for the first time . As part of the agreement , the section closed and became a construction site when the Ffestiniog Railway constructed WHR mainline from Caernarvon was connected in 2008 .
Stations
Porthmadog ( WHHR )
Gelerts Farm Works Halt
Pen-y-Mount Junction railway station
Traeth Mawr Loop ( no passenger access - Temporary 2007–2008 )
Rolling stock
See also
British narrow-gauge railways
South African Class NG 15 2-8-2
References
Further reading
Videos
Train going through Cynfal Crossing
Opening of Traeth Mawr Part 1 Part 2 Part 3 Part 4 Part 5
Pen-y-Mount
External links
More technical and historical information
Welsh Highland Railway - official site
The Welsh Highland Railway Project - official construction site
Welsh Highland Railway - unofficial construction site
The Pont Croesor Extension
Welsh Highland Railway History
Live.com map of route
Porthmadog
Heritage railways in Gwynedd
Narrow gauge railways in Gwynedd
Slate industry in Wales
1 ft 11½ in gauge railways in Wales
The Cocos flycatcher ( Nesotriccus ridgwayi ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae , and the only species in the genus Nesotriccus .
It is endemic to Cocos Island off Costa Rica . This tyrant flycatcher is a small ( 13 cm ) grey bird with a long bill .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical swamps , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland .
It is thought to be threatened by introduced species , particularly rats and feral cats which prey on the species and pigs which destroy habitat . There is no evidence yet of a decline , but is listed as vulnerable due to its tiny range .
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet .
Cocos flycatcher
Endemic birds of Costa Rica
Cocos flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Louisiana , ordered by year . Since its admission to statehood in 1812 , Louisiana has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864 , during the American Civil War . At that time , Louisiana was controlled by the Union and held elections , but electors were not ultimately counted .
Winners of the state are in bold . The shading refers to the state winner , and not the national winner .
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country . The result of the election , with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery , spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War .
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Elections from 1812 to 1824
In elections from 1812 to 1824 , Louisiana did not conduct a popular vote . Each Elector was appointed by state legislature .
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party , resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party , and competing for influence in different parts of the country . The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote . It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes ( Andrew Jackson ) did not become President , a source of great bitterness for Jackson and their supporters , who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain .
See also
Elections in Louisiana
Notes
References
The Kenya Ceramic Jiko is a portable , charcoal-burning stove used for cooking , found primarily in urban homes in Kenya . It was developed through the collaboration of both local and international groups , to reduce fuel consumption .
Description
The Kenya Ceramic Jiko , known as KCJ , is a stove which uses charcoal as fuel . It has as an hourglass shape , and it is made from a metal exterior , with a ceramic internal liner . The ceramic liner has holes in its base , which allows ash to fall through and be collected in the box located at the bottom of the stove . The depth of the most universally used types of the KCJ range from 70 to 100 mm .
History
The idea for the Kenya Ceramic Jiko came from the Thai Bucket Stove and was modeled after the Kenyan Traditional Metal Stove known as TMS . It was from the re-designing of these two stoves that the Kenya Ceramic Jiko was created . Through the collaboration of both local and international organizations , the Kenya Ceramic Jiko evolved and took shape . Organizations such as CARE , UNICEF , The Bellerive Foundation , as well as the United States and German aid agencies all played a role in the development and promotion of the KCJ . The Kenya Energy and Environment Organization ( KENGO ) has played an active role in increasing awareness , and promoting the use of the Kenya Ceramic Jiko since 1982 .
Engineering
To produce the Kenya Ceramic Jiko , two main materials are needed : clay to make the ceramic , and metal . The moulding of the stove is made from mild sheet metal , which can be attained from scrap metal such as that found in bitumen drums . For the sheet metal , the minimum required thickness is 0.5 mm , and the maximum is 0.8 mm . All joints in the metal frame are held together using either riveting or folding . For the pot-rest , a steel round bar between 7–8 mm in thickness should be used , while an 0.8 mm thick sheet metal should be used to create the pot-feet . The metal used to create the base of the stove can be even thinner , about 0.25 mm thick , as the ceramic inner lining protects it from direct contact with heat .
The ceramic part of the stove is made with clay , which is shaped and then fired . The qualities for the ideal type of clay for use are : ability to maintain good strength when fired at 900 °C ; ability to remain slightly porous when temperatures reach 1150 °C ; the clay should not warp or change shape when fired at 1250 °C . When the clay is fired up , it should turn to a light pink to white colour , and , to reduce the likelihood of cracking , it should shrink less than 8 % after being fired . Clay which meets all the above standards is generally referred to as a `` fireclay '' .
To produce the Kenya Ceramic Jiko , two types of skilled labour are needed , a metalworker , and a clay worker . Other than a hammer , all other tools needed to manufacture the Kenya Ceramic Jiko can be found from scraps or hand made .
Health
Open indoor combustion of wood , coal , charcoal , peat ( virtually any plant matter ) can lead to health problems . At the temperature of a normal fire , these materials `` burn dirty , '' wasting much of their potential fuel in the form of smoke . This incomplete combustion means that toxic gases ( i.e. , smoke , containing chemicals such as carbon monoxide , nitrous oxide , sulfur oxides ) and particulate matter are blown up into the room 's atmosphere . These gases and particles are clearly linked to increased risk of cancer and serious acute or chronic respiratory problems . The simplest way for people relying on open fires to reduce this risk may be to thoroughly dry ( or dehydrate ) fuel before burning it . The less water in the fuel , the hotter the fire , the cleaner the combustion , the cleaner the indoor air quality . Drying tinder is especially helpful , since wet tinder – with no help from the heat of an established fire – produces particularly harmful smoke .
Environment
In Kenya about 70 % of energy consumed is from wood fuel , with 80 % of the population dependent upon it . Rural stove users typically burn wood directly , while the urban population tends to burn charcoal as fuel . The Kenyan Ministry of Energy and Regional Development estimated that , in 1986 , the annual demand for wood as a fuel was 18.7 million tonnes , and growing at a rate of 3.6 % per year . Cutting down trees for fuel has led to environmental degradation , including loss of forests , loss of biodiversity , destruction of habitats , and an increase in soil erosion . Reserves of wood were being exhausted by 40 % more than the rate of replacement .
Benefits
When used properly , the Kenya Ceramic Jiko has the ability to reduce fuel consumption by 20–50 % , therefore reducing the demand for wood as a fuel resource . The stove may reduce 20 % of emissions produced from incomplete combustion ; however studies are still being conducted to confirm this . In addition , the Ceramic Jiko increases child safety as the ceramic liner prevents the stove from becoming extremely hot .
References
Kenyan cuisine
Charcoal
Stoves
Aubigny is a rural town and locality in the Toowoomba Region , Queensland , Australia . In the , the locality of Aubigny had a population of 254 people .
Geography
The former locality of Tangkam ( ) is in the northern part of Aubigny . It took its name from the Tangkam railway station ( ) on the Cecil Plains railway line . The name Tangkam is believed to be an Aboriginal word meaning sour .
The Toowoomba–Cecil Plains Road runs along the southern boundary , and the Oakey-Pittsworth Road passes through from north-east to south-west .
History
Crosshill State School opened on 9 August 1880 and closed on 1940 . It was at 317 Ciesiolka Road ( ) .
Aubigny was at the centre of the Westbrook Homestead area .
The town lots were offered for sale in the new town of Aubigny in December 1885 , but only two lots were sold at that time , one to the Lutheran church and one to the Catholic church .
St John 's Lutheran Church opened in 1886 . On Sunday 22 September 1929 , a new larger church was built with the 1886 church becoming the church hall .
Aubigny Post Office opened around September 1907 ( a receiving office had been open since 1894 ) and closed in 1968 .
Aubigny State School opened 24 January 1921 and closed about 27 October 1967 . It was at 1309 Oakey Pittsworth Road ( ) .
The town was serviced by the Cecil Plains railway line between 1915 and 1994 .
Tangkam State School opened on 26 November 1918 . It closed on 22 January 1961 . It was at 25 Brennan Road ( ) .
At the , Aubigny had a population of 386 people .
In the , the locality of Aubigny had a population of 254 people .
Education
There are no schools in Aubigny . The nearest government primary schools are Oakey State School in neighbouring Oakey to the north and Biddeston State School in neighbouring Biddeston to the east . The nearest government secondary school is Oakey State High School , also in Oakey .
Amenities
St John 's Lutheran Church is at 2 Aubigny Crosshill Road ( ) . It is part of the Australian Evangelican Lutheran Church .
References
Further reading
— includes Gowrie Little Plains School , Aubigny School , Crosshill School , Devon Park State School , Silverleigh State School , Boodua School , Greenwood State School , Kelvinhaugh State School
External links
Towns in Queensland
Toowoomba Region
Localities in Queensland
Sallent ( ) is a municipality in the comarca of Bages , Province of Barcelona , in the Autonomous Community of Catalonia , Spain . The river Llobregat divides the municipality into two halves . Its main resources are mining and industry . It was the birthplace of Saint Anthony Mary Claret ( 1807–1870 )
Demography
According to Spanish census data , this is the population of Sallent in recent years .
References
External links
La Disputació de Barcelona - Municipal Directory : Sallent
Government data pages
Municipalities in Bages
James Truman Wilcox III ( born October 15 , 1962 ) is an American farmer and politician from Washington . Wilcox is a Republican Party member of the Washington House of Representatives , representing the 2nd district since 2011 .
On March 8 , 2018 , Wilcox was elected Minority Leader by the House Republican Caucus of the Washington State Legislature , following the retirement of Representative Dan Kristiansen . Wilcox also serves on the House Appropriations , Finance , and Rules Committees .
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award . Presented by NFIB .
2020 Guardians of Small Business . Presented by NFIB .
Personal life
Wilcox 's wife is Kathy Wilcox . They have three children . Wilcox and their family live in Yelm , Washington .
References
External links
J.T . Wilcox at ballotpedia.org
James Truman `` JT '' Wilcox III at ourcampaigns.com
Wilcox Strategies
1962 births
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Thurston County , Washington
Washington ( state ) Republicans
Washington State University alumni
Universidad Nacional Experimental Simón Rodríguez is a university in Caracas founded in 1974 .
Universities and colleges in Caracas
Educational institutions established in 1974
1974 establishments in Venezuela
Acacia anaticeps , also known as duck-headed wattle , is a shrub or tree of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves . It is native to arid areas of north western Australia .
Description
The glabrous shrub or tree typically grows to a height of but can be as high as and has corky , deeply furrowed gery coloured bark . Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves . The green to grey-green to blue-green leathery textured phyllodes have an inequilaterally obovate-elliptic to duck 's head shape and are the broadest above the middle with a conspicuously rounded upper margin and a straight lower margin . The phyllodes are usually in length and wide with three to eight main longitudinal nerves with anastomosing minor nerves . It blooms from April to June and produces yellow flowers .
Distribution
It is endemic to arid areas in the Kimberley and Pilbara regions of Western Australia where it is often situated on sand dunes and pindan country growing in red sandy or sandy-loamy soils . The range of the plant extends from the northern boundary of the Pilbara region northwards to around Broome in the north west to around Kumpupintil Lake and Lake Gregory in the east and is sometimes found on heavier , sometimes saline , soils .
See also
List of Acacia species
References
anaticeps
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1972
Taxa named by Mary Tindale
Evangelical church St. John in Sosnowiec , Poland – parish church of the Evangelical-Augsburg parish in Sosnowiec , located at ul . Stefan Żeromski 1 .
History
Built on the initiative of Heinrich Dietel , based on the factory hall of cotton spinning factory in 1880 , adapted for worship services in 1886 , then expanded according to Ignatz Grünfeld 's design of the tower in 1888 , which was raised from 1909 to 1910 . The building took on an eclectic form with elements of neobarok .
There are two commemorative plaques on the church dated 8 November 1880 , which refers to the construction of a factory hall ( or the first Lutheran service in the Lutheran church service ) , and an informant , mistakenly saying that the church was built in the mid-nineteenth century .
References
Buildings and structures in Sosnowiec
Sosnowiec
Lutheran churches in Poland
Adelphacaridae is a family of mites belonging to the order Sarcoptiformes .
Genera :
Adelphacarus Grandjean , 1952
Aphelacarus Grandjean , 1932
Beklemisheria Zachvatkin , 1945
Monoaphelacarus Subias & Arillo , 2002
References
Sarcoptiformes
Sahana is an Indian Tamil-language TV series produced by K. Balachander . It is a sequel to the 1985 film Sindhu Bhairavi which Balachander directed . The first episode was aired on Jaya TV on 24 February 2003 .
Cast
Y. G. Mahendran as JKB aka JK.Balaganapathy
Anuradha Krishnamoorthy as Sindhu
Sulakshana as Bhairavi
Kavya Shekar as Sahana
Prakash Raj
Bombay Gnanam
Krishna as Surya
Kavithalaya Krishnan
Renuka
AR.Srinivasan
Madhan Bob
Delhi Ganesh
Janakaraj
Achamillai Gopi
TV.Varadharajan
Oorvambu Lakshmi
Revathi Shankar
Suganthi Perumal
Shailaja
Sri Ranjini
Sureshwar
Vishnu
Rajkamal
Mohan.V.Ram
Master Sriram
Hemamalini
Preetha Raghav
Sri Vidya
Sonia Bose
Giridharan
Production
Development
Though K. Balachander had been toying with the idea of making a sequel to their 1985 film Sindhu Bhairavi for over 10 years since the early 1990s , they eventually abandoned the idea as they believed people would compare it unfavourably to the film . Near the end of the TV series Anni , produced by their company Minbimangal , they went searching for an idea for their next series and rediscovered the sequel to the film they had written years before , albeit not very diligently . The title of the series Sahana is a reference to the Carnatic raga of the same name .
Casting
Balachander initially wanted the main cast of the film to reprise their roles in the series . Sivakumar was unable to return as JKB as they were committed to another series . Suhasini was willing to return as Sindhu , but Balachander decided on recasting . Executive Subha said , `` You can not separate JKB and Sindhu . Sir ( Balachander ) felt if we are going to have a different JKB , let 's have a different Sindhu too '' . The role of JKB went to Y. G. Mahendran . They considered it a challenge to portray JKB , due to their reputation as a comedian . Balachander and their unit were initially unable to locate Sulakshana , who played Bhairavi in the film and had long since retired from acting , and decided to kill off Bhairavi . However , Sulakshana learned about the project and approached Balachander , saying they would portray Bhairavi . The script was rewritten to have their character alive . Sulakshana said , `` [ Bhairavi ] is still the same soft person . The only difference is they are older and the mother of two children . There is more understanding between JKB and Bhairavi now -- they do n't fight with him '' . Carnatic singer Anuradha Krishnamoorthy , who had never acted before , was approached by Minbimangal to portray Sindhu . They were reluctant to accept the offer , due to their lack of interest in acting . But after their husband persuaded , they met Balachander , who promised to ensure that their commitment to the series would not affect their concerts ; Anuradha then agreed to the role . Newcomer Kavya Shekar was cast as the title character after one of their father 's friends recommended them to Balachander .
Music
Rajhesh Vaidhya composed the songs for the series . Carnatic singers Balamurali krishna and Sudha Ragunathan sang the title song.While Dr.Narayanan , Saindhavi , Mahathi and others were also sung the songs.Pulamaipithan were written the all songs
Broadcast
The first episode aired on Jaya TV on 24 February 2003 .
References
2000s Tamil-language television series
Jaya TV television series
Sequel television series
Mavai-ye Sofla ( , also Romanized as Māvāī-ye Soflá ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 46 , in 16 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
John Walter Denton Oliver ( 13 April 1918 in Crook , County Durham , England – 1973 ) was an international speedway rider who qualified for the Speedway World Championship finals three times .
Career summary
Oliver started speedway in 1945 and was given guidance and support from pre war rider Bob Harrison . In 1946 they joined the Belle Vue Aces . After an impressive first two seasons they were called up to race for England in the 1947-1948 Ashes test series in Australia .
In 1949 Oliver reached the first of their three World final appearances but in 1951 they announced their retirement . In 1951 they were tempted into riding again by the Bradford Tudors . Belle Vue signed them up again at the start of 1952 but they later rejoined the Tudors and remained there until they retired in 1954 . They came out of retirement in 1956 to ride nine meetings for the Tudors but again retired .
In 1963 , at the age of forty-five they returned to racing for the Sheffield Tigers in the Provincial League following a call from Frank Varey . They stayed there for two seasons until 1965 when the Belle Vue Aces used them for a few matches that season . They finally retired at the end of 1965 but remained on the staff at Belle Vue . They became team manager and in 1970 , 1971 and 1972 the team won the British League .
In 1973 Dent suffered a serious deterioration in their health and died in December .
World final appearances
1949 - London , Wembley Stadium - 16th - 0pts
1950 - London , Wembley Stadium - 11th - 6pts
1953 - London , Wembley Stadium - Res - 1pt
References
1918 births
1973 deaths
British speedway riders
English motorcycle racers
Belle Vue Aces riders
Sheffield Tigers riders
John George MacKay ( November 6 , 1893 – October 21 , 1974 ) was a farmer and political figure on Prince Edward Island . They represented 4th Prince in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1949 to 1966 as a Liberal . MacKay was the 20th Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward Island , serving from October 6 , 1969 to October 24 , 1974 .
Biography
They were born in Albany , Prince Edward Island , the son of David MacKay and Almira Harvey , and was educated there . MacKay married Muriel Beatrice Boulter in 1918 . They were president of the Tryon Dairying Company and the Tryon Farmers ' Institute and also served as a director of the Provincial Swine Breeders ' Association . MacKay served in the 10th Siege Battery with the Canadian Expeditionary Force during World War I . After the war , they continued their military service in the Canadian Militia as a sergeant in The Prince Edward Island Light Horse ( now part of The Prince Edward Island Regiment ( RCAC ) ) . They were a member of the provincial cabinet as a minister without portfolio in 1952 and as Minister of Highways from 1955 to 1959 . MacKay died in office at the Prince Edward Island Hospital in Charlottetown at the age of 80 .
References
Lieutenant Governors of Prince Edward Island
Prince Edward Island Liberal Party MLAs
1893 births
1974 deaths
The Prince Edward Island Regiment ( RCAC )
Ari Eldjárn ( ; born 5 September 1981 ) is an Icelandic stand-up comedian , writer and actor .
Early life
Ari was born in Reykjavík in 1981 . Their father Þórarinn Eldjárn is a writer . Their mother Unnur Ólafsdóttir is a meteorologist , and their paternal grandfather was former president of Iceland Kristján Eldjárn .
Career
Ari began to perform stand-up in May 2009 . They wrote for several Icelandic TV programmes , including Mið-Ísland and Hversdagsreglur . They have also appeared in the UK on BBC 's Mock the Week . In November 2020 , their stand-up show Eagle Fire Iron was released as a vinyl record by Monkey Barrel Records . In December 2020 another of their shows , Pardon My Icelandic , aired on Netflix . In January 2021 Ari was awarded the 2020 Icelandic Optimism Award by President Guðni Th . Jóhannesson .
References
External links
Male actors from Reykjavík
Icelandic comedians
Living people
1981 births
Male comedians
21st-century comedians
Icelandic male writers
21st-century Icelandic male actors
Icelandic screenwriters
Male screenwriters
21st-century screenwriters
21st-century Icelandic writers
Club de Fútbol México was a football club that played in the old Mexican amateur league . It was based in Ciudad de México . It accomplished many achievements in the romantic era of the Mexican football league in the 1920s and 1930s . In that era most of the clubs were conformed by English and Spaniards immigrants .
History
As the Mexican revolution was taking place in 1910 , Club San Pedro de los Pinos was officially founded by a group of locals headed by Alfredo B. Cuellar , Jorge Gómez de Parada y Alberto Sierra. , The club would be excepted and invited to play in the amateur league in 1912 and would take on the name of Mexico FC .
In its first years the club would obtain the 1912–13 league title after reinforcing themselves with players mainly from England , but still the club was made out of mostly Mexicans .
1912–13 Champion club
1912-13
Nombre : México FC
Tournament : Liga Mexicana Amateur de Asociación Foot-Ball
Trainer : Antonio Sierra
Squad :
Primera División de México
These is the year by years statistics from all tournaments the club took part in the Primera Fuerza from 1912/13-1917/18 , 1919/20-1929/30 , 1932/33-1933/34 . In 1934 the club left the league for good .
Honours
Amateur
Liga Amateur ( 1 ) : 1912–13
Copa Eliminatoria ( 1 ) : 1920–21
Copa Tower ( 1 ) : 1913–14
Subcampeón de liga amateur en 1915–16
See also
Football in Mexico
British Club
Albinegros de Orizaba
References
External links
Tercera División de México Official Website
Association football clubs established in 1910
Defunct football clubs in Mexico City
1910 establishments in Mexico
1934 disestablishments in Mexico
Primera Fuerza teams
Association football clubs disestablished in 1934
Pauline Rita ( 1 June 1842 – 28 June 1920 ) , born Margaret Glenister , was an English soprano and actor . During their early career , they were best known for their performances in operettas and comic operas at the Opera Comique and was associated with impresario Richard D'Oyly Carte . Later they married flautist John Radcliff , and the two performed together for many years .
Early life
Rita was born in Bourne End , Buckinghamshire , in 1842 , the eldest of six children of Anne Elizabeth née Burdock ( 1811–1866 ) and William Glenister ( 1808–1885 ) , a shoemaker . The 1851 census lists them in Marylebone , London , aged 8 , where they were living with their aunt Jemima and uncle , Mark Taylor , a quarry owner . They were still living there ten years later . The Musical World reported that `` an English girl about eighteen years of age '' by the name of Miss Glenister had appeared in a Benefit for Castellani at Ivrea , near Milan , singing pieces from Lucia di Lammermoor and I masnadieri . In 1869 their singing teacher was Charlotte Sainton-Dolby , and in the same year the two appeared together on the concert platform . Rita married Thomas Phillips , an auctioneer , in London in December 1863 , and the couple had two sons : Herbert Tom Phillips ( born 1864 ) and Edward Stanley Phillips ] ( 1866–1957 ) . They made their opéra-bouffe début on the Doncaster stage in 1871 as Margaret Phillips but was later widowed .
In 1870 they sang the soprano part in the oratorio St Paul at Cirencester , but when the Italian opera season of 1871 opened they were a supporting member of the company , given parts such as Flora in La traviata , Countess Ceprano in Rigoletto , `` the peasant girl with a few phrases to sing in the last act '' in Le due giornate by Mayr or Teresa in La sonnambula . They subsequently went on tour with James Henry Mapleson 's company , but took just one week out to go to Doncaster and sing Frédégonde opposite the Chilpéric of Emily Soldene .
Oratorio and operetta
In 1872 , Rita took part in a joint recital with Charles Santley at St James 's Hall , London . In the same year they sang in Handel 's oratorio Athalia in Glasgow , where the local critic was unimpressed : `` Mdlle . Rita has a voice nearly always in tune , but of a shrill and unsympathetic quality , and they indulge from time to time in that fatal vibrato to which we have so often objected . '' In 1874 , they performed in Richard D'Oyly Carte 's light opera company at the Opera Comique , in The Broken Branch , an English version of Gaston Serpette 's La branch cassée , in which they received better notices : `` Madame Pauline Rita has achieved a triumph in their first appearance on the stage . They possess a voice of singular flexibility , acts well , and looks attractive . '' In December 1874 they played the lead role of the Prince de Conti in Charles Lecocq 's Les Prés St. Gervais at the Criterion Theatre . The following year , they starred in the title role , Clairette Angot , in a revival of Lecocq 's La fille de Madame Angot at the Opera Comique , which replaced La Périchole on the bill with Trial by Jury . In October of that year they appeared as Barbara in Alfred Cellier 's The Tower of London at the Prince 's Theatre , Manchester .
In January 1876 at the Royalty Theatre , they appeared under Carte 's management as Gustave Muller in The Duke 's Daughter . On 5 May 1876 , Rita was the beneficiary of a special matinée at the Princess 's Theatre at which Selina Dolaro , Mrs Howard Paul , Arthur Cecil and many others contributed , and Alfred Cellier conducted their operetta Dora 's Dream . That summer , they repeated their roles of Gustave Miller and also played the Plaintiff in Trial by Jury on tour with Carte 's Opera Bouffe Company ( with Carte themselves as musical director ) . In 1877 , at a benefit performance for Henry Compton , described by The Era as `` undeniably the greatest event known in the annals of the Stage '' , Rita played the Plaintiff in a star-studded performance of Trial by Jury , conducted by Arthur Sullivan , with W. S. Gilbert as the Associate , Arthur Cecil as the Usher , W. H. Cummings as the Defendant , and famous performers such as George Grossmith , W. S. Penley , Kate Bishop and Marion Terry in the chorus .
Apart from the Plaintiff , Rita played two Gilbert and Sullivan roles – one for D'Oyly Carte and one not . They played Aline in The Sorcerer on tour in Liverpool in March 1878 , and in September 1879 they played Josephine in H.M.S . Pinafore in the production mounted by Carte 's former partners in the Comedy Opera Company after they had separated from them . They never returned to D'Oyly Carte management . During the late 1870s , Rita performed with Charles Morton 's opera company at the Opera Comique .
Later years
In 1881 , Rita 's voice suffered from overwork , and they moved to Australia to rest and stay with family . In January 1884 in Australia they married the celebrated flautist John Richardson Radcliff ( 1842–1917 ) , to whom they had become engaged in London in 1881 . Together , they organised a successful three-year tour through Australia and New Zealand in 1884–86 . Returning to Britain , they continued to give the programme they had perfected on tour : `` Flutes of All Ages : Mr Radcliff ... playing on twenty different instruments selections from the music of all countries and all times . The entertainment was varied by songs , rendered with finished vocal ability , by Madame Pauline Rita . '' They then developed this show as Pan to Pinafore and presented it around Britain for several years with great success .
Rita undertook some vocal teaching , their success being noted in the press . In later years , they became blind . In their final years the couple were in financial difficulties , and a fund was set up to provide for their needs .
Rita died at their home in Kensington , London , after a long illness .
Notes
References
People associated with Gilbert and Sullivan
English stage actores
English musical theatre actores
1842 births
1920 deaths
19th-century British women opera singers
Musicians from Buckinghamshire
Crângeni is a commune in Teleorman County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of four villages : Balta Sărată , Crângeni , Dorobanțu and Stejaru .
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Jahangir `` Hossein '' Tavakoli ( , born 25 February 1946 ) is an Iranian water polo player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
References
1946 births
Living people
People from Tehran
Iranian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Iran
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1970 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Nur-e Eyn ( , also Romanized as Nūr-e ‘ Eyn , Nūr ‘ Eyn , Nūr ‘ ain , and Nūrīn ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 107 , in 32 families .
References
Populated places in Arak County
Nezamabad ( , also Romanized as Nez̧āmābād ) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 649 , in 169 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Clément Léon Émile Thomas was Governor General for various colonies in the Second French Colonial Empire , notably that of Senegal from 1888 to 1890 and French India from 1891 to 1896 . In 1893 Clément-Thomas was made an honorary Knight Commander of the Indian Empire by the Government of British India .
Titles Held
References
French generals
Governors of French India
People of French West Africa
Colonial Governors of French Sénégal
Colonial Governors of French Madagascar
People of the French Third Republic
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
French colonial governors and administrators
Indore Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh state in central India . This constituency covers most of the Indore district .
The Member of Parliament from Indore Lok Sabha constituency is Shankar Lalwani . Since 1989 , the seat is held by the BJP . Before Lalwani , the seat was held for record 8 consecutive terms by BJP 's Sumitra Mahajan since 1989 , who was also the Speaker of the Lok Sabha between 2014 and 2019 .
Vidhan Sabha segments
Presently , Indore Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha segments :
Members of Lok Sabha
Election Results
21st century
2019 Election
2014 Election
2009 Election
2004 Election
20th century
1999 Election
1998 Election
1996 Election
1991 Election
1989 Election
1984 Election
See also
Indore district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Indore district
Robert Daniel Okun ( born January 6 , 1960 ) is an Associate Judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia .
Education and career
Okun earned their Bachelor of Arts , ‘ 'magna cum laude , '' from the University of Pennsylvania in 1981 , their Juris Doctor , ‘ 'cum laude , '' from the Harvard Law School in 1984 .
After graduating , they clerked for judge Frank E. Schwelb on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia . They had a career in public service working as an attorney for various government departments and later served as Chief of the Special Proceedings Division of the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the District of Columbia .
D.C. Superior Court service
President Barack Obama nominated Okun on September 20 , 2012 , to a 15-year term as an associate judge on the Superior Court of the District of Columbia . On November 20 , 2012 , the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs held a hearing on their nomination . Their nomination expired on January 3 , 2013 following the Adjournment sine die of the United States Congress .
On March 19 , 2013 , President Barack Obama renominated Okun to the same court to the seat vacated by Linda Kay Davis . On May 22 , 2013 , the Committee reported their nomination favorably to the Senate floor and on the following day , May 23 , 2013 , the full Senate confirmed their nomination by voice vote . They were sworn in on November 8 , 2013 .
Notable rulings
In 2020 , Okun signed off on the early release of Darrell Moore as part of D.C 's Incarnation Reduction Amendment Act despite Moore not completing a number of the Act 's metrics , including earning a high school equivalency diploma behind bars , completing vocational training and having housing and a job lined up . Moore was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to 66 years to life . Moore was released after serving 26 years and would soon after be indicted for the murder of Julius Hayes .
In 2021 , Okun signed off on the early release of Michael Garrett as part of COVID-19-based compassionate release in March . Garrett , of no fixed address , was arrested and charged with assault with intent to kill for the murder of a 71-year-old woman in December 2021 .
References
1960 births
Living people
21st-century American judges
Harvard Law School alumni
Judges of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia
People from Great Neck , New York
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Mishkin ( Russian : Мишкин ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Mishkina . It is derived from the masculine given name Mishka , a diminutive form of Mikhail . It may refer to the following people :
Lawrence Mishkin , Sales & Marketing expert
Alexander Mishkin , Russian military doctor
Andrew Mishkin ( born 1958 ) , American Jet Propulsion Laboratory engineer who worked on the Mars Rover
Dan Mishkin ( born 1953 ) , American comic book writer
Frederic Mishkin ( born 1951 ) , American economist and member of the US Federal Reserve
Herman Mishkin ( 1870–1948 ) , Russian-American photographer
Lee Mishkin ( 1927–2001 ) , American animator and director
Leo Mishkin ( 1907–1980 ) , American film , theater , and television critic
Meyer Mishkin ( 1912–1999 ) , Hollywood agent
Mírzá Mishkín-Qalam ( 1826–1912 ) , Persian calligrapher
Mortimer Mishkin ( 1926–2021 ) , American neuropsychologist
Fictional characters
Dmitri Mishkin , character in the James Bond film GoldenEye
See also
Myshkin ( surname ) , a similar Russian surname
Miskin , a Welsh village
References
Russian-language surnames
West Brook Senior High School is a high school in the city of Beaumont , Texas . It is operated by the Beaumont Independent School District and was formed in 1982 as a court-ordered measure to integrate the schools of the formerly separate South Park Independent School District .
West Brook is located at 8750 Phelan Boulevard . The school 's official mascot is the Bruin Bear .
History
West Brook was formed in 1982 from the court-ordered merger of two of the high schools in the former South Park Independent School District : the black Hebert High School , whose campus initially housed the ninth and tenth grades , and the almost all-white Forest Park High School , which initially housed the eleventh and twelfth grades . The students voted on the name and the mascot . The other majority-white high school in the district , South Park High School , was also merged into West Brook in 1986 .
West Brook is now located on the former Forest Park campus .
State football championship
In its first year , an integrated team from West Brook under the former Hebert coach , Alexander Durley , won the state 5A football championship . Durley died of cancer after two seasons as head football coach of the Bruins , and the school 's former stadium was named Alex Durley Stadium in their honor . West Brook now plays home games at the Carrol A . `` Butch '' Thomas Educational Support Center , together with other city high schools .
Bus accident
On March 29 , 2006 , the varsity girls ' soccer team was traveling to a road game in Humble when their charter bus overturned on the highway outside Devers . Two girls were killed in the accident . The team and their parents subsequently helped pass what became known as Ashley and Alicia 's Law , a state law requiring seat belts on all school buses purchased on or after September 1 , 2010 , and on all charter buses purchased on or after September 1 , 2011 .
Demographics
The demographic breakdown of the 2,284 students enrolled for the 2021-2022 school year is as follows :
Male - 52 %
Female - 48 %
Native American/Alaskan Native - 0.3 %
Asian - 7 %
Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander - 0.1 %
Black - 48.9 %
Hispanic - 20.1 %
White - 21.1 %
Multiracial - 2.5 %
Notable alumni
Chip Ambres - former MLB outfielder
Jerry Ball - former NFL nose tackle
Michael Batiste - former NFL offensive lineman
Reggie Begelton - Former CFL and Current NFL Receiver
James Brown - former quarterback for the Texas Longhorns
Jay Bruce - MLB outfielder
Darrell Colbert – former NFL and WLAF wide receiver
Ryan Grant - former NFL wide receiver
Christine Michael - former NFL running back
Frank Middleton - former NFL offensive lineman
Meghan Miller - actor , contestant in season 2 of America 's Got Talent
Taylor Reed - CFL linebacker
Omar Sneed - former basketball player
Jason Tyner - former MLB outfielder
Mickey Washington - former NFL cornerback
Stacey Lewis Jr Beaumont ISD Trustee 2021-present - https : //www.bmtisd.com/Page/178
Dan Moore NFL player
References
External links
West Brook High School
West Brook High School ( old site )
Education in Beaumont , Texas
Beaumont Independent School District high schools
1982 establishments in Texas
Chaussky Uyezd ( Чаусский уезд ) was one of the subdivisions of the Mogilev Governorate of the Russian Empire . It was situated in the northern part of the governorate . Its administrative centre was Chavusy .
Demographics
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897 , Chaussky Uyezd had a population of 88,686 . Of these , 89.6 % spoke Belarusian , 8.3 % Yiddish , 0.7 % Russian , 0.5 % Lithuanian , 0.4 % Latvian and 0.4 % Polish as their first language .
References
Uezds of Mogilev Governorate
Mogilev Governorate
The Journal of Indigenous Studies ( French : La Revue des Études Indigènes ) was a multilingual , biannual , peer-reviewed academic journal . It was established in 1989 and was sponsored by the Gabriel Dumont Institute , a Métis-directed educational and cultural entity in Saskatoon ( Saskatchewan , Canada ) , affiliated with the University of Regina . The journal 's scope was interdisciplinary and cross-cultural , with a focus on indigenous people , from the perspectives of a variety of academic fields , including archaeology , education , law , linguistics , philosophy , and sociology . The journal was one of several Native American newspapers and periodicals under the auspices of the Aboriginal Multimedia Society of Alberta .
While all six volumes were written in English and French , three of them ( Nos . 3 , 5 , and 6 ) were also in Cree . The last volume was published in 1997 .
History
Dana F. Lawrence was the founding editor-in-chief .
1989
The first issue , Winter ( January ) 1989 , written in English and French , circulated in Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom , and the United States . Topics included native self-government , indigenous values in a colonial education system , Indian/Métis language programs with French immersion , and death/reburial . There were also two book reviews within this issue . The second issue , Summer ( July ) 1989 , featured articles on Aboriginal languages , Michif language , and First Nations women . There were also three book reviews within this issue .
1990s
There were no issues printed in 1990 during a personnel turnover while Lawrence moved on to the University of British Columbia . Catherine Littlejohn , free-lance historian , researcher , author and consultant , was introduced as the new editor for the third issue , published in Winter ( January ) 1991 . As with their predecessor , Littlejohn urged for international participation . Besides English and French , it was also written in Cree . There were articles on archaeology , health , and spirituality , as well as two book reviews .
Summer ( July ) 1991 , the fourth issue , saw several major changes : the associated editors of previous issues were replaced by a review board entirely made up of participants from Canadian institutions , article abstracts were written in Cree syllabics , APA format was no longer required for articles written in a discipline that used another style , and citations for traditional knowledge had to be validated by the indigenous community . The issue contained articles on education , law , policy , and residential schools , as well as two book reviews within this issue . McNinch wrote the opening editorial of the Winter ( January ) 1992 issue , as Littlejohn had left the journal . Circulation expanded to New Zealand and included the topics of Māori language , Māori music , and a literary biography on Native American poet Paula Gunn Allen . There was one book review within this issue .
The sixth and final issue did not appear until Winter ( January ) 1997 , and with it , another editor , Karla Jessen Williamson . The previous long list of editorial board members or assistant editors was gone , replaced by a list of manuscript evaluators . The topics of this issue included education , employment/training , native/newcomer relations . Indigenous Australians and North American Inuit were the subject populations . There were three book reviews within this issue .
Publishing
The front cover was designed by Sherry Farrell Racette and , while the colours of the front cover changed for the different issues , the design never changed . Earlier issues of the journal were typeset by ABCOM Publishers and the last one was typeset by The Little Print Shop ( Saskatoon ) . All but the last issue were printed and distributed by University of Toronto Press . The journal did not accept paid advertising .
Scholarly references
The short-lived journal and individual articles were subsequently cited by other scholars . For example , White 's `` Forced Sterilization amongst American Indian Women '' ( 1989 ) was quoted by Davies & Clow ( 2009 ) , American Indian sovereignty and law , and Douglas ' `` Māori Language Nests '' ( 1992 ) was mentioned in Abley ( 2005 ) , Spoken Here : Travels Among Threatened Languages . At least one article was reprinted as a chapter in a later book : Watson 's , `` The affirmation of indigenous values in a colonial education system '' in Stone & MacKenzie ( 1990 ) , The Excluded past : Archaeology in education . Likewise , a chapter previously published elsewhere ( for example , Hubert 's , `` A proper place for the dead : a critical review of the 'reburial ' issue '' , chapter ten , in Layton ( 1994 ) , Conflict in the archaeology of living traditions ) , was reprinted in the journal .
See also
American Indian Quarterly
Indigenous Law Centre
Journal of Aboriginal Health
Oceania
Native American studies
Center for World Indigenous Studies
Society for the Study of the Indigenous Languages of the Americas
References
External links
Back issues
Publications established in 1989
Publications disestablished in 1997
Biannual journals
Cree language
Cultural journals
Defunct journals
Anthropology journals
Multilingual journals
Academic journals published by independent research institutes
1989 establishments in Saskatchewan
1997 disestablishments in Saskatchewan
University of Regina
Robert Fitz Richard ( 1064–1136 ) was an Anglo-Norman feudal baron of Little Dunmow , Essex and constable of Baynard 's Castle in the City of London . Their feudal barony , the caput of which was at Little Dunmow in Essex , was granted to them by the king after it had been forfeited in 1110 by William Baynard , whose grandfather Ralph Baynard was the first holder and the builder of Baynard 's Castle in the City of London .
Robert was flight attendant under King Henry I ( 1100–1135 ) and under King Stephen ( 1135–1154 ) .
Family
Robert was the son of Sir Richard Fitz Gilbert , Lord of Clare and Tonbridge ( c. 1030–1091 ) and Rohese Giffard , ( b. c. 1034 ) , daughter of Sir Walter Giffard , Lord of Longueville , and Agnes Flatel .
Robert married ( c. 1114 ) , Matilda de St. Liz ( Maud ) , daughter of Sir Simon de St Liz , Earl of Northampton , and Maud de Huntingdon .
Children were :
Sir Walter Fitz Robert , ( b. c. 1124 ) , married Maud de Lucy . The Magna Carta surety , Robert Fitzwalter , was their son .
Maud Fitz Robert , ( b. c. 1132 ) , Essex , who married ( c. 1146 ) , William d'Aubigny , son of Sir William d'Aubigny , Lord of Belvoir , and Cecily Bigod . Another Magna Carta surety , William d'Aubigny , was their son .
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
FitzRichard , Robert
FitzRichard , Robert
FitzRichard , Robert
FitzRichard , Robert
FitzRichard , Robert
English landowners
De Clare family
Thomas de Bodham was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1285 . In 1284 Henry de Bollegh , Archdeacon of Cornwall , leased to Bodham their own tenement on St John 's Hospital in Exeter .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Esencial : Mónica Naranjo is the fourth greatest hits compilation by Spanish recording artist Mónica Naranjo released on 11 June 2013 through Legacy and Sony . The album includes all their hits , including promotional singles , three remixes , plus two songs which never were included in any of their albums , `` Dream Alive '' ( 2011 ) featuring Brian Cross , and `` Insensatez '' a song included on the compilation album Samba Pa Ti ( 2005 ) .
Track listing
Release history
References
Mónica Naranjo compilation albums
2013 compilation albums
Legacy Recordings compilation albums
Sony Music compilation albums
Nieuwegein City ( formerly Stadscentrum ) is a tram stop of the Utrecht sneltram network , located beside the Nieuwegein Cityplaza shopping mall in Nieuwegein . It is along the SUNIJ ( sneltram Utrecht-Nieuwegein-IJsselstein ) line which runs south from the Jaarbeursplein and Centrumzijde stops at Utrecht Centraal railway station . South of the Nieuwegein City stop is the main junction of the sneltram network where southbound trams from Utrecht branch to either IJsselstein-Zuid and Nieuwegein-Zuid , tram routes 20 and 21 respectively . ( Prior to July 2022 , tram routes 60 and 61 served the stop . But these routes were renumbered to 20 and 21 respectively with the introduction of through-routing over the Uithof line to P+R Science Park eliminating a change in trams at Utrecht Centraal station . )
With the exception of the tram stops at Utrecht Centraal , Nieuwegein City is the busiest tram stop on the Utrecht tram system . In 2018 , the daily tram ridership at the stop was 2,000 per day in addition to 1,400 bus riders . The hub is expected to serve 5,000 riders per day in future .
Until 30 May 2020 , the Nieuwegein City stop ( then Stadscentrum ) had high platforms and was located on the north side of the street Passage at the entrance to the Cityplaza shopping mall . After that date , the line was then shut down to lower and lengthen the tram platforms along the SUNIJ line to accommodate new low-floor trams . The original high-platform Stadscentrum stop was decommissioned . After the line reopened on 3 January 2021 , the tram stop had been temporarily relocated northwards parallel to the street Spoorstede between the streets Schouwstede and Hagestede . Between 26 February and 8 July 2022 , the line to Nieuwegein and IJsselstein was again shut down ( south of P+R Westraven ) in order to relocate the Stadscentrum tram stop and realign the tracks . When the stop reopened on 9 July 2022 , it was renamed from Stadscentrum to Nieuwegein City . The relocation of the tram stop was part of a larger redevelopment effort at City Nieuwegein . The buildings south-west of the tram tracks were demolished in order to construct 1600 new residences . The demolition allowed the tram tracks to be shifted in that direction .
Today , the location of the Nieuwegein City stop is between the streets Passage and Weverstede . The stop is wheelchair-accessible from both ends of each platform . Because of the presence of many pedestrians and cyclists near the stop , the maximum speed for trams going through this area is 20 km/h . Upon reopening on 9 July 2022 , the new stop had temporary shelters on the platforms pending the erection of a permanent canopy . There is a bus terminal located at the north-east corner of the tram right-of-way and the street Schouwstede .
There is an emergency crossover to the north of the Nieuwegein City stop . This crossover will be available to turn back trams that arrive from Utrecht at the southbound platform .
A new adjacent bus station is planned for 2025 . It will be located at the south-west corner of the streets Schouwstede and Spoorstede .
Routes
Tram 20/21 to the north : Utrecht Central Station
Tram 20 to the south : Nieuwegein-Zuid
Tram 21 to the south : Binnenstad and IJsselstein-Zuid
External links
, published June 2018
References
Tram transport in the Netherlands
Transport in Utrecht ( province )
Nieuwegein
Trosley Country Park is in Trottiscliffe , near Vigo , in Kent , England . Once part of a large woodland estate then after many changes , it was passed to Kent County Council , who turned it into a large country park .
History
The country park was once part of the Trosley Towers Estate .
In 1870 , Sir Sydney Waterlow , 1st Baronet bought land that contained the village of Fairseat ( near Stansted , Kent ; west of Trottiscliffe ) , a major section of Stanstead as well as other pieces of land from Wrotham ( south of Trottiscliffe ) to Meopham ( north of Trotiscliffe ) .
The manor house in the estate was later demolished .
The park was opened in 1976 by Kent County Council .
In 2004 , an amenity block ( with a public toilet facility , offices and store area ) was built within the park . It had a sweet chestnut ( Castanea sativa ) timber cladding from the local trees in the park . Also built with a sedum roof and rainwater drainage system recycled into the toilet flushing systems . The building also won the Public Building category of the 2005 Kent Design Awards .
Ecology
It is situated on the North Downs and the chalk grassland slopes of the park are a Site of Special Scientific Interest . These slopes were formerly used as grazing for farm animals , but were left to naturalise after the farms moved to the lower and more productive wealdland pastures . After the park was formed , these grasslands were cleared of scrub to allow the rare chalk land plants and animals to re-establish including the musk orchid , and chalkhill blue butterfly . Other meadow insects found include the dark green fritillary .
Recreation
The park has various circular trails around the site , within Downs Wood , Great Wood and Butchers Wood . Three main trails are marked . The 'Red Route ' is of fairly flat terrain that uses North Downs Way.The 'Yellow Route ' is a trail that uses some of the Red Route but is an easier , shorter trail . The 'Blue Route ' is long , and involves more challenging terrain , with steep hills and climbs . It also passes Little Pell ( wood ) Great Pell Field ( meadow ) .
The North Downs Way leads via a bridleway through the Country Park on its way from Wrotham to Upper Halling .
An 'Adventurous Pub Walk ' of starts in the park and leads to Ryarsh and Addington , before returning to the park .
The Coldrum Trail also starts in the country park and leads to the Coldrum Stones , before returning to the park .
Location
Situated off Junction 2 of the M20 motorway , the park is located off the A227 between Meopham and Wrotham .
References
External links
Kent County Page
Kent Downs page
Country parks in Kent
Parks and open spaces in Kent
Thomas van Leeuwen ( born 12 September 1994 ) is a Dutch motorcycle racer . They won the Dutch ONK Moto3 Championship in 2013 . In 2014 and 2015 they raced in the FIM CEV Moto3 Championship .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Dutch motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Moto3 World Championship riders
David Hulme may refer to :
David Hulme ( rugby league ) ( born 1964 ) , rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 1990s
David Russell Hulme ( born 1951 ) , Welsh conductor
David Hulme ( academic ) ( born 1952 ) , development studies professor
David Hulme ( evangelist ) , host of the TV series The World Tomorrow
See also
David Hume ( disambiguation )
Hulme ( disambiguation )
Bukit Mertajam may refer to :
Bukit Mertajam
Bukit Mertajam ( federal constituency ) , represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Bukit Mertajam ( state constituency ) , formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly ( 1959–74 )
Pekan Bukit Mertajam ( state constituency ) , formerly represented in the Penang State Legislative Assembly ( 1974–86 )
Bukit Mertajam ( settlement constituency ) , formerly represented in the Penang Settlement Council ( 1955–59 )
The Armstrong Siddeley Snarler was a small rocket engine used for mixed-power experiments with an early turbojet engine . and was the first British liquid-fuelled rocket engine to fly .
Design and development
Unlike other British rocket engine projects that used hydrogen peroxide as an oxidiser , Armstrong Siddeley 's used liquid oxygen . The rocket engine is described as having a dry weight of thrust of and a specific fuel consumption of 20 ( lb/h ) /lbf thrust . Work began in 1947 and the final configuration was first tested on 29 March 1950 .
The prototype of the Hawker P.1040 Sea Hawk , VP 401 , had a Snarler rocket of 2,000 lbf thrust added in its tail . The Rolls-Royce Nene turbojet , of 5,200 lbf thrust , had a split tailpipe which exhausted either side of the fuselage . The combination was termed the Hawker P.1072 .
This gave approximately 50 % greater thrust , although with twenty times the fuel consumption . It was first used in flight on 20 November 1950 , by Hawker 's test pilot Trevor `` Wimpy '' Wade . Half a dozen flights were made using the rocket motor before a minor explosion damaged the aircraft . Although methanol was used in the P.1072 , jet fuel could be used for the Snarler . It was decided that reheat was a more practical proposition for boosting jet thrust than rockets .
An unusual feature of the engine was that the fuel/oxidiser pump was externally driven , by a drive from the gearbox of the P.1072 's turbojet engine . This feature continued into the first versions of the subsequent Screamer engine , but was later replaced with a turbine-driven turbopump .
Variants
ASSn.1 SnarlerThe prototype and test engines , ( Ministry of Supply designation ASSn . ) .
Applications
Hawker P.1072
Specifications
{ { rocketspecs
|ref= '' Aircraft engines of the World 1953 , Flight:6 August 1954 : Armstrong Siddeley Snarler
|type=rocket engine booster
|length= ( overall length ) ; ( combustion chamber length )
|diameter= ( nozzle diameter )
|weight=
|fueltype=65 % methanol , 35 % water
|oxidiser=liquid oxygen
|capacity= fuel ; oxidiser
|pumps=externally driven accessory gearbox mounted centrifugal pumps with de-aerators
|thrust= at ( dependent on main engine speed ) < /li >
Part thrust : at ( dependent on main engine speed )
|thrust/weight=– ( part thrust : – )
Specific impulse :
Burn time : 2 minutes 45 seconds ( Hawker P.1072 installation )
|fuelcon=
|specfuelcon=
} }
See also
References
Snarler
Aircraft rocket engines
Daniel F. O'Brien Sr. ( March 26 , 1929 – January 16 , 2017 ) was an American professional baseball executive who served as the general manager of the Texas Rangers , Seattle Mariners and California Angels of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Biography
Born in Elizabeth , New Jersey , O'Brien was a graduate of Thomas Jefferson High School . They attended Seton Hall University and graduated from Florida Southern College , where they played varsity baseball and basketball . They served in the United States Army during the Korean War and was discharged in 1954 .
O'Brien was a general manager in Minor League Baseball during 1955–1963 in the Pittsburgh Pirates and Milwaukee Braves organizations , then spent another nine years ( 1964–1972 ) as the chief assistant to Phil Piton and Hank Peters , presidents at the time of the National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues ( NAPBL ) , the governing body of the minor leagues .
O'Brien came to the major leagues when they joined the Texas Rangers as a vice president during the 1973 season , and was promoted to general manager of the Rangers later that year ; they would continue in that post through 1978 , although they shared power with co-general manager Eddie Robinson in both 1977 and 1978 . In 1979 , O'Brien became president of the Seattle Mariners , then in their third year as an American League expansion team , and they added the general manager title to their duties during 1981–1983 , replacing Lou Gorman . They left Seattle in 1984 and joined the front office of the Cleveland Indians in 1986 , working with Peters again as their top assistant during 1987–1989 . O'Brien then moved to the California Angels as top aide to general manager Mike Port , and then succeeded Port as the team 's GM from the close of the 1991 season through 1993 . They were replaced by Whitey Herzog at the end of the 1993 campaign .
Of O'Brien 's three major league teams , only the Rangers of the late 1970s experienced sustained success , contending for , but never winning , the American League West division title . The Mariners climbed to the middle of the pack in the AL West in 1982 , then fell into the basement with 102 losses in O'Brien 's last year . In Anaheim , O'Brien inherited a .500 team , but the Angels lost 90 games in 1992 and 91 games during the 1993 season .
Their son and namesake , Dan O'Brien Jr. , served as general manager of the Cincinnati Reds during 2003–2006 .
O'Brien died on January 16 , 2017 , in Dallas , Texas , at the age of 87 .
References
1929 births
2017 deaths
California Angels executives
Florida Southern Moccasins baseball players
Florida Southern Moccasins men 's basketball players
Major League Baseball general managers
Major League Baseball team presidents
Minor league baseball executives
Seattle Mariners executives
Seton Hall University alumni
Sportspeople from Elizabeth , New Jersey
Texas Rangers executives
Thomas Jefferson High School ( New Jersey ) alumni
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
Enes Kaya ( born August 22 , 1984 ) is from a Turkish television personality , living and performing in South Korea . They were most known for being a cast member on the talk show Non-Summit .
Life and career
In 2001 Kaya arrived in South Korea to study , at the recommendation of their father , Enes Kaya is who praised the educational system there . They spent a year studying Korean at Konkuk University , then went to study at Hanyang University with a scholarship for IT management .
In 2010 , they acted in their first movie , Haunters , and then decided not to pursue a full-time acting career . They said that because of their culture and religion , they are selective about the roles they wish to take . “ In Korea , we have a good image . We 're a brother country , ” they said of their homeland . Most important part is , for me , how can I make this image better and better ? Because from now on , I 'm not just working for myself ― I 'm working for my country. ” In addition to modeling , Kaya has appeared on Arirang TV , SBS , MBC , and on KBS 's Global Talk Show .
In their 2014 appearance on the talk show , Non-Summit , of the eleven male foreigners , who all speak Korean , they are considered the most conservative panelist . They were fired from all of the programs due to their adultery scandal in late 2014 .
In 2015 , Kaya returned to acting in a supporting role for the Korean thriller Perfect Proposal .
Filmography
Television series
Film
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Turkish television personalities
Turkish expatriates in South Korea
Television people from Istanbul
The ocellated wrasse ( Symphodus ocellatus ) is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and throughout the Mediterranean Sea , the Black Sea , and the Sea of Azov . It inhabits areas with rocks and eelgrass at depths from . It feeds on various marine invertebrates . This species can reach in standard length . It can also be found in the aquarium trade .
These fish live about two to three years . There are three distinct male forms . There are nesting males , sneaker males , and satellite males . The nesting males are the largest of the three and the most brightly colored . The sneaker males are the smallest of the three types and the most dull in color , and actually closely resemble the female phenotype . Satellite males are an intermediate in size and color between the large nesting male and smaller sneaker male .
Nesting males court females , build and guard nests , and provide parental care for the offspring . Nests are made of harvested algae . Sneaker males do not court females , do not provide parental care and they join in when a female and nesting male are mating in an attempt to fertilize the eggs before the nesting male . Satellite males assist in courting the females , they chase away sneaker males , but they do not provide parental care for the offspring .
The male types are determined in early development . If a male fish grows quickly , it will be a satellite male in its first breeding season then will become a nesting male in its second . For the slower growing males , they will be a sneaker male in their first breeding season , then a satellite male in their second . Breeding season occurs from May to June .
References
External links
Fish living in the Greek seas
ocellated wrasse
Fish of the Black Sea
ocellated wrasse
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
James Omondi ( born 17 February 1958 ) is a Kenyan boxer . They competed in the men 's heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Kenyan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Kenya
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Heavyweight boxers
In the study of Earth 's atmosphere , subsidence is the downward movement of an air parcel as it cools and becomes denser . By contrast , warm air becomes less dense and moves upwards ( atmospheric convection ) .
Subsidence generally creates a high-pressure area as more air moves into the same space : the polar highs are areas of almost constant subsidence , as are the horse latitudes , and the areas of subsidence are the sources of much of the world 's prevailing winds .
Subsidence also causes many smaller-scale weather phenomena , such as morning fog . An extreme form of subsidence is a downburst , which can result in damage similar to that produced by a tornado . A milder form of subsidence is referred to as downdraft .
Atmospheric pressure and atmospheric subsidence
The Dosen barometer ( pictured ) clearly relates high pressure with fine weather , as seen in its dial . This is because high pressure zones are subsidence zones , with dry and cool air descending and , therefore , clear skies and good weather .
See also
Diathermancy
Convection
References
Atmosphere
Meteorological phenomena
Felix Mendelssohn 's Piano Quartet No . 2 in F minor , Op . 2 , for piano , violin , viola and cello was published in 1823 , a year after their first Piano Quartet No . 1 in C minor , Op . 1 . This work was dedicated to Carl Friedrich Zelter , who became Mendelssohn 's composition and music tutor starting at the age of eight years old . Zelter would take Mendelssohn on trips to go see Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , who was also an important figure in Mendelssohn 's life when it came to the composition of their earliest pieces between the years 1821-1825 . Mendelssohn 's three piano quartets were the first piano quartets they composed and published . They composed the second quartet at the age of only 14 years .
Historical Context
When Mendelssohn was eight years old , their parents got them a music tutor : Carl Friedrich Zelter . Zelter was Mendelssohn 's composition and music theory tutor and personality wise : they were always described as `` rough-tongued , `` '' coarse , '' and conservative but always kept their mindset neutral when they would teach Felix . They were so impressed by Felix that they would write letters to Goethe about them and they would end up taking Felix on a trip to Weimar , the first time in 1820 , to meet Goethe . In one of Zelter 's letters to Goethe they mentioned how it was extremely rare for a Jewish person to go into music professionally . But , this did not change their views on Mendelssohn as a student , if anything , it encouraged them to get Mendelssohn out in the world because of how impressive it would be . When Felix went to Weimar , they played the piano for Goethe for two hours , performing works by composers such as Bach , improvisations , and some of Felix 's own compositions . Once Goethe saw for themselves what Zelter was talking about , they kept Felix there for sixteen days to work with them and Felix would end up taking more trips to see Goethe , with Zelter , throughout their teen-hood . Overall , the relationship between Mendelssohn and Zelter was very strong because of the type of influence that Zelter had on them and Mendelssohn would later create their own beginning works . Thus Mendelssohn dedicated the Piano Quartet No . 2 in F minor to Zelter .
Analysis
A typical performance lasts just under half an hour . The work has four movements :
Allegro molto ( F minor )
Adagio ( D-flat major )
Intermezzo : Allegro moderato ( F minor )
Finale : Allegro molto vivace ( F minor )
I. Allegro molto
The second theme has similar musical elements from the first theme and development . Mendelssohn does this by using chromatic third relations to build up a series of modulations in ascending half or whole steps by going through a pattern of V and I . While the development goes through a harmonic exploration , the recapitulation has a thematic recurrence , which was a popular thing to do within the 19th century . Lastly , the coda is in two parts ( the second half is marked Più allergro ) .
II . Adagio
Mendelssohn continues to explore the music , harmonically and in the development section . It begins in A-flat Major . Then in a ascending motion , they modulate through a series of foreign keys .
III . Intermezzo
The movement is in 6/8 meter and the rhythm of the movement lacks variety and is very repetitive .
IV . Finale
In similarity to the first and second movements , this movement has a lot of ascending modulations throughout the piece . For the most part , the piano part dominates the majority of the piece .
Reception
There are two early reviews of their Piano Quartet No . 2 in F minor , Op . 2 . The first one was written in November , 1825 by a critic using the pseudonym `` BAMZ '' and states that Mendelssohn was very talented , but they are too focused on form and not focused enough on the `` material . '' This could mean they were too focused on the structure of the piece than the musicality of the piece itself . The second review was written sometime in 1828 by a critic using the pseudonym `` LAMZ . '' It states that the piano quartet is the most successful example of this genre and it is `` subdued , but always alive . ''
References
External links
Chamber music by Felix Mendelssohn
Mendelssohn 2
1823 compositions
Compositions in F minor
Reichenbach 's sunbird ( Anabathmis reichenbachii ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae .
It is found in Angola , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Ivory Coast , Gabon , Ghana , Liberia , and Nigeria .
The bird is named after the German botanist and zoologist Heinrich Ludwig Reichenbach .
References
External links
Image at ADW
Reichenbach 's sunbird
Reichenbach 's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
PFL may refer to :
Science
Pyruvate formate lyase , an enzyme important in the regulation of anaerobic glucose metabolism
Positive feedback loop
posterior frontal lobe
Sport
Peel Football League , an Australian rules football league
Pioneer Football League , an NCAA Division I FCS football conference
Professional Fighters League , an American mixed martial arts league
Professional Futsal League , an American sports league
Philippines Football League , an association football league in the Philippines
Polish Football League , an American football league in Poland
Professional Football League
First Professional Football League ( Bulgaria )
Professional Football League of Ukraine
Russian Professional Football League
TT Pro League , formerly the Professional Football League of Trinidad and Tobago
Uzbekistan Super League
Language
PFL , ISO 639-3 language code for the Palatine German language
People-first language
Organisations
Perth Freight Link , transport route for trucks to access Fremantle port starting at Muchea in Western Australia .
Pacific Forum Line , a shipping alliance located in Nauru
Partido da Frente Liberal ( Liberal Front Party ) , a Brazilian political party
Popular Front of Latvia , a former Latvian political party
Priests for Life , an American-based Roman Catholic anti-abortion organization
Other
Paid Family Leave ( California ) , a California law that extends unemployment disability compensation
Pre-fader listen , a sound mixer function used for making a Fade ( audio engineering )
Ab Taruiyeh ( , also Romanized as Āb Tarū'īyeh ; also known as Bāgh-e Nūrī-ye ‘ Olyā ( Persian : باغنوري عليا ) ) is a village in Dehaj Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr-e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 5 families .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Heshmatiyeh ( , also Romanized as Ḩeshmatīyeh ) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 589 , in 162 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Nash is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Jonas Lund is a Swedish conceptual artist who creates paintings , sculpture , photography , websites and performances that critically reflect on contemporary networked systems and power structures . An example of this is their exhibition `` The Fear of Missing Out '' ( 2013 ) at MAMA , Rotterdam .
Biography
Lund earned an MA at Piet Zwart Institute , Rotterdam ( 2013 ) and a BFA at the Gerrit Rietveld Academy , Amsterdam ( 2009 ) .
Lund was an Eyebeam resident in 2012 .
Work
Lund 's artistic practice involves creating systems and setting up parameters that oftentimes require engagement from the viewer . This results in game-like artworks where tasks are executed according to algorithms or a set of rules . Through their works , Lund investigates the latest issues generated by the increasing digitalisation of contemporary society like authorship , participation and authority . At the same time , they question the mechanisms of the art world ; they challenge the production process , authoritative power and art market practices .
In 2014 Lund created a painting series called Flip City that was first exhibited at Steve Turner in Los Angeles . Each of the forty painting had a GPS trackers attached to the back that shared its current location once a day to the Flip City website . The work aimed to explore the manipulative nature of the art market , in particular the habit of a group of collectors to quickly sell and resell artworks for increased profits , typically referred to as 'flipping ' .
In 2018 , Lund created their own crypto currency Jonas Lund Token , an ERC-20 token on top of the Ethereum Blockchain , that functions as voting shares in their artistic practice , thus giving birth to a new art form called `` performance-art capitalism '' .
In January 2019 , in a performance/installation Lund set up an influencing agency titled Operation Earnest Voice at The Photographers ' Gallery in London . The goal of the installation was to reverse Brexit , which caused some controversy and critique from the organisation Leave Means Leave due to The Photographers ' Gallery status as a charity , in part funded by the Arts Council England , and as such should not be involved in political campaigning . In a public statement , the gallery said it had followed guidelines from the Charity Commission , consulted with Arts Council England , as well as taken legal advice `` to ensure that the project complied with all appropriate regulations especially with regard to publicly funded , charitable institutions '' . As a result , it `` would not adjust or shut down the project '' .
See also
Conceptual Art
Media Art
Internet Art
References
External links
Official Twitter :
Swedish contemporary artists
Digital artists
Living people
1984 births
Alaska was admitted to the Union on January 3 , 1959 . Alaska 's United States Senate seats belong to Class 2 and Class 3 . The state 's current senators are Republicans Lisa Murkowski ( serving since 2002 ) and Dan Sullivan ( serving since 2015 ) . A total of eight people have represented Alaska in the U.S. Senate . Ted Stevens was Alaska 's longest serving U.S . Senator , serving from 1968 to 2009 .
List of senators
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=5 | 1
| rowspan=5 align=left | Bob Bartlett
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 3 , 1959 –December 11 , 1968
| Elected in 1958 .
| 1
|
| rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1958 .
| rowspan=7 nowrap | January 3 , 1959 –January 3 , 1969
| rowspan=7 | Democratic
| rowspan=7 align=right | Ernest Gruening
! rowspan=7 |1
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1960 .
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=5 | 2
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1962.Lost renomination and then lost reelection as an independent .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| Re-elected in 1966.Died .
| rowspan=5 | 3
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| December 11 , 1968 –December 24 , 1968
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=23 | 2
| rowspan=23 align=left | Ted Stevens
| rowspan=23 | Republican
| rowspan=23 nowrap | December 24 , 1968 –January 3 , 2009
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue Bartlett 's term.Elected in 1970 to finish Bartlett 's term .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1968 .
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3 , 1969 –January 3 , 1981
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 align=right | Mike Gravel
! rowspan=6 | 2
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1972 .
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1974.Lost renomination .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1978 .
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1980 .
| rowspan=11 nowrap | January 3 , 1981 –December 2 , 2002
| rowspan=11 | Republican
| rowspan=11 align=right | Frank Murkowski
! rowspan=11 | 3
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1984 .
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1986 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1990 .
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1992 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1996 .
| rowspan=5 | 8
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=5 | 8
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1998.Resigned to become Governor of Alaska .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| December 2 , 2002 –December 20 , 2002
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=2 | Appointed to finish their father 's term .
| rowspan=11 nowrap | December 20 , 2002 –Present
| rowspan=11 | Republican
| rowspan=11 align=right | Lisa Murkowski
! rowspan=11 | 4
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2002.Lost re-election .
| rowspan=3 | 9
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Elected to full term in 2004 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 align=left | Mark Begich
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3 , 2009 –January 3 , 2015
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2008.Lost re-election .
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Lost renomination , but re-elected as a write-in candidate in 2010 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
! rowspan=6 | 4
| rowspan=6 align=left | Dan Sullivan
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3 , 2015 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2014 .
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016 .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2020 .
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
| rowspan=3 |12
| rowspan=3 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election .
|- style= '' height:2em ''
|
|- style= '' height:2em ''
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2026 election .
| 13
|
Living former senators
, there are two living former U.S. senators from Alaska . The most recent senator to die was Mike Gravel ( served 1969–1981 ) on June 26 , 2021 . The most recently serving senator to die was Ted Stevens ( served 1968-2009 ) on August 9 , 2010 .
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Excluding incumbents
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
In fiction
They Shall Have Stars , the first volume in science fiction writer James Blish 's Cities in Flight series , was published in 1950 and is set in a fictional 2013 . A major character is Alaska Senator Bliss Wagoner , head of the Joint Congressional Committee on Space Flight , who is depicted as playing a crucial role in Humanity 's spread into space . At the time of writing , Alaska was not yet a state and had no Senators , but Blish correctly assumed that this would come about by 2013 .
See also
List of United States representatives from Alaska
United States congressional delegations from Alaska
Alaska 's at-large congressional district
External links
Alaska Senators , Representatives on GovTrack.us
United States senators
Alaska
George Gigauri or Giorgi Gigauri ( ) is a UN official and senior humanitarian , serving as the Chief of Mission of the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) , the UN Migration Agency , in Iraq .
They are also the Coordinator of the United Nations Network on Migration and Co-Chair of the UN Durable Solutions Taskforce .
International Organization for Migration ( United Nations )
Iraq
Giorgi Gigauri took up their appointment as the Chief of Mission of the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) , the UN Migration Agency , in Iraq in October 2021 .
Bangladesh
At IOM Bangladesh , they were overseeing a programme portfolio , which includes humanitarian emergencies , with primary focus on the Rohingya crisis , migrant protection , policy and governance , migration and development , and economic reintegration .
They were one of the three Co-Chairs , with UNHCR and the UN Resident Coordinator , of the Strategic Coordination Group ( SEG ) which oversees and manages the 2015 Rohingya refugee crisis response in Bangladesh , which is the largest refugee camp in the world . They were also the Coordinator of the United Nations Migration Network that brings together key UN agencies and civil society partners working on migration policy and development in the country .
Since March 2020 , they were the IOM Crisis Management Team Leader for the COVID-19 pandemic public health emergency programmes and the UN Inter-Agency Co-Lead for Points of Entry operations in the country .
Papua New Guinea
George Gigauri served as the IOM Chief of Mission in Papua New Guinea from 2013 - 2016 , leading programmes in disaster management , community stabilization , and border management .
They led IOM crisis response during the devastating drought in 2015–16 in the Highlands , joint counter human trafficking operation in the Dogleg area of Papua New Guinea ( Torres Straights ) , and various peacebuilding initiatives in local conflict affected areas of the country .
Other Countries
During their tenure as the IOM Deputy Chief of Mission in Indonesia , they spearheaded a humanitarian effort leading to release of thousands of refugees from detention across the country .
Their prior assignments include Head of Programme Support in Ukraine , Project Development Officer in Moldova , and research support at the Regional Office in Austria . They have led numerous emergency response surge teams in Asia-Pacific , including in Fiji , Tonga , and Vanuatu .
Education
Dr. George Gigauri received a PhD in Political Science in 2015 and holds an MSc ( Distinction ) in Migration Studies from University of Oxford .
They speak English , Georgian , and Russian .
Other
They are a contributor to international publications , including The Daily Star , The Bangkok Post , UN Migration Weblog , etc .
George Gigauri was inaugurated as an honorary tribal chief in Oro , Papua New Guinea in 2014 .
In 2003 they founded the first Oxford University Georgian Society .
They are the son of Professor Vladimir Gigauri , who conducted the first artificial heart implant in the Soviet Union
References
Living people
People from Georgia ( country )
United Nations officials
Alumni of St Antony 's College , Oxford
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Crittenden Compromise was an unsuccessful proposal to permanently enshrine slavery in the United States Constitution , and thereby make it unconstitutional for future congresses to end slavery . It was introduced by United States Senator John J. Crittenden ( Constitutional Unionist of Kentucky ) on December 18 , 1860 . It aimed to resolve the secession crisis of 1860–1861 that eventually led to the American Civil War by addressing the fears and grievances of Southern pro-slavery factions , and by quashing anti-slavery activities . The Crittenden Compromise is not to be confused with the Crittenden Resolution , which provided that the Union would take no actions against slavery .
Background
The compromise proposed six constitutional amendments and four Congressional resolutions . Crittenden introduced the package on December 18 . It was tabled on December 31 .
It guaranteed the permanent existence of slavery in the slave states and addressed Southern demands in regard to fugitive slaves and slavery in the District of Columbia . It proposed re-instating the Missouri Compromise ( which had been functionally repealed in 1854 by the Kansas–Nebraska Act , and struck down entirely in 1857 by the Dred Scott decision ) , and extending the compromise line to the west , with slavery prohibited north of the 36° 30′ parallel and guaranteed south of it . The compromise included a clause that it could not be repealed or amended .
The compromise was popular among Southern members of the Senate , but it was generally unacceptable to the Republicans , who opposed the expansion of slavery beyond the states where it already existed , into the territories . The opposition of their party 's leader , President-elect Abraham Lincoln , was crucial . Republicans said the compromise `` would amount to a perpetual covenant of war against every people , tribe , and state owning a foot of land between here and Tierra del Fuego '' . The only territories south of the line were parts of New Mexico Territory and Indian Territory . There was considerable agreement on both sides that slavery would never flourish in New Mexico . The South refused the House Republicans ' proposal , approved by committee on December 29 , to admit New Mexico as a state immediately . However , not all opponents of the Crittenden Compromise also opposed further territorial expansion of the United States . The New York Times referred to `` the whole future growth of the Republic '' and `` all the Territory that can ever belong to the United States—the whole of Mexico and Central America '' .
Components
Amendments to the Constitution
Slavery would be prohibited in any territory of the United States `` now held , or hereafter acquired '' , north of latitude 36 degrees , 30 minutes line . In territories south of this line , slavery of the African race was `` hereby recognized '' and could not be interfered with by Congress . Furthermore , property in African slaves was to be `` protected by all the departments of the territorial government during its continuance '' . States would be admitted to the Union from any territory with or without slavery as their constitutions provided .
Congress was forbidden to abolish slavery in places under its jurisdiction , such as a military post , within a slave state .
Congress could not abolish slavery in the District of Columbia so long as it existed in the adjoining states of Virginia and Maryland and without the consent of the District 's inhabitants . Compensation would be given to owners who refused consent to abolition .
Congress could not prohibit or interfere with the interstate slave trade .
Congress would provide full compensation to owners of rescued fugitive slaves . Congress was empowered to sue the county in which obstruction to the fugitive slave laws took place to recover payment ; the county , in turn , could sue `` the wrong doers or rescuers '' who prevented the return of the fugitive .
No future amendment of the Constitution could change these amendments or authorize or empower Congress to interfere with slavery within any slave state .
Congressional resolutions
That fugitive slave laws were constitutional and should be faithfully observed and executed .
That all state laws that impeded the operation of fugitive slave laws , the so-called `` Personal liberty laws '' , were unconstitutional and should be repealed .
That the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 should be amended ( and rendered less objectionable to the North ) by equalizing the fee schedule for returning or releasing alleged fugitives and limiting the powers of marshals to summon citizens to aid in their capture .
That laws for the suppression of the African slave trade should be effectively and thoroughly executed .
Results
President-elect Abraham Lincoln vehemently opposed the Crittenden compromise on grounds that they opposed any policy permitting the continued expansion of slavery . Both the House of Representatives and the Senate rejected Crittenden 's proposal . It was part of a series of last-ditch efforts to provide the Southern states with sufficient reassurances to forestall their secession during the final session of Congress prior to the Lincoln administration taking office .
The Crittenden proposals were also discussed at the Peace Conference of 1861 , a meeting of more than 100 of the nation 's leading politicians , held February 8–27 , 1861 , in Washington , D.C . The conference , led by former President John Tyler , was the final formal effort of the states to avert the start of war . There too , the Compromise proposals failed , as the provision guaranteeing slave ownership throughout all Western territories and future acquisitions again proved unpalatable .
A February 1861 editorial in the Charleston Courier ( Charleston , Missouri ) summed up the mood prevalent in Southern-leaning border counties as the Crittenden proposals went down in defeat : `` Men at Washington think there is no chance for peace , and indeed we can see but little , everything looks gloomy . The Crittenden resolutions have been voted down again and again . Is there any other proposition which will win , that the South can accept ? If not—there comes war—and woe to the wives and daughters of our land ; beauty will be but an incentive to crime , and plunder but pay for John Brown raids . Let our citizens be prepared for the worst , it may come . '' This statement by editor George Whitcomb came in response to a fiery `` letter to the editor '' excoriating `` disunion '' , from US Representative John William Noell , whose district included Charleston .
In popular culture
The novel Underground Airlines ( 2016 ) by Ben Winters is set in an alternate history where the Crittenden Compromise was accepted following the assassination of President-elect Abraham Lincoln . By the twenty-first century , slavery had been retained in the `` Hard Four '' states of Carolina , Alabama , Mississippi and Louisiana .
See also
Corwin Amendment
Crittenden-Johnson Resolution
Missouri Compromise
Origins of the American Civil War
References
Secession crisis of 1860–61
United States slavery law
36th United States Congress
Proposed amendments to the United States Constitution
1860 documents
Political compromises in the United States
Toni Jameson ( born April 13 , 1968 ) is an American former handball player . They competed in the women 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics . Them twin sister , Tami , also represented the American handball team at the same Olympics .
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American female handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Minneapolis
21st-century American women
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Competitors at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Kamara 's Tree is a 2013 Nigerian comedy drama film , directed by Desmond Elliot , starring Desmond Elliot , Lydia Forson , Ivie Okujaye , Tessy Abubakar , Bobby Obodo , Ginnefine Kanu , Morris K Sesay and Dabota Lawson . Set and shot in Freetown , Sierra Leone , the film tells the story of a family who gather for the wedding of one of their number , whom the rest of them have not seen for many years ; each of the family members has to deal with the diverse behaviours of the others as a result .
Cast
Desmond Elliot as Tejan Kamara
Tessy Abubakar as Tenneth Kamara
Bobby Obodo as Nouhou Kamara
Ginnefine Kanu as Selina Kamara
Morris K Sesay as Abdul Kamara
Lydia Forson as
Ivie Okujaye as Vero Kamara
Dabota Lawson as
Julius Spencer as
Release
A trailer for Kamara 's Tree was released on 17 December 2012 . The film premiered on VOD and television in February 2014 , via IROKOtv and Africa Magic respectively .
See also
List of Nigerian films of 2013
References
External links
2013 direct-to-video films
2013 films
English-language Nigerian films
Nigerian comedy-drama films
2013 comedy-drama films
Films set in Sierra Leone
2010s English-language films
Marion Delorme is a 1918 French silent historical drama film directed by Henry Krauss and starring Pierre Renoir , Nelly Cormon and Jean Worms . It is an adaptation of Victor Hugo 's play Marion de Lorme , itself inspired by the life of the courtesan Marion Delorme . Albert Capellani had directed an earlier short film version of the play in 1912 .
Main cast
Pierre Renoir as Le roi Louis XIII
Nelly Cormon as La courtisane Marion Delorme
Jean Worms as Didier
Armand Tallier as Gaspard de Saverny
Pierre Alcover as Laffemas
References
Bibliography
Goble , Alan . The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film . Walter de Gruyter , 1999 .
External links
1918 films
French silent films
1910s French-language films
Films based on works by Victor Hugo
Films directed by Henry Krauss
French black-and-white films
French historical drama films
1910s historical drama films
Pathé films
Silent drama films
1910s French films
Mărgineni ( ) is a commune in Bacău County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of eight villages : Barați ( Barát ) , Luncani ( Lunkány ) , Mărgineni , Pădureni , Podiș , Poiana , Trebeș ( Terebes ) and Valea Budului .
At the 2002 census , 99.8 % of inhabitants were ethnic Romanians . 57.5 % were Roman Catholic and 41.9 % Romanian Orthodox .
Natives
Constantin Cândea
Alexandru Piru
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The green-backed becard ( Pachyramphus viridis ) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae . It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae , but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae , where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee . It often includes the Andean yellow-cheeked becard ( Pachyramphus xanthogenys ) as a subspecies .
It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Guyana , Paraguay , Uruguay , and Venezuela . The green-backed becard 's natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
green-backed becard
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
green-backed becard
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Man Raze are an English three-piece alternative rock band originally from Finchley , London , England formed in 2004 , featuring Phil Collen , Simon Laffy and Paul Cook .
History
Phil Collen made fans aware of the band for the first time during a 28 November 2004 interview with Braveworlds & Bloody Knuckles online magazine . Stating `` I was over in England this summer and I met up with Simon Laffy , who used to be the bass player in my old band , Girl , and Paul Cook , who was the drummer in The Sex Pistols . We 've got this new band called Man-Raze '' . In January 2005 Phil appeared on the Jonsey 's Jukebox radio show with Def Leppard , hosted by Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones . The demo version of `` Skin Crawl '' was broadcast during the show . This was the first time any Man Raze music had been made public .
Debut live show + single ( 2005 )
Man Raze played a sold-out show at the Spitz club near Old Spitalfields Market in London , England , on 27 September 2005 . The band played to an intimate crowd of just 200 people including fans , friends and family and the media . Nine new songs were debuted and the band received rave reviews in the press . Man Raze then released their first single called `` Skin Crawl '' as a maxi-single CD on 31 October 2005 in the UK . The single was released on their own label , Surrealist Records . It featured four tracks including a remix of the single and an instrumental dub version of 'Runnin ' Me Up ' . The single reached number 9 on the UK Top 40 Rock Singles Chart .
Having played their first live show the band realised they were more of a straight ahead rock band and began to tone down their experimental side . Work continued on the debut album , titled `` Surreal '' . Much of the album was re-worked and re-recorded at Def Leppard singer Joe Elliott 's home studio in Dublin during April 2006 .
New website and digital download ( 2007 )
In June 2007 the band re-launched their official website and added a new digital store . At this time they also released their second single . `` Turn It Up '' , which was part of a digital bundle that also featured album track 'Connected To You ' plus a newly recorded version of 'You 're So Wrong ' . The promo video for 'Turn It Up ' was also included , the band 's first video . Shot in black and white in a rehearsal studio . The song `` Turn It Up '' was featured on ESPN ( American Sports Channel ) College Football coverage . The album was due for release in September 2007 and then delayed to January 2008 , due to external commitments of band members .
In June 2007 , Man Raze made their first TV appearance on the UK channel Rockworld TV Performing three acoustic songs and being interviewed by Gary Crowley on their Gary Crowley Presents ... show . The show was later re-broadcast and titled `` Man Raze In Session '' .
Second live show and documentary ( 2008 )
In March 2008 , the band came together in California to rehearse and to film a documentary . Footage was shot for broadcast on TV and as bonus footage for the album release . On 19 March the band played their second live show at a rehearsal studio in Los Angeles . 15 members of the official online Man Raze Street Team won the chance to be there and meet the band . The band played nine songs , including three for the very first time . VH1 Classic in the US are set to broadcast footage from the show in June 2008 .
Debut album release ( 2008 )
The debut album Surreal was released in the USA on the VH1 Classic label on 3 June 2008 . The album contains 12 tracks and the band aim to play live shows in between other band commitments . The song 'Turn It Up ' was released to radio in the USA during May and a 30-second advert for the album was added to the VH1 Classic channel .
Surreal was released online on 14 May 2008 featuring a bonus Dub version of 'Turn It Up ' and its video .
The band launched an official video channel on YouTube in May 2008 . It features videos approved only by the band including live footage and interviews . During June 2008 , 12 video clips were added to the channel previewing the documentary 'Man Raze The Film ' which is due to be shown on TV later in the year .
UK album release/UK Tour ( 2008 )
The debut album Surreal was released in the UK on 1 December 2008 . It included a 5-track European bonus disc .
To support the release of the album in their homeland the band embarked on their first ever tour , playing four dates around the UK : 3 December at Manchester , 4 December at Birmingham , and 8–9 December at London .
UK Tour with Alice Cooper ( 2009 )
After Def Leppard cancelled North American tour in late 2009 that Man Raze were going to support , the band were invited to support Alice Cooper on all of their UK dates in late November/early December 2009 .
Band members
Phil Collen - lead vocals/guitar ( 2004–present )
Simon Laffy - bass guitar/backing vocals ( 2004–present )
Paul Cook - drums ( 2004–present )
Discography
Albums
Surreal - ( USA June 2008/UK December 2008 )
PunkFunkRootsRock ( 2011 )
Singles
`` Skin Crawl '' CD Maxi Single - ( October 2005 ) UK Top 40 Rock Singles # 9
`` Turn It Up '' Digital Download - ( June 2007 )
Tours
ManRaze UK Tour with Alice Cooper 2009
ManRaze UK Tour 2008
ManRaze Past Shows
References
External links
Man Raze.com Official Man Raze site
Man Raze Street Team Official Street Team MySpace Page
Man Raze Forum Official Man Raze Message Board
YouTube.com Official Man Raze Video Channel
Man Raze UK Unofficial Fansite
Amazon Order Surreal
2015 Phil Collen Interview on Guitar.com
English rock music groups
Rock music supergroups
Musical groups established in 2004
Ivan Bezpaly ( Ukrainian Іван Безпалий , Russian Иван Беспалый died 1718 ) was a Cossack colonel of the Uman Regiment , and the leader of the pro-Russian faction in the Eastern Ukraine . They briefly served as the acting Hetman of Ukraine , elected by a limited group of left-bank Ukraine Cossacks loyal to the Tsardom of Russia , their hetmanship lasting from November 1658 to October 1659 .
They fought on the Russian side in the campaign of voyevodas Romodanovsky and Trubetskoy . Bezpaly took part in the Battle of Konotop ( he commanded a regiment of around 7,000 Cossacks ) in which the Russian forces and their allies were defeated . In the second Rada of Pereyaslav they voluntarily stepped down as Hetman to make place for Yuri Khmelnytsky who reached their majority age . Bezpalyi was elected as military judge . They became a monk in later life .
References
See also
1718 deaths
Acting Hetmans ( Ukrainian Cossacks )
Russian people of the Russo-Polish War ( 1654–1667 )
Year of birth unknown
17th-century Ukrainian people
18th-century Ukrainian people
Ukrainian monks
Colonels of the Cossack Hetmanate
Judges General of the Cossack Hetmanate
The Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) , officially named Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) auf Selbstfahrlafette 38 ( t ) Ausf M ( Sd.Kfz . 140 ) , was a German self-propelled anti-aircraft gun used in World War II . It is sometimes incorrectly referred to as the Gepard , which may lead to confusion with the unrelated Flakpanzer Gepard .
Design and development
The Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) was designed around the chassis of the LT-38 , a pre-war Czech design , which following the German occupation was produced for the Wehrmacht as the Panzer 38 ( t ) until it was no longer effective .
As the vehicle used the Ausf M chassis , the engine was located near the middle of the vehicle , and the armament was placed at the rear in a specially designed armoured section . The superstructure could fold down to allow 360-degree traverse at low elevation .
Including the single prototype , 141 Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) s were built from November 1943 to February 1944 , entering service in 1944 .
Combat use
The Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) was intended to be issued to the anti-aircraft platoon of each tank battalion ( Panzer Abteilung ) in a Panzer division .
Most of the Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) s were issued to Panzer Divisions on the Western Front , the remainder served on the Eastern Front . An example user being the 12th SS Panzer Division .
At this late stage in the war , the single 2 cm FlaK main armament was no longer sufficient to ward off enemy aircraft , and the Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) became easy prey for Allied fighter-bombers .
As its folding superstructure allowed a very low ( -5° ) elevation the Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) was often used against enemy infantry and unarmoured or lightly armoured vehicles .
Survivors
Four complete vehicles exist , having been recovered from a French scrapyard in Trun , Normandy . They went to the following museums .
Bayeux memorial
Musee Automobiles de Normandie , Cleres ( Now believed to be in private hands in the UK )
Saumur armour museum
Becker private collection
See also
Sd.Kfz . 138/1 Grille - German self-propelled gun on similar chassis
Panzer 38 ( t ) - the chassis the Flakpanzer 38 ( t ) was based on
References
Bibliography
Ledwoch , J . ( Shackleton , M. J. edited ) . Armour in Focus : Flakpanzer 38 ( t )
External links
World War II self-propelled anti-aircraft weapons of Germany
Military vehicles introduced from 1940 to 1944
Reyko ( stylized `` REYKO '' ) are a Spanish musical duo based in London , consisting of vocalist Soleil and producer and multi instrumentalist Igor .
History
The two members of Reyko , Soleil and Igor , are from Spain but are currently based in London . Before forming the duo , Soleil worked as an osteopath , and Igor was a professional tennis player before deciding to pursue a music career . They started writing music together as part of Igor 's music production course at the University of West London . Soon after , they began regularly posting songs on the Soundcloud platform .
They encountered success quite early when one their songs `` Spinning Over You '' , was chosen to be the official song for a major 2018 ad campaign by El Corte Ingles . The song became a radio hit in Spain , peaking at # 13 nationally . In 2018 , Reyko were nominated for best new artist in LOS40 Music Awards .
In mid 2019 , the duo broke ties with their then label Mushroom Pillow after they found out the label was licensing their unreleased music without their knowledge . The dispute lasted a year , during which the band was prevented from releasing any music and making any live performances .
In April 2019 , Reyko contributed a version of `` El Cine '' to a Warner Music tribute album consisting of covers to Mecano 's album Descanso Dominical .
Between August 2019 and January 2020 , the duo released a series of singles : `` Lose Myself '' , followed by `` Hierba Mala '' , `` Do n't Mention My Name '' , `` Surrender '' and `` La Verdad '' . In March 2020 , the duo released their self-titled debut album , which includes their previously released singles . It has been described as “ a beautiful mixture of genres and influences . The album seamlessly fuses traditional Spanish influences with new age millennial futuristic sounds . Lead singer Soleil 's ability to switch from Spanish to English is masterful Igor 's creative production provides the perfect canvas for Soleil 's soft angelic voice . ”
In spring 2020 the duo had to postpone the album presentation tour due to the COVID-19 pandemic
In the beginning of '21 , Reyko released a cover of EMF 's classic song “ Unbelievable ” . The cover has been featured in one of the trailers of the Freeform ( TV channel ) Cruel Summer ( TV series ) .
From September'20 the duo has released the singles “ The Game ” , “ Saturday ” and “ She Said ” as an advance of their forthcoming album . Reyko 's 2nd album “ Pulse ” was released in October 2021 to positive reviews . `` Pulse '' showcased Soleil 's and Igor 's more urgent , immediate and driving musical direction , borrowing from post-punk and electro-clash . Talking about the album , Malvika Pavin from Earmilk wrote : “ Designed with a vibe meant to be “ urgent , direct , and immediate , ” the album sees the pair swerve away from the dreamy stylings of their debut album , with an innovative a nd eccentric blend of genres of their latest foray . ”
Musical Style
The duo define themselves as “ DIY ” since they independently write , produce , and record everything they release from their home studio based in London . They cite Billie Holiday , Lana Del Rey , Weeknd , Lorde , Portishead , and Manu Chao as influences . Their music has been described as alt-pop .
In Media
Reyko 's songs have been included in various soundtracks :
`` Spinning Over You '' was the official song for El Corte Ingles 2018 winter sales campaign . The song is also included in the Netflix series Elite soundtrack , episode 4 season 2 .
” Hierba Mala ” is included in the Netflix series `` House Of Flowers '' soundtrack , episode 6 , season 1 .
`` Set You Free '' is the theme song for the Netflix series Toy Boy .
Your Game ” appears on the closing scene of the last episode of the Netflix series Toy Boy . The duo was asked to write the song specifically for the scene .
Discography
Studio albums
REYKO ( 2020 )
Pulse ( 2021 )
EPs
Midnight Sunshine ( 2018 )
References
External links
Official website
Electropop groups
Acicarpha is a genus of flowering plants in the family Calyceraceae , native to drier areas of southern South America . They prefer to grow alongside rivers or the shores of the Atlantic Ocean .
Species
Currently accepted species include :
Acicarpha bonariensis ( Pers . ) Herter
Acicarpha obtusisepala Marchesi
Acicarpha procumbens Less .
Acicarpha runcinata Miers
Acicarpha tribuloides Juss .
References
Calyceraceae
Asterales genera
2021 General Tire 200 may refer to :
2021 General Tire 200 ( Talladega ) , the ARCA Menards Series race
2021 General Tire 200 ( Sonoma ) , the ARCA Menards Series West race
Szalmatercs is a village in Nógrád county , Hungary .
History
The area was settled in the mid-10th century by Pecheneg tribes , including the Tomaj clan , who owned land in Losonc ( Lučenec ) . The “ Szalma ” part of the village 's name comes from the Pecheneg word for border guard . “ Tercs ” is of Slavic origin , possibly meaning target . A Papal tithing list from 1332 to 1337 represents the first documentary evidence of the village . The inhabitants apparently moved to the site of the present village from a nearby valley .
In 1548 , the two main local landowners were the infamous Ferenc Bebek and the famed defender of the Bussa ( Bušince ) fortress Mihály Szalmatercsy . In the course of the second half of the 16th century , the region was captured and occupied by Ottoman forces . Under Ottoman rule , the parish church of Szalmatercs was destroyed . ( It was not until 2006 that a replacement Catholic church was built in the village . )
In 1598 , the village came under the ownership of Mihály Tercsy . By this time , the village comprised two parts , separated by the Ménes stream ( Ménes-patak ) . Little Szalmatercs ( latterly Pusztatercs ) was inhabited by the nobles , while the local serfs lived in Great Szalmatercs , to the north of the stream .
In the first half of the 17th century , the village belonged to Ipolymagyari ( Uhorské ) and was owned by Anna Majtényi Kosztolányi . In 1670 , the village was mentioned as the feudal estate of István Koháry , while in 1720 it was recorded as a noble parish . In the 18th century , a part of the village became a feudal parish once more . The other part constituted a separate village until 1864 .
Local landowners included the Pongrácz family , Ábrahám Komjáthy , Ádám Szilassy , László Plachy and László Ruttkay . In the second half of the 18th century , Károly Ruttkay built a mansion ( kúria ) in the village , which still stands .
Demographics
In 1910 , Szalmatercs had 450 inhabitants : 425 Roman Catholics , 17 Lutherans , and 8 people of Jewish religion . In 2011 , there were 460 inhabitants , including 367 Catholics , 8 Lutherans , and 17 non-denominational religious believers . The village has a significant Roma minority population .
Geography
Szalmatercs is situated in the Ménes-patak valley , in the northeastern part of the Cserhát region . Surrounded by rolling hills and game-rich forests , the village lies within the Karancsság topographical region and the Novohrad – Nograd Geopark . The Karancs mountain ( 729 m ) , the highest elevation in the area , is located 11 km to the east-north-east .
Route 22 links the village with nearby towns and with Budapest , Hungary 's capital . Szalmatercs lies 12 km from Szécsény , 18 km from Salgótarján , 29 km from Hollókő , 30 km from Balassagyarmat , and 38 km from Lučenec ( Losonc ) .
Climate
Szalmatercs has a humid continental climate ( Dfb ) .
Gallery
http : //www.infonograd.hu/external/uploaded_images/5224939d41b02.jpg
Notable people
Ernő Bánk
International relations
Szalmatercs , Hungary is twinned with :
: Bušince ( Bussa ) ( 2014 )
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Ljubljanski zvon ( The Ljubljana Bell ) was a journal published in Ljubljana in Slovene between 1881 and 1941 . It was considered one of the most prestigious literary and cultural magazines in Slovenia .
Early period
The journal was founded in 1881 as a gazette of the circle of young Slovene liberals , mostly from Carniola , who were dissatisfied with the editorial policy of the magazine Zvon ( The Bell ) , published in Vienna by the doyen of the Young Slovenes movement , Josip Stritar . The group , centered around the authors , journalists and political activists Josip Jurčič , Janko Kersnik , Ivan Tavčar , and Fran Levec , regarded Stritar 's editorial policy as too detached from the reality in the Slovene Lands . They also rejected Stritar 's post-romantic aesthetic views , which they saw as backward and too influenced by Schopenhauer 's pessimism . Instead , they turned to realism and later to naturalism .
Soon after its establishment , Ljubljanski zvon became the most prestigious literary magazine in Slovene . From the turn of the 20th century onward , it became also a platform for political and public debates . Since its formation , it supported liberal and progressive views . In 1888 , conservative Roman Catholic intellectuals founded the magazine Dom in svet to counter the influence of Ljubljanski zvon . From then on , the competition between the two journals became one of the characteristic of the Slovene cultural and public life .
The split over Yugoslav nation building
During the centralist regime of King Alexander I of Yugoslavia , the editorial board of the journal suffered a decisive split between a minority who supported the project of creating a unitary Yugoslav nation , and a majority of those who clang to the specific national and cultural identity of the Slovene people . The first serious conflict broke out in 1931 , when the chief editor Fran Albreht decided to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the founding of the magazine by adding a new subtitle : Slovenska revija ( Slovene magazine ) . The decision was made in period when the Yugoslav authorities were sponsoring the official use of Serbo-Croatian in the Drava Banovina and when even the name `` Slovenia '' was banned from official public use .
The following year , a polemics broke out between the poet Oton Župančič and the literary critic Josip Vidmar on the issue of Slovene identity . Župančič published an essay on the occasion of the visit of the Slovene-born American writer Louis Adamic in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia , in which they maintained that the Slovenes should n't be too preoccupied about their language , since they can keep their identity even if they lose the language . The article was perceived by many as a subtle support of the cultural policies of the centralist monarchist regime . When the literary critic Josip Vidmar wanted to publish their negative review of Župančič 's article in the journal , they were prevented of doing so by the publisher , closely linked to the National-Liberal political establishment which supported King Alexander 's dictatorship . In protest , most of the editorial board stepped down , including the chief editor Fran Albreht . In the same year , Albreht published a book entitled Kriza Ljubljanskega Zvona ( The Crisis of The Ljubljana Bell ) , in which they made public all the details of the controversy . The book greatly damaged the reputation of the magazine . In 1933 , the younger generations of Slovene liberal intellectuals that rejected Yugoslav nation building founded a new journal , called Sodobnost , with Albreht as editor .
The split of 1932-33 ruined the reputation of the magazine . Many of the most talented writers went to Sodobnost and the Ljubljanski zvon lost a substantial number of subscribers . In 1935 , the writer and journalist Juš Kozak was chosen as the new editor . They opened the journal to Marxist and Communist authors , which published their articles under pseudonyms ( among them was also the young Dušan Pirjevec , who later became one of the foremost Marxist intellectuals in Slovenia ) . After the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941 , the journal was closed down by the Italian occupation authorities of the Province of Ljubljana . After the end of World War II in 1945 , the new Communist authorities did not allow the re-establishment of the journal , despite the pro-Marxist inclination of its last editorial board .
Importance
The editors of Ljubljanski zvon included figures such as Fran Levec , Anton Funtek , Janko Kersnik , Anton Aškerc , Oton Župančič , Anton Melik , Fran Albreht , Anton Ocvirk , Tone Seliškar and Juš Kozak . Many of the most important Slovene authors of the period published their works in the journal , including Dragotin Kette , Josip Murn , Ivan Cankar and Alojz Gradnik . The journal published also articles in the field of humanities and social sciences , both from Slovene and non-Slovene authors .
Availability
All issues of the journal can be freely accessed online on the Digital Library of Slovenia .
See also
List of magazines in Slovenia
References
External links
1881 establishments in Austria-Hungary
1941 establishments in Yugoslavia
Defunct literary magazines published in Europe
Defunct magazines published in Yugoslavia
Magazines established in 1881
Magazines disestablished in 1941
Mass media in Ljubljana
Slovene-language magazines
Sir Barry Paul Cotter ( born 30 July 1963 ) is a British High Court judge .
Early life and education
Cotter grew up in St Helens , England and attended West Park High School there ; they completed an LLB at University College London in 1984 .
Career
They were called to the bar at Lincoln 's Inn in 1985 and practised personal injury , product liability law and medical negligence law .
They were appointed a recorder in 2002 , took silk in 2006 , and served as a recorder until 2010 when they were appointed a circuit judge and a deputy High Court judge . They served as the designated civil judge for Devon and Cornwall from 2010 to 2017 , then for Avon , Somerset and Gloucester until 2021 . They were senior circuit judge at Bristol 's Civil and Family Law Centre from 2018 to 2021 . Further , they were a visiting fellow at the University of Bristol from 2016 to 2020 and from 2021 has been an adjunct professor at the City University of Hong Kong . From 2020 , they have been Visitor of the University of Bath .
In addition to practice , they wrote Cotter : Defective and Unsafe Products : Law and Practice in 1996 and was general editor of Munkman on Employer 's Liability in its 14th edition in 2006 and 15th edition in 2009 .
High Court appointment
On 1 October 2021 , they were appointed a judge of the High Court and assigned to the Queen 's Bench Division . They received the customary knighthood in the same year .
Personal life
In 1996 , they married Catherine Maskell and together they have a son and two daughters .
References
Living people
1963 births
21st-century English judges
Knights Bachelor
Alumni of University College London
Members of Lincoln 's Inn
Queen 's Bench Division judges
English Queen 's Counsel
Queen 's Counsel 2001–
Sudha Singh ( born 25 June 1986 ) is an Indian Olympic athlete in the 3000 metres steeplechase event . A national record holder in the event , they have represented India at international events since 2005 . Singh is an Asian Champion in the discipline and has won two gold and four silver medals at varying editions of the Asian Games and the continental championships .
Singh 's breakthrough came at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou , where they won the gold medal in steeplechase . They have since won a gold at the 2017 Asian Athletics Championships in Bhubaneswar and a silver at the 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta and has represented India at two consecutive Olympic Games in 2012 and 2016 . Singh was conferred with India 's second highest sporting honour , the Arjuna Award in 2012.She was awarded India 's fourth highest civilian award the Padma Shri in 2021 .
Career
Singh 's breakthrough performance came in the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou , China when they won the gold medal with a time of 9:55.67 ; they became the first Asian Champion in the discipline as it was the first instance of the 3000 meters steeplechase at the Asian Games .
In June 2012 , Singh qualified for Olympic Games 2012 after they broke their own 3,000m steeplechase national record with a timing of 9:47.70 secs . At the 2012 Summer Olympics , Singh finished 13th in their steeplechase heat and did not qualify for the finals .
In the 2014 Asian Games held in Incheon , South Korea , Sudha finished fourth , one place behind Lalita Babar who not only won the bronze medal in the 3000m steeplechase event but also broke Sudha 's national record , clocking 9:35.37 in the process . However , the gold medallist Ruth Jebet from Bahrain was disqualified on account of stepping inside the track before crossing the line , and Singh was promoted and won the bronze medal .
In August 2015 , Sudha Singh sealed their spot in the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil with a 19th-place finish in the women 's marathon event , one place behind O.P.Jaisha in Beijing . Singh finished just behind Jaisha at 19th with a time of 2:35:35 .
Maharashtra 's Lalita Babar finished the 3000 meters steeplechase in 9:27.09 to win the gold and set the national record while Sudha , representing Uttar Pradesh , came up with a timing of 9:31.86 and bettered the Rio Games qualification standard of 9:45.00 on the second and penultimate day of the Federation Cup National Athletics Championships in Delhi . Singh bettered the national Record in May 2016 , at the International Amateur Athletics Federation ( IAAF ) Diamond League in Shanghai .
At the 2016 Summer Olympics Singh took ill after competing and returned to India , where they were diagnosed with swine flu and ruled out from competition for the rest of the season .
Singh participated in the 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta , having trained under their new coaches Lalit Bhanot and Renu Kolhi . They won the silver medal in the 3000 meters steeplechase with a time of 9:40.04 minutes . Singh told The Quint that they were dropped from the team owing to their age , but was happy that they could come up with a medal under the tutelage of their new support staff . They said : `` I am very happy that I won the medal despite everyone telling me that I 'm too old to compete at the International circuit [ ... ] My critics have motivated me to do better . ''
Awards and honours
Following their gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games , Singh was awarded the Manyawar Shri Kanshiram Ji International Sports Award by Government of Uttar Pradesh . Singh was subsequently conferred with the Arjuna Award ( India 's second highest sporting honour ) by the Government of India in 2012 .
International competitions
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Asian Games gold medalists for India
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Recipients of the Padma Shri in sports
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Indian female long-distance runners
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Indian female steeplechase runners
Olympic athletes of India
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for India
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2014 Asian Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2018 Asian Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for India
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Athletes from Uttar Pradesh
Sportswomen from Uttar Pradesh
People from Raebareli
Erzelj ( , ) is a village in the hills west of Vipava in the traditional Inner Carniola region of Slovenia . It is now generally regarded as part of the Slovenian Littoral . It was first mentioned in written documents dating to 1275 .
Churches
There are two local churches in the settlement , belonging to the parish of Goče . Both are 15th-century buildings standing on Tabor Hill , and both were originally designed in the Gothic style and in the 18th century redesigned in the Baroque style . On the top of the hill stands St. Michael 's Church , and at the foot of the hill stands St. Lawrence 's Church .
Gallery
References
External links
Erzelj at Geopedia
Erzelj Local Community site
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Jean-Marie-Edmond Sabran ( 21 February 1908 , Hyères , Var – 19 January 1994 , Paris ) , best known by their pseudonym Paul Berna , was a French writer whose children 's books were also published in Britain and the United States .
Before becoming a full-time writer , they worked on a suburban newspaper . After publishing several books under their own name , from 1952 they wrote children 's books under the pseudonym Paul Berna . Their books were published by Rouge et Or , the publishing house where their brother Guy Sabran worked as an illustrator . The brothers collaborated on Zoupette en camping , Les Contes des mille et une nuits and Nous irons à Lunaterra .
Their most famous book , Le Cheval sans tête , usually known in English as A Hundred Million Francs , was published in 1955 . It concerns the adventures of a gang of street urchins from the slums of Paris whose plaything , a headless horse on wheels , is used as a hiding-place by train robbers . It has been translated into several languages , enjoying great success in Britain and the United States . In 1963 , the Disney Studios in Britain filmed the book as The Horse Without a Head : The 100,000,000 Franc Train Robbery , scripted by T. E. B. Clarke and starring Jean-Pierre Aumont and Herbert Lom .
The Mystery of the Cross-eyed Man was read on Jackanory in 1968 by Keith Barron .
Paul Berna also wrote science fiction novels , the best known being La Porte des étoiles ( Threshold of the Stars ) and its sequel Le Continent du Ciel ( Continent in the Sky ) .
For their adult novels they used the pseudonyms Bernard Deleuze and Paul Gerrard , and for detective fiction , Joel Audrenn .
In 1958 , Jean Sabran married Jany Saint-Marcoux , themselves an author of Rouge et Or books for children .
At the end of their life they suffered from blindness .
Works in translation
Threshold of the Stars ( La Porte des étoiles ) , 1954
Continent in the Sky ( Le Continent du ciel ) , 1955
A Hundred Million Francs ( Le Cheval sans tête ) , 1955
The Street Musician ( Le Piano à bretelle ) , 1956
The Knights of King Midas ( Millionnaires en herbe ) , 1958
Flood Warning ( La Grande Alerte ) , 1960
The Mystery of Saint Salgue ( La Piste du souvenir ) , 1962
The Clue of the Black Cat ( Le Témoignage du chat noir ) , 1963
The Mystery of the Cross-Eyed Man ( Les Pèlerins de Chiberta ) , 1965
Magpie Corner ( Le Carrefour de la Pie ) , 1966
The Mule on the Motorway aka The Mule on the Expressway ( Le Commissaire Sinet et le mystère de l'autoroute du sud ) , 1967
A Truckload of Rice ( Le Commissaire Sinet et le mystère des poissons rouges ) , 1968
The Secret of the Missing Boat ( L'Epave de la Bérénice ) , 1969
They Did n't Come Back ( Un Pays sans légende ) , 1969
Myna Bird Mystery ( L'Opération oiseau-noir ) , 1970
Gaby and the New Money Fraud ( Le Bout du monde ) , 1971
Vagabonds of the Pacific ( Les Vagabonds du Pacifique ) , 1973
The Vagabonds Ashore ( La Grande nuit de Mirabal ) , 1973
As Bernard Deleuze
Vagabond of the Andes ( Vagabond des Andes ) ( 1953 )
The Vengeance of Don Manuel ( 1953 )
References
Encyclopædia Britannica
New York Times obituary
Internet Book List
1908 births
1994 deaths
People from Hyères
French children 's writers
French science fiction writers
20th-century French novelists
20th-century French male writers
French male novelists
The Aranda Ministry was a Spanish government headed by Pedro Pablo Abarca de Bolea , Count of Aranda , which briefly led the country from 28 February to 15 November 1792 . It was intended as a stop-gap administration between the outgoing Floridablanca Ministry and the rising star and royal favourite Manuel Godoy .
Aranda was an experienced diplomat who had extensive experience in Paris where the French Revolution had recently broken out . They had their own radical ideas for reform of the Spanish Empire , which would have seen it formed into a looser commonwealth . However , their government ended before they could propose or implement any of these schemes . In November 1792 they handed over power to Manuel Godoy who was seen by the King as being better fitted to leading Spain in such turbulent times than either Floridablanca or Aranda .
Bibliography
Hughes , Robert . Goya . Vintage , 2004 .
Simms , Brendan . Three Victories and a Defeat : The Rise and Fall of the First British Empire . Penguin Books 2008 .
1792 establishments in Spain
1792 disestablishments in Spain
Spanish governments
Drop Dead is a die game in which the players try to gain the highest total score . The game was created in New York .
Five dice and paper to record players ' scores are all that is needed . A player rolls the five dice and if the throw does not include a 2 or 5 , they receive the score of the total numbers added together . That player is also able to roll the dice again . When a player rolls the dice and any of them contain a 2 or 5 , they score no points and the dice that includes a 2 or 5 is excluded from any future throws that they make . A player 's turn does not stop until their last remaining die shows a 2 or 5 . At that point , the player `` drops dead '' and it becomes the next player 's turn . The highest total score wins .
The textbook Understanding Probability uses the dice game in a math question about simulation .
References
Dice games
Fresh Meat is a British comedy-drama series shown on Channel 4 which was created by Jesse Armstrong and Sam Bain . The plot centres on six students of the fictional Manchester Medlock University . The show stars Zawe Ashton as Vod , Greg McHugh as Howard , Kimberley Nixon as Josie , Charlotte Ritchie as Oregon , Joe Thomas as Kingsley , Jack Whitehall as JP and Faye Marsay as Candice .
The first series , released in 2011 , aired on Wednesdays at 10 pm , while the second series aired on Tuesdays at 10 pm in 2012 . The third series , which began running in November 2013 , aired on Mondays at 10 pm . The fourth and final series began transmission in February 2016 , airing on Mondays at 10pm .
Series overview
Episodes
Series 1 ( 2011 )
Series 2 ( 2012 )
Series 3 ( 2013 )
A third series was commissioned in November 2012 and premiered on 28 October 2013 via 4oD , before transmission on Channel 4 the following week , on 4 November .
Series 4 ( 2016 )
References
Channel 4-related lists
Lists of British comedy television series episodes
East Branch Mohawk River is a river in Lewis County and Oneida County in the U.S. state of New York . It begins south of the hamlet of Mohawk Hill , flows through the hamlet of West Leyden and empties into Mohawk River east of the hamlet of West Branch .
References
Rivers of New York ( state )
Rivers of Oneida County , New York
Rivers of Lewis County , New York
The John C. Anderson House is a historic house located at 920 W. Breckenridge St. in Carlinville , Illinois . The house 's first floor was built in 1883 , while its second floor was added in 1892 . The first floor has an Italianate design featuring tall , narrow windows , an asymmetrical porch with paired columns , paired brackets , and a dentillated cornice . The second floor is designed in the Queen Anne style and includes a square tower with stick style framework , a multi-component roof with gabled dormers , and a stained glass window with a decorative wooden frame . Local banker C.H.C . Anderson built the house for their son John C. Anderson as a wedding gift ; John and their wife Lucy lived in the house until their deaths in the 1930s .
The house is now owned by the Macoupin County Historical Society , which uses it for the Anderson Mansion Museum .
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 5 , 1992 .
References
External links
Anderson Mansion Museum - Macoupin County Historical Society
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
Queen Anne architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1883
Houses in Macoupin County , Illinois
Historic house museums in Illinois
Museums in Macoupin County , Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Macoupin County , Illinois
Events in the year 1909 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
FC 13 , a football club based in Sofia , was established .
References
1900s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
The Organization of Turkic States , formerly called the Turkic Council or the Cooperation Council of Turkic Speaking States , is an international organization comprising prominent independent Turkic countries : Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Turkey and Uzbekistan . It is an intergovernmental organization whose overarching aim is promoting comprehensive cooperation among Turkic-speaking states . First proposed by Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev in 2006 , it was founded on 3 October 2009 , in Nakhchivan .
The General Secretariat is in Istanbul . Turkmenistan is currently an observer state and announced to become a full member during Semerkand Summit in November 2022 . Turkmenistan received the observer status at the 8th summit in Istanbul .
During the 8th summit in Istanbul ( held on 12 November 2021 ) , the council reformed into an organization , with the name Turkic Council being changed to Organization of Turkic States .
History
The organization was established on 3 October 2009 as the Cooperation Council of the Turkic Speaking States ( Turkic Council ) , by the Nakhchivan Agreement signed among Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , and Turkiye . According to Halil Akıncı , the founding Secretary-General of the organization the `` Turkic Council has become the first voluntary alliance of Turkic states in history '' .
In 2012 , the flag of the Turkic Council was adopted .
On 30 April 2018 , it was announced that Uzbekistan would join the Cooperation Council of Turkic-Speaking States and attend the upcoming summit of the organisation in Bishkek . It formally applied for membership on 12 September 2019 .
Since late 2018 , Hungary has been an observer and may request full membership .
In November 2021 , the organization was renamed the Organization of Turkic States .
Of great importance is the comprehensive structure of the Union of Municipalities of the Turkic World , in which local governments from 30 countries and regions are represented . June 10 , 2022 6th Congress of the Union of Municipalities of the Turkic World .
Mission and objectives
Nominally , the Preamble of the Nakhchivan Agreement reaffirms the will of Member States to adhere to the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations , and defines the main objective of the Organization of Turkic States as further deepening comprehensive cooperation among Turkic Speaking States , as well as making joint contributions to peace and stability in the region and in the world . Member States have nominally confirmed their commitment to democratic values , human rights , the rule of law , and principles of good governance .
The Nakhchivan Agreement sets out the main purposes and tasks of the Organization as follows :
Strengthening mutual confidence and friendship among the Parties ;
Developing common positions on foreign policy issues ;
Coordinating actions to combat international terrorism , separatism , extremism and cross-border crimes ;
Promoting effective regional and bilateral cooperation in all areas of common interest ;
Creating favorable conditions for trade and investment ;
Aiming for comprehensive and balanced economic growth , social and cultural development ;
Expanding interaction in the fields of science , technology , education , health , culture , sports and tourism ;
Encouraging interaction of mass media and other means of communication ;
Strengthening cooperation and integration between member states ;
Promoting exchange of relevant legal information and enhancing legal cooperation .
Structure and operation
Main organs of the Organization of Turkic States include :
Council of Heads of State
Council of Foreign Ministers
Senior Officials Committee
Council of Elders ( Aksakals )
The Secretariat
The main decision-making and governing body of the Organization of Turkic States is the Council of Heads of State , which is presided over by the President whose country holds the chairpersonship . The chairpersonship rotates on an annual basis . All activities of the Organization of Turkic States are coordinated and monitored by its Secretariat , which is located in Istanbul in accordance with the Nakhchivan Agreement . Presidents meet once a year in a previously determined Turkic city . Senior officials , Aksakals , as well as other Ministers and government officials , all meet on a regular basis .
Projects
Since its founding agreement defines comprehensive cooperation among Turkic states as the organization 's main objective and raison d'être , the Organization of Turkic States is working on a variety of projects . The projects are grouped under six cooperation processes , which are : economy , culture , education , transport , customs , and diaspora . Examples of the projects include establishing the Turkic University Union and writing a common history textbook . The Organization of Turkic States also works on ways to boost economic development in underdeveloped regions of Member States . The Secretariat brings together Economy Ministers , Education Ministers , Transport Ministers , Heads of Customs Administrations , and other senior officials from different ministries and agencies in order to work on ways to promote cooperation in relevant spheres . Prior to being brought before ministers and heads of administrations , projects and issues of cooperation are elaborated by working groups . One recently launched project is the establishment of a mechanism for closer cooperation among Turkic diasporas all over the world .
Joint investment fund
In November 2020 , Kyrgyz Minister of Foreign Affairs Ruslan Kazakbaev pointed that Organization of Turkic States members have to strengthen their economic relations , they have to establish a joint investment fund and build its center on Kyrgyzstan on their meeting with Turkish Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu . Baghdad Amreyev visited Minister of Treasury and Finance of Turkey Lütfi Elvan and sides talked about establishment of Joint Investment Fund . In September 2021 , on meeting of Turkic ministers responsible for the economy , sides negotiated about a Turkic Joint Investment Fund feasibility work and agreement to establish the fund .
Affiliated bodies and organizations
The Organization of Turkic States functions as an umbrella organization for all other cooperation mechanisms like :
the Parliamentary Assembly of the Turkic Speaking Countries ( TURKPA ) ( administrative capital , Baku )
the International Organization of Turkic Culture ( TURKSOY ) ( administrative capital , Ankara )
International Turkic Academy ( administrative capital , Nur-Sultan )
Turkic Culture and Heritage Foundation ( administrative capital , Baku )
Center of Nomadic Civilizations ( administrative capital , Bishkek )
Turkic Business Council ( administrative capital , İstanbul )
Flag
The current flag of the Organization of Turkic States was adopted at its 2nd Summit , which took place in Bishkek on 23 August 2012 and officially raised on 12 October 2012 . The flag combines the symbols of the four founding member states : the light blue color of the flag of Kazakhstan which also evokes the traditional Turkic color of turquoise , the sun of the flag of Kyrgyzstan , the star of the flag of Azerbaijan and the crescent of the Turkish flag .
Summits
Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union , the newly independent Turkic States of Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan as well as Turkey organized Summits of the Heads of Turkic Speaking States , the first of which took place in 1992 in Ankara . With the establishment of Turkic Council , at the 10th Summit it was decided to rename the top-level meetings to Turkic Council Summits .
Turkic Council Summit is the highlight of the year whereby Heads of State evaluate outcomes of the past period and set goals for the next year . The First Summit took place in Almaty , Kazakhstan , on 20–21 October 2011 and focused primarily on economic cooperation . The Second Summit was held in Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan , on 22–23 August 2012 and concentrated on educational , scientific , and cultural cooperation . The Third Summit took place on 15–16 August 2013 in Qabala , Azerbaijan with a theme of transport and connectivity .
On 15 October 2019 , the Seventh Turkic Council Summit was organized in Baku with the participation of Presidents of member states Ilham Aliyev , Sooronbai Jeenbekov , Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , Shavkat Mirziyoyev , as well as Purli Agamyradov as a guest , Viktor Orban as an observer and heads of Turkic cooperation institutions . The participants celebrated the 10th anniversary of the Nakhchivan Agreement on the establishment of the Turkic Council in addition to Uzbekistan 's joining the organization as a full-fledged member . The title of Honorary Chairman of the Turkic Council was given to the former President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev . In the conclusion of the Summit , the Heads of States signed Baku Declaration . Besides , the presidency in the Council officially passed to Azerbaijan .
Extraordinary Summit
The Extraordinary Summit of the Turkic Council focused on the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic was conducted through videoconferencing by the initiative of the chairperson of the organization Ilham Aliyev on 10 April 2020 . The conference titled `` Cooperation and solidarity in the fight against the COVID-19 pandemic '' was held with the participation of the Director-General of the World Health Organization , Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus along with the head of states of the member countries . Participants discussed the measures taken at the national level to fight against the coronavirus epidemic , to improve multilateral cooperation in the field of healthcare , and to undertake the common challenges caused by the outbreak of COVID-19 . Exchanging views on the ways of overcoming negative effects of coronavirus on the national and global economies , they touched upon trade relations and continuous transportation and they entrusted the Ministries of Commerce and Transport of the member States with reviewing the process via videoconferencing and with presenting practical solutions for the free flow of goods among Turkic Council states across the Trans-Caspian Corridor . An 18-point list of mutual priorities of all member nations was outlined in the Baku Declaration .
International cooperation
The Organization of Turkic States is an observer at the Economic Cooperation Organization . The Organization has also applied for an observer status at the United Nations and the Organization of Islamic Cooperation . Besides , Organization of Turkic States maintains close cooperative relations with the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and the Conference on Interaction and Confidence-Building Measures in Asia .
Members
Current
Observer states
Possible future observers
In 2020 , Ukrainian Deputy Foreign Minister Emine Ceppar stated Ukraine wanted to be an observer . In 2022 , Northern Cyprus President Ersin Tatar declared their intention for observer status , which is supported by the President of Turkey .
Former applicants
On 3 May 2021 , the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan officially applied for observer status . Note that this was just before the Taliban replaced the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan with its Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan , leaving the status of the application for observer status uncertain .
Events
List of Secretaries-General
List of Chairmen
According to the Nakhchivan Agreement article 8 , the state that hosts the regular summit , will assume the chairpersonship until next meeting .
See also
Azerbaijan – Organization of Turkic States relations
List of Turkic dynasties and countries
List of international organizations based in Istanbul
World Turks Qurultai
References
External links
Text of Nakhchivan Agreement
Turkic Council
The Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway line is a railway line in Switzerland . It runs from Turgi in Switzerland via Koblenz to Waldshut in Germany . The Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut line was the first rail link between Germany and Switzerland . It was opened on 18 August 1859 by the Swiss Northeastern Railway ( , NOB ) . It provides a connection from the Baden–Brugg line in Turgi to the High Rhine Railway in Waldshut .
Two branch lines were later built to Koblenz station : on 1 August 1876 the Winterthur–Bülach–Koblenz railway line opened via Eglisau and Bülach to Winterthur , and on 1 August 1892 the line opened to Stein-Säckingen , connecting to Basel .
History
The story begins two years before the opening of the Swiss Northern Railway . In 1845 a delegation travelled from Zürich to Baden to promote a concession for a railway from Basel to Waldshut . This would allow a connection towards Zürich . The line would cross the Aar river in Döttingen . It was proposed that the line would form an access route to a railway through the Splügen Pass or the Lukmanier Pass . In Zurich , however , a railway through the Gotthard Pass was favoured . Yet in 1847 a project to build a Lukmanier railway was approved , under an agreement `` for the purpose of establishing a Lukmanier Railway Company '' . A bridge at Koblenz was well placed for such a railway . But after 1861 , the NOB also supported the Gotthard project , while the Splügen project was filed away .
The route was just right for the NOB 's planned network , as it allowed for a direct connection with the German rail network . Technically the slope of the Aare valley was ideal for the line and runs through a natural gap in the mountains to the Rhine valley . On 26 August 1857 a treaty was signed in Karlsruhe with a validity of 99 years ( until 1956 , although it was replaced by a new treaty in 1950 ) . The treaty specified a maximum gradient of 1.2 percent and the operation three pairs of trains per day . The deadline for completion was set as 1 May 1860 . This deadline was beaten and the line was opened on 18 August 1859 . The line was single track , but the planning and construction provided for eventual duplication . So the embankments , culverts , tunnels and bridges were designed for two tracks .
The line was electrified during the Second World War because of coal shortages and rising coal prices . Electrical operations commenced between Turgi and Koblenz on 14 October 1944 . The section between Koblenz and Waldshut , however , was electrified in 1999 .
Special features of the Koblenz–Waldshut line
The property boundary between the Swiss Northeastern Railway ( now part of Swiss Federal Railways Infrastructure ) and the Grand Duchy of Baden State Railway ( now part of DB Netze ) was in the middle of the Waldshut–Koblenz Rhine Bridge , which the national border between Switzerland and Baden . The two participating companies each built their half of the bridge . The northern part of the bridge and the northern abutment are owned and are the responsibility of the German company , while the southern part and the southern abutment are owned by the Swiss company . This ownership is unusual , because the property boundaries of railways usually are immediately next to stations or service depots , but not in the middle of a line .
Route
Immediately after Turgi station the line turns in a sharp curve to the north and cross a three span stone bridge over the Limmat . It then runs over an embankment and a cutting . Between Siggenthal-Würenlingen and Döttingen stations it includes a roughly five kilometre long , straight section that is not common in Switzerland . The distance of 6.6 kilometres between the two station is relatively long . On this stretch there are two sidings connecting to ZWILAG ( an interim nuclear waste storage facility ) and the Beznau Nuclear Power Plant . Döttingen station was called Döttingen Klingnau between 1897 and 2002 , when the second half of the name was dropped , with the opening of Klingnau station .
Between Döttigen and Klingau the line runs along the natural terrain . The line 's curve into Koblenz is very sharp and only allows a speed of 40 km/h . The Turgi–Koblenz section has a weight limit of 22.5 tons per axle and 8 tons per metre and thus the line is approved for class D4 traffic . After leaving the station in Koblenz , the line through a deep cutting through the Frittel Hill and climbs a 1.2 % grade to the curved Koblenz Tunnel . The line runs over an embankment and a viaduct through the middle of the town of Koblenz , crossing the Winterthur–Bülach–Koblenz railway line and , about 150 metres later , the main road . The line then runs over one of the oldest railway bridges in Europe , the bridge across the Rhine , the Waldshut–Koblenz Rhine Bridge . The northern embankment continues to Waldshut station . On the line between Koblenz and Waldshut the load limit is reduced for the Rhine Bridge to a load limit of 18 tons per axle and 5 tons per metre , corresponding to class B1 traffic .
Engineering structures
The route has three major engineering structures :
The 78 metre-long three span stone bridge over the Limmat .
The 181 metre-long tunnel in Koblenz .
The 190 metre-long bridge over the Rhine , which has , on the Swiss side , a 60-metre brick approach , while the Rhine is crossed on a 130-metre-long steel truss , resting on two intermediate piers . The main part of the bridge dates back to its opening in 1859 and has only been reinforced since .
Stations
The original three intermediate stations at Siggenthal , Döttingen and Koblenz have identical station building , which in turn are identical with the building on the Brugg–Aarau railway , built the same year .
Turgi station until its conversion between 1994 and 97 was a `` wedge '' station ( Keilbahnhof ) .
Siggenthal-Würenlingen station was added in 1912 to serve the Siggenthal cement works , now part of Holcim and has a large volume of freight traffic .
Döttingen station was called Döttingen Klingnau station from 1897 to 2002 . Klingnau station opened on 12 December 2002 with a 220-metre-long platform .
Koblenz station was built in a convenient location to the south of the actual village of Koblenz and has been a rail junction since the opening of the lines to Bülach and Winterthur and Stein-Säckingen . The NOB established a small locomotive depot at the station . Because of the unfavourable position of Koblenz station for the people Koblenz train , Koblenz Dorf station was established on the line to Winterthur in 1997 . This stop is located close to the Rhine Bridge . Passenger traffic on the line to Stein-Säckingen has been transferred to road between Laufenburg and Koblenz .
Waldshut station was a border station and used to have customs controls . As a result , it had to be extended several times . Since Switzerland became part of the Schengen Area in 2008 , checks on people have disappeared and the declaration of goods for customs is no longer carried out there . Waldshut station has also long had a locomotive depot .
Traffic
The transit of freight over the Rhine Bridge was discontinued in 1991 . Local freight traffic on the Rhine bridge was closed in 2001 .
Schedule today ( since 2008 )
The Baden–Koblenz–Waldshut route has timetable number 701 .
Trains run on the route every half hour . There is an hourly pair of trains between Baden and Zurzach and another pair between Baden and Waldshut ( both running as line S27 of the Aargau S-Bahn ) . There is also a pair of trains on the Waldshut–Bülach–Winterthur route ( line S36 of the Zurich S-Bahn , formerly S41 ) , which reverses in Koblenz . All services run through Koblenz at the same time , so there is always a narrow period for transferring between trains .
In addition to passenger services on this line there are also freight trains serving the cement plant in Siggenthal ( two trains a day for raw materials and three trains to export cement products ) . Also another freight service operates from Limmattal marshalling yard to Rekingen over the line . There are operations to freight sidings at Siggenthal-Würenlingen station and the other stations .
References
Footnotes
Sources
Railway lines in Switzerland
Railway lines in Baden-Württemberg
Cross-border railway lines in Germany
Cross-border railway lines in Switzerland
Buildings and structures in Waldshut ( district )
Salomon Eduard Gubler ( 7 July 1845 – 6 November 1921 ) was a Swiss mathematician . With Johann Heinrich Graf they published Einleitung in Die Theorie Der Bessel'schen Funktionen ( A Treatise on the Theory of Bessel Functions ) in two volumes ( 1898–1900 ) . They were the author of very appreciated textbooks on mathematics and numerous reports about the methodology and organization on mathematics teaching , and they were a member of the Swiss commission for the teaching of mathematics and founder of the Swiss association of teachers of mathematics . Their main research interest was the Bessel functions .
Life and work
Gubler graduated from in the university of Bern in 1870 as Ludwig Schläfli 's student . There are no records in the university about their doctoral thesis published in 1894 . They spent their academic career in secondary schools , but it seems that they also taught in the University of Zurich . They retired in 1914 .
References
Bibliography
External links
1845 births
1921 deaths
19th-century Swiss mathematicians
20th-century Swiss mathematicians
The Mynabirds are an American indie pop band founded by singer-songwriter and pianist Laura Burhenn , who was previously one half of the Washington , D.C. indie duo Georgie James . Burhenn formed The Mynabirds in 2009 , and shortly after signed to Saddle Creek Records and relocated to Omaha , Nebraska . The sound has been described by Pitchfork as `` ... openhearted , politically engaged , feminist pop that , miraculously , never veers into schmaltz . ''
History
Laura Burhenn Early years ( 1994–2008 )
After years of classical piano and stints singing and playing keyboards in rock bands and electronica projects in Washington , D.C. , Burhenn founded their own record label , Laboratory Records , and began releasing solo work . Burhenn 's first solo record `` Not Ashamed to Say '' was released in 1999 and is a collection of thirteen songs written from 1994 to 1998 . After releasing a split 7 '' in 2003 , Burhenn released the full length `` Wanderlust '' in 2004 . In 2005 , Burhenn teamed up with John Davis , drummer of defunct DC trio Q and Not U , to form Georgie James . Laura first worked with Saddle Creek in 2007 on Georgie James ' debut LP `` Places . '' The duo parted ways in late 2008 .
What We Lose in the Fire We Gain in the Flood ( 2010 )
Burhenn went into the studio with Richard Swift in the summer of 2009 and recorded what would become the debut album from The Mynabirds . The band signed with Saddle Creek in January 2010 and released What We Lose in the Fire We Gain in the Flood to critical acclaim in April 2010 . Anthony Lombardi described the record in PopMatters as `` ... a soul-purging , powerful statement of survival and self-assertion that stands head and shoulders above the current crop of navel-gazers populating today 's underground music scene . '' The Mynabirds supported their debut LP with more than a year of touring with Bright Eyes , David Bazan and Crooked Fingers . Burhenn also toured at this time as a member of Bright Eyes .
Generals ( 2012 )
At the end of 2011 , Burhenn headed back into the studio with Swift to begin work on The Mynabirds ' second album Generals . Saddle Creek released the title-track single in February 2012 as a free download . The album was released on June 5 , and was met with near universal critical acclaim , with Gianna Stefanelli of CMJ describing the work as `` ... a serious and intellectual pop album . ''
Laura Burhenn tour with The Postal Service ( 2013 )
In 2013 , Burhenn was a touring member of The Postal Service 's reunion tour . They provided back-up vocals along with Jenny Lewis .
Lovers Know ( 2015 )
In May 2015 , it was announced on The Mynabirds ' official website that Lovers Know was released on August 7 , 2015 via Saddle Creek . Lovers Know took a year to make , as Burhenn drove across the US twice and toured South Africa solo while writing . Burhenn then spent 8 months in studios in Los Angeles , Nashville , Joshua Tree and Auckland , New Zealand with producer Bradley Hanan Carter ( of Black English ) .
The first single , `` Semantics '' , debuted on NPR 's All Songs Considered on May 12 , 2015 .
Be Here Now ( 2017 )
In the summer of 2017 , Burhenn released a series of EPs that culminated in the release of the album `` Be Here Now '' . This album was the product of two weeks of writing and recording with singer-songwriter , multi-instrumentalist , and record producer Patrick Damphier in Nashville , TN after the presidential inauguration and the Women 's March .
Members
Laura Burhenn – vocals , keyboards , piano
Past members
Tom Hnatow – guitar
Tyler Odom – guitar
Patrick Damphier – bass , percussion , vocals
Nicole Childrey – drums , vocals
Rebecca Marie Miller – percussion , vocals
Discography
References
External links
The Mynabirds at Saddle Creek Records
The Mynabirds : Tiny Desk Concert on NPR Music
Indie rock musical groups from Nebraska
Musical groups from Omaha , Nebraska
Saddle Creek Records artists
Musical groups established in 2009
Traian is a commune in Bacău County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of five villages : Bogdănești , Hertioana de Jos , Hertioana-Răzeși , Traian and Zăpodia . It also included Prăjești village until 2005 , when it was split off to form a separate commune .
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Guli may refer to :
Places
Guli , Bangladesh , a village
Guli , West Azerbaijan , a village
Guli Surkh , a town in north-western Tajikistan
Guli , Guangxi , a town in south-eastern China , birthplace of Dong Xi ( writer )
Qaleh Rashid Aqa , a village in western Iran also known as Guli
Other uses
Mina Guli , Australian business persons
Pitu Guli ( 1865–1903 ) , revolutionary from Ottoman Macedonia
FK Pitu Guli , a football club based in Kruševo , Macedonia
Guli , is a toy as known as `` marble `` in Indonesia , Singapore and Malaysia .
See also
Gu Li ( disambiguation )
Lucius Aemilius Carus ( fl . 2nd century AD ) was a Roman military officer and senator who served as consul suffectus for one of the nundinia in the first half of AD 144 , with Quintus Egrilius Plarianus as their colleague . Their life is known primarily through inscriptions .
Biography
The son of Lucius and a member of the Roman tribe Camilia , Carus ' career began with their appointment to the decemviri stlitibus judicandis , one of the four boards of the vigintiviri ; membership in one of these four boards was a preliminary and required first step toward gaining entry into the Roman Senate . This was followed by serving as a military tribune , firstly of the Legio VIII Augusta , at the time stationed at Argentoratum ( Strasbourg ) , then of the Legio IX Hispana , sometime after AD 122 . Returning to Rome , Carus began their climb up the series of Republican magistracies : first appointed quaestor to the Emperor , then Plebeian Tribune before achieving the Praetorship .
Returning to the military sphere , Carus was granted the rank of Legatus legionis , commanding the Legio XXX Ulpia Victrix . Anthony Birley notes this was unusual assignment , for Legio XXX and Legio IX were both stationed in the same province , Germania Inferior , and men were rarely assigned command of a legion in the same army as they had held a tribunate ; Birley could only list 14 men with that distinction . They returned to civilian life , serving as curator of the Via Flaminia . Their next assignment was as Legatus Augusti pro praetore ( or governor ) of the Roman province of Arabia Petraea from AD 142 to 143 . In 144 , they were appointed suffect consul , and this was followed up with an appointment as imperial censitor of Gallia Lugdunensis . Finally , Carus was made Legatus Augusti pro praetore , or governor , of Cappadocia .
Carus was a member of the Quindecimviri sacris faciundis , the collegium of Roman priests entrusted with the care of the Sibylline oracles , and the sodales Flaviales , a less prominent collegium .
Family
Carus ' son , also named Lucius Aemilius Carus , was Legatus Augusti pro praetore of the province of Tres Daciae in AD 174/175 , and suffect consul at some point between 170 and 175 .
Sources
Campbell , Brian . The Roman Army , 31 BC - AD 337 : A Sourcebook , Routledge ( 2006 )
Klebs , Elimarus . Prosopographia Imperii Romani , Saec . I , II , III , Pars I ( 1897 )
References
2nd-century Romans
2nd-century Roman governors of Arabia Petraea
Suffect consuls of Imperial Rome
Roman governors of Arabia Petraea
Roman governors of Cappadocia
Roman governors of Dacia
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Aemilii
Mileh ( , also Romanized as Mīleh ) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census its population was 589 , in 231 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Methacrolein diacetate is a chemical compound with the molecular formula C8H12O4 and a molecular weight of 172.17848 . It is a colorless liquid . It is listed as an extremely hazardous substance by the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act , and the National Institute of Health identifies it as `` an irritant of the eyes , skin , and respiratory tract . ''
Production
According to the National Center for Biotechnology Information , `` the common esters & diesters of the common polyols are prepared commercially by esterifying the particular polyol with the acid , acid anhydride , or acid chloride of choice in presence of a catalyst . Mono- or diesters result , depending upon the proportions of each reactant employed . ''
Toxicity
Methacrolein diacetate is extremely toxic , capable of causing severe eye injuries , burns on the skin , and hazards when inhaled . According to the NCBI , `` Rabbit eye studies showed the material to cause severe irritation & corneal injury , being rated 9 on a scale of 10 . It is markedly irritating to the skin & can cause a burn , but greater hazard is that of skin absorption ... It is hazardous from inhalation also . All rats exposed for 1 hr to essentially saturated vapors died , & five of six rats exposed to 63.5 ppm for 4 hr died . ''
References
Acetate esters
The white-bellied whistler ( Pachycephala leucogastra ) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae .
The species has an oddly discontinuous distribution , occurring in two small patches of northern New Guinea , one small patch in south eastern New Guinea and on Rossel Island in the Louisiade Archipelago ( off the tip of eastern New Guinea ) . The species uses a variety of habitats , including wet eucalyptus forests , mangrove forests , savanna , and modified habitats like rubber plantations .
Taxonomy and systematics
The name 'white-bellied whistler ' is also used as an alternate name for the mangrove whistler , white-vented whistler , rufous whistler and the white-breasted whistler .
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized :
P. l. leucogastra – Salvadori & D'Albertis , 1875 : Found in southeastern New Guinea
P. l. meeki – Hartert , 1898 : Originally described as a separate species . Found on Rossel Island ( Louisiade Archipelago )
References
white-bellied whistler
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
Birds of New Guinea
white-bellied whistler
Taxa named by Luigi D'Albertis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Siberian Express is an album by American jazz group David Becker Tribune , released in 1988 .
Background
Siberian Express reached No . 3 on the R & R charts .
Track listing
All writing by David Becker except where indicated
`` Anja ''
`` Hilversum ''
`` Siberian Express ''
`` Central Park West '' ( John Coltrane )
`` Red Mogambo ''
`` Dance of the Candy Cats ''
`` Taps ''
`` Waiting for Chet ''
`` Land of Floren ''
`` Reflections ''
Personnel
David Becker – acoustic and electric guitars , synthesizer
Jim Donica – double bass , bass guitar
Bruce Becker – drums , percussion
Guests
Jimmy Johnson – bass
Vinnie Colaiuta – drums
Brian Kilgore – percussion
References
1988 albums
Covington High School is a public high school in Covington , Louisiana , United States . It is one of the Saint Tammany Parish Public Schools .
The school serves residents of Covington , Folsom , Sun , and some unincorporated areas in western St. Tammany Parish , including Bush and Lee Road .
2021 incident
Covington High School received attention in 2021 after a student attacked a teacher unprovoked while a friend recorded the incident via cell phone video , allegedly as part of a TikTok challenge to slap a teacher . The teacher was 64 years old and disabled .
Notable alumni
Vincent Alexander , former NFL player
Curt Baham , former NFL player
Jerry Davis , former NFL player
Dave Fortman , music producer , guitarist for the band Ugly Kid Joe
Clay Higgins , law enforcement officer , member of the United States House of Representatives for Louisiana 's 3rd congressional district
Tramain Jacobs , New York Giants NFL player
Otha Peters , former NFL player
Blake Stein , former MLB player ( Oakland Athletics , Kansas City Royals )
Lauren Turner , singer/songwriter , American Idol season 10 contestant
Mike Williams , former NFL player
References
External links
School website
Saint Tammany Parish School Board
Covington High Class of 1986 reunion forums
Public high schools in Louisiana
Schools in St. Tammany Parish , Louisiana
Educational institutions established in 1913
1913 establishments in Louisiana
Robert Dunn ( born January 7 , 1973 ) is an American handball player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Handball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
is a Japanese anime series animated by TNK and Shaft . The `` G '' in `` G-On '' stands for `` Glasses '' . Every female character in the series ( including in one brief shot the Statue of Liberty ) wears glasses , hence the title . The character designs are intended to both parody and glorify the meganekko fetish among many anime fans . Other fetishes the anime uses include maids , seifuku , nurses , lolitas , and nuns .
Plot
In the near future , most of the Earth has been conquered by aliens . However , a small region in Japan has successfully repelled them thanks to the development of `` G-On '' technology by the Grand Rifurekuto Amudo/Grand Reflect Armed ( GRA ) . This technology involves a band of girls ( at first two , then three ) who channel energy through special glasses . In this way they are able to destroy the giant mechanized monsters , `` Fancy Beasts '' , sent by the aliens .
Music
Opening Theme : `` トキメイテ、G-on G ! '' ( Tokimeite , G-on G ! ) by Shima Ryouka , Omi Minami , and Kurata Masayo
Ending Theme : `` ミラクル☆パジャマ '' ( Miracle Pajama ) by Lolivaders Z
Characters
The GRA
Yuuki Kurama ( Voiced by : Ryoka Shima ) : The main hero and the only girl who does n't wear glasses at the very start . They possess abnormal strength and is the last of the G-On Riders to join . In the first episode , they lose their panties ( which have strawberries on them ) in a monster attack and they fall into the hands of Ichiro , who struggles to return them to them Eventually they do return them . However , Yuuki losing their panties is a running gag in the series . They also on occasion loses all their clothing , such as during the final battle .
Ichiro Hongo ( Voiced by : Nobuyuki Hiyama ) : The male lead of the story . They are deeply infatuated with Yuuki and much of the series has them trying to confess to them During the first several episodes , they come into possession a pair of Yuuki 's panties , which they spend time trying to return . Whenever they picture Yuuki not wearing their panties or sees them naked , they have a tendency to get a nose bleed . When they finally confess their love to Yuuki , they tell them they love him ... and everybody else . Yayoi , Sera , and Zero all harbor romantic feelings for him . When they were younger , they were accidentally hit by a falling spaceship and given a cyborg body . This allows them to transform into the warrior Cosmo Banchou , a parody of Tuxedo Kamen from Sailor Moon . The transformation is triggered whenever they experience moments of intense sexual desire . By the end of the OVA , it appears they become engaged to Zero because of a galactic rule which may or maynot be true .
Sera Arashiyama ( Voiced by : Omi Minami ) : A warrior but is also a nun . They have the second largest breasts in the series , second only to Nurse Sanada . They fall in love with Ichiro after they find out they can become Cosmo Banchou ( which was almost right away ) and tries to seduce them on multiple occasions with no success .
Yayoi Hoshikawa ( Voiced by : Masayo Kurata ) : An apparent Shinto priestess . They have an extreme shyness towards males and can not have them come within a certain distance , otherwise she 'll forcefully fling them into the air . The only man able to come closer than the usual distance is Ichiro , who they are fond of . However , even they are thrown a dozen or so times even when they themselves is trying to get closer to him . She 's the only one of the Riders to need their glasses for eyesight reasons . Like Sera , they eventually fail in their attempts to seduce Ichiro .
Nurse Mio Sanada ( Voiced by : Aya Hisakawa ) : The school nurse and inventor of the G-On technology wielded by Yuuki , Sera , and Yayoi . They have the largest breasts of the entire female cast . Them true identity is that of Mako 's younger sister ( her real name is simply Sana ) . At some point in the past , they fell through a time warp and was aged several million years , causing them to go from the body of a 10-year-old into a 20-something . They built Zero and created both the Maiden and Man Circuits . When they first came to Earth , their spaceship hit Ichiro and they transformed them into a cyborg , implanting the Man Circuit within him .
The Aliens
Zero ( Voiced by : Yukari Tamura ) : An android maid who serves Pao , Ai , and Mako . They follow the code of `` Intergalactic Maid Law '' , which has rules such as allowing maids one day off a year . They are the strongest fighter the aliens have and battles Ichigo several times . They eventually switch sides to the GRA after falling in love with Cosmic Banchou . They were built by Sanada and has a `` Maiden Chip '' within them that reacts to Ichiro 's presence . While an android , the Maiden Chip allows them to feel love and they actively pursue Ichiro 's attention several times . According to the OVA , they are successful , as Sanada gives their permission to marry Ichiro after they become ( unknowingly ) engaged to them by accepting the gift of a rose .
Ai ( Voiced by : Takako Uemura ) : A green haired alien who is the first to realize that humans are good and that Earth is a nice place to live . They eventually quit trying to attack earth and befriends Yayoi .
Pao ( Voiced by : Miki Machii ) : A catgirl alien who leads most of the `` Fancy Beast '' attacks on Earth . When they finally decide to quit attacking , they become Sela 's maid . Sela treats them harshly , making them clean their room and other laborious tasks . They are several times pursued by random otaku who find a loli catgirl maids to be irresistible . They are also addicted to video games , with Sela uses to control them
Mako ( Voiced by : Kaori Mizuhashi ) : Nurse Sanada 's older sister , even though Mako is physically younger due to Sanada having fallen into a time warp . They communicate with Riro through a pair of bobbly antennas on their head , which Riro later uses to mentally control them Yuuki saves them from this mind control with the help of Sanada , Pao , Ai , and Zero . They are the leader of the aliens and also pilots the alien 's pink UFO .
Riro ( Voiced by : Rie Kugimiya ) : The alien behind the attacks on Earth . They are physically the youngest of all the aliens . Over a hundred thousand years ago , Riro came to Earth and gave them glasses to a young primitive girl . These glasses were the catalyst that lead to the formation of human civilization . Riro 's glasses eventually ended up in the possession of Yuuki . Without their glasses , Riro 's heart became cold and they lost all emotions save for the desire to destroy . They are redeemed once Yuuki returns their glasses . Riro and Yuuki form a close bond by the end of the series .
Episodes
Each episode is called a `` Glass '' , to reinforce the meganekko theme . Episode 14 is the OVA , which went unaired due to more explicit content than the other episodes , including nudity and adult situations .
Notes
External links
G-On Riders on AllCinema
2002 anime television series debuts
2003 anime OVAs
Anime with original screenplays
Dengeki Comics
Shaft ( company )
TNK ( company )
Wowow original programming
Velan Studios is an American video game developer based in Troy , New York . Founded in 2016 by Guha Bala and Karthik Bala , the studio is most known for developing Mario Kart Live : Home Circuit ( 2020 ) and Knockout City ( 2021 ) .
History
Velan Studios was founded in November 2016 by Guha Bala and Karthik Bala . The Bala brothers previously founded Vicarious Visions in 1991 and left the company in April 2016 . According to the founders , the studio aimed to develop `` breakthrough experimental games '' , and the term `` velan '' stands for `` spear bearer '' in Tamil . In July 2017 , the team successful raised $ 7 million in venture capital for their first project . The studio 's first game was Mario Kart Live : Home Circuit . The team completed the game 's first prototype in 2017 and Nintendo greenlit the project after meeting the team in their headquarters in Kyoto . Home Circuit utilizes physical radio-controlled cars responding to how the player plays in-game , and Velan Studios was responsible for developing the software , while Nintendo focused on creating the hardware . The game received generally positive reviews when it was released in October 2020 .
In March 2019 , Electronic Arts announced that it had partnered with Velan Studios to release a `` team-based action '' game . The game was published under the EA Originals program , EA 's initiative to support independent games . The program allowed the studio to retain full creative control while receiving most of the game 's profit after development cost was recouped . The game , titled Knockout City , was released in May 2021 . The game attracted 2 million players within its first week of release .
Games
References
External links
2016 establishments in New York ( state )
Video game companies established in 2016
Video game companies of the United States
Video game development companies
Indie video game developers
Mount Davidson may refer to :
Mount Davidson ( Alberta )
Mount Davidson ( Antarctica )
Mount Davidson ( British Columbia )
Mount Davidson ( California ) , the highest point of San Francisco .
Mount Davidson ( Nevada )
Four Forks is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Holothuria pervicax is a species of sea cucumber in the genus Holothuria . It is commonly called the stubborn sea cucumber due to its inability to be kept alive in captivity . It is commonly found buried beneath rocks on reefs in warm waters .
Description
Holothuria perviax is a gray or brown sea cucumber with red-brown papillae and white tube feet for locomotion . Its body is elongated with an oral-aboral orientation and can grow up to 30 centimeters . It has a soft epidermis and a somewhat bumpy body . Its mouth is surrounded by thin branched tentacles with poorly formed spricules found around the body . Distinctions between H. perviax and sister species fusconierea are hard to find but the main differences are spicule size and slight coloration differences .
This species is very high maintenance and requires a specific lifestyle in order to survive . Aquariums have had a very hard time keeping these animals happy and have yet to keep one alive in captivity which has earned this species the name `` stubborn sea cucumber '' .
Distribution
Commonly found in the Maldives , Australia , Cebu ( Philippines ) , Cook Islands , Comoros , French Polynesia , Guam , Hawaii , Indo Pacific , Indonesia , Johnston Atoll , Kenya , Marshall Islands , New Caledonia , Papua New Guinea , Reunion , Somalia , Sulu Sea , Tansania , The cocos Islands , The Seychelles , Western Indian Ocean , Western Pacific Ocean . Its preferred habitat is under rocks in reefs found in warmer waters ranging from 24°C to 28.7°C .
Reproduction
Sexes are separate in these cucumbers with individuals having one gonad . Fertilization and spawning happen externally . Their planktonic larvae ( auricularia ) morph with age into barrel shaped larvae and then finally into juvenile sea cucumbers .
Diet
Sea cucumbers are effective suspension and deposit feeders typically becoming active feeding at night . They have conveyor belt feeding methods where they ingest the substrate 's surface and defecate on it .
Ecology
Holothuria perviax has many defense mechanisms to fight against being preyed upon . It is able to expel its guts as well as large amounts of Cuvierian tubules when disturbed . These cucumbers can release a toxin called holothurian that has the ability to kill fish , small worms , and mollusks . It can be released through the anus or the front of the body causing rupture of the tentacles , pharynx , and part of the intestine that can be regenerated over time . Expulsion through the anus is used to entangle prey but the tubule is destroyed in the process and takes weeks to regenerate . The toxin may be expelled after the cucumber dies , if it gets damaged , or if an animal is picking at it . Change in temperature or salinity will cause release of the toxin and it only takes about 5 mins to kill a fish , which explains why this species is so hard to keep in captivity .
Research has found that this cucumber secretes a biologically active glycosphingolipid HPG-7 that is a major component of cell membranes . Glycosophingolipids function as antigens , mediators of cell adhesion , and aid signal transduction . Sea cucumbers have high commercial value due to their production of nutrients such as vitamins A , B1 , B2 , and B3 , and minerals such as calcium , magnesium , iron and zinc . Many of these nutrients can be used in pharmaceutical medicines such as anti-angiogenic , anticancer , anticoagulant , anti-hypertension , anti-inflammatory , antimicrobial , antioxidant , antithrombotic , antitumor and wound healing .
Photos
References
Holothuriidae
Chega may refer to :
Chega , Iran , a village
Chega ( political party ) , a political party in Portugal
Chega ! , a report by the Commission for Reception , Truth and Reconciliation in East Timor
`` Chega '' , a 2020 song by Gaia Gozzi
Cleo Allen Noel Jr. ( August 6 , 1918 – March 2 , 1973 ) was a United States ambassador to Sudan who was murdered by the Black September Palestinian terrorist organization in the 1973 attack on the Saudi embassy in Khartoum .
Early life
Born in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , Noel spent their formative years in Moberly , Missouri . They attended Moberly Junior College and then University of Missouri , receiving a B.A . in History in 1939 and a M.A . in the same subject in 1940 .
Career
Noel worked briefly as an educator , teaching American history at the University of Missouri before joining the United States Navy in June 1941 . During World War II they served as a gunnery officer providing security aboard merchant vessels throughout the Pacific Ocean and Persian Gulf ; in fall 1945 Noel discharged from the navy at the rank of lieutenant commander .
U.S. Foreign Service career
After the war , while studying for their PhD at Harvard , Noel passed the United States Foreign Service exam and was hired by the Department of State . In 1951 they married fellow Foreign Service worker Lucille McHenry . Throughout the 1950s and 1960s Noel served with U.S. consulates in Italy , Saudi Arabia , France , Lebanon and Sudan . Noel was particularly fascinated with the Middle East and regularly toured the region , learning the Arabic language .
Ambassadorship to Sudan and death
On December 23 , 1972 , Noel was appointed U.S . Ambassador to Sudan when Sudan and the U.S. reestablished diplomatic relations severed as the result of the 1967 Arab-Israeli War . The outgoing Charge d'Affairs , George Curtis Moore , was asked to stay on as Deputy Chief of Mission until the new Deputy arrived in March .
On the evening of March 1 , 1973 , militants from the Black September faction of PLO stormed the Saudi Embassy in Khartoum , where a farewell ceremony for Moore had just concluded . Noel was wounded during the taking , they and Moore were among the ten diplomats taken hostage by the militants . The next day , March 2 , the hostage takers shot Noel to death . Also murdered were their deputy , Moore ; and Belgian diplomat Guy Eid .
After a joint funeral on March 7 at the National Presbyterian Church in Washington D.C. , Cleo Noel Jr. and Curtis Moore were buried with military honors at Arlington National Cemetery .
See also
Ambassadors of the United States killed in office
References
Korn , David A. , Assassination in Khartoum , Indiana University Press , 1993
External links
U.S. Department of State , Office of the Historian
U.S. Department of State , Declassified Memorandum
1918 births
1973 deaths
1973 murders in Africa
20th-century American naval officers
Ambassadors of the United States to Sudan
American terrorism victims
American people murdered abroad
Kidnapped diplomats
Assassinated American diplomats
University of Missouri alumni
Harvard University alumni
University of Missouri faculty
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Kidnapped American people
Terrorism deaths in Sudan
People murdered in Sudan
Deaths by firearm in Sudan
Victims of the Black September Organization
People from Oklahoma City
People from Moberly , Missouri
United States Navy personnel of World War II
United States Foreign Service personnel
In Greek mythology , Amyntor ( Ancient Greek : Ἀμύντωρ , translit . Amýntor , lit . 'defender ' ) was the son of Ormenus , and a king of Eleon or Ormenium . Amyntor 's son Phoenix , on their mother 's urgings , had sex with their father 's concubine , Clytia or Phthia . Amyntor , discovering this , called upon the Erinyes to curse them with childlessness . In a later version of the story , Phoenix was falsely accused by Amyntor 's mistress and was blinded by their father , but Chiron restored their sight .
Amyntor was also the father of a son Crantor , and a daughter Astydamia . When Amyntor lost a war with Achilles ' father Peleus , king of Phthia , Amyntor gave Crantor to Peleus as a pledge of peace . Strabo reports a genealogy for Amyntor which made them the grandson of Cercaphus , the son of Aeolus , and the brother of Euaemon , the father of Eurypylus .
When Amyntor refused Heracles permission to pass through their kingdom , Heracles killed Amyntor and fathered a son Ctesippus , by Astydamia . During the Trojan War , Odysseus received a helmet that had originally belonged to Amyntor .
Mythology
According to the Iliad , Amyntor , the son of Ormenus , was a king in Hellas , and the father of Phoenix , who became a tutor of Achilles , whom they accompanied to the Trojan War . In a speech , addressed to Achilles , Phoenix tells of the conflict between themselves and their father . When Amyntor forsook their wife , Phoenix 's mother , for a concubine , at the urging of their jealous mother , Phoenix had sex with Amyntor 's concubine . To punish this crime Amyntor called upon the Erinyes to curse Phoenix with childlessness . Outraged Phoenix intended to kill Amyntor , but was finally dissuaded . Instead they 're fleeing through Hellas , Phoenix went to Peleus in Phthia , where they became king of the Dolopians . Also according to the Iliad , the thief Autolycus broke into Amyntor 's house in Eleon and stole a helmet , which Meriones gave to Odysseus during the Trojan War .
The mythographer Apollodorus gives a different version of Phoenix 's story , probably drawn from a lost play by the tragedian Euripides . In this account Phoenix was falsely accused of having sex with Amyntor 's concubine Phthia , and was blinded by Amyntor . Peleus brought Phoenix to the centaur Chiron who restored their sight , after which Peleus made them king of the Dolopians . According to Apollodorus , Amyntor was a king of Ormenium , and one day when Heracles wished to pass through their land , Amyntor took up arms and opposed him , and was killed by Heracles , who then fathered a son Ctesippus , by Amyntor 's daughter Astydamia .
Brief references to Amyntor are found in the poems of the third-century BC poets Callimachus and Lycophron . Callimachus , mentions the sons of Ormenus inviting Erysichthon to games associated with the cult of Athena at Itone in Thessaly , while Lycophron refers to Amyntor blinding Phoenix .
According to Ovid , in their Metamorphoses , Amyntor had a son Crantor , whom they gave to Peleus when they sued for peace , and who died fighting alongside Peleus in the Centauromachy , the battle between the Lapiths and the Centaurs at the wedding feast of Pirithous .
Strabo reports that , according to the Greek grammarian Demetrius of Scepsis , Amyntor 's father Ormenus was the eponymous founder of the city of Ormenium ( which Strabo identifies with a village called Orminium which they located at the foot of Mount Pelion , near the Pegasitic Gulf ) . According to this account Ormenus was the son of Cercaphus , the son of Aeolus , and Ormenus had two sons Amnytor and Euaemon , and that Amyntor had a son Phoenix , and Eumaemon had a son Eurypylus who succeeded to the throne , because Phoenix had fled to Peleus in Phthia .
Scholia name Phoenix 's mother either Cleobule or Hippodameia , and the concubine as either Clytia or Phthia .
Notes
References
Apollodorus , Apollodorus , The Library , with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer , F.B.A. , F.R.S . in 2 Volumes . Cambridge , Massachusetts , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann Ltd. 1921 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library .
Callimachus , Callimachus and Lycophron with an English translation by A. W. Mair ; Aratus , with an English translation by G. R. Mair , London : W. Heinemann , New York : G. P. Putnam 1921 . Internet Archive .
Diodorus Siculus , Diodorus Siculus : The Library of History . Translated by C. H. Oldfather . Twelve volumes . Loeb Classical Library . Cambridge , Massachusetts : Harvard University Press ; London : William Heinemann , Ltd. 1989 . Online version by Bill Thayer
Gantz , Timothy , Early Greek Myth : A Guide to Literary and Artistic Sources , Johns Hopkins University Press , 1996 , Two volumes : ( Vol . 1 ) , ( Vol . 2 ) .
Homer , The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray , Ph.D. in two volumes . Cambridge , Massachusetts , Harvard University Press ; London , William Heinemann , Ltd. 1924 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library .
Leaf , Walter , The Iliad : Editied , with Apparatus Criticus , Prolegomena , Notes , and Appendices , Walter Leaf , Vol . I , Books 1-12 , Second edition , Macmillan and Company , limited , 1900 . Internet Archive
Lycophron , Alexandra ( or Cassandra ) in Callimachus and Lycophron with an English translation by A. W. Mair ; Aratus , with an English translation by G. R. Mair , London : W. Heinemann , New York : G. P. Putnam 1921 . Internet Archive .
Ovid , Metamorphoses , Brookes More . Boston . Cornhill Publishing Co. 1922 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library .
Pindar , Odes , Diane Arnson Svarlien . 1990 . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library .
Smith , William ; Dictionary of Greek and Roman Biography and Mythology , London ( 1873 ) . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Strabo , Geography , translated by Horace Leonard Jones ; Cambridge , Massachusetts : Harvard University Press ; London : William Heinemann , Ltd. ( 1924 ) . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library , Books 6–14
Tripp , Edward , Crowell 's Handbook of Classical Mythology , Thomas Y. Crowell Co ; First edition ( June 1970 ) . .
Tzetzes , John , Allegories of the Iliad translated by Goldwyn , Adam J. and Kokkini , Dimitra . Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library , Harvard University Press , 2015 .
Kings in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Eduardo Alonso González is a Spanish writer . They were born in Murias de Aller in 1944 . They graduated from the University of Oviedo , and has lived in Valencia for decades , where they teach language and literature . They are a regular contributor to newspapers like La Nueva España and Levante . They have published more than a dozen novels and has won several literary awards , among them the 1980 Villa de Bilbao Prize for El mar inmovil , the 1986 Azorín Award for El insomnio de una noche de invierno and the 1996 Gabriel Miró short story award for Los Estorninos .
References
1944 births
Living people
Spanish male writers
University of Oviedo alumni
Meerza Delawar Hosaen Ahmed was the first Muslim graduate from the University of Kolkata . They are believed to the first Muslim graduate in India . They served as a civil servant and was awarded the title of Khan Bahadur . They were known for their progressive outlook and support for intellectual and cultural awakening of Bengali Muslims .
Early life
Ahmed was born in 1840 in Baubnam in Pargana Arshah , Hooghly district , Bengal Presidency , British India . They graduated from the University of Kolkata , the first Muslim graduate of the college .
Career
Ahmed joined the Indian Civil Service . They retired from the service with the rank of Deputy Magistrate in 1894 . They were loyal to the British crown and was an advocate of British rule in India . They were given by the title of Khan Bahadur after retiring .
After retiring , Ahmed wrote in The Moslem Chronicle , a progressive English Language weekly . They also wrote for The Mussalman . They wrote in the English language and avoided writing in their native Bengali . They published Essays on Mohmmedan Social Reform , a two volume book , by Thacker Spink and Co from Calcutta in 1889 .
Death
Ahmed died in 1913 .
References
1840 deaths
1913 deaths
People from Hooghly district
University of Calcutta alumni
The 1964 Westminster Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Westminster City Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained control of the council .
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough . Previously elections had taken place in the Metropolitan Borough of Paddington , Metropolitan Borough of St Marylebone and Metropolitan Borough of Westminster . These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Westminster by the London Government Act 1963 .
A total of 155 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 31 wards . These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties , while the Liberals stood 31 candidates . Other candidates included 4 from the Communist party . There were 20 single-seat wards , 6 three-seat wards , 4 five-seat wards and 1 two-seat ward .
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors . The Conservatives got 7 aldermen and Labour 3 .
The Council was elected in 1964 as a `` shadow authority '' but did not start operations until 1 April 1965 .
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives gain the new council with a majority of 22 after winning 41 of the 60 seats . Overall turnout in the election was 28.0 % . This turnout included 1,343 postal votes .
Ward results
References
Election , 1964
1964 London Borough council elections
May 1964 events in the United Kingdom
Cinema were an English short-lived progressive rock band started in January 1982 by former Yes members Alan White and Chris Squire , with guitarist Trevor Rabin . The previous year , Squire and White had formed the abortive band XYZ with former Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page . Cinema had plans to release their debut album in 1983 , and were working on a number of songs , most of which had been written by Rabin .
Later , these musicians were joined by keyboardist Tony Kaye and , eventually , Jon Anderson , both founding members of the then-disbanded Yes . They started recording the album 90125 , but soon after this the band dropped the `` Cinema '' name , and continued as `` Yes '' .
Demos produced from the Cinema sessions included `` Make It Easy '' and `` It 's Over '' , with lead vocals by Rabin , and an early version of `` It Can Happen '' featuring Squire on vocals . `` Make It Easy '' and this version of `` It Can Happen '' appeared on 1991 's Yesyears box set compilation ,
and were later included as bonus tracks on the remastered version of 90125 released in 2004 by Rhino Records , as was `` It 's Over '' .
Unreleased tracks worked on by Cinema include `` Time , '' a 20-minute instrumental , and `` Carry On . ''
The introduction from `` Time '' would end up as an instrumental on 90125 , titled `` Cinema '' as a tribute to the aborted band .
Line-up
Chris Squire – Bass guitar , backing and lead vocals
Alan White – Drums , percussion
Trevor Rabin – Guitars , keyboards , lead and backing vocals
Tony Kaye – Hammond organ , piano
References
English progressive rock groups
Arne Sverre Birger Krogdahl ( 25 February 1909 – 10 May 1988 ) was a Norwegian chess player , Norwegian Chess Championship winner ( 1937 ) .
Biography
In the beginning of 1930s Arne Kroghdahl was one of the leading Norwegian chess players . In 1937 , in Trondheim they won the Norwegian Chess Championship . Also they won the Norwegian Blitz Chess Championships many times .
Arne Kroghdahl played for Norway in the Chess Olympiad :
In 1930 , at fourth board in the 3rd Chess Olympiad in Hamburg ( +0 , =2 , -11 ) .
References
External links
Arne Kroghdahl chess games at 365chess.com
1909 births
1988 deaths
Norwegian chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
The black-capped becard ( Pachyramphus marginatus ) is a species of bird in the family Tityridae . It has traditionally been placed in Cotingidae or Tyrannidae , but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae , where it is now placed by the South American Classification Committee .
It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest .
References
black-capped becard
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
black-capped becard
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Centre Market Place is a one block long street in Lower Manhattan , New York City , bordering Mulberry Street to the east , Grand Street to the south , Broome Street to the north , and Centre Street to the west . Centre Market Place was originally an extension of Orange Street ( now Baxter Street , which starts at Grand Street , where Centre Market Place ends ) , before being formally renamed Centre Market Place in April 1837 , after Centre Market , which was west of the street . At one time , the street was at the top of a high hill . Currently , local residents consider Centre Market Place to be part of the NoLIta neighborhood .
At the southern end of the street , on the corner of Grand Street , is Onieal 's restaurant , which features a cavernous wine cellar that once served as a speakeasy during Prohibition . Gentlemen of means would walk through the front of the Police Building , perhaps make a contribution to the `` widows and orphan fund '' and then walk through the cellar corridor connecting the two buildings .
9 Centre Market Place was once the location to `` The People 's Bath House '' , a privately run public bathhouse built by the Association for Improving the Condition of the Poor . The People 's Baths served as a model to which the City of New York would later build the city 's truly public bathhouses .
The block also included several gun stores including the John Jovino at 5 Centre Market Place , and the older Frank Lava Gunsmith at 6 Centre Market Place . The gun stores were part of a gun district owing to its proximity to the police headquarters at 240 Centre St .
A row of townhouses at No . 1 , 2 , 4 , and 5 were rehabilitated by two developers , a husband-and-wife team , incorporating found architectural castoffs scavenged from around the world as part of its facade .
The street was home to many well-known writers , poets , and artists , including the noted crime photographer Weegee , who lived in a small studio apartment at 5 Centre Market Pl .
References
Notes
External links
Centre Market Place storefronts—photographs of all storefronts on Centre Market Pl .
Streets in Manhattan
The 1983–84 NBA season was the 38th season of the National Basketball Association . The season ended with the Boston Celtics winning the NBA Championship , beating the Los Angeles Lakers 4 games to 3 for the second time since 1969 in the NBA Finals .
Notable occurrences
The 1984 NBA All-Star Game was played at McNichols Sports Arena in Denver , Colorado , with the East defeating the West 154–145 . Isiah Thomas of the Detroit Pistons wins the game 's MVP award . Larry Nance of the Phoenix Suns won the first NBA Slam Dunk Championship .
David Stern begins their tenure as the league 's fourth commissioner , effective April 1 .
The NBA Playoffs were expanded from 6 teams per conference to 8 , where it stands to this date ( with a play-in tournament for the # 7 and # 8 seeds in each conference added in 2020 ) . As a result , the 'first round bye ' system was eliminated .
Marked the first year the first round of the NBA Playoffs went from best-of-three to best-of-five playoff . The first round remained best-of-five until going to be best-of-seven in 2003 .
Ralph Sampson became the first rookie to win the Rookie of the Month Award in every month of the season . They unanimously won the Rookie of the Year Award . David Robinson , Tim Duncan , LeBron James , Chris Paul , Blake Griffin , Damian Lillard , and Karl-Anthony Towns would later achieve the same feat .
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar surpassed Wilt Chamberlain to become the all-time NBA career leader in points . They passed Chamberlain in a game against the Utah Jazz at Las Vegas ' Thomas & Mack Center on April 5 . Fittingly , it was their trademark sky-hook that put them in the record books .
The Denver Nuggets and Detroit Pistons play in the highest scoring game in NBA history with the Pistons winning 186–184 in three overtimes .
The Dallas Mavericks made its first postseason appearance , beating the Seattle SuperSonics 3–2 before bowing out to the Los Angeles Lakers 4–1 in the Conference Semifinals . Game 5 of the Seattle series was played at Moody Coliseum as Reunion Arena , the Mavericks ' home , was unavailable .
The Utah Jazz appeared in the postseason for the first time , defeating the Denver Nuggets 3–2 in the opening round and then losing to the Phoenix Suns 4–2 in the Western semis . This started a streak of 20 consecutive playoff appearances , fourth longest in the NBA behind the Portland Trail Blazers ( 21 between 1983 and 2003 ) , the Philadelphia 76ers ( 23 between 1949 ( as Syracuse Nationals ) and 1971 ) , and the San Antonio Spurs current streak of 22 starting in 1998 ) .
The Clippers play their final game in San Diego , California .
This would be the last season until 2013–14 that the Finals had the 2–2–1–1–1 format . The Finals would adopt the 2–3–2 format the following season .
The New Jersey Nets won a playoff series for the first time in their NBA history , upsetting the defending champion Philadelphia 76ers in five games . The series marked the only time ( to date ) a road team won every game in a five-game playoff series .
Final season of ESPN broadcasting NBA games until the 2002–03 season , which also marked the league 's return to future corporate partner ABC . It also marked the final season of NBA broadcasts on the USA Network .
Spalding replaced Wilson as manufacturer of the official NBA game ball , a relationship that continued until 2021 .
It was the final season for eventual Hall of Famers Tiny Archibald , Elvin Hayes and Bob Lanier .
All five teams in the Atlantic Division made the Playoffs , the first such occurrence for any division .
Final standings
By division
By conference
Notes
z – Clinched home court advantage for the entire playoffs
c – Clinched home court advantage for the conference playoffs
y – Clinched division title
x – Clinched playoff spot
Playoffs
Teams in bold advanced to the next round . The numbers to the left of each team indicate the team 's seeding in its conference , and the numbers to the right indicate the number of games the team won in that round . The division champions are marked by an asterisk . Home court advantage does not necessarily belong to the higher-seeded team , but instead the team with the better regular season record ; teams enjoying the home advantage are shown in italics .
Statistics leaders
NBA awards
Yearly awards
Most Valuable Player : Larry Bird , Boston Celtics
Rookie of the Year : Ralph Sampson , Houston Rockets
Defensive Player of the Year : Sidney Moncrief , Milwaukee Bucks
Sixth Man of the Year : Kevin McHale , Boston Celtics
Coach of the Year : Frank Layden , Utah Jazz
All-NBA First Team :
F – Larry Bird , Boston Celtics
F – Bernard King , New York Knicks
C – Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Los Angeles Lakers
G – Isiah Thomas , Detroit Pistons
G – Magic Johnson , Los Angeles Lakers
All-NBA Second Team :
F – Adrian Dantley , Utah Jazz
F – Julius Erving , Philadelphia 76ers
C – Moses Malone , Philadelphia 76ers
G – Sidney Moncrief , Milwaukee Bucks
G – Jim Paxson , Portland Trail Blazers
All-NBA Rookie Team :
Steve Stipanovich , Indiana Pacers
Ralph Sampson , Houston Rockets
Darrell Walker , New York Knicks
Jeff Malone , Washington Bullets
Thurl Bailey , Utah Jazz
Byron Scott , Los Angeles Lakers
NBA All-Defensive First Team :
Bobby Jones , Philadelphia 76ers
Michael Cooper , Los Angeles Lakers
Tree Rollins , Atlanta Hawks
Maurice Cheeks , Philadelphia 76ers
Sidney Moncrief , Milwaukee Bucks
NBA All-Defensive Second Team :
Larry Bird , Boston Celtics
Dan Roundfield , Atlanta Hawks
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , Los Angeles Lakers
Dennis Johnson , Boston Celtics
T.R . Dunn , Denver Nuggets
Note : All above information were obtained on the History section on NBA.com
Player of the week
The following players were named NBA Player of the Week .
Player of the month
The following players were named NBA Player of the Month .
Rookie of the month
The following players were named NBA Rookie of the Month .
Coach of the month
The following coaches were named NBA Coach of the Month .
References
This article displays the squads for the 2020 European Men 's Handball Championship . Each team consisted of up to 28 players , of whom 16 may be fielded for each match .
Age , club , caps and goals as of 9 January 2020 .
Group A
Belarus
A 17-player squad was announced on 26 December 2019 . On 2 January Uladzislau Kulesh , Aliaksandr Padshyvalau and Mikalai Aliokhin were added to the squad . The final squad was announced on 6 January 2020 .
Head coach : Yuri Shevtsov
Croatia
A 18-player squad was announced on 30 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 7 January 2020 .
Head coach : Lino Červar
Montenegro
The squad was announced 22 December 2019 . On 5 January 2020 , Miloš Vujović was replaced by Filip Vujović due to an injury .
Head coach : Zoran Roganović
Serbia
The squad was revealed on 30 December 2018 .
Head coach : Nenad Peruničić
Group B
Austria
An 18-player squad was revealed on 30 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 7 January 2020 .
Head coach : Aleš Pajovič
Czech Republic
An 18-player squad was announced on 30 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 7 January 2020 .
Head coach : Jan Filip
North Macedonia
A 20-player squad was announced 30 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 8 January 2020 .
Head coach : Danilo Brestovac
Ukraine
The squad was announced on 28 December 2019 .
Head coach : Serhiy Bebeshko
Group C
Germany
A 17-player squad was announced on 20 December 2019 . Franz Semper withdrew on 31 December 2019 , due to an injury and was replaced by David Schmidt . The final squad was announced on 8 January 2020 . Johannes Golla replaced Marian Michalczik on 16 January 2020 .
Head coach : Christian Prokop
Latvia
The squad was announced on 30 December 2019 .
Head coach : Armands Uščins
Netherlands
A 16-player squad was announced on 28 November 2019 . The final squad was announced on 5 January 2020 .
Head coach : Erlingur Richardsson
Spain
An 18-player squad was announced on 30 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 5 January 2020 .
Head coach : Jordi Ribera
Group D
Bosnia and Herzegovina
A 28-player squad was revealed on 6 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 7 January 2020 .
Head coach : Bilal Šuman
France
An 18-player squad was revealed on 30 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 6 January 2020 .
Head coach : Didier Dinart
Norway
An 18-player squad was announced on 9 December 2019 . On 25 December 2019 , Bjarte Myrhol was replaced by Tom Kåre Nikolaisen due to a health problem . The final squad was announced on 10 January 2020 . On 20 January , Espen Christensen replaced Magnus Abelvik Rød due to an injury . On 22 January , William Aar replaced Kristian Sæverås due to sickness .
Head coach : Christian Berge
Portugal
The squad was announced on 30 December 2019 .
Head coach : Paulo Pereira
Group E
Denmark
The squad was announced on 16 December 2019 . On 13 January Morten Olsen replaced Jacob Holm . On 15 January Magnus Landin Jacobsen replaced Lasse Andersson
Head coach : Nikolaj Jacobsen
Hungary
A 22-player squad was announced on 13 December 2019 . On 2 January 2020 the squad was reduced to 20 players . The final squad was announced on 5 January 2020 .
Head coach : István Gulyás
Iceland
A 19-player squad was announced on 16 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 7 January 2020 .
Head coach : Guðmundur Guðmundsson
Russia
A 22-player squad was announced on 24 December 2019 . On 1 January 2020 the squad was reduced to 18 players .
Head coach : Eduard Koksharov
Group F
Poland
A 19-player squad was announced on 31 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 6 January 2020 . On 14 January Jan Czuwara replaced Przemysław Krajewski due to an injury .
Head coach : Patryk Rombel
Slovenia
A 20-player squad was announced on 29 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 5 January 2020 .
Head coach : Ljubomir Vranjes
Sweden
The squad was announced on 13 December 2019 .
Head coach : Kristján Andrésson
Switzerland
A 19-player squad was announced on 11 December 2019 . The final squad was announced on 8 January 2020 .
Head coach : Michael Suter
Statistics
Player representation by league system
In all , European Championship squad members play for clubs in 31 different countries .
Coaches representation by country
Coaches in bold represent their own country .
References
External links
Official website
Squads
European Handball Championship squads
Human milk oligosaccharides ( HMOs ) , also known as human milk glycans , are short polymers of simple sugars that can be found in high concentrations in human breast milk . Human milk oligosaccharides promote the development of the immune system , can reduce the pathogen infections and improve brain development and cognition . The HMO profile of human breast milk shapes the gut microbiota of the infant by selectively stimulating bifidobacteria and other bacteria .
Occurrence
Milk oligosaccharides seem to be more abundant in humans than in other animals and to be more complex and varied . Oligosaccharides in primate milk are generally more complex and diverse than in non-primates .
Human milk oligosaccharides ( HMOs ) form the third most abundant solid component ( dissolved or emulsified or suspended in water ) of human milk , after lactose and fat . HMOs are present in a concentration of 11.3 – 17.7 g/L ( 1.5 oz/gal – 2.36 oz/gal ) in human milk , depending on lactation stages . Approximately 200 structurally different human milk oligosaccharides are known , and they can be categorized into fucosylated , sialylated and neutral core HMOs . The composition of human milk oligosaccharides in breast milk is individual to each mother and varies over the period of lactation . The dominant oligosaccharide in 80 % of all women is 2′-fucosyllactose , which is present in human breast milk at a concentration of approximately 2.5 g/L ; other abundant oligosacchadies include lacto-N-tetraose , lacto-N-neotetraose , and lacto-N-fucopentaose . It has been found by numerous studies that the concentration of each individual human milk oligosaccharide changes throughout the different periods of lactation ( colostrum , transitional , mature and late milk ) and depend on various factors such as the mother 's genetic secretor status and length of gestation .
Functions
In contrast to the other components of breast milk that are absorbed by the infant through breastfeeding , HMOs are indigestible for the nursing child . However , they have a prebiotic effect and serve as food for intestinal bacteria , especially bifidobacteria . The dominance of these intestinal bacteria in the gut reduces the colonization with pathogenic bacteria ( probiosis ) and thereby promotes a healthy intestinal microbiota and reduces the risk of dangerous intestinal infections . Recent studies suggest that HMOs significantly lower the risk of viral and bacterial infections and thus diminish the chance of diarrhoea and respiratory diseases .
This protective function of the HMOs is activated when in contact with specific pathogens , such as certain bacteria or viruses . These have the ability to bind themselves to the glycan receptors ( receptors for long chains of connected sugar molecules on the surface of human cells ) located on the surface of the intestinal cells and can thereby infect the cells of the intestinal mucosa . Researchers have discovered that HMOs mimic these glycan receptors so the pathogens bind themselves to the HMOs rather than the intestinal cells . This reduces the risk of an infection with a pathogen .
In addition to this , HMOs seem to influence the reaction of specific cells of the immune system in a way that reduces inflammatory responses . It is also suspected that HMOs reduce the risk of premature infants becoming infected with the potentially life-threatening disease necrotizing enterocolitis ( NEC ) .
Some of the metabolites directly affect the nervous system or the brain and can sometimes influence the development and behavior of children in the long term . There are studies that indicate certain HMOs supply the child with sialic acid residues . Sialic acid is an essential nutrient for the development of the child 's brain and mental abilities .
In experiments designed to test the suitability of HMOs as a prebiotic source of carbon for intestinal bacteria it was discovered that they are highly selective for a commensal bacterium known as Bifidobacteria longum biovar infantis . The presence of genes unique to B. infantis , including co-regulated glycosidases , and its efficiency at using HMOs as a carbon source may imply a co-evolution of HMOs and the genetic capability of select bacteria to utilize them .
Applications
Infant formula : Historically HMOs were not part of infant formula , and bottle-fed babies could not benefit from their positive health effects . However recently more and more HMOs , including 2'-Fucosyllactose and Lacto-N-neotetraose , are being added as supplements to modern infant formula .
Irritable bowel syndrome : Human milk oligosaccharides are also used to treat the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS ) , which is a gastrointestinal disorder affecting 10–15 % of the developed world . A 12-week treatment with an orally taken HMO mixture showed significant improvement of the life quality of IBS patients .
Biosynthesis in humans
All HMOs derive from lactose , which can be decorated by four monosaccharides ( N-acetyl-D-glucosamine , D-galactose , sialic acid and/or L-fucose ) to form an oligosaccharide . The HMO variability in human mothers depend on two specific enzymes , the α1-2-fucosyltransferase ( FUT2 ) and the α1-3/4-fucosyltransferase ( FUT3 ) . The milk of mothers with inactivated FUT2 enzyme do not contain α1-2-fucosylated HMOs , and likewise with inactivated FUT3 enzyme there can be almost no α1-4-fucasylated HMOs found . Typically 20 % of the global population of mothers do not have active FUT2 enzyme , but still have an active FUT3 enzyme , whereas 1 % of mothers express neither FUT2 nor FUT3 enzymes .
Enzymatic synthesis
Enzymatic synthesis of HMOs through transgalactosylation is an efficient way for the large-scale production . Various donors , including p-nitrophenyl-β-galactopyranoside , uridine diphosphate galactose and lactose , can be used in transgalactosylation . In particular , lactose may act as either a donor or an acceptor in a variety of enzymatic reactions and is available in large quantities from the whey produced as a co-processing product from cheese production . There is a lack of published data , however , describing the large-scale production of such galactooligosaccharides .
References
Oligosaccharides
Nutrition
Carbohydrate chemistry
Breastfeeding
Microbiology
Microbial growth and nutrition
The 2015 East Carolina Pirates football team represented East Carolina University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season . They were led by sixth-year head coach Ruffin McNeill and played their home games at Dowdy–Ficklen Stadium . This was East Carolina 's second season as members of the Eastern Division of the American Athletic Conference . They finished the season 5–7 , 3–5 in AAC play to finish in fifth place in the East Division .
McNeill was fired at the end of the season . They finished with a six-year record of 42–24 .
Schedule
Schedule Source :
Game summaries
Towson
at Florida
at Navy
Virginia Tech
at SMU
at BYU
Tulsa
Temple
at UConn
South Florida
at UCF
Cincinnati
References
East Carolina
East Carolina Pirates football seasons
East Carolina Pirates football
|-
! style=background : Yellow |Seniors
|-
|-
! style=background : Yellow | Juniors
|-
The Sweden national ringette team , ( more commonly known as `` Team Sweden '' ) , is the ringette team representing Sweden internationally . Sweden has both a senior national ringette team and a junior national ringette team . Sweden 's first appearance in international ringette took place at the first World Ringette Championships in 1992 . Both Team Sweden Senior and Team Sweden Junior ( U19 ) are overseen by the Sweden Ringette Association , known in Swedish as the . Both teams compete at the World Ringette Championships ( WRC ) . The Sweden Ringette Association is a member of the International Ringette Federation ( IRF ) . Team USA is Team Sweden 's arch-rival .
Though Sweden joined the IRF in 1986 , the Sweden Ringette Association was not formed until 1994 and was elected as an associate member of the Swedish Sports Confederation in 2003 .
History
While the World Junior Ringette Championships first began in 2009 and occurred again in 2012 , Sweden never sent a junior team to compete at either world tournament . The world junior tournament merged with the world championship program for senior teams in 2013 where world titles for a Senior Pool , Junior Pool , and President 's Pool were contested . There was an exception in 2016 whereby the Team Sweden Senior competed the Senior Pool and Team Sweden Junior competed in the Junior Pool .
Sweden 's first junior national team ( U19 ) was formed in 2016 and competed in the 2016 World Ringette Championships . They did not compete in 2017 and have yet to return to the world stage .
World Championship record
Senior Sweden
Junior Sweden
Team Sweden Senior
Team Sweden ( Senior ) made its world debut at the second World Ringette Championships ( WRC ) in 1992 . The senior team has competed in every WRC with the exception of the world competition 's inaugural year in 1990 , the 1998 World Ringette Championships which was replaced by a 1998 Summit series between Team Canada and Team Finland , and the 2021 World Ringette Championships when the tournament was cancelled due to Covid-19 .
1990 Seniors
Team Sweden Senior did not compete at the 1990 World Ringette Championships in Gloucester , Ontario . The tournament took place from January 29 to February 3 , 1990 with teams from Canada , Finland , and the USA competing , but Sweden 's national team had not yet been formed .
1992 Seniors
Team Sweden Senior competed at the 1992 World Ringette Championships in Helsinki , Finland , March 4–8 , 1992 . It was Sweden 's world debut at the World Ringette Championships .
1994 Seniors
Team Sweden Senior competed at the 1994 World Ringette Championships in St. Paul , Minnesota , in the United States . between March 19–27 , 1994 .
1996 Seniors
Team Sweden Senior competed at the 1996 World Ringette Championships in Stockholm , Sweden between April 15–20 , 1996 .
1998 Seniors
The 1998 World Ringette Championships were initially meant to be held in Moncton , New Brunswick , Canada . Instead a promotional five game ringette `` Summit Series '' tour of Europe was organized with a series of games between a Team Canada , and Team Finland between February 27 and March 7 , 1998 . Team Sweden Senior did not compete that year .
2000 Seniors
Team Sweden Senior competed at the 2000 World Ringette Championships in Espoo and Lahti , Finland between November 15–18 , 2000 .
2002 Seniors
Team Sweden Senior competed at the 2002 World Ringette Championships in Edmonton , Canada , between November 25–30 , 2002 .
2004 Seniors
Team Sweden Senior competed at the 2004 World Ringette Championships in Stockholm , Sweden , between November 23–27 , 2004 .
2007 Seniors
Team Sweden Senior competed at the 2007 World Ringette Championships in Ottawa , Canada , between October 30 and November 3 , 2007 .
2010 Seniors
The 2010 Sweden Senior team competed in the 2010 World Ringette Championships which took place in Tampere , Finland , between November 1–6 , 2010 .
2013 Seniors
The 2013 Sweden Senior team competed in the 2013 World Ringette Championships which took place between December 31 , 2013 , and January 4 , 2014 in North Bay , Ontario , Canada .
2016 Seniors
The 2016 Sweden Senior team team competed in the 2016 World Ringette Championships which took place between December 27 , 2015 , and January 3 , 2016 , in Helsinki , Finland .
2017 Seniors
The 2016 Sweden Senior team competed in the 2017 World Ringette Championships which took place between November 27 and December 3 , 2017 , in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
2019 Seniors
The 2019 Sweden Senior team competed in the 2019 World Ringette Championships which were hosted in Burnaby , Canada , from November 25 to December 1 , 2019 .
2022 Seniors
The 2022 Sweden Senior team will compete in the 2022 World Ringette Championships from October 31 to November 6 , in Espoo , Finland .
Team Sweden Junior
Team Sweden Junior ( U19 ) made its first world appearance at the 2016 World Ringette Championships in Helsinki , Finland . However , Sweden has yet to field another junior national team and has not returned to the world stage as of yet .
2016 Juniors
The 2016 Sweden Junior team competed in the 2016 World Ringette Championships which were hosted in Helsinki , Finland , from December 27 , 2015 , to January 3 , 2016 . This was the first time Sweden sent a junior national ringette team to the World Ringette Championships ( WRC ) .
See also
Sweden Ringette Association
Ringette
World Ringette Championships
Canada national ringette team
Finland national ringette team
United States national ringette team
International Ringette Federation
Sam Jacks
Juhani `` Juuso '' Wahlsten
References
External links
International Ringette Federation
The History of Ringette in Calgary
Ringette Canada
Ringette Finland
Team USA Ringette
Sweden Ringette Association
Ringette Slovakia
Czech Ringette
Ringette
Ringette
Ringette
Ringette players
EcoVelocity was an annual motor show in London that focusses on electric and low-carbon cars . The first show in 2011 was launched at Battersea Power Station , and the 2012 show was located at the ExCel exhibition centre . It was renamed Future Drive Motor Show for 2013 , but this was subsequently cancelled .
2011 show
The first show took place between 8–11 September at the Battersea Power station in West London . The show featured 17 marques including Tesla , Toyota and Nissan , and organised 7,000 on-site test drives . Overall visitor numbers were 8,700 and the show was organised by Metro newspaper and International Green Motor Events .
2012 show
The second show took place between 10–13 May at the East London ExCel exhibition centre and was organised by Media 10 following their acquisition of IGME in February 2012 . By co-locating with the Grand Designs exhibition , numbers were up seven-fold to nearly 58,000 visitors .
2013 show
At the end of 2012 the show organisers announced that the 2013 EcoVelocity show would be reformatted and incorporated into the new Future Drive Motor Show , but remain at the London ExCeL centre and would be held between 5–12 May .
Only four weeks before the show , Future Drive was cancelled by Media 10 due to a lack of exhibitors signed up .
References
External links
Auto shows
Annual events in London
Jim Ducharme ( born 5 December 1953 ) is a Canadian water polo player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Quebec City
Micești is a commune in Argeș County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of four villages : Brânzari , Micești , Păuleasca , and Purcăreni .
The commune is situated at a mean altitude of , in the southern section of the , an area of foothills leading up to the Făgăraș Mountains in the Southern Carpathians . It lies on the banks of Râul Doamnei , where the river receives its tributary , the Micești River ; another tributary , the river Budeasa , flows through Brânzari village .
Micești is located in the central part of Argeș County , north of the county seat , Pitești . It has the following neighbors Mălureni and Coșești communes to the north , Dârmănești commune to the northeast , the town of Mioveni to the east , Mărăcineni commune to the south , and Budeasa commune to the west .
Purcăreni village is crossed by the national road DN73 , which connects Pitești to the city of Brașov , in Transylvania . Micești village is traversed by county road DJ740 , which leads south to Mărăcineni ( where it also ends in DN73 ) , and north to Păuleasca village , from where it continues to Mălureni .
Natives
Emanoil Bârzotescu ( 1888–1968 ) , major general during World War II .
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Hannibal Vaivao is an American rugby union player for Old Glory DC of Major League Rugby ( MLR ) . Their position is at prop .
Vaivao was a former rugby league footballer prop for the Washington DC Slayers and Northern Virginia Eagles in the USA Rugby League .
They also played American football for the Southeast Missouri State Redhawks and PAC in rugby union .
References
External links
( archived by web.archive.org ) Hannibal Vaivao Southeast Missouri Redhawks
1987 births
American rugby union players
American rugby league players
Washington DC Slayers players
Southeast Missouri State Redhawks football players
Northern Virginia Eagles players
Footballers who switched code
Sportspeople from Long Beach , California
Players of American football from Long Beach , California
Living people
Rugby league props
Rugby union props
Old Glory DC players
Akta-Vite is a brand of chocolate flavouring for milk or plant milk . As it does not itself contain milk products , it is lactose-free and suitable for people who are lactose intolerant or avoiding dairy products for other reasons . It was created in 1943 by George Nicholas in Chadstone , a suburb of Melbourne , and initially marketed as a nutritional supplement available only in pharmacies . It is owned and manufactured by the Nicholas family through Nicholas Health and Nutrition Pty Ltd .
History
Alfred Nicholas and their brother George Nicholas became wealthy by producing Australian-made aspirin sold as Aspro after Bayer lost their Australian patent during the First World War . This wealth enabled them to diversify into nutritional supplements , including Akta-Vite . Many nutrients were not readily available in synthetic form in the 1940s , with natural ingredients including vitamin A from shark livers . Akta-Vite was exported to Southeast Asia in the 1950s , and became a well-known brand in Thailand .
The brand was sold to the Sara Lee Corporation in 1984 , and bought back by the Nicholas family in 2016 .
Marketing
The product is recognisable by its orange tin can .
References
External links
Chocolate drinks
Drink brands
Products introduced in 1943
Hot drinks
Australian cuisine
Australian brands
Australian companies established in 1943
Drink companies of Australia
Skipton Business Finance is a UK factoring and Invoice discounting company , founded and based in Skipton , North Yorkshire . It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Skipton Building Society .
2007 Loan fund to SMEs
The Telegraph reported that , in late 2007 , Skipton Business Finance had created a £25million credit line , to aide new businesses in the north of England that had at least £2million sales .
2010 EFG Scheme
Skipton Business Finance was chosen by the UK government to be included as one of the lenders on the Enterprise Finance Guarantee , a UK government guaranteed scheme . It was intended to enable banks to lend to viable small businesses that are unable to provide the security that the bank would otherwise require .
This scheme enables businesses with a turnover of up to £25million to be able to access loans from companies such as Skipton Business Finance , 75 % of the loan of which is guaranteed by the UK government .
2012 Record first half year
The Yorkshire Post reported that Skipton Business Finance had seen a 50 % increase in deals over the first six months of 2012 , a record for the invoice finance provider .
2013 Expansion
It was reported in the Derbyshire press that Skipton Business Finance had expanded its reach further into the East Midlands through the recruitment of new staff , following an increase in regional businesses requiring invoice finance .
References
External links
Skipton Business Finance Link label
Financial services companies of the United Kingdom
Skipton
Companies based in Craven District
Gullysville is an unincorporated community in Nelson County , Virginia , United States .
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Chuck Sabo is an American drummer , musical director , songwriter , and producer who has performed and recorded with prominent artists including XTC , Natalie Imbruglia , Elton John , Tom Jones , Chaka Khan , Brian Adams , Cher , Tina Turner , Pet Shop Boys , Billy Preston , Roy Orbison , Terence Trent D'Arby , Seal , Right Said Fred , Shakespear 's Sister , Take That , OMD , 808 State , Tashan , Belinda Carlisle , Kiki Dee , Étienne Daho , and Michel Polnareff .
Early life
Chuck Sabo ( Charles Edward Sabo Jr. ) was born August 22 , 1958 , and grew up in Allentown , Pennsylvania , in a family of non-musicians . Their parents supported their interest in and aptitude for playing the drums , and they began their career playing in cover bands in the Allentown area .
Career
1980s
Sabo moved to New York City in 1980 at age 21 . While taking drum lessons with Sonny Igoe they worked moving furniture to subsidize their music career . In the early part of the decade they made their first significant industry connections , recording their first major label project ( 1982 's The Eleventh Hour ) with Tom Dickie and the Desires managed by Tommy Mottola .
They also played in the early 1980s in New York City with the Comateens , and their stint in NYC ended after they recorded their final album , Deal With It , in 1984 . After touring Europe with the group to support the album , they decided to stay in London .
They began their UK career being offered gigs with two bands , Decadence , managed by Mick Rossey , who was also managing Flock of Seagulls , and Glasgow band Talking Drums , who were managed by Miles Copeland . They went with Talking Drums and moved to Glasgow for a short time , but soon returned to London , where they played with a number of bands and became further known on the music scene .
In 1988 they were the session drummer for Étienne Daho 's album Pour Nos Vies Martiennes . The following year they toured Europe with Daho .
1990s
Sabo played on Martyn Ware 's 1991 British Electric Foundation album Music of Quality and Distinction , Vol . 2 , which included recordings with Tina Turner , Chaka Khan , Terence Trent D'Arby , Billy Preston , and others . In 1992 they played on Tashan 's 1992 album For the Sake of Love , produced by Ware . They toured with Shakespears Sister and played on their album Hormonally Yours as well as Right Said Fred 's album Up . In 1993 they were the session drummer on Take That 's album Everything Changes .
In 1994 , while they were recording Marcella Detroit 's album Jewel , its producer Chris Thomas arranged for Sabo to play on the last track ( `` Duets for One '' ) on Elton John 's Duets album . That led to sessions for The Lion King soundtrack , where Chuck played on `` Circle of Life , '' `` Can You Feel the Love Tonight , '' and `` I Just Ca n't Wait to Be King . '' Sessions with Kiki Dee and Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark ( OMD ) followed .
In 1996 Étienne Daho called on them again , this time for their 1996 album Eden .
In 1997 Sabo played on Natalie Imbruglia 's hit Grammy-winning RCA album Left of the Middle and toured with Imbruglia supporting it .
21st century
In 2000 , Sabo played on XTC 's final studio album , Wasp Star ( Apple Venus Volume 2 ) . Their work the following year included Jimmy Nail 's album Ten Great Songs and an OK Voice , and a return engagement with Imbruglia for their second album , White Lilies Island .
The success of the Natalie Imbruglia project and others enabled Sabo and their then-wife Jeanette Landry to set up a home studio , where among other projects they wrote and recorded with singer Sally Ann Marsh , who was later signed to Jive Records . Them success led them to a publishing deal with Dalmatian Songs in the U.K. and with BMG in the rest of the world .
In 2007 they joined the drum faculty of the Institute of Contemporary Music Performance in London .
In 2019 they released three singles , `` This Cowboy Ai n't Going Home , '' `` The Politician , '' and `` Keep Running Forever , '' in advance of their forthcoming debut album Running the Human Race and a single ( `` Dark & Rainy Street '' ) co-produced by Chris Thomas .
Select discography
References
1958 births
Living people
American rock drummers
American session musicians
Musicians from Allentown , Pennsylvania
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
20th-century American male musicians
Mirbat Sports Club ( ) is an Omani sports club based in Mirbat , Oman . Their home ground is Al-Saada Stadium , but they also recognize the older Salalah Sports Complex as their home ground . Both stadiums are government owned , but they also own their own personal stadium and sports equipment , as well as their own training facilities .
Being a multisport club
Although being mainly known for their football , Mirbat SC like many other clubs in Oman , have not only football in their list , but also hockey , volleyball , handball , basketball , badminton and squash . They also have a youth football team competing in the Omani Youth league .
Colors , kit providers and sponsorships
Mirbat SC have been known since establishment to wear a full white ( with red stripes ) kit ( usually a darker shade of red ) , varying themselves from neighbors Al-Nasr SC ( Blue kit ) , Al-Ittihad ( Green kit ) and Dhofar ( Red kit ) . They have also had many different sponsors over the years . As of now , Adidas provides them with kits .
Club performance-International Competitions
AFC competitions
Asian Club Championship : 1 appearance
1994–95 : Second Round
References
External links
Club Info at Goalzz.com
Football clubs in Oman
Omani League
Salalah
Apan Por is a 1992 Bengali Drama Film directed by Tapan Saha and produced by Joytara Pictures under the banner of Joytara Pictures . The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Juhi Chawla in the lead roles . Music of the film has been composed by Bappi Lahiri . The film soundtrack has a superhit song Aamar Garbo Shudhu Ei , sung by Asha Bhosle .
Cast
Prosenjit Chatterjee as Gora , servant of Pratap Chandra 's house
Juhi Chawla as Swapna
Kaushik Banerjee as Amiyo , Buli 's maternal uncle
Uttam Mohanty as Alok Mukherjee , Buli 's love interest and a journalist
Anuradha Ray as Buli , Pratap Chandra 's daughter
Subhendu Chatterjee as Doctor , Pratap Chandra 's family doctor
Dolon Roy
Pallavi Chatterjee
Sumitra Mukherjee as Swapna 's aunt
Mrinal Mukherjee as Doctor
Tito Bandyopadhyay
Basanta Chowdhury as Pratap Chandra
References
External links
Bengali-language Indian films
1992 films
1990s Bengali-language films
Indian romantic drama films
Franco Nicolás Escobar ( born 21 February 1995 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Major League Soccer club Los Angeles FC .
Club career
Escobar began their career with Newell 's Old Boys , making their professional debut on 7 June 2015 against Boca Juniors . They signed with MLS side Atlanta United FC on 8 December 2017 .
Escobar scored two goals for Atlanta in the 2018 MLS Cup Playoffs , including the second goal in the cup final .
On 9 February 2021 , Escobar returned to Newell 's Old Boys on a loan deal until 1 January 2022 .
On 12 December 2021 , Atlanta traded Escobar to Los Angeles FC in exchange for $ 600,000 in General Allocation Money .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Atlanta United
MLS Cup : 2018
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from Rosario , Santa Fe
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Major League Soccer players
Newell 's Old Boys footballers
Atlanta United FC players
Los Angeles FC players
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Association football defenders
USL Championship players
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Atlanta United 2 players
Hervé Pierre Braillard , known as Hervé Pierre , ( born 1965 ) , is a French-American fashion and costume designer . In 1987 , they received the first Christian Dior award from the Comité Colbert . Pierre has designed fashions for four United States first ladies including Laura Bush , Hillary Clinton , Michelle Obama , and Melania Trump since the 1990s .
Biography
After graduating from the École de la Chambre Syndicale de la Couture Parisienne they studied at the art history department of the Sorbonne . In 1987 , they received the first Christian Dior award from the Comité Colbert . The next year they became assistant to Erik Mortensen at the Balmain fashion house . After the departure of Mortensen , Pierre created three of their own fashion collections in 1991 and 1992 .
In addition to fashion , Pierre has also designed costumes for several opera houses . In 1992 they designed the costumes for Angelin Preljocaj 's version of the ballet Parade for Paris Opera Ballet and the Sydney Opera House , followed by costumes for Preljocaj 's ballet Le Parc for Paris Opera Ballet in 1994 . They have also designed costumes for New York City Ballet ( 1998 ) and Berliner Staatsoper ( 1999 ) .
In the beginning of the 1990s , they moved to the United States where they worked for Oscar De la Renta . They served as creative director for Vera Wang from 1998 to 2000 and then moved to Bill Blass to work under then Creative director Lars Nilsson . After Bill Blass they worked for Carolina Herrera for 14 years , where they left a position as creative director in February 2016 . Their clients have included US first ladies Hillary Clinton , Laura Bush and Michelle Obama . Pierre has for several years been styling Melania Trump . In 2017 , Pierre collaborated with them to design their gown for the Donald Trump inaugural balls . The dress was vanilla-colored and off-shoulder . It had a high slit , an arch across the torso and a red silk belt around the waistline . Pierre described Trump 's contributions as both technical and aesthetic . The dress is exhibited at the National Museum of American History .
References
1965 births
Living people
University of Paris alumni
French designers
French emigrants to the United States
French fashion designers
Thomas Bilbe ( 1803 – 28 November 1884 ) was an English shipbuilder and shipowner based in Rotherhithe . They built tea clippers and was involved in the opium trade with China .
Thomas was born in Sheerness , Kent and married Eliza Ann Chappell 30 January 1826 , St. John 's , Horsleydown .
References
1811 births
1896 deaths
Drug dealers
British shipbuilders
shipowners
People from Sheerness
19th-century English businesspeople
People from Rotherhithe
Capozzoli is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Charlie Capozzoli ( 1931–2013 ) , American long-distance runner
Louis Capozzoli ( 1901–1982 ) , American politician
Marco Capozzoli ( born 1988 ) , American football placekicker
Italian-language surnames
Washington Grays Monument , also known as the Pennsylvania Volunteer , is a bronze statue by John A. Wilson . The monument represents the Washington Grays who served in the 17th , 21st and 49th Pennsylvania Militia during the American Civil War . In 1925 , almost 20 years after the sculpture was made , renowned sculptor and art historian Lorado Taft wrote , `` No American sculpture has surpassed the compelling power which John A. Wilson put into their steady , motionless 'Pennsylvania Volunteer ' . '' Joseph Wilson built the base of the monument which was unveiled on April 19 , 1872 . Over 35 years later John Wilson sculpted the bronze statue , which was dedicated on April 18 , 1908 at Washington Square , and rededicated June 14 , 1991 at its present location in front of the Union League of Philadelphia , 140 South Broad Street , in Center City , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The sculpture is positioned adjacent to the sculpture 1st Regiment Infantry National Guard of Philadelphia .
History
On October 21 , 1871 , a communication was received by the Trustees from Mr. Edwin N. Benson , an honorary member of the Corps , tendering `` the sum of Two Thousand Dollars to defray the expenses of erecting a granite monument , in a proper place , to the memory of the gallant comrades who fell in the war for the Union , '' suggesting it be completed and dedicated on the occasion of the semi-centennial Anniversary of the Corps .
The base of the monument was unveiled at the intersection of Broad Street and Girard Avenue , with impressive and appropriate ceremonies on Friday , April 19 , 1872 , at 3 o'clock P. M. , and the day concluded with a banquet of which three hundred persons partook , at the Continental Hotel . The monument was subsequently removed from the place of its dedication to the centre of Washington Square .
At a meeting of the `` Old Guard of the Artillery Corps , Washington Grays , '' held February 22 , 1906 , a committee consisting of the Trustees and Comrade Captain John O. Foering was appointed to procure and have erected upon the base of the monument in Washington Square a bronze figure of a `` Washington Gray '' in the old uniform . The Committee reported at the meeting of May 4 , 1908 , that they had attended to the duty assigned them , and defrayed the entire cost ( $ 5000 ) out of the Treasury of the old Guard without assistance from any other source whatever , and that the figure had been made by John A. Wilson and had been uncovered without ceremony in the presence of the few surviving members of the old Guard at 7 o'clock on the morning of Saturday , April 18th , 1908 .
John Oppell Foering described the monument :
It is a figure of a gentleman become a soldier , one who has turned their back upon the charms and allurement of peaceful life , resolved to do , to dare , perchance to die for their country in obedience to the instinct of patriotism imbibed in the first moments of life , while they lay a helpless babe listening to the beating of their mother 's heart . If the lesson it teaches be properly learned , love of country will be immortal , and untold generations will accept as truth , `` greater love than this hath no man , that they giveth their life for their brother . ''
In 1954 the monument was moved to Lemon Hill and remained unprotected for almost four decades . The unnamed Grays soldier suffered the neglect of an uninterested public . Bored kids probably assaulted the statue with stones , knocking off their bayonet and plume . The monument was moved to its present location in 1991 .
Gallery
Inscription
The inscription reads :
J. Wilson
Bureau Bros .
This statue was dedicated at this site on June 14 , 1991 By the Union League of Philadelphia . The First Regiment Infantry of Pennsylvania & Fairmount Park Commission through the efforts of a combined committee of those organizations .
The Union League of Philadelphia
Robert M. Flood Jr. , President
Stanley W. Root Jr. , Esq . Chairman
Leon Clemmer A.I.A. , Architect
Raymond K. Denworth , Esquire
First Regiment Infantry of Pennsylvania
Colonel Jack C. Betson , Pres .
Major William M. Barnes , Sec ' y
Fairmount Park Commission
F
Eugene Dixon , Jr. , Chairman signed Founder 's mark appears .
See also
List of public art in Philadelphia
References
External links
Union League Club Philadelphia
History of the First regiment infantry , National guard of Pennsylvania ( Grey Reserves ) 1861–1911 ( 1912 )
http : //www.philart.net/art.php ? id=422
`` Landscapes of ‘ recaptured ' monuments : the Washington Grays Monument pedestal '' , August 16 , 2010
Smithsonian Institution – Washington Grays Monument
Outdoor sculptures in Philadelphia
1908 sculptures
Bronze sculptures in Pennsylvania
Monuments and memorials in Philadelphia
Statues in Pennsylvania
Sculptures of men in Pennsylvania
1908 establishments in Pennsylvania
Military monuments and memorials in the United States
Relocated buildings and structures in Pennsylvania
Daniel Anthony ( born 4 October 1987 ) is a British actor . They are known for their regular roles as Clyde Langer in the Doctor Who is a spin-off programme The Sarah Jane Adventures , and as Jamie Collier in Casualty . They have also appeared in minor , recurring , and guest roles on several other television programmes .
Biography
Daniel Anthony was born on 4 October 1987 in Quinton , Birmingham . Their television roles include JJ in EastEnders , Lex Keavey in Doctors , and Danny in As the Bell Rings .
They were short listed for the 'Villain of the Year ' award at The British Soap Awards . They appeared as a series regular in the Doctor Who is a spin-off programme The Sarah Jane Adventures from 2007 to 2011 , playing Clyde Langer .
Anthony also played Delong in Big Finish Audio : Wirrn Dawn . With this role , they became the first BBC Wales series regular to have participated in a Big Finish production .
Anthony voiced Will Parry in the BBC Radio 4 production of the Dark Materials trilogy . They have appeared on the West End in several musicals , including The Lion King as young Simba , and in Oliver ! at the London Palladium . They have recently appeared as Kez in the BBC3 drama Dis/Connected , about a young girl committing suicide and the impact it has on their friends . They also made a brief appearance as a thug in the 2009 ITV drama Demons episode `` Smitten '' . Anthony played the character Jack in the 2010 BBC film Rules of Love .
They appeared in Casualty from 2013 to 2014 playing regular character , Jamie Collier , the nephew of already established character Jeff .
In 2021 they joined the UK touring cast of 'Magic Goes Wrong ' in the role of Mickey .
Filmography
Television
Film
Theatre
Audio
Video games
Awards and nominations
The British Soap Awards ( 2006 ) – nominated as `` Best Newcomer '' for Doctors
References
External links
Agent 's Page
1987 births
Living people
21st-century English male actors
Black British male actors
English male musical theatre actors
English male radio actors
English male television actors
English male voice actors
English people of Sierra Leonean descent
Male actors from Birmingham , West Midlands
General Instrument ( GI ) was an American electronics manufacturer based in Horsham , Pennsylvania , specializing in semiconductors and cable television equipment . They formed in New York City in 1923 as an electronics manufacturer . During the 1950s , the company began a series of acquisitions under the direction of Moses Shapiro . Among the more notable purchases was General Transistor in 1960 , which led to GI becoming a major producer of transistors , and later , integrated circuits ( ICs ) . By the late 1960s , the company was mostly depending on sales into the television industry , which was further bolstered by the 1967 purchase of Jerrold Electronics .
The company changed markets continually . Through the 1970s they focussed mostly on the off-track betting market through their purchase of American Totalisator , but this market faced significant competition in the late 1970s . At this time , GI became well known for their IC 's including the CP1600 used in the Mattel Intellivision game console , the AY-3-8910 series of sound chips that were used in a huge variety of designs , and the PIC microcontrollers which remain in production . They also became increasingly active in the cable television field , emerging as the primary supplier into this market by the late 1980s . They sold off their IC division to form Microchip Technology in 1987 , leaving them almost entirely dependant on the television market .
GI became a major leader in the development of high definition television . As this market began to saturate , the company split into three parts in 1997 ; CommScope took the cable infrastructure products , NextLevel the consumer television side , and General Semiconductor the power electronics products . NextLevel took over the GI name the next year . This new GI was purchased by Motorola in 2000 , which was in turn purchased by Google who spun out the television side to ARRIS . ARRIS was then purchased by CommScope in 2018 , once again bringing together all of GI 's original television divisions . General Semiconductor continues to operate separately .
History
Shapiro era
The company initially formed in New York City in 1923 as an electronics manufacturer .
In the 1950s , the company president Moses Shapiro began buying a variety of electronics companies , mostly from the New York area . An early purchase was F. W. Sickles Company , a radio manufacturer , which was fully merged in 1951 . In April 1957 they added Radio Receptor Company , in 1959 Harris Transducer , and among their more notable purchases , closed General Transistor in 1960 . Most of these were left to operate as wholly-owned but independent divisions . The buying continued through the 1960s , added Signalite in 1966 and Universal Controls and American Totalisator in 1967 . A more major purchase was Jerrold Electronics in December 1967 , which became the company 's consumer-facing brand for television-related products , mostly through their cable television products .
1970 saw a series of layoffs and downsizing as the poorly performing parts of the conglomerate began to drag down profits . As part of this , the company 's interest in several cable television stations were sold off , mostly through their Jerrold division . As soon as the company 's financials improved , the buying spree started anew , buying another five companies by 1975 . This had turned them into a $ 500-million-a-year company , but left them deeply in debt .
Hickey era
Shapiro retired in 1975 and was replaced by Frank Hickey , who focused the company on its two most profitable markets , cable television and gaming . The gaming market was primarily through their purchase of American Totalisator , who ran racetrack systems . GI expanded this into off-track betting and by 1979 they supplied 90 % of all the off-track systems in North America .
By 1980 , Hickey had managed to sell off most of the poorly-performing divisions and company debt had been reduced from 100 % of assets to 20 % . The success with American Totalisator began to wane as other companies , notably Control Data and Datatrol , began to push down profits . But any losses in this market were overshadowed by the massive expansion of cable television , which quickly took over from the betting systems as the company 's primary profit center . In October 1982 they won a $ 100 million contract to supply over 300 cable TV stations with head end systems .
Through the mid-1980s the company suffered a series of reversals . Looking for new markets , in 1986 they bought M/A-COM 's cable division . M/A-COM had earlier purchased VideoCipher , who had developed the industry-standard system for scrambling and decoding satellite television signals , VideoCipher II . This product took some time to start to sell , but by 1987 they were seeing demand outstrip supply . By the end of the year they had total sales of $ 1.16 billion . This success was short-lived , and by 1990 they were once again operating at a loss .
Rumsfeld era
In August 1990 , the company was purchased in a friendly leveraged buyout of $ 1.6 billion by the FLGI Holding . In October 1990 , they announced that Hickey would be replaced by Donald Rumsfeld . They sold off several divisions to cut overhead . The company then began investing heavily in the emerging high definition television ( HDTV ) market . To continue operations they laid off large numbers of staff , mostly at the headquarters . In 1992 they demonstrated their HDTV system and won a contract for 100,000 compressors . This led Rumsfeld to launch an initial public offering in 1993 , after which they left the company in August .
Breakup
The HDTV market stabilized the company for a time , but by the mid-90s other entrants were once again eroding the company 's profits . In 1997 the company split into three parts , General Semiconductor ( power electronics ) , CommScope ( cable infrastructure ) and NextLevel Systems ( cable and satellite systems ) . NextLevel took over the GI name in February 1998 . The `` new '' GI was purchased by Motorola in January 2000 for $ 17 billion and became the new Broadband Communication Sector ( BCS ) along with an acquisition of Zenith Network Systems a few months later .
NextLevel Systems , the former GI cable and satellite TV division , took over the General Instrument name in February 1998 . The new ( post-split ) GI Corporation was acquired by Motorola in January 2000 for $ 17 billion and became the new Broadband Communication Sector ( BCS ) along with an acquisition of Zenith Network Systems a few months later . After being called Connected Home Solutions , it was renamed Home and Networks Mobility in 2007 . When Motorola split on January 4 , 2011 , this division became part of Motorola Mobility . On December 19 , 2012 , ARRIS announced that it would acquire Motorola Mobility 's Home unit ( the former General Instrument company ) from Google for $ 2.35 billion in cash and stock . The acquisition was completed on April 17 , 2013 . On November 8 , 2018 , CommScope announced that it would acquire ARRIS in a cash deal valued at $ 7.4 billion including the repayment of debt . This acquisition brings back together two of the former General Instrument companies from the 1997 split .
Moses Shapiro , father of former Monsanto head Robert B. Shapiro , was Chairman from 1969 to 1975 . Frank G. Hickey served as chief executive officer from 1975 to 1990 , as did Donald Rumsfeld from 1990 to 1993 .
VideoCipher Division
General Instrument produced receivers for old C and Ku band satellites . They also produced Videocipher units as well as digital equipment . 4DTV was a system for picking up free and encrypted analog and digital satellite subscription channels . It also included an interactive guide . The product line included :
2700 Series : on screen displays , C/Ku switching , digital sound , satellite memory increases with the model number .
2600 Series : similar to 2400 except with on-screen displays .
2400/2500 Series : There were no on-screen displays : everything was controlled from the remote and front panel . Two alphanumeric displays indicated the current satellite and transponder . A GI 2000PS was needed to use a dish motor . Digital Stereo Audio was available on VideoCipher channels , C/Ku compatible . The 2400 was re-branded in the early 1990s by Rural Cable and sold with a fixed C band dish pointed at Galaxy 5 .
350 Regular : simple receiver with a separate dish mover ( some will have a stationary G5 satellite ) .
350i Super : extensive on-screen displays , 50 satellites ( C or Ku with external switch ) , digital sound .
450i/550i/650i : extensive on-screen displays , C/Ku pre-programmed satellites , digital sound , extras .
4DTV : interactive program guide , two favorite lists , C/Ku band , many other features .
InfoCipher 1500P : an early satmodem used with one-way data services , such as X * Press X * Change .
American Totalisator Corporation/AmTote
American Totalisator was a division of General Instrument Corp . It manufactured tote boards for the horse racing industry . It is now owned by horse-track operator Magna Entertainment Corporation .
Underseas Lab ( Harris ASW )
Underseas Lab , a division of General Instrument Corp. , located in Westwood , Massachusetts . It invented and manufactured multibeam sonars used in ocean floor mapping . It was acquired by Channel Technologies and is now owned by L-3 Communications .
Jerrold
Jerrold was GI 's original cable TV brand , active from 1948 into the early 1990s . Around 1993 , GI dropped the Jerrold name from their product lines . The Jerrold brand was prominent on both addressable and non-addressable cable TV converter boxes that were used on non-cable ready sets and cable-ready sets with premium pay services . `` Jerrold '' is the middle name of the company 's founder , Milton Jerrold Shapp , who became Pennsylvania 's 40th governor in 1971 . Shapp 's given name was Milton Shapiro .
GI Microelectronics
GI Microelectronics was a manufacturer of LSI circuits and a pioneer in MOS technology and Electrically Alterable ROM ( EAROM ) , with both off-the-shelf and custom circuits . GI spun the division off as Microchip Technology in 1987 .
In 1980 , their product catalog included :
16-bit Microprocessor : CP1600 and 1610 , a 16-bit CPU , used in the GIMINI TV-game set and in Mattel 's Intellivision
8-bit Microcontroller : the PIC1650 , an NMOS chip . The CMOS version of this chip is the basis of today 's PIC microcontrollers .
ROM
EAROM
Telecommunication chips
Other products included the famous AY-3-8910/11/12/14 series of sound chips , the AY-3-85xx , 86xx , 87xx series of game chips and a single-chip speech synthesizer , the SP0256 Narrator . A version of the SP0256 appeared in Mattel 's Intellivoice . The popular SP0256-AL2 variant came with a set of allophones built in .
In 1965 , Frank Wanlass moved to General Instrument Microelectronics Division in New York . Wanlass and other GI engineers promoted four-phase logic throughout the industry . J. L. Seely , manager of MOS Operations at General Instrument Microelectronics Division , also wrote about four-phase logic in late 1967 .
See also
GTE mainStreet
General Instrument ( disambiguation )
References
Private equity portfolio companies
Semiconductor companies of the United States
SM UB-131 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy ( ) during World War I . They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 4 July 1918 as SM UB-131 .
UB-131 was surrendered to the Allies at Harwich on 21 November 1918 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany . They were wrecked near Bulverhythe on 9 Jan 21 while in-tow from Harwich to Falmouth to take part in explosive trials . The wreck was sold to F. Ray & Sons on 23 May 1921 for £655 , and was broken up in situ .
Construction
They were built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction , launched at Bremen on 4 June 1918 . UB-131 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Kptlt . Gerhard Schulz . Like all Type UB III submarines , UB-131 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun . UB-131 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-131 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged . Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged .
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen ( state )
Barbara Emile is a British television producer . Emile contributed to the BBC soap opera EastEnders for several years . They first started working on the serial as script editor underneath producer Leonard Lewis , and they began producing the programme in 1992 . Following the departure of Lewis in 1994 , Emile was promoted to Executive Producer . Storylines that aired under their tenure included Sharongate , Nigel and Debbie Bates ' wedding ( an on-screen celebration that aired to mark the show 's 1000th episode ) , and Ricky Butcher 's love triangle with best friends Bianca Jackson and Natalie Price . Barbara cast actor Barbara Windsor as Peggy Mitchell . Innovating the writing talent , Emile introduced a pioneering structure to develop writing talent , led by Tony Jordan , Tony McHale , Ashley Pharaoh and Matthew Graham . In 1994 Emile took the programme from twice a week to three times per week . Under Emile 's flight attendantship they led the series onto achieve ratings of 23 million viewers . Characters introduced included Tiffany Raymond , Roy and Barry Evans . They remained with EastEnders till early 1995 and was succeeded by Corinne Hollingworth .
Them producing credits have since included BBC drama series Madson ( 1996 ) , which starred Ian McShane . It told the story of an ex-prisoner who was wrongly imprisoned for murder , who then tries to get legal revenge on the police who framed him . In 2007 they produced various episodes for the popular BBC medical drama Holby City for which they were awarded a BAFTA in 2008 .
Working with Sir Lenny Henry , Barbara Emile is now the Managing Director and Creative Director of Douglas Road Productions .
References
External links
English television producers
British women television producers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
is a professional Japanese baseball player . They play pitcher for the Chunichi Dragons .
Career
Amateur career
Kashara was admitted to Niigata University of Health and Welfare without consideration for their baseball talent and was able to , over time , increase their velocity from throwing in the mid 130s ( km/h ) to throwing in the high 140s ( km/h ) .In the 2016 university fall league , they achieved a 0.72 ERA , claimed the most wins title and was chosen in the Best 9 .
Chunichi Dragons
Kasahara was the 4th pick for the Chunichi Dragons at the 2016 Nippon Professional Baseball draft .
International career
On October 10 , 2018 , they were selected Japan national baseball team at the 2018 MLB Japan All-Star Series .
References
1995 births
Living people
Chunichi Dragons players
Japanese baseball players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Baseball people from Niigata Prefecture
Leslie G Desmangles is an author and college professor focusing their research on Haiti and religion .
Leslie G. Desmangles was born in Port-au-Prince ( Haiti ) on September 28 , 1941 . Professor Desmangles graduated from Eastern University in 1964 with a B.A . in Music , from Palmer Seminary in Philadelphia with an M. Div . in Theology , and from Temple University in 1975 with a Ph.D. in Anthropology of Religion , specializing in the Caribbean and African Studies . They have been a professor at Trinity College since 1978 and is currently the Charles A. Dana Research Professor of Religion and International Studies . Leslie G. Desmangles has received awards from the Connecticut General Assembly and Governor John G. Rowland for commitment and service to the state of Connecticut , the Teacher of the Year award from the Haitian American Alliance and was honored by U.S . Ambassador William Swing in recognition for contributions in promoting mutual understanding between Haiti and the United States
Leslie Desmangles won the 1994 Choice Outstanding Academic Book Award for their book The Faces of the Gods : Vodou and Roman Catholicism in Haiti .
Publications
Desmangles , Leslie G. “ African Interpretations of the Christian Vodou Cross. ” In Invisible Powers : Vodou in Haitian Life and Culture . New York : Palgrave Macmillan , chapter 3 , 2006 .
Desmangles , Leslie G. `` Creolization of Religion . '' In Encyclopedia of Religion . Vol . 3 , New York : The Macmillan Company , p. 2065–2069 , 2005 .
Desmangles , Leslie G. `` Vodou . '' In Encyclopedia of Religious Rituals . New York : Routledge , p. 437-440 , 2003 .
Desmangles , Leslie G. `` Understanding Caribbean Religions . '' In Understanding the Contemporary Caribbean . Lynne Rienner Publishers , Chapter 10 , 2004 .
Desmangles , Leslie G. , associate editor . Encyclopedia of African and African American Religions . New York : Routledge , 2001 .
Desmangles , Leslie G. Haiti in the Global Context . Edited inaugural issue of Journal of Haitian Studies , 1995 .
Desmangles , Leslie G. , and Etzel Cardeña . `` Trance Possession , Vodou Rituals and Psychotherapy in Haiti . '' In Jahrbuch fur Transkulturelle Medizin und Psychotherapie . Internationalen Instituts fur Kulturvergleichende Therapieforschung , Universitat Koblenz/ Landau , Nr 6 . December 1995 , pp . 297–307 .
Desmangles , Leslie G. The Faces of the Gods : Vodou and Roman Catholicism in Haiti . Chapel Hill and London : University of North Carolina Press . ( A 1994 Choice outstanding academic book ) .
References
1941 births
Living people
People from Port-au-Prince
Haitian anthropologists
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Wild Knoll , Bastien Range
Willan Saddle , Livingston Island
Wörner Gap , Livingston Island
Wulfila Glacier , Greenwich Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica . Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia , 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart . Antarctica : An Encyclopedia . Jefferson , N.C. and London : McFarland , 2011 . 1771 pp .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian Names in Antarctica . Sofia : Manfred Wörner Foundation , 2021 . Second edition . 539 pp . ( in Bulgarian )
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Respect is a 1967 album by the American jazz organist Jimmy Smith .
On the Billboard albums chart , Respect peaked at number 60 on the Billboard 200 , at 3 on the top R & B albums chart and at 5 on the top Jazz albums chart .
Reception
Billboard magazine chose Respect as one of their 'Jazz Spotlight ' albums for their 30 September 1967 issue and commented that :
AllMusic 's review by Scott Yanow stated that Smith :
Track listing
`` Mercy , Mercy , Mercy '' ( Joe Zawinul ) – 6:30
`` Respect '' ( Otis Redding ) – 2:12
`` Funky Broadway '' ( Arlester `` Dyke '' Christian ) – 6:39
`` T-Bone Steak '' ( Jimmy Smith ) – 7:24
`` Get Out of My Life Woman '' ( Allen Toussaint ) – 8:50
Personnel
Musicians
Jimmy Smith – organ
Eric Gale – guitar
Thornel Schwartz – guitar
Bob Bushnell – double bass
Ron Carter – double bass
Bernard `` Pretty '' Purdie – drums
Grady Tate – drums
Technical
Creed Taylor – producer
Rudy Van Gelder – engineer
Val Valentin – director of engineering
Jack Anesh – cover design
Irv Elkin – cover photography
A . B. Spellman – liner notes
Chart performance
Album
References
1967 albums
Jimmy Smith ( musician ) albums
Albums produced by Creed Taylor
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Verve Records albums
In mathematics , a quantum or quantized enveloping algebra is a q-analog of a universal enveloping algebra . Given a Lie algebra , the quantum enveloping algebra is typically denoted as . Among the applications , studying the limit led to the discovery of crystal bases .
The case of
Michio Jimbo considered the algebras with three generators related by the three commutators
When , these reduce to the commutators that define the special linear Lie algebra . In contrast , for nonzero , the algebra defined by these relations is not a Lie algebra but instead an associative algebra that can be regarded as a deformation of the universal enveloping algebra of .
References
External links
Quantized enveloping algebra at the nLab
Quantized enveloping algebras at at MathOverflow
Does there exist any `` quantum Lie algebra '' imbedded into the quantum enveloping algebra ? at MathOverflow
Quantum groups
Representation theory
Mathematical quantization
Androscoggin County ( French : Comté d'Androscoggin ) is a county in the U.S. state of Maine . As of the 2020 census , the county 's population was 111,139 . Its county seat is Auburn .
Androscoggin County comprises the Lewiston-Auburn , Maine Metropolitan Statistical Area and is partially included in the Lewiston-Auburn , Maine , Metropolitan New England City and Town Area . It is also a part of the Portland-Lewiston-South Portland , Maine Combined Statistical Area .
Bates College is in the Androscoggin County city of Lewiston .
History
Demand for a new county emerged when the residents of the rapidly growing town of Lewiston complained of the long distance they had to travel to reach Wiscasset , the county seat of Lincoln County , in which Lewiston was originally located . It was also an impractical circumstance as Lewiston 's neighbor , Auburn , was part of Cumberland County . As the growing partnership of the two towns emerged , the case for the towns to be in the same county grew . Different plans were discussed , including Lewiston joining Cumberland County . Eventually , the idea of a new county came to the table . The debate then became over which town would be the center of the new county . Bath , Brunswick , and Lewiston each desired the distinction . Lewiston eventually won the debate . Androscoggin County was created in 1854 from towns originally in Cumberland County , Lincoln County , Kennebec County , and Oxford County .
The next issue centered on where to put the county seat , as both Lewiston and Auburn desired to be named the county seat . It would eventually be put to a vote , with both towns putting different offers on the table , including ideas to cut the costs of the new county buildings for surrounding towns . Auburn would eventually win a convincing victory , with the towns on each side of the river voting for the town on their side . As more people then lived to the west of the Androscoggin River , Auburn won the vote .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 5.9 % ) is water . It is the second-smallest county in Maine by total area .
Adjacent counties
Franklin County – north
Kennebec County – northeast
Sagadahoc County – southeast
Cumberland County – south
Oxford County – west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 103,793 people , 42,028 households , and 27,192 families living in the county . The population density was 221 people per square mile ( 85/km2 ) . There were 45,960 housing units at an average density of 98 per square mile ( 38/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 96.98 % White , 0.66 % Black or African American , 0.27 % Native American , 0.55 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 0.28 % from other races , and 1.22 % from two or more races . 0.95 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 24.5 % were of French Canadian , 19.4 % French , 14.3 % English , 9.7 % United States or American and 8.4 % Irish ancestry . 9.6 % of the population speak French and 1.5 % of the population speak Spanish at home .
Of the 42,028 households 30.90 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.60 % were married couples living together , 10.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 35.30 % were non-families . 28.30 % of households were one person and 11.00 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.91 .
The age distribution was 23.90 % under the age of 18 , 9.10 % from 18 to 24 , 29.70 % from 25 to 44 , 22.90 % from 45 to 64 , and 14.40 % 65 or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 94.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.20 males .
The median household income was $ 35,793 and the median family income was $ 44,082 . Males had a median income of $ 31,622 versus $ 22,366 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,734 . About 7.50 % of families and 11.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.80 % of those under age 18 and 11.00 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
At the 2010 census , there were 107,702 people , 44,315 households , and 28,045 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 49,090 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.8 % white , 3.6 % black or African American , 0.7 % Asian , 0.4 % American Indian , 0.4 % from other races , and 2.0 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5 % of the population . The largest ancestry groups were as follows : 21.2 % cited English ancestry , 20.5 % French Canadian , 20.1 % French ( not counted in the previous group ) , 15.5 % Irish , 8.1 % German , and 5.0 % American .
Of the 44,315 households , 30.2 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 45.8 % were married couples living together , 12.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 36.7 % were non-families , and 28.3 % of households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.88 . The median age was 39.8 years .
The median household income was $ 44,470 and the median family income was $ 55,045 . Males had a median income of $ 41,554 versus $ 31,852 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 22,752 . About 9.7 % of families and 14.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 20.0 % of those under age 18 and 12.4 % of those age 65 or over .
Media
Newspapers
The Sun Journal prints a daily newspaper in four different editions statewide . The Sun Journal was the recipient of the 2008 New England Daily Newspaper of the Year and the 2009 Maine Press Association Newspaper of the Year .
Politics
Presidential elections
In Presidential elections , Androscoggin County is considered a `` swing area '' by most political standards , with a fairly even split between Democratic and Republican voters . It was the only county in Maine to be won by Democrats Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and George McGovern in 1972 . Jimmy Carter also carried the county twice . In 1984 and 1988 , it went for Republican candidates Ronald Reagan and George H.W . Bush , who also won the state of Maine . However , the county narrowly swayed in favor of Republican Donald Trump for both the 2016 and 2020 elections ; even as the state as a whole was won by Democrats Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden , respectively .
| }
State politics
In 2012 , the county voted 54 % against Maine Question 1 , 2012 – a measure to legalize same-sex marriage , but the referendum passed in the state by 53 % .
County government
Androscoggin County is governed by an elected county commission consisting of seven members representing single-member districts . Currently , the county commissioners are :
Voter registration
Incorporated towns and cities
Auburn
Durham
Greene
Leeds
Lewiston
Lisbon
Livermore
Livermore Falls
Mechanic Falls
Minot
Poland
Sabattus
Turner
Wales
Census-designated places
Greene
Lisbon
Lisbon Falls
Livermore Falls
Mechanic Falls
Sabattus
Turner
Economy
Some agriculture exists here . Androscoggin is especially known for poultry ranking # 1 in the state for the poultry and egg category from 77 producing farms . The county is also top in the state for hog and pig production .
See also
Androscoggin Creature
Lisbon School Department
National Register of Historic Places listings in Androscoggin County , Maine
References
External links
Androscoggin County Chamber of Commerce
Maine Local Government – County of Androscoggin page
Maine counties
Maine placenames of Native American origin
1854 establishments in Maine
Populated places established in 1854
Jessica Renee Holmes ( born November 17 , 1976 ) is an American television personality . They were the co-host of the popular Nickelodeon TV series Slime Time Live . They are currently a morning news anchor of the KTLA Morning News in Los Angeles .
Career
Jessica Holmes was an intern for Nickelodeon in 1999 when they were approached by a producer in a hallway at the network and was asked if they would like to appear on air . They agreed and six months later they began co-hosting the show Slime Time Live . Slime Time Live ran for eight seasons between 2000 and 2004 .
In 2003 , Holmes was hired to host Bragging Rights for the OLN cable network ( formerly Outdoor Life Network ) . Bragging Rights was a 13-episode reality television show and Holmes served as the host .
Following their brief stint on OLN , Holmes decided to relocate to Los Angeles to further their television career . At the time of their move they did not have a new job . Them agent submitted an application for Holmes to appear in a KTLA Morning News competition called `` The Audition '' . `` The Audition '' was a segment on the KTLA Morning News that was a game show competition . The winner of the competition was reportedly going to be the new weathercaster on the show . Holmes won the competition which was determined by viewer votes .
After winning the competition at KTLA Morning News , Holmes began doing weather segments on the show . A month later , Holmes was hired as a helicopter-based traffic reporter for the show . After two years of reporting traffic , Holmes was tapped to co-host a new 9 am news show . Holmes later expanded their duties to include co-hosting the 7 am KTLA Morning News broadcast , replacing Michaela Pereira . In addition , they regularly host the preshows for the Primetime Emmy Awards as well as the Oscars .
Personal life
Holmes lives in Los Angeles and is married to Arie Solomon . They gave birth to a son , Levi , on October 8 , 2015 . Holmes gave birth to their second child , Theo , on May 3 , 2022 .
References
External links
Talent Bio , KTLA Website
1976 births
Journalists from Ohio
Living people
Television anchors from Los Angeles
Television personalities from Cleveland
University of Central Florida alumni
Sir George Browne ( died 1661 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Browne was the son of William Browne of Radford Semele , Warwickshire . They were admitted to Gray 's Inn in February 1619 .
In April 1660 , Browne was elected Member of Parliament for Warwickshire in the Convention Parliament . They were knighted on 30 June 1660 .
Browne died early in 1661.when the manors of Leamington and Radford Semele passed to their relative Elizabeth Throckmorton , wife of Sir William Throckmorton .
Browne married Mary Littleton , daughter of Sir Edward Littleton , 1st Baronet in 1636 when their father settled on them the manor of Leamington , with view of frank-pledge , and a water-mill . Following their death , they married Sir Robert Fisher , Bt .
References
Year of birth missing
1661 deaths
English MPs 1660
Members of Gray 's Inn
Rangunia Government College ( ) is a private college in Rangunia Upazila , Chittagong District , Bangladesh . It was founded in 1963 . It is the -- -- college established in Bangladesh after Chittagong College .
History
Rangunia College was established in the centre of Rangunia Upazilla in 1963 to spread the light of education in the north-east Chittagong . We would like to thank Mr. Hazi Moulana Ahmed , Mr. Wakil Ahmed Talukder , Dr. Binoy Vushon Dev and Mr. Shantosh Bhuson Das who made their great effort to establish this college . Thirty five kilometers away from Chittagong city this institution is situated on the bank of Karnaphuly surrounded by a panoramic view . With the help of local people specially the local patronizes of learning , social workers , political figures this institution have crossed a long way of fifty years successfully . This centre of learning started its activities in July 1963 with the H.S.C course . In 1965 its full journey was started as a Degree College after getting the approval from Dhaka University . Honours course in Political Science and Management have started recently .
The college code number is 4321 under National University . H.S.C code is 3525 . Secondary and Higher Education Directorate Code number is 0210043201 .
This centre of learning is working as a lighthouse of the people of hill tracts and the remote areas of Chittagong from the very beginning . This institution is enriched with science laboratory , large library with a large number of books . For the mental development here is a “ Debating Club ” for the students . For physical development here is a large sports ground with basketball court that is very rare in the rural area . In the field of education , culture and sports this college has gained a unique position in Chittagong .
For the students there are five two-storied buildings covering two acres of land , one administrative building , residential area for the teachers and staffs , dormitory for the bachelor teachers , a large pond covering 01 acres of land , a large play ground of 023 acres . Besides this college is surrounded by 880 acres of cultivable land of its own.|Colleges in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
References
Colleges in Chittagong
Educational institutions established in 1963
1963 establishments in Pakistan
Scott Anthony Mitchell ( born August 4 , 1983 ) is a former professional gridiron football wide receiver who played in the Arena Football League and Canadian Football League . During their time in college , Mitchell finished their career by transferring to and playing for the Kentucky Wildcats . They are currently a free agent .
Early years
Mitchell played wide receiver at Clear Creek High School in League City , Texas , garnering unanimous All-District honors at the wide receiver position in the 2000 season before graduating from high school in 2001 .
College career
Mount San Antonio College
After sitting out a season at the University of New Mexico in 2001-02 , Mitchell transferred to Mount San Antonio College in Walnut , California in 2002 . Mitchell was a two-year starter at Mount SAC , compiling 1,288 receiving yards , 64 receptions and 11 touchdowns in 14 games .
Upon leaving the junior college and with choices that also included Arizona State , Oregon State and Texas A & M , they decided to finish their collegiate career at the University of Kentucky .
Kentucky
Mitchell finished their career at Kentucky with 53 catches , 671 total yards receiving and 3 touchdown receptions in 20 games in the 2004 and 2005 seasons .
Professional career
Berlin Thunder
Undrafted in the 2006 NFL Draft , Mitchell began their professional career when they were drafted by the Berlin Thunder of NFL Europa before the start of that league 's final season . However , they did not make the final roster cut and never recorded a statistic for the team .
New Orleans VooDoo
Mitchell landed in the Arena Football League , where they played for the New Orleans VooDoo in 2007 . During their only season with the VooDoo , Mitchell compiled 17 catches , 184 total yards receiving and 1 touchdown reception .
Hamilton Tiger-Cats
Mitchell then signed with the CFL 's Hamilton Tiger-Cats in 2008 , where they compiled 35 catches , 682 yards receiving and 2 touchdown receptions in 16 games . They were released from the Tiger-Cats just before the start of the next season and was briefly signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers later that year but never played for the franchise .
Personal
Mitchell is not currently with any team and resides in San Diego , California .
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1983 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Canadian football wide receivers
American players of Canadian football
Kentucky Wildcats football players
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
People from League City , Texas
New Orleans VooDoo players
People from Harbor City , Los Angeles
Sportspeople from Harris County , Texas
Fritzie Abadi ( 1915 – 2001 ) was an American painter , sculptor , and collage artist . Born in Aleppo , which was then part of the Ottoman Empire .
Biography
The daughter of a rabbi , Abadi lived in Palestine until they were nine years old . They then emigrated to New York City in 1924 . They won a drawing competition while attending Bay Ridge High School , and this fostered an early interest in art . They married at eighteen and moved to Oklahoma City , giving birth to two daughters and `` forgot about art '' . In 1945 they returned to Brooklyn , and in 1946 they enrolled in the Art Students League of New York ; there they studied under Nahum Tschacbasov .
Them work is included in several museum collections such as the Butler Institute of American Art , the Evansville Museum of Arts and Science , the Slater Memorial Museum , and the Georgia Museum of Art . They have also exhibited in many venues throughout their career .
They have also received several awards including the Acrylic Painting Award of the National Association of Women Artists ( 1974 ) and the Box Assemblage Award from the American Society of Contemporary Artists ( 1979 ) . They were a member of both institutions , serving on the board of the former in 1970 and as president of the latter from 1970 to 1972 ; they were on the board of the New York Society of Women Artists in 1980 , and was also a member of Women in the Arts and the Hudson River Contemporary Artists . A small collection of documentary material is owned by the Archives of American Art .
Artworks
Orange Sky , acrylic , 20 '' x 16 '' , 1974
References
1915 births
2001 deaths
20th-century American painters
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American painters
21st-century American sculptors
21st-century American women artists
American collage artists
Women collage artists
People from Aleppo
American people of Syrian-Jewish descent
Mandatory Palestine emigrants to the United States
Artists from New York City
Art Students League of New York alumni
Sculptors from New York ( state )
Amatory anatomy , sometimes referred to simply as `` anatomy , '' is a historical type of English poetry whereby the author describes their or their appreciation for their lover 's body parts . The person being described is usually female . This technique is similar to the poetic blason .
References
Poetry movements
British literary movements
Carenum submetallicum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by William John Macleay in 1871 .
References
submetallicum
Beetles described in 1871
Almirante Riveros ( FF-18 ) is a of the Chilean Navy . Built by the shipyard Koninklijke Schelde Groep in Vlissingen , the ship was previously in use by the Royal Netherlands Navy as HNLMS Tjerk Hiddes until 2006 .
Dutch service
HNLMS Tjerk Hiddes was one of six s that were built at the Koninklijke Schelde Groep in Vlissingen . The keel laying took place on 28 October 1986 and the launching on 9 December 1989 . The ship was put into service on 26 February 1993 .
In June 1994 the ship participated in the BALTOPS 94 naval exercise with vessels from several other navies .
During their time with the Dutch navy they operated in the Atlantic ocean and the Caribbean Sea and took part in Operation Enduring Freedom around the Arabian Peninsula and Operation Active Endeavour in Mediterranean Sea .
On 3 February 2006 the vessel was decommissioned and sold to the Chilean Navy .
Chilean service
The ship was put into service in April 2007 where the ship was renamed Almirante Riveros . {
In November 2015 the ship participated in Exercise UNITAS Atlantic 2015 off the coast of Brazil , with vessels from several other navies .
Footnotes
External links
Nederlandse-marine.nl
mindef.nl
1989 ships
Karel Doorman-class frigates
Karel Doorman-class frigates of the Chilean Navy
The flame-breasted sunbird ( Cinnyris solaris ) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae .
It is found on Timor and other islands , primarily in the Indonesian province of Nusa Tenggara Timur .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
BirdLife International 2004 . Nectarinia solaris . 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . Downloaded on 26 July 2007 .
flame-breasted sunbird
Birds of Timor
flame-breasted sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Active Islamic Youth ( ) was a small youth organization based in Bosnia and Herzegovina . It was active in the Bosnian postwar period . According to some media reports , it was described as a front for the Saudi High Commission for Relief and the Al-Haramain Islamic Foundation .
AIO was the first publisher of the Islamic magazine Saff , with an estimated circulation of 9,000 .
The AIO was launched after the 1992-1995 Bosnian war , when a group of young Bosnian Muslims decided to form the organization to promote the Islamic teachings they learned from the Arab volunteers who fought on the Bosnian side during the war . The volunteers were also Islamic missionaries . They distributed Islamic literature . Some of the literature tend to designate dozens of habits of the Bosnian Muslims that had nothing to do with the Wahabi teachings and that had to be corrected . These Arab fighters and missionaries influenced some of the young Bosniaks who joined the Bosnian Mujahideen during the war . After the war , these young people went on to form AIO .
AIO 's mission is to awaken the religious feelings of Bosnian Muslims - who , the organization believes , have been deprived of the real Islam for too long , first by the Communist regime of the former Yugoslavia , and later by the traditional mainstream Bosnian Muslims . The AIO emphasises that it aspires to original Islamic teachings as preached by Mohammed , and that it does not accept any `` novelties '' in Islam . Members of the AIO are known for their atypical way of praying , and for their Middle-East-style clothes and long beards . The men do not shake hands with women , and the women wear headscarves in public .
People associated with AIO are reported to have behaved violently , including during demonstrations . Leaders of AIO are said to have made inflammatory statements in which they criticized Bosnian Muslims for accepting too many habits of their Christian neighbours . On 24 December 2002 a young Muslim fanatic , Muamer Topalović , shot three members of a Croat returnee family in Konjic , 80 km south of Sarajevo . Topalovic , who confessed to the killing , said that they wanted to do something against Croats . They were subsequently arrested and sentenced to 35 years in prison . Police said that Topalovic told them during the investigation that they were a member of AIO . That was later proven false . AIO leaders , however , acknowledged the possibility that Topalovic might have attended some of the courses the group organized .
After 11 September 2001 , Bosnian police have taken a keener interest in AIO 's activities . It became clear that some of the Arab teachers who had impressed AIO 's founders were potential threat . AIO premises were raided several times , and its finances were thoroughly audited . It has been established that AIO received donations in the past from large Saudi charities , such as the Al Haramain Foundation . In the fall of 2002 , U.S. authorities declared Al Haramain a sponsor of terrorist networks and froze its assets in the United States and Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Today , the number of people associated with AIO is shrinking . The organization is experiencing financial troubles , as many of its former donors have stopped sending money because of the bad reputation that AIO has acquired . It covers its expenses through internet clubs and from selling Islamic magazines and literature , but its future is uncertain .
References
Islamic political organizations
Islamic publishing companies
Outlaws of Time : The Song of Glory and Ghost is a 2017 young adult novel by N. D. Wilson , published by Katherine Tegen Books . It is the second book in the Outlaws of Time series , being a sequel to The Legend of Sam Miracle .
Common Sense Media called it a `` wild , exciting ride , especially for tween readers . '' Kirkus Reviews pointed out its `` free-and-easy use of indigenous tropes , '' and a Peter Pan theme which `` mainly serves to cement some retrograde gender roles . ''
References
2017 American novels
2017 fantasy novels
American young adult novels
Children 's fantasy novels
Novels by N. D. Wilson
Katherine Tegen Books books
Angela Elizabeth Douglas ( born 1956 ) is a British entomologist who researches insect nutrition , and is known for their research on symbiotic relationships between insects and microorganisms . They have been the Daljit S. and Elaine Sarkaria Professor of Insect Physiology and Toxicology at Cornell University , Ithaca , New York , since 2008 , and previously held a chair at the University of York ( 2003–8 ) .
Biography
Douglas gained their BA in zoology from the University of Oxford ( 1978 ) and their PhD from the University of Aberdeen ( 1981 ) . They held postdoctoral positions at the University of Oxford ( 1981–85 ) and the University of East Anglia ( 1985–86 ) . They then held a Royal Society research fellowship ( 1986–96 ) , researching at the John Innes Institute ( 1986–87 ) and the University of Oxford ( 1987–92 ) , before joining the University of York in 1992 . They remained at York , serving successively as senior lecturer ( 1996–99 ) and reader ( 1999–2003 ) , before being appointed to a personal chair at the university in 2003 . They moved to the United States in 2008 , becoming the Daljit S. and Elaine Sarkaria Professor of Insect Physiology and Toxicology at Cornell University .
Them research is on the relationships between animals and their symbiotic microbes . Them the earliest papers were on the Roscoff worm , a flatworm that has a symbiotic relationship with algae . Them subsequent work has mainly focused on symbioses between insects and bacteria . A major focus since the mid-1980s has been the question of how insects that feed exclusively on plant phloem , such as aphids , survive even though their food source lacks essential nutrients . They were the first to prove that the aphids receive essential amino acids from symbiotic bacteria . Them group also researches gut microbiota in Drosophila .
Douglas is an elected fellow of the Royal Entomological Society and the Entomological Society of America ( 2011 ) , and won the latter 's Recognition Award in Insect Physiology , Biochemistry , and Toxicology in 2015 . They also won Kiel University 's inaugural Karl August Möbius Fellowship in 2017 . They have written several books , including The Symbiotic Habit ( 2010 ) , and is the co-editor with Stephen J. Simpson of the fifth edition of R. F. Chapman 's The Insects : Structure and Function . They were the editor of the Annual Review of Entomology ( 2019–21 ) .
Selected publications
Books
Angela E. Douglas , Fundamentals of Microbiome Science ( Princeton University Press ; 2018 )
R. F. Chapman , The Insects : Structure and Function , 5th edn , Stephen J. Simpson , Angela E. Douglas ( eds ) , ( Cambridge University Press ; 2013 ) ( )
Angela E. Douglas , The Symbiotic Habit ( Princeton University Press ; 2010 )
Angela E. Douglas , Symbiotic Interactions ( Oxford University Press ; 1994 )
Reviews
Research papers
References
External link
Biography at Cornell University
1956 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Academics of the University of York
Cornell University faculty
British entomologists
Women entomologists
Fellows of the Royal Entomological Society
Annual Reviews ( publisher ) editors
Symbiogenesis researchers
Artur Adson ( – 5 January 1977 ) was an Estonian poet , writer and theatre critic .
Early years
Artur Adson ( born Karl Arthur Adson ) was born in Tartu and attended school in Tartu , Sänna and Võru . After graduating they first studied surveying in Pskov . In 1925-26 , they studied literature at the University of Tartu . Artur Adson was a surveyor , journalist and theater critic in Estonia and Russia . They met their future wife Marie Under in 1913 and were married in 1927 .
Literary career
From 1917 Artur Adson was a member of the Siuru literary movement , which exerted great influence on the Estonian literature . Later Adson was also active in the Tarapita movement . In addition , Adson was one of the most outstanding poets in the Võro language of southern Estonia . As an often conservative theatrical and literary critic , they exercised influence on the cultural scene of the Republic of Estonia .
Exile
With the Soviet occupation of Estonia Artur Adson and their wife fled into exile to Sweden . There , they found employment as an archivist . Both continued their interest in the Estonian literature . Adson died in Stockholm , aged 87 . Both Adson and Under are interred at the Skogskyrkogården cemetery in Stockholm .
Poetry collections
Henge palangoq ( 1917 )
Vana laterna ( 1919 )
Roosikrants ( 1920 )
Kaduvik ( 1927 )
Katai , kibuvits nink kivi ( 1928 )
Pärlijõgi ( 1931 )
Lehekülg ajaraamatust ( 1937 )
Värsivakk ( selected , compiled and foreword by Ivar Grünthal ; 1959 )
Rahumäe kannel ( 1973 )
Luuletused ( compiled by Oskar Kruus ; 1990 )
Plays
Toomapäev ( 1928 )
Neli kuningat ( 1931 )
Lauluisa ja Kirjaneitsi ( 1930 )
Kolmas tee ( penned under the pseudonym Peeter Bollmann ; 1932 )
Iluduskuninganna ( 1933 )
Elav kapital ( 1934 )
Karu läheb mee lõksu ( 1936 )
Üks tuvi lendab merele ( 1937 )
Memoirs
Käsikivi ( 1922 )
Neli veskit ( 1946 )
Väikelinna moosekant ( 1946 )
Ise idas – silmad läänes ( 1948 )
Siuru-raamat ( 1949 )
Reisiraamat ( 1950 )
Lahkumine ( 1951 )
Kadunud maailm ( 1954 )
Theatre critiques and history
Das estnische Theater ( 1933 )
Vilet ja loorbereid ( 1938 )
Teatriraamat : ajalugu ja isiklikke kogemusi ( 1958 )
Children 's books
Nakits : lugu väikesest lõbusast ja targast koerast ( 1944 )
References
External links
Artur Adson at Estonian Writers ' Online Dictionary
1889 births
1977 deaths
People from Rõuge Parish
People from the Governorate of Livonia
Estonian male poets
20th-century Estonian poets
20th-century male writers
University of Tartu alumni
Estonian World War II refugees
Estonian emigrants to Sweden
Refugees in Sweden
Recipients of the Order of the White Star , 4th Class
Burials at Skogskyrkogården
Estonian critics
This list of churches in Halsnæs Municipality lists church buildings in Halsnæs Municipality , Denmark .
List
See also
Listed buildings in Gribskov Municipality
References
External links
Nordens kirker : Nordvestsjælland
Buildings and structures in Halsnæs Municipality
Lists of churches in Denmark
The Reform Party of Alberta is a defunct provincial political party in Alberta , Canada , that was registered with Elections Alberta . Its leader was David Salmon .
Early history
The party was registered by members of the former Reform Party of Canada on August 24 , 1989 not to contest general elections , but to contest elections held by the Government of Alberta to select nominees for the Senate of Canada , a body that is appointed by the Governor General of Canada on the recommendation of the Prime Minister .
The party contested Senate nominee elections , the 1989 Senate election and the 1998 Senate election . The Reform Party of Alberta nominated and ran only three candidates in its history : Stanley Waters , Ted Morton and Bert Brown .
The other and primary purpose was to keep Reform focused as a federal party instead of being distracted by provincial campaigns . Nonetheless , there was considerable agitation at this time by some Albertan Reform members to form an active provincial party that could challenge Don Getty 's unpopular Progressive Conservative government . In some opinion polls , the dormant Reform Party actually placed ahead of the Tories . When Ralph Klein was elected to lead the PCs in 1992 , enthusiasm for an alternative right wing party that might split the vote with the Tories and benefit the surging Liberals quickly faded .
Unlike what is the case in most Canadian provinces , an Albertan political party did not lose its registration if it does not nominate candidates during a general election , de-registration only happens if the party ceases to file financial statements with the electoral office . The Reform Party did not nominate any candidates for election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 2004 Alberta general election , due to a change in the rules the party registration was withdrawn by the chief electoral officer .
The federal Reform Party 's successor , the Canadian Alliance , was also not interested in forming provincial wings , but unlike Reform , the CA did not register the Alliance name with provincial electoral officers during its short history . As a result , a section of the Albertan CA membership formed the Alberta Alliance in 2002 . Unlike Reform , the Alberta Alliance was an active political party—it fielded a full slate of candidates in the 2004 general election , and won one seat in the Legislature .
The Reform Party of Alberta was deregistered after the election , along with the Equity Party .
List of Leaders
Preston Manning ( 1989 - 2000 )
David Salmon ( 2000 - 2004 )
1989 Senatorial financial statement
According to the official archives of Elections Alberta , in the 1989 Senate election , the Stan Waters campaign received $ 147,822 in campaign donations , $ 19,000 transferred from the Reform Party of Alberta , and $ 23,558.96 was from fundraising functions , for a total of $ 190,380.96 in campaign period revenue .
Expenses for the campaign were $ 197,641.00 , resulting in a deficit of $ 7,260.04 .
Note : Future party leader David Salmon was Stan Waters official agent .
See also
Reform Party of Ontario
List of Alberta political parties
Provincial political parties in Alberta
Political parties established in 1989
Political parties disestablished in 2004
Defunct political parties in Canada
Conservative parties in Canada
Reform Party of Canada
1989 establishments in Alberta
2004 disestablishments in Alberta
Chapter One is the first album by project Level 10 featuring Symphony X and Adrenaline Mob vocalist Russell Allen and bassist/producer Mat Sinner . It was released via Frontiers Records on January 23 , 2015 with Cry No More single lyric video and it was anticipated by single Blasphemy on December 15 , 2014 .
The lineup is completed by drummer Randy Black and guitar players Alex Beyrodt of Primal Fear , Roland Grapow of Masterplan and Alessandro Del Vecchio ( Hardline , Jorn , Edge of Forever ) on keyboards .
The album also features songs from Amanda Somerville , Carsten Schulz , Magnus Karlsson and Sander Gommans .
Track listing
All songs written by Russell Allen , Alex Beyrodt , Sander Gommans , Magnus Karlsson , Carsten Schulz , Mat Sinner , Amanda Somerville and Alessandro Del Vecchio .
Personnel
Russell Allen - vocals
Mat Sinner - bass guitar , backing vocals , producing
Musicians
Alex Beyrodt - guitars
Roland Grapow - guitars
Alessandro Del Vecchio - keyboards
Randy Black - drums , percussion
Additional personnel
Sander Gommans - guitar on track 5
Carsten Schulz - backing vocals on tracks 8
Magnus Karlsson - acoustic guitar on track 9
Serafino Perugino - executive producer
Achim Köhler - recording , mixing and mastering
References
2015 albums
Frontier Records albums
Sporting Clube de Portugal is a rugby team based in Lisbon , Portugal . During the 2012/13 season , they played in the II Divisão ( 2nd Division-3rd Portuguese tier ) of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby ( National Championship ) , ending the season as 2nd division champions and winning promotion to the 1ª Divisão '' ( 1st Division-2nd Portuguese tier ) for the 2013/2014 season .
Portuguese rugby union teams
Sporting CP sports
The main discussion of these abbreviations in the context of drug prescriptions and other medical prescriptions is at List of abbreviations used in medical prescriptions . Some of these abbreviations are best not used , as marked and explained here .
.
Latin abbreviations
This is a list of electoral districts or ridings in Canada for the Canadian federal elections of 1908 and 1911 . It includes the creation of the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan whose districts were re-aligned in 1907 . The Northwest Territories did not return any members .
Electoral Districts are constituencies that elect Members of Parliament in Canada 's House of Commons every election .
Nova Scotia – 18 seats
Annapolis
Antigonish
Cape Breton South
Colchester
Cumberland
Digby
Guysborough
Halifax *
Hants
Inverness
Kings
Lunenburg
North Cape Breton and Victoria
Pictou
Richmond
Shelburne and Queen 's
Yarmouth
Prince Edward Island – 4 seats
King 's
Prince
Queen 's *
New Brunswick – 13 seats
Carleton
Charlotte
City and County of St. John
City of St. John
Gloucester
Kent
King 's and Albert
Northumberland
Restigouche
Sunbury—Queen 's
Victoria
Westmorland
York
Quebec – 65 seats
Argenteuil
Bagot
Beauce
Beauharnois
Bellechasse
Berthier
Bonaventure
Brome
Chambly—Verchères
Champlain
Charlevoix
Châteauguay
Chicoutimi—Saguenay
Compton
Dorchester
Drummond—Arthabaska
Gaspé
Hochelaga
Huntingdon
Jacques Cartier
Joliette
Kamouraska
L'Assomption
L'Islet
Labelle
Laprairie—Napierville
Laval
Lévis
Lotbinière
Maisonneuve
Maskinongé
Mégantic
Missisquoi
Montcalm
Montmagny
Montmorency
Nicolet
Pontiac
Portneuf
Quebec County
Quebec East
Quebec West
Quebec-Centre
Richelieu
Richmond—Wolfe
Rimouski
Rouville
Shefford
Sherbrooke ( Town of )
Soulanges
St. Anne
St. Antoine
St. Hyacinthe
St. James
St. Johns—Iberville
St. Lawrence
St. Mary
Stanstead
Témiscouata
Terrebonne
Three Rivers and St. Maurice
Two Mountains
Vaudreuil
Wright
Yamaska
Ontario – 86 seats
Algoma East
Algoma West
Brant
Brantford
Brockville
Bruce North
Bruce South
Carleton
Dufferin
Dundas
Durham
Elgin East
Elgin West
Essex North
Essex South
Frontenac
Glengarry
Grenville
Grey East
Grey North
Grey South
Haldimand
Halton
Hamilton East
Hamilton West
Hastings East
Hastings West
Huron East
Huron South
Huron West
Kent East
Kent West
Kingston
Lambton East
Lambton West
Lanark North
Lanark South
Leeds
Lennox and Addington
Lincoln
London
Middlesex East
Middlesex North
Middlesex West
Muskoka
Nipissing
Norfolk
Northumberland East
Northumberland West
Ontario North
Ontario South
Ottawa ( City of ) *
Oxford North
Oxford South
Parry Sound
Peel
Perth North
Perth South
Peterborough East
Peterborough West
Prescott
Prince Edward
Renfrew North
Renfrew South
Russell
Simcoe East
Simcoe North
Simcoe South
Stormont
Thunder Bay and Rainy River
Toronto Centre
Toronto East
Toronto North
Toronto South
Toronto West
Victoria
Waterloo North
Waterloo South
Welland
Wellington North
Wellington South
Wentworth
York Centre
York North
York South
Manitoba – 10 seats
Brandon
Dauphin
Lisgar
Macdonald
Marquette
Portage la Prairie
Provencher
Selkirk
Souris
Winnipeg
Saskatchewan – 10 seats
Assiniboia
Battleford
Humboldt
Mackenzie
Moose Jaw
Prince Albert
Qu'Appelle
Regina
Saltcoats
Saskatoon
Alberta – 7 seats
Calgary
Edmonton
Macleod
Medicine Hat
Red Deer
Strathcona
Victoria
British Columbia – 7 seats
Comox—Atlin
Kootenay
Nanaimo
New Westminster
Vancouver City
Victoria City
Yale—Cariboo
Yukon – 1 seat
Yukon
* returned two members
1907-1914
Debden is a small rural village in the Uttlesford district of Essex in the East of England . It is located 4 miles ( 6 km ) from Saffron Walden and 17 miles ( 27 km ) from Cambridge .
RAF Debden is nearby and played a role in the Second World War .
Since 2007 the village has shared twin status with the village of Tang Ting in rural Nepal .
History
The village was recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as Depeduna ( deep valley ) , and became known as Debden at the time of the Napoleonic Wars .
After the Norman conquest the manor of Debden was granted to Ralph Peverel , but reverted to the crown after Peverel 's grandson , William Peverel the Younger , poisoned the Earl of Chester . King John later granted the manor to Geoffrey Fitzpeter , 1st Earl of Essex and it descended in that family until becoming Crown land again . Henry VIII granted it to Lord Audley , from whom it descended to their grandson , Thomas Howard , Baron Howard de Walden and Earl of Suffolk . It was acquired in 1715 by wealthy merchant Richard Chiswell , MP and remained in the Chiswell family for some 100 years . It then passed by marriage to the Vincent family who held it until 1882 when Mrs Cely-Trevilian , the last member of the family , sold it to William Fuller-Maitland of Stansted Mountfitchet Hall . By the First World War it had come into the possession of Lord Strathcona and Mount Royal . Later owners found Debden Hall too expensive to maintain , and so the house was demolished and part of the estate sold off in 1935 .
See also
The Hundred Parishes
References
External links
Debden Village Homepage
Tang Ting Twinning Association Homepage
Villages in Essex
Uttlesford
Neonatal Maladjustment Syndrome ( NMS ) is a syndrome where newborn foals exhibit uncommon behaviors , occurring in three to five percent of live births . These behaviors can include aimless wandering , hypersensitivity to loud sounds and brightness , weakness or coordination issues , and the incapability to nurse . Neonatal Maladjustment Syndrome is often referred to as Dummy Foal Syndrome by the equine community due to the aimlessness of the foals , nicknaming them “ wanderers ” or “ dummy foals ” .
Symptoms
Often symptoms of NMS do not always exhibit themselves immediately after birth , as foals will at first appear normal . Often it takes a number of hours for the foal 's odd behavior to become noticeable . These behaviors can include :
Inability to find udder or nurse
Incordination and staggering
Aimless wandering and not recognizing the mare
Limited flight reaction
Lack of a suckled reflex
Difficuly lying down
Hyper sensitivity to touch
Decreased reaction to touch
Licking , chewing or biting stall walls or feeders
In severe cases , a foal can start to experience seizures . These seizures range from short , mild lapses to longer , full body seizures .
Possible causes
Oxygenation
While it is unknown exactly what causes NMS , many vets and horse owners believe it is due to a lack of oxygen available to the foal during the very important perinatal period , which means shortly before , during or after the birth ( also known as foaling ) . This could stem from under oxygenated blood flow , decreased blood flow or damaged blood cells . The lack of oxygen could also come from early placenta detachment , where the placenta detaches from the uterus for a longer period of time than normal births . Many things could cause this detachment , although twin births , uterine or urinary infections , low blood pressure and other diseases increase the risk .
Neurosteroids
Another possible cause , as theorised and researched by the University of California , Davis School of Veterinary Medicine , could be neurosteroids that are essential and active while the foal is in utero . Foals receive stimulation of certain neurosteroids that keep them “ quiet ” during gestation . This is important for the health and safety of both mare and foal . If a foal were to move around similarly to humans during gestation , injuries and possible miscarriage could occur . These neurosteroids ensure that the foal remains relatively still in the womb . However , after the birth it is important that these neurosteroids stop . Horses are prey animals , with a strong flight response . If these neurosteroids continue to suppress the movement and reactions of a foal , it would be at a greater risk in the wild . Foals should be up and ready to run around shortly after birth , typically within a few hours . It is thought that the “ switch ” that changes these neurosteroids occurs during birth . While the foal is moving through the birth canal , the pressure exerted on the foal 's body acts as that switch . Most live births take between 20 and 40 minutes . It is during this time that the sedative neurosteroids stop production , signally the foal to “ wake up ” . This theory is supported by the discovery of sedative neurosteroids in the bloodstream of foals , shortly after birth , that develop NMS . The neurosteroids are capable of crossing the blood brain barrier . This allows them to affect the central nervous system of the foal .
Treatments
Early diagnosis and intervention is extremely important . Foals which do not nurse and obtain antibodies via colostrum from the mare are susceptible to infection . With treatment 80 % of foals recover and are behaviorally normal .
Intravenous Treatment
Treatment of the condition is supportive care . This may include stomach tubing the foal , intravenous fluids , antimicrobials for infection prevention , and assisting the foal to rise and nursing care .
Madigan Foal Squeeze Procedure
A novel treatment is recreating the birth canal pressures which are believed to signal the transition of in the womb brain function to post birth standing and bonding with the mare and nursing . This treatment uses series of ropes and knots wrapped around the foal 's chest , then pressure is applied for a set amount of time . This method was used in a research project at UC Davis to study the flopping reaction of foals . One of the researchers noted changes in neurosteroids during the rope squeeze and they wondered if that might be similar to birth canal pressures to signal transition to life outside the womb . The name Madigan Foal Squeeze Procedure comes from this research lead by a veterinary professor and expert on neonatal equine health named John Madigan . These ropes are applied around the midsection of the foal , and pressure is applied by pulling the ropes with a medium amount of pressure for about 20 minutes . This mimics the pressure felt during active birth . This is thought to help the brain neurosteroids signal the “ off switch ” for keeping the foal asleep in the womb for the 11 months of gestation .
The Madigan Squeese procedure is now used in calves , lambs , and crias .
Overall Goals
The main goals with any treatment for foals with NMS is to ensure proper nourishment in the early hours of life . Foals should begin nursing from the mare within the first couple of hours after birth . If they are not , a veterinary physician should be contacted immediately . Attempts at bottle feeding should be performed carefully to prevent aspiration pneumonia . Various treatments for the presumed cause being hypoxia have not improved outcomes versus supportive care . Foals with seizures need veterinary critical care treatment . In any case , an equine veterinarian should be called and consulted before any treatment is applied . With early intervention and appropriate treatment , studies show that up to 80 percent of foals diagnosed with NMS after birth can make a full recovery and mature into a fully functioning adult .
Connection to humans
The UC Davis School of Veterinary Medicine is currently leading the way in researching NMS in America . They not only looked deeply into possible causes and effective treatments , but also how this syndrome could provide answers to other issues . One standout connection to NMS comes from childhood autism spectrum disorder . The researchers noticed that many symptoms of NMS looked similar to the symptoms of childhood autism and illness . The tactile response from the foals seems to mimic some anecdotal stories of touch helping newborn babies with illnesses . This practice is becoming more and more widespread in the United States , often referred to as kangaroo care , a process where a newborn baby is immediately giving to the mother or father for skin-to-skin contact .
There is also precedent for further research into neurosteroids in humans . Past research has shown that there are similar neurosteroids concentrations in humans as seen in the foals that present with neonatal maladjustment syndrome .
This approach to possible links between human medical science and veterinary science is known as One Health .
Bibliography
Davis , U.C . `` UC Davis Global Health . '' One Health Institute
Aleman , M , et al . Survey of a Novel Physical Compression Squeeze Procedure for Management of Equine Neonatal Maladjustment Syndrome in Foals . Animals2017 , Sept ; 7 ( 9 ) : 69
Rossdale , PD . Clinical View of Equine Foetal Maturation . Equine Vet J . 25:14 ; 3–7 April 1993
Fletcher , Caitlin . “ The Complete Guide to Foal Care For Dummies. ” Hagyard , 2015
Bailey , Pat . “ Newborn Horses Give Clues to Autism. ” UC Davis , UC Davis Veterinary School of Medicine , 3 Feb. 2015
References
Horse diseases
Frederick III ( 1020 – 1033 ) was the Count of Bar and Duke of Upper Lorraine from the death of their father , Frederick II , in 1026 or 1027 to their own death . Their mother was Matilda of Swabia , daughter of Herman II , Duke of Swabia .
Their father had been co-duke since 1019 and their grandfather , Thierry I , continued to reign until their own death in 1027 or 1028 . Their reign is completely obscure . Even their regent is unknown . They died young and their county of Bar passed to their sister Sophie while Lorraine was given to Gothelo I , Duke of Lower Lorraine .
House of Bar
Counts of Bar
Dukes of Upper Lorraine
Rulers who died as children
Medieval child rulers
1020s births
1033 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Régis Brunet ( born 31 May 1956 ) is a French former professional tennis player .
Born in Marseille , Brunet had the best singles ranking of 205 in the world while competing on the professional tour in the 1970s and 1980s . They twice featured in the singles main draw of the French Open and lost in the first round both times , including in 1976 when they had a two-set lead over West German qualifier Frank Gebert .
Brunet has gone on to have a career in sports marketing and had a long association with IMG , acting early on as an agent for French players such as Guy Forget , Arnaud Boetsch and Thierry Tulasne . They have served as the tournament director of the Open Gaz de France and from 2004 to 2016 was Managing Director of IMG France .
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
French male tennis players
French sports agents
Tournament directors
Tennis players from Marseille
The 2017 Hawke 's Bay Cup was the 4th edition of the invitational Hawke 's Bay Cup competition . It took place between 31 March–9 April 2017 in Hastings , New Zealand . A total of four teams competed for the title .
New Zealand won the tournament for the second time after defeating Japan 3–0 in the final . Australia won the third place match by defeating United States 3–1 in a penalty shoot-out following a 1–1 draw .
Teams
Including New Zealand , 4 teams were invited by the New Zealand Hockey Federation to participate in the tournament .
Results
Pool
Classification
Third and fourth place
Final
Statistics
Final Standings
Goalscorers
3 goals
Madi Ratcliffe
Samantha Harrison
2 goals
Motomi Kawamura
Yuri Nagai
Brooke Neal
Kirsten Pearce
Alyssa Parker
Caitlin Van Sickle
1 goal
Laura Barden
Jane Claxton
Ashlea Fey
Kate Hanna
Jordyn Holzberger
Emily Smith
Yu Asai
Yudu Hazuki
Mami Karino
Yukari Mano
Kelsey Smith
Rose Keddell
Amy Robinson
Olivia Merry
Rachel McCann
Amanda Dinunzio
Melissa Gonzalez
Ashley Hoffman
Erin Matson
Kathleen Sharkey
Michelle Vittese
Jill Witmer
References
External links
2016
2017 in women 's field hockey
2017 in New Zealand women 's sport
2017 in Japanese women 's sport
2017 in Australian women 's field hockey
2017 in American women 's sports
Saidabad ( , also Romanized as Saʿīdābād ) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 20 , in 5 families .
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
The 2002 DFB-Ligapokal was the sixth edition of the DFB-Ligapokal . Hertha BSC won the competition for the second consecutive year , beating Schalke 04 4–1 in the final , an exact repeat of the previous year 's competition , although Huub Stevens , the Hertha coach , had been in charge at Schalke the year prior .
Participating clubs
A total of six teams qualified for the competition . The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round :
1st , 2nd , 3rd , 4th , etc . : League position
CW : Cup winners
TH : titleholders
Matches
Preliminary round
Semi-finals
Final
References
DFL-Ligapokal seasons
Ligapokal
Several ships have been named :
, the lead ship of their class of the Imperial Japanese Navy ; renamed and re-rated as a minesweeper in June 1930 ; demilitarized in November 1940
, a of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II
JDS Nara ( PF-2 , PF-282 ) , a Kusu-class patrol frigate of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force , formerly USS Machias ( PF-53 )
See also
Nara ( disambiguation )
Imperial Japanese Navy ship names
Japanese Navy ship names
The 2012 Super Rugby season was the second season of the current 15-team format for the Super Rugby competition , which involves teams from Australia , New Zealand and South Africa . For sponsorship reasons , this competition is known as FxPro Super Rugby in Australia , Investec Super Rugby in New Zealand and Vodacom Super Rugby in South Africa . Including its past incarnations as Super 12 and Super 14 , this was the 17th season for the Southern Hemisphere 's premier transnational club competition . The conference games took place every weekend from 24 February until 14 July ( with a three-week break between rounds 15 and 16 for international matches ) , followed by the finals series , culminating in the grand final on 4 August . While its three main broadcasting partners are Fox Sports ( Australia ) , Sky Sport ( New Zealand ) and SuperSport ( South Africa ) , Super Rugby can be viewed in many countries throughout the world .
The Chiefs , based in Hamilton , New Zealand , claimed their first-ever title in the competition 's history , defeating the Durban-based Sharks 37–6 in the final held on 4 August at the Chiefs ' home of Waikato Stadium .
Competition format
Covering 24 weeks , the schedule featured a total of 125 matches . The 15 teams are grouped by geography , labelled the Australian Conference , New Zealand Conference and the South African Conference . The regular season consists of two types of matches :
Internal Conference Matches – Each team plays the other four teams in the same conference twice , home and away .
Cross Conference Matches – Each team plays four teams of the other two conferences away , and four teams of the other two conferences home , thus missing out on two teams ( one from each of the other conferences ) . Each team plays two home and two away games against teams from each of the other countries , making a total of eight cross conference games for each team . There will be a three-week international break between rounds 15 and 16 of the regular season .
The top team of each conference , plus the next top three teams in table points regardless of conference ( wild card teams ) , advance to the finals . The top two conference winners , based on table points , receive first-round byes . In the first round of the finals , the third conference winner is the No . 3 seed and hosts the wild card team with the worst record , and the best wild card team hosts the second-best wild card team . In the semi-finals , the No . 2 conference winner hosts the higher surviving seed from the first round , and the No . 1 conference winner hosts the other first-round winner . The final is hosted by the top remaining seed .
Standings
Source : sanzarrugby.com
Legend :
Rnd = Round Completed ( Games Played plus Byes ) , W = Games Won , D = Games Drawn , L = Games Lost , Bye = Number of Byes , PF = Points For , PA = Points Against , PD = Points Difference , TF = Tries For , TA = Tries Against , TB = Try Bonus Points , LB = Losing Bonus Points , Pts = Log Points , Q = Qualification
Points breakdown :
4 points for a win
2 points for a draw
4 points for a bye
1 bonus point for a loss by seven points or fewer
1 bonus point for scoring four or more tries in a match
The Overall Standings classification system :
Three Conference Winners/Leaders in log points order
Three Wildcard teams in log points order
The remaining nine teams in log points order
When teams are level on log points , they are sorted by number of games won , then overall points difference , then number of tries scored and then overall try difference
Round-by-round
Regular season
The following fixtures were released on 2 September 2011 .
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9
Round 10
Round 11
Round 12
Round 13
Round 14
Round 15
Round 16
Round 17
Round 18
Finals
Qualifiers
Semi-finals
Final
Players
Leading try scorers
Source : South African Rugby Union
Leading point scorers
Source : South African Rugby Union
Referees
The following refereeing panel was appointed by SANZAR for the 2012 Super Rugby season :
Attendances
See also
List of Super Rugby records
Super Rugby franchise areas
Notes
Australian crowd figures taken from SMH match reports .
References
External links
2012
2012 rugby union tournaments for clubs
Illustrated News or The Illustrated News may refer to :
Canadian Illustrated News , Montreal
The Illustrated Australian News
Illustrated Daily News , Los Angeles
The Illustrated London News
The Illustrated Police News , London
Illustrated Police News ( Boston )
Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News , London
Illustrated Sydney News
The Illustrated War News , London
See also
Disambiguation pages
Illustrated ( disambiguation )
Illustrated Magazine
Illustrated Weekly
Alexander Cramond `` Sandy '' Saddler ( born August 1935 ) is a Scottish amateur golfer .
Saddler represented Britain 14 times and Scotland 22 times between 1959 and 1967 . They represented Great Britain three times in the Walker Cup ( 1963 , 1965 , 1967 ) and was the non-playing captain of the team in 1977 . In 1967 , they were the only Great Britain player to win two singles in the Walker Cup . They were champion at Forfar Golf Club seven times .
Team appearances
Eisenhower Trophy ( representing Great Britain & Ireland ) : 1962
Walker Cup ( representing Great Britain & Ireland ) : 1963 , 1965 ( tied ) , 1967 , 1977 ( non-playing captain )
Commonwealth Tournament ( representing Great Britain ) : 1959 , 1963 ( joint winners ) , 1967 ( joint winners )
Amateurs–Professionals Match ( representing the Amateurs ) : 1959 , 1960
St Andrews Trophy ( representing Great Britain & Ireland ) : 1960 ( winners ) , 1962 ( winners ) , 1964 ( winners ) , 1966 ( winners )
European Amateur Team Championship ( representing Scotland ) : 1965 , 1967
Men 's Home Internationals ( representing Scotland ) : 1959 , 1960 , 1961 , 1962 , 1963 , 1964 , 1966
References
Scottish male golfers
Amateur golfers
1935 births
Living people
Elliot Knight is an English actor . They made their acting debut as the title character on the Sky1 action-adventure series Sinbad ( 2012 ) . Continuing to work on television , Knight appeared as a series regular on the BBC One crime drama By Any Means ( 2013 ) , the CBS mystery American Gothic , and The CW comedy-drama Life Sentence ( 2018 ) , in addition to portraying Merlin on the ABC fantasy Once Upon a Time ( 2015 ) and Don Hall / Dove on the DC Universe / HBO Max superhero drama Titans ( 2018 ; 2021 ) . On film , they appeared in the science fiction horror Color Out of Space ( 2020 ) . Knight also portrayed Sergeant Kyle `` Gaz '' Garrick in the first-person shooter Call of Duty : Modern Warfare ( 2019 ) .
Early life and education
Knight was born in Birmingham , United Kingdom to Stuart and Lorna Knight , who are both teachers . Their father works at Broadway Secondary School in Perry Barr , Birmingham . They were a pupil at King Edward VI Aston School and studied subsequently at the Manchester Metropolitan School of Theatre , where they graduated with a BA ( Hon ) degree in 2011 .
Career
In June 2011 , Sky1 announced that Knight had won the lead role in the television drama Sinbad which was their first professional role . The series premiered in July 2012 . In 2013 , Knight joined the cast of BBC crime drama By Any Means . In 2015 , Knight was cast to play Merlin in the fifth season of Once Upon a Time .
In March 2017 , Knight was cast as Wes Charles in The CW series Life Sentence . The series was picked up in May for a midseason premiere some time in 2018 .
In 2020 , Knight starred opposite Nicolas Cage and Joely Richardson in the sci-fi cosmic horror film Color Out of Space , directed by Richard Stanley .
In 2021 , Knight was cast as Officer Chadwick in season 5 of the TNT crime drama Animal Kingdom .
Personal life
Knight is openly queer .
Filmography
References
External links
Elliot Knight at Payne Management
Living people
Alumni of Manchester Metropolitan University
Black British male actors
English male television actors
English people of Nigerian descent
Male actors from the West Midlands ( county )
People from West Bromwich
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Preiser may refer to :
Preiser disease , also known as ( idiopathic ) avascular necrosis of the scaphoid .
Peter Preiser , professor of molecular genetics and cell biology at the Nanyang Technological University .
Graziela Preiser , pattern and textile designer known in Germany for their 1970s designs .
Epacris marginata is a species of flowering plant in the heath family Ericaceae and is endemic to Tasmania . It is an erect shrub with overlapping , bluish , sharply-pointed , egg-shaped to lance-shaped leaves with transparent edges , and white , tube-shaped flowers , the petals with lobes long and wide .
Epacris marginata was first formally described in 1952 by Ronald Melville in the Kew Bulletin from specimens collected by Janet Somerville on the `` slopes of Brown Mountain , Tasman Peninsula '' in 1946 .
This epacris is restricted to the Tasman Peninsula in Tasmania .
References
marginata
Ericales of Australia
Flora of Tasmania
Plants described in 1952
George Darby ( 1798 – 16 November 1877 ) was a British Conservative politician .
They were educated at Westminster School and Catharine Hall , Cambridge .
They were elected Conservative MP for at the 1837 general election and held the seat until 1846 when they had to step down after being appointed a Commissioner of Inclosures
They died 16 November 1877 in Piccadilly , London .
References
External links
UK MPs 1837–1841
UK MPs 1841–1847
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
1798 births
1877 deaths
People educated at Westminster School , London
Alumni of St Catharine 's College , Cambridge
Niklas Roest ( born August 3 , 1986 ) is a Norwegian ice hockey player who is currently playing for Sparta Sarpsborg of the GET-ligaen .
Roest competed in the 2013 and 2014 IIHF World Championships , and the 2014 Winter Olympics as a member of the Norway men 's national ice hockey team .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Manglerud Star Ishockey players
Norwegian ice hockey left wingers
Olympic ice hockey players of Norway
Sparta Warriors players
Ice hockey people from Oslo
Norwegian expatriate ice hockey people
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Biscardi is an Italian surname . Notable people with this surname include :
Aldo Biscardi ( 1930–2017 ) , Italian football broadcaster , best known for presenting the show Il processo di Biscardi
Chester Biscardi ( born 1948 ; nicknamed Chet ) , Italian American composer and educator
Luigi Biscardi ( 1928–2019 ) , Italian politician
Tom Biscardi ( born 1948 ) , cryptozoology enthusiast , Las Vegas promoter , internet radio host , and film producer
See also
Il processo di Biscardi , Italian television program
Italian-language surnames
Mathew Mullasseril Alex ( 25 May 1959 – 23 June 2015 ) , popularly known as Dr. M. M. Alex was an Indian actor and a Human Life Scientist . They were known for starring in blockbuster Malayalam films , Rajavinte Makan ( 1986 ) and Thoovanathumbikal ( 1987 ) A career actor turned scientist , Alex had produced more than 220 documentaries and digitisations on World Peace , Religion , Tourism , Health Systems and Human Rights . They were also the founder of Vedik India Society and The Institute of Ancient Integrative Therapies Research . They also served as the jury member for the National Film Awards .
Alex was honoured with the `` Ambassador of Peace Award '' by Universal Peace Federation and `` Samskrita Mitra '' award by the Government of India . They were also the president of Samskrita Bharathi – Tamil Nadu .
Dr. M. M. Alex died from a cardiac arrest on 23 June 2015 , aged 56 .
Early life
Dr. Alex was born in Kottayam , Kerala . They were the son of M. M. Alexander , a Health officer and Ammini Alex , a panchayat officer . They grew up in Kottayam with their elder brother Shaji M Alex and younger sister Saji M Alex . They graduated from CMS College Kottayam , before starting their career as an actor .
Career
Early career
Alex debuted in the Malayalam Blockbuster `` Rajavinte Makan ( 1986 ) '' , as a student leader . The film starred Mohan Lal and Suresh Gopi . It was directed by Thampi Kannanthanam . They continued to reprise the same role in its remake , Makkal En Pakkam ( Tamil – 1987 ) . Their flair for playing a villain bagged them roles in more than 60 films . They were well noted for their role as `` Babu '' in the successful film , `` Thoovanathumbikal ( 1987 ) '' starring Mohan Lal and directed by Padmarajan . Their role as an antagonist gained them wide publicity . They concluded their acting career with the Malayalam film `` Parampara ( 1990 ) '' directed by Sibi Malayil . Though it was at the peak of their acting career , Alex decided to quit and enter the field of science , research and spirituality .
Science and research
Dr. M. M. Alex received an honorary doctorate in Indology and alternative medicine from the Michigan State University College of Human Medicine . They founded the Non- Profit Organisations Vedik-India Society ( 2000 ) , E-Ducatus Foundation , Institute of Ancient Integrative Therapies and Research with their wife , Anitha Alex . They travelled extensively and digitized India district wise to promote Indian culture around the world . They also developed a massive database on 250 common ailments and therapies from eastern disciplines like Ayurveda , Yoga , Mantra , Tantra , Sangeetha Sastra , Manas Ayurveda and Gandharva Veda . They worked on merging modern and ancient medical therapies by creating a digital database on medical aspects of various alternative forms of treatment.His work involved a comprehensive and integrated understanding of many systems and modules that operate in the fields of -
Western medical care and research ( e.g . diagnostics , current pharmacological/surgical therapies and clinical discovery/trials methodology .
Life sciences ( biology , biochemistry and genetics ) .
Traditional Indian medical therapies .
Astrophysics and their impact on human biology .
Current high-impact lifestyle/psychological/psycho-social/environmental issues ( e.g . Aging , stress , sleep , circadian rhythms , infertility and electromagnetic field effects/nutrition from GM crops ) .
Tourism and religion
With the craft and credibility from the film industry , Alex produced more than 220 documentaries ranging from World religion , education , tourism , Health systems and many other titles . They continued to work on projects for the Tourism of Kerala and other states during the 1990s . Their notable works include the documentaries A Vision and Mission to Tirupati , 'Alphabet of life ' and ' A Pilgrimage to Holy Sabarimala ' . It was one of the few documentaries screened in association with the National Film Development Corporation of India ( NFDC ) festival . Alex conducted a global tour with the support of the Union Department of Tourism . They helped organise the Nishagandhi Dance Festival , Kerala in 1992 .
Culture
Apart from research and tourism , Alex was a propagator of the Sanskrit language . They were the president of Samskrita Bharati , Tamil Nadu ( 2005–2015 ) . The organisation aims to democratize and popularize Sanskrit language by encouraging the use of simple Sanskrit in everyday conversational texts . Alex was also the Head of Sanskrit Academies and Research Institutes for the World Samskrit Book fair .
Alexonics
Dr. Alex had invented a unique custom made audio module called 'Alexonics ' . Each module is produced according to an individuals ' astrological profile resulting in a 93,312 file databases . The repeated listening to its vibrations can enhance and regulate the physiological as well as the psychological self . They had worked on this project with Late . Dr. Solomon Victor , Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam , Dr. B.M . Hegde and Dr. Sandeep , over a span of 25 years . With the ambition to spread world peace , Alex disseminated 'Alexonics ' to a few world leaders and world pioneers . They were invited to deliver a talk on Alexonics for Ted.x at Delhi in 2010 . The product will be available to the public soon .
Nakshatra paintings
Dr. Alex conceived a unique ideology to depict the 27 Nakshatras as the wives of the moon ( Lord Chandra ) in a set of 30 paintings , including those of the Sun god , Moon god and the Cosmic Serpent ( Naga ) . The paintings are based on the Samhitas , Shastras , Vedas , Physics , Meta-physics , Astrophysics and Bio- physics . These are to be auctioned soon .
Events
They were the Judge for the Malayala Manorama 's 3rd Annual Pookalam Festival along with their wife , Anitha Alex September 2005
Chief guest of the World Sanskrit Day Function held in August 2008 .
Delivered a lecture on 'Good Health Today with Modern and Ancient Therapies ' at the India Habitat Centre , May 2009
Conducted a 28-day Agnihotra Yagna for World Peace in July 2009 .
Delivered a lecture on 'Impact of Triple Eclipses- Reality or Myth ? ' at the India Habitat Centre , Delhi . The event was organised by the Foundation of Peace , September 2009 .
Was invited as a speaker for TEDx.Delhi to talk on their custom made device `` Alexonics '' August 2010 .
Helped organise the World Samskrit Book Fair ( Head of Sanskrit Academies and Research ) in January 2011 .
Accolades
Jury for the 50th National Film Awards , India ( 2003 )
Jury for the 58th National Film Awards , India ( 2011 )
Recipient of the 'Ambassador of Peace ' award from the Universal Peace Federation
Recipient of the 'Samskrita Mitra ' award from the Government of India .
Death
Dr. Alex died in Chennai on 23 June 2015 , following a cardiac arrest . The Funeral was held at St.Paul 's Orthodox Church at Kollad near Kottayam on 25 June . They are survived by their wife Anitha Alex and sons Dr. Alexander Mathew and Basil Mathew ( Actor Tejas )
Filmography ( partial )
1986-Rajavinte Makan
1986-Rareeram
1987-Thoovanathumbikal
1987-Kanikanum Neram
1988- Witness
1988- August 1
1990- Randam Varavu
1990- Parampara
1990- Vyooham
References
External links
Article by FilmyFriday
Article by M3DB , Malayalam
Malayalamanorama
One India Malayalam
Indian Habitat Centre – Annexure 1 March 28 | Programs : Jan 2009 – December 2009
2015 deaths
1959 births
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Male actors from Kottayam
20th-century Indian male actors
Male actors in Malayalam cinema
Indian male film actors
Human life scientists
Indian human life scientists
Indian scientists
Scientists from Kerala
Greensleeves Rhythm Album # 86 : Ghetto Whiskey is an album in Greensleeves Records ' rhythm album series . It was released in November 2006 on CD and LP . The album features various artists recorded over the `` Ghetto Whiskey '' riddim produced/created by Delly Ranx .
Track listing
`` Ghetto Whiskey '' - Delly Ranx & Chino
`` Gunrise '' - Mavado & Vybz Kartel
`` Bung Bong '' - Boysie & Not Nice
`` All Day '' - Craig Dennis
`` Freeze '' - T.O.K .
`` Gangsta '' - Delly Ranx
`` Bruck It '' - Vybz Kartel
`` Formula '' - Chino
`` We Do n't Take Bad Up '' - Elephant Man
`` How Will I Know '' - Singing Sweet
`` Wine Pon This '' - Soltex 3000
`` Mek It Beat '' - Sizzla
`` Highgrade Everyday '' - Nitty Kutchie & Roundhead
`` Mistake '' - Wayne Wonder
`` Rise The Machine '' - Anthony B
`` Who We Are '' - Wayne Marshall
`` Bere Sitten Sitten '' - Tyrical
`` Convince Me '' - Shema
`` Bad Mind '' - Bramma
`` Someone '' - Mr. Easy
`` For The Girl Dem '' - Chukki Starr
`` Protect Your Soul '' - Norris Man
`` I Will '' - Turbulence
`` Long Time '' - Khari Jess
`` War Monga '' - Aidonia
`` I 'm Dangerous '' - Mega Banton
`` Ghetto Whiskey Rhythm '' - Di Ranx & The Genious
Reggae compilation albums
2006 compilation albums
