Uruguay Olympic football team ( also known as Uruguay under-23 , Uruguay U-23 ) represents Uruguay in international football competitions in Olympic Games . The selection is limited to players under the age of 23 , except three overage players . The team is controlled by the Asociación Uruguaya de Fútbol ( AUF ) . Uruguay won two gold medals ( 1924 and 1928 ) .
History
1924 Summer Olympics
Uruguay 's first participation in the Olympics was in Paris , France , in 1924 . In that year , Uruguay won its first gold medal , beating Yugoslavia 7–0 , United States 3–0 , France 5–1 , Netherlands 2–1 , and in the Final defeating Switzerland 3–0 .
1928 Summer Olympics
Uruguay 's second participation in the Olympics was in Amsterdam , Netherlands , in 1928 . In that year , Uruguay won its second gold medal , beating Netherlands 2–0 , Germany 4–1 , Italy 3–2 , and in the first Final tying Argentina 1–1 , and defeating Argentina 2–1 in the second final .
Olympic record
Pan American Games record
Matches
Summer Olympics
Paris 1924
First round
Second round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Gold Medal match
In the other semi-final between Switzerland and Sweden the Swiss prevailed . In the final the Swiss proved no match , ultimately , for the Uruguayans whose two goals in the second half put paid to their opponent 's ambitions , Uruguay eventually prevailing 3–0 . Interest in the final had been considerable , such was the draw of the Uruguayan side ; 60,000 watched and 10,000 were locked out .
Amsterdam 1928
First round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Gold medal match
Recent and future matches
Players
The following 23 players were called up to the final squad for 2020 CONMEBOL Pre-Olympic Tournament .
Caps and goals correct as of 10 February 2020 , subsequent to the match against Colombia .
Honours
Summer Olympics :
Gold medalists ( 2 ) : 1924 , 1928
Pan American Games :
Gold medalists ( 2 ) : 1983 , 2015
Bronze medalists ( 1 ) : 2011
Fourth place : 1963
South American Games :
Silver Medalists ( 1 ) : 2018
CONMEBOL Pre-Olympic Tournament :
Runners-up ( 1 ) : 1976
Third place ( 3 ) : 1968 , 1992 , 1996
Fourth place ( 1 ) : 2000
Copa Mercosur :
Winners : 1996
See also
Uruguay national football team
Uruguay national under-20 football team
Uruguay national under-17 football team
References
External links
South American national under-23 association football teams
Uruguay at the Summer Olympics
South American Olympic national association football teams
The 1974 Kensington and Chelsea Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Kensington and Chelsea London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
20th century in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
Endtime Ministries is an American Pentecostal Christian organization . It defines itself as a teacher of biblical prophesy founded and headed by minister Irvin Baxter Jr . The organization is based in Plano , Texas .
It focuses on explaining world events from its view of the Bible , with an emphasis on prophecy and exposition of eschatological theories . Some of these predictions include a new world war that will kill up to two billion people , and the identification of Britain , the reunified Holy Roman Empire , Russia and Germany with the `` four beasts '' of the Book of Daniel .
Controversy
In 2006 , Endtime Ministries hosted a rally in its home city of Garland , Texas to protest the REAL ID Act of 2005 , which Baxter linked to the Mark of the Beast prophesied in Book of Revelation 13:15-18 .
In 2020 , Endtime ministries applied for and received $ 300,000 or more from the Small Business Administration 's Payroll Protection Program . At issue is repayment or loan forgiveness . Endtime relies on contributions through sales of its magazine , Internet presence , and radio broadcasts . As a non-profit organization , Endtime ministries pays no taxes to the federal government .
In 2020 , Irvin Baxter Jr. suggested that the coronavirus pandemic was a warning from God about the “ sin of fornication ” . Baxter Jr. died on November 3 from complications with COVID-19 , their Plano-based ministry announced .
See also
Summary of Christian eschatological differences
References
External links
Pentecostalism in the United States
Religious organizations based in the United States
Christian eschatology
Saint Sebastian and the Angel is a late 1620s painting by the Italian artist from Ferrara , Carlo Bononi . The work is now in the Musée des Beaux-Arts of Strasbourg , France .
The unusual painting depicts a martyred Saint Sebastian in almost casual conversation ( hand gestures included ) with an angel resting on a cloud next to him . It had originally been painted for Ferrara 's Oratorio di San Sebastiano , which was dissolved in 1772 , and was cut down on all four sides before being sold to private collectors . The painting presents pictorial similarities with The Guardian Angel ( Angelo custode ) , Bononi 's acknowledged masterpiece in the Galleria Estense , and was probably painted at roughly the same time , i.e . towards the end of the 1620s . A slightly earlier painting of the martyred Saint Sebastian ( c. 1622–1623 , Reggio Emilia Cathedral ) displays more conventional attitudes , and the influence of Guido Reni , less conspicuous in the Strasbourg version .
The painting was bought in Venice in November 1985 by the collectors Othon Kaufmann and François Schlageter , and presented to the museum in 1987 . Its inventory number is 44.987.3.1 .
References
External links
Paintings in the collection of the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg
1620s paintings
Italian paintings
Baroque paintings
Oil on canvas paintings
Paintings of Saint Sebastian
Angels in art
Donald Piers Chesworth ( 1923–1991 ) OBE was a politician and administrator who was closely associated with labour causes . Their papers are held by Queen Mary Archives . They were warden of Toynbee Hall from 1977 to 1987 .
Selected appointments
Their appointments included :
Student and Overseas Secretary , International Union of Socialist Youth , 1947-1951
Chairman , National Association of Labour Student Organisations , 1947
Whip and Member of the Policy Committee , London County Council , 1952-1965
Member , Board of Visitors , Hewell Grange Borstal , 1950-1952
Chairman , Managers of Mayford Home Office Approved School , 1952-1958
Labour Adviser , Tanganyika Government and Chairman , Territorial Minimum Wages Board , 1961-1962
Labour Adviser , Mauritius Government and Chairman , Sugar Wages Councils , 1962-1965
Council member , 1965-1976 and Chairman , 1967 , 1968 , 1970–1974 , War on Want
Director , Notting Hill Social Council , 1968-1977
National Committee , UK Freedom from Hunger Campaigns , 1969-1976
Executive Board , Voluntary Committee on Overseas Aid and Development , 1969-1976
Member , ILEA Education Committee , 1970-1977
Chairman , World Development Political Action Trust , 1971-1975
Alderman , Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea , 1971-1977
Chairman , Mauritius Salaries Commission , 1973-1977
Member , Court of Governors , London School of Economics , 1973-1978
South Metropolitan Conciliation Committee , Race Relations Board , 1975-1977
Warden , Toynbee Hall , 1977-1987
Vice-Chairman , Toynbee Housing Association , 1977-1986
Governor , Tower Hamlets Adult Education Institute , 1978-1991
Governor , City and East London College , 1978-1991
Chairman , Mauritius Government Enquiry into position of families without wage earners , 1981
Government Salaries Commissioner , Mauritius , 1987-1988
Chairman , Tower Hamlets ILEA Tertiary Education Council , and Member Tertiary Education Board , 1987-1991
Chairman , Spitalfields Heritage Centre , 1987-1991
References
1923 births
1991 deaths
Members of London County Council
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Labour Party ( UK ) councillors
Pension spiking , sometimes referred to as `` salary spiking '' , is the process whereby public sector employees are granted large raises , bonuses , incentives or otherwise artificially inflate their compensation in the time immediately preceding retirement in order to receive larger pensions than they otherwise would be entitled to receive . This artificially inflates the pension payments due to the retirees .
Upon retirement any employee transitions from receiving a paycheck from the employer to a pension check drawn on the assets of the retirement fund ; this amount is typically determined as a percentage of the employee 's regular salary by state law or statute . When an employee due to retire receives a `` spike '' , the amount of money the employee will receive does not reflect the percentage of salary the employee and employer haves contributed for the majority of the employee 's career , and places a burden on the economic viability of the pension fund . This practice is considered a significant contributor to the high cost of public sector pensions .
Several states including Illinois have passed laws making it more difficult for employees to spike their pensions . The California CalPERS system outlawed this practice in 1993 , but as of 2012 it remained legal in the 20 counties which did not participate in this public employee retirement system .
Pension spiking is often seen in public sector employers ( who do not typically offer Golden Parachutes to employees the private sector does ) and is an example of the principal–agent problem . In the classic principal–agent problem , a principal hires an agent to work on their behalf . The agent then seeks to maximize their own well-being within the confines of the engagement laid out by the principal . The agent , or bureaucrat in this instance , has superior information and is able to maximize their benefit at the cost of the principal . In other words , there is asymmetric information .
In the case of pension spiking the general public ( the principal ) elects officials to hire the bureaucrat who then hires the public servants , who are the ultimate agents of the general public . Thus , the principal is three steps removed from the bureaucrat . In the case of pension spiking , some have written that the public has allowed a pension system to be created which is based on the compensation in the last year of service and delegated the setting of this cost to the bureaucrat . The bureaucrat , who will often themselves or themselves benefit from a spiked pension or the same laws permitting pension spiking , fails to stop the practice , a clear conflict of interest .
Given that many public pension funds have been in existence for decades , it seems that it is the case that pension fund participants have found a way to manipulate an existing system to their benefit , rather than constructed a unique system . Issues also exist when pension funds allow the inclusion of overtime when determining the retiree 's final pensionable salary .
References
Pensions
Market failure
Ethically disputed business practices
Friendship was a town in Trinity County , Texas . It was established around the Civil War era . No population estimates are available , but the settlement appears on most highway maps .
References
Former populated places in Texas
Populated places in Trinity County , Texas
Bussy-Saint-Georges is a railway station on RER train network in Bussy-Saint-Georges , Seine-et-Marne .
History
Bussy-Saint-Georges station opened on 21 December 1992 on an already existing portion of the line . In fact , trains on line A of the RER used to run without stopping between Torcy and Marne-la-Vallée - Chessy stations since 1 April 1992 , start date of the new terminus of the Marne-la-Vallée branch ( A4 ) .
The objective of this commissioning is to support the development of the new town of Marne-la-Vallée , while serving the agglomeration of Bussy-Saint-Georges which is part of sector 3 , known as Val de Bussy , of this new town .
Traffic
, the estimated annual attendance by the RATP Group was 3,298,143 passengers .
Service
Train
The average waiting time for trains to Paris and to Marne-la-Vallée – Chessy is 15 minutes .
Bus connections
The station is served by several buses :
Pep 's Bus network lines : 22 ( to Val d'Europe ) , 26 ( to Lagny-sur-Marne ) , 27 ( to Ferrières-en-Brie ) , 44 ( line serving several districts in Bussy-Saint-Georges and their vicinities ) and 46 ( to Torcy and to Val d'Europe ) ;
Noctilien network night bus line : ( between Paris ( Gare de Lyon ) and Marne-la-Vallée–Chessy - Disneyland ) .
References
Réseau Express Régional stations
Railway stations in France opened in 1992
Railway stations in Seine-et-Marne
Tujetsch ( ; ) is a municipality in the Surselva Region in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland . It is the westernmost municipality of the canton , connected to Urseren ( canton of Uri ) by the Oberalp Pass .
History
The upper Surselva was first settled in the 9th century , following the foundation of Disentis Abbey , as part of the Cadi ( feudal possessions of the abbey ) . In the 12th century , the Walser migrated across Oberalp Pass . Sedrun parish church was first consecrated in 1205 . Both Romansh and Walser communities lived exclusively in dispersed settlements well into the early modern period . The Walser were mostly Romanized , but some Alemannic toponymy remains on the left bank of the Rhine . In the 18th century , villages formed in the vicinity of parish churches , and most of the 66 scattered settlements recorded in the 16th century were abandoned . Sedrun became the main settlement and municipal capital . The economic focus shifted from alpine agriculture to the production of soapstone stoves and pottery . Population fell to below 900 people in the second half of the 19th century due to emigration . The development of the tourism industry in the first half of the 20th century resulted in moderate population growth , to 1,122 as of 1950 .
Ski tourism and hydroelectricity were developed in the 1950s to 1960s .
Tujetsch was never the name of a village . As the name of the valley , Thiuesch is first recorded in 1237 . The local variety of the Romansh language is markedly different from standard Sursilvan and is sometimes listed as a separate dialect , Tuatschin . The Tavetsch breed of sheep closely resembled Neolithic era livestock . The breed was extinct in 1954 , and a breeding back project was initiated in 1984 . The official name of the municipality was Tavetsch until 1976 .
Geography
Tujetsch has an area , , of . Of this area , 25.7 % is used for agricultural purposes , while 10.8 % is forested . 1.4 % is settled ( buildings or roads ) while the remainder ( 62 % ) is non-productive ( rivers , glaciers or mountains ) .
Before 2017 , the municipality was located in the Disentis sub-district of the Surselva district , after 2017 it was part of the Surselva Region . It is located at the entrance to the Oberalp Pass and at the source of the Vorderrhein river . It consists of the village of Sedrun , the sections of Tschamut , Selva , Rueras/Dieni , Camischolas/Zarcuns , Gonda and Bugnei on the left bank of the Vorderrhein , and on the right bank are the settlements of Surrein and Cavorgia . Until 1920 there was no direct route between the village halves on each bank of the Vorderrhein . Until 1976 Tujetsch was known as Tavetsch .
Demographics
Tujetsch has a population ( as of ) of . , 29.1 % of the population was made up of foreign nationals . Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 25.1 % . Most of the population ( ) speaks Romansh ( 66.2 % ) , with German being second most common ( 19.7 % ) and Italian being third ( 2.6 % ) .
, the gender distribution of the population was 60.2 % male and 39.8 % female . The age distribution , , in Tujetsch is ; 141 children or 9.2 % of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 181 teenagers or 11.9 % are between 10 and 19 . Of the adult population , 189 people or 12.4 % of the population are between 20 and 29 years old . 251 people or 16.5 % are between 30 and 39 , 243 people or 15.9 % are between 40 and 49 , and 209 people or 13.7 % are between 50 and 59 . The senior population distribution is 149 people or 9.8 % of the population are between 60 and 69 years old , 108 people or 7.1 % are between 70 and 79 , there are 45 people or 3.0 % who are between 80 and 89 there are 8 people or 0.5 % who are between 90 and 99 , and 1 person who is 100 or more .
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 55.5 % of the vote . The next three most popular parties were the SVP ( 27 % ) , the SP ( 11.6 % ) and the FDP ( 4.6 % ) .
In Tujetsch about 59.9 % of the population ( between age 25–64 ) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education ( either university or a Fachhochschule ) .
Tujetsch has an unemployment rate of 1.57 % . , there were 56 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 26 businesses involved in this sector . 177 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 19 businesses in this sector . 389 people are employed in the tertiary sector , with 66 businesses in this sector .
From the , 1,222 or 80.1 % are Roman Catholic , while 142 or 9.3 % belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church . Of the rest of the population , there are 23 individuals ( or about 1.51 % of the population ) who belong to the Orthodox Church , and there are 6 individuals ( or about 0.39 % of the population ) who belong to another Christian church . There are 63 ( or about 4.13 % of the population ) who are Muslims . There are 5 individuals ( or about 0.33 % of the population ) who belong to another church ( not listed on the census ) , 31 ( or about 2.03 % of the population ) belong to no church , are agnostic or atheist , and 33 individuals ( or about 2.16 % of the population ) did not answer the question .
The historical population is given in the following table :
Population increase during construction of a power plant .
Climate
Notable people
Felix Maria Diogg ( 1762–1834 ) , Classicism portrait painter
See also
Porta Alpina , a proposed railway station in the Gotthard Base Tunnel ( an important rail tunnel running beneath the Alps ) .
References
External links
Official website
Municipalities of Graubünden
Ski areas and resorts in Switzerland
Populated places on the Rhine
Sir James Richard Samuel Morris ( 20 November 1925 – 1 July 2008 ) , also known as Dick Morris , was a British engineer and industrialist .
Richard Morris was born in London , the son of a banker . They were a boy chorister at All Souls , Langham Place , and was educated at Ardingly College . They began to train being a doctor , before changing career and serving in the Welsh Guards , rising to Captain , and served in Palestine ( region ) as Israel was being created . They received a bachelor 's degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Birmingham .
Morris worked for Courtaulds for almost 30 years , and then various other companies .
References
1925 births
2008 deaths
People educated at Ardingly College
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Bachelor
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
British chemical engineers
British industrialists
People named in the Panama Papers
Presidents of the Association for Science Education
Engineers from London
William LeMassena ( May 23 , 1916 – January 19 , 1993 ) was an American actor . They were best known for their roles in Broadway and off-Broadway productions , the film All That Jazz ( 1979 ) , and the soap opera As the World Turns ( 1985–1992 ) .
Early life and career
LeMassena was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on May 23 , 1916 , the son of Margery L. ( 1883–1942 ) and William Henry LeMassena ( 1874–1944 ) . They graduated from New York University .
LeMassena made their acting debut in the 1940 Broadway production of The Taming of the Shrew , starring Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne . They then became a regular part of the Lunt 's unofficial rep company of actors , including Sydney Greenstreet , Thomas Gomez , and Montgomery Clift .
In the later part of their career , LeMassena did several seasons of regional work at Meadowbrook Theatre in Rochester , Michigan , and also had a long run in Broadway 's Deathtrap .
They appeared as the Heavenly Friend who serves as a guide to Gordon MacRae on their return trip to Earth in the 1956 film version of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's Carousel . Massena appeared in other roles , however , including a stint towards the end of their life as Ambrose Bingham , on the daytime soap opera As the World Turns .
They also appeared throughout the 1960s in several television adaptations of stage plays on the Hallmark Hall of Fame , including a 1960 production of Shakespeare 's The Tempest , starring Maurice Evans , Lee Remick , Roddy McDowall , and Richard Burton ( LeMassena was Antonio ) , as well as a 1967 production of Bernard Shaw 's Saint Joan , starring Geneviève Bujold in their American television debut as Joan of Arc , and featuring LeMassena as Jean d'Estivet .
They also appeared in the first ( and so far , the only ) television production of the operetta Naughty Marietta , in the role of Rudolfo .
Personal life and death
LeMassena was a close friend of Montgomery Clift , with whom they were possibly in a relationship .
They died of lung cancer at their home in New Suffolk , New York on January 19 , 1993 , at age 76 .
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1916 births
1993 deaths
20th-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Male actors from New Jersey
People from Glen Ridge , New Jersey
New York University alumni
Deaths from lung cancer
Here East is a media complex located in the Olympic Park in East London , built specially for the 2012 London Olympics . It is located at the site of the former Hackney Wick Stadium close to the Riverbank Arena in Hackney Wick .
During the Olympics and Paralympics , the complex was named the London Olympics Media Centre . It was later refurbished and renamed to Here East .
History
London Olympics Media Centre
At the time of the Olympic bid it was intended that the complex would be privately financed on the basis that the building would have residual value from alternative uses after the games . As of December 2009 , the Olympic Delivery Authority had allocated £702 million of Programme and Funders ' contingency , largely to cover the decisions to publicly fund the Village and Media Centre after it became clear private funding could not be secured on acceptable terms during the 2008 to 2010 economic crisis .
The complex was a 24-hour media hub that catered for over 20,000 broadcasters , photographers and print journalists facilitating broadcasts to 4 billion people worldwide . It contained an International Broadcast Centre ( IBC ) and a Main Press Centre ( MPC ) .
The design of the complex , which was long , was by Allies and Morrison . It had a catering village and a multi-storey car park to link the two main venues ( the IBC and the MPC ) together . The construction cost was £355 million and the main contractor was Carillion . It was completed in July 2011 .
Legacy
Following the games , the property firm Delancey formed a joint venture with Infinity SDC to convert the Olympic broadcast and press centre into a tech hub for corporations . The joint venture was called iCity , with Laing O'Rourke being appointed to carry out the £150 million redevelopment of the Broadcasting Centre . Consultants Buro Happold provided the engineering design , working in collaboration with architects Hawkins\Brown .
The complex was designed to create some of business space as part of the legacy of the games . BT Sport started broadcasting from the centre in August 2013 , and has three studios there .
In February 2014 the site was renamed Here East . It went on to accommodate campuses for Staffordshire University , Loughborough University and University College London as well as Plexal , a co-working location for start-up businesses .
References
External links
Here East
BT Sport Studios
Here East - Mayor of London
Television studios in London
Commercial buildings completed in 2011
2012 Summer Olympics
Buildings and structures in the London Borough of Hackney
Mass media in London
Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park
Hackney , London
Olympic International Broadcast Centres
Parasrampur is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar , India . As of 2011 , its population was 1,548 , in 185 households .
References
Villages in Bhojpur district , India
Gençali is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Nikolett Kovács is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Hungary .
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1982 births
Hungarian sportswomen
Hungarian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Female motorcycle racers
Sportspeople from Budapest
Restoration is an extended play by British progressive metal band Haken , that was released on 27 October 2014 through Inside Out Music . It is the first release of the band to feature bassist Conner Green and the second with producer and mixer Jens Bogren , who did their job at their Fascination Street Studios .
Background and recording
The EP was announced on 8 September 2014 via Haken 's Facebook page . The EP 's three tracks are reworked songs from their 2008 demo , Enter the 5th Dimension . Commenting on the option of reworking old tracks , guitarist Charlie Griffiths said :
The ending song , `` Crystallised '' —which is based on the track `` Snow '' , -- is 19 minutes long and features guest performances from guitarist Pete Rinaldi ( Headspace ) and drummer Mike Portnoy ( The Winery Dogs , Flying Colors , ex-Adrenaline Mob , ex-Dream Theater ) . The band initially said Portnoy would not play the drums nor sing .
Commenting on Portnoy 's guest performance , drummer Raymond Hearne said :
The band later promoted a contest in which people were invited to guess what Portnoy did in the song . They then announced the winner and revealed that Portnoy played the gong a few seconds before the end of the track .
On September 24 , the band released a promotional video for `` Darkest Light '' . The song is based on the track `` Blind '' , originally clocking at 11:40 . According to Hearne , the band managed to produce a half as long version after cutting away `` all the excess fat '' . Both songs serve as the opening track of their respective releases .
The song `` Earthlings '' is based on the demo `` Black Seed '' .
Track listing
Personnel
Haken
Ross Jennings – lead vocals
Richard Henshall – guitars , keyboards
Charlie Griffiths – guitars
Conner Green – bass
Diego Tejeida – keyboards , sound design
Raymond Hearne – drums , backing vocals
Additional Musicians
Pete Rinaldi – acoustic guitar
Mike Portnoy – gong
Production and design
Jerry Guidroz – recording
Anthony Leung – recording
Jens Bogren – mixing , mastering
Blacklake – artwork , design
References
2014 EPs
Haken ( band ) albums
Inside Out Music EPs
Christchurch Central Library was a library in Central Christchurch and the main library of Christchurch City Libraries , New Zealand . It was the largest library in the South Island and the third-biggest in New Zealand . It opened in 1982 on the corner of Oxford Terrace and Gloucester Street but was closed on the day of the 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake . The building was demolished in 2014 to make way for the Convention Centre Precinct . The replacement library , Tūranga , opened in 2018 .
History
The Christchurch library dates back to 1859 and the original library buildings were on the corner of Cambridge Terrace and Hereford Street . Eventually over 100 years old , a replacement was needed , and after years of searching for a suitable site , the property on the corner of Gloucester Street and Oxford Terrace was purchased in 1974 . The new site was again facing the Avon River , was across the river from the historic Canterbury Provincial Council Buildings , and was only a short walk away from the town centre in Cathedral Square .
The architecture firm Warren and Mahoney was engaged to design the building , and Charles Luney was the principal contractor . The total price for the site and construction was NZ $ 5.8m . The building was opened by Sir David Beattie , the Governor-General , on 2 February 1982 . Membership grew dramatically after the opening , and within three months , 10,000 new members were gained .
The library had four floors , with a total area of . The ground floor and the first floor were linked by an escalator , with the second and third floor used for internal services . Another one and a half floors were added in 1997 , and another escalator was added from the first to the second floor , expanding the area open to the public . Further changes were made to the building in 2001 .
Earthquakes
Whilst the library building suffered little structural damage in the 22 February 2011 Christchurch earthquake , the central city was declared a redzone and the city centre was not accessible to the public . With the red zone cordon shrinking over time , alternative central city library locations were established in South City Mall ( 8 July 2011 – 15 July 2012 ) , Peterborough Street ( 19 December 2011 – present ) , Tuam Street ( July 2012 – November 2013 ) , and Manchester Street ( 20 January 2014 – present ) . The Tuam Street library was conveniently located adjacent to the temporary bus exchange and became necessary as more books were recovered from the central building in Gloucester Street , but it closed again as the land was designated for the Justice and Emergency Services Precinct .
The Christchurch Central Library building was located within the area that the Christchurch Central Recovery Plan designated for the Convention Centre Precinct and for that reason , the building was demolished during September and October 2014 . The replacement library , named Tūranga , opened in October 2018 .
References
External links
Central Library Peterborough
Central Library Manchester
Libraries in Christchurch
Library buildings completed in 1982
Buildings and structures demolished in 2014
Buildings and structures in Christchurch
Christchurch Central City
Buildings and structures demolished as a result of the 2011 Christchurch earthquake
The men 's high jump event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney , Australia , at International Athletic Centre on 22 and 24 August .
Medalists
Results
Final
24 August
Qualifications
22 Aug
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 34 athletes from 26 countries participated in the event .
References
High jump
High jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Moira Cargill ( born 10 December 1958 ) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
British female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Grateful Dead Records Collection is a box set of albums by the rock band the Grateful Dead . It contains four albums on five LPs . The albums were previously released by the band 's own record company , Grateful Dead Records . They were remastered for the box set , and pressed on 180-gram vinyl . The albums included in the box set are Wake of the Flood ( originally released in 1973 ) , From the Mars Hotel ( 1974 ) , Blues for Allah ( 1975 ) , and Steal Your Face ( a live double album recorded in 1974 and released in 1976 ) .
Grateful Dead Records Collection was released on November 24 , 2017 , as part of Record Store Day Black Friday . Subsequently , the box set was made available as a digital download .
Track listing
Wake of the Flood
Wake of the Flood
Side 1
`` Mississippi Half-Step Uptown Toodeloo '' ( Jerry Garcia , Robert Hunter )
`` Let Me Sing Your Blues Away '' ( Keith Godchaux , Hunter )
`` Row Jimmy '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Stella Blue '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
Side 2
`` Here Comes Sunshine '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Eyes of the World '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Weather Report Suite ''
`` Prelude '' ( Bob Weir )
`` Part I '' ( Weir , Eric Andersen )
`` Part II ( Let It Grow ) '' ( Weir , John Perry Barlow )
From the Mars Hotel
From the Mars Hotel
Side 1
`` U.S. Blues '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` China Doll '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Unbroken Chain '' ( Phil Lesh , Robert Petersen )
`` Loose Lucy '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
Side 2
`` Scarlet Begonias '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Pride of Cucamonga '' ( Lesh , Petersen )
`` Money Money '' ( Weir , Barlow )
`` Ship of Fools '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
Blues for Allah
Blues for Allah
Side 1
`` Help on the Way '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Slipknot ! '' ( Garcia , Godchaux , Bill Kreutzmann , Lesh , Weir )
`` Franklin 's Tower '' ( Garcia , Kreutzmann , Hunter )
`` King Solomon 's Marbles '' ( Lesh )
`` Stronger Than Dirt or Milkin ' the Turkey '' ( Mickey Hart , Kreutzmann , Lesh )
`` The Music Never Stopped '' ( Weir , Barlow )
Side 2
`` Crazy Fingers '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Sage & Spirit '' ( Weir )
`` Blues for Allah '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Sand Castles & Glass Camels '' ( Garcia , Godchaux , Hart , Kreutzmann , Lesh , Weir )
`` Unusual Occurrences in the Desert '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
Steal Your Face
Steal Your Face
Side 1
`` Promised Land '' ( Chuck Berry )
`` Cold Rain and Snow '' ( traditional , arranged by Grateful Dead )
`` Around and Around '' ( Berry )
`` Stella Blue '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
Side 2
`` Mississippi Half-Step Uptown Toodeloo '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Ship of Fools '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` Beat It On Down the Line '' ( Jesse Fuller )
Side 3
`` Big River '' ( Johnny Cash )
`` Black-Throated Wind '' ( Weir , Barlow )
`` U.S. Blues '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` El Paso '' ( Marty Robbins )
Side 4
`` Sugaree '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
`` It Must Have Been the Roses '' ( Hunter )
`` Casey Jones '' ( Garcia , Hunter )
Personnel
Grateful Dead
Jerry Garcia – guitar , vocals
Bob Weir – guitar , vocals
Phil Lesh – bass , vocals
Keith Godchaux – keyboards
Donna Jean Godchaux – vocals
Bill Kreutzmann – drums
Mickey Hart – drums on Blues for Allah
Box set production
Produced by Grateful Dead
Produced for release by David Lemieux
Mastering : David Glasser
Lacquer cutting : Chris Bellman
Plangent Processes wow and flutter reduction : Jamie Howarth
References
Grateful Dead compilation albums
Rhino Records compilation albums
2017 compilation albums
Marino Zorzi or Marino Giorgi ( died 1631 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Brescia ( 1596–1631 )
and Apostolic Nuncio to Florence ( 1592–1596 ) .
Biography
On 27 February 1592 , Marino Zorzi was appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VIII as Apostolic Nuncio to Florence .
On 4 March 1596 , they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Clement VIII as Bishop of Brescia .
On 26 October 1596 , they resigned as Apostolic Nuncio to Florence .
They served as Bishop of Brescia until their death on 28 August 1631 .
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
External links and additional sources
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
16th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
Bishops appointed by Pope Clement VIII
1631 deaths
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the Republic of Venice
An endangered language is a language that it is at risk of falling out of use , generally because it has few surviving speakers . If it loses all of its native speakers , it becomes an extinct language . UNESCO defines four levels of language endangerment between `` safe '' ( not endangered ) and `` extinct '' :
Vulnerable
Definitely endangered
Severely endangered
Critically endangered
South America is a continent of the Americas , situated entirely in the Western Hemisphere and mostly in the Southern Hemisphere , with a relatively small portion in the Northern Hemisphere . It is bordered on the west by the Pacific Ocean and on the north and east by the Atlantic Ocean ; North America and the Caribbean Sea lie to the northwest .
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
French Guiana
Guyana
Paraguay
Peru
Suriname
Venezuela
References
South America
Endangered languages
Pik Pak Boom is a 1988 Filipino anthology comedy film directed by Leroy Salvador and starring Herbert Bautista , Lea Salonga , Lilet , Bing Loyzaga , Regine Velasquez , and Dingdong Avanzado . The film consists of two segments : `` Manyika '' ( ) and `` Banana Q '' . Produced by Viva Films , Pik Pak Boom was released on December 25 , 1988 as part of the 14th Metro Manila Film Festival ( MMFF ) .
Pik Pak Boom was the second highest-grossing film among the six entries of the festival , after Agila ng Maynila , and won the award for Best Production Design ( Manny B. Morfe ) .
Cast
Release
Pik Pak Boom was given a `` G '' rating by the Movie and Television Review and Classification Board ( MTRCB ) , and was released on December 25 , 1988 as part of the 14th Metro Manila Film Festival ( MMFF ) .
Box office
On its opening day , Pik Pak Boom grossed ₱2.458 million , behind Agila ng Maynila but ahead of other MMFF films . By January , the film would retain its standing as the second highest-grossing film among the six entries of the 14th MMFF .
Accolades
References
External links
1988 films
1988 comedy films
Filipino-language films
Philippine comedy films
Philippine teen films
Viva Films films
De Ortu Waluuanii Nepotis Arturi ( ) is an anonymous Medieval Latin chivalric romance dating to the 12th or 13th century . It describes the birth , boyhood deeds , and early adventures of King Arthur 's nephew , Gawain . The romance gives the most detailed account of Gawain 's early years of any contemporary work , and is driven by the young man 's quest to establish their identity . It is also notable for its early reference to Greek fire .
History
De Ortu Waluuanii survives in a single early-14th-century Medieval Latin manuscript believed to be a copy of an earlier work . J. D. Bruce and Roger Sherman Loomis suggested that the romance dates to the 13th century , though details of costume and ship construction suggest an earlier date . However , it was written after Geoffrey of Monmouth 's Historia Regum Britanniae of the mid-12th century , as it borrows passages and plots from that work .
Catalog tradition , as recorded by John Bale , lists the author as Robert of Torigni , abbot of Mont Saint Michel Abbey from 1154 to 1186 . However , no other evidence supports this assertion , though the real author must have been an educated man and was likely a cleric . The author composed another Latin romance , the Historia Meriadoci or The Story of Meriadoc .
While the primary basis for John Bale 's suggestion that Robert of Torigni might have been the author of these two romances was the signature of the author—a single letter `` R '' —Peter Larkin has suggested several reasons why the anonymous author was more likely to have been Ranulf Higden . Higden , an early fourteenth century monk and chronicler , is chronologically far more plausible a candidate and also they were known to sign their works with a single letter `` R '' while Robert of Torigni was not .
Plot
De Ortu Waluuanii expands on the account of Gawain 's early life given in Geoffrey 's Historia , which mentions that at the age of twelve Gawain was sent to Rome to serve in the household of the fictional Pope Sulpicius , who educated and knighted him . The structure and plot revolve around the theme of establishing one 's identity . Gawain , the illegitimate son of Arthur 's sister Anna , is raised ignorant of their parentage and their relationship to Arthur and is trained as a cavalry officer to the Roman emperor . Known only as `` the Knight of the Surcoat '' , they must first work to establish themselves as knight in their own right , and then must discover their biological identity by learning their lineage .
The narrative is centered around two major quests , involving Gawain 's defense of Jerusalem and Arthur 's Britain , respectively . The first quest describes Gawain 's battles with Greek fire-equipped pirates and culminates with their single combat against a Persian knight . The second quest involves protecting Arthur 's lands from northern raiders . Gawain , traveling incognito , must fight Arthur and Kay before they are allowed to pass , and is eventually rewarded for their service by receiving knowledge of their true identity from their uncle .
In describing the boyhood deeds of Gawain , the romance recalls several other Arthurian works , notably the Enfances Gawain . Other works to deal with the subject include Geoffrey 's Historia , works derived from the Historia such as Wace 's Roman de Brut and Layamon 's Brut , and the romance Perlesvaus . However , De Ortu Waluuanii contains the only complete account . While chiefly serious in tone , The Rise of Gawain contains some humorous incidents ; notably , when Gawain pushes Arthur into the River Usk and the king is forced to explain to their wife Gwendoloena ( Guinevere ) why they are so wet .
De Ortu Waluuanii also contains one of the earliest European descriptions of the processing and use of the maritime explosive Greek fire . The passage recounts how the pirates Gawain fights in the Mediterranean resort to using the substance when they see Gawain will not submit to them , and then goes into a long description of how it is made . The rough , unlearned description combines elements of folklore and literary tradition about Medea 's magic as it appears in Ovid 's Metamorphoses , but the process described would have resulted in a working , napalm-like weapon of thickened gasoline .
Notes
References
Geoffrey of Monmouth ; Thorpe , Lewis ( 1988 ) . The History of the Kings of Britain . New York : Penguin . .
Lacy , Norris J . ( 1991 ) . The New Arthurian Encyclopedia . New York : Garland . .
Wilhelm , James J . ( 1994 ) . The Romance of Arthur . New York : Garland . .
External links
Historia Meriadoci and De Ortu Waluuanii , J. Douglas Bruce , ed. , at Google Books
Arthurian literature in Latin
12th-century Latin books
13th-century Latin books
Hacımusa , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey . The village is populated by Kurds .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
The Jordan Rally ( ) is a rallying competition held in Jordan . It was a new addition to the FIA World Rally Championship ( WRC ) calendar for the 2008 season , and the first occurrence of a WRC event in the Middle East . The rally was previously part of the Middle East Rally Championship ( MERC ) . The 2008 rally was held from 24–27 April with the event headquarters located just outside the capital city of Amman .
Stages
The 2008 Jordan Rally had 21 stages centred on the Dead Sea area ( in 40 km radius ) . The stages all fell within a 75 km area , making it one of the most compact rounds of the season . All stages except one had sections below sea level .
The service area was constructed from scratch , involving the Jordan 's Army and Ministry of Housing Public Works . An area of 50 thousand square meters was to be dedicated solely to the purpose of this WRC event , one of the biggest sporting events Jordan has ever held .
Winners
References
External links
Official Jordan Rally website
WRC Jordan preview
Rally competitions in Jordan
Motorsport competitions in Jordan
Middle East Rally Championship
Recurring sporting events established in 1981
World Rally Championship rallies
Spring ( season ) events in Jordan
1981 establishments in Jordan
The Palace of the Dux Ripae was the largest and most important building in Dura-Europos during the period of Roman rule . According to the inscriptions , the Palace was erected under Elagabalus ( AD 218-222 ) and it seems to have survived until the Sassanid conquest of Dura-Europos in AD 256 .
Description
The palace was about 87.5 m long and 62.5 m wide . The building was located in the northeast of the city , on a high point immediately overlooking the Euphrates river . The entrance was located in the south . It led into a large palaestra ( 30.78 m x 30.78 m ) with ten columns on each side . There was an exedra here , from which judgements were delivered . Ceremonial events and diplomatic receptions probably also took place in this courtyard .
A door led from the first courtyard to a large peristyle ( 25.16 m x 22.71 m ) . Nearly all the other rooms of the palace were arranged around this peristyle . On the riverside of the palace there was a terrace , with the private rooms arranged along it . There were three residential suites . The other rooms arranged around the peristyle were mostly single rooms , but in the west there was another group of rooms , which probably also served as a suite . The building also had its own bathhouse .
The Palace was made out of bricks . Many of the rooms had vaulted ceilings . The roof of the palace was completely flat . The walls and ceiling were plastered and some of them were painted . The paintings on the ceilings consisted of various coffer patterns , while the walls were panels and imitation marble .
On the walls there were many inscriptions and graffiti . Many of these refer to the dux ripae ( Head of the River ) , Domitius Pompeianus , who clearly lived in the central and largest suite that opened onto the terrace . Their subordinates probably lived in the other suites . The function of the other rooms around the courtyard is unclear , though some probably were used as stables . The building was thus the official residence of these high officials who oversaw the administration of the Syrian border and probably also the civic administration of Dura-Europos .
The palace confirms to the standard model of the Roman Villa rustica with reduced corner avant-corps and is thus typical of Roman architecture . Only the flat roof did not belong to a Roman tradition .
References
Bibliography
M. I. Rostovtzeff , A. R. Bellinger , F. E. Brown , C. B . Wells : The Excavations at Dura Europos . Preliminary Report of the Ninth Season of Work , 1935–1936 . Part III . The Palace of the Dux Ripae and the Dolicheneum . New Haven , London 1952 .
Alexander G. McKay : Römische Häuser , Villen und Paläste . Luzern 1980 , , S. 161–162 .
Palaces in Syria
Ruined palaces
Dura-Europos
Nebioğlu , Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Sous Lieutenant Joseph Denis Bernard Robert de Bonnefoy ( 1894–1946 ) was a French World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Biography
De Bonnefoy was a pre-war cavalryman who volunteered for aviation as soon as the war began . Their first flying assignment was to Escadrille 101 to pilot a Voisin . They were removed from the front for a spell as an instructor , then successively assigned to two Nieuport squadrons , Escadrilles 68 and 65 . They scored their first aerial victory on 2 July 1916 , and gradually accumulated five by 5 November 1916 . In 1917 , they transferred yet again , to Escadrille 84 , and closed out their string with their seventh win on 21 August 1917 . The much traveled ace would be temporarily withdrawn for a rest , then assigned to Escadrilles 15 and 31 before ending the war in 23 .
De Bonnefoy remained in the military after the war . They married Alice Louise Millevoye 6 March 1918 in Lyon . They became an Officer of the Légion d'honneur . They died of hypothermia after swimming in the river Ain .
Honors and awards
Médaille militaire
`` A pilot of exceptional ardor and bravery . They have distinguished themselves in a number of long distance bombardments , and has given proof of the highest military qualities during the course of recent operations . On 27 July 1916 , they downed an enemy plane and forced a second to land in its lines . Having had , on 30 July , their plane riddled by bullets during the course of aerial combat , they nevertheless succeeded , by the grace of their energy and sang-froid , to return their plane to our lines . On 3 August they downed another machine . Already cited three times . ''
Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur
`` Officer of great worth , model of sang-froid , of strength and character , has distinguished themselves during the course of their latest offensives by attacking a heavily protected enemy balloon . Médaille militaire for feats of war . Eight citations , two wounds . ''
Notes
Reference
Nieuport Aces of World War 1 . Norman Franks . Osprey Publishing , 2000. , .
Further reading
Franks , Norman ; Bailey , Frank ( 1993 ) . Over the Front : The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services , 1914–1918 London , UK : Grub Street Publishing . .
1894 births
1946 deaths
French World War I flying aces
People from Ain
French people of World War I
Deaths from hypothermia
Aaron Thomas Grant , Jr. ( July 3 , 1908 – September 22 , 1966 ) was an American football center who played one season with the Portsmouth Spartans of the National Football League . They first played college football for the Tennessee Wesleyan Bulldogs of Tennessee Wesleyan College before transferring to play for the Chattanooga Mocs of the University of Chattanooga . They attended Maryville High School in Maryville , Tennessee . Grant was inducted into the Tennessee Wesleyan Athletic Hall of Fame in 1993 .
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1908 births
1966 deaths
American football centers
Tennessee Wesleyan Bulldogs football players
Chattanooga Mocs football players
Portsmouth Spartans players
Players of American football from Tennessee
People from Roane County , Tennessee
Place of death missing
Wyoming Highway 153 ( WYO 153 ) was a short spur route of WYO 152 in central Goshen County , south of the town of Yoder and northwest of Hawk Springs .
Route description
Wyoming Highway 153 began its western end south of Yoder at Wyoming Highway 152 which travels west and north from here . WYO 153 only travelled just over a mile east before ending at Goshen County Route 133 . WYO 153 lies north of Springer Reservoir .
Major intersections
References
Official 2003 State Highway Map of Wyoming
External links
Wyoming State Routes 100-199
WYO 153 - WYO 152 to end
Transportation in Goshen County , Wyoming
153
Indi-Illi Park Historic District is a national historic district located at Hammond , Lake County , Indiana . The district encompasses 93 contributing buildings in an exclusively residential section of Hammond . It developed between about 1923 and 1940 , and includes notable example of Colonial Revival , Tudor Revival , Classical Revival , Bungalow / American Craftsman , and eclectic styles of residential architecture .
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 2012 .
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Indiana
Tudor Revival architecture in Indiana
Neoclassical architecture in Indiana
Historic districts in Hammond , Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County , Indiana
Common ARTS ( or Automated Radar Terminal System ) is an air traffic control computer system that air traffic controllers use to track aircraft .
The computer system is used to automate the air traffic controller 's job by correlating the various radar and human inputs in a meaningful way . This system is being used in most of the TRACONs around the United States . Common ARTS is the most modern implementation of ARTS in use at various locations in the United States . Standard Terminal Automation Replacement System ( STARS ) was designed to replace Common ARTS at all the US TRACONS , however that project was stalled until 2010 .
The United States Federal Aviation Administration announced in Spring 2011 that STARS will be replacing the 11 largest CARTS sites under the TAMR Segment 3 Phase 1 plan . The remaining CARTS sites will be replaced under TAMR Segment 3 Phase 2 in the near future .
RADAR Automation
A typical short range radar used in air traffic control will scan the area about 60 miles every 4–6 seconds . The primary signal returned will contain a range and azimuth of a target . Automation will correlate these targets scan to scan and make estimates of speed and direction . A secondary signal ( Transponder ( aviation ) ) may be available , containing the aircraft transponder code , and possibly altitude ( and possibly other information if Mode S ) . The automation will correlate the primary and secondary signals , and measure horizontal and vertical speed estimates .
Once the automation systems know the details of the aircraft it is tracking , this information is available on the display , as part of the datablock near the aircraft representation . The information will typically show an aircraft ID , if the transponder code is associated with a known flight plan , the altitude , and speed .
Other systems can use the speed and direction information . The safety systems need to use this information . The conflict alert ( CA ) system will compare the direction , altitude and speed of multiple aircraft to see if there are any possibilities of aircraft being too close together . Maps of the area along with Mode C or S transponder elevations will allow minimum safe altitude warning ( MSAW ) systems to warn controllers of possible terrain conflicts .
Additional systems may include any of the Final Approach Spacing ( FAST/pFAST ) tools available , User Request Evaluation Tool , and Parallel Runway monitors .
History
ARTS was developed in the late 1960s by Univac corporation to help automate the TRACONS operations in the United States . At many TRACONs , a Unisys mainframe computer was installed to handle the processing . In the early 1970s virtually all TRACONs in the US were running ARTS software to help track aircraft displayed on the radar console . The Burroughs Corporation was also working on radar display consoles in the 1970s to 1980s .
In 1986 , Univac and Burroughs Corporations merged creating Unisys .
By the early 1980s an effort was proposed to port the ARTS functionality to microprocessors . Unisys began this program , and the name changed to CommonARTS . The CommonARTS processes were running on Motorola 68000 microprocessors . The software was mostly rewritten in the C language , running on various real-time operating systems .
In the 1990s , Unisys split out some of the defense work , and Lockheed Martin acquired the air traffic management unit .
In the 1990s , most of the Common ARTS software was ported to PowerPC processors , still using the same source code , but with larger memory footprint , allowing control of more aircraft . By 1997 , there were 131 small to medium TRACONS and five large TRACONS running Common ARTS software . The PowerPC also allowed the display software to drive ARTS Color Displays ( ACD ) replacing the vector-based Full Digital ARTs Displays ( FDAD ) .
The STARS program was started to replace the Common ARTS systems at all TRACONS in the late 1990s .
In the late 1990s Automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast ( ADS-B ) support was added to Common ARTS software to augment RADAR sensors . Multiple sensor inputs were added including long range ( ARSR ) allowing larger TRACONS to have variable size and shape sectors , since they no longer needed to have round coverage areas matching a single sensor scan area .
Sources
Look about page 18-21
http : //www.usfamily.net/web/labenson/Legacy_files/Eagan_ATC_history.pdf
http : //findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m0GZQ/is_27_43/ai_89156890
http : //www.linuxjournal.com/article/7066
http : //www.tc.faa.gov/acb300/techreports/HighAltitude_memo.pdf
Air traffic control
Eurardy Reserve is a nature reserve in Western Australia . It is north of Geraldton , south of Carnarvon and north of Perth . It lies on the northern edge of the South West Botanical Province , adjoining Kalbarri National Park , and is owned and managed by Bush Heritage Australia ( BHA ) , by which it was purchased in 2005 .
Landscape and vegetation
The reserve has a flat relief supporting vegetation associations of high conservation value , including Mallalie ( Eucalyptus eudesmoides , bowgada and jam scrub with York gum and red mallee woodlands . It is well known for its display of spring wildflowers .
Fauna
Mammals historically present on the property include the numbat , bilby , burrowing bettong , western barred bandicoot and chuditch . Although these became locally extinct , recent reintroductions into Kalbarri National Park may herald a return to the reserve . Other animals known to be present include spinifex hopping mouse , thorny devil , fat-tailed and hairy-footed dunnarts , eastern grey kangaroo , emu and euro .
References
External links
Bush Heritage Australia
Bush Heritage Australia reserves
Nature reserves in Western Australia
2005 establishments in Australia
Prisoners of Love : A Smattering of Scintillating Senescent Songs : 1985–2003 is a best-of compilation album of songs by the band Yo La Tengo . It was available in two- or three-disc editions , the third disc being A Smattering of Outtakes and Rarities 1986–2002 .
The front and rear cover art is reminiscent of The Beatles ' Second Album in style , color and layout of band photographs .
Track listing
Disc one
`` Shaker '' ( from the Shaker EP , 1993 ) - 3:20
`` Sugarcube '' ( from I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One , 1997 ) - 3:22
`` Barnaby , Hardly Working '' ( from President Yo La Tengo , 1989 ) - 4:36
`` Little Eyes '' ( from Summer Sun , 2003 ) - 4:22
`` Stockholm Syndrome '' ( from I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One , 1997 ) - 2:53
`` Our Way to Fall '' ( from And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out , 2000 ) - 4:20
`` From a Motel 6 '' ( from Painful , 1993 ) - 4:11
`` Swing For Life '' ( from May I Sing With Me , 1992 ) - 5:16
`` Tom Courtenay '' ( from Electr-O-Pura , 1995 ) - 3:32
`` Lewis '' ( from New Wave Hot Dogs , 1987 ) - 2:30
`` I Heard You Looking '' ( from Painful , 1993 ) - 7:02
`` You Can Have It All '' ( from And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out , 2000 ) - 4:37
`` Did I Tell You '' ( from Fakebook , 1990 ) - 3:28
Disc two
`` The River of Water '' ( from The River of Water/A House Is Not a Motel - 7 '' , 1985 ) - 2:31
`` Autumn Sweater '' ( from I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One , 1997 ) - 5:19
`` Big Day Coming '' ( from Painful , 1993 ) - 4:14
`` Pablo and Andrea '' ( from Electr-O-Pura , 1995 ) - 4:17
`` Drug Test '' ( from President Yo La Tengo , 1989 ) - 4:08
`` Season of the Shark '' ( from Summer Sun , 2003 ) - 4:29
`` Upside-Down '' ( from May I Sing With Me , 1992 ) - 2:41
`` The Summer '' ( from Fakebook , 1990 ) - 2:39
`` Tears Are in Your Eyes '' ( from And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out , 2000 ) - 4:35
`` Blue Line Swinger '' ( from Electr-O-Pura , 1995 ) - 9:30
`` The Story of Jazz '' ( from New Wave Hot Dogs , 1987 ) - 3:35
`` Nuclear War '' ( version 1 ) ( from the Nuclear War EP , 2002 ) - 7:35
`` By the Time It Gets Dark '' ( Sandy Denny cover from the Little Honda EP , 1997 ) - 3:02
A Smattering of Outtakes and Rarities 1986–2002
As indicated by its title , these songs are outtakes and rarities . Some tracks were previously released as indicated .
`` Stay Away From Heaven '' - the film The Invisible Circus - 4:31
`` Pencil Test '' * - I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One session track - 3:39
`` Almost True '' * - And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out session track - 3:05
`` Tom Courtenay '' ( acoustic version ) - Camp Yo La Tengo - EP - 3:13
`` Big Day Coming '' ( demo ) * - 3:43
`` Dreaming '' ( The Cosmic Rays cover ) - 3:37
`` Bad Politics '' - Tom Courtenay single - 2:59
`` Blue-Green Arrow '' - from Earworm 7 '' - 5:42
`` Decora '' ( acoustic ) * - KCRW Morning Becomes Eclectic session , circa '95 - 3:06
`` Out the Window '' ( original version ) - That is Yo La Tengo - EP 4:16
`` Weather Shy '' from the film The Invisible Circus - 4:54
`` Dreams '' ( Fleetwood Mac cover ) - Chemical Imbalance cover mount 7 '' - 4:47
`` Autumn Sweater '' ( Kevin Shields remix ) - Autumn Sweater EP - 8:42
`` Ashes on the Ground '' - From A Motel 6 EP - 5:15
`` Mr. Ameche Plays the Stranger '' - Camp Yo La Tengo EP - 9:19
`` Magnet '' - the NRBQ tribute album The Q People 4:10
References
2006 greatest hits albums
Yo La Tengo albums
Viacheslav Mikhail-ipa Tsugba ( , ; born 1 January 1944 ) was the third Prime Minister of the Republic of Abkhazia ( a de facto independent republic of Georgia ) from December 1999 to May 2001 . Before their appointment as Prime Minister , Tsugba had headed the Central Election Committee , which had overseen the internationally unrecognised simultaneously held October 1999 presidential election and constitutional referendum .
Early life and career
Viacheslav Tsugba was born on 1 January 1944 in the village of Aatsy in the Gudauta district of what was then the Abkhazian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic . In 1970 , Tsugba graduated from the Sukhumi Pedagological Institute . In 1978 , they became aspirant member of the Academy of Social Sciences of the CPSU Central Committee . From 1973 until 1975 , Tsugba was 1st secretary of the Abkhazian regional committee of the Komsomol , from 1975 until 1978 they were 1st secretary of the Ochamchira raikom of the CPSU , and from 1978 to 1989 Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers and a deputy of the Supreme Council of the Abkhazian ASSR .
On 20 July 1991 , Tsugba was appointed Chairman of the Central Election Commission of Abkhazia .
Prime minister
After Vladislav Ardzinba 's re-election as President , Viacheslav Tsugba was appointed Prime Minister on 20 December 1999 .
Tsugba 's time as Prime Minister was marked by a relative thawing of tensions between Abkhazia and Georgia . While Tsugba , like all the other Prime Ministers , strongly opposed any idea of reunification with Georgia , and highly criticised cross-border raids by Georgian paramilitaries , they managed to demilitarise the conflict to a degree . This was highlighted by an agreement signed in July 2000 , where both sides agreed not to settle the conflict by force . They tended to negotiate alongside foreign minister Sergei Shamba , rather than handling negotiations himself .
In the first months of 2001 , Tsugba was increasingly criticised by the opposition , led by the Amtsakhara movement . On 15 May 2001 Tsugba handed in their resignation . This remained secret for two weeks , and rumours that Tsugba had handed in their resignation which surfaced towards the end of May were denied by the President 's press spokesperson Raul Agrba . But on 30 May , President Ardzinba accepted Tsugba 's resignation .
In their resignation request , Tsugba 's explanation was that `` serious problems have arisen in connection with lawmaking , the professional qualifications of personnel at all levels of administration , from the highest to the lowest , with their accountability and the need to improve management and increase strict control and institute an uncompromising fight against crime . ''
Vice Speaker of Parliament
Tsugba has been a member of the People 's Assembly of Abkhazia since 2002 and is one of its current Vice Speakers .
References
1944 births
Living people
People from Gudauta District
Prime Ministers of Abkhazia
3rd convocation of the People 's Assembly of Abkhazia
4th convocation of the People 's Assembly of Abkhazia
Vice Premiers of Abkhazia
Chiefs of the Cabinet Staff of Abkhazia
Daniel Tiago Duarte ( born 21 February 1988 ) , simply known as Danielzinho is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Atlético Cearense as a forward .
On 30 June 2013 , they signed for Cypriot club AEL Limassol .
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
São Bernardo Futebol Clube players
Avaí FC players
Sport Club do Recife players
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
AEL Limassol players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Cypriot First Division players
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Footballers from São Paulo
is a railway station on the Ube Line in Ube , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Ubeshinkawa Station is served by the Ube Line , with through services to and from the Onoda Line .
Layout
The station has a `` Midori no Madoguchi '' staffed ticket office .
Adjacent stations
History
The first station opened on January 9 , 1914 . The station was moved and rebuilt at the current location on August 1 , 1923 .
The station is depicted in the 2021 anime film Evangelion : 3.0+1.0 Thrice Upon a Time , directed by Ube native Hideaki Anno .
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Stations of West Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
Tubarão is a municipality in Santa Catarina state , Brazil .
Tubarão may also refer to :
Tubarão River , a river in Santa Catarina state , Brazil
Port of Tubarão , a port in Espírito Santo state , Brazil
Tubarão people , an ethnic group of Rondônia state , Brazil
Tubarão language , a language spoken in Rondônia state , Brazil
Tubarão Futebol Clube , a Brazilian football club ( not to be confused with Clube Atlético Tubarão )
Bruno Tubarão , Brazilian football player
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Ministry of Rural Development may refer to :
Ministry of Rural Development ( Cambodia )
Ministry of Rural Development ( Hungary )
Ministry of Rural Development ( India )
Ministry of Rural Development ( Malaysia )
Templelands is a Georgian terrace in Dunbar , East Lothian , Scotland . According to the listed building report for the property , it dates to circa 1820 , . The late ceramist Margery Clinton lived at 2 Templelands between 1995 and 2005 . Today number 1 is a private home and pottery studio run by Philip Revell , while number 2 is partly operated as holiday accommodation .
Templelands comprises a terrace of two symmetrical , two-storey-and-basement houses . Each house has three bays . The building has an ashlar front , rubble basement and rear , and rusticated quoins , and other decorative features . The central doorways have Ionic surrounds , panelled doors , and plate glass fanlights . The building was listed at Category B in 1971 .
References
Houses in East Lothian
Listed houses in Scotland
Category B listed buildings in East Lothian
Dunbar
The Wolf Award is an accolade conferred by a non-profit organization known as The Wolf Project to individuals , organizations , and communities in recognition of their efforts to reduce racial intolerance and to improve peace and understanding . The Wolf Award , which has also come to be known as The International Wolf Award , consists of a certificate of appreciation and a sculpture of a howling wolf , presented in ceremonial fashion to the recipient .
The symbol of the wolf was chosen because the founders of The Wolf Project felt that wolves serve as a reminder that society 's survival depends upon cooperation and collaboration .
The Wolf Project was developed by Heather Acres and Beatrice MacTavish of Flin Flon , Manitoba , and was initiated with the hope that by acknowledging the efforts of those striving to ameliorate relations between diverse cultures and peoples , others would be encouraged to become involved . For their work , Acres received the Governor General of Canada 's Meritorious Service Award , and MacTavish received the Manitoba Provincial Order of the Buffalo Hunt .
Recipients
Some recipients of The Wolf Award are listed as follows :
Nelson Mandela ( 1918 - 2013 ) received The Wolf Award for their work in human rights advocacy . The wolf sculpture was presented in 1995 in South Africa by Canadian aboriginal leaders Phil Fontaine and George Muswagon , and was kept by Mr. Mandela in a place of honor just outside their office door .
Chief Arvol Looking Horse was presented The Wolf Award in 1996 for their work promoting racial equality and social justice . They are the spiritual leader of the Lakota , Dakota , and Nakota Nations and the 19th generation keeper of the Sacred White Buffalo Calf Pipe .
Minnijean Brown-Trickey , for their contributions to improving race relations . Minnijean was one of nine African-American students who enrolled in the all-white Little Rock Central High School in 1957 . The students , who later came to be known as the Little Rock Nine , were forced to face down an angry mob of white protesters and desegregate the school . Brown-Trickey later spent many years in Canada , where they became an advocate for aboriginal peoples . They received The Wolf Award in June , 1998 in Hull , Quebec .
Elder William Commanda ( 1913 - 2011 ) received The Wolf Award for their efforts promoting intercultural understanding and racial harmony . Elder Commanda was Keeper of the Seven Fires Prophecy Belt , which dates back to the 15th century and purportedly teaches the history of the indigenous peoples of North America . The Wolf was presented to Elder Commanda in November , 1998 by members of the Algonquin Nation on the River Desert Reserve in Maniwaki , Quebec .
Professor Gracelyn Smallwood , recognized for their commitment to advancing the human rights of indigenous Australians , and for promoting , encouraging and honoring inter-racial harmony in Australia .
The award was presented in Toowoomba , Queensland at the University of South Queensland 's Second World Indigenous Pathways Conference in November , 1998 by aboriginal rights advocates Elijah Harper of Canada and Angela Mulgrew of Australia .
Christ Church Cathedral , Ottawa . The congregation of Christ Church Cathedral was honored with The Wolf Award for their support of the Noongam Traditional Pow Wow , held annually in Ottawa , Ontario . The pow wow provides aboriginal and non-aboriginal people a venue to share and experience diverse aspects of aboriginal culture . The award was presented in April , 2005 by William Commanda and Wolf Project co-founder Beatrice MacTavish .
The Edmonton Police Service , for promoting positive relations between cultural communities , and for establishing the Oskayak Police Academy , which provides aboriginal youth hands-on experiences with police in a culturally sensitive environment . The Police Service was nominated for the award by aboriginal community leaders . It was presented October 26 , 2016 in Edmonton , Alberta .
In year 2021 , Farhan Wilayat Butt ( a Lahore-based Pakistani philanthropist and peace activist ) received The Wolf Award for raising their voice for the rights and protection of religious minorities in Pakistan in order to reduce religious extremism , racial intolerance and sectarian violence .
Eligibility
Any individual , organization , or community is eligible to receive The Wolf Award , if they work to reduce racial intolerance and to improve peace and understanding , and are nominated .
References
External links
The Wolf Project
Human rights awards
The women 's 5000 metres walk event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney , Australia , at International Athletic Centre on 24 August .
Medalists
Results
Final
24 August
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 25 athletes from 17 countries participated in the event .
References
5000 metres walk
Racewalking at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The Seattle Mariners ' 2000 season was the franchise 's 24th , and ended in the American League Championship Series , falling to the New York Yankees in six games .
The regular season ended with the Mariners finishing 2nd in the American League West but earning the franchise 's first wild card berth , with a record . In the playoffs , they swept the Chicago White Sox in the American League Division Series , then were defeated by the New York Yankees .
Offseason
November 17 , 1999 : Rich Butler was signed as a free agent by the Mariners .
December 15 , 1999 : John Olerud was signed as a free agent by the Mariners .
January 14 , 2000 : Brian Lesher was signed as a free agent by the Mariners .
January 19 , 2000 : Joe Oliver was signed as a free agent by the Mariners .
February 10 , 2000 : Ken Griffey Jr. was traded by the Mariners to the Cincinnati Reds for Mike Cameron , Brett Tomko , Antonio Pérez , and Jake Meyer ( minors ) .
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
May 19 , 2000 : Rickey Henderson was signed as a free agent by the Seattle Mariners .
July 9 , 2000 : Wladimir Balentien was signed as an amateur free agent by the Mariners .
July 31 , 2000 : John Mabry and Tom Davey were traded by the Mariners to the San Diego Padres for Al Martin .
September 28 , 2000 : Termel Sledge was sent by the Seattle Mariners to the Montreal Expos to complete an earlier deal made on August 8 , 2000 . The Seattle Mariners sent players to be named later to the Montreal Expos for players to be named later and Chris Widger . The Seattle Mariners sent Sean Spencer ( August 10 , 2000 ) and Terrmel Sledge ( September 28 , 2000 ) to the Montreal Expos to complete the trade .
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note : Pos = Position ; G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note : G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; R = Runs ; H = Hits ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in ; Avg . = Batting average ; SB = Stolen bases
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; SV = Saves ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
ALDS
Seattle wins the series , 3-0
ALCS
Seattle Mariners vs. New York Yankees
Yankees win the Series , 4-2
Farm system
Major League Baseball Draft
The following is a list of 2000 Seattle Mariners draft picks . The Mariners took part in the June regular draft , also known as the Rule 4 draft . The Mariners made 47 selections in the 2000 draft , the first being pitcher Sam Hays in the fourth round . In all , the Mariners selected 21 pitchers , 13 outfielders , 6 catchers , 5 shortstops , and 2 third basemen .
Draft
Key
Table
References
External links
2000 Seattle Mariners at Baseball Reference
2000 Seattle Mariners team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Seattle Mariners seasons
2000 in sports in Washington ( state )
Seattle Mariners season
Isaac Kiese Thelin ( born 24 June 1992 ) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Malmö FF and the Sweden national team . A full international since 2014 , they have won more than 30 caps for Sweden and represented their country at the 2018 FIFA World Cup .
Club career
Early career
Kiese Thelin began their career at Karlslunds IF from Örebro , a club they had been playing football for since the age of five . They played from the club as they played in Sweden 's Division 1 , Division 2 and Division 3 . In 2011 , they transferred to newly promoted Allsvenskan side IFK Norrköping . Kiese Thelin made their breakthrough in the 2012 season when they appeared in eleven matches for the club and scored twice . For the 2013 season they increased their appearances to 25 and scored another four goals . After having appeared regularly during the beginning of the 2014 season , it was announced on 4 June 2014 that Kiese Thelin had signed a four-year contract with fellow Allsvenskan club and reigning champions Malmö FF .
Malmö FF
On 4 June 2014 , it was announced that Kiese Thelin would transfer to Malmö FF . It was announced that Malmö FF were in negotiations with IFK Norrköping to complete the transfer in summer of 2014 instead of completing the transfer after the season when Kiese Thelin 's contract ended . On 5 July 2014 it was confirmed by Malmö FF that Kiese Thelin would join the club on 15 July 2014 . They made their debut for the club in the first leg of the second qualifying round to the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League against FK Ventspils on 16 July 2014 . Kiese Thelin would prove to play a crucial part of the team that defended the Allsvenskan league title and qualified for the group stage of the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League . In their 14 league appearances for the club they scored five goals , the first against Kalmar FF in the away fixture on 19 July 2014 . They also scored two important goals for the club in the UEFA Champions League qualifying campaign , the first in the away game against FK Ventspils on 23 July 2014 and the second in the away game against Sparta Prague on 29 July 2014 . Overall Kiese Thelin participated in all of the club 's 12 matches in the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League . After the season , they were nominated for newcomer of the year at Svenska idrottsgalan . On 20 January 2015 Malmö FF announced that they had reached a verbal agreement with Ligue 1 side Bordeaux for the transfer of Kiese Thelin .
Bordeaux
On 22 January 2015 , Ligue 1 club Bordeaux confirmed the transfer of Kiese Thelin . They signed a contract lasting until 2019 . They made their debut two days later in a goalless draw against SC Bastia , appearing in the whole match .
Loan to RSC Anderlecht
On 5 January 2017 , the Swedish striker joined Belgian Jupiler Pro League giant Anderlecht on loan . They were resent to Anderlecht on 24 May for the following season .
Anderlecht
On 31 August 2017 , RSC Anderlecht bought their rights from Bordeaux and loaned them to Waasland-Beveren .
Loan to Bayer Leverkusen
On 7 August 2018 , Bayer 04 Leverkusen announced the signing on Kiese Thelin on a season-long loan , until 30 June 2019 .
Loan to Malmö FF
On 9 January 2020 , Kiese Thelin returned to former club Malmö FF on a season-long loan . On 8 November 2020 they scored their 13th Allsvenskan goal of the season in a 4–0 win against IK Sirius to help Malmö FF become Swedish Champions for the 21st time .
Loan to Kasımpaşa
Kiese Thelin signed for Turkish Süper Lig side Kasımpaşa on loan in January 2021 .
Baniyas
In September 2021 , Kiese Thelin signed with Baniyas .
Return to Malmö FF
Kiese Thelin spent 2021 in Turkey and the United Arab Emirates at Kasımpaşa and Baniyas respectively . Ahead of the 2022 Allsvenskan season , they then returned to Malmö FF on a free transfer , signing a four-year contract with the club .
International career
Kiese Thelin was selected for Sweden U17 in 2009 , they made three caps and scored once .
Thelin was selected for Sweden U21 in 2014 and scored two goals in their first two appearances . They made their international debut on 15 November 2014 against Montenegro .
In May 2018 they were named in the Sweden national team 's 23-man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia .
Personal life
They were born to a Swedish mother and a Congolese father .
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Sweden 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Kiese Thelin goal .
Honours
Karlslunds IF
Division 3 Västra Svealand : 2011
Malmö FF
Allsvenskan : 2014 , 2020
Svenska Cupen : 2021–22
Svenska Supercupen : 2014
Anderlecht
Belgian First Division : 2016–17
Belgian Super Cup : 2017
Sweden U21
UEFA European Under-21 Championship : 2015
References
External links
Bordeaux profile
1992 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Association football forwards
IFK Norrköping players
Malmö FF players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
R.S.C . Anderlecht players
Bayer 04 Leverkusen players
S.K . Beveren players
Kasımpaşa S.K . footballers
Baniyas Club players
Allsvenskan players
Ligue 1 players
Belgian First Division A players
Bundesliga players
Süper Lig players
UAE Pro League players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in France
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Sportspeople from Örebro
Sweden international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Swedish people of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
Swedish sportspeople of African descent
European sportspeople of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
2018 FIFA World Cup players
First Baptist Church is a historic Southern Baptist church on D'Olive Street in Bay Minette , Alabama . It was built in 1914 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 . The Bay Minette Public Library currently occupies the building .
References
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Churches completed in 1914
Churches in Baldwin County , Alabama
Public libraries in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Baldwin County , Alabama
Southern Baptist Convention churches
Don Leonard ( 1925–2002 ) was a South African film actor .
Career
They appeared in ten films between 1965 and 1979 .
Filmography
References
Further reading
Tomaselli , Keyan ( 1989 ) . The Cinema of Apartheid — Race and Class in South African Film . Routledge ( London , England ; New York City ) . .
External links
1925 births
South African male film actors
2002 deaths
The following is the discography of Pilotpriest , including albums and singles . Pilotpriest is Anthony Scott Burns ' DJ name . They have released a number of albums and EPs , as well as multiple singles and remixes . The 2010 single `` 4th of July ( Fireworks ) '' by Kelis samples `` You 're My Heart ( Pilotpriest Remix ) '' by Lioness , which was released in 2009 .
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
Remixes
References
External links
Pilotpriest at Vimeo
Pilotpriest at Bandcamp
Pilotpriest at YouTube
Discographies of Canadian artists
Antonina Prusinowska , or Pruszanowska , or Prosinowska ( fl . 1767 ) , was a Polish stage actor . They were the first native actor in Poland .
Prusinowska was employed as a member of the pioneer group of actors engaged upon the foundation of the National Theatre , Warsaw . Prior to this , only foreign theater companies , normally French and Italian , had been active in Poland , and the foundation of the national theater also signified the start point of the first professional Polish theater , and the actors employed at the newly founded theater was thus the first native professional actors in Poland . With no training , they were tutored by the theater direction , the playwrights and enthusiastic noble amateurs .
They participated in the inauguration performance of the National Theatre , Natrętów , on 19 November 1765 , likely in the role of Lucyndę . Thus , they and their female colleague , Wiktoria Leszczyńska , became historic as the first native actores in Poland . A critic mentioned , that the two actores were both noblewomen who had abandoned their husbands , and that they both acted well , if somewhat hesitant . They were both active at the theater for two years . Prusinowska were given the highest salary as the theater 's leading lady , and acted in comedies by F. Bohomolec before their retirement in 1767 .
References
Laurence Senelick : National Theatre in Northern and Eastern Europe , 1746-1900 , 1991
Źródło : Słownik Biograficzny Teatru Polskiego 1765-1965 , PWN Warszawa 1973
Polish women singers
18th-century Polish–Lithuanian opera singers
Polish stage actores
Polish nobility
18th-century Polish–Lithuanian actores
Year of birth unknown
Michael Balls ( born 1938 ) is a British zoologist and professor emeritus of medical cell biology at the University of Nottingham . They are best known for their work on laboratory animal welfare and alternatives to animal testing .
Early life and education
Balls was born in 1938 in Norwich , Norfolk , the third son of Nellie Mary ( née Dawson ) and Charles Edward Dunbar Balls . They studied zoology at Oxford University , graduating with a second in 1960 . They conducted research for a DPhil from Oxford at the University of Geneva Switzerland between 1961 and 1964 , followed by post-doctoral research at the University of California , Berkeley , CA , and at Reed College , Portland , OR , from 1964 to 1966 .
Academic career
Balls lectured in the School of Biological Sciences at the University of East Anglia , a job that they had got through their friend Ian Gibson . During that time they taught at Eton for a term . In 1975 , they moved to the University of Nottingham Medical School as a senior lecturer in the Department of Human Morphology . Balls became Reader in Medical Cell Biology in 1985 and was promoted to Professor of Medical Cell Biology in 1990 . Since 1995 , they have been an Emeritus Professor at Nottingham .
Balls became a Trustee of Fund for the Replacement of Animals in Medical Experiments ( FRAME ) in 1979 , and was Chairman of the Trustees from 1981 until their resignation in June 2013 . They became Editor of Alternatives to Laboratory Animals ( ATLA ) in 1983 .
They acted as an adviser to the British government during the drafting and passage of the Animals ( Scientific Procedures ) Act 1986 and , from 1987–1995 , was a founder member of the Animal Procedures Committee ( which advises the Home Secretary on all matters related to animal experimentation ) . In 1993 , Balls became the first Head of the European Centre for the Validation of Alternative Methods . They retired from this position in 2002 .
In 2002 , Balls was appointed a CBE .
Awards
Björn Ekwall Memorial Award ( BEMA ) ( 2015 ) : `` In recognition of their pioneering work in promoting animal welfare and alternatives to animal testing ''
Personal life
They are the father of politician Ed Balls and investment officer Andrew Balls .
References
External links
Biography at the Institute for In Vitro Sciences , Inc .
1938 births
Living people
Academics of the University of East Anglia
Academics of the University of Nottingham
Alumni of the University of Oxford
British zoologists
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British animal welfare scholars
British animal welfare workers
Reed College alumni
Ed Balls
The Ford Tennis Championships was a tennis tournament held annually in Louisville , Kentucky from 2006 to 2008 . The event was part of the `` challenger series and was played on indoor hard courts .
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
Defunct tennis tournaments in the United States
Hard court tennis tournaments in the United States
ATP Challenger Tour
Sports competitions in Louisville , Kentucky
Tennis in Kentucky
Recurring sporting events established in 2006
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2008
2006 establishments in Kentucky
2008 disestablishments in Kentucky
`` Hustler 's Anthem '09 '' is a song written by Busta Rhymes . Produced by Ty Fyffe , it is the second single from Busta Rhymes ' album Back on My B.S .. It features American singer T-Pain . The song was released in digital format on February 10 , 2009 , by Universal Motown .
Background
`` Hustler 's Anthem '09 '' was leaked early January 2009 . It officially became the second single of Back on My B.S . on February 10 , 2009 .
Remixes
The official remix was released featuring T-Pain , Ryan Leslie , OJ Da Juiceman , and Gucci Mane .
Music video
The music video was released April 6 , 2009 on 106 & Park when Busta Rhymes themselves came and introduced it . It 's shot through fishlens with cameos of Spliff Star . A trailer for the music video was released on March 24 , 2009 . It was directed by famous music video director Hype Williams who has directed most of Busta Rhymes ' music videos such as `` Woo Hah ! ! Got You All in Check '' , `` Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Could See '' , `` Dangerous '' , `` Gim me Some More '' and `` What 's It Gon na Be ? ! `` .
Formats and track listings
Digital download
( Released : February 10 , 2009 )
Explicit
`` Hustler 's Anthem '09 '' – 4:29
Clean
`` Hustler 's Anthem '09 '' – 3:58
U.S. Promo CDS
( Released : February 15 , 2009 )
`` Hustler 's Anthem '09 '' ( Dirty ) – 04:29
`` Hustler 's Anthem '09 '' ( Clean ) – 04:29
`` Hustler 's Anthem '09 '' ( Instrumental ) – 04:24
`` Hustler 's Anthem '09 '' ( A cappella ) – 04:29
Charts
References
2009 singles
Busta Rhymes songs
Music videos directed by Hype Williams
T-Pain songs
Songs written by T-Pain
Songs written by Busta Rhymes
2009 songs
David John may refer to :
David John ( Mormon ) ( 1833–1908 )
David John ( snooker player ) ( born 1984 ) , or Dai John , Welsh snooker player
Dai John or David John , Welsh rugby player
David Gwilym John , Welsh cartoonist
See also
David Johns ( disambiguation )
David St. John ( born 1949 ) , American poet
John David ( disambiguation )
Sybra longicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Breuning in 1968 .
References
longicollis
Beetles described in 1968
De homine replegiando ( literally `` personal replevin '' ) is a legal remedy used to liberate a person from unlawful detention on bail , `` with a view to try the question of the validity of the law under which they are held in confinement . ''
It is the oldest common law freedom writ .
Procedure
The writ is `` of common right , and may be issued as of course . '' Once issued , a judicial order is directed to a sheriff or a deputy ordering the replevy of the prisoner in exchange for security that they will reappear for a proceeding challenging their detention .
Etymology
The French word replegiando or “ revendication ” is derived from the Latin word replegiare meaning `` pledge back . ''
References
Common law legal terminology
Court orders
Rossinavi , founded in 1980 , is an Italian shipyard based in Viareggio and specialized in the construction of full-custom steel and aluminium superyachts .
History
The Rossi shipyard was born in 1980 , when the first unlimited partnership company , bound to the mere metallic fabrication , is established by the young brothers Claudio and Paride Rossi .
The eighties see the building of the first inland and coastal passenger vessels together with the production of steel and aluminium hulls and superstructures on account of major shipyards . In the early nineties , the company starts to grow up thanks to a facilities expansions politic .
Determined to leave the subcontractor role , during 2007 the company performed a complete restyling of its image , by acquiring the new brand 'Rossinavi ' .
The new brand debuts one year later with the delivery of the 55 metre motor yacht South ( now Rarity ) , followed by the launch of the 70 metre Numptia ( now High Power III ) in 2011 . Since then , the shipyard has launched other 15 full-custom superyachts , with additional 5 motor yachts currently under construction .
Fleet
Awards
See also
Azimut Yachts
Baglietto
Benetti
Codecasa
Fincantieri
Sanlorenzo
List of Italian companies
References
External links
Rossinavi − Website
Shipbuilding companies of Italy
Shipyards of Italy
Yacht building companies
Italian boat builders
Italian companies established in 1980
Italian brands
Companies based in Tuscany
Viareggio
King George Square busway station is located in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia serving the Brisbane central business district . It is located beneath King George Square and marks the start of the Northern Busway . The station has twelve stops on two platforms ; access to these platforms is via an underground concourse which can be accessed from Ann Street or Adelaide Street . Passengers wait behind automatic doors on the stop that is assigned to their bus . It opened on 19 May 2008 .
Construction
Construction of the King George Square busway station was announced in March 2005 . Construction commenced in early 2006 and the station opened on 19 May 2008 when the Northern Busway was extended from Normanby . The lower two levels of the King George Square Car Park were demolished to make way for the station . The heritage-listed Wheat Creek Culvert ( built in 1861 ) which ran from under King George Square out into Adelaide Street was also demolished . A short segment of the culvert has been preserved as a display in the bus station .
A bus tunnel has been constructed under Albert Street to link the station with Queen Street bus station . The bus tunnel replaced one of the tunnel exit ramps to the Queen Street station on Albert Street ( see photo below ) . As part of construction , the space in Albert Street above the new tunnel has been converted into a pedestrian mall extending the Queen Street Mall .
In conjunction with the building of the station , there was a national design competition for the redevelopment of King George Square . The winning entry was entitled A Space in Transition by UrbisJHD . Construction of the Square was completed in October 2009 . The re-design of the square and its busway entrances attracted criticism from professional urban designers and the public .
In 2021 a tunnel was dug from the busway station to Adelaide Street for the Brisbane Metro project .
Facilities
King George Square busway station has 12 stops on two platforms ( 6 stops each labelled 1A-1F and 2A-2F ) . Passengers wait behind automatic doors at allocated stops rather than hailing buses . Passengers enter the station from either Ann or Adelaide Streets and then select the desired platform via an underground concourse at each end .
The station also features a bike station , cycle2city , located on the Ann Street Concourse . However , bicycles are not allowed on the station 's platforms .
When the station originally opened , it included a Transport Information Centre at the Ann Street entrance , this however was closed on 29 September 2012 .
Services
King George Square busway station primarily services routes travelling to the Northern and Western Suburbs ( departing from Platform 1 ) . A small number of routes travelling to Southern and Eastern Suburbs via the South East Busway depart from Platform 2 .
Connection to Queen Street
No Northern Busway services directly connect King George Square station with the Queen Street bus station . After stopping at King George Square ( Platform 2 ) , a number of inbound ( southbound ) services bypass Queen Street and stop or terminate at the Cultural Centre on the southern side of the Brisbane River , and vice versa . However , King George Square and the Queen Street are only a short walking distance apart .
Peak Hour Services
Following successful trials as other busway stations , Translink has introduced a peak hour prepaid restriction in order to improve efficiency of buses departing from the station . During the evening peak passengers must use a go card or pre-purchase tickets from operators located on the Ann Street and Adelaide Street concourses prior to boarding buses .
Gallery
References
External links
[ King George Square station ] TransLink
Brisbane central business district
Bus stations in Brisbane
Transport infrastructure completed in 2008
Peter Paul Everwine ( February 14 , 1930 – October 28 , 2018 ) was an American poet .
Life
Born on February 14 , 1930 in Detroit , Michigan , Everwine grew up in western Pennsylvania , and was educated in the Midwest . In 1962 , they joined Philip Levine , on the faculty of Fresno State University . They retired from there in 1992 .
They were a senior Fulbright lecturer in American poetry at the University of Haifa , Israel . In 2008 , they were visiting writer at Reed College .
Everwine is the author of seven collections of poetry . Their poetry has appeared in The Paris Review , Antaeus , and American Poetry Review .
They lived in Fresno , California , where they died on October 28 , 2018 , aged 88 .
Awards
Collecting the Animals , which won the 1972 Lamont Poetry Prize .
Stegner Fellow Stanford
Horizon Awards 2008
Best American Poetry 2008
Pushcart Prize XVII
Fellowships from The National Endowment for the Arts
Guggenheim Fellowship 1975
Work
Poetry books
Pulling the Invisible but Heavy Cart ; Last Poems . Stephen F. Austin State University Press at Nacagdoches , Texas . 2019. .
Translation
Working the Song Fields , Spring 2009 . ( A collection of their Aztec translations )
( His first book of Aztec translations )
Anthology
Ploughshares
References
External links
`` Great Books from Great Poets '' , The Olives of Oblivion , June 09 , 2008
`` Peter Everwine 's from the meadow '' , July 05 , 2007 , THE GREAT AMERICAN PINUP
`` Editors Book Pick '' , Independent Reviews , June/July 2002
California State University , Fresno faculty
Writers from Fresno , California
2018 deaths
1930 births
The 2004 Icelandic Men 's Football League Cup was the ninth staging of the Icelandic Men 's League Cup . It featured all the 2003 Úrvalsdeild karla teams and the top 6 teams from 1. deild karla in 2003 .
The competition started on 20 February 2004 and concluded on 8 May 2004 with FH beating KR 2-1 in the final .
Details
The 16 teams were divided into 2 groups of 8 teams . Each team plays one match with other teams in the group once . The top 4 teams from each group qualified for the quarter-finals .
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
See also
Icelandic Men 's Football Cup
Knattspyrnusamband Íslands - The Icelandic Football Association
Icelandic First Division League 2004
References
RSSSF Page - Deildabikar 2004
2004 domestic association football cups
2004 in Icelandic football
Icelandic Men 's Football League Cup
The men 's triple jump event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 28 February–1 March .
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification performance : 16.90 ( Q ) or at least 12 best performers ( q ) advanced to the final .
Final
References
Qualification results
Final results
Triple jump at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
Triple
Shirley Hall Nichols ( September 26 , 1884 - 1964 ) was a missionary bishop of The Episcopal Church in Japan and Western Kansas .
References
1884 births
1964 deaths
Episcopal bishops of Kansas
Aloysius Joseph Schulte ( 1858–1940 ) was the first president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport , Iowa , from 1882 to 1891 .
Biography
Schulte was born in Fort Madison , Iowa . They received their classical education from St. Francis Seminary in Milwaukee , and studied for the priesthood at St. John 's University in Collegeville , Minnesota . They were ordained a priest on December 28 , 1881 , by Bishop John McMullen , first bishop of the Diocese of Davenport , at St. Margaret 's Cathedral . They were the first priest ordained for the diocese .
After ordination Schulte worked as a cathedral assistant before they were slated by McMullen to organize St. Ambrose College . The school had 40 high school students during the first year , and 85 students when they left . In addition to their administrative responsibilities they taught Latin , German and rhetoric . During Schulte 's presidency , the central portion of Ambrose Hall was built . In 1889 they were appointed to a committee to promote and ensure quality education in the schools of the diocese by Bishop Henry Cosgrove .
After leaving St. Ambrose College , Schulte took a pastorate at St. Mary 's Church in Iowa City . They would spend nearly 50 years as pastor of St. Mary 's during which time many expansion and improvement projects were undertaken . They also focused their attention on the parish school . At the very beginning of their pastorate the present rectory was built in 1892 . The same year they purchased property for a new school and the new building was built the following year . High school grades were added to the school in 1897 , and Schulte saw to it that the school was accredited by the State University of Iowa . It was the first Catholic high school is the state to receive the accreditation . The church was renovated and redecorated from 1907-1908 . An addition was built on to the school in 1911 , which included an auditorium and cafeteria , and a new convent was built for the Sisters who taught in the school in 1926 .
Bishop Henry Rohlman nominated Schulte for papal honors twice . In 1927 Pope Pius XI named Schulte a Domestic Prelate , and in 1931 named them a Protonotary Apostolic . Both honors allowed Schulte the use of the title Right Reverend Monsignor . Msgr . Schulte died while still pastor at St. Mary 's on January 17 , 1940 , and was buried in St. Joseph 's Cemetery in Iowa City . They were 81 years old . They do have some relatives living in Iowa today .
References
1858 births
1940 deaths
Presidents of St. Ambrose University
Roman Catholic Diocese of Davenport
People from Fort Madison , Iowa
People from Davenport , Iowa
American Roman Catholic priests
Religious leaders from Iowa
Catholics from Iowa
Eldred is a surname of Anglo-Saxon origin .
People of this surname
Arthur Rose Eldred ( 1895–1951 ) , American business person and the first Eagle Scout
Brad Eldred ( born 1980 ) , American baseball player
Brick Eldred ( 1892–1976 ) , American baseball player
Cal Eldred ( born 1967 ) , American baseball player
Dale Eldred ( 1933–1993 ) , American sculptor
Eric Eldred ( born 1943 ) , American business person and plaintiff in the 2003 court case , Eldred v. Ashcroft
Foss O. Eldred ( 1884–1956 ) , American politician and Michigan Attorney General ( 1946 )
Janet Eldred , American professor and author
John Eldred ( 1552–1632 ) , English traveller and merchant
John Eldred ( MP ) ( 1629–1717 ) , Member of the Parliament of England for Harwich in 1689
Mike Eldred , American guitarist and luthier
Mike Eldred , American musical theater performer
Pamela Eldred ( born 1948 ) , American beauty pageant winner , Miss America 1970
Ted Eldred ( 1920–2005 ) , Australian scuba gear designer
Thomas Brownell Eldred ( 1903–1993 ) , American painter and printmaker
Thomas Eldred ( 1561–1624 ) , English merchant and mariner
William Eldred ( 1563–1646 ) , English gunner
References
Claude Dupuy may refer to :
Claude Dupuy ( bishop ) ( 1901–1989 ) , Archbishop of Albi
Claude Dupuy ( jurist ) ( 1545–1594 ) , Parisian jurist , humanist and bibliophile
Claude-Thomas Dupuy ( 1678–1738 ) , French lawyer and Intendant of New France from 1726 to 1728
Capital program management software ( CPMS ) refers to the systems that are currently available that help to build owner/operators , program managers , and construction managers , control and manage the vast amount of information that capital construction projects create . A collection , or portfolio of projects only makes this a bigger challenge . These systems go by different names : capital project management software , construction management software , project management information systems .
Generic vs. construction project software
These systems differentiate themselves from 'generic ' project management software , and from construction management software in that they are geared towards the way the project owner , not the contractor , architect , or engineer , manage project information and processes . Also , construction management software is more focused on single projects , and execution of construction administration processes , vs. capital program planning , design , and construction . The last 10 years have seen a shift in how project information is managed from the general contractor to the owner .
These systems are also geared towards managing a large portfolio of projects , not just a single project . There are a lot of software applications available that are suitable for managing a single project , but lack the reporting capabilities that would allow stakeholders to get summary data on project status and risks .
In its most basic form , capital program management software is a database that centralizes key project information related to processes , project scope , cost , and schedule . This software enables a methodical approach to data entry , process management , and information retrieval .
Capital program management software differs from generic project management systems in that the former leverages the lessons learned over hundreds , if not thousands , of projects to standardize how information is managed , controlled , and distributed . The software developers have in-house staff that are familiar with processes in construction , and the most common challenges facing construction professionals .
Components
The most widely available CPMS systems include , at the very least , the following components :
Document management – used to store a wide array of files that can include contracts , specifications , drawings , BIM models
Process automation/workflow – used to map out a specific , repetitive and time-consuming process ( e.g. , budget change ) in the software so that it follows a prescribed path in an automated fashion
Schedule management and control – used to track the project schedule of one or more projects , depending on the number of projects corresponding to the overall program
Cost control and management – replaces Excel spreadsheets by providing a controlled system that allows for the methodical entry of cost data , and automated tracking of changes to cost information ( e.g. , change orders )
Reporting engine and dashboard creation – the engine that allows for stakeholders to make sense of all the data that 's stored in the system , and enables informed decision making
Types of information and related processes this software addresses
This information can manifest itself as cost items in a contract ( e.g. , construction costs , design fees , materials costs , FF & E costs , contingency costs , and more ) . Information can also relate to construction project schedules , and a broad range of processes whereby information is exchanged by the many stakeholders involved . These processes include payment applications , RFIs , change orders , budget changes , action items , submittals , transmittals , and a host of other communications .
Significance
For projects to be delivered on time , on budget , and within the predefined scope that was agreed upon at the beginning of any project , this information must be available to help project stakeholders ( directors of construction , project managers , architects , engineers , contractors , subcontractors , suppliers , others ) make informed decisions . Every day , construction professionals must make decisions that rely on accessibility to information . Project managers may delay responses because they 're unsure of the validity of the information at their hands , or need to wait to consolidate information from multiple sources to be able to analyze the data . The accuracy and reliability of this information can make a difference between a project being delayed and going over budget .
This challenge is in addition to all the other decisions construction professionals face every day – unforeseen conditions , safety issues , quality control , and a host of other challenges . Capital program management software provides a platform where stakeholders can enter information , retrieve it in a way that makes sense by way of reports , summary screens , or dashboards , and maintain an audit trail ( play by play ) of what has transpired in a project . It is not uncommon for financial auditors or regulators ( depending on the nature of the project and industry ) to access these systems to determine compliance with existing regulations .
References
External links
Microsoft Enterprise project management for government
Oracle Primavera Unifier
Project management software
HSBC Bank USA , National Association , an American subsidiary of multinational company HSBC , is a bank with its operational head office in New York City and its nominal head office in McLean , Virginia ( as designated on its charter ) . HSBC Bank USA , N.A . is a national bank chartered under the National Bank Act , and thus is regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) , a part of the U.S. Department of the Treasury . The company has 159 branch locations .
In 2012 , HSBC paid a record $ 1.9 billion fine for laundering more than $ 881,000,000 on behalf of criminal cartels , such as the Sinaloa drug cartel . While under probation for these actions , leaked documents from 2020 revealed that HSBC continued to process substantial transactions with alleged criminal networks , even after HSBC compliance staff warned about specific clients .
History
In 1980 , The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation acquired a 51 % controlling interest in Marine Midland Bank , headquartered in Buffalo , New York . HSBC acquired the remaining interest in 1987 . The banks continued to operate under the Marine Midland name until 1998 , when the offices were re-branded as HSBC Bank .
In 1994 , Marine Midland acquired Spectrum Home Mortgage , which operated in eight states . In 1995 , Marine Midland acquired United Northern Federal Savings Bank , with branches in Watertown and Lowville , New York . Marine Midland also acquired The HSBC 's 6 New York City retail branches , and the next year Hang Seng Bank 's two branches in New York City .
That same year , Marine Midland acquired 11 branches from the East River Savings Bank in the New York Metropolitan area . Marine also acquired the US dollar clearing business of JPMorgan Chase . At the same time , HSBC transferred 2 branches in the northwestern United States to HSBC Bank Canada . The next year , Marine completed its acquisition of First Federal Savings and Loan from Toronto-based Canada Trust , for $ 620 million . First Federal Savings , headquartered in Rochester , had $ 7.2 billion in assets , 1,600 employees , 79 retail branches in New York State and 15 mortgage origination offices in 9 states .
In 1998 , Marine Midland acquired First Commercial Bank of Philadelphia , which had $ 90 million in assets and $ 78 million in deposits in two branches and focused on the Asian-American community , for $ 23.75 million .
In 1999 , the company acquired Republic New York for $ 10.3 billion and moved its head office from One HSBC Center in Buffalo to what is now the HSBC Tower on Fifth Avenue .
In 2004 , HSBC USA sold two upstate New York branches to Gloversville-based City National Bank & Trust Co. HSBC did not have enough nearby branches to give it economies of scale .
In July 2011 , the company sold its branches in upstate New York to First Niagara Financial Group for $ 1 billion , effectively selling-off the core of the old Marine Midland Bank .
In 2015 , the company paid $ 30 million to settle a lawsuit regarding overdraft fees .
In 2016 , the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency imposed a $ 35 million fine on the company for deceptive billing practices .
In 2019 , HSBC announced plans to open new branches , including one in Depew , New York , near one of its remaining back offices in Buffalo . This came as a surprise after HSBC sold its branch network in Upstate New York in 2012 to First Niagara , KeyBank , Community Bank , N.A . and Five-Star Bank .
In January 2019 , HSBC announced it would open two new branches in Western New York , as part of the bank 's initiative to open 50 branches in new and existing markets in the United States . In February 2020 , Reuters News Agency reported that HSBC Holdings would shed $ 100 billion in assets , shrink its investment bank and revamp its U.S. and European businesses , including closing around a third of its 224 branches and target only international and wealthier clients .
In February 2021 it was reported that HSBC is planning to pull out of all retail banking in the United States and that it is exploring a sale of its remaining 150 branches . These reports proved true ; on May 26 , 2021 , HSBC announced that it would abandon the United States retail market as part of a pivot to Asia . Eighty HSBC branches on the East Coast are expected to be sold to Citizens Bank , as are HSBC 's online operations . HSBC 's 10 West Coast branches are expected to be sold to Cathay Bank . 35-40 branches are expected to be closed entirely rather than be sold to another bank . HSBC also announced it would maintain around two dozen locations within the United States , converting the branches from standard retail banks to `` international wealth centers '' for the use of international travelers who use HSBC , corporations , and certain high net-worth clients .
Money laundering and organized crime
In December 2012 , HSBC paid a record $ 1.9 billion fine for laundering in excess of $ 881,000,000 in drug cartel money and violating anti-terrorism sanctions . The cartels that HSBC helped included the Sinaloa cartel .
In September 2020 , the FinCEN Files probe revealed that HSBC moved vast sums of dirty money for international criminals . HSBC did so even though compliance officers raised warnings about the sources of nearly $ 1.5 billion that was processed through the bank . Investigative reporting revealed that at least $ 900 million came from shell companies linked to alleged criminal networks . HSBC did these actions even though it was under probation by the U.S. for its past role in money laundering on behalf of criminal syndicates .
The FinCEN files also revealed that HSBC moved suspect money from Russia .
Operations
HSBC Bank works with OneSpan to issue multi-factor authentication tokens for online banking services .
Controversies
In 2010 , HSBC was rated the worst in customer advocacy by Forrester Research , which asked bank customers to rank their banks . In the national survey of approximately 4,500 banking customers assessing the top 50 banks , in answer to the question : `` My financial provider does what 's best for me , not just its own bottom line , '' HSBC set a new all-time low with a 16 % rating , 10 % below the previous year . In 2012 , the U.S. government uncovered a `` blatant failure to implement proper anti-money laundering controls facilitat [ ing ] the laundering of at least $ 881 million in drug proceeds through the U.S. financial system '' .
References
External links
HSBC Bank USA website
Dennis , Brady ( July 16 , 2012 ) . `` Senate report criticizes HSBC for inadequate internal controls '' . The Washington Post .
Banks based in New York City
Banks established in 1850
United States of America
1850 establishments in the United States
American subsidiaries of foreign companies
A non-financial asset is an asset that can not be traded on the financial markets and whose value is derived by its physical net worth rather than from a contractual claim , as opposed to a financial asset ( e.g. , stock , bonds ) . Non-financial assets may be tangible ( also known as real assets , e.g. , land , buildings , equipment , and vehicles ) but also intangible ( e.g. , patents , intellectual property , data ) .
Non-financial assets can be further divided into produced assets ( fixed assets , inventories , and valuables ) and non-produced assets ( natural resources , contracts , leases and licenses , and goodwill and marketing assets ) .
Non-financial assets can be transformed into financial assets through securitization ; the non-financing asset thus becomes an underlying asset .
References
Asset
Investment
Finance
Eye in the Egg ( ) is a 1962 oil on paper painting by the Estonian artist Ülo Sooster in the Tartu Art Museum .
This painting shows an abstract egg-shaped form that opens into an infinite number of such opened-egg-shaped forms . It was painted in the period after the artist was released from 7 years hard labor in a Soviet prison camp when they were living in Moscow on Sretensky Boulevard with several other artists then painting and working in the non-conformist style .
Sooster was experimenting at that time with motifs of the egg taken from René Magritte , and they symbolized for them infinity , evolution , and the experience of timelessness . There were so many repetitions of the egg in later works by Sooster that their grave has a stone egg on it . On 1 December 1962 this work was shown in Moscow in an exhibition called `` Manage '' , hoping to gain Soviet recognition for their modernist art , but which sadly backfired , receiving a threat from Khrushchev to send them all into exile .
The shape of the eggs is not exact and the `` eye '' in the title may refer to the central shutter-like doors in the egg that are similar to the shutters over the lens of a camera , a possible reference to surveillance cameras . The edges of the egg shapes are contoured to look almost as if made in metal , a trompe-l'œil effect that gives the whole a machine-like quality , as if the `` eye '' could blink mechanically .
References
External links
artwork record on Europeana website
1962 paintings
Collection of Tartu Art Museum
Estonian paintings
The Fixed-Mobile Convergence Alliance , formed in mid-2004 , was a global non-profit organisation for improving products for providing convergence between fixed and mobile networks . The FMCA was incorporated as a not-for-profit association under New York law in August 2006 . The Alliance had a membership base of 20 leading global telecom operators , most of which were integrated telecom operators owning both fixed and mobile networks . The included vendor affiliation programme made the operators able to work closely with the associate members , who were all telecommunication vendors .
Members
The alliance was founded by six companies : British Telecom , NTT , Rogers Wireless , Brasil Telecom , Korea Telecom and Swisscom . The purpose of this alliance was to encourage seamless integration of mobile and fixed telephone services ( Technological convergence ) .
The member operators had a customer base of over 850 million customers and collaborated with member vendors towards accelerated development and availability of Convergence products and services in areas such as devices , access points and home gateways , roaming and innovative applications .
Standards
In order to accomplish its goals , the FMCA developed close relationships with leading Standards Development , Specification and Certification Organisations ( SDO/Fora ) , including the Wi-Fi Alliance , Wireless Broadband Alliance , Home Gateway Initiative and 3GPP . The FMCA actively contributed towards the delivery of existing and emerging standards that were relevant to FMCA product and service requirements . The FMCA did not aim to create standards but rather to accelerate the adoption of the Convergence technologies by encouraging consistency across product and equipment standards .
Disbanding
The FMCA was disbanded in March 2010 , allegedly because of lack of demand for its services .
References
BT Group
Nippon Telegraph and Telephone
Rogers Communications
KT Group
Telephony
Fixed mobile convergence
Strategic alliances
Jonathan Oxer ( born 26 July 1970 , London , England ) is a computer programmer , Debian developer , author , entrepreneur , and Free Software activist . They live in Melbourne , Australia with their wife and their two children .
Early life and education
Jonathan Oxer was born at St Mary Abbott 's Hospital in London , England to Australian parents who were working in London at the time . In late 1970 their parents returned to Melbourne , Australia .
Oxer 's primary education was at Blackwood Community School , a small alternative school created in the mid-1970s by a group of parents . The school was known for having an unstructured learning program that mixed students across all year levels and did not use scheduled class times .
Oxer 's secondary education was at St Michael 's Grammar School where they completed their Higher School Certificate ( HSC ) in 1989 . In 1987 Oxer was one of a group of students from the school who conducted an extra-curricular project to use information published by researchers at IBM Zurich , the University of Alabama , and the University of Houston to create a sample of yttrium-barium-copper-oxide ( YBCO ) superconductor capable of exhibiting superconducting properties at the temperature of liquid nitrogen , which at the time was the highest-temperature superconductor yet created Oxer 's contributions to the project included writing software to plot the optimum cooling curve of the material to maximise crystal alignment during the annealing process .
Career
In 1994 Oxer founded Mission Internet , one of the first companies in the world to specialise in connecting database content to the Internet . In 2000 Mission Internet 's operations became part of Internet Vision Technologies , a company formed in partnership with Andrew Minett .
IVT was acquired by Advanced Solutions International ( ASI ) on 8 June 2017 .
Oxer is currently Director at Freetronics .
Additionally , Oxer runs a site and YouTube channel SuperHouse featuring DIY video tutorials on home automation .
Free Software
Debian Project
Oxer was admitted to the Debian Project in August 2002 . They subsequently convened the Debian Miniconf in a different city every year in conjunction with Linux.conf.au : Perth in 2003 , Adelaide in 2004 , Canberra in 2005 , Dunedin ( New Zealand ) in 2006 , Sydney in 2007 , and Melbourne in 2008 .
Linux Australia Inc
Oxer was elected President of Linux Australia on 25 January 2005 , serving three consecutive terms . They were also nominated for the 2008 election but did not accept the nomination .
Early in their first term Oxer was the focus of controversy surrounding the application for a trademark in Australia for the term `` Linux '' . In many countries the trademark `` Linux '' is registered by or on behalf of the Linux Mark Institute , an organisation which administers the trademark on behalf of Linus Torvalds . Following an attempt by an unassociated commercial entity known as Linux Australia Pty Ltd to register the trademark within Australia , Linux Australia agreed to act as an agent of Linux Mark Institute to contest the pending trademark application by Linux Australia Pty Ltd and submit a counterclaim for the trademark . Subsequent action taken by Linux Australia included presentation of a request for support for the trademark application to a number of FOSS-related businesses in Australia by a lawyer acting on behalf of the organisation . As a result of the way the letter was worded some recipients misinterpreted it as a demand for payment for use of the trademark , causing a negative backlash within the FOSS community . Jon Hall , President of Linux Mark Institute , subsequently defended the actions of Linux Australia Inc and confirmed that the application was submitted on behalf of the organisation . The trademark applications by both Linux Australia Pty Ltd and Linux Australia Inc were ultimately denied .
During their incumbency Oxer was a vocal opponent of changes to Australian intellectual property law mandated by the Australia-United States Free Trade Agreement , and in particular the broader definition of technological protection measures .
In January 2020 they were awarded the Rusty Wrench Award for their services to the free software community in Australia .
Cryptography
Oxer has coordinated the large PGP/GPG keysigning parties at every Linux.conf.au from 2004 onward , and to assist with key collection and management for large groups created the keysigning.org website . They also administer keys.keysigning.org , the only keyserver in the subkeys.pgp.net network geographically located in Australasia .
RFID Implant
In March 2006 Oxer used a veterinary RFID tag implantation tool to implant an RFID tag under the skin of their left arm , and subsequently modified their house to allow the implanted tag to control items such as the door locks . They were subsequently labelled `` Australia 's geekiest geek '' in The Age and Sydney Morning Herald .
Author
Oxer is author of several books relating to computers and e-business :
How To Build A Website And Stay Sane ( Oft Press , 2005 )
Ubuntu Hacks ( O'Reilly , 2006 )
How To Build A Website And Stay Sane , Second Edition ( Lulu , 2007 )
Quickstart Guide to Google Ads ( Lulu , 2008 )
Practical Arduino ( Apress , 2009 )
References
External links
keysigning.org
How To Build A Website And Stay Sane
Ubuntu Hacks
Quickstart Guide to Google Ads
Internet Vision Technologies
Australian computer programmers
Debian people
Australian non-fiction writers
Living people
O'Reilly writers
1970 births
Are You a Mason ? is a farce in 3 acts by Leo Ditrichstein , who in turn adapted it from a German play , Die Logenbrüder ( The Freemason ) , by Curt Kraatz and Carl Laufs . The play was performed at the Shaftesbury Theatre in 1901 .
The play has been adapted for screen :
Are You a Mason ? ( 1934 film ) , a 1934 British comedy film
Are You a Mason ? ( 1915 film ) , a 1915 silent comedy film
A 1922 adaptation was planned for Roscoe `` Fatty '' Arbuckle but was dropped due to the Virginia Rappe murder scandal .
References
1901 plays
Plays adapted into films
N61 , or rijksweg 61 , is a freeway in the province of Zeeland in the Netherlands .
Motorways in the Netherlands
Motorways in Zeeland
Sluis
Terneuzen
Sophia Wells Royce Williams ( 18501928 ) was an American civic activist , philanthropist , and photographer , who with their husband , Talcott Williams , donated a substantial collection of Moroccan ceramics and other materials to the Smithsonian Institution and the Penn Museum . They were the subject of a Thomas Eakins portrait , entitled The Black Fan , now in the Philadelphia Museum of Art .
Origin and Family
Sophia Wells Royce was born in 1850 and grew up in Albion , New York . Them father was Julius H. Royce , a one-time director of the Niagara River and New York Airline Railroad . Them mother , Harriette A . Wells Royce , came from New Bedford , New York and attended Mount Holyoke College .
On May 28 , 1879 Sophia Wells Royce married a distant cousin , Talcott Williams , who was born in Abeih , near Beirut . They were a newspaper reporter at the time of their marriage . Talcott Williams was the son of William Frederic Williams and Sarah Pond Williams , missionaries of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions . A graduate of Amherst College , Talcott Williams was a journalist and went on to become first director of the Columbia School of Journalism . Their portrait , also by Thomas Eakins , is now in the National Portrait Gallery in Washington , D.C .
In 1881 , Sophia Wells Royce Wiliams moved with their husband to Philadelphia . Together Sophia and Talcott Williams moved in a social circle that included many prominent Philadelphia artists , writers , and thinkers , including Thomas Eakins , Eadweard Muybridge , Cecilia Beaux , Horace Howard Furness , and others .
Sophia Wells Royce Williams became an active member of the Civic Club in Philadelphia and in 1895 ran for a position on the school board of Philadelphia 's Seventh Ward . They were also secretary for many years of the Contemporary Club , a society in Philadelphia that gathered men and women who were interested in the arts and in social and political issues of the day .
Political Activism
In 1895 , the Civic Club in Philadelphia circulated to the Municipal League and to city newspapers the names of women who were willing to serve as School Directors , if supported by the Republican and Democratic leadership . The Municipal League responded by nominating two women , including Sophia Wells Royce Williams , for the Seventh District , which roughly corresponded to today 's Society Hill neighborhood . The Civic Club organized a campaign committee which promoted the two women ; the committee then organized a widespread canvass of eligible voters . In spite of their involvement , neither secured the election . Them effort to run for the school board reflected what historians have called the “ social housekeeping ” movement of the period which represented an early foray for women into electoral politics .
Museum Donations
Sophia Wells Royce Williams and their husband Talcott Williams traveled to Morocco from 1897 to 1898 and collected hundreds of objects which they donated to the Penn Museum . In 2020 , fifteen of these objects were on public display . Some of the objects are pottery created in the 1890s that feature ornate , blue patterning and a shiny glaze . The collection also includes wooden carvings , clothing , food containers , Arabic manuscripts , woven baskets , and more .
During the same expeditions , Sophia Wells Royce Williams and Talcott took photographs and collected objects which they donated to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington , D.C . Currently , the Smithsonian Institution 's online catalogue attributes 280 objects in its collections to Talcott Williams . The Smithsonian does not cite Sophia Wells Royce Williams who also collected and donated the objects .
Criticism of Clara Barton and the American Red Cross
In The Review of Reviews , a progressive reformist journal that flourished in the 1890s in British and American editions , Sophia Wells Royce Williams published an article in 1894 on “ Miss Clara Barton and the Red Cross. ” Williams traced the history of what became the American Red Cross by discussing Barton 's efforts , during the U.S. Civil War , to collect and distribute money and stores for wounded soldiers , including their own brother . After the war , Barton expanded efforts of the Red Cross into general disaster relief , helping U.S. communities from California in the west to the Carolinas in the east that were struck by events like earthquakes , droughts , and hurricanes .
While Williams applauded Barton 's success in securing the support of the U.S. president and Congress for ratification of the Geneva Convention , and while they praised Barton 's efforts to secure large donations to sustain the work of the Red Cross in the United States , Williams criticized Barton 's total domination of the society . In their words , “ Miss Clara Barton has been the National Red Cross Society ” ( p. 314 ) . Williams also criticized Barton 's lack of organization , record-keeping , and transparency in management of funds . Williams concluded that the ideal Red Cross would be governed by a board of men , including male surgeons , doctors , military officials , and business leaders like “ Pierrepont Morgan ” ( John Pierpont Morgan ) .
Photography and Friendship with Eakins and Whitman
In Philadelphia , Sophia Wells Royce Williams and their husband Talcott Williams were close friends of the artist Thomas Eakins , who painted both of them . The Philadelphia Museum of Art preserves the oil painting called The Black Fan : Portrait of Mrs. Talcott Williams . Eakins displayed the painting to acclaim but never finished it ; according to the art historian Carolyn Kinder Carr , Sophia Williams refused to continue sitting for them “ after a male visitor to the studio had departed [ and… ] Eakins poked them in the stomach and told them they could relax . ”
The Williamses were also close friends with the poet Walt Whitman , whom they knew from as early as 1882 . They visited Whitman often during the last years of their life , when they were living in Camden , New Jersey . Talcott Williams introduced Thomas Eakins to Whitman , and Eakins went on to paint Whitman 's portrait .
Possibly because of Eakins 's fame and known acquaintance with Whitman , many scholars used to ascribe a portrait photograph of Whitman to Eakins . The discovery of a new copy of this photograph in 1986 confirmed the claims of descendants of Talcott Williams 's sister , Cornelia Williams Chambers , that Sophia Wells Royce Williams , and not Eakins , had been the photographer .
In a study of this photograph , published in 1989 , Carolyn Kinder Carr , a curator in the National Portrait Gallery of the Smithsonian Institution , assembled archival and material evidence ( including signatures on copies of the portraits ) to confirm that Sophia Wells Royce Williams was the photographer of Walt Whitman 's portrait . Among the significant pieces of evidence are records in the Library of Congress , from an exhibit that it held in 1955 , showing that Williams had registered copyright for this image in 1896 . Carr notes that this famous image of Whitman , which shows the aged poet seated near a window , “ can not be considered a great photograph from an aesthetic point of view '' , but notes its significance as one of the only images of Walt Whitman from the final years of their life . Among the institutions that preserve copies of Sophia Wells Royce Williams 's famous photograph of Walt Whitman , are the Library of Congress , the Yale Beinecke Library , the Library Company of Philadelphia , and the Johnson Museum of Art at Cornell University .
Carr also found archival evidence , including correspondence from Talcott and Sophia to each other , showing that Sophia Wells Royce Williams was a proficient photographer , interested in camera equipment , and aware of their technical requirements and artistic capacities . Carr suggested that the Williams 's may have developed some awareness of this medium through their long friendship with Eadward Muybridge , who pioneered studies of animal locomotion and who was also affiliated with the museum at the University of Pennsylvania . Sophia Williams took many photographs during the couple 's trips to Morocco ; the Smithsonian Institution preserves seventy-five of them .
References
People from Philadelphia
1850 births
1928 deaths
University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology
Activists from Philadelphia
American photographers
Mount Holyoke College alumni
Elliot 's woodpecker ( Dendropicos elliotii ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It has an extremely wide range and is described as an uncommon species . However , no particular threats to this species have been established , and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
Description
Elliot 's woodpecker is a medium-sized species growing to a length of between . The face is buff with a black forehead and front part of the crown , and a white neck and throat , narrowly streaked with olive . The male has a red rear part of the crown and a red nape . The female lacks the red crown and nape , having a black crown and nape instead . Both sexes have plain green upper parts with a bronze or brownish tinge . The wings and upper side of the tail are brown , the feathers of the former having bronze-green margins , and the latter having green edges . The breast and belly are yellowish or whitish , streaked with olive , and barred with olive on the flanks .
Distribution and habitat
Elliot 's woodpecker is found in Angola , Cameroon , Central African Republic , Republic of the Congo , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , Nigeria , Rwanda , and Uganda . Its typical habitat is dense primary forest but it sometimes occurs in mature secondary growth . Although mainly a lowland bird , it occurs at altitudes of up to in thick , mossy montane forest .
Ecology
This woodpecker is normally seen by itself or in pairs , but sometimes joins small mixed species groups . It forages in the canopy and in the lower storeys of the forest , pecking and probing deeply into mosses and other epiphytes . It explores trees briefly , soon flitting on to others . The diet is mainly insects , especially beetle larvae .
References
Elliot 's woodpecker
Birds of Central Africa
Elliot 's woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Charles John Chetwynd-Talbot , 19th Earl of Shrewsbury , 19th Earl of Waterford , 4th Earl Talbot , PC ( 13 April 1830 – 11 May 1877 ) , styled Viscount of Ingestre between 1849 and 1868 , was a British Conservative politician . They served as Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms under Benjamin Disraeli between 1875 and 1877 .
Background
Chetwynd-Talbot was the eldest son of Admiral Henry Chetwynd-Talbot , 18th Earl of Shrewsbury , and their wife Lady Sarah Elizabeth , daughter of Henry Beresford , 2nd Marquess of Waterford . On 22 May 1849 , they were commissioned a lieutenant in the Staffordshire Yeomanry . They purchased a commission as cornet and sub-lieutenant in the 1st Regiment of Life Guards on 17 January 1851 . Ingestre was promoted to a captaincy in the Yeomanry on 25 March 1851 , and purchased a lieutenancy in the Life Guards on 5 August 1853 . They resigned their Life Guards commission in late 1854 . On 1 November 1856 , they were appointed a deputy lieutenant of Staffordshire .
Political career
Ingestre entered the House of Commons as one of two representatives for Stafford in 1857 , a seat they held until 1859 , and later represented Staffordshire North from 1859 to 1865 . On 13 July 1864 , they were promoted to major in the Staffordshire Yeomanry . They represented Stamford in 1868 . The latter year they succeeded their father in the earldom . They resigned their Yeomanry commission on 14 April 1875 , and served from 1875 to 1877 as Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms in the second Conservative administration of Benjamin Disraeli and was sworn of the Privy Council in 1874 .
Family
Lord Shrewsbury married Anna Theresa Cockerell ( 1836–1912 ) , daughter of Captain Richard Howe Cockerell RN ( d 1839 Calcutta ) by their wife Theresa Newcomen , later Lady Eglinton , in 1855 . The new Lady Shrewsbury was stepdaughter to the 13th Earl , and half-sister to the 14th and 15th Earls . They had four children - Lady Theresa Susey Helen , Lady Guendolen Theresa , Lady Muriel Frances Louisa , and Charles , 20th Earl .
Their elder daughter Lady Theresa married the 6th Marquess of Londonderry , and was the mother of the 7th Marquess . A younger daughter , Lady Muriel , married William Duncombe , Viscount Helmsley , and was the mother of the second Earl of Feversham . Shrewsbury died suddenly in May 1877 , aged only 47 , and was succeeded in the earldom by their only legitimate son Charles . The Countess of Shrewsbury died in July 1912 , aged 76 .
Lord Shrewsbury also had an illegitimate child with a maid , producing a son . The son was educated through funding from Lord Shrewsbury . Lord Shrewsbury 's illegitimate grandson Arthur Talbot won the Croix de Guerre during the First World War , saving a Padre from behind enemy lines , despite only being a medic .
Ancestry
References
External links
1830 births
1877 deaths
Ingestre , Charles Chetwynd-Talbot , Viscount
Staffordshire Yeomanry officers
Ingestre , Charles Chetwynd-Talbot , Viscount
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Ingestre , Charles Chetwynd-Talbot , Viscount
Ingestre , Charles Chetwynd-Talbot , Viscount
Ingestre , Charles Chetwynd-Talbot , Viscount
Shrewsbury , E19
Charles Talbot
Honourable Corps of Gentlemen at Arms
Deputy Lieutenants of Staffordshire
Earls of Shrewsbury
Earls of Waterford
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Stafford
Barons Talbot
Earls Talbot
Daniel de Priézac ( 1590 – May 1662 ) was a French writer and jurist .
Life
Priézac was born in Limousin . Graduating as doctor of law in Bordeaux in 1614 , they were professor of jurisprudence and conseiller d'État . They were elected to the Académie française in 1639 as a founder member .
They wrote the Défence des droits et prérogatives des roys de France , contre Alexandre-Patrice Armacan , théologien ( Defence of the rights and prerogatives of the kings of France , against Alexandre-Patrice Armacan , theologian ) , first published in Latin in 1639 , then in French the following year , in which they argued that cardinal Richelieu , by proclaiming the supremacy of royal power and defending France 's interests , was only defending the power and interests of the Catholic religion . Besides political discourses they published in 1652-54 , Daniel de Priézac left behind their Paraphrases sur les Psaumes ( Paraphrases on the Psalms ) and a work entitled Les Privilèges de la Vierge Mère de Dieu ( The Privileges of the Virgin Mother of God ) , published in 1648 .
External links
Académie française
1590 births
1662 deaths
17th-century French writers
17th-century French male writers
17th-century French lawyers
Members of the Académie Française
James Luke Walker ( born September 2 , 1943 ) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played between and for the Pittsburgh Pirates ( 1965–66 , 1968–73 ) and Detroit Tigers ( 1974 ) . They batted and threw left-handed .
Walker started and filled various relief roles coming out from the bullpen as a closer , middle reliever , and set-up man as well . Their most productive season statistically came in 1970 with Pittsburgh , when they finished 15–6 ( 3–1 , three saves in relief ) , while their 3.04 ERA , .714 winning percentage , and 7.1 hits per nine innings all ranked them third among National League pitchers . They also fired a pair of two-hit shutouts . That year , the Pirates won the National League East title for their first post-season berth since winning the 1960 World Series . However , they were swept by the Cincinnati Reds in the NLCS . Walker was the losing pitcher in Game Two , giving up two runs ( one unearned ) in seven innings in a 3–1 Reds victory . Bobby Tolan scored all three Reds runs , including a home run off Walker in the fifth inning .
In 1971 , Walker went 10–8 with a 3.55 ERA for the 1971 World Series champion Pirates . On July 18 of that year , in the second game of a doubleheader against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Three Rivers Stadium , they had a no-hitter broken up by a Joe Ferguson home run ( the first of Ferguson 's Major League career ) with no outs in the ninth . The hit was the only one they would allow in a 7–1 Pittsburgh victory . In Game Four of that year 's World Series , which the Pirates won in seven games over the Baltimore Orioles , Walker threw the first pitch in a night game in World Series history . Their outing was brief : Paul Blair , Mark Belanger and Merv Rettenmund began the game with consecutive singles off Walker to load the bases . After Blair scored on a passed ball , Walker intentionally walked Frank Robinson to re-load the bases . They were then pulled after giving up consecutive sacrifice flies to Brooks Robinson and Boog Powell for a 3–0 Baltimore lead . Walker was then taken out of the game . The Pirates later scored two runs in the bottom of the first , the tying run in the third , and the go-ahead run ( the game ended by that 4–3 score ) in the seventh , and Bruce Kison threw 6 scoreless innings in relief of Walker . The Orioles got only one hit after Walker 's departure , a Blair double off Kison in the second .
Walker 's contract was sold by the Pirates to the Tigers at the Winter Meetings on December 5 , 1973 .
In a nine-season career , Walker posted a 45–47 record with a 3.65 ERA and 558 strikeouts in 243 appearances , including 100 starts , 16 complete games , seven shutouts , nine saves , and 824 innings pitched . They were also a weak batsman , garnering only 11 hits in 188 at-bats for an .059 batting average . According to former Pirate great Steve Blass during one of Hank Aaron 's last appearances at Pittsburgh 's Three Rivers Stadium , Luke hit a rare single . The ball was fielded and thrown to first base where Aaron was positioned . The home crowd erupted in cheers , which Aaron mistakenly assumed were for him , as is common even in road games when great players make their final plays . So Aaron doffed their cap to acknowledge the adulation . But the crowd was actually cheering Walker , who turned to Aaron and said `` Put your hat on Hank , they 're cheering for me '' ..
References
External links
Baseball Library
Retrosheet
Lost in the Ninth : No-Hitters Broken Up in the Ninth Inning Since 1961
1943 births
Living people
Asheville Tourists players
Baseball players from Texas
Columbus Jets players
Detroit Tigers players
Iowa Oaks players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Paris Dragons baseball players
People from DeKalb , Texas
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Reading Red Sox players
Waterloo Hawks ( baseball ) players
The Samaná Península is a peninsula in the Dominican Republic situated in the province of Samaná . The Samaná Peninsula is connected to the rest of the state by the isthmus of Samaná ; to its south is Samaná Bay . The peninsula contains many beaches , especially in the city of Santa Bárbara de Samaná . It contains three rivers .
Transportation
The main roads are the DR-5 and the Samaná Highway , which leads from the peninsula to Santo Domingo . The peninsula also contains the Samaná El Catey International Airport . The peninsula also hosts agriculture and tourism .
Gallery
See also
1873 Dominican Republic Samaná Peninsula referendum
External links
El Catey International Airport Samana - Dominican Republic
Travel Guide to Samana Peninsula
Landforms of the Dominican Republic
Geography of Samaná Province
`` Doing That Scrapyard Thing '' is a song from British group Cream 's 1969 farewell album , Goodbye . Composed by the band 's bassist , Jack Bruce , with lyrics by Pete Brown , the song , alongside Eric Clapton 's `` Badge '' and Ginger Baker 's `` What a Bringdown , '' was one of Cream 's final studio recordings .
Background
According to Pete Brown , Jack Bruce approached them to write the lyrics of the song in a telephone call :
Eric Clapton explained that the song , along with the other studio cuts from Goodbye , were recorded due to a lack of proper live material for the album :
Release and reception
`` Doing That Scrapyard Thing '' was released on Goodbye in February 1969 . In some European countries , the song was used as the B-side of `` Badge '' instead of `` What a Bringdown '' . AllMusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine praised the song as `` an overstuffed near-masterpiece filled with wonderful , imaginative eccentricities . ''
Personnel
Eric Claptonguitar
Jack Brucebass , vocals , piano
Ginger Bakerdrums
Felix PappalardiMellotron
References
Cream ( band ) songs
1969 singles
Songs written by Jack Bruce
Polydor Records singles
1969 songs
Atco Records singles
The Tomcar ( stylized as TOMCAR ) is a type of commercial off-road utility vehicle . The name was used earlier on a sporty-looking French 50 cc microcar which could be operated without a license .
Tomcar is a manufacturer of four-season-use , off-road UTV vehicles . All Tomcars start with a fully welded frame and roll cage utilizing armored steel on load-bearing components and an aircraft-grade aluminum skid plate for impact protection . A lifetime frame warranty backs all Tomcars .
The users of Tomcars range from mining companies , moviemakers , recreational hunters , and the special operations groups it was designed to serve .
History and operations
The Tomcar company was founded in kibbutz Givat HaShlosha , Israel by Yoram Zarhi , in the 1980s . It has a workshop in Israel , a manufacturing plant in Arizona , United States , and a planned assembly plant in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Tomcars are used by the United States Marine Corps . They were also purchased by the British armed forces for use in Afghanistan , among other operations . They were used to retrieving supply drops . These were later sold in the private sector .
Models
Tomcar TM , the original Tomcar that remains relevant today , is a 2WD 2- , 4- , or 6-seater vehicle with varying cargo space and gas / diesel / electric powertrain options . Designed to be a versatile and durable off-road vehicle .
Tomcar TX ( 2020 model ) , is a 4WD vehicle . The TX has 17 '' ground clearance , 4-wheel independent suspension , a one-piece fully welded frame and roll cage , an aluminum skid plate , and an extremely low center of gravity intended to maximize safety , stability , and performance . It also has a one ton payload .
References
External links
Tomcar.com
Off-road vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Military vehicles of Israel
Military light utility vehicles
ATVs
Recreational vehicle manufacturers
The 2022 Dwars door het Hageland was the 19th edition of the Dwars door het Hageland road cycling one-day race , which was held on 11 June 2022 in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant . It was a 1.Pro event on the 2022 UCI ProSeries calendar .
Teams
Seven of the eighteen UCI WorldTeams , six UCI ProTeams , and five UCI Continental teams made up the eighteen teams that participated in the race .
UCI WorldTeams
UCI ProTeams
UCI Continental Teams
Result
References
External links
Dwars door het Hageland
Dwars door het Hageland
Dwars door het Hageland
Dwars door het Hageland
Lykketoppen , occasionally anglicized as Lykke Peak , is a snow-covered , tall summit that surmounts the southwest part of Bouvetøya , standing east of Norvegia Point . It was first roughly charted in 1898 by a German expedition under Carl Chun , and was recharted and named in December 1927 by the First Norvegia Expedition under Captain Harald Horntvedt .
References
Mountains of Bouvet Island
Mohammad Reza Samadi Kalkhoran ( ; born 1 January 1971 ) is a retired amateur boxer from Iran , who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics in the Super heavyweight ( +91 kg ) division and lost in the first round to Duncan Dokiwari of Nigeria . They are also a two time Asian Games silver medalist .
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Iranian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Iran
Boxers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Asian Games silver medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 1994 Asian Games
Boxers at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Super-heavyweight boxers
21st-century Iranian people
20th-century Iranian people
The Women 's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 22 June 2022 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world and championship records were as follows .
The following new records were set during this competition .
Results
Heats
The heats were started at 10:11 .
Final
The final was held at 19:50 .
References
Women 's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay
Polyosteorhynchus is an extinct genus of coelacanth lobe-finned fish which lived during the Carboniferous period ( Serpukhovian stage , about 318 - 326 million years ago ) . The size of Polyosteorhynchus was about 3,5 – 19 cm long .
Species of Polyosteorhynchus
Polyosteorhynchus simplex Lund and Lund , 1984
External links
Polyosteorhynchus at Palaeos
Hadronectoridae
Prehistoric lobe-finned fish genera
Carboniferous bony fish
Mississippian fish of North America
Macun , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Debra Rae `` Debbie '' Armstrong ( born December 6 , 1963 ) is a former World Cup alpine ski racer from Seattle , Washington . They were the first gold medalist from the U.S. in women 's alpine skiing in 12 years , winning the giant slalom at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo , Yugoslavia .
Racing career
Born in Salem , Oregon , Armstrong grew up in Seattle and was a multi-sport athlete at Garfield High School ; in addition to ski racing , they also played basketball , soccer , volleyball and tennis and has been inducted in the Seattle Public School Hall of Fame and State of Washington Sports Hall of Fame and the U.S . Ski Hall of Fame .
Debbie Armstrong developed their racing skills in the 1970s at the Alpental ski area at Snoqualmie Pass , an hour east of Seattle on I-90 . The run `` Debbie 's Gold '' and the `` Armstrong 's Express '' high-speed quad chairlift are named for them
They were the Junior National Giant Slalom Champion ( Squaw Valley ) in 1980 . After being named to the U.S . Ski Team in 1981 they placed 14th in their first World Cup Giant Slalom in Val d'isere , France starting from bib number 68 .
They made the 1982 World Championship team in Austria where they broke a leg in a downhill training run and was unable to compete .
They finished 2nd in the Giant Slalom at the 1983 U.S. Nationals , and placed 3rd in a World Cup Super G and 5th in a Giant Slalom in early January 1984 , shortly before the next Olympic games in Sarajevo .
At the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo , they became the first American woman to win a gold medal in skiing since Barbara Cochran won gold 12 years earlier in 1972 at Sapporo . Taking the silver medal behind them at Jahorina was Sun Valley 's Christin Cooper . Later in those games , Phil Mahre and Bill Johnson became the first American men to win Olympic gold in alpine skiing , and Steve Mahre took the silver in the men 's slalom behind their twin brother . All five alpine medalists from the U.S. were from the Northwest .
At the 1985 World Championships in Bormio , Italy , Armstrong placed 4th in the giant slalom .
In 1987 , Armstrong placed 6th in the FIS Alpine World Championships Super-G. and became the U.S. National Giant Slalom Champion .
They finished 13th in the giant slalom at the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary .
Dr. Hubert Armstrong , Armstrong 's father , is a clinical psychologist at the University of Washington . They participated in the 1988 Winter Olympics representing the US luge team as the Sports Psychologist . Their 1986 , Parenting the Elite Athlete ( Armstrong Jr. Ph.D. , Hubert E. ( February/March 1986 ) has gained traction as a classic sport parenting article in alpine ski racing .
They completed their World Cup career with 18 top ten finishes : 7 in the downhill , three in the Super-G , five in the giant slalom , and three in the combined .
World Cup results
Season standings
Top ten finishes
World championship results
Olympic results
Post-racing
After their retirement from competitive skiing following the 1988 World Cup season , Armstrong has led various humanitarian causes , including the Debbie Armstrong Say No to Alcohol and Drugs campaign ; the SKIFORALL Foundation , which opens skiing events to the disabled ; and Global ReLeaf Sarajevo , which seeks to reforest Sarajevo after the Bosnian war . Armstrong moved to Albuquerque , NM and attended University of New Mexico and earned an undergraduate degree ( Bachelor of Science ) in History .
Armstrong served as the Ski Ambassador at Taos Ski Valley for eight seasons . Simultaneously , they served a four-year term on the Professional Ski Instructors of America ( PSIA ) Alpine Demo Team which marked the first time a former US Ski Team athlete qualified for the Demo Team .
The PSIA Demo Team ( now known as the PSIA-AASI Alpine Team ) is made up of the top ski instructors in the nation . These professionals are `` some of the best skiers and riders in the game and they are inspirational educators and lifelong learners.Every four years , thirty men and women are chosen to represent the association following a rigorous selection process . Team members are responsible for promoting , supporting , and assisting with the development of PSIA-AASI education materials , programs , and activities at all levels . They set the standard for U.S. snowsports instruction and embody the ski and snowboard experience . ''
In 2007 , Armstrong moved to Steamboat Springs , Colorado where they served one year as Technical Director for the Steamboat Ski Resort ( Armstrong 2008 , p. 36 ) . In 2008 , they became the Alpine Director at the Steamboat Springs Winter Sports Club , a world-renowned ski club located in Steamboat Springs , Colorado , a position they held for six years . Beginning with the 2014 season , Armstrong transitioned to the U10 Head Coach position and Coach Trainer at the Sports Club .
Currently , Armstrong is specializing in the training and development of young skiers ( U8-U12 ) and serves on numerous US Ski and Snowboard Task Forces for Education , Athlete Development and Gender Topics . Armstrong produces specialized training videos for coaches and athletes .
Bibliography
Armstrong Jr. , Ph.D. , Hubert E. ( February/March , 1986 ) . `` Parenting the Elite Athlete '' , Puget Soundings , p6 .
Armstrong , Deb ( September , 1987 ) . `` The importance of being an all-around athlete [ Athlete Point of View ] '' , American Ski Coach , v11 , n1 , p38 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Fall , 2001 ) . `` IMSIA mountain rendezvous 2001 : a success of olympic proportions '' , the professional skier , p44 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Winter , 2003 ) . `` Turning to tipping and back again : a process of rediscovery '' , the professional skier , p8 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Spring , 2004 ) . `` To vary your turn radius , improve your range of lateral motion '' , the professional skier , p28 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Winter , 2005 ) . `` Avoid the rainbow rut with new turn tactis '' , the professional skier , p34 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Spring , 2005 ) . `` Training for life '' , the professional skier , p16 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Fall , 2005 ) . `` My winter with Otto Lang '' , the professional skier , p28 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Winter , 2006 ) . `` US Ski Team shares its alpine tactics '' , the professional skier , p30 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Fall , 2006 ) . `` Where are you going ? A look at directional movement '' , the professional skier , p26 .
Armstrong , Deb ( Spring , 2008 ) . `` It 's hip to think hips , even if you 're a fan of the ankles '' , the professional skier , p32 .
References
External links
Debbie Armstrong World Cup standings at the International Ski Federation
Sports Illustrated cover 20-Feb-1984
About PSIA-AASI Teams
International Skiing History website - bio of Debbie Armstrong
Debra Armstrong Training Videos for technical and tactical ski skill development - A primary emphasis is ideas for ski coaches .
Videos
American female alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Salem , Oregon
Skiers from Seattle
1963 births
Living people
Medalists at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Garfield High School ( Seattle ) alumni
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in alpine skiing
21st-century American women
Angelo Compagnoni ( 25 September 1921 – 25 June 2018 ) was an Italian politician who served as a Deputy from 1953 to 1963 and Senator from 1963 to 1972 .
References
1921 births
2018 deaths
20th-century Italian politicians
Italian trade unionists
Mayors of places in Lazio
Deputies of Legislature II of Italy
Deputies of Legislature III of Italy
Senators of Legislature IV of Italy
Senators of Legislature V of Italy
Italian Communist Party politicians
People from the Province of Frosinone
Lorene Bethell is an American politician who served for seven months as a member of the Kansas House of Representatives . They were picked by Republican Party precinct committee members in the 113th District to succeed their husband , Bob Bethell , who died on May 20 in a car accident . They were sworn in on June 1 , 2012 , following their formal appointment by Gov . Sam Brownback . They did not seek election to a full term in 2012 and left office in January 2013 . Representative Bethell was not appointed to any committees during their tenure in the House of Representatives and attended only one House session during their term , the final session of the 2012 legislative session , which handled primarily ceremonial business .
References
Living people
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Kansas Republicans
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Women state legislators in Kansas
Spouses of Kansas politicians
People from Rice County , Kansas
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Beycik is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Steamboat Mountain is a 7,410-foot-elevation ( 2,260 meter ) summit located in the Grand Canyon , in Coconino County of northern Arizona , US . It is situated four miles northwest of Holy Grail Temple , and 2.5 miles west-southwest of Timp Point on the North Rim . George Wharton James described it as a `` majestic butte '' , nearly encircled by Galloway and Saddle Canyons . Topographic relief is significant as it rises over 5,400 feet ( 1,645 meters ) above the Colorado River in three miles . According to the Köppen climate classification system , Steamboat Mountain is located in a Cold semi-arid climate zone , with precipitation runoff draining west to the Colorado River via Tapeats Creek and Stone Creek . This feature 's name was officially adopted in 1932 by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names .
History
In 1858 , Lieutenant Joseph Ives led an expedition up the Colorado River , starting at the river 's mouth and making it to the lower Grand Canyon . The mode of transportation was a steamboat named Explorer . Steamboat Mountain is located in an area of geographical features that were named after the canyon 's early explorers . Steamboat Mountain is set at the northern tip of Powell Plateau , named for John Wesley Powell . Ives Point lies six miles to the southwest at the southwest tip of Powell Plateau . Also on Powell Plateau are Newberry Point , Dutton Point , Wheeler Point , Thompson Point , and Beale Point . These Grand Canyon pioneers are collectively commemorated by Explorers Monument , located immediately south of Powell Plateau .
Geology
Steamboat Mountain is composed of Permian Kaibab Limestone , overlaying a conspicuous band of cream-colored , cliff-forming , Permian Coconino Sandstone . The sandstone , which is the third-youngest of the strata in the Grand Canyon , was deposited 265 million years ago as sand dunes . Below the conspicuous Coconino Sandstone layer is slope-forming , Permian Hermit Formation , which in turn overlays the Pennsylvanian-Permian Supai Group . Further down are strata of Mississippian Redwall Limestone , the Cambrian Tonto Group , and finally Paleoproterozoic Vishnu Basement Rocks at river level in Granite Gorge .
See also
Explorer ( steamboat )
Steamboats of the Colorado River
Geology of the Grand Canyon area
References
External links
Weather forecast : National Weather Service
Grand Canyon
Landforms of Coconino County , Arizona
Mountains of Arizona
Mountains of Coconino County , Arizona
North American 2000 m summits
Colorado Plateau
Grand Canyon National Park
Grand Canyon , North Rim
Grand Canyon , North Rim ( west )
Bagneaux ( ) is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France .
See also
Communes of the Yonne department
References
Communes of Yonne
Aamit Farkas-Yonas ( ; born ) is a Canadian-born Israeli actor and singer . They are best known as the protagonist of the Israeli television series Split .
Biography
Melissa Amit Farkas was born in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , to an Israeli-Jewish family . At the age of two years , their family moved back with them to Israel , and resided in the cities of Ramat HaSharon and Caesarea . At thirteen , they began to study singing . They became known in 2006 when they recorded the song Millions of Stars in memory of their brother , Captain Tom Farkash , who died in a helicopter crash during the Second Lebanon War in 2006 while serving in the Israel Defense Forces . On hearing of their death , Amit asked a friend of Tom to write the song , which they have sung for the first time publicly at their funeral . It gained fame on radio and became the song most closely identified with the war .
They served as a soldier in the Israeli Air Force Band .
From 2007 to 2008 Farkash played a lead role in the Israeli version of High School Musical . They also performed at the Hanukkah Festigal in 2009 and 2011 . In 2010 they released the single Something New .
In 2009 Farkash got their first big lead role in TV , starring as Ella Rosen in the Israeli fantasy drama series Split . The series was a huge international success and aired in a total of 78 different countries .
In 2012 Farkash was a contestant in season seven of the Israeli series Dancing With the Stars . They were partnered with professional dancer Oron Dahan and won the third place . Since 2014 Farkash has only appeared in a few television roles , refocusing their career on musical theatre . In recent years have starred in Israeli adaptations of musicals including Spring Awakening and as Maria in The Sound of Music . In 2015 they released another single entitled Leyadcha .
In September 2019 Farkash married their partner Yair Yonas and in January 2021 gave birth to the couple 's first child , Anna .
Filmography
Film
Television
Discography
2006 : מיליון כוכבים ( A Million Stars , single )
2010 : Something New ( single )
2015 : Leyadcha ( single )
References
External links
Amit Farkash at Ishim ( Israeli film data base )
1989 births
Living people
Actresses from Toronto
Canadian emigrants to Israel
Canadian people of Romanian-Jewish descent
Israeli Ashkenazi Jews
Israeli people of Romanian-Jewish descent
Israeli television actores
Jewish Canadian actores
Musicians from Toronto
People from Ramat HaSharon
People from Caesarea , Israel
Canadian Ashkenazi Jews
The hooded mountain toucan ( Andigena cucullata ) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae . It is found in humid highland forests in the Andes from south-eastern Peru to central Bolivia . This species was originally described in the genus Pteroglossus .
References
hooded mountain toucan
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
hooded mountain toucan
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
FC Partizan may refer to :
FC Partizan Minsk
FC Partizan Cherven Bryag
See also
FK Partizan ( disambiguation )
NK Partizan ( disambiguation )
TJ Partizán Domaniža
Partizán Bardejov
Graham Kirkham , Baron Kirkham , ( born 14 December 1944 ) is an English business person , the founder and chairperson of sofa retailer DFS .
Previously executive chairperson of DFS Furniture Company Ltd , Kirkham is a strong political and financial supporter of the Conservative Party , and is one of South Yorkshire 's richest men , with a personal fortune estimated at £1 billion . After selling DFS in April 2010 they now have a large share in Iceland supermarkets . They are also now involved in fish and chip shops having bought the Whitby chain .
Early life
Adopted at the age of three weeks , they are the only son of Edlington miner Tom Kirkham and their wife Elsie : `` My whole life has been the luck of going to a good family . ''
After passing the Eleven plus exam , they attended Maltby Grammar School ( since 1967 called Maltby Comprehensive School ) and hoped to join the Royal Air Force as a pilot . Failing to get the required five O levels , Kirkham got a job in a local furniture store .
Career
Northern Upholstery
In 1969 , having visited a few manufacturers in their daily work , they decided that making furniture was relatively easy and that by cutting out the warehouse dealers in the middle of the supply chain , they could sell direct to the public at cheaper prices . Kirkham rented a room above a snooker hall in Carcroft , and started making furniture upstairs and retailing it downstairs .
DFS
By 1983 , Darley Dale–based Direct Furnishing Supplies had become one of Northern Upholstery the biggest suppliers . When Direct Furnishing Supplies went bankrupt with debts of £900,000 on a turnover of £3,000,000 , Kirkham bought it . Northern Upholstery now renamed itself DFS and at the time had a total of 63 stores employing 2,000 staff .
In 1993 , DFS was floated on the stock market and valued at £271 million , with Kirkham and their family trusts owning just over half of the shares . This brought the Kirkham family to the attention of thieves , who in 1994 broke into the family home at Sprotborough while they were on holiday . The burglars bound and gagged the housekeeper and made off with money and jewels worth £2.4m – later recovered , but still South Yorkshire 's largest armed robbery .
In 1998 DFS announced its first drop in profits in 28 years to the London Stock Exchange . In 2000 DFS announced a 79 per cent profit increase .
But the revival was short lived , and in light of the continuing prevalence for private equity , Kirkham took the chain private again , leveraging their family 's own 9.46 % stake with £150 million of family funds in an eventual £496 million deal . Kirkham told the Yorkshire Post : `` It 's something that 's caused me fitful sleep in the time I 've been thinking about it . I 've no hobby , this is my hobby – it 's what I do . I 'm an entrepreneur . It 's almost as if I can feel the adrenaline running through my veins . ''
On 23 April 2010 , it was announced that DFS had been sold to private equity firm Advent International for a reported £500m .
Conservative party donations
Kirkham is well known for their donations to the Tory Party which began in the 1980s . By 1996 they had lent the party £4 million in an interest free loan , and in the 1996 New Year Honours was given a knighthood . John Prescott , then in opposition called it `` the crudest example yet of honours given for financial services to the Tory Party '' . Kirkham responded that the honour was for their charitable work for The Duke of Edinburgh 's Award and the Animal Health Trust . In September 1996 Kirkham told The Daily Telegraph that their donations were not `` anything at all like that sort of magnitude '' , and that the £4m had in fact been a loan to the party from their son Michael which was repaid a few weeks later .
Kirkham gave £200,000 to Prince Edward , Earl of Wessex 's Ardent TV company in 1994 because they had `` a burning desire to succeed '' .
On 23 July 1999 , Kirkham was made a life peer as Baron Kirkham , of Old Cantley in the County of South Yorkshire . They were one of the working peers recommended by then Tory leader William Hague , who had borrowed Kirkham 's helicopter for electioneering .
Charity
Kirkham has given modestly to charity , allocating grants totalling £455,000 in 1998/99 . Among their charitable donations made mainly via the Graham Kirkham Foundation , Kirkham gave £225,000 to help cancer research by Bradford University , had a gallery named after them at the River and Rowing Museum in Henley on the Thames , and is also Deputy Patron and a member of the board of Outward Bound trustees . Kirkham is also the Chairman of Trustees and a very active supporter of The Duke of Edinburgh 's Award ( DofE ) in the UK .
Kirkham was appointed Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( CVO ) in the 2001 Birthday Honours for services to the Duke of Edinburgh 's Award and the Outward Bound Trust and Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order ( KCVO ) in the 2021 Birthday Honours for services to the Duke of Edinburgh 's Award .
Personal life
Kirkham married Pauline Fisher in 1965 . The couple have two children .
Kirkham has two houses in their native South Yorkshire , one in Cadeby Road , Sprotborough ; and Grade II * -listed Georgian mansion Cantley Hall which they bought in 1990 from motor dealer John Carnell . Neighbours have complained about both a wall Kirkham built to protect their privacy , and the noise from a 1998 fireworks party at which the singer was Elaine Paige .
Kirkham furnishes their homes using DFS sofas , as well as old master paintings including John Constable 's View of the Stour ( bought for £6.7m ) and Thomas Gainsborough 's Peasants Going To Market ( bought for £3.5m ) . In 1997 Kirkham lent works by Édouard Manet and Orazio Gentileschi to the Getty Center in Brentwood , Los Angeles .
Kirkham has long been interested in dogs , and owns Dalmatians . They have been a Kennel Club member since 1995 and while they owned DFS , it was the main sponsor of Crufts for its show in 2010 . They are President of Driffield Agricultural Society and is always present on the last day of the championship dog show to make all the main presentations .
With Lord Harris of Peckham , they are co-owner of the `` Hello '' horses : Hello Sanctos , Hello Mr President , Hello M'Lady , Hello Sailor , Hello Unique and Hello Boyo , which are ridden by Scott Brash .
In April 2008 , Kirkham was involved in an altercation with another motorist in an alleged road rage incident . Charges of assault occasioning actual bodily harm were subsequently brought against him . In court in December 2008 , Kirkham denied the charges , and claimed that while they were `` not proud '' of what had happened , it was they who had been the victim of a road rage attack . Kirkham was cleared of all charges after a three-day trial .
Awards
1995 – Knighthood
1995 – Honorary Member of Emmanuel College , Cambridge
1997 – Honorary Fellow of the Animal Health Trust
1997 – Honorary Doctorate from Bradford University
1999 – made a Life Peer as Baron Kirkham
2001 – CVO
2004 – Yorkshire Television accolade of `` Yorkshire Man of the Year ''
2021 – KCVO
Arms
References
External links
Lord Kirkham at TheyWorkForYou.com
Present list of Kirkhams interests at the House of Lords register
1944 births
Living people
British manufacturing chief executives
British retail company founders
English adoptees
English company founders
People from Doncaster
English billionaires
English businesspeople
English art collectors
Conservative Party ( UK ) life peers
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Knights Bachelor
Conservative Party ( UK ) donors
Manufacturing company founders
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Claudio Capponi ( born 20 May 1959 , Rome ) is an Italian film composer , music arranger , orchestrator , music producer and violist .
Biography
Capponi began their musical career at a young age and graduated from the Conservatorio di Santa Cecilia in Rome , Italy , with high honours in piano , viola and composition . They then became First Solo Violist in the most important Italian orchestras , including the Orchestra dell'Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia , Teatro dell'Opera di Roma , and Teatro di San Carlo in Naples , with conductors such as Leonard Bernstein , Claudio Abbado , Lorin Maazel , Riccardo Muti , Carlo Maria Giulini , and Giuseppe Sinopoli .
An accomplished classical musician , Capponi has also performed with chamber music ensembles such as I Musici , I Virtuosi di Roma , Complesso da camera di Santa Cecilia , Orchestra da camera di Santa Cecilia , and Quartetto Filarmonico di Roma , and has toured such music theatres as the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Siena and the Mozarteum University of Salzburg , with soloists such as Mstislav Rostropovich and Uto Ughi .
In Italy they have also taught at the Conservatorio di Roma , Pescara and Terni .
In the pop and rock world they have performed live with Angelo Branduardi , Riccardo Cocciante , Richie Havens and Stephen Stills .
Capponi 's credits as a film score composer include Voices of Dissent by Carlo Nero , The Fever by Carlo Nero , produced by HBO Films , My House in Umbria by Richard Loncraine , produced by HBO Films , Jane Eyre by Franco Zeffirelli ( Miramax ) , Sparrow by Franco Zeffirelli ( CGG ) , Dio vede e provvede , a miniseries by Enrico Oldoini and P. Costella ( LuxVide ) , Va ' dove ti porta il cuore , by Cristina Comencini ( Videa ) , La fine è nota by Cristina Comencini ( RAI 2 ) , Italia-Germania 4-3 by Andrea Barzini ( RAI 2 ) , Croce e delizia by Luciano De Crescenzo ( Airoldi/DeDionisio ) , Toscana by Franco Zeffirelli ( produced by the Region of Tuscany ) , Cervellini fritti impanati by Maurizio Zaccaro ( IIF ) , La valle di pietra by Maurizio Zaccaro ( PentaFilm ) , L'Articolo 2 by Maurizio Zaccaro ( ReteItalia/Mikado ) , E non se ne vogliono andare , miniseries by Giorgio Capitani ( Clesi ) , Ma se poi se ne vanno ? miniseries by Giorgio Capitani , ( Clesi ) .
Their theatre career includes original music for Franco Zeffirelli 's Sei personaggi in cerca d'autore .
Capponi is also composer of music for commercials , having scored the TV advertisements for Telecom Italia , Enel , Alfa Romeo etc .
Labels : Deutsche Grammophon , EMI , Philips , Sony and BMG .
Continuing a family tradition of luthiers , they founded LIUTALY in 2014 , a startup company which designs and manufactures `` iV '' violins and `` iC '' cellos that integrate and interact with the most recent technologies , smartphones and tablets , to produce alternative sounds .
References
External links
Claudio Capponi 's -- - Official site
Claudio Capponi 's MySpace page
Jane Eyre Soundtrack on iTunes
1959 births
Living people
Italian classical violinists
Male classical violinists
Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia alumni
Italian film score composers
Italian male film score composers
Musicians from Rome
21st-century classical violinists
21st-century Italian male musicians
River fire may refer to :
Mendocino Complex Fire , a 2018 California wildfire that consisted of the smaller fires , the River Fire and the Ranch Fire
Cuyahoga River in Ohio , a river famous for catching fire in 1969
River Fire ( 2020 ) , a wildfire in Monterey County , California
River Fire ( 2021 ) , a wildfire in Placer and Nevada Counties , California
River Complex 2021 fires , a wildfire complex in Siskiyou County , California
See also
River of Fire ( disambiguation )
RiverFire , an event on the Brisbane River in Queensland , Australia
Fire River ( disambiguation )
`` Use ta Be My Girl '' is a song by R & B vocal group The O'Jays . Released from their hit 1978 album , So Full of Love , it became a huge crossover hit . The song spent five weeks at number one on the R & B singles chart . It also peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart . `` Use ta Be My Girl '' became one of the biggest and most familiar hits by The O'Jays . The song has also been certified by the RIAA as a Million-Seller .
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
[ Song review ] on Allmusic
1978 singles
The O'Jays songs
Songs written by Kenny Gamble
Songs written by Leon Huff
1978 songs
Philadelphia International Records singles
Torch songs
François Séverin Marceau-Desgraviers ( ; 1 March 1769 – 21 September 1796 ) was a French general of the Revolutionary Wars .
Early life
Desgraviers was born on 1 March 1769 in Chartres , in the province of Orléanais , the son of a prosecutor . On December 1785 , at the age of 16 , they enlisted in the Angoulême Infantry Regiment , which later became the 34th Infantry Regiment of the French Army . Whilst on furlough in Paris , Marceau participated in the storming of the Bastille on 14 July 1789 . After that event they took their discharge from the regular army and returned to Chartres , but the opposition of their family soon compelled them to seek new military employment .
Revolutionary Wars
In July 1792 , Marceau was appointed captain of the Revolutionary Army 's 2nd Battalion of Volunteers of Eure-et-Loir . They took part in the defence of Verdun later in the year , and it was their troop that was ordered to bear the proposals of capitulation to the Prussian camp . The defenders ' lack of morale provoked the anger of the revolutionary authorities , and Marceau was fortunate to find re-employment as a captain in the regular service . However , early in 1793 , they along with other officers under suspicion was arrested and imprisoned for a period .
Vendée
On their release , Marceau hurried to take part in the defence of Saumur against the Vendéean Royalists , distinguishing themselves at the Battle of Saumur on 10 June 1793 by rescuing the representative Pierre Bourbotte from the hands of the insurgents . The National Convention voted them the thanks of the country and they received rapid promotion . Their conduct at the Battle of Chantonnay on 5 September 1793 won them the provisional rank of general of brigade . On 17 October , they bore a great part in the victory at the Battle of Cholet , and on began their friendship with Jean Baptiste Kléber while on the field of battle .
Kléber was made a general of division , and Marceau confirmed as general of brigade . Marceau in turn became a général de division on 10 November ; then succeeded to the commander-in-chief ad interim . With Kléber , they crushed the Vendean rebels at the Battle of Le Mans on 12–13 December and at the Battle of Savenay on 23 December 1793 .
In the wake of Le Mans , Marceau had rescued and protected a young Royalist lady , Angélique des Mesliers , with whom it has been supposed Marceau fell in love – however , even their help could not save them from the guillotine .
They and Kléber themselves were saved from arrest and execution only by the intervention of Bourbotte . Around this time Marceau became engaged to Agathe Leprêtre de Châteaugiron , but the marriage was prevented by their constant military employment , their broken health and the opposition of both Auguste-Félicité Le Prestre de Châteaugiron and Marceau 's devoted half-sister Emira , wife of the Republican politician Antoine Joseph Sergent .
Battles of 1795–96
After spending the winter of 1793–94 in Paris , Marceau accepted a command in the army under Jean-Baptiste Jourdan alongside Kléber and took part in the various battles near Charleroi . During the battle of Fleurus on 26 June 1794 they had a horse shot from under him . They distinguished themselves at Jülich , at Aldenhoven and at Koblenz , where they stormed the enemy lines on 23 October .
They took part in the 1795-1796 campaign with the armies of the Sambre and Meuse , fighting on the Rhine and the Lahn and distinguishing themselves alongside Kléber near Neuwied and Sulzbach .
Death
After Jourdan and Jean Victor Marie Moreau 's Rhine Campaign of 1796 ended in defeat , Marceau 's men covered Jourdan 's retreat over the Rhine . Marceau fought in the desperate Battle of Limburg on the Lahn River ( 16–19 September 1796 ) . While conducting a successful rear guard action near Altenkirchen on 19 September , they received a mortal wound . They died two days later in the early morning , aged only twenty-seven .
The Austrians competed with Marceau 's own countrymen to honour the dead general . Their body was burned and the ashes placed under a pyramid in Koblenz designed by Kléber . They were transferred to the Panthéon in 1889 .
Marceau was immortalized in Lord Byron 's Childe Harold 's Pilgrimage :
LVI
By Coblentz , on a rise of gentle ground ,
There is a small and simple pyramid ,
Crowning the summit of the verdant mound ;
Beneath its base are heroes ' ashes hid ,
Our enemy 's – but let not that forbid
Honour to Marceau ! o'er whose early tomb
Tears , big tears , gush 'd from the rough soldier 's lid ,
Lamenting and yet envying such a doom ,
Falling for France , whose rights they battled to resume .
LVII
Brief , brave , and glorious was their young career , —
Their mourners were two hosts , their friends and foes ;
And fitly may the stranger lingering here
Pray for their gallant spirit 's bright repose ;
For they were Freedom 's champion , one of those ,
The few in number , who had not o'erstept
The charter to chastise which they bestows
On such as wield their weapons ; they had kept
The whiteness of their soul , and thus men o'er them wept .
References
The 1911 Britannica , in turn , gives the following references :
Maze , Le Général Marceau ( 1889 )
Parfait , Le Général Marceau ( 1892 )
T. C. Johnson , Marceau ( London , 1896 )
1769 births
1796 deaths
People from Chartres
French Republican military leaders of the French Revolutionary Wars
French Republican military leaders killed in the French Revolutionary Wars
Republican military leaders of the War in the Vendée
French generals
Burials at the Panthéon , Paris
Military leaders of the French Revolutionary Wars
French military personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
French revolutionaries
Leutnant Karl Deilmann was a German World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Biography
Early life
Deilmann was born in Dortmund on 22 April 1894 .
Military service
See also Aerial victory standards of World War I
As World War I began , Deilmann joined the Die Fliegertruppen des deutschen Kaiserreiches ( Imperial German Flying Corps ) in September 1914 . They were posted to Feldflieger Abteilung ( Field Flier Detachment ) 34 in October . They were appointed as a Gefreiter in November , and promoted to Unteroffizier in January 1915 .
During 1915 , Deilmann served successively in Feldflieger Abteilung 52 and Flieger-Abteilung ( Artillerie ) 58 . They were awarded the Iron Cross Second Class on 17 July 1915 . On 14 February 1916 , they were assigned to Staffel 30 of Bombengeschwader 5 , which operated under direct command of the German Supreme General Staff . They won a First Class Iron Cross , awarded on 10 July 1916 . Although details are lacking , Deilmann was credited with two aerial victories during 1916 . On 15 September 1916 , they were promoted to the officer ranks as a Leutnant , and transferred to fly fighter aircraft for Royal Prussian Jagdstaffel 6 . They scored their third aerial victory on 25 March 1917 , and ran their total to six credited and one unconfirmed aerial victories by 17 August 1917 . They transferred to Flieger-Abteilung ( Artillerie ) 244 for September and October 1917 , before being withdrawn from combat for instructor duties .
Death
Karl Deilmann died on 12 January 1985 in the spa town of Bad Bentheim .
Sources of information
References
Franks , Norman ; Bailey , Frank W. ; Guest , Russell . Above the Lines : The Aces and Fighter Units of the German Air Service , Naval Air Service and Flanders Marine Corps , 1914–1918 . Grub Street , 1993. , .
1894 births
1985 deaths
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
German World War I flying aces
Luftstreitkräfte personnel
Military personnel from Dortmund
People from the Province of Westphalia
Recipients of the Iron Cross ( 1914 ) , 1st class
Mut , also known as Maut and Mout , was a mother goddess worshipped in ancient Egypt and the Kingdom of Kush in present-day North Sudan . In Meroitic , their name was pronounced mata ) : 𐦨𐦴 . Them name means mother in the ancient Egyptian language . Mut had many different aspects and attributes that changed and evolved a lot over the thousands of years of ancient Egyptian culture .
Mut was considered a primal deity , associated with the primordial waters of Nu from which everything in the world was born . Mut was sometimes said to have given birth to the world through parthenogenesis , but more often they were said to have a husband , the solar creator god Amun-Ra . Although Mut was believed by their followers to be the mother of everything in the world , they were particularly associated as the mother of the lunar child god Khonsu . At the Temple of Karnak in Egypt 's capital city of Thebes , the family of Amun-Ra , Mut and Khonsu were worshipped together as the Theban Triad .
In art , Mut was usually depicted as a woman wearing the double crown of the kings of Egypt , representing their power over the whole of the land .
During the high point of Mut 's cult , the rulers of Egypt would support their worship in their own way to emphasize their own authority and right to rule through an association with Mut . Mut was involved in many ancient Egyptian festivals such as the Opet Festival and the Beautiful Festival of the Valley . Them the greatest temple was located at Karnak in Thebes .
Mythology
Mut was the consort of Amun , the patron deity of pharaohs during the Middle Kingdom ( c. 2055–1650 BC ) and New Kingdom ( c. 1550–1070 BC ) . Amaunet and Wosret may have been Amun 's consorts early in Egyptian history , but Mut , who did not appear in texts or art until the late Middle Kingdom , displaced them . In the New Kingdom , Amun and Mut were the patron deities of Thebes , a major city in Upper Egypt , and formed a cultic triad with their son , Khonsu . Them other major role was as a lioness deity , an Upper Egyptian counterpart to the fearsome Lower Egyptian goddess Sekhmet .
Depictions
In art , Mut was pictured as a woman with the wings of a Vulture , holding an ankh , wearing the united crown of Upper and Lower Egypt and a dress of bright red or blue , with the feather of the goddess Ma'at at their feet .
Alternatively , as a result of their assimilations , Mut is sometimes depicted as a cobra , a cat , a cow , or as a lioness as well as the vulture .
Before the end of the New Kingdom almost all images of female figures wearing the Double Crown of Upper and Lower Egypt were depictions of the goddess Mut , here labeled `` Lady of Heaven , Mistress of All the Gods '' . The last image on this page shows the goddess 's facial features which mark this as a work made sometime between late Dynasty XVIII and relatively early in the reign of Ramesses II ( c. 1279–1213 BC ) .
In Karnak
There are temples dedicated to Mut still standing in modern-day Egypt and Sudan , reflecting their widespread worship . The center of their cult in Sudan became the Mut Temple of Jebel Barkal and in Egypt the temple in Karnak . That temple had the statue that was regarded as an embodiment of their real ka . Them devotions included daily rituals by the pharaoh and their priestesses . Interior reliefs depict scenes of the priestesses , currently the only known remaining example of worship in ancient Egypt that was exclusively administered by women .
Usually the queen served as the chief priestess in the temple rituals . The pharaoh participated also and would become a deity after death . In the case when the pharaoh was female , records of one example indicate that they had their daughter serve as the high priestess in their place . Often priests served in the administration of temples and oracles where priestesses performed the traditional religious rites . These rituals included music and drinking .
The pharaoh Hatshepsut had the ancient temple to Mut at Karnak rebuilt during their rule in the Eighteenth Dynasty . Previous excavators had thought that Amenhotep III had the temple built because of the hundreds of statues found there of Sekhmet that bore their name . However , Hatshepsut , who completed an enormous number of temples and public buildings , had completed the work seventy-five years earlier . They began the custom of depicting Mut with the crown of both Upper and Lower Egypt . It is thought that Amenhotep III removed most signs of Hatshepsut , while taking credit for the projects they had built .
Hatshepsut was a pharaoh who brought Mut to the fore again in the Egyptian pantheon , identifying strongly with the goddess . They stated that they were a descendant of Mut . They also associated themselves with the image of Sekhmet , as the more aggressive aspect of the goddess , having served as a very successful warrior during the early portion of their reign as pharaoh .
Later in the same dynasty , Akhenaten suppressed the worship of Mut as well as the other deities when they promoted the monotheistic worship of their sun god , Aten . Tutankhamun later re-established their worship and their successors continued to associate themselves with Mut afterward .
Ramesses II added more work on the Mut temple during the nineteenth dynasty , as well as rebuilding an earlier temple in the same area , rededicating it to Amun and himself . They placed it so that people would have to pass their temple on their way to that of Mut .
Kushite pharaohs expanded the Mut temple and modified the Ramesses temple for use as the shrine of the celebrated birth of Amun and Khonsu , trying to integrate themselves into divine succession . They also installed their own priestesses among the ranks of the priestesses who officiated at the temple of Mut .
The Greek Ptolemaic dynasty added its own decorations and priestesses at the temple as well and used the authority of Mut to emphasize their own interests .
Later , the Roman emperor Tiberius rebuilt the site after a severe flood and their successors supported the temple until it fell into disuse , sometime around the third century AD . Later Roman officials used the stones from the temple for their own building projects , often without altering the images carved upon them .
Personal piety
In the wake of Akhenaten 's revolution , and the subsequent restoration of traditional beliefs and practices , the emphasis in personal piety moved towards greater reliance on divine , rather than human , protection for the individual . During the reign of Rameses II a follower of the goddess Mut donated all their property to their temple and recorded in their tomb :
And they [ Kiki ] found Mut at the head of the gods , Fate and fortune in their hand , Lifetime and breath of life are theirs to command ... I have not chosen a protector among men . I have not sought myself a protector among the great ... My heart is filled with my mistress . I have no fear of anyone . I spend the night in quiet sleep , because I have a protector .
References
Further reading
Hays , Christopher B . `` The Egyptian Goddess Mut in Iron Age Palestine : Further Data From Amulets and Onomastics . '' Journal of Near Eastern Studies 71 , no . 2 ( 2012 ) : 299–314 . Accessed June 16 , 2020. .
External links
Creator deities
Creator goddesses
Egyptian goddesses
Fertility goddesses
Mother goddesses
Virgin goddesses
Theban Triad
The Crisis of Zionism is a 2012 book by Peter Beinart . The book describes Beinart 's views about the Israeli–Palestinian conflict . Particularly , Beinart contends that policies advocated by Zionists especially under Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud government are increasingly at odds with liberal ideals . They point to Israeli settlements in the West Bank as one troubling aspect of this policy .
The book originated with a piece published in The New York Review of Books in 2010 entitled `` The Failure of the American Jewish Establishment '' .
The book has been received unfavorably by many pro-Israeli groups . This criticism increased when Beinart called for a boycott of West Bank settlements .
References
2012 non-fiction books
Books about liberalism
Books about politics of Israel
Books about Zionism
Israeli–Palestinian conflict books
USS Arapaho or USS Arapahoe may refer to :
, a sloop-of-war or frigate which was never constructed , being canceled in 1866
, a tugboat launched on 20 June 1914
, a tugboat laid down on 8 November 1941 at Charleston , South Carolina
United States Navy ship names
This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1990 and 1995 , following the direct elections of 1990 .
Composition
Sources
List
1990s in Belgium
The men 's C-1 1000 metres event was an open-style , individual canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program .
Medallists
Results
Heats
18 competitors were entered . The top two finishers in each heat moved on to the final with the others relegated to the semifinals .
Semifinals
The top two finishers in each semifinal and the fastest third-place finisher advanced to the final .
Final
The final took place on August 3 .
Doktor led from start to finish .
References
1996 Summer Olympics official report Volume 3. p. 173 .
Sports-reference.com 1996 C-1 1000 m results .
Wallechinsky , David and Jaime Loucky ( 2008 ) . `` Canoeing : Men 's Canadian Singles 1000 Meters '' . In The Complete Book of the Olympics : 2008 Edition . London : Aurum Press , Limited . p. 481 .
Men 's C-1 1000
Men 's events at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Andrew Fraknoi ( born 1948 ) is a retired professor of astronomy recognized for their lifetime of work using everyday language to make astronomy more accessible and popular for both students and the general public . In 2017 Fraknoi retired from their position as Chair of the Department of Astronomy at Foothill College . In retirement they continue to teach through the Fromm Institute for Lifelong Learning and the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at San Francisco State University , to give public lectures , and to add to their body of written work . They are the recipient of numerous awards and honors in their field .
Fraknoi continues to serve on the board of trustees of the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence ( SETI ) Institute , a scientific and educational organization . They are also an elected Fellow of the California Academy of Sciences , an Honorary Member of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada , and a Fellow of the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry . They have a special interest in debunking astrology and other pseudosciences connected to astronomy .
Early life and education
Fraknoi was born in Hungary in 1948 . Eight years later , following the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 , they and their family fled their home in Budapest . They spent almost a year in an Austrian refugee camp and finally resettled in New York City . They entered their first American school at age 11 , unable to speak English . Comic books , with their pictures and simple language , became their preferred entry point to learning . Their initial interest was superhero comic books , and then comics with outer space themes . `` This is n't just comic books – this is real , '' they recall thinking about space .
Fraknoi graduated from the Bronx High School of Science in 1966 . They earned their A.B . in Astronomy ( with a minor in Physics ) from Harvard University in 1970 , and their M.A . in Astronomy from University of California , Berkeley in 1972 .
Professional career
Fraknoi held the position of Chair of the Department of Astronomy at Foothill College from 1992 to 2017 . They also taught astronomy and physics at other institutions including San Francisco State University , City College of San Francisco , Cañada College , and several campuses of the University of California Extension Division . Fraknoi served as the executive director of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific from 1978 to 1992 , edited its popular magazine `` Mercury '' , both expanding circulation and reaching out to lay people as well as teachers . In this role they also established the newsletter `` The Universe in the Classroom '' specifically for teachers . They are the founder and was director of `` Project ASTRO '' , which sets up partnerships between volunteer astronomers and 4th-9th grade teachers ; each astronomer `` adopts '' one classroom for a year , visits at least four times , and works with the teacher to do hands-on activities in astronomy . The program is still operating in sites around the country . Later they founded and directed `` Family ASTRO '' , a project to design activities , kits and games to help families share the excitement of astronomical discovery .
Fraknoi is recognized for both their multi-dimensional approach , and their innovation , in making astronomy more accessible to all . Their popular interdisciplinary course on Albert Einstein 's life and work , Physics for Poets ( nicknamed `` Einstein Without Tears '' ) , won the 2005 `` Innovation of the Year '' award from the League for Innovation . In this course students learn about areas of modern physics that Einstein had a role in creating or changing , and then read novels , stories , and poems , and hear music influenced by Einstein 's work and ideas . According to Thuy Thi Nguyen , president of Foothill College at the time of Fraknoi 's retirement , the college sent a memo to the student body to warn them that spring semester 2017 would be their last chance to attend this very popular course . Fraknoi also created and offered various other courses for non-science majors .
In 2007 Fraknoi was the narrator for Gustav Holst 's `` The Planets '' for the California Symphony Orchestra , a role they repeated with the Peninsula Symphony in 2017 . They hold a long-time interest in astronomically correct science fiction , which they also use in their teaching and writing . They have compiled an extensive resource with examples of scientifically accurate science fiction . They also are a science fiction author in their own right with four published stories , one in the magazine , SciPhi Journal , one in the on-line magazine Flash Fiction , and two in science fiction anthologies .
Since 1999 , Fraknoi has organized and moderated the Silicon Valley Astronomy Lecture Series where noted astronomers from around California and the nation give nontechnical public talks on new developments in our exploration of the universe in the large Smithwick Theater at Foothill College . Cosponsored by the SETI Institute , and the Astronomical Society of the Pacific , and the University of California Observatories , the talks , attended by 400 to 900+ people each time , have featured Nobel laureates , members of the National Academy of Sciences , and many other distinguished scientists . Some lectures have been taped and are available on YouTube .
Fraknoi has served on the Board of Trustees of the SETI Institute , a scientific and educational organization devoted to the search for life in the universe , since its inception in 1985 . From 2010 to 2012 , they were vice-chair of the Board and served on the program committee planning the first and second SETIcon , a national weekend public conferences devoted to the scientific quest for our counterparts among the stars . In 2013 , they were elected to the board of trustees of the Friends of the Lick Observatory , later called the Lick Observatory Council .
In their retirement Fraknoi continues to teach classes at both the Fromm Institute for Lifelong Learning through University of San Francisco , and the Osher Lifelong Learning Institute at San Francisco State University .
Written Works
Fraknoi is the author or co-author of 14 books in the field of astronomy . They were the lead author of Voyages through the Universe , an introductory college astronomy textbook published by Brooks-Cole , which went through three editions . In the 1980s , they co-edited with Byron Preiss two collections of science articles and science fiction stories , `` The Universe '' and `` The Planets . '' With Sidney Wolff , Fraknoi founded and was co-editor of the first on-line journal devoted to astronomy education , `` Astronomy Education Review '' . They edited two collections of resources for K-12 teachers , The Universe at Your Fingertips and More Universe at Your Fingertips published through the Astronomical Society of the Pacific . Additionally , they are the lead author of the 2016 college textbook `` Astronomy '' , published by OpenStax as a free book for college students around the world , part of a project at Rice University ( supported by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation ) to make college more affordable .
They also authored multiple resources for young people . They are the co-author of the richly illustrated 2017 children 's book about eclipses `` When the Sun Goes Dark '' , that came out just ahead of the North American solar eclipse in August 2017 . In 2007 , their first children 's book `` Wonderful World of Space '' was published by Disney . When asked about the book in a 2008 podcast interview , Fraknoi explained , `` This has been a fun project . My son , who was 13 at the time , and I got a chance to write a picture book on astronomy for Disney and the challenge was how can we convey some of these modern ideas , including the Big Bang , to kids who are in 4th or 5th grade . '' Their 2015 book , `` Solar Science '' , published by the National Science Teachers Association , is full of 45 hands-on activities about the Sun , the seasons , the Moon , eclipses , and more .
Fraknoi frequently writes articles on interdisciplinary topics , such as using music , poetry , or science fiction to teach science . They have published a list of science fiction stories using good astronomy , as well as a resource guide to music inspired by astronomy . Fraknoi themselves has had two stories published in science fiction anthologies . The story `` Cave in Arsia Mons '' is published in the book `` Building Red : Mission Mars , '' edited by Janet Cannon , and the story `` Supernova Rhythm '' is published in the book `` Science Fiction by Scientists , '' edited by Mike Brotherton and published by Springer . Their third published story appeared in Sci Phi Journal , while their fourth and fifth can be found on-line in Flash Fiction and Theme of Absence magazines ; see External Links below .
Media appearances
Fraknoi has been a frequent radio , television and podcast guest explaining astronomical developments in everyday language . According to their published biography at Wonderfest , the science education organization that awarded them their 2002 Carl Sagan Prize for Science Popularization , Fraknoi `` appeared for over 20 years on the Jim Eason Show on KGO or KSFO radio and [ as ] a regular guest on both the Pete Wilson Show ( later the `` Gil Gross Show '' ) on KGO and Michael Krasny 's Forum program on KQED . Nationally , they have been heard regularly on Science Friday and Weekend All Things Considered on National Public Radio . They have given over 400 public lectures on topics ranging from the death of stars to the origin of the universe . '' Their television appearances include The Today Show , CBS Morning News , and Larry King Live . They also post frequently on their own blog Exploring the Universe .
Awards and recognition
Fraknoi has been the recipient of many notable awards throughout their career . In 1994 they were awarded the American Astronomical Society 's Annenberg Foundation Award -- then the highest honor in the field of astronomy education , as well as the Klumpke-Roberts Award of The Astronomical Society of the Pacific ( given for a lifetime of contributions to popularizing astronomy ) . In 2002 they received the Carl Sagan Prize for Science Popularization . In 2007 they were named California Professor of the Year by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching and the Council for Advancement and Support of Education . Additionally they were conferred the Astronomical Society of the Pacific 's 2007 Richard H. Emmons award and the American Institute of Physics ' 2007 Andrew Gemant Award ( given for a lifetime of contributions to the intersection of physics and culture ) . In 2011 they were elected an Honorary Member by the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada and in 2013 was conferred the Faraday Science Communicator Award . Asteroid 4859 was named Asteroid Fraknoi by the International Astronomical Union `` to honor their work in sharing the excitement of modern astronomy with students , teachers and the public '' .
In March 2019 , Fraknoi was awarded the 2019 Space Educator : Lifetime Achievement Award from The National Space Club , a prestigious award that recognizes people for significant contributions to space-science education . They were presented with the award at the 62nd Annual Goddard Memorial Dinner on March 22 , 2019 .
They were elected a Legacy Fellow of the American Astronomical Society in 2020 .
Personal Philosophy
Fraknoi has demonstrated , through a lifetime of work , their commitment to advancing public understanding of astronomy and science using everyday language . They said in an interview after being named 2007 California Professor of the Year : `` I believe that an understanding of our place in the wider universe and the methods of science are part of the birthright of everyone living on our planet ... Yet , the way science is taught in this country can often discourage non-science majors from taking a life-long interest , or even a course-long interest , in science . My philosophy is to show students that science is engaging , human , and part of our cultural heritage . '' In 2013 Fraknoi received the Faraday Science Communicator Award . Michael Faraday , for whom the award was named , was an influential 19th century scientist and a great advocate for rigorous , skeptical thinking and recognizing how easy it is for the mind to deceive itself . Fraknoi was quoted on receipt of the award , `` I too try to encourage students and the public to examine claims at the fringes of science with skepticism and fact-based thinking '' .
Personal life
Fraknoi and their wife live in San Francisco . They have one son .
References
External links
Fraknoi 's website ( on astronomy and astronomy education )
Video of Fraknoi 's talk on `` The 'All-American ' Eclipse of the Sun ''
Fraknoi 's AstroProf Facebook page
Some articles on the web by Fraknoi
Fraknoi 's 2019 humorous science fiction story on a message from an extra-terrestrial civilization
Fraknoi 's 2021 short science fiction story ' I Swallowed a Martian '
Fraknoi 's 2022 short science fiction story 'Slow-time Station '
Fraknoi 's catalog of over 250 pieces of music inspired by astronomy
Video of Fraknoi explaining black holes in everyday terms
Fraknoi 's annotated subject index of science fiction stories with good astronomy
OpenStax astronomy online textbook ( Fraknoi is the lead author )
SVAstronomyLectures YouTube channel
Living people
1948 births
American astronomers
American skeptics
Harvard College alumni
American science writers
Science communicators
Search for extraterrestrial intelligence
The Bronx High School of Science alumni
American science fiction writers
Skepticism
Fellows of the American Astronomical Society
HD 194012 ( HR 7793 ; Gliese 789 ) is a star in the equatorial constellation Delphinus . It has an apparent magnitude of 6.15 , making it visible to the naked eye under ideal conditions . The star is relatively close at a distance of only 85 light years but is receding with a heliocentric radial velocity of .
HD 194012 has a stellar classification of F7 V , indicating that it is an ordinary F-type main-sequence star . It has 121 % the mass of the Sun and is estimated to be a billion years old , spinning with a projected rotational velocity of . The star 's diameter is 118 % that of the Sun and shines with a luminosity of from its photosphere at an effective temperature of , giving a yellow white hue . HD 194012 's metallicity is calculated to be 87 % that of the Sun .
A 2010 paper has identified a candidate substellar companion away along a position angle of . HD 194012 has been examined for infrared excess suggesting a debris disk but none was found .
References
Delphinus ( constellation )
F-type main-sequence stars
High-proper-motion stars
BD+14 04275
0789
100511
194012
7793
The Zamboanga del Norte Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan ( provincial legislature ) of the Philippine province of Zamboanga del Norte .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting : the province is divided into three districts , the first district sending two members , and the second and third districts sending four members each to the provincial board ; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends . The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer , and only votes to break ties . The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide .
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Zamboanga del Norte .
Aside from the regular members , the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay ( ABC , from its old name `` Association of Barangay Captains '' ) , the Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK , youth councils ) and the Philippine Councilors League ( PCL ) .
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections :
Vice Governor : Julius C. Napigquit ( PDP–Laban )
Past members
Vice Governors
1st District Board Members
City : Dapitan
Municipalities : La Libertad , Mutia , Piñan , Polanco , Rizal , Sergio Osmeña Sr. , Sibutad
Population ( 2015 ) : 224,893
2nd District Board Members
City : Dipolog
Municipalities : Jose Dalman , Katipunan , Manukan , President Manuel A. Roxas , Siayan , Sindangan
Population ( 2015 ) : 413,974
3rd District
Municipalities : Baliguian , Godod , Gutalac , Kalawit , Labason , Leon B. Postigo , Liloy , Salug , Sibuco , Siocon , Sirawai , Tampilisan
Population ( 2015 ) : 372,526
Philippine Councilors League President
These are members representing a group of elected councilors from the two City Councils ( Dapitan and Dipolog ) and twenty-five Municipal Councils of Zamboanga del Norte .
Liga ng mga Barangay President
These are members representing a group of elected Barangay captains from the 27 ABC councils of Zamboanga del Norte .
Sangguniang Kabataan Federation President
These are members representing a group of elected SK chairpersons from 27 SK Federation councils of Zamboanga del Norte .
Notes
References
See also
2019 Zamboanga del Norte local elections
Zamboanga del Norte
Politics of Zamboanga del Norte
Provincial boards in the Philippines
For the Swedish musician , see Daniel Håkansson
Daniel Håkansson ( born March 13 , 1996 ) is a Swedish ice hockey player . They are currently playing with Linköpings HC of the Swedish Hockey League .
Håkansson made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Linköpings HC during the 2014–15 SHL season .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Linköping HC players
Swedish ice hockey forwards
People from Linköping
Sportspeople from Östergötland County
Ardsallagh Goat Farm is located at Carrigtwohill , County Cork . Three types of cheese are made from their own herd and from locally sourced goat 's milk . The cheeses are suitable for vegetarians .
Products
Ardsallagh Natural Goats Yogurt
Ardsallagh Cranberry Roulade
Ardsallagh Soft Goat 's Cheese - aged from 4 days to 6 weeks .
Ardsallagh Hard Goat 's Cheese - aged for 3 months
Ardsallagh Smoked Cheese - aged for 3 months
Awards
Irish Cheese awards 2011 . Gold - Cranberry Roulade
British Cheese Awards 2011 .
Silver - smoked cheese .
Bronze - soft cheese .
British Cheese awards 2010
Bronze - Cranberry Roulade
Silver - Smoked goats cheese
British Cheese awards 2005 . Gold - Honey Mustard Goats Cheese
See also
List of goat milk cheeses
References
Further reading
External links
Official website of Ardsallagh Goat Farm
Dairy products companies of Ireland
Cheesemakers
Goat's-milk cheeses
Vayalar Sarath Chandra Varma ( born 12 February 1960 ) is a noted malayalam lyricist and poet . They are the son of Malayalam Popular poet and lyricist late Vayalar Ramavarma . They made their debut in the malayalam film industry through the 1990 malayalam movie Ente ponnu Thamburan which was directed by AT . Abu and music was composed by G.Devarajan
Life and career
Sarath was born to Vayalar Ramavarma and Bharathy Thamburatty in Vayalar village in Alapuzha district of Kerala . Their father was a popular malayalam lyricist . They were the eldest of the four children of their parents , followed by three younger sisters named Indulekha , Yamuna and Sindhu ( died on 30 May 2021 ) . They studied at St. Xavier 's College , Thumba , Trivandrum and attended Mar Ivanious College , Thiruvanathampuram for graduation and was elected as college magazine editor . After completing their degree , they took a job at a distillery near Cherthala .
It was a stage in their life when their father had died and the family was undergoing a lot of hardships . After their father 's death the Vayalar Trust was set up in fond memory of their father . Sarath 's turning point came after they lost their job . Their second sister 's wedding was fixed and their grandmother was critically ill , and they were unable to go to the office for a long time . This led to their termination and their grandmother too had died then and the wedding was over too . As they were jobless , they were totally immersed in reading their father 's works . However , one day they scribbled some lines which came out from their imagination , and it sounded good to him . They sent those works to singer K.J.Yesudas and the singer accepted their work . Their lyrics were set to music by Alleppey Ranganath and appeared in the 10th volume of Ayyappa songs in 1990 . Thus , Sarath started their journey in writing songs . Later , they debuted in films through the film 'Ente Ponnuthamburan ' , released in 1992 . That film had four songs composed by G. Devarajan and Mohan sithara . But their career had a break only through the film 'Mizhi Randilum ' which was directed by Rajith and the music was composed by Raveendran all of the songs in the film became iconic . They currently work in the songwriting field , having written about 508 songs from 174 movies . They are married to Sreelatha and they have a daughter Subadra .
Filmography
Awards
2012 - Nominated—SIIMA Award for Best Lyricist for `` Azhalinte '' - Ayalum Njanum Thammil
2011 - P. Bhaskaran Award
2009 - Asianet Film Award for Best Lyricist -Neelathaamara
2003 - Asianet Film Award for Best Lyricist -Mizhi Randilum
References
Walking in their father 's footsteps
Film critics ' awards for Vayalar Sarathchandravarma
External links
Neelathaamara ( written by M. T. ) - it is a modern remake of Neelathamara which MT had written years back and was directed by Yusufali Kecheri .
Hits of Vayalar Sarathchandra Varma
Malayali people
People from Kerala
Malayalam-language lyricists
Living people
1960 births
William Glenn McCahan ( June 7 , 1921 – July 3 , 1986 ) was an American professional baseball player and right-handed pitcher in the Major Leagues with the Philadelphia Athletics from to . Born in Philadelphia , they were listed as tall and . They graduated from Duke University and served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II , attaining the rank of second lieutenant and earning their pilot 's wings . McCahan also played professional basketball for the Syracuse Nationals of the National Basketball League .
Early baseball career
McCahan had begun their professional baseball career in 1942 with the Class B Wilmington Blue Rocks before entering the military . They resumed it in 1946 with the Triple-A Toronto Maple Leafs of the International League , winning 11 of 18 decisions with a solid 2.76 earned run average , and earning a late-season callup to the Athletics . In their first MLB game , on September 15 , 1946 , they shut out the Cleveland Indians 2–0 , allowing seven hits and three bases on balls . In their final start of the year , on September 29 at Shibe Park , McCahan went seven innings against the New York Yankees and allowed only two runs ( both earned ) , but the game was ended prematurely with the Athletics trailing 2–1 by a city curfew that prohibited night baseball on Sundays in Philadelphia . McCahan was credited with their second big-league complete game , but was tagged with their first loss .
McCahan followed their promising 1946 debut with a stellar rookie campaign in as a member of the Athletics ' revitalized pitching staff . They won ten games , lost five , and posted ten complete games and an earned run average of 3.32 .
No-hit effort
The highlight of McCahan 's 1947 season came on September 3 .
On that afternoon , McCahan no-hit the Washington Senators 3–0 at Shibe Park . With one out in the second inning , Athletics ' first baseman Ferris Fain , after fielding a routine ground ball , threw wildly to McCahan , covering first base . Stan Spence of the Senators made it all the way to second base , the only blemish on McCahan 's otherwise perfect game .
McCahan had been on the losing end of the last no-hitter prior to this one , pitched by Cleveland 's Don Black on July 10 of that same season ; not until Tim Lincecum in 2013 would a pitcher hurl a no-hitter after being on the losing end of the last no-hitter before it . McCahan 's no-hitter would also be the last for the Athletics until Catfish Hunter 's perfect game in ; by Hunter 's time , the franchise had moved to Oakland via Kansas City .
Late career
However , while they were working for an oil company during the 1947–1948 offseason , McCahan injured their shoulder lifting barrels—ruining their season and their long-term MLB career . They won only four of 11 decisions in 1948 , and although they threw five more complete games , their earned run average ballooned to a poor 5.71 . In 1949 , they worked in only 12 games ( five of them at Triple-A ) , and the Athletics traded them to the Brooklyn Dodgers . They spent three seasons in the Dodgers ' farm system , but , apart from an invitation to the Dodgers ' 1950 spring training camp , they never saw any action with Brooklyn .
In their four-year , 57-game major league career , McCahan compiled a 16–14 won–lost record and a 3.84 earned run average . They allowed 297 hits and 145 bases on balls in 290 innings pitched , with 76 strikeouts . McCahan had 17 complete games and two shutouts among their 40 career starts .
McCahan 's service with the Double-A Fort Worth Cats led them to make their permanent home in that Texas city . They married a Fort Worth woman , worked for General Dynamics Corporation for 26 years , and died there , from cancer , at age 65 . They were interred at Fort Worth 's Greenwood Memorial Park .
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
External links
NBL statistics available from BBALLSports.com 's downloadable database
1921 births
1986 deaths
American men 's basketball players
United States Army Air Forces bomber pilots of World War II
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Basketball players from Philadelphia
Buffalo Bisons ( minor league ) players
Burials in Texas
Deaths from cancer in Texas
Duke Blue Devils baseball players
Duke Blue Devils men 's basketball players
Elmira Pioneers players
Fort Worth Cats players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Minor league baseball managers
Montreal Royals players
Philadelphia Athletics players
Pueblo Dodgers players
Syracuse Nationals players
Toronto Maple Leafs ( International League ) players
Wilmington Blue Rocks ( 1940–1952 ) players
United States Army Air Forces officers
Sepp van den Berg ( born 20 December 2001 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as centre-back for Bundesliga club Schalke 04 , on loan from Premier League club Liverpool .
Club career
PEC Zwolle
After successfully progressing through the PEC Zwolle youth ranks since 2012 , Van den Berg made their first team debut on 11 March 2018 , coming on as a 45th minute substitute in a 2–0 league defeat at home to Groningen .
Liverpool
On 27 June 2019 , Van den Berg joined Liverpool for a confirmed fee of £1.3 million , which could potentially rise up to £4.4 million if all agreed clauses are activated . They made their competitive debut for the club on 25 September 2019 in an EFL Cup match against Milton Keynes Dons . Van den Berg made their first start in Liverpool 's 5–5 draw against Arsenal in the EFL Cup fourth round on 30 October . Liverpool went on to win 5–4 in the penalty shoot-out .
Loan to Preston North End
On 1 February 2021 , Van den Berg joined EFL Championship side Preston North End on loan for the remainder of the 2020–21 season . Five days later , they made their debut for Preston as a substitute for Paul Huntington in a 1–2 home league defeat by Rotherham United .
On 21 June 2021 , Van den Berg extended their loan to Preston by an additional 12 months , to an 18 month loan deal , to remain at the club for the 2021–22 season . They scored their first professional goal in a 4-2 win at Morecambe in the EFL Cup in August 2021 .
Loan to Schalke 04
On 30 August 2022 , van den Berg joined Bundesliga side Schalke 04 on a season-long loan .
International career
Van den Berg is a youth international for the Netherlands . After accruing 10 caps and 3 goals for the Netherlands U19 's , Van den Berg made their debut for the Netherlands U21 's in a 5-0 win against Wales on 12th October 2021 .
Personal life
Their younger brother Rav plays for PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Liverpool
FIFA Club World Cup : 2019
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Zwolle
Footballers from Overijssel
Dutch footballers
Association football defenders
PEC Zwolle players
Liverpool F.C . players
Preston North End F.C . players
FC Schalke 04 players
Eredivisie players
English Football League players
Bundesliga players
Netherlands youth international footballers
Netherlands under-21 international footballers
Dutch expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in England
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Germany
James Baird ( 30 November 1828 – 30 May 1915 ) was Scottish born and came to Newfoundland at 16 and soon established themselves as a prominent merchant .
Baird , a brother , and later a nephew built up a business which included a large array of general merchandise and eventually branched into the fishery supply business . They were an early steam yacht owner : GRIFFIN was built in 1865 for them by Aitken & Mansel , Whiteinch , Glasgow , Scotland . By the mid-1880s , they had entered the fish export trade and survived both the St. John 's fire in 1892 and the banking collapse a few years later . They were highly important in the founding and supporting of many industries .
Baird , despite their high profile and important business career , is best known in Newfoundland history for the famous Baird et al . v. Walker case . It was a dispute over the location and operation of a lobster factory on land deemed to be assigned to the French . Baird won a settlement in the Supreme Court of Newfoundland . In 1898 they were appointed to the Legislative Council of Newfoundland , a position they held for the remainder of their life .
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
James Baird Biography
1828 births
1915 deaths
Members of the Legislative Council of Newfoundland
Scottish emigrants to pre-Confederation Newfoundland
Dominion of Newfoundland people
Newfoundland Colony people
Zsolt Petőváry ( born 15 March 1965 ) is a Hungarian water polo player . They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics .
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Hungarian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Hungary
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Budapest
Oswaldo Cruz is a neighborhood of the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro , of middle-class and lower middle-class situated near the neighborhoods of Madureira ( east ) , Bento Ribeiro ( west ) , Vila Valqueire ( south ) , and Turiaçu ( north ) . It is known nationally for being the birthplace of Portela , the great champion of the Carioca Carnival .
Cut by the railway , Oswaldo Cruz is a typically residential neighborhood , with approximately 40.000 residents .
History
The neighborhood was once part of the Parish of Irajá , created in 1644 . In the end of the 19th century and beginning of 20th century , the economy of the region , supported by slavery , enters crisis and the old latifundiums start to be divided by the poor population , mainly by people escaping the urban reforms realized in the center of the city .
In 1890 , the Dona Clara Station of trains was inaugurated , that gave name to the area of limits still not defined , that then was confused with Madureira . In 1917 , with the death of the doctor and sanitary engineer Oswaldo Cruz , the local station is renamed and with along the time this name ends being attributed to the neighborhood . However until today in the neighborhood of Madureira there is a street with the name of Dona Clara .
It belonged to Dona Clara the Blocos of Dona Esther , `` Quem Fala de Nós Come Mosca '' ( `` Who Talks About Us Eats Flies ) . , ancestral of Portela . In the 1920s , when Portela is founded , the neighborhood is already known as Oswaldo Cruz , that the first name of the council was Conjunto Oswaldo Cruz .
References
External links
Findarticles
Neighbourhoods in Rio de Janeiro ( city )
Dame Rosalie Winterton , ( born 10 August 1958 ) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Doncaster Central since 1997 . In June 2017 , Winterton became one of three Deputy Speakers in the House of Commons .
They served under Prime Minister Tony Blair as a minister in the Department for Health , then under Gordon Brown as the Minister of State for Transport from 2007 to 2008 , Minister for Work and Pensions from 2008 to 2009 , and the Minister for Local Government from 2009 to 2010 , making them the only one of the current Speaker and Deputy Speakers to have served as a minister in government . They later entered the Shadow Cabinet in May 2010 as the Shadow Leader of the House of Commons .
In September 2010 , Winterton was nominated and elected unopposed as Labour Chief Whip and served in the post until October 2016 . They were elected as one of three deputy speakers of the House of Commons on 28 June 2017 and re-elected unopposed on 7 January 2020 ,
On 27 February 2022 , Winterton announced they would not contest the next UK general election .
Early life
Winterton was educated at St Mary 's ( now Hill House School , Doncaster ) , Ackworth School ( an independent school ) and Doncaster Grammar School on Thorne Road ( now Hall Cross Academy ) . They then read for a BA in history at the University of Hull , which they graduated with in 1979 . They first worked as John Prescott 's Constituency Personal Assistant from 1980 until 1986 , and then Parliamentary Officers , first for Southwark Council for two years until 1988 and then for a further two for the Royal College of Nursing until 1990 .
After working for four years in the private sector , as Managing Director of Connect Public Affairs , they returned to politics to assist John Prescott in 1994 ; Prescott had been elected as the Deputy Leader of the Labour Party , and Winterton worked as Head of Office for the Deputy Party Leader until 1997 .
Parliamentary career
Winterton became an MP in the 1997 election , serving the safe Labour seat of Doncaster Central constituency with a vote share exceeding 50 % in each general election until 2010 , where their vote share fell to 39.7 % .
They entered government in 2001 , serving as a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State in the Lord Chancellor 's Department , and became a Minister of State at the Department for Health in June 2003 ; in January 2006 their responsibilities were changed to Health Services , including responsibility for NHS dentistry . They presided over the introduction of the new NHS dental contract of April 2006 .
In June 2007 , they were appointed Minister of State at the Department for Transport by the new Prime Minister , Gordon Brown . Winterton was subsequently appointed Minister for Yorkshire and the Humber in addition to their DfT responsibilities on 24 January 2008 . They were promoted to Minister of State for Pensions at the Department for Work and Pensions in the October 2008 reshuffle , retaining their Ministerial brief for Yorkshire and the Humber .
In the June 2009 reshuffle , Winterton was moved to Minister of State for Regional Economic Development and Co-ordination at the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills and the Department for Communities and Local Government and , in that role , was invited to attend cabinet when their responsibility was on the agenda .
In September 2010 , they were nominated and elected unopposed as Labour Chief Whip and served until October 2016 , when they were replaced by Nick Brown .
In June 2017 , Winterton was elected to serve as Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means .
They are a member of Labour Friends of Israel .
On 27 February 2022 , Winterton announced their intention to stand down at the next general election .
Expenses scandal
Winterton was one of a number of Government Ministers who secretly repaid back some of expenses money which they had wrongly claimed . In the row over MPs ' expenses , it was claimed they used taxpayers ' cash to soundproof the bedroom of their south London flat . According to The Daily Telegraph , the minister claimed a total of £86,277 over four years in additional costs allowance – close to the total allowed under Parliament 's green book .
Honours
In June 2006 , they were appointed a member of Them Majesty 's Most Honourable Privy Council , and they were sworn in on 19 July 2006 .
They were appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2016 New Year Honours .
Notes
References
External links
Rosie Winterton MP official constituency website
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1958 births
Living people
People educated at Hill House School , South Yorkshire
People educated at Ackworth School
Alumni of the University of Hull
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Labour Friends of Israel
Politics of Doncaster
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
UK MPs 2019–present
20th-century British women politicians
21st-century British women politicians
Deputy Speakers of the British House of Commons
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
21st-century English women
21st-century English people
Women legislative deputy speakers
Timson may refer to :
Andrew Timson ( born 1961 ) , English rugby league footballer of the 1970s and 1980s
Frank Timson ( 1909-1960 ) , Australian politician
Matt Timson , British comic book artist
See also
Timsons , a British manufacturing company
Timpson ( disambiguation )
Patronymic surnames
The Hessian Courier ( German : Der Hessische Landbote ) is an eight-page pamphlet , written by Georg Büchner in 1834 , in which they argue against the social injustices of their time . It was printed and published following editorial revision by the Butzbach pastor Friedrich Ludwig Weidig . The first copies of the pamphlet were secretly distributed in the Grand Duchy of Hesse on the eve of 31 July 1834 . The pamphlet is famous for its first line : `` Peace to the huts ! War on the palaces ! '' ( Friede den Hütten ! Krieg den Palästen ! ) .
Contents of the pamphlet
The pamphlet begins after a short preface ( with instructions to the readers on how best they should handle the illegal text ) with the rallying call : `` Peace to the huts ! War on the palaces ! `` , a translation of a motto of the French revolution . The circulation of the pamphlet is unknown , it was probably in the range of 1,200 to 1,500 copies . The authors compare the social conditions in Hesse at that time with a ( modified ) example from the creation story in the Bible . They ask provocatively if , unlike in Genesis , the `` peasants and craftsmen '' were created on the fifth rather than the sixth day and are therefore to be categorised as animals that can be controlled at the whim of the people created on the sixth day , namely `` the princes and the nobles . '' In addition , the authors denounce the judiciary as a `` whore of the princes '' ; it is `` just a way to keep you in order so that they can more easily enslave you . ''
The key motif of this polemic pamphlet , which runs through the entire text as a continuous theme , is the connection of this biblical style with the listing of figures showing the ( high ) tax revenues and ( wasteful ) expenditure of the Grand Duchy of Hessen . Thus Büchner and Weidig tried to convince the God-fearing people of the urgency of a revolution and the justification of an uprising against the Grand Duke and the state order , which at the time was seen to be `` given by God 's grace '' and therefore untouchable .
Origins and distribution
It is assumed that the first draft of Georg Büchner 's pamphlet was written in late March 1834 at the Badenburg in Gießen and was revised in May by Friedrich Ludwig Weidig . Between 5 and 9 July , Georg Büchner and an associate brought the revised text to the printers at Offenbach am Main . On 31 July , Karl Minnigerode , Friedrich Jacob Schütz and Karl Zeuner collected the printed copies of the text from the Carl Preller printing presses to distribute them . An informant named Johann Konrad Kuhl told the police about the highly charged text . The very next day , 1 August , Karl Minnigerode was arrested with 139 copies of the pamphlet in their possession . Büchner warned Schütz , Zeuner and Weidig about the police activities . The copies that had not been confiscated were then distributed .
The pamphlet was revised once again by Leopold Eichelberg and reprinted in Marburg in November . In some cases , entire passages were removed or added during these revisions . For example , if one compares the versions of July and November 1834 , the introductory text ( mentioned above ) is missing from the November edition , and the pamphlet begins directly with the rallying cry `` Peace to the huts ... '' Büchner 's original text does not survive . The July edition revised by Weidig is now the starting point for research . According to reports , Büchner was incensed by the changes made by Weidig and was no longer prepared to accept the text as their own . This suggests that the changes were relatively significant . Büchner research suggests that Weidig 's interventions are more frequent in the second part in particular .
Aftermath
The authorities reacted violently to the release of the pamphlet . A wanted poster was released for Büchner 's arrest , but they were able to flee across the French border to Strasbourg in 1835 . Weidig , who was now a pastor in Ober-Gleen after being forced to relocate , was arrested later along with other opposition figures . They were first detained in Friedberg and then in Darmstadt . There they were subjected to inhumane conditions ; they were tortured and died in 1837 in circumstances that were never fully explained . The official investigation determined the cause of death to be suicide by the slitting of their wrists .
A forensic report produced in 1975 by the University of Heidelberg , which naturally could only be a reassessment of the written evidence , confirmed this and indicated that the death was caused by lack of medical intervention . The mysterious death of “ Pastor Weidig ” became a political weapon in the 1840s . In the process , rumours of external influence up to allegations of murder were circulated , none of which can be either completely proven or disproven , since no impartial sources are now available .
Assessment
The Hessian Courier is to be seen as a call for revolution to the rural population , against both the aristocratic upper-class and ( at least in Büchner 's original ) against the rich liberal middle classes , although Weidig is supposed to have replaced Büchner 's term “ die Reichen ” ( the rich ) with “ die Vornehmen ” ( gentry , nobility ) , to lessen criticism .
Historically preceding this was the Hambacher Fest , during which oppositional forces from all social classes met , but joint action against the ruling class could not be agreed upon . This became apparent in the ‘ Frankfurter Wachensturm ' of 3 April 1833 , which was poorly organised and therefore quickly quashed . One of the main reasons unity on a broad front could not be reached was because the liberal middle class were repeatedly palmed off with minor concessions and promises by the nobility . This was useless for the poor and starving rural population of Hesse . They occasionally made their presence felt through protests , but these were brutally suppressed , as in the ‘ Södel ' bloodbath in 1830 .
Therefore , the Courier calls on the peasantry to start a revolution against both the ruling class and the propertied classes . According to Büchner `` only the necessary desire of the masses can bring about change . '' In later writings Büchner expresses themselves even more clearly , perhaps more resignedly : for example in a letter to Karl Gutzkow they express their belief that the people can not be moved to revolt through idealism : `` and the masses themselves ? There are only two levers for them : material need and religious fanaticism . '' Even if their use of religion is not fanatical , Büchner and Weidig make use of these two levers in the Hessian Courier , in order to win 'the masses ' over to their aims . The authors place the material misery of the peasantry before their eyes , in particular contrast to 'the gentry , ' and at the same time provide religious justification for the desired uprising .
The Hessian Courier is considered one of the most important works of the 'Vormärz ' period . Thomas Nipperdey called it the first great manifesto for a social revolution
References
External links
Der Hessische Landbote at Project Gutenberg ( in German )
1834 books
Works by Georg Büchner
Pamphlets
Essays about politics
1830s in the Grand Duchy of Hesse
Syaifullah Nazar ( born May 15 , 1983 ) is an Indonesian former footballer who played as a forward . They were one of the original players in South Kalimantan .
Honours
Club honors
Barito Putera
Liga Indonesia Premier Division ( 1 ) : 2011–12
Liga Indonesia Second Division ( 1 ) : 2008–09
Individual honors
Liga Indonesia First Division Top Scorer ( 1 ) : 2009–10
References
External links
1983 births
Association football forwards
Living people
Indonesian footballers
Liga 1 ( Indonesia ) players
PS Barito Putera players
Indonesian Premier Division players
People from South Kalimantan
Dennis Bryce ( born 31 December 1977 ) is a Western Samoan football player who plays in the central defence position . They made their debut on 10 May 2004 against American Samoa in their group match in the 2004 OFC Nations Cup/qualification tournament for the 2006 FIFA World Cup . Samoa defeated American Samoa , 4-0 . The first goal of the match was made by Bryce , a heading in from a corner .
References
Living people
Samoan footballers
Sportspeople from Apia
Samoa international footballers
Association football defenders
1977 births
Richard Granger ( born c.1965 ) is a British management consultant and former UK civil servant who was Director General for the NHS 's information technology project , Connecting for Health .
Early career
Granger worked for Andersen Consulting ( now Accenture ) and in the oil industry . After Andersen they became a partner at Deloitte Consulting . At Deloitte they were responsible for procurement and delivery of a number of large scale IT programmes , including the Congestion Charging Scheme for London .
NHS
In 2002 Granger was appointed Director General of Information at the National Health Service , with responsibility for the NHS IT centralisation scheme , NPfIT ( National Programme for IT ) , later rebadged as NHS Connecting for Health or CfH .
They announced their resignation in June 2007 , saying that they planned to return to the private sector . They transitioned out of the role and left CfH in February 2008 . Granger was recognised with a number of awards for their work in the NHS . These included an honorary doctorate in Public Health from Cass Business School , London , Chartered IT Professional status and advancement to Fellowship of the British Computer Society . Granger was a member of the Advisory Panel for the production of the ITGI 's COBIT 4.1 IT Governance Guide . On 26 April 2006 Granger was featured extensively in the BBC Programme 'Modern Brunels ' regarding the Public Health benefits of more accessible information in the Health sector . Many spoke highly of Granger following their announcement that they intended to return to the private sector , whilst others were critical of their management of the project .
KPMG
After departing the NHS they joined KPMG as a partner in 2008 .
References
Living people
Accenture people
Alumni of the University of Bristol
British businesspeople
British management consultants
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Leslie Kong ( 20 December 1933 – 9 August 1971 ) was an influential Chinese-Jamaican reggae producer .
Career
Leslie and their two older brothers Cecil and Lloyd ran a restaurant , ice cream parlour and record shop called Beverley 's in Orange Street , Kingston . In 1961 , they encountered a young Jimmy Cliff outside of their shop singing a song they had written called `` Dearest Beverley , '' in the hopes that the mention of the establishment would convince Kong to record him . This encounter led Kong to launch their own record label , Beverley 's , and to record Cliff 's song , launching Cliff 's career in the process .
Cliff took on an A & R role for the label , and brought Bob Marley to Kong 's attention . In 1962 , Kong recorded Marley 's first single : `` One Cup of Coffee '' and `` Judge Not '' , and Jimmy Cliff 's first hit , `` Miss Jamaica '' . Kong , known in Jamaican music circles as `` the Chinaman '' , quickly established themselves as the island 's leading producer of local popular music . Throughout the 1960s Kong kept recording many leading Jamaican artists from ska to reggae through rocksteady including Joe Higgs , Desmond Dekker , Toots & the Maytals , Derrick Morgan , John Holt and Stranger Cole . A wise business person , Kong was one of the original shareholders in Island Records along with Chris Blackwell and Australian engineer Graeme Goodall . Starting in 1963 Kong began licensing ska recordings to Blackwell for release in the UK on Island 's Black Swan imprint . After Blackwell bought out Kong and Goodall 's share in Island , in 1967 Kong formed a second partnership with Graeme Goodall , who created the Pyramid label in the UK for the successful release of Kong 's rocksteady and early reggae productions . When Pyramid folded in 1969 , the licensing successes continued with Trojan Records .
Kong is known for being the first Jamaican producer to get international hits with long-time collaborator Desmond Dekker , in 1967 with `` 007 ( Shanty Town ) '' and , above all , in 1969 with `` Israelites '' which topped the UK Singles Chart in April 1969 and went to number nine on the US charts in July 1969 , selling over two million copies . During the early reggae period , they worked with Bob Marley and The Wailers ( The Best of the Wailers ) and enjoyed several successful hits with The Pioneers ' `` Long Shot Kick The Bucket '' , and The Melodians ' `` Rivers of Babylon '' and `` Sweet Sensation '' . Their works with The Maytals also led to many hits including `` 54-46 That 's My Number '' and the UK charting single `` Monkey Man '' . Matthew Sherman explains the relationship between The Maytals and Leslie Kong as , `` From '69 to '71 , Toots ( Toots Hibbert ) could do no wrong recording for Leslie Kong . With the consistent nucleus of musicians , the Beverley 's All-Stars ( Jackie Jackson , Gladstone Anderson , Winston Wright , Hux Brown , Rad Bryan , Paul Douglas and Winston Grennan ) and the Maytals ' brilliant harmonizing , Toots wrote and sang their unmistakable voice about every subject imaginable . ''
Other vocalists who recorded for them and the Beverley 's label include Ken Boothe , Bruce Ruffin , The Gaylads and Delroy Wilson . Ex-Skatalites saxophonist Roland Alphonso cut numerous instrumentals for Kong during the rocksteady period . When reggae arrived in late 1968 , lead instrumental duties were handled by organists Ansell Collins and Winston Wright .
Kong 's plans to release a compilation album of tracks from the singles they produced by the Wailers led to Bunny Wailer allegedly threatening Kong with a curse , telling them that if they issued the record they would die . Kong went ahead with the release in 1970 .
Kong makes a cameo appearance in the Jamaican film The Harder They Come , playing a recording engineer in a scene in which Jimmy Cliff 's character watches a studio recording session , by Toots and the Maytals , of the song `` Sweet and Dandy '' ( Kong was the actual producer of that recording ) .
Kong died of a heart attack , aged 37 , in August 1971 .
Discography
Various Artists – Original Reggae Hot Shots – 1969 – Beverley's/Trojan ( 1975 )
Various Artists – King Size Reggae – 1970 – Beverley 's
Various Artists – Golden Hits by the Greats – 1970 – Beverley 's
Various Artists – Reggae Chartbusters – 1970 – Beverley 's
Various Artists – King Size Reggae – 1970 – Trojan Records
Various Artists – Hot Shots of Reggae – 1970 – Trojan Records
Various Artists – Best of Beverley 's Records 1969–1970 – Trojan Records ( 1981 )
Various Artists – The Best of Beverley 's Records or Masterpieces From The Works of Leslie Kong – Island Records/Trojan ( 1981 )
Various Artists – The King Kong Compilation – Island Records ( 1981 )
Various Artists – Leslie Kong 's Connection Vol 01 – 1969–1971 – Jet Set Records
Various Artists – Leslie Kong 's Connection Vol 02 – 1969–1971 ' – Jet Set Records
References
1933 births
1971 deaths
Jamaican record producers
Jamaican people of Chinese descent
Trojan Records artists
WZTI ( 1290 AM ) is a radio station in Greenfield , Wisconsin serving Milwaukee that currently airs an oldies format . The station is owned by the Milwaukee Radio Alliance , a partnership between Times-Shamrock Communications and All-Pro Broadcasting , along with sister stations WLUM-FM and WLDB . Its studios are located in Menomonee Falls and the transmitter site is in Franklin .
For many years , the station aired various African-American-oriented talk and music formats .
History
The station launched in 1947 with the WMLO call sign . WMLO was an affiliate of the ABC Radio Network . It later became WMIL . A sister FM station , WMIL-FM , was added in 1961 . WMIL was affiliated with the CBS Radio Network from June 26 , 1961 until December 1963 .
The stations were owned from 1968 to 1988 by Malrite Broadcasting . As WMIL , they aired a country music format . The station called itself `` Big M Country . '' WMIL also simulcast the country format on 95.7 FM until that signal switched to beautiful music as `` WMVM , Stereo Radio 95.7 '' Milwaukee 's Voice of Music , around 1971 . Both stations switched to Top 40 as WZUU and WZUU-FM in 1972 . In 1981 , WZUU flipped to oldies first as `` Solid Gold 13Z '' , then with a move to make it more distinguished from WZUU-FM as WLZZ ( `` Solid Gold Wheels '' ) in late 1982 . WLZZ also ran a short lived country format and returned to simulcasting WZUU-FM and the WZUU calls after that . The station split away from the FM in January 1986 to run a syndicated urban gold format as WMVP , prior to the station 's sale to All-Pro Broadcasting in 1988 .
1290 was originally a daytime-only station licensed to Milwaukee until 1980 , when it was granted a power increase from 1,000 watts to 5,000 watts day and night and a city of license change to Greenfield , Wisconsin .
The station had been playing R & B oldies or urban adult contemporary music , with some local talk shows , since 1986 . The changeover to an all-talk format happened in 2004 . The station 's call letters were WMVP for many years ( `` MVP '' referred to owner Willie Davis ' pro football years with the Green Bay Packers ) . WLUP-AM in Chicago purchased the call letters from Davis for their sports format , and 1290 AM became WMCS in December 1993 . The WMCS call sign stood for `` Milwaukee 's Community Station '' , to emphasize the station 's heavy community involvement .
In December 2004 , WMCS began airing the syndicated ESPN Radio broadcast after sunset , in partnership with daytime-only sports station WAUK ( then at 1510 AM ) as `` Milwaukee 's ESPN Radio ... 1510 days , 1290 nights . '' The sports format later became home to play-by-play broadcasts for Marquette University men 's college basketball and the AHL 's Milwaukee Admirals via WAUK .
On January 22 , 2008 , Good Karma Broadcasting , owner of WAUK , purchased religious station WRRD ( 540 ) in Jackson , Wis. from Salem Communications , and moved WAUK 's sports talk format to the full-time signal on February 12 , casting doubt on the nighttime simulcast agreement with WMCS .
On June 30 , 2008 , WMCS began airing its own content , consisting of blues and gospel music programming , in addition to Al Sharpton 's daily talk show .
On February 26 , 2013 , WMCS began stunting with Elvis Presley songs in preparation of a format flip . At 3 p.m. on March 1 , the station debuted its new adult standards format as `` 1290 Martini Radio '' , with the new WZTI call sign . The format is similar to that of co-owned KZTI in Reno , Nevada , which launched in November 2012 .
On July 27 , 2014 , WZTI began to also air on the FM band on 100.3 FM , using translator station W262CJ , which broadcasts from the Shorewood tower farm on Milwaukee 's northwest side and mainly covers the inner north portion of the Milwaukee metro area . The translator uses the HD2 channel of sister FM station WLDB ( 93.3 ) rebroadcasting WZTI to translate the signal to analog FM .
On November 1 , 2014 , WZTI dropped the Adult Standards format and began stunting with Christmas music , billing themselves as `` 100.3 The Elf . '' On December 25 , 2014 , at 5 PM , after playing `` Rockin ' Around the Christmas Tree '' by LeAnn Rimes , the station flipped to rhythmic oldies , branded as `` The Party 100.3 FM & 1290 AM . '' The first song on `` The Party '' was `` 1999 '' by Prince .
On August 25 , 2015 , at Noon , after playing `` Miss You Much '' by Janet Jackson , `` It 's a Shame '' by The Spinners and `` The Party 's Over '' by Journey , WZTI shifted to oldies , branded as `` Milwaukee 's True Oldies 100.3 FM & 1290 AM . '' The first song on `` True Oldies '' was `` Old Time Rock and Roll '' by Bob Seger . The station is utilizing a local feed of Scott Shannon 's True Oldies Channel .
On March 7 , 2018 , WZTI rebranded as `` Fonz FM '' ( named after Happy Days character Arthur `` The Fonz '' Fonzarelli ) .
WAWA 1590
Prior to its purchase of WMCS in 1988 , All-Pro Broadcasting owned WAWA ( 1590 AM ) , a 1,000 watt daytime-only AM station licensed to West Allis , Wisconsin that had signed on in 1961 . WAWA aired a traditional R & B format that was popular with Milwaukee 's African-American community , and was a serious rival to WNOV during the 1960s , 1970s and 1980s . They also simulcast part-time with their FM sister station at 102.1 FM , and later carried the WLUM call letters , as did their sister station . When All-Pro purchased the stronger 1290 frequency in 1988 , they signed off WAWA 1590 for good and returned the station 's license to the FCC .
References
External links
WZTI website
Milwaukee radio : a retrospective
ZTI
Radio stations established in 1947
1947 establishments in Wisconsin
Oldies radio stations in the United States
Gunnison County is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 16,918 . The county seat is Gunnison . The county was named for John W. Gunnison , a United States Army officer and captain in the Army Topographical Engineers , who surveyed for the transcontinental railroad in 1853 .
History
Archeological studies have dated the Ute people 's appearance in the Uncompahgre region of Colorado as early as 1150 A.D . Possibilities exist that they are descendants of an earlier people living in the area as far back as 1500 B.C . They were a nomadic people moving about the Western Slope of Colorado in the various parts of the year . In the early to mid-1600s the Spaniards of New Mexico introduced the horse which changed their patterns of hunting taking them across the divide to the eastern slopes and into conflict with the Plains Indians which soon became their bitter enemies .
The first recorded expedition of Western Colorado wilderness was led by Don Juan Rivera in 1765 . In 1776 , two Spanish priests , Fathers Escalante and Domínguez , led a party into the area around Montrose and Paonia .
The 1830s brought the mountainmen into the area to trap beaver . An old cabin located on Cochetopa Creek discovered by Sidney Jocknick was most likely built between 1830 and 1840 and a crude fort was discovered on a tributary of Tomichi Creek bore signs of a conflict .
In 1853 , Capt . John W. Gunnison surveyed the area for the transcontinental railroad route .
In 1858 gold was discovered near Denver bringing the white man across the divide into the western slope in search of the precious metal . In 1859 a party settled on Texas Gulch in Union Park .
Placer gold was found at Washington Gulch in 1861 as part of the Colorado Gold Rush .
In 1861 the Territory of Colorado was organized . The territorial governor was made ex officio Superintentant of Indian Affairs . A conference on October 1 , 1863 , established a boundary line for a reservation . This treaty averted a possible dangerous situation by giving the Utes some cattle and sheep , a blacksmith and 20,000 dollars a year in goods and provisions . The government failed to fulfill any these obligations straining the relations further . The treaty of 1868 recognized Chief Ouray as the sole spokesperson for seven tribes of the Ute People . They held this power over their people through diplomacy and understanding .
The Los Pinos Agency was developed through the Treaties of 1868 and 1873 . The first agent was 2nd Lieutenant Calvin T. Speer . In 1871 a cow camp was started near the present site of Gunnison with James P. Kelley in charge . In this year , Jabez Nelson Trask , a Harvard grad , relieved Speer as agent upon orders from Governor Edward M. McCook . In 1872 Trask was replaced by Charles Adams .
In 1875 orders from Washington to move the agency to the Uncomphgre Valley were completed in November .
In 1876 Colorado entered the Union and Gunnison County was formed . 1879 was a year of expansion due to the miners , speculators and adventurers seeking wealth . The cattle industry was established by 1880 . The short growing season was not conducive to farming and the ranchers had to level fields and construct irrigation ditches to water the fields for hay .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water . It is the fifth-largest county by area in Colorado . The county seat is Gunnison , Colorado which is located in a wide valley at the confluence of Tomichi Creek and Gunnison River . The county rests in the Gunnison Basin formed by the Continental Divide to the east , Collegiate Peaks Wilderness rises in the northeast , Maroon Bells–Snowmass Wilderness and the White River National Forest to the north , the West Elk Wilderness rises in the west of the county with Delta and Montrose Counties on its western slopes . The Uncompahgre Wilderness rises in the southwest of the county and the Powderhorn Wilderness east of there and Saquache County being south of Gunnison county eastward over to Marshall Pass southeast of the county .
Taylor Park Reservoir is a human-made lake created by the Taylor Dam constructed in 1934 with appropriations of 2,725,000 dollars .
Adjacent counties
Pitkin County , Colorado — north
Chaffee County , Colorado — east
Saguache County , Colorado — southeast
Hinsdale County , Colorado — south
Ouray County , Colorado — southwest
Delta County , Colorado — west
Montrose County , Colorado — west
Mesa County , Colorado — northwest
Major highways
U.S. Highway 50
State Highway 92
State Highway 114
State Highway 133
State Highway 135
State Highway 149
Demographics
2000
As of the census of 2000 , there were 13,956 people , 5,649 households , and 2,965 families residing in the county . The population density was 4 people per square mile ( 2/km2 ) . There were 9,135 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 95.08 % White , 0.49 % Black or African American , 0.70 % Native American , 0.54 % Asian , 0.04 % Pacific Islander , 1.44 % from other races , and 1.72 % from two or more races . 5.02 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 5,649 households , out of which 24.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 44.20 % were married couples living together , 5.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 47.50 % were non-families . 27.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 4.60 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.84 .
In the county , the age demographic is distributed , with 17.90 % under the age of 18 , 21.10 % from 18 to 24 , 32.90 % from 25 to 44 , 21.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 6.90 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 30 years . For every 100 females there were 118.30 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 120.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,916 , and the median income for a family was $ 51,950 . Males had a median income of $ 30,885 versus $ 25,000 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 21,407 . About 6.00 % of families and 15.00 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 9.40 % of those under age 18 and 7.20 % of those age 65 or over .
2010
The total population for Gunnison County in the year 2010 was 15,324 . There were 8,306 males and 7,018 females . The median age was 35.7 years old . Of the races , 14,152 were white , 92.4 percent ; 1,255 were Hispanic or Latino ( of any race ) , 8.2 percent ; 510 claimed other race , 3.3 percent ; 208 were American Indian and Alaska Native , 1.4 percent ; 100 were Asian , 0.7 percent .
Total households were 6,516 , 100.0 percent ; Family households ( families ) 3,454 , 53.0 percent , ( `` Family households '' were based on a householder and one or more other people related to the householder by birth , marriage , or adoption . Same-sex married couples were not included . )
Occupied housing units consisted of 6,516 units , being 100.0 percent , with 3,900 or 59.9 percent being owner-occupied housing units ; 2,616 or 40.1 percent being renters .
There were estimated 9,155 employed persons and 459 unemployed . 4,601 people drove to work alone and 1,027 car-pooled ; 1,297 people walked to work and 1,052 took other means . Management , business , science , and arts occupations included 2,895 persons ; Service occupations included 1,828 persons ; Sales and office occupations included 2,192 persons ; Natural resources , construction , and maintenance occupations included 1,635 persons ; Production , transportation , and material moving occupations included 605 persons . 6,635 people were private wage and salary workers ; 1,865 people were government workers ; 655 people were self-employed and 49,356 dollars was the median household income and 67,333 dollars was the mean household income .
Recreation
State parks
Paonia State Park
National recreation areas
Curecanti National Recreation Area
National forests
Gunnison National Forest
White River National Forest
National wilderness areas
Collegiate Peaks Wilderness
Fossil Ridge Wilderness
Maroon Bells-Snowmass Wilderness
Powderhorn Wilderness
Raggeds Wilderness
Uncompahgre Wilderness
West Elk Wilderness
Trails
American Discovery Trail
Colorado Trail
Continental Divide National Scenic Trail
Old Spanish National Historic Trail
Bicycle routes
Great Parks Bicycle Route
Western Express Bicycle Route
Scenic byways
West Elk Loop Scenic Byway
Silver Thread Scenic Byway
Politics
For most of the 20th century , except 1964 , Gunnison County was a Republican stronghold . However , beginning in the late 1980s , it began trending more Democratic , as Bill Clinton won the county both times in 1992 and 1996 . The county gave a 43.2 % plurality to George W. Bush in the 2000 election , and has voted for the Democratic candidate in every election since .
Libraries
Communities
City
Gunnison
Towns
Crested Butte
Marble
Mount Crested Butte
Pitkin
Unincorporated communities
Almont
Doyleville
Ohio City
Parlin
Powderhorn
Sapinero
Somerset
Tincup
Ghost towns
Aberdeen
Baldwin
Crystal
Iola
Pittsburg
Vulcan
In popular culture
In 2007 , the science fiction horror film Aliens vs . Predator : Requiem was set in and around the town of Gunnison .
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
National Register of Historic Places listings in Gunnison County , Colorado
References
Bibliography
External links
Gunnison County official website
Gunnison-Crested Butte Tourism Association
`` Colorado County Evolution '' , by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1877 establishments in Colorado
Populated places established in 1877
Peggy Weil is an American artist working in digital media .
Early life and education
They graduated from Harvard University in 1976 , and received a master 's degree from Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in 1982 .
At MIT they were a part of the Architecture Machine Group , from 1980–1982 , where they worked under Nicholas Negroponte . Currently they are adjunct faculty at USC School of Cinematic Arts .
Work
In 1990 , they produced A Silly Noisy House , an award-winning CD-ROM with multimedia pioneer The Voyager Company . Them multimedia works continued with Ravensburger Interactive , where their Moving Puzzle CD-ROMs won the 1998 Milia D'Or in Cannes . They created MrMind , a web-based bot who asks , `` Can you convince me that you are human ? '' MrMind has been administering The Blurring Test , a Reverse Turing test , since 1998 .
In 2007 they co-authored , with Nonny de la Peña , the work Gone Gitmo , a virtual exploration of the Guantanamo Bay prison within Second Life . Along with de la Peña , Weil is widely credited with helping create the genre of immersive journalism . Gone Gitmo was shown in the exhibition , Feedforward , The Angel of History at LABoral ( LABoral Centro de Arte y Creación Industrial ) in Gijon , Spain , curated by Steve Dietz and Christiane Paul ( curator ) .
In 2011 Weil founded HeadsUP ! a global data visualization competition . HeadsUP ! 2012 used datasets from NASA/JPL 's GRACE Satellite ( Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment ) and USGS decadal aquifer data to display changes in global groundwater . Richard 's Vijgen 's winning animation was displayed across 19,000 square feet of digital signboard in Times Square across the Thomson Reuters and NASDAQ signs .
In 2016 Weil , along with Refik Anadol , was commissioned by the City of Los Angeles for the Bloomberg sponsored citywide art biennale , CURRENT : LA Water to create UnderLA , a large scale public projection of the LA Aquifer from The First Street Bridge and Origin of LA River sites .
The Climate Museum 's inaugural exhibition in 2018 , In Human Time , featured Weil 's work , 88 Cores - a 2-mile descent through the Greenland Ice Sheet going back 110,000 years .
References
External links
Official site
UnderLA for City of Los Angeles Biennale : CURRENT : LA Water
Climate Museum : In Human Time
Living people
21st-century American women artists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American digital artists
Women digital artists
Harvard University alumni
MIT School of Architecture and Planning alumni
University of Southern California faculty
American women academics
Axonya is a genus of ground beetle in the subfamily Broscinae . The genus was described by Herbert Edward Andrewes in 1923 with species being found across Southern Asia and containing the following species :
Axonya championi Andrewes , 1923
Axonya farsica Dostal and Zettel , 1999
Axonya similis Dostal and Zettel , 1999
References
Broscinae
Insects of Asia
Carabidae genera
Fine art nude photography is a genre of fine-art photography which depicts the nude human body with an emphasis on form , composition , emotional content , and other aesthetic qualities . The nude has been a prominent subject of photography since its invention , and played an important role in establishing photography as a fine art medium . The distinction between fine art photography and other subgenres is not absolute , but there are certain defining characteristics .
Erotic interest , although often present , is secondary , which distinguishes art photography from both glamour photography , which focuses on showing the subject of the photograph in the most attractive way , and pornographic photography , which has the primary purpose of sexually arousing the viewer . Fine art photographs are also not taken to serve any journalistic , scientific , or other practical purpose . The distinction between This is not always clear , and photographers , as with other artists , tend to make their own case in characterizing their work , though the viewer may have a different assessment .
The nude remains a controversial subject in all media , but more so with photography due to its inherent realism . The male nude has been less common than the female , and more rarely exhibited or published . The use of children as subjects in nude photography is especially controversial .
History
19th century
Those early photographers in Western cultures who sought to establish photography as a fine art medium , frequently chose women as the subjects for their nude photographs , in poses that accorded with traditional nudes in other media . Before nude photography , art nudes usually used allusions to classical antiquity ; gods and warriors , goddesses and nymphs . Depictions of male and female nudes in traditional art mediums had been mostly limited to portrayals as an ideal warrior or athlete ( for men ) or that emphasized divinity and reproduction ( for women ) , and early photographic art first engaged these archetypes as well . Poses , lighting , soft focus , vignetting and hand retouching were employed to create photographic images that rose to the level of art comparable to the other arts at that time . The main limitation was that early photographs were monochrome . Although 19th century artists in other media often used photographs as substitutes for live models , the best of these photographs were also intended as works of art in their own right .
Nude photography was more controversial than painted nude works , and in order to avoid censorship some early nude photographs were described as `` studies for artists '' , while others were used as references by artists to do drawings and paintings as a supplement to live models . Eugène Delacroix was an early adopter of the practice of using photographs taken specifically for them by their friend , Eugène Durieu . Edgar Degas made their own photographs that they used for painting references . Thomas Eakins used photography for studies of several of their paintings The Swimming Hole as an example .
Modern
As fine art photography first embraced and then moved past classical allegorical imagery , both male and female photographers began to use the male nude as another medium to examine issues of representation and identity , sexuality and voyeurism .
Photographing nudes ( and particularly male nudes ) became a way for women artists to engage the subject of “ the nude ” from the position of power traditionally reserved for male artists ; alternatively , nude self-portraiture allowed men to begin to re-evaluate accepted definitions of sensuality and masculinity by photographing themselves .
Alfred Stieglitz
Alfred Stieglitz is a major figure in bringing modern art to America by exhibiting the new genre of art in their New York galleries at the beginning of the 20th century . They are known to the public perhaps more for their relationship with Georgia O'Keeffe , whose nude photos they exhibited in 1921 while married to someone else . `` Stieglitz used the camera as a kind of mirror . 'My photographs , ' they wrote in 1925 , 'are ever born of an inner need -- an Experience of Spirit . I do not make pictures . . . I have a vision of life and I try to find equivalents for it sometimes in the form of photographs . ' Often they would write of true seeing and of inness . As O'Keeffe noted rightly , the man they knew so well was 'always photographing himself . ' ''
Imogen Cunningham
Imogen Cunningham began taking photographs in Seattle in 1905 , in the soft-focused pictorialist style popular at that time ; but they are best known for the sharp-focused modern style they developed later . They are also attributed as the first woman photographer to take a nude photo of a man ( her husband , Roi Partridge ) . In the work of Judy Dater , one particular photo , Imogen and Twinka , became one of the most recognizable images caught by an American photographer . It features a 91 year old Imogen Cunningham and a nude Twinka Thiebaud . The photo was the first adult full frontal nude photograph published in Life magazine , in 1976 .
Man Ray
After World War I , avant-garde photographers became more experimental in their portrayal of nudity , using reflective distortions and printing techniques to create abstractions or depicting real life rather than classical allusions .
Beginning in the late 1920s Man Ray experimented with the Sabattier , or solarization process , a technique that won them critical esteem , especially from the Surrealists . Many of the central figures of Surrealism—Breton , Magritte , Dalí—followed their example in using photography in addition to other media . Other photographers , such as Maurice Tabard and Raoul Ubac , were directly inspired by Man Ray 's techniques , while photographers such as André Kertész and Brassaï were indirectly influenced by their innovative approach to the medium .
Edward Weston
Edward Weston evolved a particularly American aesthetic , using a large format camera to capture images of nature and landscapes as well as nudes , establishing photography as a fine arts medium . In 1937 Weston became the first photographer to be awarded a John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Fellowship . For a famous example of Weston 's work see : Charis Wilson .
Bill Brandt
Bill Brandt is best known for a series of nudes developed primarily between 1945 and 1961 , that are both personal and universal , sensual and strange , collectively exemplifying the “ sense of wonder ” that is paramount in their photographs . Brandt 's work is unpredictable not only in the range of their subjects but also in their printing style , which varied widely throughout their career . This exhibition is the first to emphasize the beauty of Brandt 's finest prints , and to trace the arc of their evolution .
Diane Arbus
Many fine art photographers have a variety of subjects in their work , the nude being one . Diane Arbus was attracted to unusual people in unusual settings , including a nudist camp . Lee Friedlander had more conventional subjects , one being Madonna as a young model .
Contemporary
The distinction between fine art and glamour is often one of marketing , with fine art being sold through galleries or dealers in limited editions signed by the artist , and glamour photos being distributed through mass media .
For some , the difference is in the gaze of the model , with glamour models looking into the camera , while art models do not .
Glamour and fashion photographers have aspired to fine art status in some of their work . One of the first was Irving Penn , who progressed from Vogue magazine to photographing fashion models such as Kate Moss nude . Richard Avedon , Helmut Newton and Annie Leibovitz have followed a similar path with portraits of the famous , many of them nude . or partially clothed . In the post-modern era , where fame is often the subject of fine art , Avedon 's photo of Nastassja Kinski with a python , and Leibovitz 's magazine covers of Demi Moore pregnant and in body paint , have become iconic . The work of Joyce Tenneson has gone the other way , from fine art with a unique , soft-focus style showing woman at all stages of life to portraiture of famous people and fashion photography .
Although nude photographers have largely worked within established forms that show bodies as sculptural abstractions , some , such as Robert Mapplethorpe , have created works that deliberately blur the boundaries between erotica and art .
Several photographers have become controversial because of their nude photographs of underage subjects . David Hamilton often used erotic themes , but Jock Sturges celebrates the beauty of people in naturist settings without emphasis on sexuality . Sally Mann was raised in rural Virginia , in a locale where skinny-dipping in a river was common , so many of their most famous photographs are of their own children swimming in the nude . Less well-known photographers have been charged as criminals ( but not convicted ) for photos of their own children .
Body image has become a topic explored by many photographers working with models whose bodies do not conform to conventional prejudices about beauty .
Issues
Public perception
At the beginning of the 21st century , it has become difficult to make an artistic statement in nude photography , given the proliferation of non-artistic and pornographic images which taints the subject in the perception of most viewers , limiting the opportunities to exhibit or publish the images . When they appear in mainstream consumer magazines such as Popular Photography , PC Photo , and Shutterbug ; the editors receive sufficient negative response that they tend to reject the work of serious nude-image photographers .
Children as subjects
Several photographers have become controversial because of their nude photographs of underage subjects . David Hamilton often used erotic themes in books such as The Age of Innocence , which have caused controversy in both the US and the UK . Jock Sturges celebrates the beauty of people in naturist settings and states that their work is not exploitative ; however in 1990 the FBI raided their studio and made charges that were later dismissed . However , due to the local nature of US laws on the issue , books of both Hamilton 's and Sturges ' photos have been ruled obscene in the states of Alabama , South Carolina , and Colorado .
Sally Mann was raised in rural Virginia , in a locale where skinny-dipping in a river was common , so some of their most famous photographs are of their own children swimming or playing in the nude . Less well-known photographers have been charged as criminals ( but not convicted ) for photos of their own children . Some writers characterize many of these images as sexualizing children regardless of artistic merit .
In May 2008 , police in Sydney , Australia , raided an exhibition by the photographer Bill Henson featuring images of naked children on allegations of child pornography . In June 2008 , it was reported in The Age that police would have no basis to prosecute Henson over their photographs of naked teenagers , after they were declared `` mild and justified '' and given a PG rating by the Australian Classification Board , suggesting viewing by children under the age of 16 is suitable with parental guidance .
Also in 2008 , Art Monthly Australia published a nude image of the 6-year-old Olympia Nelson taken by their mother , Polixeni Papapetrou . According to the then-11-year-old Olympia , they did not believe the photograph amounted to abuse and was upset with Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's remark that they hated it . Olympia 's father , Professor Robert Nelson , defended the image , saying : `` It has nothing to do with pedophilia . The connection between artistic pictures and pedophilia can not be made and there is no evidence for it . ''
Body image
Body image has become a topic explored by many photographers working with models who do not conform to conventional ideas about beauty . Leonard Nimoy , after many years photographing conventionally beautiful professional models , realized that they were not capturing individual personalities , so they created a series with women interested in `` Fat Liberation '' . Sally Mann 's more recent nudes have been of their husband , whose body shows the effects of muscular dystrophy .
Erotic art
Many contemporary artists push the boundaries by having work with both aesthetic qualities and explicit sexuality . Late in their life Robert Mapplethorpe created work that was controversial in part by being on display in Washington , DC in a gallery receiving public funds . When a Mapplethorpe retrospective opened at the Cincinnati Contemporary Arts Center in 1990 , Dennis Barrie became the first American museum director to be criminally prosecuted for the contents of an exhibition . Although explicit photos were placed in a separate room with a content warning , Barrie was charged with `` pandering obscenity '' and showing minors in a state of nudity , but a jury acquitted Barrie and the Arts Center of all charges .
See also
Depictions of nudity
References
Further reading
General
Bertolotti , Alessandro , Books of nudes , Abrams , 2007 .
Female
Male
Visual arts genres
Nude art
Budaguru Ramakrishnaiah Panthulu ( 26 July 1910 – 8 October 1974 ) was an Indian film director , producer and actor . They are best known for directing films in Kannada , Tamil , Telugu and Hindi . Their most popular films are Karnan , Veerapandiya Kattabomman , Sri Krishnadevaraya , School Master and Kittur Channamma , B. R. Panthulu , is a successful actor and converted Ma . Po . Si . 's biographic works Veerapandiya Kattabomman ( a movie about a local chieftain who fought with the British in the 18th century in Tamil Nadu ) and Kappalottiya Thamizhan ( a movie about a lawyer who rebelled against the British rule that forbade Tamils operating shipping companies ) to celluloid .
Early life
Panthulu was born on 26 July 1910 in the village of Rallabudaguru of Arcot district in the erstwhile Madras state ( in present-day Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh ) . They began their career as a teacher . Influenced by professional theatre during the time , they joined the troupe Chandrakala Nataka Mandali . They acted in plays Samsara Nouka , Sadarame and Guleba Kavali . They also worked for some time with Gubbi Veeranna 's troupe and acted in Sri Krishna Garudi among others . Panthulu then formed their own Kannada professional theatre troupe , the Kalaseva Nataka Mandali , staging plays of their own choice .
Career
They made their debut as an actor in the 1936 Kannada film Samsara Nauka , an adaptation of the play they acted in . It was produced by Devi Films , based in Chennai . Directed by H. L. N. Simha , the film starred Panthulu , M. V. Rajamma , Dikki Madhava Rao , S. K. Padmadevi and M. S. Madhava Rao . The hero marries against their grandfather 's wishes and is cast out . Their troubles do not end there – they find no favour with their in-laws , loses their job , and finds themselves accused of murdering the bride their grandfather had chosen for him . The film was adapted from a play by the Chadrakala Natak Mandali , and remained true to the original 's reformist ideal .
In 1950 , they made the Tamil film Macharekhai , partnering with filmmaker P. Pullaiah under a stage company that later came to be known as Sukumar Productions with musician T. R. Mahalingam as their partner . With writer P. Neelakantan , they started the company Padmini Pictures , and produced the Tamil film Kalyanam Panniyum Brahmachari in 1954 . Under the banner , they would go on to produce the Kannada films School Master ( 1958 ) , Kittur Chennamma ( 1961 ) and Sri Krishnadevaraya ( 1970 ) , that went on to become landmark films . Their portrayal of Timmarusu , the Prime minister of the Vijayanagara King Krishnadevaraya , won them the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actor .
As director , Panthulu their debut as a director with the Kannada film Rathnagiri Rahasya , a major commercial success during the time . They have produced and directed 57 films in all South Indian languages under the banner of Padmini Pictures .
Filmography
Awards
International Film Awards for their film `` Veerapandia Kattapomman ''
National Film Awards
1958 : All India Certificate of Merit for Third Best Feature film – School Master
1959 : Certificate of Merit for Best Feature Film in Tamil – Veerapandiya Kattabomman
1961 : Certificate of Merit for Best Feature Film in Kannada – Kittur Chennamma
1961 : President 's silver medal for Best Feature Film in Tamil – Kappalottiya Thamizhan
Karnataka State Film Awards
1969-70 : Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actor - Sri Krishnadevaraya
Filmfare Awards South
1970 : Filmfare Award for Best Film – Kannada - Sri Krishnadevaraya
Book on B.R.Pantulu
A. N. Prahlada Rao has written a Book ' '' Danivillada Dhani '' on B.R.Panthulu in Kannada , consisting of the details of their childhood , theatre , films produced in Kannada , Tamil , Telugu , Hindi and Malayalam . The book was published by Karnataka Chalanachitra Academy . The book was released in November 2016 by Dr. Bharati Vishnuvardhan . Journalist and short story writer Jogi spoke on Book . S.V . Rajendra Singh Baabu presided .
References
Kannada film producers
Telugu film directors
Kannada film directors
Male actors in Kannada cinema
Male actors in Tamil cinema
Tamil film directors
1910 births
1974 deaths
20th-century Indian film directors
People from Kolar
Film producers from Karnataka
Tamil film producers
Hindi film producers
Hindi-language film directors
20th-century Indian businesspeople
Film directors from Karnataka
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Male actors in Telugu cinema
The 1964 Tripoli Fair Tournament was the 3rd edition of football at the Tripoli International Fair , and was held from 8 to 17 March 1964 in Tripoli , Libya . Five teams participated : Lebanon , Libya , Morocco B , Sudan B , and Malta B. Lebanon won the tournament .
Matches
References
Tripoli International Fair
1964
1964 Tripoli International Fair
U.S. Route 45 ( US 45 ) enters Kentucky at Fulton in Fulton County and travels northeast through Hickman County , Graves County , and McCracken County . After passing through Mayfield in Graves County it heads directly north into Paducah as a four-lane highway . In Paducah , US 45 serves as a major artery , intersecting with Interstate 24 at Exit 7 , and intersecting US 60 and 62 . U.S. 45 leaves Kentucky from Paducah 's northern border across the two-lane , metal-grate Brookport Bridge to Brookport , Illinois across the Ohio River .
Route description
US 45 enters Kentucky at Fulton in Fulton County where it travels around the west side and then north side of town before entering Hickman County . It travels just to the south and east of the Purchase Parkway as it passes briefly through Hickman County and into Graves County . In Graves County US 45 travels northeast and passes through the communities of Water Valley and Wingo . Roughly northeast of Wingo , US 45 passes through Mayfield where it forms an intersection with US 45 Bypass before passing through the heart of town . Just north of town , US 45 intersects US 45 Bypass and Purchase Parkway and becomes a four-lane divided highway as it turns toward the north . US 45 continues northward through rural sections of Graves County and into McCracken County . The previous routing between these two points is now designated Kentucky Route 1241 . In McCracken County , US 45 passes through Lone Oak and then passes under I-24 as it enters Paducah . In Paducah , US 45 forms intersections with US 60 , US 62 , US 60 Business , I-24 Business , and US 45 Business as it passes through the western part of town . US 45 crosses the Ohio River via the Brookport Bridge into Illinois from the Tennessee state line .
History
US 45 was signed in Kentucky by 1928 , although it was not yet paved . The entire route in Kentucky was paved by 1939 .
Major intersections
Special routes
Mayfield bypass
US 45 Bypass in Mayfield begins at a junction with US 45 on the southwest side of Mayfield and forms a concurrency with Interstate 69 at Exit 21 north of US 45 . It carries this concurrency for and ends at a junction with US 45 at Exit 25 of the parkway north of Mayfield . Since the former Purchase Parkway has been re-designated I-69 , US 45 Bypass signs have been removed from the I-69 concurrency , and the north interchange with US 45 .
Paducah business route
US 45 Business in Paducah begins at an intersection with US 45 in downtown Paducah and travels northeast through town . As it nears the Ohio River , it turns to the northwest and ends at a junction with US 45 south of the Brookport Bridge over the Ohio River from its origin .
References
Kentucky
45
Transportation in Fulton County , Kentucky
Transportation in Hickman County , Kentucky
Transportation in Graves County , Kentucky
Transportation in McCracken County , Kentucky
William Patrick Watkins ( born September 2 , 1972 ) is a former Major League Baseball player who played outfield for the Cincinnati Reds and Colorado Rockies .
Early life
Watkins had planned on playing football at Duke after graduating from Garner Magnet High School , and had even talked to their coach , Steve Spurrier , about playing under him . However , when Spurrier left to coach at the University of Florida and the coach who replaced them was not interested , Watkins had to change their plan . They went to East Carolina University to play baseball after their high school coach recommended them to the baseball coach there . At East Carolina , Watkins was an All-American and was drafted by the Cincinnati Reds in the 1st round ( 32nd pick ) of the 1993 Major League Baseball Draft .
Major league career
Watkins made their major league debut on September 9 , against the Chicago Cubs . Watkins played parts of two more seasons in the majors , with the Reds and with the Rockies .
See also
1993 College Baseball All-America Team
External links
Pat Watkins : Keeping Life in Perspective
1972 births
Living people
Cincinnati Reds players
Colorado Rockies players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Baseball players from North Carolina
East Carolina Pirates baseball players
Billings Mustangs players
Winston-Salem Spirits players
Winston-Salem Warthogs players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Indianapolis Indians players
Carolina Mudcats players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Omaha Golden Spikes players
Garner Magnet High School alumni
People from Garner , North Carolina
Artémise was a 32-gun frigate of the French Navy .
They were under construction in Toulon when the Coalition seized the city in August 1793 . They evacuated the city in December 1793 , leaving them behind . The French named their Aurore on 24 July 1794 , but then renamed their Artémise when they launched them on 25 September .
At the action of 24 June 1795 , along with the 40-gun , they took part in an action against and , escaping while Minerve was captured . Them captain was relieved of their command for leaving Minerve .
In 1798 , they took part in the Expedition of Egypt . During the Battle of the Nile on 2 August 1798 and engaged her ; outgunned , their crew set fire to them to prevent the British from capturing them
Citations
References
Magicienne-class frigates
Ships built in France
1794 ships
Frigates of the French Navy
Maritime incidents in 1798
Ship fires
Scuttled vessels
Shipwrecks of Egypt
Shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea
The Pilot 1000 and Pilot 5000 were the first generations of PDAs produced by Palm Computing ( then a subsidiary of U.S. Robotics ) . It was introduced in March 1996 .
The Pilot uses a Motorola 68328 processor at 16 MHz , and had 128 kB ( Pilot 1000 ) or 512 kB ( Pilot 5000 ) built in Random-access memory .
The PDA has a plastic case ( various colors ) . Its dimensions are 120x80x18 mm and weight is 160 grams . The Pilot has a 160x160 pixel monochrome LCD tactile panel , with a `` Graffiti input zone '' presented in the bottom third of the screen . Underneath the screen sits a green on/off button , four applications buttons ( Date Book , Address Book , To-Do List , and Memo Pad ) and two scroll buttons . At left , contrast control . At right top , stylus slot . On the back of the device there is a Memory Slot door , Reset button , battery compartment ( held two AAA batteries ) and Serial Port ( for use with the PalmPilot Cradle ) .
Memory is kept in a `` memory slot '' under a plastic cover at the back top of the PDA . A 512 kB ROM chip stores the Palm OS 1.0 and resident applications . RAM is available in 128 kB , 512 kB or 1 MB ; with a PalmPilot Professional memory card , up to 2 MB of RAM . Hardware limit is 12 MB of RAM and 4 MB of ROM .
After a calibration test presented during the initial power up , the Pilot would boot and be ready for use and synchronization . Connecting and synchronizing the PDA was initially done through a utility called Pilot Desktop . For the PC , Pilot Desktop was distributed either on 3½ inch disk or on CD-ROM ( according to an original floppy disk set , v1.0 was for Windows 95 and included a tutorial disk and two win32s disks for Windows 3.1 ; v2.0 was for Windows 95 and Windows NT ) . A version of Pilot Desktop ( renamed to Palm Desktop ) now exists for use with the Mac platform and open source support exists for use on Linux distributions ( one of the preferred development platforms for Palm OS ) , as well .
Lawsuits
Palm , Inc. was sued by the Pilot pen company for using the name `` Pilot '' . Palm was later involved in a legal battle where Xerox filed suit for David Goldberg 's `` Unistroke '' patent .
See also
Palm ( PDA )
References
3Com Palm Pilot Hardware Book ( PDF )
3Com Mac Desktop Handbook ( PDF )
External links
Palm Pilot 1000 Retrospective ( from 2006 )
Memory Modules
Pilot Desktop 1.0
Palm OS devices
Computer-related introductions in 1996
Products introduced in 1996
68k-based mobile devices
Quincas may refer to :
Quincas Borba , a novel written in 1891 by the Brazilian writer Machado de Assis
Joaquim Albino ( 1931 ) , generally known as Quincas , Brazilian footballer ( Canto do Rio , Fluminense , Palmeiras )
Count of Alcoutim ( in Portuguese Conde de Alcoutim ) was a Portuguese title of nobility , subsidiary to the one of Marquis of Vila Real , created by a royal decree , dated from November 15 , 1496 , by King John II of Portugal , and granted to Dom Fernando de Menezes , also known as Ferdinand II of Menezes , 2nd Marquis of Vila Real , 4th Count of Vila Real and 2nd Count of Valença .
Ferdinand of Menezes had married Dona Maria Freire de Andrade , Lady of Alcoutim , and through their wife they inherited these estates .
List of the Counts of Alcoutim
Fernando de Menezes , 2nd Marquis of Vila Real ( 1463- ? ) , also known as Ferdinand II of Menezes , 4th Count of Vila Real
Pedro de Menezes , 3rd Marquis of Vila Real ( 1486- ? ) , also known as Peter III of Meneses , 5th Count of Vila Real
Miguel de Menezes , 4th Marquis of Vila Real ( 1520- ? ) , also known as Michael I of Menezes , 6th Count of Vila Real
Manuel de Meneses , 5th Marquis of Vila Real ( 1530- ? ) , also known as Manuel of Menezes , 1st Duke of Vila Real and 7th Count of Vila Real ;
Miguel Luís , 6th Marquis of Vila Real ( 1565-1637 ) , also known as Michael II of Menezes , 1st Duke of Caminha and 8th Count of Vila Real ;
Luis de Noronha e Meneses , 7th Marquis of Vila Real ( 1570- ? ) , also known as Louis of Menezes , 9th Count of Vila Real
The Spanish Counts of Alcoutim
When the 7th Marquis of Vila Real , 6th Count of Alcoutim , along with their son the Duke of Caminha , was executed in Portugal for high treason in 1641 , their daughter , Beatrice of Menezes , married to the Spanish Count of Medellin , remained in Spain .
To reward their fidelity towards the Spanish Habsburgs , King Philip IV of Spain gave her , the 23 March 1660 , the title of Countess of Alcoutim as a Spanish title with , included today among the titles of the House of Medinaceli .
Beatrice of Menezes never returned to their homeland and this title was never recognized in Portugal
Counts of Alcoutim ( 1660- )
Beatriz de Meneses , 1st Countess of Alcoutim ( 1614-1668 )
Pedro Damián Portocarrero , 9th Count of Medellín and 2nd Count of Alcoutim ( 1640-1704 ) , the eldest son of the 1st Countess .
Luisa Feliciana Portocarrero , 10th Countess of Medellín and 3rd Countess of Alcoutim ( 1641-1705 ) , elder surviving daughter of the 1st Countess .
Guillén Ramón de Moncada , 6th Marquis of Aitona and 4th Count of Alcoutim ( 1671-1727 ) , the eldest son of the 3rd Countess .
María Teresa de Moncada , 7th Marquise of Aitona and 5th Countess of Alcoutim ( 1707-1756 ) , the eldest daughter of the 4th Count .
Pedro de Alcántara Fernández de Córdoba , 12th Duke of Medinaceli and 6th Count of Alcoutim ( 1730-1789 ) , the eldest son of the 5th Countess .
Luis Fernández de Córdoba , 13th Duke of Medinaceli and 7th Count of Alcoutim ( 1749-1806 ) , the eldest son of the 6th Count .
Luis Fernández de Córdoba , 14th Duke of Medinaceli and 8th Count of Alcoutim ( 1780-1840 ) , the eldest son of the 7th Count .
Luis Fernández de Córdoba , 15th Duke of Medinaceli and 9th Count of Alcoutim ( 1813-1873 ) , elder son of the 8th Count .
Luis Fernández de Córdoba , 16th Duke of Medinaceli and 10th Count of Alcoutim ( 1851-1879 ) , elder son of the 9th Count .
Luis Fernández de Córdoba , 17th Duke of Medinaceli and 11th Count of Alcoutim ( 1880-1956 ) , elder son of the 10th Count .
Victoria Eugenia Fernández de Córdoba , 18th Duchess of Medinaceli and 12th Countess of Alcoutim ( 1917-2013 ) , the eldest daughter of the 11th Count .
Ana Luisa de Medina , Marquise of Navahermosa ( 1940-2012 ) .
Princess Victoria of Hohenlohe-Langenburg , 20th Duchess of Medinaceli , Current Countess of Alcoutim ( b.1997 )
See also
Duke of Vila Real
Duke of Caminha
Marquis of Vila Real
Count of Vila Real
Count of Valença
List of Portuguese Dukedoms
List of Marquesses in Portugal
List of Countships in Portugal
External links
Genealogy of the Counts of Alcoutim , in Portuguese
Bibliography
” Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil '' – Vol . II , page 220 . Published by Zairol Lda. , Lisbon 1989 .
References
Countships of Portugal
1496 establishments in Portugal
South Australian Railways K class may refer to :
South Australian Railways K class ( broad gauge )
South Australian Railways K class ( narrow gauge ) , a very similar but smaller , lighter variant
Jonny Vang is a Norwegian film from 2003 . It was directed by Jens Lien after a script by Ståle Stein Berg . The music was composed by the band Calexico . The plot is a drama-comedy from the Norwegian countryside , where the protagonist Jonny Vang is frustrated in their efforts to prosper as a breeder of earthworms . The film was reasonably well received by critics , and was awarded an Amanda Award for `` Best Actor '' in 2003 .
Plot
Jonny Vang ( Aksel Hennie ) lives on the Norwegian countryside , where they are trying to establish a business breeding earthworms . Their ambitions to expand are thwarted by the bank manager ( Trond Brænne ) , who will not lend them the necessary money . They live with their mother Brita ( Marit Andreassen ) and their difficult friend Odvar ( Bjørn Sundquist ) . On top of all of this , they are also carrying out an affair with Tuva ( Laila Goody ) the wife of their best friend Magnus ( Fridtjov Såheim ) . Things get even worse when an unknown assailant knocks them over the head with a shovel .
Cast
Jonny Vang - Aksel Hennie
Tuva - Laila Goody
Magnus - Fridtjov Såheim
Brita - Marit Andreassen
Odvar - Bjørn Sundquist
Police Officer - Nils Vogt
Gunnar - Anders Ødegård
Helene - Silje Salomonsen
Bank manager - Trond Brænne
Production
Jonny Vang was director Jens Lien 's debut as a feature film director . Lien had previously established themselves as a director of television advertisements . They had also been represented twice at the Cannes International Film Festival , with short films . They described the film as `` a drama comedy , a juicy story , life , lust and rock 'n ' roll . It 's a dead serious comedy '' .
Lien originally considered Hennie too young for the role , but the actor was persistent , and finally persuaded the director that they were the right man for the part . The movie , where the story takes place in Gudbrandsdalen , was filmed in the town of Fåvang .
To get Calexico 's permission to use their music in the film , Lien had to travel to the U.S. in person . They brought with them an unfinished version of the film , but the only place where they could play the VHS tape was at a nearby rental store , where 30 customers joined the band and the director , who had to simultaneously translate the plot . The music is a mix of traditional American and Mexican music , and is gathered from the band 's albums Spoke ( 1997 ) , The Black Light ( 1998 ) and Hot Rail ( 2000 ) .
Reception
Jonny Vang was reasonably well received by the Norwegian press . The newspaper Dagbladet gave the film four out of six points , and commended it for good scenes , yet found it somewhat predictable . The reviewer mentioned Calexico 's soundtrack as one of the best parts of the movie . Aftenposten '' 's Per Haddal awarded five out of six points , and believed the movie was a well functional comedy . Also Haddal commended the choice of music .
International reviewers were less enthusiastic . Variety complimented the actors ' performances , but found that the movie did not `` have a great deal of drive or momentum '' . The reviewer at the Swedish website `` DVD forum '' jokingly said that they laughed often , so they hoped it was a comedy . Generally content with the movie , they found Hennie 's performance somewhat `` theatrical '' .
Aksel Hennie was awarded an Amanda Award for `` Best Actor '' for their effort in the film in 2003 . The movie was also nominated in the category `` Best Film '' , but lost out to Bent Hamer 's Salmer fra kjøkkenet '' . Hennie also won the `` Best Actor '' award at the Brussels European Film Festival .
References
External links
2003 films
2003 comedy-drama films
Norwegian comedy-drama films
2000s Norwegian-language films
The stripe-breasted woodpecker ( Dendrocopos atratus ) is a species of bird in the woodpecker family , Picidae . It is found in Southeast Asia within subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
Taxonomy and systematics
The species was first described in 1849 by the English zoologist Edward Blyth , who was curator of the museum of the Royal Asiatic Society of Bengal . They named it Dryobates atratus , but it was later transferred to the genus Dendrocopos . It forms a species-pair with the fulvous-breasted woodpecker ( Dendrocopos macei ) . Birds in Vietnam are sometimes considered to be a separate race , vietnamensis , but the evidence for this is unconvincing .
Description
Adult length is between . The upper parts are black heavily barred with white , with the mantle being unbarred . The upper tail is black with some white markings on the outer feathers . The crown and nape are red in the male and black in the female . The face is whitish with a black moustache which unites with a stripe on the edge of the breast . The throat , breast and belly are greyish-yellow or greyish-buff , boldly streaked with black . The under tail coverts are red . The iris is chestnut and the beak is grey , long and sharply pointed . The legs and feet are bluish-grey . The juvenile has greyer underparts , the under-tail coverts are pink or orange , and the crown is a duller red in young males .
Distribution and habitat
The stripe-breasted woodpecker is native to southeastern Asia . Its range extends from northeastern India to Vietnam and the province of Yunnan in southwestern China . It is a fairly uncommon species , but the population appears to be stable , and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
The stripe-breasted woodpecker is mainly found in montane evergreen forest , particularly pine and oak forest , but also the edges of deciduous forests , as well as more open areas with scattered trees . Its altitudinal range is from about but it mostly occurs above .
Behaviour and ecology
The stripe-breasted woodpecker feeds in the mid to upper parts of the canopy on insects , particularly ants and beetle larvae , often foraging in pairs or small family groups . Breeding takes place from February onwards in many parts of the range , but from March to May in India and from April to May in Myanmar . The nest is excavated in a rotten stump or tree well above the ground . The clutch size is typically four or five , and on one occasion , two birds , an adult male and an adult female , were observed incubating the eggs at the same time .
References
stripe-breasted woodpecker
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Vietnam
Birds of Indochina
stripe-breasted woodpecker
stripe-breasted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Oi Treis Harites ( , The Three Harites ) is a Greek comedy series created by Michalis Reppas and Thanasis Papathanasiou which aired on Mega Channel from February 8 , 1990 to April 20 , 1992 . The name `` Harites '' was taken partly from ancient Greek mythology ( The Three Graces ) and partly from their surname , which was `` Haritou '' .
The series describes the daily life of three single sisters in their middle forties who live in the same house .
Oi Treis Harites received positive reviews , becoming one of the most popular and successful programs ever shown on Greek television , achieving high ratings throughout its run . During the season 1989-1990 and 1991-1992 Oi Treis Harites was the most popular series in Greek television , making history reaching 65 % according to AGB Nielsen Media Research on February 3 , 1992 . According to Mega Channel , the initial title of the series was `` Anna and their Sisters '' .
The series was released in DVD from the magazine Tilerama in April 2010 .
Series Overview
Three sisters Olga , Maria and Eirini around in the age of 45 . Daughters of a judge , grown in one two-store house that now belongs to the youngest sister , Eirini . When Olga gets married and Maria does the same , they grow apart for about 20 years , until Olga gets widowed and Maria leaves their husband after their adultery . The sisters then , return to their family residence .
The Three Sisters
Anna Panayiotopoulou portrays Olga , the eldest sister . Olga is a widow who wants to control their daughter 's life , who studies in London . They have an antique shop in Athens . They are a bit ironic in some tricky situations and proud of their blue eyes .
Nena Menti portrays Maria , the middle sister . Maria is an advertiser with a high sense of humour . They get a divorce from their husband in the first episode of the series . They are the most logical of the three .
Mina Adamaki portrays Eirini , the youngest sister . Eirini is a bit of a hysterical woman , with bad luck in their love life since they are not married yet . They are obsessed with keeping the house clean and that 's a reason they often quarrel with their sisters . They were the initial resident of the house , which they inherited from their parents .
Anna Kyriakou portrays Bebeka , the beloved aunt of the three sisters . Aunt Bebeka is a daily visitor . Classy , with finesse , clever but at the same time gullible ... they often astonish their nieces with the advanced opinions and their restless youth .
Seasons
Season 1
Season 1 consists of 22 episodes and begins with Maria trying to persuade Eirini to accept their other sister , Olga , at the house because Olga has to wait for their house to be built . Eirini unwillingly accepts , but in the middle of the first episode Maria announces that they are getting divorced from their husband and they are going to stay with their sisters . The whole season shows their life , the difficulties they face living all together again under the same roof , their constant problems with men and many other hilarious adventures . In the last episode of the first season , the three sisters are making plans for their vacations .
Season 2
Season 2 consists of 40 episodes and it 's the largest season . It begins with the three sisters having returned from their vacations and trying to attract a charming man living next door to them . The season continues with the sisters handling hilarious situations in each episode . In the 7th episode of the season , a big change happens . Olga 's daughter , Teti , abandons their studies in London and comes to Athens . Initially , Olga , disagrees with their decision and tries to persuade them to go back to London , but soon they realise it is better to have Teti under the same roof . But there is one problem . Teti wants to have their own apartment , and then the conspiracies begin . The season ends with Olga and Maria leaving the house since Eirini is now in a serious relationship .
Season 3
Season 3 consists of 28 episodes . The third and final season begins with the sisters living in their own apartments . But due to some difficulties they face , both Olga and Maria return home . The series ends with their younger brother , Andreas , getting married and having a daughter with Olga 's assistant in the antique shop . The three sisters are now in serious relationships and in the final scene they reminisce the three years they were together saying that life goes on ...
Cast and Characters
Main Characters
Anna Panayiotopoulou as Olga Haritou
Nena Menti as Maria Haritou
Mina Adamaki as Eirini Haritou
Anna Kyriakou as Aunt Bebeka
Michalis Reppas as Andreas Haritos
Nena Menti was the last actor cast . The creators initially wanted Mirka Papakonstantinou to portray Maria , but due to unknown reasons they refused . However , Papakonstantinou appeared in the series , guest starring in one episode in season 2 .
Recurring Characters
Anna Kouri as Teti , Olga 's daughter
Eleni Kastani as Ntina , Olga 's assistant
Notable Guest Stars
In the series many well-known actors made guest appearances during its three seasons . Some of those were long-established stars of film , stage and television , others would find considerable fame and recognition after appearing in the show . Notable appearances of celebrities ( whether famous then or later ) include those of :
Maria Foka
Dina Konsta
Mirka Papakonstantinou
Dimitra Papadopoulou
Tzesu Papoutsi
Joyce Evidi
Renia Louizidou
Zozo Sapountzaki
Alexandros Antonopoulos
Tasos Chalkias
Eleni Gerasimidou
Christos Valavanidis
Vladimiros Kuriakidis
Ivoni Maltezou
Apostolos Gletsos
Petros Filipidis
Trufon Karatzas
Christos Simardanis
Ismini Kalesi
Gregoris Valtinos
Maria Kanellopoulou
Labis Livieratos
Pavlos Kontogiannidis
Yannis Bezos
Alkistis Protopsalti
Kostas Makedonas
Stamatis Kraounakis
Crossovers
Anna Panayiotopoulou , Nena Menti and Mina Adamaki guest starred in one episode as the Haritou Sisters in another comedy series that broadcast by Mega Channel , I Eliza kai Oi Alloi in 1992 written by Alexandros Rigas who in 1995 would work with Anna Panayiotopoulou in another hit series Ntoltse Vita again on Mega Channel .
Reruns
The series ended its run in 1992 . Mega Channel rerun the show multiple times . From 1992 to 1997 , in 2004 , in 2009 and in 2010 .
Reunion
To honour the twenty years of operation of Mega Channel , a small number of new episodes of the series were to be shown in 2009-2010 . Michalis Reppas along with Thanasis Papathanasiou wrote the script . All the cast members agreed to reprise their roles . The story of the four episodes would find Maria and Eirini living in the same block of flats but in different apartments and Olga in Tinos . The three sisters would reunite after Bebeka 's prompt to find their nanny . As always , they would make a mess , approaching the wrong woman as their nanny , who is mixed up in an incredible story of a lost treasure and they would find themselves being stalked by two gangs of criminals that want to get rid of them . However the promising and highly anticipated reunion of the series , 18 years later , was cancelled due to financial reasons .
See also
List of programs broadcast by Mega Channel
References
External links
Megalicious Classics
Mega Channel
Mega Channel original programming
Greek comedy television series
Greek-language television shows
1990 Greek television series debuts
1992 Greek television series endings
1990s Greek television series
was a samurai leader of Japan 's Nanboku-chō period who fought for Emperor Go-Daigo against the Kamakura shogunate .
Masaie took command of the Kusunoki family 's forces when Kusunoki Masashige was killed at the 1336 battle of Minatogawa . Masaie then repaired for a time to Hitachi province , where they were attacked by forces of the Ashikaga Northern Court . They fought them off , and killed two Northern generals , Satake Yoshifuyu and Gotō Motoaki . Masaie then traveled to Kyoto alongside Kitabatake Akiie , another major general of the Southern Court .
In 1347 , Masashige 's son Kusunoki Masatsura came of age and took command of their father 's forces . Masaie willingly relinquished command , and served under Masatsura until their deaths the following year at the battle of Shijō Nawate .
References
Papinot , Edmond ( 1910 ) . Historical and geographical dictionary of Japan . Tokyo : Librarie Sansaisha .
1348 deaths
Samurai
Japanese warriors killed in battle
Year of birth unknown
Alan Stewart ( born 19 September 1955 ) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics and in the 1980 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
British male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology ( CCET ) is one of the top finest Government engineering college which is an affiliated college of the Panjab University . CCET , formerly known as Central Polytechnic Chandigarh ( CPC ) , was established in 1959 . The Chandigarh Administration upgraded the CPC to CCET , by then Administrator Lt. Gn . JFR Jacob , by introducing two branches of engineering in 2002 . It is the only technical college offering both Diploma and Degree qualifications in Chandigarh .
Campus
The college campus extends over an area of of land situated close to the Shivalik ranges and Sukhna Lake in sector 26 on Madhya Marg a posh area of Chandigarh . The campus is divided into zones like administration blocks for Degree and Diploma stream , and hostels and residential complex for faculty and staff .
In addition to lecture halls , tutorial rooms and drawing halls , the college has an auditorium , library , computer centers , workshops , laboratories and playgrounds . The college has a branch of State Bank of India with ATM facility , extension counter of Post Office and a canteen . The campus has a unit of the National Cadet Corps ( NCC ) .
The college is under the administrative control of the Directorate of Technical Education , Chandigarh Administration for its degree courses and Punjab State Board of Technical Education and Industrial Training for its Diploma courses .
Degree Wing
The following are the courses available under the 4 year degree program ( number of seats in brackets ) :
Civil Engineering ( 66 )
Computer Science and Engineering ( 66 )
Electronics and Communication Engineering ( 66 )
Mechanical Engineering ( 66 )
Diploma Wing
The following are the courses available in Diploma ( number of seats in brackets ) :
Architectural Assistantship ( 30 )
Civil Engineering ( 40 )
Computer Engineering ( 30 )
Electrical Engineering ( 50 )
Electronics and Communication Engineering ( 30 )
Mechanical Engineering ( 60 )
Production and Industrial Engineering ( 30 )
The institution provides services to the residents of Chandigarh by offering courses from 7am to 9:15pm , as follows :
Diploma courses ( regular ) .
Part Time Diploma ( for employed students ) .
Formal Diploma courses under PWD Scheme .
Non formal Diploma courses under PWD Scheme .
Modular Employable Skills ( MES ) under SDI Scheme .
References
External links
Official website
All India Council for Technical Education
Educational institutions established in 2002
Engineering colleges in Punjab , India
Engineering colleges in Chandigarh
Francisco Alex do Nascimento Moraes or simply Alex ( born 19 May 1990 ) , is a Brazilian footballer .
Club career
Alex started their career in 2007 on Palmeiras 's youth squad . They were loaned to Taboao da Serra in 2008 . On December 17 , 2009 , they signed for Nanchang Bayi . They scored their goal for Nanchang on 23 April , in a 2–1 away against Changchun Yatai .
References
External links
profile on ogol.com.br
1990 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Grêmio Barueri Futebol players
Expatriate footballers in China
Chinese Super League players
Shanghai Shenxin F.C . players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Association football forwards
In early Egyptian mythology , Anhur ( also spelled Onuris , Onouris , An-Her , Anhuret , Han-Her , Inhert ) was a god of war who was worshipped in the Egyptian area of Abydos , and particularly in Thinis . Myths told that they had brought their wife , Mehit , who was their female counterpart , from Nubia , and their name reflects this—it means ( one who ) leads back the distant one .
One of their titles was Slayer of Enemies . Anhur was depicted as a bearded man wearing a robe and a headdress with four feathers , holding a spear or lance , or occasionally as a lion-headed god ( representing strength and power ) . In some depictions , the robe was more similar to a kilt .
Roles
God of war
Due to their position as a war god , they were patron of the ancient Egyptian army , and the personification of royal warriors . Indeed , at festivals honoring him , mock battles were staged . During the Roman era the Emperor Tiberius was depicted on the walls of Egyptian temples wearing the distinctive four-plumed crown of Anhur .
The Greeks equated Anhur to their god of war , Ares . In the legend of Olympian gods fleeing from Typhon and taking animal form in Egypt , Ares was said to have taken the form of a fish as Lepidotus or Onuris .
Sky Bearer
Anhur 's name also could mean Sky Bearer and , due to the shared headdress , Anhur was later identified with Shu , becoming Anhur-Shu . They are the son of Ra and brother of Tefnut if identified as Shu .
High priests of Anhur
Amenhotep , from the time of Thutmose IV . Amenhotep 's wife Henut was a songstress of Anhur . Their sons Hat and Kenna were Chariot Warriors of Their Majesty . Known from a stela now in the British Museum ( EA 902 ) .
Nebwenenef High Priest of Anhur during the reign of Seti I . Was appointed High Priest of Amun in the beginning of the reign of Ramesses II .
Hori
Minmose , son of the High Priest of Anhur Hori and their wife Inty . From the reign of Ramesses II .
Anhurmose , from the time of Merenptah .
Sishepset , from the time of Ramesses III
Harsiese , mentioned on an ostracon in Abydos
In popular culture
Anhur is a playable character in the multiplayer online battle arena , SMITE . Anhur is a Hunter wielding a spear and bears title the Slayer of Enemies and is shown in their ( anthropomorphic ) lion form maintaining their beard , robe , and a crown incorporating four large feathers .
Anhur is a chaotic god in the computer game NetHack/Slash'EM .
Onuris has a minor role in the 2012 fantasy novel The Serpent 's Shadow as a presumed dead god who is revived in order to destroy the Lord of Chaos , Apophis .
Anhur is one of the 20 bosses you fight in the video game Boss Rush : Mythology .
The American death metal band Nile did two tracks about Anhur in their 2000 album Black Seeds of Vengeance , called Masturbating the War God and Libation Unto the Shades Who Lurk In the Shadows of the Temple of Anhur .
References
External links
http : //www.religionswissenschaft.uzh.ch/idd/prepublications/e_idd_onuris.pdf Iconography of Onuris ]
Egyptian gods
Nubian gods
War gods
Ares
Lion deities
Müsellim , Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
School Union 47 covers five towns in the state of Maine . Included in Union 47 is Arrowsic , Georgetown , Phippsburg , West Bath and Woolwich , Maine . All towns have schools serving grades K–6 , with the exception of Woolwich , which serves grades K–8 . Union 47 's population , as of 2006 , is approximately 740 students . The school union has no high school and all Ninth through twelfth grade students go to Morse High School in Bath .
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20070418113818/http : //www.u47.k12.me.us/
School districts in Maine
Education in Sagadahoc County , Maine
Witherspoon Lodge No . 111 Free and Accepted Masons ( F & AM ) is a historic building located is at 1410 North Clayton Street in Mount Dora , Florida . The building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2009 .
The building is named for Witherspoon Lodge , a Prince Hall tradition Masonic lodge chartered by the Union Grand Lodge of Florida , who purchased the building in 1903 . The building served as a meeting place for the lodge for many years , but as of 2013 the lodge is listed as inactive .
The building also served as a school for African-American children from 1922 to 1925 .
It was built around 1921 .
Gallery
References
Former Masonic buildings in Florida
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County , Florida
Defunct schools in Florida
Vernacular architecture in Florida
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Florida
Mount Dora , Florida
Masonic buildings in Florida
Rosalie Boissonneault ( born 4 July 2003 ) is a Canadian artistic swimmer . In 2020 , Boissonneault joined the national senior team in 2020 .
Career
In May 2021 , Boissonneault finished in eighth place at in the solo event at a virtual World Cup stop . In June 2021 , Boissonneault was named to the Canadian Olympic team . At the age of 17 , they were the youngest person named to the team .
References
Living people
2003 births
Canadian synchronized swimmers
Sportspeople from Drummondville
Synchronized swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic synchronized swimmers of Canada
21st-century Canadian women
Zhang Zhiqiang ( , born 15 December 1978 in Zibo , Shandong ) is a Chinese Rugby union player who plays at the fly-half position .
Zhiqiang is considered the greatest Chinese Rugby player of all-time . They play for the China Agricultural University ( CAU ) club in Beijing , and prior to this , they had a stint with the Leicester Tigers during the 2003-04 Premiership season . They play with the China national team as well as with the China sevens national team .
References
External links
Zhiqiang blog
Zhang Zhiqiang 's Sina Weibo
1974 births
Living people
Chinese rugby union players
Rugby union fly-halves
Sportspeople from Zibo
Chinese expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in Australia
Expatriate rugby union players in England
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in England
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Asian Games medalists in rugby union
Rugby union players at the 2002 Asian Games
Rugby union players at the 2006 Asian Games
Rugby union players at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Leicester Tigers players
Assault ( March 28 , 1943 – September 1 , 1971 ) was a champion American Thoroughbred racehorse who is the seventh winner of the American Triple Crown and the only Texas-bred winner of the Triple Crown .
Early life
Foaled at King Ranch in Texas , Assault was sired by Bold Venture , who had won the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes . Their dam was the unraced Igual , by Horse of the Year Equipoise . Assault 's third dam was Masda , who was a full sister to Man o ' War . Their full-brother was Air Lift , who broke a leg in their debut race and was destroyed .
Described as being `` on the delicate side '' by their later jockey , Eddie Arcaro , Assault was plagued with injuries and illnesses from the start . As a youngster , they stepped on what is believed to have been a surveyor 's stake , driving it through their front right hoof . The hoof was permanently deformed , and the colt developed a limp to accommodate the odd shape of their foot ; however , the `` Club-footed Comet '' , as they were later dubbed , showed no signs of abnormality when they were at a full gallop . Throughout their career , Assault also overcame kidney , splint bone , fetlock , knee and bleeding problems .
Aside from their physical troubles , Assault faced another major hurdle . They had been foaled and bred at King Ranch , a Texas ranch that primarily raised cattle and Quarter Horses for racing . At the time , the vast majority of major stakes-winners were bred and foaled in Kentucky . ( To date , Assault remains the only Texas-bred Triple Crown winner . )
Racing career
Under Max Hirsch 's training , Assault made their racing debut as a two-year-old in 1945 , finishing 12th . They had two victories from nine starts that year and won the Flash Stakes in a four-way photo finish . Early in their three-year-old season , they won the Wood Memorial , but their run in the Derby Trial made them an outsider in the Kentucky Derby . With jockey Warren Mehrtens aboard , they raced past rivals to take the first race of the Triple Crown by eight lengths , the largest margin of victory up to that time . Assault was then made the favorite for the Preakness Stakes a week later . Aggravated by traffic early in the race , Mehrtens decided to push Assault earlier than usual . They were four lengths in front with a furlong to go . The tiring Assault scored a neck victory over Lord Boswell .
The handicappers saw this as a stamina issue and made Lord Boswell the favorite in the 1½-mile Belmont Stakes . After stumbling at the start , Assault trailed the field throughout much of the race . In the final 200 yards , they moved past the leaders to win the Belmont by three lengths . They were the seventh Triple Crown winner ever , and the third during the 1940s .
Two weeks after their Belmont victory , Assault won the Dwyer Stakes , and the general public opinion finally conceded that they were the best three-year-old in training ( but that it was also a poor crop to choose from ) . However , their last-place finish in the Arlington Classic made them `` just an average horse '' again . After the Arlington Classic , it was discovered they had a kidney infection and needed some rest . Assault returned to the track , where they compiled a string of seconds , thirds , and fourths . Trainer Max Hirsch decided to change jockeys . Assault 's original rider , Mehrtens , was replaced by Eddie Arcaro . Assault then won the Pimlico Special and Westchester Handicap with Arcaro aboard and was voted 1946 Horse of the Year .
Over the winter , Assault developed into a mature four-year-old . The colt was constantly hungry , charging grooms if they were not fed on time . They paid such close attention to their exercise riders that when it seemed that they were gazing off or not fully attentive , they would leap to the side , leaving them mid-air , and gallop around the track riderless .
As a four-year-old , Assault won five of seven races and never finished worse than third . They were victorious in some of the biggest handicap races in history , including the Brooklyn and Suburban Handicaps , while carrying weights of up to 135 pounds . During 1947 , they and their rival Stymie battled for the top money-earner title , swapping it several times . However , in a $ 100,000 winner take all match race at Belmont Park on September 27 , 1947 , Arcaro and Assault lost by eight lengths to Calumet Farm 's Armed , ridden by Douglas Dodson , who earned 1947 Horse of the Year honors .
Assault returned to the track as a five- , six- , and seven-year-old , although they did not display the same sort of winning form they showed as a three- and four-year-old .
Assault raced 42 times , with 18 victories ( 15 in stakes races ) , 6 second-place finishes , and 7 third-place finishes . They earned $ 675,470 . In 1946 , they were voted Horse of the Year , the most prestigious honor in American thoroughbred racing , and won Champion 3-Year-Old honors . In the Horse of the Year poll , conducted by Turf and Sport Digest magazine , Assault received 110 voted to win the title from Armed , who received 37 .
Retirement
Assault was originally intended to be retired after their four-year-old season and stand stud alongside their sire at King Ranch . However , none of the mares they were mated with became pregnant ; it was apparent that they were sterile . They were returned to racing until the age of seven , where they won a few more races , including one more running of the Brooklyn Handicap . They were then permanently retired to King Ranch . There were some rumors that they were allowed to pasture breed with some of King Ranch 's Quarter Horse mares , but there are no records that any of those foals made it to the track . They did sire two Quarter Horse foals , and they were registered with American Quarter Horse Association . Assault was euthanized after falling and breaking their left front leg at the shoulder , dying on September 1 , 1971 , at age 28 . The grave site is on the King Ranch ( in Kingsville , Texas ) .
Honors
Assault was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1964 . In The Blood-Horse ranking of the top 100 U.S. Thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century , Assault was ranked # 33 .
Pedigree
Notes
External links
Statistics on Assault 's Kentucky Derby
Boyd , Eva Jolene . Assault Eclipse Press ( 2004 )
1943 racehorse births
1971 racehorse deaths
Racehorses trained in the United States
Racehorses bred in Texas
Kentucky Derby winners
Preakness Stakes winners
Belmont Stakes winners
Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing winners
American Thoroughbred Horse of the Year
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Thoroughbred family 4-c
Kırköy , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Glòria Comerma Broto ( born 18 April 1987 ) is a Spanish field hockey player from Terrassa who plays as an attacker for Spanish club Egara , for which their sister , Anna Comerma , also plays . They have also played 23 times for Spain women 's national field hockey team . Along with their hockey career , they are studying marketing at a university . Some of their hobbies are playing padel and tennis .
Background
2003/2004 - Club Egara ( JUNIOR )
2005/2006 - Club Egara
2006/2007 - Club Egara
Related links
Interview for Ràdio Municipal de Terrassa ( 30/01/2007 )
Website with more information
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Terrassa
Spanish female field hockey players
Field hockey players from Catalonia
Field hockey players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic field hockey players of Spain
José Manuel Sulantay Silva ( * Coquimbo , Chile , April 3 , 1940 ) is an ex-football player and former manager of both the Chile national under-20 football team and Chile national under-17 football team .
They led Chile 's under-20 football team to a third-place finish at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada . At a FIFA level , Sulantay is Chile 's second most successful coach after Fernando Riera .
Football career
Sulantay officially debuted with Deportes La Serena in 1957 . There , they highlighted as right back or right wing . This allowed them being called to Chilean national U-20 team that participated in the 1958 South American Championship held in their country .
After losing with Serena the 1959 Copa Chile final against Santiago Wanderers , in 1960 they achieved with the team that season 's Copa Chile edition . Equally , in 1959 they were the cup 's top scorer with six goals alongside Juan Soto ―from Colo-Colo― and Héctor Torres from Magallanes .
Managerial career
Early seasons : 1976–1989
After being promoted to Coquimbo Unido 's first adult team by Enrique Hormazábal ( nicknamed « Cuá-cuá » ) , they were the manager of both Coquimbo Unido and Deportes La Serena for twelve years .
Cobreloa
In 1992 , they achieved a Primera División de Chile title with the club .
Chile youth teams : 2003–2007
During 2007 FIFA Youth World Cup , on 20 June , their team was involved in a clash with the Canadian police after the players tried to cross security barriers to meet with fans , conflict that even extended to Harold Mayne-Nicholls —president of the ANFP— who was beaten by Toronto 's police . These events even transcended beyond football by provoking complaints from the President Michelle Bachelet , the Chilean consul in Toronto and Human Rights Watch director José Miguel Vivanco . Days later also FIFA president Joseph Blatter condemned the violence from Canadian police .
After Chile U20 's performance in 2007 FIFA Youth World Cup , they were the candidate to replace Nelson Acosta in the adult national team . Nevertheless , on 30 July , they officially declined . Likewise , according journalist Francisco Sagredo , this option did n't prosper because Sulantay would have broken the confidentiality pact by telling this possibility to media .
Municipal Iquique
On 5 January 2008 , they joined Primera B side Municipal Iquique .
On 11 September 2008 , they renounced to Iquique 's bench .
Return to Coquimbo
In early 2010 , it was reported that they re-joined to Coquimbo Unido .
Return to Cobreloa
On 20 January 2017 , they were appointed as new coach of Cobreloa .
Coaching style
According him :
Political career
In 2012 , they competed for being major of Coquimbo as an independent with support from conservative party Independent Democratic Union ( « UDI » ) . However , they lost the elections against Cristian Galleguillos from Christian Democratic Party , who obtained a 45,6 % instead Sulantay 's 27,5 % ( he finished second in the election ) .
Honors
Player
Club
Deportes La Serena
Segunda División de Chile ( 1 ) : 1957
Copa Chile ( 1 ) : 1960
Individual
Copa Chile topscorer ( 1 ) : 1959
Manager
Club
Deportes La Serena
Segunda División de Chile ( 1 ) : 1987
Cobreloa
Primera División de Chile ( 1 ) : 1992
International
Chile U20
FIFA U-20 World Cup ( 1 ) : Third place 2007
References
Further reading
Sagredo , Francisco ( 2011 ) . La Caída : La historia secreta del autogol político y empresarial de Mayne-Nicholls , Bielsa y el fútbol chileno . Editorial Aguilar .
1940 births
Living people
People from Coquimbo
Chilean footballers
Independent Democratic Union politicians
Deportes La Serena footballers
O'Higgins F.C . footballers
Club Deportivo Palestino footballers
C.D . Atlético Marte footballers
Aurora F.C . players
C.D . Antofagasta footballers
Coquimbo Unido footballers
Chilean expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in El Salvador
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in El Salvador
Expatriate footballers in Guatemala
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Guatemala
Chilean football managers
Coquimbo Unido managers
Deportes La Serena managers
Deportes Antofagasta managers
Cobreloa managers
Club Deportivo Palestino managers
O'Higgins F.C . managers
Rangers de Talca managers
Deportes Iquique managers
Primera B de Chile managers
Chilean Primera División managers
Chilean people of Diaguita descent
Indigenous sportspeople of the Americas
Association footballers not categorized by position
Chile national under-20 football team managers
Joílson Júnior de Brito Ramos ( born 19 April 1998 ) is a Brazilian Greco-Roman wrestler . They are a six-time medalist at the Pan American Wrestling Championships . They also won the gold medal in their event at the South American Games .
Career
In 2019 , they represented Brazil at the Pan American Games in the 67 kg event where they were eliminated in their first match by Ellis Coleman .
At the 2020 Pan American Wrestling Championships held in Ottawa , Canada , they won the silver medal in the 72 kg event . A year earlier , they won one of the bronze medals in the 67 kg event .
They competed in the 77kg event at the 2022 World Wrestling Championships held in Belgrade , Serbia .
Achievements
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Brazilian male sport wrestlers
Pan American Games competitors for Brazil
Wrestlers at the 2019 Pan American Games
South American Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2018 South American Games
South American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Wrestling Championships medalists
20th-century Brazilian people
21st-century Brazilian people
Unione Sportiva Calcio Colognese is an Italian association football club located in Cologno al Serio , Lombardy . It currently plays in Eccellenza .
History
The club was founded in 1961 .
In the season 2011–12 it was relegated to Eccellenza .
Colors and badge
Its colors are yellow and green .
Honours
Coppa Italia Dilettanti
Winners : 2004–05
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Lombardy
Association football clubs established in 1964
Italian football clubs established in 1964
Tikhon of Zadonsk ( secular name Timofey Savelyevich Sokolov , ; 1724–1783 ) was an 18th century Russian Orthodox bishop and spiritual writer whom the Eastern Orthodox Church glorified ( canonized ) as a saint in 1861 .
St. Tikhon was born in Novgorod , Russia , and grew up in extreme poverty . After spending much of their childhood working at peasant labour , they entered the Novgorod Seminary on a grant and was a brilliant student : they went on to teach Greek , Rhetoric and Philosophy at the seminary . They became a monk in 1758 , and in 1763 was appointed Bishop of Voronezh , where they became revered for their energetic commitment to the spiritual education and wellbeing of both the laity and the clergy of their diocese . Due to ill health , they retired to the monastery at Zadonsk in 1769 , where they lived until their death in 1783 . At Zadonsk they wrote a number of luminous books and treatises , and became a much-loved spiritual advisor and man of God .
The life and works of Tikhon inspired Dostoevsky , who reflected them in the character of Bishop Tikhon in the novel Demons ( 1871-1872 ) and in the characters of Alyosha Karamazov and of the Elder Zosima in The Brothers Karamazov ( 1879-1880 ) .
Biography
Tikhon was born Timofey Kirillov in 1724 in the village of Korotsko , in the Novgorod region of Russia . When still an infant , they were given a new family name , Sokolov , by the head of the Novgorod seminary . Tikhon lived with their mother in extreme poverty , and was required to do peasant labour for long hours as a child . At the age of thirteen they were sent to a clergy school , and paid their way by working with the vegetable gardeners . At sixteen , they entered Novgorod Seminary under a state grant and excelled at their studies . In 1754 , they became a teacher at the seminary , first in Greek , and later in Rhetoric and Philosophy . They took monastic vows with the name Tikhon in 1758 .
In 1761 Tikhon was made a vicar-bishop of the Novgorod diocese . In 1863 they were transferred to an independent episcopal chair at Voronezh . As Bishop they sought to revitalise the spiritual life of the cathedral and the community . They encouraged and instructed the clergy in their spiritual duties , formed a Mission to restore sectarians to Orthodoxy , turned judicial administration towards correction rather than punishment , and defended subordinates from secular authorities . They promoted education among the people , and transformed the Slavic-Latin school into a seminary , for which they developed the curriculum and assembled a staff of experienced instructors . Above all they sought to restore faith and enthusiasm for the spiritual life to both the monasteries and the people , through both preaching and writing . They wrote a treatise `` On the Seven Holy Mysteries '' designed to give clergy an understanding of the sacraments they performed , and another `` On the Mystery of Holy Repentance '' in which they offer a guide to spiritual advisors on receiving confession . They wrote a long essay entitled `` Flesh and Spirit '' , fifteen articles of exhortation to the monks , and a number of special essays for the people sent to all the churches . Tikhon served as bishop for nearly five years , before requesting dismissal due to ill health . They at first settled at the Tolshevsky monastery near Voronezh before retiring to the monastery of Zadonsk in 1769 , where they lived until their death in 1783 .
At Zadonsk , Tikhon engaged in theological studies and writing , and adopted a strict ascetic life : despite their frail health they ate very little and often engaged in hard physical work . They are , however , indulgent to others ' weaknesses , and was known for their deep humility and forgiveness , though they were themselves naturally of a nervous and oversensitive temperament . Despite their erudition , they humbly took lessons in spirituality from simple and illiterate monastic elders . In Zadonsk , Tikhon 's reputation for piety , humility , kindness and wisdom drew many people—rich and poor , old and young—to the monastery in search of their blessing and advice . They were not averse to leaving the monastery and moving among the local people if a situation required it , and would occasionally travel to more distant destinations .
Tikhon 's two major literary works during their retirement were the books A Spiritual Treasury Gathered from the World ( 1770 ) and On True Christianity ( 1776 ) . They also wrote shorter works especially for monks , such as `` Rules of Monastic Life '' and `` Instruction to those who turn from the vain world '' . Their own life at the monastery was described in some detail by two of their cell attendants .
On May 14 , 1846 , during the construction of the new cathedral at Zadonsk , Tikhon 's relics were uncovered . Their relics were rumoured to be incorrupt , and there were numerous reports of miracles occurring near them . The Russian Orthodox Church made Tikhon a saint in 1861 . Their feast day is celebrated on August 13 , Julian calendar ( August 26 , Gregorian Calendar ) . Another feast day , the Uncovering of the Relics of Saint Tikhon of Zadonsk , was instituted to be celebrated annually on May 14 .
Character
St. Tikhon studied and taught in the Latin schools at Novgorod and Tver . Though primarily influenced by the church fathers , they also appreciated some modern western theologians , particularly Johann Arndt . Tikhon 's chief work On True Christianity ( Об истинном христианстве , Ob istinnom khristianstve ) bore the same title as Arndt 's principal work . Tikhon was exceptionally gifted with words and had a writing style that was artistic , simple , and `` surprisingly limpid '' . Theologian Georges Florovsky describes Tikhon thus : His grace and lucidity , their freedom—and not merely freedom from the world but also in the world—is the most striking quality in St. Tikhon 's personality . They have the easy grace of a pilgrim or traveler neither deflected nor restrained by this world . `` Every living being on earth is a wayfarer . '' However , this conquering grace was achieved through painful trial and ascetic effort . The dark waves of deep weariness and despair are quite clearly visible in Tikhon 's limpid spirit as they rush over him ... Their peculiar subjective despair , their special temptation to melancholy as a form of uncustomary disclosure of the soul , is wholly unique in Russian asceticism and more readily suggestive of the Dark Night of the Soul by St. John of the Cross . At times Tikhon would fall into a helpless torpor , confinement , and immobility , when everything around them was dark , empty , and unresponsive . Sometimes they could not compel themselves to leave their cell ; at other times they seemingly tried to escape physically from despair by moving about . Tikhon 's whole spirit had been overwhelmed in this ordeal , yet that trial left no traces or scars . The original luminosity of their soul was only purified in their personal progress .
Though Tikhon chose an ascetic life , they remained a pastor and a teacher , and did not refrain from actively involving themselves in affairs of the world if their deep sensitivity to suffering was aroused . They were one of the first men of God to encounter the effects of the new Russian atheism , and this encounter is reflected in their writings and in anecdotes about him . They frequently intervened on behalf of mistreated peasants and sought to practice and promote Christian love in a time of darkness . On occasion they were physically attacked by landowners under the influence of the prevailing Voltairian antireligious ideas , but their strength and humility in these situations was said to be powerful enough to produce a change of heart in their assailant . They are reported by their monk-servant to have frequently engaged in ecstatic speech , but at other times to have become `` lost in thought '' , whereupon they would retreat into solitude and prayer .
According to Florovsky , St. Tikhon `` combined an intense concentration of the spirit with an exceptional capacity for tenderness and love . '' Florovsky describes Tikhon 's books , particularly On True Christianity , as graceful , poetic and free , `` less a dogmatic system than a book of mystical ethics '' , and the first attempt at a living theology , `` a theology based on experience , in contrast and as a counterweight to scholastic erudition , which lacks any such experience . ''
Influence
Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky admired Tikhon , and was influenced by aspects of both their teaching and their character . A character called Tikhon plays a vital role in the controversial chapter `` Stavrogin 's Confession '' ( or `` At Tikhon 's '' ) in Demons . The character is a former bishop living at a monastery , who suffers from a number of physical and nervous ailments but nonetheless demonstrates a profoundly compassionate insight into the state of mind of their interlocutor , the deeply troubled Nikolay Stavrogin . The teachings of the Elder , Zosima , in The Brothers Karamazov , are based on some of Tikhon 's teachings , and constitute Dostoevsky 's attempt to provide a truly Christian response to the materialistic , rationalistic , and nihilistic doctrines that were becoming increasingly dominant in Russian society at the time . Tikhon 's re-affirmation of the doctrine of the immortality of the soul , and their lament for the moral and spiritual decay following from its rejection , is echoed in the novel . Like Dostoevsky , Tikhon connected the Resurrection with the creation of Heavan on Earth through Love , and not with the ideas of retribution and punishment contained in The Last Judgment : How wonderful everything would be if everyone loved one another ! Then there would be no robbery , no deceit , no murder ... the jails would not be overflowing with prisoners , locked up for crimes , moneylending , failure to pay debts ; there would finally be no poor or needy any longer , but all would be equal . `` Frank ( 2010 ) . p. 799
Sayings
`` Forgiveness is better than revenge . ''
`` Love is higher than fasting '' .
`` Try to know yourself , your own wickedness . Think on the greatness of God and your wretchedness . Meditate on the suffering of Christ , the magnitude of Whose love and suffering surpass our understanding . Ascribe the good that you do to God alone . Do not think about the sin of a brother but about what in them is better than in yourself .... Flee from glory , honors and praise , but if this is impossible , be sorry that such is your lot . Be benevolent to people of low origin . Be freely and willingly obedient not only to those above you but to those below .... The lowlier we are in spirit , the better we know ourselves , and without humility we can not see God . ''
`` Just as the body has an ear , so also does the soul . Not everybody has an ear that is open , nor does every soul . God commands the soul : do not kill , do not steal , do not commit adultery , turn away from evil and do good , etc . The soul whose ears are open , hears and listens to God speaking and does what God command . Truly , such a soul can not but hear God and obey Their commandments if it has its ears open . Men listen and carry out the commands of earthly kings and lesser authorities , and will not a soul listen to God speaking if it has its ears open ? Of course ! And with what fervor and delight will it not listen and say to Him : Ready is my heart , O God , ready is my heart '' . ( Ps . 108 , Septuagint )
`` For love does not seek its own , it labors , sweats , watches to build up the brother : nothing is inconvenient to love , and by the help of God it turns the impossible into the possible .... Love believes and hopes .... It is ashamed of nothing . Without it , what is the use of prayer ? What use are hymns and singing ? What is the use of building and adorning churches ? What is mortification of the flesh if the neighbor is not loved ? Indeed , all are of no consequence .... As an animal can not exist without bodily warmth , So no good deed can be alive without true love ; it is only the pretence of a good deed . ''
References
Published works
St Tikhon of Zadonsk - Journey To Heaven- Counsels on the particular duties of every Christian 1870 ,
External links
Tikhon of Zadonsk article from OrthodoxWiki
St Tikhon . Bishop of Voronezh and Wonderworker of Zadonsk and All Russia Orthodox icon and synaxarion
1724 births
1783 deaths
18th-century Christian mystics
18th-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
18th-century people of the Russian Empire
Bishops of the Russian Orthodox Church
Eastern Orthodox mystics
People from Valdaysky District
Russian saints of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Russian Orthodox monks
Miracle workers
Bishops in the Russian Empire
Monks of the Russian Empire
Kulkam ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Kayakentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 268 as of 2010 .
Geography
Kulkam is located 9 km northwest of Novokayakent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kayakent and Shalasi are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Kayakentsky District
The 1949–50 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 39th since its establishment .
League table
References
1949–50 Hong Kong First Division table ( RSSSF )
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
The Boston Society for Medical Improvement was an elite society of Boston physicians , established in 1828 for `` the cultivation of confidence and good feeling between members of the profession ; the eliciting and imparting of information upon the different branches of medical science ; and the establishment of a Museum and Library of Pathological Anatomy '' . It held regular meetings until at least 1917 .
Founding and organization
The Society was established February 19 , 1828 by John P. Spooner .
By-laws were established at a founding meeting of eleven members ,
and the first regular meeting was held on March 10 .
Within a year the Society had grown to 25 members .
Meetings were held on the second and fourth Mondays of each month ,
originally in Spooner 's home .
Usually a member 's reading of a paper was
followed by discussion of recent cases of either special interest or on which the attending physician wished the opinion of their colleagues .
There were frequent presentations of remarkable tissues and organs obtained during post-mortems , or unusual specimens found in nature , those of particular interest being added to the `` Cabinet '' of the Society .
The Society 's original officers were a committee of four and a secretary , who made up the `` Prudential Committee '' , as well as a librarian and a cabinet keeper .
These offices were filled once a year by vote at the first meeting in January .
Members were admitted twice a year , in April and October , with only practicing physicians from Boston being eligible .
History
During its first year the Society 's Anatomical Cabinet was established , and several members collaborated to combine the New England Journal of Medicine and Surgery and the Boston Medical Intelligencer into the Boston Medical and Surgical Journal
( now the New England Journal of Medicine ) .
The Society 's expenses in the first year were $ 7.50 .
In 1830 , after resolving to publish their transactions and to have a standing committee , the Society moved to a room on Washington Street , rented for an annual fee of $ 25 .
In 1833 The Medical Magazine published a piece praising the Society and encouraging the formation of similar organizations .
The Society limited its membership to Boston 's medical elite .
In 1835 a number of ineligible physicians ( mostly younger , less established members of the profession ) formed a competing organization , the Boston Society for Medical Observation .
By 1838 , when the Society was incorporated , membership had grown to 35 ,
with approximately 25 attending any given meeting .
Around 1840 the Society relocated once again , to Tremont Row .
Until 1840 the Society often held anniversary celebrations ( frequently including the presentation of an original poem by member Oliver Wendell Holmes ) but after that date they became increasingly rare .
Sometime during the summer of 1842 J.B.S . Jackson `` asked the opinion of the Society as to the contagion of puerperal fever and the probability of physicians communicating it from one patient to another '' following the death of a physician who had treated an infected woman , and the subsequent infection of the patients they had treated in the interim .
This piqued the interest of Holmes , who , after a period of research , presented their essay , `` The Contagiousness of Puerperal Fever '' , to the Society on February 13 , 1843 ; it was later published at the Society 's request in the April issue of the New England Quarterly Journal of Medicine and Surgery .
On November 10 , 1849 , Henry Jacob Bigelow presented Phineas Gage to the Society , between the cases of a stalagmite `` remarkable for its singular resemblance to a petrified penis '' and a child cured of a swollen ankle by a Dr. Strong .
By 1853 , the number of members had grown to 60 .
The Society 's medical collections were donated to the Warren Anatomical Museum around 1870 , while its library was absorbed into the Boston Medical Library in 1875 .
Membership had grown again by 1876 , reaching 79 regular members .
In 1878 the Society moved to a building on Boylston Street , the former home of Samuel Gridley Howe , after it was purchased by the Boston Medical Library Association .
By 1880 , however , the Society , total membership 99 , had begun to go into a period of slight decline .
The office of President was instituted as part of an attempt to stem this decline ; the first president was James H. White .
On November 19 , 1890 , the Society held a special meeting in honor of Henry J. Bigelow , who had recently died .
The Boston Society for Medical Observation was merged into the Society for Medical Improvement in 1894 .
In 1901 , James Gregory Mumford published The Story of the Boston Society for Medical Improvement in the March issue of the Boston Medical and Surgical Journal .
In 1905 the members of the Society tendered a proposal to the Boston Medical Library to disband : the proposal was rejected , however , both by the library and by vote at the next meeting .
By this time the Society had reduced its meetings to an annual occurrence , and it was generally viewed as `` undesirable '' to have them more often , due to the fact that the Medical Library and the Suffolk District Medical Society had begun to hold joint sessions .
The last record of the Society comes from 1917 .
Collection
The Society had an expansive Anatomical Cabinet , begun in 1828 , the year of its founding .
It included a number of specimens from the War of 1812 , which had been acquired by the Society from Dr. S.D . Townsend and Charles H. Stedman of the Chelsea Naval Hospital .
It also included a number of Chinese paintings of medical cases donated by Robert William Hooper .
By 1840 , the cabinet was estimated to contain around 600 specimens .
Beginning in 1831 the Cabinet was curated by J.B.S . Jackson
( also curator of the Warren Anatomical Museum from 1847 on ) .
The two were merged around 1870 , and Jackson continued their work until their death in 1879 .
The curator was tasked with keeping a catalog and a case history of each specimen in the cabinet .
Jackson published two descriptions of the collection in 1847 : A Descriptive Catalogue of the Anatomical Museum of the Boston Society for Medical Improvement , and later that year A Descriptive Catalogue of the Monstrosities in the Cabinet of the Boston Society of Medical Improvement , which focused solely on the anatomical oddities from the cabinet .
Both books were abridged versions of the complete catalog .
In the first volume , the specimens of the cabinet were divided into fifteen sections : healthy bones , diseased bones , soft parts about the bones , heart and blood vessels , organs of sense , vocal and respiratory organs , alimentary canal , organs accessory to the alimentary canal , urinary organs , female organs of generation , male organs of generation , utero-gestation , monstrosities , and parasites .
Locations
When it was first formed , the Society held its meetings at the houses of its members .
It then set up a regular establishment over a chemist 's shop on Washington Street .
Some years later , it relocated again to Tremont Row , over another chemist 's shop , before moving to Temple Place .
When its library was moved to the Boston Medical Library on Boylston Street , the Society relocated there . By 1901 it had moved to Fenway .
Notable members
Henry Jacob Bigelow
Charles Eliot Ware
Jacob Bigelow
Henry Ingersoll Bowditch
Thomas Dwight
John Dix Fisher
Augustus Addison Gould
Richard Hodges
Oliver Wendell Holmes , Sr .
Charles Thomas Jackson
J.B.S . Jackson
Nathaniel B. Shurtleff
Nathan Ryno Smith
David Humphreys Storer
Jeffries Wyman
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1828 establishments in Massachusetts
Organizations established in 1828
Scientific organizations established in 1828
Medical associations based in the United States
Organizations disestablished in 1917
1917 disestablishments in the United States
Clubs and societies in Boston
Medical and health organizations based in Massachusetts
Vilakku Vangiya Veena is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film , directed and produced by P. Bhaskaran . The film stars Prem Nazir , Madhu , Sharada , Usha and KPAC Lalitha in the lead roles . The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy . This film was a blockbuster at the box office .
Plot
Sarada , who is in love with Vijayan , a struggling singer , decides to sell their gold to send them to Madras to pursue their career . However , things change when they become successful and forgets about them
Cast
Prem Nazir as Vijayan
Madhu as Venu
Sharada as Sarada
KPAC Lalitha as Vijayan 's Sister Geetha
Jayabharathi as Sunanda
Adoor Bhasi as Menon
Jose Prakash as KR Das
Sankaradi as Sankarappillai
T. R. Omana as Nirmala
T. S. Muthaiah as Raghavan
Paul Vengola SKariya Mappila
Abbas as Money Lender
Adoor Bhavani as Parvathy
Bahadoor as Prathapan
Girish Kumar
M. J. Menon
Vanchiyoor Radha
Box office
The film was Blockbuster at the Box office .
Soundtrack
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Bhaskaran
Maaike Hartjes is a Dutch cartoonist and comics artist . They are the winner of the 2016 Stripschapprijs .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Dutch cartoonists
Dutch female comics artists
Winners of the Stripschapsprijs
Dutch women cartoonists
Homoeoxipha is a genus of `` sword-tail crickets '' , in the subfamily Trigonidiinae and the tribe Trigonidiini .
Species
Species are recordede from tropical Africa and in Asia : India , China , Japan , Indochina , Malesia through to Australia . The Orthoptera Species File lists :
Homoeoxipha amoena Bolívar , 1914
Homoeoxipha eurylobus Ma , Liu & Zhang , 2016
Homoeoxipha fuscipennis Chopard , 1927
Homoeoxipha gracilis Chopard , 1967
Homoeoxipha histeriformis ( Bolívar , 1914 )
Homoeoxipha lycoides ( Walker , 1869 ) - type species ( as Phyllopalpus lycoides Walker )
Homoeoxipha nigriceps Chopard , 1962
Homoeoxipha nigripennis Chopard , 1967
Homoeoxipha nigripes Xia & Liu , 1993
Homoeoxipha obliterata ( Caudell , 1927 )
Homoeoxipha thoracica ( Chopard , 1915 )
References
External links
Ensifera genera
Trigonidiidae
Orthoptera of Asia
Orthoptera of Africa
Gianpaolo Dozzo ( Quinto di Treviso , 2 October 1954 ) is a Venetist politician and leading member of the Liga Veneta–Lega Nord .
Dozzo joined Liga Veneta in 1982 , seven years before the foundation of Lega Nord , and was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1994 . They were then re-elected in 1996 , 2001 , 2006 and 2008 , being one of the League 's longest-serving MPs . Between 2001 and 2006 Dozzo was under-secretary of Agriculture in Berlusconi II and III Cabinets . In January 2012 Dozzo was appointed floor leader of the party in the Chamber , the first Venetian in that role . They did not stand for re-election in 2013 .
References
1954 births
Living people
Politicians of Veneto
Venetist politicians
People from the Province of Treviso
Lega Nord politicians
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Italy )
20th-century Italian politicians
21st-century Italian politicians
Microlaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Desmodorida .
Genera
Genera :
Acanthomicrolaimus Stewart & Nicholas , 1987
Aponema Jensen , 1978
Bathynox Bussau & Vopel , 1999
References
Nematodes
During the 1996–97 English football season , Luton Town F.C . competed in the Football League Second Division .
Season summary
In the 1996–97 season , Luton started just as badly as the last , with three straight defeats . However , the introduction of young forward Andrew Fotiadis saw Luton burst into life , as they shot up the table with a run of eight wins and two draws in eleven games . Tony Thorpe , too , proved to be a revelation , scoring 28 goals to become the division 's top scorer . Luton were nearly promoted , but finished in third place , four points off automatic promotion and then lost to Crewe Alexandra in the play-offs .
Final league table
Results
Luton Town 's score comes first
Legend
FA Cup
League Cup
Football League Trophy
Squad
References
Luton Town F.C . seasons
Luton Town
FKF Division One is the third tier in the Kenyan football league system . It has a promotion and relegation system with the Kenyan National Super League and the Kenyan Provincial League . It is controlled by the Football Kenya Federation . Most member clubs are semi-professional , while others are either fully professional or amateur .
History
The league was formed after the Kenyan Nationwide League was divided into two 16-team zones in 2008 . In 2009 the two zones were later restructured to form `` Nationwide League Division One '' and `` Nationwide League Division Two '' , representing the second and third divisions of Kenyan football . Division One was later renamed the FKL Nationwide League after former governing body Football Kenya Limited , while Division Two was renamed the KFF Nationwide League after former governing body , the Kenya Football Federation . The two leagues were merged after the 2011 season , and the consequent league was divided into Zone A and Zone B , with teams from the Eastern and Western halves Kenya respectively . Due to a lack of enough teams from Zone B , a number of teams were promoted from the provincial leagues in the Western half .
For the 2013 season , all Division One teams endorsed a decision to split both Zone A and Zone B into two groups of 12 teams each , increasing the total number of teams in the league to 48 . It was decided that the first group from Zone A comprise teams from the Nairobi , Aberdares and Mount Kenya regions while the second group comprise teams from the Eastern , North and South Coast regions . The first group from Zone B is to comprise teams from the South Nyanza , Central and South Rift regions while the second group comprise teams from the North Nyanza , North Rift and Western regions . Winners from each of these four groups will play the winners from the other group in their zone in a two-legged play-off tie to determine who gains promotion to the Kenyan Premier League for the following season .
From the beginning of the 2014 season , FKF Division One was taken down to the third tier of the Kenyan football league system to give way to the Kenyan National Super League , now putting it above the Kenyan Provincial League , in line with the introduction of a new six-tier system by the Football Kenya Federation to take effect at the beginning of that season .
Competition
There are 24 clubs in each of the two divisions of the FKF Division One . These two divisions are further divided into two groups of 12 teams each . During the course of a season each club plays the others twice ( a double round-robin system ) , once at their home ground and once at that of their opponents . Teams receive three points for a win and one point for a draw . No points are awarded for a loss . Teams are ranked by total points , then goal difference , and then goals scored . At the end of each season , the winners of each of the 4 groups play the winners of the other group in their zone in a two-legged play-off tie to determine who advances to the Kenyan National Super League , in place of the last two teams from that league , who are then placed in their respective zones depending on their locations of origin . Promoted teams from the Provincial League are also placed in their respective zones depending on their locations of origin .
If points are equal , the goal difference and then goals scored determine the winner . If still equal , teams are deemed to occupy the same position . If there is a tie for the championship , for relegation , or for qualification to other competitions , a play-off match at a neutral venue decides rank .
Clubs
Zone A
Zone A teams are based in Nairobi , Central , Eastern , North Eastern and Coast , representing the Eastern half of Kenya .
Zone B
Zone B teams are based in Rift Valley , Western and Nyanza , representing the Western half of Kenya .
Previous winners
Zone A
2012 : Bandari ( Mombasa )
2013 : Kenya Revenue Authority ( Nairobi )
Zone B
2012 : Kakamega Homeboyz ( Kakamega )
2013 : Top Fry AllStars ( Nakuru )
Top scorers in recent seasons
References
External links
Futaa.com - Kenyan Football Website
3
Kenya
Whidborne is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Timothy Whidborne ( 1927–2021 ) , British artist
Josh Whidborne ( born 1989 ) , English ice dancer
See also
George Ferris Whidborne Mortimer ( 1805–1871 ) , English schoolmaster
Recess Nunatak ( ) is a small but conspicuous nunatak 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) west of Mount Perkins , in the Fosdick Mountains of the Ford Ranges , Marie Byrd Land . Mapped by the United States Antarctic Service ( USAS ) ( 1939–41 ) . Later mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos ( 1959–65 ) . So named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) because the nunatak is recessed in the ice at the base due to windscooping .
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
The philosophy of information ( PI ) is a branch of philosophy that studies topics relevant to information processing , representational system and consciousness , computer science , information science and information technology .
It includes :
the critical investigation of the conceptual nature and basic principles of information , including its dynamics , utilisation and sciences
the elaboration and application of information-theoretic and computational methodologies to philosophical problems .
History
The philosophy of information ( PI ) has evolved from the philosophy of artificial intelligence , logic of information , cybernetics , social theory , ethics and the study of language and information .
Logic of information
The logic of information , also known as the logical theory of information , considers the information content of logical signs and expressions along the lines initially developed by Charles Sanders Peirce .
Cybernetics
One source for the philosophy of information can be found in the technical work of Norbert Wiener , Alan Turing ( though their work has a wholly different origin and theoretical framework ) , William Ross Ashby , Claude Shannon , Warren Weaver , and many other scientists working on computing and information theory back in the early 1950s . See the main article on Cybernetics .
Some important work on information and communication was done by Gregory Bateson and their colleagues .
Stafford Beer sought to apply the theory of cybernetics to an economy in the 1971 Chilean economic experiment Project Cybersyn .
Study of language and information
Later contributions to the field were made by Fred Dretske , Jon Barwise , Brian Cantwell Smith , and others .
The Center for the Study of Language and Information ( CSLI ) was founded at Stanford University in 1983 by philosophers , computer scientists , linguists , and psychologists , under the direction of John Perry and Jon Barwise .
P.I .
More recently this field has become known as the philosophy of information . The expression was coined in the 1990s by Luciano Floridi , who has published prolifically in this area with the intention of elaborating a unified and coherent , conceptual frame for the whole subject .
Definitions of `` information ''
The concept information has been defined by several theorists .
Peirce
Charles S. Peirce 's theory of information was embedded in their wider theory of symbolic communication they called the semeiotic , now a major part of semiotics . For Peirce , information integrates the aspects of signs and expressions separately covered by the concepts of denotation and extension , on the one hand , and by connotation and comprehension on the other .
Shannon and Weaver
Claude E. Shannon , for their part , was very cautious : `` The word 'information ' has been given different meanings by various writers in the general field of information theory . It is likely that at least a number of these will prove sufficiently useful in certain applications to deserve further study and permanent recognition . It is hardly to be expected that a single concept of information would satisfactorily account for the numerous possible applications of this general field . '' ( Shannon 1993 , p. 180 ) . Thus , following Shannon , Weaver supported a tripartite analysis of information in terms of ( 1 ) technical problems concerning the quantification of information and dealt with by Shannon 's theory ; ( 2 ) semantic problems relating to meaning and truth ; and ( 3 ) what they called `` influential '' problems concerning the impact and effectiveness of information on human behaviour , which they thought had to play an equally important role . And these are only two early examples of the problems raised by any analysis of information .
A map of the main senses in which one may speak of information is provided by the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy article . The previous paragraphs are based on it .
Bateson
Gregory Bateson defined information as `` a difference that makes a difference '' , which is based on Donald M. MacKay : information is a distinction that makes a difference .
Floridi
According to Luciano Floridi , four kinds of mutually compatible phenomena are commonly referred to as `` information '' :
Information about something ( e.g . a train timetable )
Information as something ( e.g . DNA , or fingerprints )
Information for something ( e.g . algorithms or instructions )
Information in something ( e.g . a pattern or a constraint ) .
The word `` information '' is commonly used so metaphorically or so abstractly that the meaning is unclear .
Philosophical directions
Computing and philosophy
Recent creative advances and efforts in computing , such as semantic web , ontology engineering , knowledge engineering , and modern artificial intelligence provide philosophy with fertile ideas , new and evolving subject matters , methodologies , and models for philosophical inquiry . While computer science brings new opportunities and challenges to traditional philosophical studies , and changes the ways philosophers understand foundational concepts in philosophy , further major progress in computer science would only be feasible when philosophy provides sound foundations for areas such as bioinformatics , software engineering , knowledge engineering , and ontologies .
Classical topics in philosophy , namely , mind , consciousness , experience , reasoning , knowledge , truth , morality and creativity are rapidly becoming common concerns and foci of investigation in computer science , e.g. , in areas such as agent computing , software agents , and intelligent mobile agent technologies .
According to Luciano Floridi `` one can think of several ways for applying computational methods towards philosophical matters :
Conceptual experiments in silico : As an innovative extension of an ancient tradition of thought experiment , a trend has begun in philosophy to apply computational modeling schemes to questions in logic , epistemology , philosophy of science , philosophy of biology , philosophy of mind , and so on .
Pancomputationalism : On this view , computational and informational concepts are considered to be so powerful that given the right level of abstraction , anything in the world could be modeled and represented as a computational system , and any process could be simulated computationally . Then , however , pancomputationalists have the hard task of providing credible answers to the following two questions :
how can one avoid blurring all differences among systems ?
what would it mean for the system under investigation not to be an informational system ( or a computational system , if computation is the same as information processing ) ?
Information and society
Numerous philosophers and other thinkers have carried out philosophical studies of the social and cultural aspects of electronically mediated information .
Albert Borgmann , Holding onto Reality : The Nature of Information at the Turn of the Millennium ( Chicago University Press , 1999 )
Mark Poster , The Mode of Information ( Chicago Press , 1990 )
Luciano Floridi , `` The Informational Nature of Reality '' , Fourth International European Conference on Computing and Philosophy 2006 ( Dragvoll Campus , NTNU Norwegian University for Science and Technology , Trondheim , Norway , 22–24 June 2006 ) .
See also
Barwise prize
Complex system
Digital divide
Digital philosophy
Digital physics
Game theory
Freedom of information
Informatics
Information
Information art
Information ethics
Information theory
International Association for Computing and Philosophy
Logic of information
Philosophy of artificial intelligence
Philosophy of computer science
Philosophy of technology
Philosophy of thermal and statistical physics
Relational quantum mechanics
Social informatics
Statistical mechanics
Notes
Further reading
Luciano Floridi , `` What is the Philosophy of Information ? '' Metaphilosophy , 33.1/2 : 123-145 . Reprinted in T.W . Bynum and J.H . Moor ( eds . ) , 2003 . CyberPhilosophy : The Intersection of Philosophy and Computing . Oxford – New York : Blackwell .
-- -- -- -- ( ed . ) , 2004 . The Blackwell Guide to the Philosophy of Computing and Information . Oxford - New York : Blackwell .
Greco , G.M. , Paronitti G. , Turilli M. , and Floridi L. , 2005 . How to Do Philosophy Informationally . Lecture Notes on Artificial Intelligence 3782 , pp . 623–634 .
External links
IEG site , the Oxford University research group on the philosophy of information .
It from bit and fit from bit . On the origin and impact of information in the average evolution - from bit to atom and ecosystem . Information philosophy which covers not only the physics of information , but also how life forms originate and from there evolve to become more and more complex , including evolution of genes and memes , into the complex memetics from organisations and multinational corporations and a `` global brain '' , ( Yves Decadt , 2000 ) . Book published in Dutch with English paper summary in The Information Philosopher , http : //www.informationphilosopher.com/solutions/scientists/decadt/
Luciano Floridi , `` Where are we in the philosophy of information ? '' University of Bergen , Norway . Podcast dated 21.06.06 .
Inf
Philosophy of artificial intelligence
Knowledge representation
Runaway Grooms is a Canadian documentary film , directed by Ali Kazimi and released in 2005 . An examination of the dowry system in India , the film explores the phenomenon of Indo-Canadian men who fraudulently return to India ostensibly seeking women to marry , but then abandon the woman and return to Canada without them as soon as they have secured possession of them dowry .
The film premiered on April 20 , 2005 , as an episode of CBC Television 's documentary series The Passionate Eye .
It won the Donald Brittain Award for Best Social or Political Documentary Program at the 20th Gemini Awards .
References
External links
2005 films
2005 documentary films
Donald Brittain Award winning shows
CBC Television original films
Canadian documentary television films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by Ali Kazimi
2000s Canadian films
Hero Happy Hour is an American comic book co-created by writer Dan Taylor and artist Chris Fason . Like The Tick and , less satirically , Watchmen , it takes place in a universe of vaguely familiar costumed crime fighters . All stories unfold in First City at The Hideout Bar & Grill ( Drink Specials For All Heroes ) and usually feature genre savvy humor .
Publication history
The series was originally released as Super Hero Happy Hour in 2002 but the `` Super '' had to be dropped over trademark concerns about the use of the term superhero , as explained by Dan Taylor :
A Hero Happy Hour Super Special was published in 2004 and IDW Publishing released Super Deluxe Hero Happy Hour `` The Lost Episode '' in 2006 .
Characters
The Bartender — retired superhero . Always quick with a free round if things are getting tense .
The Guardian ( AKA `` Joe '' , `` Goody Two-Shoes '' ) - when he 's not swapping arch-nemesises he 's optioning their movie rights .
Night Ranger ( AKA `` Nick '' , `` Sister Christian '' ) - they had the name before that silly hair-band and he 'll be damned if he 's going to change it .
Scout ( AKA `` Kip '' ) - Night Ranger 's impetuous young ward .
Psiren - it 's not a boob-job but good tailoring .
Galaxy Girl - not really a `` girl '' any more but they liked the alliteration and the perfect adjective for `` woman '' was already taken .
Collected editions
Some of the series has been collected into a trade paperback :
Hero Happy Hour : Heroic Edition ( collects Hero Happy Hour # 1-5 , 150 pages , Lulu.com , December 2009 , )
Awards
In Wizard 's Best of 2003 the series was named `` Concept We Wish We 'd Thought Of . ''
Notes
References
External links
GeekPunk
Hero Happy Hour # 1 at Wowio
2004 comics debuts
2006 comics debuts
Lip Sync Battle UK is a British musical reality competition television series based on the American version of the same name . It premiered on Channel 5 on 8 January 2016 . It is hosted by Mel B and Professor Green . The concept was introduced on the American chat show Late Night with Jimmy Fallon , in which celebrities battle each other with lip sync performances . It has been used as a recurring segment on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon before being developed as a separate show .
Production
Whizz Kid Entertainment , producers of the series , announced that the first series would consist of eight episodes . However , upon broadcast , only six episodes were shown , with two episodes , Daisy Lowe vs Matt Richardson and Chris Ramsey vs Aston Merrygold , remaining unaired . On 7 November 2016 Channel 5 confirmed that a second series , comprising six episodes , plus an additional Christmas Special , had been ordered and would broadcast from January 2017 .
Despite this , only four episodes aired , with episodes Robert Webb vs Sally Phillips and Joey Essex vs Louie Spence going unaired . In March 2018 , the third run of episodes was broadcast by Channel 5 ; however , despite some listings referring to them as a third series , the four-episode run consisted of the four unaired episodes from the first two series .
Series overview
Episodes
'' Winners are listed in bold
Series 1 ( 2016 )
Christmas Special ( 2016 )
Series 2 ( 2017–2018 )
References
External links
2010s British music television series
2010s British reality television series
2016 British television series debuts
2018 British television series endings
British television series based on American television series
English-language television shows
Channel 5 ( British TV channel ) reality television shows
Musical game shows
Television shows shot at BBC Elstree Centre
Laia Cañigueral i Olivé ( born 11 March 1981 ) is a Spanish sociologist and politician from Catalonia who serves as Member of the Congress of Deputies of Spain .
Early life
Cañigueral was born on 11 March 1981 in Cassà de la Selva , Catalonia . They have a bachelor 's degree in sociology and a post-graduate degree in citizen participation and sustainable development from the Autonomous University of Barcelona .
Career
Cañigueral is a sociologist , specialising in citizen participation , sustainable development and local government . They have worked at the Catalan Agency for Development Cooperation , the Catalan Youth Agency ( Agència Catalana de la Joventut ) and the Catalan Women 's Institute ( Institut Català de la Dona ) .
Cañigueral joined the Young Republican Left of Catalonia ( Joventuts d'Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya ) in 1999 . They were the JERC 's national secretary for International Relations .
Cañigueral was one of the reserve candidates for the Republican Left of Catalonia-Acord Municipal ( ERC-AM ) electoral alliance candidate in Cassà de la Selva at the 2003 local elections . At the 2004 general election they were placed fourth on ERC 's list of candidates in the Province of Girona but the party only managed to win two seats in the province and as a result they failed to get elected . They were however appointed to the Congress of Deputies in November 2006 following the resignation of Francesc Canet .
At the 2007 local elections Cañigueral was placed fifth on the ERC-AM 's list of candidates in Cassà de la Selva but the alliance only managed to win four seats in the municipality and as a result they failed to get elected . At the 2015 local elections they were placed 13th on the ERC-MES-AM 's list of candidates in Girona but the alliance only managed to win four seats in the municipality and as a result they failed to get elected .
At the 2008 general election Cañigueral was placed third on ERC 's list of candidates in the Province of Girona but the party only managed to win one seat in the province and as a result they failed to get re-elected . They contested the 2019 general election as a Republican Left of Catalonia–Sovereigntists electoral alliance candidate in the Province of Girona and was re-elected to the Congress of Deputies .
Electoral history
References
External links
1981 births
Autonomous University of Barcelona alumni
Sociologists from Catalonia
Spanish women sociologists
Women politicians from Catalonia
Living people
Members of the 8th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Members of the 13th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
People from Gironès
Republican Left of Catalonia politicians
Women members of the Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
The Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy is a human rights organization based in Hong Kong that provides information human rights abuses in mainland China for news outlets . It is run single-handedly by Frank Lu Siqing .
A municipal court document obtained by Lu claims their information center was `` registered in Hong Kong by foreign hostile element Frank Lu Siqing . ''
Lu may be able to continue their operations legally as Hong Kong is governed under the one country , two systems policy .
Lu has been imprisoned in mainland China twice , first in 1981 for calling for freedom of speech and again in 1989 for supporting the Tiananmen Square pro-democracy movement .
Quote
External links
Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy—Chinese and English versions available
Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy HKFP
Human rights organisations based in Hong Kong
Information centres
1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre
KNBS is a radio station in Bowling Green , Missouri and serves the western ( Westplex ) suburbs of St. Louis . KNBS simulcasts K270BW ( 101.9 FM ) and KLJY-HD3 ( 99.1 FM ) , airing a Conservative talk format known as `` NewsTalkSTL '' . The station is owned by Gateway Creative Broadcasting and operated by Epic STL , a local ownership consortium , with programming originating from its studios near Union Station near downtown St. Louis .
History
KNBS was established as KPCR-FM at 100.9 MHz on August 1 , 1975 . It was the companion to KPCR ( 1530 AM ) in the same town and simulcast that station and its country music format two-thirds of the time .
Original owner Pike County Broadcasting , Inc. , sold the KPCR stations in 1998 to Indacom , Inc. , for $ 490,000 . Indacom sold the two country outlets to Four Him , Inc. , headed by Michael Fallon , in 2001 in a $ 725,000 transaction . KPVR and the 97.7 station at Potosi formed Joy FM , the new contemporary Christian station for St. Louis , formed after a previous commercial outlet in the city was sold and changed formats in 1998 .
Joy FM acquired the former KFUO-FM 99.1 in St. Louis and relaunched it as KLJY in July 2010 ; the original simulcast continued to air Joy FM for several more years . Boost was launched on its present signals—the former Joy FM simulcast and a St. Louis translator owned by the Educational Media Foundation—on March 24 , 2014 .
On November 6 , 2020 , Gateway announced it would acquire the facility of WFUN-FM 95.5 from Urban One , and that Boost Radio would move from KPVR , KHZR , and K270BW to said station after Gateway assumed operations on January 4 , 2021 . The call letters of KPVR and KHZR were changed to KNBS and KQBS , remaining with Boost Radio at that time .
On August 9 , 2021 , KNBS flipped to a simulcast of the conservative talk `` NewsTalkSTL '' programming heard on K270BW/KLJY-HD3 .
References
External links
NBS
Radio stations established in 1975
1975 establishments in Missouri
Conservative talk radio
Talk radio stations in the United States
Naale is a Malayalam language film . It was released in 2008 .
Cast
Shobana
Sukumari
Dileep
Sai Kumar
References
2008 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
The 1990 Malta International Football Tournament ( known as the Rothmans Tournament for sponsorship reasons ) was the fifth edition of the Malta International Tournament . The competition was played between 4 and 10 February , with games hosted at the National Stadium in Ta ' Qali .
Matches
Winner
Statistics
Goalscorers
See also
China Cup
Cyprus International Football Tournament
References
1989–90 in Maltese football
1990 in Icelandic football
1990
The Anglican Episcopal Church ( AEC ) was a Continuing Anglican church consisting of parishes in Arizona , Alaska , and Florida served by a presiding bishop and several other clergy . The AEC was founded at St. George 's Anglican Church in Ventura , California .
The church described its faith as being based on the 1928 Book of Common Prayer , the King James Version of the Bible ,
and the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion . Now the AEC functions as a non-geographical Diocese of the United Episcopal Church of North America .
History
The Anglican Episcopal Church 's first bishop was Reginald Hammond ( 1918 to 2004 ) . Hammond was consecrated for the Anglican Episcopal Church on 20 April 2000 by Robert J. Godfrey , a former presiding bishop of the Anglican Orthodox Church . The co-consecrators were : Richard Boyce of the Anglican Province of America and Scott McLaughlin , Hesbon Njera , and Thomas Shank , all of the Orthodox Anglican Church . Following Hammond 's death on 5 May 2004 , the church was reduced from three parishes to the one parish in Ventura which then voted to ask for the episcopal oversight of two bishops of the Anglican Diocese of the Good Shepherd : Melvin Pickering and George Connor .
In 2006 , St. George 's withdrew from its association with the Diocese of the Good Shepherd along with several other parishes . Delegates to an October 2006 General Convention which had been called for the purpose of re-establishing the Anglican Episcopal Church elected Conner to be its presiding bishop . David Pressey of St. George 's parish was elected by the AEC Convention of 2008 to be a suffragan bishop . They were consecrated on 22 November 2008 . In September 2014 , St. George 's withdrew from membership in the AEC and is currently an independent parish .
In 2008 , the Anglican Episcopal Church entered into a close working association with the Diocese of the Great Lakes . Both of these churches have since joined the United Episcopal Church of North America as dioceses of the UECNA .
This Anglican Episcopal Church is not to be confused with the Anglican Episcopal Church of North America founded in 1972 by Bishop Walter Hollis Adams ( 1907 to 1991 ) , with the Anglican Episcopal Church , Celtic Rite which was founded in 1993 by Bishop Robert Harold Hawn ( 1928 to 1999 ) , with the Anglican Episcopal Church International which was founded by Bishop Norman S. Dutton in 2008 , or with the Anglican Episcopal Church of Europe which was founded more recently .
References
External links
Listing of Anglican tradition churches outside of the Anglican Communion
Anglicanism in the United States
Christianity in California
Protestantism in California
Christian organizations established in 2006
Anglican denominations in North America
Continuing Anglican denominations
Thomas Dunbar , 5th Earl of Moray inherited the title before 15 February 1392 . In 1388 they displaced Alexander Stewart , Earl of Buchan as the provider of protection to Alexander Bur , Bishop of Moray and their church lands—following Buchan 's burning of Elgin Cathedral in 1390 this agreement was dissolved . They replaced Buchan as sheriff of Inverness in 1390 . In 1394 , Moray was pressured into paying protection money to Alexander , lord of Lochaber and into granting them lands . Moray was an adherent of Robert Stewart , Duke of Albany and was appointed to the special council that was set up to supervise Robert III 's son , David Stewart , Duke of Rothesay , when they were appointed lieutenant of Scotland in 1399 . On 14 September 1402 , a Scots army has defeated at the battle of Homildon Hill where Moray was taken prisoner—he did not receive their freedom until July 1405 . They died before August 1422 and was succeeded by their son Thomas before 9 August 1422 .
Notes
References
Boardman , Stephen ( 2007 ) , The Early Stewart Kings : Robert II and Robert III , 1371–1406 , The Stewart Dynasty in Scotland Series , Edinburgh : John Donald , an imprint of Birlinn Ltd ,
Grant , Alexander ( 1984 ) , Independence and Nationhood , The New History of Scotland , London : Edward Arnold ( Publishers , Ltd ) ,
S. I. Boardman , Dunbar family , earls of Moray ( per . c.1370–1430 ) , Oxford Dictionary of National Biography ( online edition ) , Oxford University Press , 2004 Retrieved 12 February 2010
Earls of Moray
14th-century Scottish earls
15th-century Scottish peers
Islamic Revolution Committees or Committees of Islamic Revolution ( ) , simply known as the Committee ( ) , was a law enforcement force in Iran acting under Ministry of Interior . The Committee was responsible for enforcing Islamic regulations and moral standards on social behavior . Founded as one of Organizations of the Iranian Revolution in 1979 , it was eventually merged with Shahrbani and Gendarmerie to form Law Enforcement Force of Islamic Republic of Iran ( NAJA ) in 1991 .
References
Organizations established in 1979
1979 establishments in Iran
Islamic religious police
Defunct law enforcement agencies
Revolutionary institutions of the Islamic Republic of Iran
Sharia in Iran
Marte Høie Gjefsen ( born 6 March 1989 ) is a Norwegian freestyle skier . They represented Norway at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver . Gjefsen placed first in the World Cup competition in ski cross in Canada 20 January 2010 .
They won the gold medal in Women 's Skier X at the 2012 Winter X Games in Aspen , Colorado .
References
1989 births
Norwegian female freestyle skiers
Olympic freestyle skiers of Norway
Living people
Freestyle skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Freestyle skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
X Games athletes
Sportspeople from Lillehammer
Hector Cameron , ( June 3 , 1832 – November 2 , 1896 ) was a lawyer and political figure in Ontario , Canada . They represented Victoria North in the House of Commons of Canada from 1875 to 1887 as a Conservative member .
They were born in Montreal , the son of Kenneth Cameron and Christian Selby . Cameron was the nephew of John Cameron who had served in the assembly for the Province of Canada . They were educated at King 's College London , Trinity College Dublin and the University of Toronto . Cameron was called to the bar in 1854 . In 1860 , they married Clara Boswell . In 1872 , they were named Queen 's Counsel . They practised law in Toronto . Cameron was an unsuccessful candidate for the House of Commons in 1867 , 1872 , 1874 and a subsequent by-election held in 1874 . The election of James Maclennan in 1874 was overturned and Cameron was declared elected in 1875 . They were elected again in 1878 and 1882 but defeated by John Augustus Barron when they ran for reelection in 1887 . Cameron was a director of the Huron and Quebec Railway . They died in Cobourg at the age of 64 .
References
1832 births
1896 deaths
Alumni of King 's College London
University of Toronto alumni
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Conservative Party of Canada ( 1867–1942 ) MPs
Canadian Queen 's Counsel
Squadron Leader Charles Robert Davidson MC ( 1896 – 21 May 1936 ) was a Scottish World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Biography
World War I
Having served as a cadet in the Officers Training Corps Davidson was commissioned as a temporary second lieutenant in the Highland Light Infantry on 17 October 1914 . They were seconded to the Royal Flying Corps in March 1916 , initially as an observer , before being appointed a flying officer on 5 June 1917 .
Davidson was posted to No . 14 Squadron in the Middle East , scoring their first victory with them , by driving down an enemy observation plane out of control at Beit Hanun on 23 September 1917 , while flying a Vickers Bullet . They then transferred to No . 111 Squadron when it was founded as the fighter unit for the Middle East , and scored their second win on 4 October in a two-seater Bristol F.2 Fighter , which they also used for four more wins , between 17 and 29 December 1917 . For one of these triumphs , fellow ace Frederick John Knowles manned the guns in the rear seat . Davidson 's final score was three enemy planes forced to land and then destroyed , and three driven down out of control . They left 111 Squadrons on 9 January 1918 .
Listed as wounded on 7 February 1918 , Davidson was promoted to lieutenant on 4 March 1918 . In April 1918 their award of the Military Cross was gazetted , the citation reading :
Second Lieutenant ( Temporary Lieutenant ) Charles Robert Davidson , Highland Light Infantry , and Royal Flying Corps .
For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty . They forced a hostile aeroplane to land , and , descending to a low altitude , despite heavy rifle fire , shot down one of the occupants as they were escaping from the machine . On two later occasions , they forced an enemy machine to land , and drove down another , which was last seen diving into country in which it was impossible to land . Finally , though their ankle was fractured by a bullet during an air combat , they landed without injury either to their observer or their machine .
Post-war career
On 1 August 1919 Davidson was granted a permanent commission as a lieutenant in the RAF , resigning their Army commission in the Highland Light Infantry the same day . They were promoted to flight lieutenant in the King 's New Years Honours , 1 January 1923 .
Davidson was posted to No . 20 Squadron , based in India , on 23 November 1923 then to the Headquarters of RAF India on 8 July 1927 .
They took part in Pinks War in Waziristan . Their Medals include the India Star with the Clasp Waziristan which was only awarded to those who took part in Pink 's war .
They returned to the UK and was posted to the RAF Depot , Uxbridge , on 4 December 1928 . On 10 June 1929 they were posted to No . 4 Squadron , based at South Farnborough , and on 11 March 1931 was promoted to squadron leader .
Davidson was part of the RAF team that beat the Army in the Inter-Services Golf Championship held at West Hill in Woking in April 1931 . On 5 June 1931 they were appointed to serve at the headquarters of RAF Transjordan and Palestine , based in Jerusalem , finally returning to the UK to serve as a flying instructor at No . 2 Flying Training School , based at RAF Digby , from 15 October 1934 .
Death
Davidson was killed at RAF Digby on 21 May 1936 when they crashed in the Mignet HM.14 `` Flying Flea '' aircraft ( registered on 4 February 1936 as G-AEBS ) that they had built themselves in the air station workshops . The `` Flying Flea '' was designed as a cheap and simple self-built aircraft for flying enthusiasts , but had a fatal flaw in its design , that could cause the aircraft to go into an uncontrollable dive if the pilot pushed the nose down to prevent a stall . Davidson was the third British pilot to die in a `` Flying Flea '' crash within a month , and the aircraft was eventually banned in the UK .
Squadron Leader Davidson is buried at the Church of the Holy Cross , Scopwick , Lincolnshire .
Personal Life
They Married Doris Davidson ( née Heilbron ) Daughter of Joseph Heilbron of Breda Holland . Doris Davidson did not remarry following Charles 's Death
References
Notes
Bibliography
1896 births
1936 deaths
Scottish military personnel
British Army personnel of World War I
Highland Light Infantry officers
Scottish airmen
Royal Flying Corps officers
British World War I flying aces
Scottish flying aces
Recipients of the Military Cross
Royal Air Force squadron leaders
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in England
Rif Dimashq Governorate ( , , literally , the `` Governorate of the Countryside of Damascus '' , Damascus Suburb ) is one of the fourteen governorates ( provinces ) of Syria . It is situated in the southwestern part of the country . It borders the governorates of Quneitra , Daraa and al-Suwayda ( comprising the historic Hauran region ) in the southwest , Homs in the north , Lebanon in the west and Jordan in the south .
The Governorate completely surrounds the city-governorate of Damascus and it has an area of 18,032 km² and a population of 2,273,074 ( 2004 census ) .
The Governorate was a major site of fighting in the Syrian Civil War - see Rif Dimashq Governorate campaign .
Districts
The governorate is divided into ten districts ( manatiq ) . The districts are further divided into 37 sub-districts ( nawahi ) . There were nine districts until February 2009 , when Qudsaya District was created from parts of Markaz Rif Dimashq and Al-Zabadani districts . There is a small village belonging to the Damascus countryside ( Ghouta ) called Aqraba , which is characterized by its fields and agricultural orchards . ( nawahi ) . The governorate 's total population ( as of the 2004 census ) is 2,273,074 .
Markaz Rif Dimashq District ( 6 sub-districts ; population : 837,804 )
Al-Kiswah Subdistrict
Babbila Subdistrict
Jaramana Subdistrict
Al-Malihah Subdistrict
Kafr Batna Subdistrict
Arbin Subdistrict
Darayya District ( 3 sub-districts ; population : 260,961 )
Darayya Subdistrict
Sahnaya Subdistrict
al-Hajar al-Aswad Subdistrict
Douma District ( 7 sub-districts ; population : 433,719 )
Douma Subdistrict
Harasta Subdistrict
Al-Sabe ' Biyar Subdistrict
Al-Dumayr Subdistrict
Al-Nashabiyah Subdistrict
Al-Ghizlaniyah Subdistrict
Harran al-Awamid Subdistrict
An-Nabek District ( 3 sub-districts ; population : 80,001 )
An-Nabek Subdistrict
Deir Atiyah Subdistrict
Qara Subdistrict
Qatana District ( 3 sub-districts ; population : 207,245 )
Qatana Subdistrict
Beit Jen Subdistrict
Sa'sa ' Subdistrict
Qudsaya District ( 3 sub-districts ; population : 105,974 ) *
Qudsaya Subdistrict
Al-Dimas Subdistrict
Ain al-Fijah Subdistrict
Al-Qutayfah District ( 4 sub-districts ; population : 119,283 )
Al-Qutayfah Subdistrict
Jayroud Subdistrict
Maaloula Subdistrict
Ar-Ruhaybah Subdistrict
Al-Tall District ( 3 sub-districts ; population : 115,937 )
al-Tall Subdistrict
Saidnaya Subdistrict
Rankous Subdistrict
Yabroud District ( 2 sub-districts ; population : 48,370 )
Yabroud Subdistrict
Assal al-Ward Subdistrict
Al-Zabadani District ( 3 sub-districts ; population : 63,780 )
Al-Zabadani Subdistrict
Madaya Subdistrict
Serghaya Subdistrict
* - a newly-created district since 2009 , formerly belonging to Markaz Rif Dimashq District and parts of Al-Zabadani District
References
Governorates of Syria
Lyudmila Vasilyevna Konovalova ( ; born 7 June 1968 ) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1968 births
Living people
Russian women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Russia
Basketball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Soviet women 's basketball players
Caren Beth Cooper is an American professor and scholar at North Carolina State University , citizen science advocate , and author of two books on citizen science . Them doctoral dissertation addressed the effects of habitat fragmentation on the Australian passerine . Them scientific publications concentrate primarily on ornithology as well as citizen science contributions to science and diversity , equity , and inclusion in underserved communities .
Biography
Cooper was born in New York and grew up in multiple locations in the South , including Chapel Hill , North Carolina . There , they developed an interest in animals , particularly birds . They decided against a career in veterinary medicine and instead chose field studies .
In 2007-2008 , Cooper served as chair of Kol Haverim , the Finger Lakes Community for Humanistic Judaism in Ithaca , New York .
Education
Cooper received a Bachelor of Science degree in zoology in 1988 ; a Master 's in zoology and physiology from the University of Wyoming in 1993 , and a PhD from Virginia Tech in 2000 . They also spent 13 years conducting research and advancing citizen science at the Cornell Lab of Ornithology .
Career
Academic career
Since January 2019 , Cooper has worked at North Carolina State University , where they are an Associate Professor in Forestry and Environmental Resources . They are a University Faculty Scholar , and is a member of the Chancellor 's Faculty Excellence Cluster for Leadership in Public Science . Much of their work is dedicated to developing public science programs that focus volunteers on generating `` large-scale data to study and visualize the interactions between social and ecological systems . '' They emphasize equity , diversity , and inclusion in their efforts to educate the public about citizen science . Cooper coauthored a paper in the journal Science that explored these themes in more detail . The paper subsequently led to National Science Foundation funding of A Conference on Equity , Diversity , and Inclusion in Citizen Science , an ongoing program to be conducted between September 15 , 2021 and August 31 , 2022 .
During their time at NC State , Cooper has become faculty advisor to the university 's first citizen science club . They also helped design the NestWatch , Celebrate Urban Birds , and YardMap citizen science projects for the Cornell Lab of Ornithology . They contributed to and helps lead a successful $ 300,000 National Science Foundation grant to build citizen science capacity at underserved communities with the goal of improving public health and well-being .
They served as assistant director of the Biodiversity Research Lab at the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences . In 2011 , they became a Senior Fellow for the Environmental Leadership Program ( ELP ) .
Guest lecturing
In 2020 , Cooper gave the British Trust for Ornithology 's Witherby Memorial Lecture . On March 17 , 2018 , they gave the Paul F-Brandwein Lecture at the National Science Teachers Association Annual Meeting in Atlanta . They presented a lecture at the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) annual meeting in Chicago in 2014 , where they discussed how citizen science and contribute to political improvements .
Writings
In 2016 , Cooper published the book Citizen Science : How Ordinary People are Changing the Face of Discovery , which discussed the roles , impact , and potential of citizen science . In 2020 , they coauthored The Field Guide to Citizen Science : How You Can Contribute to Scientific Research and Make a Difference with Darlene Cavalier and Catherine Hoffman , which discusses ways that individuals can get involved in citizen science .
From 2012 to 2016 , they wrote a guest blog for Scientific American , discussing the need to incorporate citizen inputs into scientific practices , policy , and activism .
Cooper is one of the founding editors-in-chief for online journal Citizen Science Theory and Practice , a peer-reviewed , scholarly journal sponsored by the Citizen Science Association that focuses on the practices and outcomes generated by citizen science . They currently serve as the journal 's Special Collections Associate Editor . They have also contributed papers to PLOS One .
They also wrote as a blogger for Discover Magazine .
Organisational affiliations
Cooper is co-chair of the International Science Council 's Committee on Data ( CODATA ) task group on citizen science , known as Citizen Science and the Validation , Curation , and Management of Crowdsourced Data ( with WDS ) .
Other projects
As a principal investigator , Cooper has led multiple projects with citizen science inputs . They head the CrowdTheTap project , which is an EPA-funded effort to promote access to safe drinking water by helping individuals and groups investigate pipe materials delivering drinking water to homes . Educators and private citizens input and access data through the project 's website [ Ibid . ] or SciStarter.org . They also serve as the P.I . for Sound Around Town , a citizen science project designed to study noise levels in urban environments and how they affect people . The project supports the National Park Service 's National Sound Map . Additionally , they lead the SparrowSwap project , which collects and studies house sparrow eggs ; house sparrows are a non-native , invasive species .
Media appearances
Cooper has been interviewed many times on the subject of citizen science . These interviews include Yale Environment 360 and Science Friday ; the `` How on Earth '' radio program on KGNU radio in Boulder , Colorado ; the Association of Science and Technology Centers ' ASTC On Air online program the `` Speaking of Science '' online radio program ; The Science Show with Robyn Williams presented by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ; the Sierra Club 's magazine Sierra ; and the online educational program Lab Out Loud . In addition , they were profiled by Animal Behavior Associates , Inc. 's online `` Chat with CAABS . ''
References
North Carolina State University faculty
Scientists from New York ( state )
Women ornithologists
American ornithologists
21st-century American women scientists
Virginia Tech alumni
University of Wyoming alumni
21st-century American zoologists
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Félix Pérez Cardozo ( 20 November 1908 – 9 June 1952 ) was a Paraguayan harpist .
Pérez Cardozo died on June 9 , 1952 in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Beginnings
Pérez Cardozo was born to Teodoro Pérez and Cándida Rosa Cardozo in the small town of Hyaty in the state of Guairá .
As is common amongst musicians of the Paraguayan countryside , Pérez Cardozo learned the basics of playing from other harpists , without seeking tutelage from any one master .
They were part of a paradigmatic trio consisting of one harp and two guitars , along with Ampelio Villalba and Diosnel Chase . They received support from the poet Pedro José Carlés , with whom they traveled to the Paraguayan capital city Asunción in 1928 . During this time they would play at folk music festivals organized in the `` Teatro Granados '' by Aristóbulo `` Nonón '' Domínguez , as well as in night clubs .
In 1931 they and their band left for Buenos Aires , Argentina , where most of their artistic career took place . They were the first of a long list of Paraguayan musicians that would consequently succeed in the Argentine capital for more than half a century .
Career
In a short period of time , the individualistic style of Pérez Cardozo 's interpretations of various compositions quickly gained them wide public recognition . They were a member of several bands until in 1945 they formed their own group . They enjoyed huge fame in Buenos Aires and throughout all the Río de la Plata area . Their success was such that a street in Mendoza was named after him .
Family
They married the Argentinian Victoria Sanchez - with whom they had three children : Angela Rosa , Bienbenida and Victor .
Works
Among their greatest harp compositions are found :
`` Guyra campana ''
`` Carreta guýpe '' , ( debajo de la carreta )
`` Jataity ''
`` Llegada ''
`` Mi despedida ''
`` Angela Rosa ''
`` Che vallemi Hyaty ''
`` Che vallemi Yaguarón ''
`` En tí hallé consuelo ''
`` Tren lechero ''
`` El sueño de Angelita ''
They wrote music for various verses of distinguished poets such as Víctor Montórfano ( `` Tetagua sapukái '' , a true anthem in which `` grito del pueblo '' ( the shout of the people ) claims better days for Paraguay ) Antonio Ortiz Mayans ( `` Burrerita '' , `` Pasionaria '' , `` Puntanita '' , `` Asunceña '' y `` Taperé '' ) , ( `` Rosa '' ) , Rigoberto Fontao Meza ( `` El arriero '' ) , Andrés Pereira ( `` Mariposa mi '' ) , the Argentine Hilario Cuadros ( `` Los sesenta granaderos '' , known throughout Argentina as a very popular Anthem . ) , also the most important poet of Paraguayan history Emiliano R. Fernández , whose piece is seen as a pillar of Paraguayan epic music due to the rhythmic power , melodic beauty and patriotic content of the following texts ( `` 1º de Marzo '' , `` Che la reina ( Ahama che china ) '' , and the lovable song ( `` Oda pasional '' , `` Oñondiveminte '' ) , ( `` Desde la selva '' y `` Primavera '' ) .Likewise `` Caaguy ryakua '' , `` Isla Pukú '' , the recompilation of `` Jaha che ndive '' , `` Lui ryevu '' , `` Misiones '' .
Later years
The great `` mitá guazú '' ( big boy ) died suddenly in Buenos Aires , Argentina , on 9 June 1952 . Atahualpa Yupanki , a fundamental icon of inspirational folk music and poetry in this century in Argentina , sang `` Canción del arpa dormida '' in their honor ( set to music by Herminio Giménez )
See also
List of harpists
References
Centro Cultural de la República El Cabildo
Diccionario Biográfico `` FORJADORES DEL PARAGUAY '' , Primera Edición Enero de 2000 . Distribuidora Quevedo de Ediciones . Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Lorenzo Manlio Paris ( 2008 ) `` Félix Perez Cardozo , su vida y su música '' Editorial ServiLibro , Asunción , Paraguay
Luis Szaran ( 2007 ) Diccionario de la Música Paraguaya '' Edicción de la Jesuitenmission , Nuremberg , Germany
External links
Melodías Paraguayas
Staff
Musicas Paraguayas
Paraguayan harpists
1908 births
1952 deaths
The blood-colored woodpecker ( Veniliornis sanguineus ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae , the woodpeckers , piculets , and wrynecks . It is found only in the Guianan countries of Guyana , Suriname , and French Guiana , on the Atlantic shoreline region in a narrow coastal strip , 140–180 km wide .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical mangrove forests , and heavily degraded former forest . It is a fairly common species with a restricted range , but the population seems stable and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
Description
The blood-colored woodpecker is a distinctively-coloured small woodpecker with a length of . The mantle , back and rump are crimson with some olive shading , and the upper sides of the wings are red apart from the main flight feathers which are brown . The face , sides of the neck , ear-coverts and throat are brown and the underparts and underwings are brown or grey , finely barred with white or buff . The tail is chocolate-brown . The male has a crimson crown and nape , streaked with brown , while the female has a brown or grey crown . The iris is chestnut , the beak pale grey and the legs grey . The juvenile resembles the adult but is rather browner .
Distribution and habitat
The blood-colored woodpecker is endemic to the lowland coastal forests of northern South America . Its range includes Guyana and Surinam , and possibly French Guiana ; its status in the latter is unclear as it hybridises with the little woodpecker ( Veniliornis passerinus ) where their ranges overlap . It is typically found in swampy and riverine forests , coastal mangrove forests , wooded savannah , cacao and coffee plantations , parks and occasionally gardens .
Ecology
This woodpecker forages alone or in pairs at all levels of the canopy , but especially at low levels in bushes and mangroves , feeding on ants , beetles and other small invertebrates . The nesting hole is excavated within two metres of the ground by both male and female and may take two months to prepare . Breeding occurs throughout the year and both parents are involved in rearing the young .
References
External links
`` Blood-colored woodpecker '' photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res -- ( Close-up )
Photo-High Res -- ( Male ) ; Article antpitta.com – `` Picidae : Photo Gallery ''
blood-colored woodpecker
Birds of the Guianas
blood-colored woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is one of the private junior Colleges located at Sakura , Chiba in Japan . It is one of the 149 junior colleges in Japan set up in 1950 when the junior college system started . It consists of one department now .
Department and Graduate Course
Departments
Department of Child care
See also
List of junior colleges in Japan
Keiai University
External links
Chiba Keiai Junior College
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Japanese junior colleges
Universities and colleges in Chiba Prefecture
Robert Muir may refer to :
Robert Muir ( pathologist ) ( 1864–1959 ) , Scottish pathologist
Robert Muir ( politician ) ( 1919–2011 ) , Canadian politician
Robbie Muir ( footballer ) ( born 1953 ) , Australian rules footballer
Bob Muir ( coach ) , American swimming coach in the International Swimming Hall of Fame
Bob Muir ( footballer ) ( 1907–1973 ) , Australian rules footballer
Bob Muir ( racing driver ) , Australian Bathurst 1000 race car driver
Bobby Muir , Scottish footballer
Robert Andrew Muir ( 1821–1904 ) , Australian merchant and politician
The Emigh A-2 Trojan was an American single-engined cabin cantilever monoplane designed and built by the Emigh Trojan Aircraft Company of Douglas , Arizona .
Design and development
The A-2 had side-by-side seating in an enclosed cabin for a pilot and passenger . Of all metal construction it had a fixed tricycle landing gear and was powered by a Continental A90 flat-four piston engine . Many major components of the aircraft were designed to be interchangeable to simplify and lower manufacturing costs . The vertical and horizontal stabilizers where interchange able as well as the rudder and elevators . A symmetrical section of the wing was interchangeable and the upper and lower fuselage skins were also identical . A total of 58 Trojans had been completed when production ceased in 1950 .
Specifications
References
Notes
Bibliography
1940s United States civil utility aircraft
Low-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1946
New York University Abu Dhabi ( NYUAD , ) is a degree granting , portal campus of New York University serving as a private , liberal arts college , located in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Together with New York University in New York City and New York University Shanghai , the portal campus is part of NYU 's Global Network University . It opened in 2008 at a temporary site for conferences and cultural events . The academic program opened in September 2010 at the university 's provisional downtown site ; it was later moved in 2014 to the permanent campus built on Saadiyat Island , Abu Dhabi .
In 2021 , the university welcomed 530 new entrants from the Class of 2025 who were selected from more than 17,300 applicants from all over the world ( an acceptance rate about 3 % ) .
The university announced that it had already produced `` 17 Rhodes Scholars since welcoming its first class in 2010 , more Rhodes Scholars per student than any university in the world . ''
Besides Rhodes program , students from NYUAD were also honored with other outstanding awards :
15 Schwarzman Scholars
9 Fulbright Scholars
7 Erasmus Mundus Scholars
6 Yenching Scholars
2 Truman Scholars
one Ertegun Scholar
one Forbes 30 Under 30
one Fundação Estudar Scholar ( Líderes Estudar )
one Aker Scholar
History and background
In October 2007 , New York University announced its intention to open a complete branch campus in Abu Dhabi , financed by the government of the United Arab Emirates . New York University planned the Abu Dhabi campus , and the funding mainly came from the UAE government .
The school was first opened in 2008 on a site in downtown Abu Dhabi , where it held various public events such as academic conferences , workshops , and performances . Alfred Bloom , former president of Swarthmore College , was appointed to lead NYU Abu Dhabi as vice chancellor in September 2008 . NYU Abu Dhabi accepted its first class of 150 students in September 2010 . As of 2010 , the college offered liberal arts and science subjects , including engineering . It welcomed Mariët Westermann , former vice president at The Andrew W. Mellon Foundation , former provost of NYU Abu Dhabi , former director of NYU 's Institute of Fine Arts , and art historian , as a second Vice Chancellor in August 2019
New York University moved the Abu Dhabi campus to a new site in 2014 in the Marina district of Saadiyat Island . It was designed by Rafael Viñoly , an Uruguayan architect , and built by Al-Futtaim Carillion . NYU eventually plans to have 2,000 students on campus . The university plans to open a graduate school and make the school a center for research .
President Bill Clinton , the 42nd President of the United States and founder of Clinton Foundation , was the keynote speaker at NYU Abu Dhabi 's inaugural commencement ceremony
for 140 graduates held on May 25 , 2014 .
Campus and locations
19 Washington Square North
From its location in Greenwich Village , 19 Washington Square North ( 19 WSN ) is the gateway to NYU Abu Dhabi at Washington Square . With a gross 11,400 square-foot , 19 WSN is the academic home for NYUAD students , faculty , and administrators who are living in New York as well as the connection center for the two campuses . Global Network Seminars link students in New York and Abu Dhabi for a shared educational experience . A classroom equipped with videoconference equipment is connected to a similar classroom in Abu Dhabi and enables joint seminars based on exchange and cooperation between NYU students on both campuses . 19 WSN has a media center , conference rooms , classrooms , gallery space , a lounge and office space for NYUAD Staff and Faculty .
Saadiyat Island campus
A permanent campus is on Saadiyat Island within a cultural district for the city that houses the Louvre Abu Dhabi and is also planned to house the Zayed National Museum and the Guggenheim Abu Dhabi museum . Architect Rafael Viñoly was named master planner for the campus , designing it to combine elements of NYU 's Greenwich Village environment and traditional Islamic villages . The pedestrian campus consists of state-of-the-art classrooms , library , and information technology facilities ; laboratories ; academic buildings ; student dormitories ; faculty and residential housing ; and athletic and performance facilities . The campus covers nearly 40 acres and also offers a number of public spaces , including theater and performance halls , an art gallery , conference center , and various retail offerings . The construction costs of the NYUAD Saadiyat Campus were entirely funded by the Abu Dhabi government , as will be the operating costs and any future expansions .
Reports have been made since the beginning of the project of abuse of foreign construction workers at the site , including the arbitrary withholding of wages , unsafe working conditions and failure of the construction companies to pay recruitment fees to laborers . In December 2013 , The Guardian wrote , in a multi-part report , that conditions for the foreign workers at the construction site for the campus amount to modern-day slavery .
Academics
As a liberal arts college and research university , NYU Abu Dhabi offers 25 majors in the area of Arts and Humanities , Social Sciences , Science , and Engineering that culminate into a B.A . or B.S . degree . As a prerequisite for graduation , students are required to take courses from the core curriculum , which encompasses topics in world literature , social studies , arts and natural science . Over their college years , undergraduates take three 3-week courses in January that count toward their graduation requirement . Students ' education also includes a capstone project in their senior year , a project similar to a senior thesis . Additionally , students are encouraged to study up to two semesters at New York University 's Global Network sites in Accra , Berlin , Buenos Aires , Florence , London , Madrid , Paris , Prague and Shanghai . The university further provides regional study trips within the United Arab Emirates and to countries in Africa , Middle East and Western Asia .
See the table with Major and Minor options :
Selected graduates of NYU Abu Dhabi will be offered special considerations to enroll at New York University 's graduate professional schools and programs .
The university also offers graduate and executive education programs : 11 global PhD fellowship programs and 2 master 's programs .
Admissions
The university has a small and diverse student body , with a total student enrollment of about 670 in 2014 . The first class ( class of 2014 ) consisted of 148 students from 40 countries . The class of 2015 is made up of 161 students from 60 countries . The class of 2016 is made up of 151 students from 65 countries . The class of 2022 is made up of 389 students from 84 countries . The number of applications to NYUAD has grown rapidly , with 15,520 individuals submitting dual NYU Abu Dhabi and NYU New York applications and 2,470 primary NYUAD applications .
Nowadays , NYU Abu Dhabi has a student body with more than 115 nationalities that speak more than 115 languages .
The university has committed to ensuring students and their families take on no debt in financing their education . In order to commit to this principle , the university practices need-blind admissions .
Student life
NYUAD has over 60 student groups , providing a variety of opportunities for student involvement outside of the classroom . Categories include Academic and Professional ; Art , Literature , and Media ; Cooking and Food ; Culture and Religious ; Music and Performance ; Outreach and Engagement ; Environment and Sustainability ; Recreational ; Technology ; and Sports and Athletics .
NYUAD also boasts a weekly student newspaper The Gazelle , founded in 2013 by Alistair Blacklock and Amanda Randone .
Athletics and recreation
NYU Abu Dhabi is the home of the Desert Falcons sports teams and competes in the Abu Dhabi Inter-University Sports League ( ADISL ) which runs from October through May and sees competitive play for men 's and women 's teams against other Abu Dhabi universities in football ( soccer ) , basketball , table tennis , cricket , volleyball , and badminton .
NYU Abu Dhabi 's campus has modern , competitive level sports and recreation facilities including a 50-meter swimming pool , performance gymnasium and indoor track , fitness center , climbing wall , squash and racquetball courts , football pitch and multi-use fields , an outdoor track , tennis courts , as well as basketball and multi-use courts .
Battle of the Bands at NYUAD
NYU Abu Dhabi started hosting the UAE 's first Battle of the Bands competition in early 2017 .
Faculty and research
NYU Abu Dhabi faculty and researchers come from universities all over the world to work in its multidisciplinary labs and collaborative research centers .
An article in Nature Asia states that NYU Abu Dhabi chemists developed thin films of ‘ smart ' polymers that respond to heat and light , a breakthrough in research that could revolutionize how energy is generated and consumed . The smart materials project is led by award-winning NYU Abu Dhabi Associate Chemistry Professor Pance Naumov , a recipient of the Humboldt Research Award .
NYU Abu Dhabi 's Library of Arabic Literature ( LAL ) offers Arabic editions and English translations of significant works of Arabic literature , with an emphasis on the seventh to nineteenth centuries . In its first three years , LAL published nine volumes — on literature , law , religion , biography , and mysticism — and more are in production . LAL won high praise in an article by the Times Literary Supplement that said , “ …the study and teaching of medieval Arabic thought and literary creativity will be revolutionized ” by the library 's work .
Akkasah Center for Photography at NYU Abu Dhabi collects antique photos from around the Middle East to capture the region 's societal transformation over the last century . In its first year , more than 10,000 photos were curated
NYU Abu Dhabi is an international partner in the XENON100 and XENON1T dark matter experiments taking place at the Gran Sasso Laboratory in Italy . Scientists recorded results that challenge several dark matter models and a longstanding claim of dark matter detection . Papers detailing the results were published in the journals Science and Physical Review Letters . NYU Abu Dhabi Associate Professor of Physics Francesco Arneodo is a collaborating author and leads NYU Abu Dhabi 's XENON research group of graduate students , postdoctoral associates , and student interns .
Collaborating researchers , including scientists from the Center for Global Sea-level Change ( CSLC ) at NYU Abu Dhabi , published a 2014 paper in the journal Nature that found one of the most sensitive and critical areas of the Earth 's ice in West Antarctica is being affected by sea-level changes in the north and tropical Atlantic , which has been warming for over 30 years .
In September 2021 , NYU Abu Dhabi announced the launch of a Strategic Philanthropy Initiative to promote philanthropy within the Middle East and North Africa region .
Notable faculty
Notable current and former faculty include :
Kwame Anthony Appiah , Professor of Philosophy and Law
Thomas H. Bender , Professor of History
Godfried Toussaint , Research Professor of Computer Science
Elias Khoury , Global Distinguished Professor of Modern Arabic Literature
Anthony Kronman , Global Professor , New York University Abu Dhabi
Cyrus Patell , Associate Dean of Humanities
Iván Szelényi , Emeritus Dean of Social Sciences
Werner Sollors , Global Professor of Literature
Eugene Trubowitz , Global Professor of Mathematics
Carol Gilligan , Visiting Professor of Humanities and Applied Psychology
Kevin O'Rourke , Professor of Economics
Robert C. Allen , Professor of Economics
Notable alumni
Shamma Al Bastaki , Emirati visual artist
Mateusz Mach , entrepreneur and investor
Hamda Al Qubaisi , Emirati motorsports racing driver
Community programs
The Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Scholars Program ( SMSP ) is one of two community programs operated by NYU Abu Dhabi . SMSP is intended for undergraduate students at institutes of higher education in the United Arab Emirates other than New York University Abu Dhabi . The other community program is the NYUAD Summer Academy Program which is open to Abu Dhabi-based high school students entering their 11th year . Recipients take academic courses and receive English training and leadership training . They also travel to the United States to see the university 's New York campus .
Controversies
An article appeared in The New York Times regarding labor violations during construction , with workers complaining of their passports being confiscated and of being charged a year 's wages in advance to work for little money in poor conditions . Such criticisms have been described as `` one of the factors at play in a faculty vote of no-confidence in President John Sexton 's leadership in 2013 [ and ] Sexton retiring as president in 2016 . ''
In March 2015 , NYU professor Andrew Ross was prevented from boarding a plane to NYU Abu Dhabi , prompting them to decry what they felt was an attack on their academic freedom . As they told Slate magazine , `` If someone with my kind of profile and especially my official position ... can be treated this way , what is the value of the protections that are promised for less high-profile faculty in Abu Dhabi ? ... My passage to and from the UAE is supposed to be protected , and we 've been told by our administration that they have agreements with our Abu Dhabi partners about protecting academic freedoms , and now it turns out that they really do n't have that kind of influence . ”
Additionally , there have been debates about how LGBTQ students , Jewish/Israeli students , and other groups of students are treated at NYU Abu Dhabi . For example , as the editorial board of one of NYU 's student newspapers wrote , `` over the years , many have expressed concerns about discrimination against gay students at NYU Abu Dhabi . ''
See also
Americans in the United Arab Emirates
References
External links
2010 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Universities and colleges in the Emirate of Abu Dhabi
Educational institutions established in 2010
Season 1885–86 was the eleventh season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level , entering the Scottish Cup for the eleventh time .
Overview
Hearts reached the second round of the Scottish Cup and were knocked out by Edinburgh rivals Hibs . They had to play their first round tie twice due to a protest by St Bernard 's they won both games .
Results
Scottish Cup
FA Cup
Edinburgh Shield
Rosebery Charity Cup
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C . seasons
References
Statistical Record 85-86
External links
Official Club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C . seasons
Hearts
Chemical Chords is the ninth studio album by English-French rock band Stereolab , released on 18 August 2008 by 4AD and Duophonic Records .
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album 's liner notes .
Stereolab
Tim Gane – guitar , bass , drums
Lætitia Sadier – vocals
Simon Johns – bass
Andy Ramsay – drums , drum machine , electronics
Joe Walters – French horn
Joe Watson – keyboards , vibraphone , electronics , drums
Additional musicians
Steve Hamilton – brass
Sally Herbert – strings
Marcus Holdaway – strings
Dave Liddell – brass
Laura Melhuish – strings
Sean O'Hagan – string and brass arrangements
Brian Wright – strings
Production
Bo Kondren ( credited as `` Bo '' ) – mastering
Hans Schaaf ( credited as `` Hans '' ) – mastering ( assistant )
Stereolab ( credited as `` The Groop '' ) – mixing
Joe Watson – mixing , recording
Design
House – artwork
Charts
References
External links
2008 albums
Stereolab albums
4AD albums
The wrinkle test ( attributed as O'Riain 's or Leukens ' wrinkle test ) is a test of peripheral nerve function . The fingers are placed in warm water for approximately 10 minutes . If the fingers do not wrinkle , this is a sign of denervation .
See also
Nerve conduction study
References
Neurophysiology
Physical examination
Dr. Purnima Sinha ( 12 October 1927 – 11 July 2015 ) was an Indian physicist and was one of the first Bengali women to receive a doctorate in physics . They did tremendous work in the field of x-ray crystallography of clay minerals . They were raised by a progressive family in a traditional era . They were able to further their education and led a life where they were able to pursue their passion of physics and engage in an artistic activity such as singing , painting , and writing .
Early life
Purnima was born into a progressive family on 12 October 1927 as the youngest daughter of Dr. Nares Chandra Sen-Gupta who was a constitutional lawyer and a progressive writer who had written over sixty-five books and several essays in Bengali as well as in English , some of them on women 's education . They believed in equal rights for men and women . They married the eminent anthropologist professor Surajit Chandra Sinha , former vice-chancellor , Visva-Bharati University who made significant contributions to understanding the process of acculturation of tribal peoples in India . Them Daughters Supurna Sinha and Sukanya Sinha are both physicists at Raman Research Institute and Indian Statistical Institute respectively . With their husband , they also started an informal school – Mela Mesha r Pathshala in Shantiniketan for tribal children .
Education and career
Purnima 's early education started in Lake School for girls , in Kolkata , which was founded by their elder sister Sushama Sengupta . They then attended Asutosh College , followed by the Scottish Church College , and finally the prestigious Rajabazar Science College , University of Calcutta . They were the first woman to earn a PhD in Physics from Calcutta University , in 1956 . A protégé of Professor Satyendra Nath Bose , the celebrated theoretical physicist known for their work in quantum mechanics , they set many benchmarks as a scientist while also indulging their creative talents as an artist , writer and a musician . Them own artistic interests are varied and include learning Hindustani classical music from Yamini Ganguly , and painting from the well-known painter Gopal Ghosh . They have also taken tabla lessons from Pandit Jnan Prakash Ghosh . Them other talents include sculpting and painting . Purnima 's career in science spans many decades . They earned their doctorate in x-ray crystallography of clay minerals . They received their doctorate from the University of Calcutta as a student of the Rajabazar Science College in 1956–7 , under the guidance of professor Satyendra Nath Bose . They have the distinction of being the first Bengali woman to receive a doctorate in physics .
At the start of joining Professor Satyendra Nath Bose , they had scoured surplus army equipment sold as scrap on the footpaths of Calcutta after the Second World War . Purnima Sinha was looking for spare parts to build the X-ray equipment they needed for their doctoral research . We must remember that X-ray techniques were being applied to unravel DNA structure on other side of the globe around 1953 . Most interestingly their research was funded by Assam Oil Company ( research-industry collaboration in that era was unheard of ) . Not only did they build it , but they also went on to study different types of clay from all over India . Later on , Dr Sinha joined the Biophysics Department at Stanford University 's ‘ Origin of Life ' project , which had an interface with their work . They compared the X-ray structure of clay with DNA patterns , geometrically , and was fascinated to find a connection .
Publications
They had written extensively on many subjects in both English and Bengali . They had also been a regular contributor to Jnan O Bijnan ( Knowledge and Science ) , a scientific journal in the Bengali vernacular published by Bangiya Bijnan Parishad ( Bengal Science Association ) , founded by Satyendra Nath Bose . Recently Bangiya Bigyan Parishad awarded and felicitated them for popularizing science in Bengali , a passion they shared with their teacher . They translated Erwin Schrödinger 's Mind And Matter into Bengali in 1990 . They wrote a book An Approach to the Study of Indian Music in 1970 and articles about folk music based on folk music recordings done in the field by their husband and them during anthropological field studies in the tribal regions of Purulia in West Bengal . They wrote an analytical article ‘ Jarawa Songs and Vedic Chant : A Comparison of Melodic Pattern ' in The Journal of Asiatic Society in 2005 based on their field trip to the Andaman Islands in 1988 .
They have written extensively on Satyendra Nath Bose and the works on them are :
Bijnan Sadhanar Dharay Satyendranath Bose , a book published by Visva Vidya Sangraha .
Amar Katha , a book published by Bangiya Bijnan Parishad .
, article published in Desh
Other interests
They enjoyed singing , painting , writing , and reading books . They had a large , rare collection of books and journals at home . At the age of 80 , they continued to enjoy meeting people , conversing and reminiscing . When they joined the Central Glass and Ceramic Research Institute , Dr Sinha continued their work on clay minerals and ceramic colours . Amazingly , they also moulded the material that they studied in artistic ways and learned clay modelling . When not indulging their creative pursuits , Dr Sinha was translating science books into Bengali .
References
1927 births
Indian women physicists
Bengali physicists
Bengali Hindus
20th-century Indian physicists
Articles created or expanded during Women 's History Month ( India ) - 2014
Asutosh College alumni
Scottish Church College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Indian Institute of Science alumni
Women scientists from West Bengal
X-ray crystallography
Scientists from Kolkata
20th-century Indian women scientists
2015 deaths
`` Botch-a-Me '' is a popular song , written in 1940 . The original Italian version ( `` Ba-Ba-Baciami Piccina '' ) by Alberto Rabagliati was written by Riccardo Morbelli ( words ) and Luigi Astore ( music ) . English lyrics were written by Eddie Stanley . Baciami in Italian means `` kiss me '' .
The song was popularized by Rosemary Clooney in 1952 . The recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 39767 . The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on June 20 , 1952 and lasted 17 weeks on the chart , peaking at number two .
References
1940 songs
1952 singles
Rosemary Clooney songs
Heneage Finch ( 1793–1850 ) was a 19th-century surveyor . They are known for their surveying work in the Colony of New South Wales , Australia .
Life
Heneage born on 20 September 1793 in Surrey , England . They were the second son of Vice Admiral William Clement Finch ( 1758-1794 ) and Mary Brouncker . In 1815 , they completed their studies in Mathematics at Christ Church , Oxford .
They married Elizabeth Foster on 9 January 1818 at Islington , England . They left Gravesend on 2 October 1824 on the Grenada , with their wife , and they arrived in Sydney on 23 January 1825 . Finch started in the Survey Office on 2 February 1825 .
They were granted along the Great North Road , which they named `` Laguna '' .
Heneage died on 19 September 1850 at Hoxton Park , New South Wales from injuries after being gored by a bull .
Mount Finch ( elevation 365m ) and Finch County in New South Wales are named after him .
References
1793 births
1850 deaths
Alumni of Christ Church , Oxford
People from Surrey
People from New South Wales
Patrick Agyemang ( born 29 September 1980 ) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward .
Agyemang began their career at Wimbledon , progressing through the club 's youth system . They were loaned out to Brentford in October 1999 for three months , before returning to their parent club . Agyemang went on to play regularly for Wimbledon for the next four seasons . They joined Gillingham in January 2004 , spending ten months with the club . They signed for Preston North End in November 2004 for a fee of £350,000 . They spent four seasons at Preston , before joining Queens Park Rangers in 2008 . They were part of the QPR team that earned promotion to the Premier League during the 2010–11 season .
During the 2011–12 season , Agyemang was loaned out to Championship club Millwall on a one-month loan deal . They were loaned out for a second time in January 2012 , this time joining Stevenage until the end of the 2011–12 season . Agyemang signed for Stevenage on a permanent basis in August 2012 . In February 2013 , they joined Portsmouth on loan for the rest of the campaign . They signed for the club permanently in May 2013 , and during their two-year spell there was loaned out to Dagenham & Redbridge . They retired from playing in the summer of 2015 , although they briefly played for non-League Baffins Milton Rovers and Cray Valley Paper Mills . Born in England , Agyemang qualified to play for the Ghana national team through their ancestry , earning two caps and scoring one goal .
Club career
Wimbledon
Agyemang left school at the age of 16 and was offered academy scholarships by Wimbledon and Charlton Athletic . They opted to sign for Wimbledon as they had a reputation for giving their academy players first-team opportunities . Prior to making their Wimbledon first-team debut , Agyemang was loaned out to Brentford on a three-month loan agreement during the 1999–2000 season . They made their Brentford debut in a 2–1 home defeat to Gillingham on 19 October 1999 , coming on as a 56th-minute substitute in the match . Agyemang made 12 appearances for the club during the three-month spell , of which three were starting appearances . Whilst they did not score during their time at Brentford , Agyemang stated they gained a lot of confidence from their performances . They returned to Wimbledon in January 2000 .
The 2000–01 season served as Agyemang 's breakthrough season at Wimbledon , starting the first game of the season , a 0–0 home draw with Tranmere Rovers . Agyemang played regularly during the campaign , and they scored their first professional goal in a 2–2 away draw against Wycombe Wanderers on 17 February 2001 . The goal served as the catalyst for a run of five goals in nine appearances for Agyemang . The following season , Agyemang scored four goals in 35 games as Wimbledon finished in ninth place in Division One . Agyemang scored six goals in 36 games during the 2002–03 season . They finished the 2003–04 season as Wimbledon 's top goalscorer for the campaign despite only being there for the first half of the season , scoring seven goals in all competitions .
Gillingham
Due to Wimbledon 's financial problems , Agyemang was sold to fellow Division One club Gillingham on 2 January 2004 for a fee of £150,000 . Agyemang stated they `` never wanted to leave Wimbledon '' , but understood the financial problems the club were facing . Wimbledon manager Stuart Murdoch revealed they were told they could not play Agyemang in certain games towards the end of their time at the club `` in case injury jeopardised the deal '' , with the club in need of the funds from their sale .
Agyemang made their Gillingham debut in a 2–1 away loss to Derby County on 17 January 2004 , and scored their first goal for the club two weeks later , scoring the only goal of the game as Gillingham beat Bradford City 1–0 at Priestfield . They went on to score a further five goals during the latter stages of the 2003–04 season , which included the first brace of their career against Walsall on 12 April 2004 , as well as the winner against their former employers , Wimbledon . After scoring twice for Gillingham in 14 appearances in the opening months of the 2004–05 campaign , Agyemang attracted the interest of fellow Championship club Preston North End .
Preston North End
Preston announced they had agreed a fee with Gillingham for Agyemang on 14 November 2004 , with the transfer worth in the region of £350,000 . The transfer was officially completed on 16 November 2004 . They made their Preston debut in a 1–0 away win against Cardiff City on 19 November 2004 , playing the first 73 minutes of the match . Agyemang scored their first goal for Preston in the club 's 3–0 home win over Reading on 28 December 2004 . They went on to make 31 appearances in their first season with the Lancashire club , scoring four goals , but ultimately finished the campaign playing a peripheral role behind forwards Richard Cresswell and David Nugent . This included three second-half substitute appearances in the Championship play-offs that season , with Preston losing out on a place in the Premier League following a 1–0 defeat to West Ham in the final . Agyemang featured regularly throughout Preston 's 2005–06 campaign , scoring six times in 49 matches , including playing in both of Preston 's play-off games , with Preston losing by a 3–1 aggregate scoreline to Leeds United . The six goals they scored during the season meant they were the club 's second highest goalscorer for the season .
Agyemang spent the majority of their opening years at Preston making appearances from the substitute 's bench . However , they were a regular starter early in the 2006–07 season . During this time , they scored an overhead kick in a 1–0 home victory against West Brom on 12 September 2006 . The goal was later described as `` one of the best goals seen at Deepdale in the last couple of decades '' , with Preston manager Paul Simpson stating `` only Patrick who could have the nerve to think that could be done '' . They scored seven times in 33 appearances during the campaign , with Preston missing out on the play-offs positions by a point . Agyemang scored four goals in 22 appearances for Preston during the 2007–08 season , including a brace in a 5–1 home victory against Southampton on 2 October 2007 .
Queens Park Rangers
During the 2008 January transfer window , Agyemang was linked with a transfer to Leicester City and Queens Park Rangers , with their Preston contract set to expire in the summer of 2008 . They ultimately signed for Queens Park Rangers , for a nominal fee on 3 January 2008 , on a four-and-a-half year contract . Agyemang made their QPR debut two days after signing for the club , coming on as a second-half substitute in the club 's 1–0 FA Cup defeat away to Chelsea . In the club 's next match , they scored their first goal in a 2–1 away defeat against Sheffield United . They went on to score a further seven goals in five league games . They made 18 appearances for QPR during the second half of the 2007–08 season , scoring nine goals . The 2008–09 season saw Agyemang struggle for starting appearances at QPR , with the forward making twelve starting appearances during the campaign , and 23 appearances in total , scoring two goals .
Agyemang subsequently signed on loan for Championship club Bristol City until the end of the 2009–10 season on 25 January 2010 . They made their first start for Bristol City in a 6–0 home defeat to Cardiff City a day later , and went on to make seven appearances during an injury-hit four months with the club . They returned to QPR for their successful 2010–11 season , scoring their first goal of the season in a 2–2 draw away at Derby County – the goal came in injury time and helped QPR maintain their unbeaten start to the season . A stress fracture of their tibia would ultimately rule Agyemang out for the majority of the season . They went on to make 19 appearances in the league , all of them coming off the substitute 's bench , as QPR won promotion to the Premier League .
Following the acquisition of strikers DJ Campbell and Jay Bothroyd ahead of QPR 's return to the top tier of English football , Agyemang found first-team football limited , although they did start in the club 's first away game of the season , a 1–0 triumph against Everton at Goodison Park on 20 August 2011 . The following week , on 27 August 2011 , they played the whole match as QPR lost 2–0 away to Wigan Athletic , which would ultimately be Agyemang 's final QPR appearance for the season . Agyemang was made available for loan in October 2011 . They subsequently joined Championship club Millwall on a 28-day loan deal on 13 October 2011 . Agyemang made their Millwall debut two days after signing , playing the first 45 minutes in a 1–1 away draw against Middlesbrough on 15 October 2011 . They made one further appearance during their loan spell , a late substitute appearance against Brighton & Hove Albion , and returned to QPR in November 2011 . Agyemang was omitted from QPR 's 25-man squad for the remainder of the season .
Stevenage
After four months without first-team football , Agyemang joined League One club Stevenage on 8 March 2012 , on a loan agreement until the end of the 2011–12 season . The move re-united Agyemang with Gary Smith , who had previously coached them at Wimbledon . They made their Stevenage debut two days after joining the club , playing the first 61 minutes in Stevenage 's 2–2 home draw against Chesterfield . Agyemang scored their first goal for Stevenage in a 6–0 away win against Yeovil Town , latching onto a Jamaal Lascelles through pass before scoring with a `` tidy finish '' . They made 15 appearances for the club as they lost in the play-off semi-final to Sheffield United . Agyemang was released by QPR upon the expiry of their contract in June 2012 .
Agyemang spent the early stages of pre-season ahead of the 2012–13 season training with Stevenage , and went on the club 's pre-season tour of Ireland . They went on a week 's trial with Bidvest Wits of the Premier Soccer League in South Africa in August 2012 . No transfer materialised , and , on 31 August 2012 , they signed for Stevenage on a free transfer .
Portsmouth
Having made 16 appearances for Stevenage during the first half of the season , without finding the scoresheet , Agyemang joined Portsmouth of League One on a one-month loan deal on 8 February 2013 . They made their first appearance for Portsmouth in a 2–0 defeat to AFC Bournemouth on 9 February 2013 , playing the opening 65 minutes of the match . Agyemang scored their first goal for the club during their sixth appearance , on 2 March 2013 , finding the bottom corner of the goal in a 2–1 away victory against Crewe Alexandra . They also assisted Portsmouth 's other goal in the match , as they ended a run of 23 games without a win . Agyemang 's loan deal was extended for a further month on 8 March 2013 . Although Portsmouth were relegated to League Two during their time on loan with the club , their performances were described as a `` critical reason for the marked improvement '' as Portsmouth ended the season in good form . They made 15 appearances during the loan spell , and expressed a desire to remain at Portsmouth on a permanent basis .
Shortly after the end of the season , Agyemang agreed a two-year permanent transfer to Portsmouth , joining the club on 1 July 2013 , after their Stevenage contract expired . They played regularly during the 2013–14 season , scoring five times in 44 appearances as Portsmouth finished the campaign in 13th place in League Two . Agyemang did not play as much following the departure of manager Guy Whittingham , making ten appearances for Portsmouth during the first half of the following season . They subsequently joined fellow League Two club Dagenham & Redbridge on loan on 24 November 2014 . They made four appearances during the loan agreement , which ran until 3 January 2015 . Agyemang left Portsmouth by mutual consent on 24 March 2015 .
Later career
Without a club and training on their own ahead of the 2015–16 season , Agyemang made the decision to retire from playing after they suffered a knee injury and felt they could no longer push their body to the level required to play professional football . Agyemang briefly came out of retirement , having not played competitive senior football since leaving Portsmouth two years earlier , to play for Baffins Milton Rovers of the Wessex League Premier Division in November 2017 . They made one appearance during their time at the club , playing in a 4–1 defeat to Horley Town in the FA Vase . Agyemang also made one appearance for Cray Valley Paper Mills of the Southern Counties East League , starting in a 5–3 away win against Lordswood on 18 August 2018 .
International career
Agyemang made their international debut for Ghana against Nigeria on 30 May 2003 , in the 4-Nation LG Cup in Abuja , with Nigeria winning the match 3–1 . They scored Ghana 's solitary goal in the match , with the strike coming three minutes into their debut .
They were named in Ghana 's 40-man preliminary squad ahead of the 2006 Africa Cup of Nations , although did not make the final squad . In February 2006 , Agyemang was called up to play for Ghana in the pre-2006 World Cup international friendly against Mexico on 1 March 2006 , played in the USA . They started the match , playing 74 minutes before being substituted for Alex Tachie-Mensah . Despite offering an alternative to other attacking options due to their height and physical presence , Agyemang did not make Ghana 's 23-man squad .
Style of play
Agyemang was deployed as a forward throughout their career . Described as powerful and possessing `` great pace '' , Agyemang stated they had a tendency to play on the shoulder of the last defender as they were confident their pace would create goalscoring opportunities . They stated they were wrongly labelled as a target man by managers in the latter stages of their career and felt the role was not playing to their strengths — `` I hated heading the ball . My best attribute was getting the ball down to my feet and getting past players , running the channels '' .
Personal life
After retiring from playing football , Agyemang began working as a personal trainer .
Career statistics
Club
International
Ghana score listed first , score column indicates score after each Agyemang goal .
Honours
Queens Park Rangers
Football League Championship : 2010–11
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Walthamstow
English sportspeople of Ghanaian descent
Citizens of Ghana through descent
English footballers
Ghanaian footballers
Ghana international footballers
Association football forwards
Wimbledon F.C . players
Brentford F.C . players
Gillingham F.C . players
Preston North End F.C . players
Queens Park Rangers F.C . players
Bristol City F.C . players
Millwall F.C . players
Stevenage F.C . players
Portsmouth F.C . players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C . players
Cray Valley Paper Mills F.C . players
Premier League players
English Football League players
Prince Victor Albert Jay Duleep Singh ( 10 July 1866 – 7 June 1918 ) was the eldest son of Maharani Bamba Müller and Maharaja Sir Duleep Singh , the last Maharaja of Lahore , and of the Sikh Empire , and the grandson of Maharaja Ranjit Singh .
Biography
Victor Duleep Singh was educated at Eton and Trinity College , Cambridge , where they met Lady Anne Blanche Alice Coventry whom they would later marry . In 1887 they entered the Royal Military College , Sandhurst , with a special Cadetship and left it the following December to be commissioned as Lieutenant into the 1st ( Royal ) Dragoons .
In 1889 Singh was stationed at Halifax , Nova Scotia , as a member of the staff of General Sir John Ross , commander of British forces in British North America . In December , they were rumoured to be engaged to marry Jeanne Turnure , daughter of Lawrence Turnure , a New York City banker , after staying at the Turnure house in Newport , Rhode Island , the previous summer ; the rumour was however denied by the banker . In February the following year , Singh took a three-month leave of absence from the army to meet their father in Paris , when rumours of unpaid creditors in Halifax became current for the first time . They continued to serve in the Royal Dragoons until they resigned their commission in 1898 .
On the death of their father , Maharaja Sir Duleep Singh , on 23 October 1893 , Victor succeeded them as Head of the Royal House of the Punjab .
On 4 January 1898 , Prince Victor Albert Jay Duleep Singh married Lady Anne Coventry , a daughter of the 9th Earl of Coventry , who was eight years younger than himself . The marriage created a sensation : it was the first time an Indian prince had married an English noblewoman , and the marriage was made possible primarily due to the intervention of the Prince of Wales ( subsequently King Edward VII ) . The wedding took place at St Peter 's Church , Eaton Square , London , where Queen Victoria was also represented . Although Queen Victoria gave the couple their blessing , they allegedly told Lady Anne to never have children with the Prince . The marriage remained childless .
Singh was declared bankrupt on 4 September 1902 , with debts totaling £117,900 ( approximately £ in today 's value ) , despite their £8,250 annual allowance and their wife 's income of £2,500 . The bankruptcy was attributed to bad investments and to gambling , something that plagued them for the rest of their life .
They died , without legitimate issue , aged 51 , on 7 June 1918 , and was buried at the Anglican Cemetery above Monte Carlo . Beside them is the grave of their wife who died aged 82 , on 2 July 1956 .
Honours
National dynastic honours
House of Punjab : Sovereign Knight Grand Cross of the Propitious Star of Punjab
House of Punjab : Sovereign Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Ranjit Singh
National honours
: Recipient of the King Edward VII Coronation Medal
: Recipient of the King George V Coronation Medal
Ancestry
References
Further reading
The Duleep Singh 's : The Photograph Album of Queen Victoria 's Maharajah , by Peter Bance . Sutton Publishing , .
Soveriegn , Squire & Rebel : Maharajah Duleep Singh and the Heirs of a Lost Kingdom , by Peter Bance . Coronet House Publishing ,
Letters to Prince Victor Duleep Singh as a schoolboy from their parents and others . Also copies of Prince Victor 's letters of 1897 to Queen Victoria and the Secretary of State for India on the subject of their engagement to Lady Anne Coventry .
External links
The Official Biography of Prince Victor Duleep Singh
Genealogy of Lahore ( Princely State ) Queensland University
1866 births
1918 deaths
1st The Royal Dragoons officers
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
Graduates of the Royal Military College , Sandhurst
People educated at Eton College
Sikh Empire
English Sikhs
Asian royalty
English people of Indian descent
English people of German descent
Indian people of German descent
Transandean ( Spanish : Transandino ) may refer to things relative to :
Argentina ( Chilean usage )
Chile ( Argentine usage )
Peru
Bolivia
The term is also used to name some infrastructure that crosses the Andes like the :
Trans-Andean railways
Transandine Railway , Argentina and Chile
Trans-Andean Highway , Venezuela
Transandino pipeline , Colombia
Veronicastrum sibiricum , the Sibirian veronicastrum , is a plant in the plantain family , Plantaginaceae .
Description
Veronicastrum sibiricum is a herbaceous plant with whorled , simple leaves , on weakly upright stems . The flowers are pale purple , borne in summer .
Veronicastroside , a flavone , can be found in Veronicastrum sibiricum var . japonicum .
References
Plantaginaceae
Plants described in 1935
Martin Krampen ( March 9 , 1928 in Siegen – June 18 , 2015 in Ulm ) was a leading German semiotician , semiotics Professor in Göttingen .
Biography
The son of a Protestant pastor , Krampen was born on March 9 , 1928 in Siegen and was raised in Wuppertal . They took courses in psychology , philosophy , and theology the University of Tübingen and the University of Heidelberg , and studied design with a focus on painting at Accademia delle Belle Arti di Firenze . In 1953 Krampen began studying graphic design and visual communication at the Hochschule für Gestaltung . After graduating from the school with a diploma in , they went on to obtain their PhD in Visual Communications from Michigan State University in 1962 . While there their studies were focused design and psychology .
Krampen worked in the field of visual semiotics and environmental perception , as well as a professional artist . Over the course of their career Krampen held position at universities across North America and Europe teaching courses in social psychology , semiotics , and the psychology of design . They were the University of Waterloo 's first full-time research associate , where they worked alongside professor George Soulis to study the influence of design on industry . Krampen taught Visual Communication at Hochschule der Künste from 1977 until their retirement in 1993 .
Krampen is credited with establishing the field phytosemiotics , the study of vegetative semiosis . Their work would go on to become an important branch of semiotic biology or biosemiotics . Donald Favareau notes that Krampen 's 1981 publication `` Phytosemiotics '' in Semiotica is referenced in nearly every introductory overview of the field and that their work is responsible for expanding the scope of Thomas Sebeok 's zoosemiotics info the broader study of signs in relation to living organisms . In a similar acknowledgement of Krampen 's influence , Kalevi Kull credits Krampen 's work as `` an important step in incorporating biology into semiotics . ''
They were a co-editor of Zeitschrift für Semiotik .
Select publications
`` Meaning in the urban environment '' . Routledge ; 2013 May 13 .
`` A semiotic perspective on the sciences : Steps toward a new paradigm '' .Anderson , M. , Deely , J. , Krampen , M. , Ransdell , J. , Sebeok , T.A . and von Uexküll , T. , 1984 . Essential Readings in Biosemiotics , p. 377 .
`` Phytosemiotics '' . Semiotica , 1981 , 36 ( 3-4 ) , pp . 187–210 .
References
External links
Martin Krampen 's home-page
German semioticians
1928 births
2015 deaths
Plant cognition
Bill Beach ( born 1953 ) is a jazz pianist , vocalist , and teacher .
Biography
Beach began their study of the piano at age seven . Their mother was a piano teacher , their grandfather a choir director , and their grandmother a church organist . At age 11 , they were listening to records by Oscar Peterson , Sonny Rollins and Gil Evans that belonged to their older brother . An early piano teacher introduced them to the transcriptions of Dave Brubeck and they were influenced by Bill Evans and McCoy Tyner . They studied music at Portland State University , Oregon State University , and Mt . Hood Community College . During the 1970s they studied privately with Marian McPartland , Warren Bernhardt , Jerome Gray , and Mary Fields . In 1974 they joined the group of jazz guitarist Jimmy James and worked with them for much of the decade .
In the early 1980s , Beach spent seven months in the European jazz scene . They lived in Amsterdam and performed in clubs such as the Bamboo Bar and Jazz Café Alto as leader of their own trio . In 1984 they returned to the United States , worked regularly with drummer Ron Steen , and performed in groups with Joe Henderson , Bobby Hutcherson , Eddie Harris , Howard Roberts , and Nick Brignola .
In the 1990s , they settled in Portland , Oregon , and led a trio which included Mark Murphy . They also performed with Charlie Rouse , Nat Adderley , Bud Shank , and Jimmy Cobb . In 1997 they toured Japan with their trio and in 2001 toured European ports .
In 2003 , Beach began to study Brazilian music and the Portuguese language . They concentrated on the bossa nova introduced by Antonio Carlos Jobim , João Gilberto , Vinicius De Moraes , Carlos Lyra and João Donato and the later MPB styles of Sergio Mendez , Edu Lobo , Milton Nascimento , and Ivan Lins . They released Letting Go in 2004 on their Axial Records label . This album was their debut as leader of a recording session and featured Beach singing Brazilian standards and playing original instrumentals in a piano trio setting .
In 2008 , Beach began writing lyrics in the Brazilian style , and their album Brasil Beat ( 2010 ) contained music and lyrics in Portuguese . This was followed by Búzios also original material and also on Axial Records . This album featured Rebecca Kilgore on vocals and Gary Hobbs on drums .
Discography
Letting Go ( 2004 )
Brasil Beat ( 2010 )
Búzios ( 2011 )
References
External links
Living people
1953 births
21st-century American pianists
American jazz songwriters
American male singers
American male songwriters
Bossa nova pianists
Bossa nova singers
American male pianists
Musicians from Corvallis , Oregon
Musicians from Portland , Oregon
Portuguese-language singers
Singers from Oregon
Songwriters from Oregon
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
The Demon 's Lexicon is a 2009 novel by the Irish author Sarah Rees Brennan . It was published worldwide by Simon & Schuster on June 1 , 2009 . It is the first in The Demon trilogy , the others being The Demon 's Covenant ( 2010 ) and The Demon 's Surrender ( 2011 ) .
Plot introduction
The story follows two brothers with a sordid past , Nick and Alan Ryves , who fight demons and monsters . They are on the run from a magician , from whom their mother supposedly stole an amulet , when they meet Mae and Jamie , troubled teenagers who come to them for help . Throughout the book they face horror , evil and people who just generally want to kill them , while long kept secrets are threatening to unravel . In the lore of the book , humans can either be born with magical powers , or can make pacts with demons who will grant them power or use their own magic . Very early on , Mae expresses the thought that they may have once had magical powers , but that they went away . Nick chastises them for this , saying that if you have magical powers , they never leave you .
Character list
Nick Ryves - Does not like anybody apart from their brother Alan , and can not understand why Alan would endanger their life to help strangers .
Alan Ryves - Nick 's older brother , a redhead who wears glasses . They have a crippled leg , and is described as half Nick 's size . While they are deadly with guns , they are also kind and always tries to help other people , notably Mae and Jamie .
Mae Crawford - Considered by Nick and Alan to be annoying and loud , they are the big sister of Jamie Crawford . They have pink hair .
Jamie Crawford - Mae 's quiet brother . They are thin and nervous-looking , but kind . They make jokes when they are nervous .
Olivia - Nick and Alan 's mother , Olivia is fond of Alan but hates Nick . They have mental problems and always wears charms , talismans and amulets .
Merris Cromwell - The mysterious , unofficial leader of the Goblin Market . Very rich , they earn their money by running Mezentius House , a hospital/prison for bodies possessed by demons .
Sin - A dancer at the Goblin Market .
Black Arthur - A magician , leader of the Obsidian Circle . They are mean and power hungry , and would give up anything for power .
Gerald - A magician in the Obsidian Circle .
Anzu - A demon , who usually takes the form of an eagle .
Liannan - An icy demon , succubus , who thinks that Nick is their past lover . They are commonly known as `` Yuki Onna '' in Japan . The reason is never given .
Publication
The Demon 's Lexicon was published worldwide on June 1 , 2009 . However , the book had an early Irish release , with Eason 's stores selling the book as early as May 29 .
Reception
In 2009 , The Demon 's Lexicon was nominated for the CYBILS Award for Young Adult Fantasy & Science .
In 2010 , The Demon 's Lexicon was named one of the top books for young adults by the American Library Association and was nominated for the Carnegie Medal .
References
2009 Irish novels
Young adult fantasy novels
Irish young adult novels
Irish fantasy novels
Contemporary fantasy novels
2009 children 's books
First African Baptist Church is a historic church at 2621 9th Street in Tuscaloosa , Alabama .
It was built in 1907 from a congregation established in 1866 , and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
References
External links
Baptist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Churches completed in 1907
Buildings and structures in Tuscaloosa , Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Tuscaloosa County , Alabama
First African Baptist churches
National Institute of Biomedical Genomics ( NIBMG ) is a national level research institute for genomic medicine in India . It is located at Kalyani West Bengal—50 km from Kolkata . It has been established as an autonomous institution under the Department of Biotechnology , Government of India . This is the first institution in India explicitly devoted to research , training , translation , service , and capacity-building in biomedical genomics .
The Institute operates from a campus constructed on a 30-acre plot of land near Bidhanpally , Kalyani .
See also
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research , Kolkata
Indian Statistical Institute
Bose Institute
Indian Institute of Chemical Biology
References
External links
Research institutes in Kolkata
Biological research institutes
Medical research institutes in India
Kalyani , West Bengal
Research institutes in West Bengal
2009 establishments in West Bengal
Research institutes established in 2009
Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Vivian Montague Langtry ( 12 November 1869 , Cheltenham , Gloucester - 22 August 1935 , Southampton ) was an officer of the Burma Military Police .
Langtry was originally commissioned into the 3rd ( Militia ) battalion Queen 's Royal West Surrey Regiment as a Second Lieutenant 21 January 1888 , be promoted Lieutenant 26 October 1889 .
They were then commissioned into the regular battalions ( 1st or 2nd ) of the Queen 's Royal West Surrey Regiment as a Second Lieutenant
4 February 1891 . They first arrived in India 7 December 1891 and was appointed to the British Indian Army on 21 May 1892 .
They were first appointed as an assistant commandant , Burma Military Police , May 1895 to May 1900 .
On 30 July 1901 they were appointed to a civil position in Burma as an Assistant Commissioner , Burma Commission .
Promoted to captain 30 July 1901 .
They were promoted to major 4 February 1909 .
Appointed to the Supernumary List 30 July 1911 , after ten years in civil employment .
In January 1917 they were appointed Deputy Commissioner 2nd grade
Promoted to lieutenant colonel 4 February 1917
In March 1918 they were appointed Adjutant of the Burma Military Police .
On 12 May 1925 , after a long career , Langtry retired to Hampshire , where they remained until their death in Southampton in 1935 . Their father was Col. Henry Langtry and mother Sofia Hailes , daughter of Captain Hailes of the 10th Bengal Cavalry .
Further reading
The British Army `` Record of Services '' Book ( 1926 edition ) - For more on Langtry 's military career .
References
London Gazette ( Various dates )
Indian Army List ( January 1908 & January 1919 )
Obituary , The Times ( London , England ) , Thursday , 26 September 1935 ; p. 6 ; Issue 47179 .
1869 births
1935 deaths
British Indian Army officers
Queen 's Royal Regiment officers
British colonial police officers
Indian Army personnel of World War I
People from Cheltenham
The Thomas Ligotti Reader : Essays and Explorations is a collection of essays on American horror writer Thomas Ligotti and their works , edited by Darrell Schweitzer . It was first published in trade paperback in April 2003 by Wildside Press , with a hardcover edition from the same publisher following in July of the same year .
The book consists of thirteen essays by various authors , including one by Ligotti himself , together with a bibliography of Ligotti 's published works .
Contents
`` Thomas Ligotti 's Career of Nightmares '' ( Matt Cardin )
`` Weird Tales Talks with Thomas Ligotti '' ( Darrell Schweitzer )
`` The Mystagogue , the Gnostic Quest , the Secret Book '' ( Robert M. Price )
`` Nothing is What it Seems to Be '' ( Stefan R. Dziemianowicz )
`` Disillusionment can be Glamorous : an Interview with Thomas Ligotti '' ( E.M. Angerhuber and Thomas Wagner )
`` The Transition from Literary Horror to Existential Nightmare in Thomas Ligotti 's 'Nethescurial ' '' ( Matt Cardin )
`` The Dark Beauty of Unheard of Horrors '' ( Thomas Ligotti )
`` Liminal Terror and Collective Identity in Thomas Ligotti 's 'The Shadow at the Bottom of the World ' '' ( Matt Cardin )
`` Twilight Twilight Nihil Nihil : Thomas Ligotti and the Post-Industrial English Underground '' ( William Burns )
`` Soft Black Star : Some Thoughts on Knowing Thomas Ligotti '' ( David Tibet )
`` The Dream Quest of Thomas Ligotti : a Study of 'In a Foreign Town , in a Foreign Land ' '' ( Ben P. Indick )
`` Ligotti 's Corporate Horror '' ( Darrell Schweitzer )
`` Thomas Ligotti : Escape from Life '' ( S.T . Joshi )
`` A Thomas Ligotti Bibliography '' ( Douglas Anderson )
External links
Entry at Wildside Press
Thomas Ligotti
2003 non-fiction books
2003 anthologies
Books by Darrell Schweitzer
Books of literary criticism
Books about writers
Essay anthologies
Essays about literature
Wildside Press books
The DB Class V 169 consisted of a single example : V 169 001 , derived from the DB Class V 160 family , with an additional gas turbine booster engine . It can be considered the prototype for diesel locomotives with a gas turbine as an additional drive ; specifically the DB Class 210 . Post 1968 the class designation was changed to Class 219 , and the locomotive renumbered 219 001
In 1999 the locomotive was heavily renovated for a private company , and does not now have the gas turbine .
Post the merger of the Deutsche Bundesbahn and Deutsche Reichsbahn another locomotive - the DR Class 119 has been assigned to the DB class 219 .
Background
From 1963 onwards the DB Class V 160 had been delivered and deployed in large numbers , and was proving successful . Thus plans were made for testing of further units were made - specifically a variant with electric train heating . These units would require more power than the engines installed in the V 160 could deliver . Three prototype units of the DB Class V 162 ( later Class 217 ) were ordered ; with the addition of a smaller supplementary diesel engine , providing via a generator the electricity for electric train supply . ( see Head end power )
Another variant was the V 169 , this locomotive utilised a supplementary gas turbine to improve overall performance . A General Electric LM 100-PA 104 turbines was chosen , using diesel as a fuel rather than kerosene . The locomotive turbine was built under license by Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz ( KHD ) at the Oberursel plant . ( see Motorenfabrik Oberursel ( now part of Rolls-Royce )
KHD also received the order for manufacture of the locomotive itself , this was done at the KHD-Werk in Cologne and the locomotive delivered on the 4 June 1965 as V 169 001 , it then was exhibited to the public at the International Transport Exhibition in Munich . The electric train heating was not yet ready , and so the locomotive did not enter service until January 1966 .
From March 1966 the locomotive went onto the Allgäu Munich to Lindau line for testing , being stationed at Kempten .
In the V 169 , the electrical generator for the heating was powered by a shaft from the gearbox of the hydraulic transmission system . This method proved successful and was later used in the DB Class 210 and DB Class 218 locomotives . The fundamental usefulness of the additional gas turbine propulsion was also demonstrated and led to the introduction of the DB Class 210 ( with a more powerful turbine : an AVCO Lycoming T53-L 13 ) .
Service history
The delivery of the Class 210s being to Kempten in 1971 for work in the Allgaeu region meant that the less powerful V 219 001 was outdated . Thus , when the gas turbine failed with damage to the combustion chamber in 1974 , the locomotive was converted for other uses . The diesel engine was throttled back to , and the heating system was also shut down .
With these modifications , the locomotive was no longer suitable for passenger work , and began work as a freight locomotive around Gelsenkirchen often working across the Dutch border , up to 25 November 1977 . In 1978 , the locomotive was decommissioned and then left in the open in Bremen until 1985 .
In 1985 the locomotive was sold to company of Elizabeth Layritz GmbH in Penzberg , a firm specialising in the modernisation of scrapped locomotives . Subsequently , the locomotive was sold to Impresa Attilio Rossi in Italy and worked between Rome and Naples ( as T1591 ) up till 1998/9 .
Reconstruction and operation by German private railways
After the German railway reform of 1994 cheap second-hand locomotives with authorization for work in Germany were in demand . So in 1999 the locomotive was bought ( back to Germany ) by leasing firm RailImpex and sent to Gmeinder for refurbishment and remotorising , .
The refurbishment included the replacement of the original Maybach engine with a Caterpillar diesel engine , a review of its condition and the installation of new wiring .
The railway company Waldhof AG ( Bahngesellschaft Waldhof AG or 'BGW ' ) ( Now called Rhenus Rail Logistics GmbH ) in Mannheim bought the locomotive for freight work and designated it as DH 280 01 . It was painted in the green-gray color scheme of the BGW .
In the summer of 2000 the loco was used for garbage trains from Krefeld to Hildesheim until September when a collision meant the machine must return to Gmeinder for repair . By February 2001 it was back in operation . After that , among other workings it pulled Lime trains for BASF from Ludwigshafen to Stromberg .
In October 2001 the unit was transferred to Eisenbahnen und Verkehrsbetriebe Elbe-Weser GmbH and worked on container trains between Hamburg , Bremerhaven and Bremen . The EVB designation is 420 01The locomotive suffered a serious accident with frame damage in 2013 and has not been in service since then . 420 01 had been parked in the Bremervörde depot since August 2015 .
In August 2021 the V169 was bought by a locomotive engineer that founded their own company LOKRAPID ( LR ) in Oldenburg . In 2022 they restored the locomotive and repainted it in it 's original DB livery with respectively one of their former official numbers V 169 001 and 219 001-5 '' ' on the fronts . It went back in service on 20 September 2022 under the UIC number `` 92 80 1219 001-5 D-LR '' operating various trains .
See also
DB Class V 160 family Overview of this and related locomotives
DB Class 210 Related successor locomotives also with auxiliary gas turbines
DR Class 119 An East German diesel locomotive ( reclassified after reunification as DB Class 219 )
References
Additional sources
219 Lieferliste ( supply list of DB Class V219 ) Chronological list of operators of V 169 001. privat-bahn.deUnterschiede in der V160-Familie ( differences between V 160 family of locomotives ) Brief description of V 169 class . deutsche-lokomotiven.deAllgemeine Infos - Baureihe 210/219 ( General Info . Class 210/219 Very brief information . v160.deExternal links
railimpex Johannes Scheurich GmbH
Die Mittenwaldbahn , Layritz - Penzberg , Firma Elisabeth Layritz GmbH Details of company : Elisabeth Layritz GmbH from mittenwaldbahn.de ''
Diesel locomotives of Germany
V 169
Private locomotives of Germany
Deutz locomotives
B-B locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1965
Gas turbine locomotives of Germany
Diesel-hydraulic locomotives of Germany
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Mixed traffic locomotives
The Ithaca Mag-10 was the world 's first 10 GA semi-automatic gas-operated shotgun chambered in 10-gauge ( 3½ '' ) . The CounterCoil system built into the front of the magazine tube reduced the recoil from the round to allow easier second shots but cut the magazine size in half to 2 shells . Regular models had jeweled-finish bolts , engraved barrels and checkered stocks . It was produced until 1989 , at which point Remington Arms bought the design and used it as the basis for the Remington Model SP-10 .
Variants
Roadblocker—Special Purpose Police Shotgun
The Roadblocker version of the Mag-10 was designed by Ithaca for the law enforcement market and became available from 1978 until 1986 ( although no mention of the Roadblocker version in Ithaca catalogs after 1981 ) , but met with little commercial success . The Roadblocker was advertised with both a 20 '' and 22 '' ( which actually measured out to 21¾ '' ) barrels . The option of a plain or vent barrel was also available . The shotgun had a parkerized finish on the barrel , receiver and non-checkered walnut stock and forearm . There were no Ithaca factory markings of the name `` Roadblocker '' on the shotgun receiver , barrel or stock or any identifying letters in the serial number . Ithaca marketing for the Roadblocker to law enforcement agencies declared the Mag-10 `` can stop a car in its tracks . ''
DeerSlayer
The DeerSlayer featured a 22 '' barrel and rifle sights and was optimized for firing slugs . It came in a blued or parkerized finish and a plain stock .
General Use
The general use Ithaca Mag-10 was equipped with a 32-inch vent rib barrel with auto loading capabilities . Due to its large frame and extended barrel length , it weighs in at 11¼ pounds .
After the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service banned lead shot for waterfowl hunting in 1991 , hunters were forced to use steel shot . The Ithaca Mag-10 was a platform that could deliver large steel shot in heavy payloads for goose hunting .
References
External links
Ithaca Mag-10 Schematic
NCJRS Abstract on Roadblocker
The 5 Best Goose Guns Ever Made
Semi-automatic shotguns of the United States
Ithaca Gun Company firearms
Luisa Passerini ( born 1941 ) is an Italian cultural historian . Formerly Professor of Cultural History at the University of Turin , they are a External Professor of History at the European University Institute , Florence , and Visiting Professor in the Oral History Masters Program at Columbia University , New York .
Life
Luisa Passerini was born in 1941 and educated at the University of Turin , graduating in philosophy and history in 1965 . They were politically active as a student , and in 1967 they spent time in Dar es Salaam , studying and working with the Mozambican liberation movement Frelimo .
In the late 1970s Passerini moved away from social and political history to cultural history .
Torino operaia e Fascismo ( 1984 ) used oral history to expore the self-representation of working-class men and women in the Fascist period . Autoritratto di gruppo ( 1988 ) combined oral history with novelistic treatment of a young woman 's student experience in the late 1960s , with alternating chapters in diary form .
In summer 1989 Passerini was visiting professor of history at the New School for Social Research in New York . In fall 1993 they were visiting professor at New York University .
Works
Fascism in popular memory : the cultural experience of the Turin working class . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 1986 . Translated by Robert Lumley and Jude Bloomfield from the Italian Torino operaia e fascismo [ Turin workers and fascism ] , 1984 .
( ed . ) Memory and totalitarianism . Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press , 1992 .
Autobiography of a Generation : Italy 1968 . Hanover ; London : Wesleyan University Press , 1996 . Translated from the Italian Autoritratto di gruppo [ Autobiography of a group ] , Florence : Giunti , 1988 .
( ed . with Selma Leydesdorff and Paul Thompson ) Gender and memory . Oxford ; New York : Oxford University Press , 1996 .
Europe in love , love in Europe : imagination and politics between the wars . London : I.B . Tauris , 1999 .
Memory and utopia : the primacy of intersubjectivity . London : Equinox , 2005 .
( ed . 2010 ) Women migrants from East to West : gender , mobility and belonging in contemporary Europe . New York : Berghahn Books , 2010 .
( ed . with Liliana Ellena and Alexander C.T . Geppert ) New dangerous liaisons : discourses on Europe and love in the twentieth century . New York : Berghahn Books , 2010 .
( ed . with Jo Labanyi and Karen Diehl ) Europe and love in cinema . Bristol & Chicago : Intellect , 2012 .
( ed . with ) Dissonant heritages and memories in contemporary Europe . Cham : Palgrave Macmillan , 2019 .
References
1941 births
Living people
Italian women historians
20th-century Italian historians
21st-century Italian historians
University of Turin faculty
European University Institute faculty
Columbia University fellows
20th-century Italian women
21st-century Italian women
Mifiposeti Paea ( born 6 July 1988 ) is a Tongan-born Japanese rugby union footballer who plays as a centre .
Paea currently plays for the Osaka-based NTT DoCoMo Red Hurricanes having joined them in 2011 . They were named in the first ever squad which will compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season . They moved to Fukaya in 2004 and enjoyed the game through Shochi Fukaya High School and Saitama Institute of Technology . After that they acquired Japanese citizenship .
References
1987 births
Living people
Tongan rugby union players
Tongan expatriate rugby union players
Tongan expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate rugby union players in Japan
Rugby union centres
NTT DoCoMo Red Hurricanes Osaka players
Sunwolves players
Japan international rugby union players
Hester Bateman ( bap . 1708 – 16 September 1794 ) was an English silversmith , renowned for their high quality flatware and ornamental silverware . A craftswoman working within the family business , they were succeeded in turn by their sons , daughter-in-law , grandson and great-grandson . The Bateman family silversmithing company lasted until the middle of the nineteenth century .
Biography
Hester Neden or Needham was baptised in London on 7 October 1708 , the daughter of John Neden or Needham . On 20 May 1732 they married a gold chain maker and wire drawer called John Bateman . During their marriage , they gave birth to six children : John Joseph ( Joss ) , Letitia , Ann , Peter , William and Jonathan . John Bateman died of consumption ( tuberculosis ) in 1760 , leaving their tools to their wife in their will . They took over the family business and registered their own first sponsor 's mark at the Goldsmith 's Hall in 1761 , simply `` HB '' in script .
From the time up to the late 1770s , not much Bateman work is known , possibly because they were supplying pieces for other silversmiths that were subsequently overstamped with their marks . Female traders were not uncommon at the time in luxury trades such as working with precious metals , and Bateman had female contemporaries such as Elizabeth Godfrey .
After about 1774 , Hester Bateman worked to build up the business at 107 Bunhill Row , London with their sons Jonathan ( 1747-1791 ) and Peter ( 1740-1825 ) . They used the latest technology to produce their silverware as cheaply as possible and compete with other companies using Sheffield Plate . They used thin gauge sheet silver and machines to punch and pierce it . The family specialised in household silverware in a neo classical style , and they expanded their range to include many goods such as tea caddies , jugs , salvers , salt cellars , wine labels , trays and ink wells . Their work is characterised by bright-cut engraving , beading around edges and piercing .
Hester Bateman retired in 1790 and was succeeded by their sons . Them daughter Letitia , by now Letitia Clarke , ran their own business as a goldsmith and jeweller from the same year , listed in directories of the time as a premise at the Eagle and Pearl , 9 Holborn-bars . Hester Bateman died on 16 September 1794 at their home at 107 Bunhill Row and was buried at St Luke 's , Old Street , London .
Legacy
The business that Hester Bateman had built up and run for thirty years was taken over by their sons Peter and Jonathan . They registered a hallmark with their initials ( `` PB '' over `` IB '' ) in December 1790 , but Jonathan died in April 1791 . Jonathan 's widow Ann-Olympe ( Dowling ) ( 1748–1813 ) entered a hallmark with their brother-in-law Peter ( `` PB '' over `` AB '' ) and worked for the company until 1805 . Peter Bateman retired in 1815 and passed the company to their nephew William ( 1774–1850 ) , son of Jonathan and Ann Bateman . Their son , also called William Bateman , took over in 1839 until 1843 when the Bateman family company closed . Bateman silverware continues to be popular , and Hester Bateman is considered one of the finest English silversmiths .
Silver by Hester Bateman is in the Rosenbach Museum .
References
Further reading
18th-century British women
1708 births
1794 deaths
18th-century English businesspeople
English silversmiths
Businesspeople from London
Women silversmiths
18th-century English business persons
C/2014 Q2 ( Lovejoy ) is a long-period comet discovered on 17 August 2014 by Terry Lovejoy using a Schmidt–Cassegrain telescope . It was discovered at apparent magnitude 15 in the southern constellation of Puppis . It is the fifth comet discovered by Terry Lovejoy . Its blue-green glow is the result of organic molecules ( mostly Diatomic carbon ) and water released by the comet fluorescing under the intense UV and optical light of the Sun as it passes through space .
History
By December 2014 , the comet had brightened to roughly magnitude 7.4 , making it a small telescope and binoculars target . By mid-December , the comet was visible to the naked eye for experienced observers with dark skies and keen eyesight . On 28–29 December 2014 , the comet passed 1/3° from globular cluster Messier 79 . In January 2015 , it brightened to roughly magnitude 4 , and became one of the brightest comets located high in a dark sky since comet ( Hale-Bopp ) in 1997 . On 7 January 2015 , the comet passed from Earth . It crossed the celestial equator on 9 January 2015 , becoming better seen from the Northern Hemisphere . The comet came to perihelion ( the closest approach to the Sun ) on 30 January 2015 , at a distance of from the Sun . At perihelion , its water production rate exceeded 20 metric tons per second .
C/2014 Q2 originated from the Oort cloud , but is not a dynamically new comet . Before entering the planetary region ( epoch 1950 ) , had an orbital period of about 11,000 years , with an aphelion about from the Sun . After leaving the planetary region ( epoch 2050 ) , it will have an orbital period of about 8,000 years , with aphelion of about 800 AU .
The comet was observed to release 21 different organic molecules in gas , including ethanol and glycolaldehyde , a simple sugar . The presence of organic molecules suggests that they are preserved materials synthesized in the outskirts of the solar nebula or at earlier stages of the Solar System formation .
Gallery
References
External links
Two possible light curves ( Alexandre Amorim )
C/2014 Q2 ( Lovejoy ) images ( Damian Peach )
C/2014 Q2 ( Lovejoy ) at CometBase database
20140817
2014Q02
20150107
20140817
20150130
Bernard Walton ( 24 March 1917 – 3 June 1972 ) was a British classical clarinettist .
Biography
Walton was born into a musical family . Their grandfather was a cellist with the Hallé Orchestra under the eponymous founder Charles Hallé , and their father played in the Queen 's Hall Orchestra . They studied at the Royal College of Music with George Anderson , the principal clarinettist at the founding of the London Symphony Orchestra in 1904 . They were made a Fellow of the Royal College of Music ( FRCM ) in 1968 .
In 1937 , shortly before their 20th birthday , Walton was appointed principal clarinettist of the London Philharmonic Orchestra , joining their father , uncle , and brother as members of that orchestra . They served as principal clarinettist of Walter Legge 's Philharmonia from 1953 to 1964 . When Legge attempted to disband the orchestra in 1964 , Walton tried unsuccessfully to dissuade him , and when that failed Walton took the lead in establishing the New Philharmonia Orchestra as a self-governing body . They served as its first chairperson .
After leaving the orchestra in April 1966 , Walton rejoined the London Philharmonic , and devoted more time to chamber music , forming the Music Group of London with Hugh Bean , Eileen Croxford , and David Parkhouse . Along with the other leaders of the woodwind section of the Philharmonia – Gareth Morris , Herbert ( `` Jock '' ) Sutcliffe , and Gwydion Brooke – Walton formed what Legge liked to call `` Legge 's Royal Flush '' . In addition to their work as a performer , Walton was professor of clarinet at the Royal College of Music from 1954 until their death .
Notes
1917 births
1972 deaths
British classical clarinetists
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
Academics of the Royal College of Music
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century British musicians
The 2007 Segunda División Peruana season was the 62nd edition of the second tier of Federación Peruana de Futbol . There were 11 teams in play . Only 9 teams from the 2006 edition remained . Hijos de Acosvinchos , runner-up of the 2006 Copa Peru was promoted to the 2007 edition while Unión Huaral , which was relegated from the 2006 Peruvian first division , also participated in the tournament . The champion , Universidad César Vallejo , was promoted to the 2008 Peruvian First Division . The last place , Alfonso Ugarte of Puno , was relegated its respective regional league . The tournament was played on a home-and-away round-robin basis .
Teams
Table
Standings
Results
Promotion playoff
References
External links
RSSSF
Peruvian Segunda División seasons
Peru2
2007 in Peruvian football
Giovanni Cornacchini ( born 22 July 1965 ) is an Italian professional football coach and former football player , who played as a forward .
Playing career
Cornacchini initially played for Fano Fano between 1981 and 1987 , and also had a spell on loan with Foligno during the 1985–86 season . After stints with Reggiana and Virescit Bergamo , they joined Piacenza in 1989 , where they scored 36 goals in two seasons , finishing as the top scorer in Serie C1 on both occasions , and helping their team to win promotion during the 1990–91 season . Their performances and prolific goalscoring attracted the attention of Serie A club Milan , by whom they were subsequently acquired in 1991 ; however , they often struggled to find space in the team 's starting XI under manager Fabio Capello , due to the presence of established forwards such as Marco van Basten and Ruud Gullit ; they obtained only three league appearances , making their club and Serie A debut on 15 September 1991 , in a 1–1 away draw against Juventus in Turin , as Milan finished the 1991–92 season as Serie A champions .
The following season , Cornacchini returned to Serie C1 , joining Perugia , where they scored 59 goals over three seasons , finishing as the top scorer of their division in the first two , and later helping their team achieve promotion to Serie B as the league 's second-highest goalscorer , behind only Giovanni Pisano . They joined Bologna ahead of the 1995–96 season , although they were unable to replicate their performances at Perugia . Notwithstanding this , the following season , they were acquired by Vicenza manager Francesco Guidolin ( whom they later described as their best manager in 2019 ) , where they won the 1996–97 Coppa Italia , contributing to their team 's victory by scoring important goals in the competition , in particular against Genoa , and later against their former club Bologna in the semi-finals ; they also started in the victorious two-legged final against Napoli . They made 18 Serie A appearances that season , and scored their only Serie A goal on 20 April 1997 , in a 4–1 win over Perugia in Reggio Emilia . In total , they obtained 21 appearances in their two seasons in the Italian top flight .
In 1997 , Cornacchini joined Serie B side Padova , but subsequently moved to fellow second division side Castel di Sangro in November of that year . In February , after only making seven appearances for the latter club , they joined Ternana in Serie C1 , helping the club obtain promotion with three goals in 13 appearances under manager Luigi Delneri . After returning to Padova , now in Serie C1 , they ended their career in the lower divisions of Italian football , with Gubbio , Fano , and finally Cagliese , retiring at the end of the 2002–03 season .
Style of play
A fast , agile , and diminutive forward , Cornacchini was known for their speed in tight spaces , their opportunism inside the penalty area , and their eye for goal ; however , they were not particularly skilful from a technical standpoint . Despite their slender build and small stature of , they were also effective in the air , courtesy of their power and elevation . Known for their clinical finishing in front of goal , they were a highly prolific goalscorer in Serie C ; however , they struggled to replicate similar goalscoring performances in Serie A .
Coaching career
Following their retirement , Cornacchini worked as a manager . On 22 September 2019 , they were fired by Bari .
On 6 December 2020 , they were hired by Serie C club Fermana . They left the club by the end of the season after guiding them to safety .
On 12 July 2021 , they joined Forlì in Serie D. They were fired on 25 October 2021 as Forlì only gained 8 points in the first 8 league games .
Honours
Player
Piacenza
Serie C1/Girone A : 1990–91 ( Promotion to Serie B )
Milan
Serie A : 1991–92
Perugia
Serie C1/Girone B : 1993–94 ( Promotion to Serie B )
Bologna
Serie B : 1995–96
Vicenza
Coppa Italia : 1996–97
Individual
Serie C1 Top-scorer ( 5 ) : 1986–87 ( 13 goals ) , 1989–90 ( 16 goals ) , 1990–91 ( 22 goals ) , 1992–93 ( 19 goals ) , 1993–94 ( 20 goals )
References
External links
Giovanni Cornacchini at Soccerway
Profile at enciclopediadelcalcio.it
1965 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football forwards
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Alma Juventus Fano 1906 players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Piacenza Calcio 1919 players
A.C. Milan players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
Bologna F.C . 1909 players
L.R . Vicenza players
Calcio Padova players
Ternana Calcio players
A.S. Gubbio 1910 players
Virtus Bergamo Alzano Seriate 1909 players
A.S.D . Castel di Sangro Calcio players
Italian football managers
A.S. Gubbio 1910 managers
S.S.C . Bari managers
Serie C managers
Serie D managers
TV Spielfilm is a biweekly German programme guide which has been published regularly since 1990 . The focus is on the presentation of feature films in the programme . Until 2005 , the publishing group Verlagsgruppe Milchstrasse was the publisher of the magazine until it was taken over by Hubert Burda Media .
Development
The initial retail price was 3.80 Deutsche Mark , the first print run was 200,000 copies . Initially , the magazine was published monthly , the circulation was almost sold out from the beginning until the publisher increased the print run to 350,000 .
Five months later , surprised by the success of the magazine , the publishing house changed the publication frequency to biweekly and started it on 1 February 1991 with a circulation of 1.2 million copies , initially at a `` trial price '' of 90 Pfennigs . The regular price was 2.50 Deutsche Mark per issue . At the end of 2007 , the price was increased from 1.45 to 1.50 euros .
With issue number 19/1991 , the 1.015 million copies sold for the first time exceeded the one million mark at the regular sales price . Thus TV Spielfilm was the first successful new introduction in this magazine segment since 1983 ( Auf einen Blick , die zwei , Bildwoche ) .
The circulation increased almost continuously until 1996 ; according to the IVW circulation list , the highest paid circulation was 2.763 million copies in the second quarter . Since 1998 there has been an initially slow but steady decline , with an average of around 1.5 million copies sold in 2007 . In 2008 , sales remained at an average of 1.46 million , the number of subscribers was just under 630,000 ( 2007 : 640,000 ) .
Target group
At the beginning , the target group was a young readership with a `` slightly male focus '' ; at the time of its monthly publication , the paper was conceived as a `` second edition of the programme '' , as it did not yet contain a complete programme section at that time . The magazine was mainly bought by readers who were unfamiliar with established magazines such as Hörzu or TV Hören und Sehen . They then tried to establish a new type of magazine by switching to a biweekly publication method , which eventually succeeded .
Market response
Since the concept of the sheet-makers worked ( `` Sprengmeister der etablierten Ordnung '' ) and the success could no longer be overlooked , Bauer Verlag reacted and released its own feature film title TV Movie in December 1991 , which copied the concept of TV Spielfilm and thus triggered a charge of plagiarism .
The evaluation of feature films by symbols ( `` high '' , `` cross '' and `` deep thumbs '' ) , which was carried out for the first time in TV Spielfilm , has been adopted by almost all TV guides in a modified form ( stars , points ) over the course of time ; even in free supplements , ratings now appear in some cases . In the same way , the timeline , in which simultaneous program parts are almost eroded in a horizontal line , became a model for established journals as well as for journals that later appeared . The biweekly publication became the model for later magazines such as tv14 , which was the best-selling TV guide on the market in 2007 .
Online
Website
TV Spielfilm operates an extensive internet portal tvspielfilm.de with information on many TV and cinema films and a complete TV programme even for exotic pay TV programmes and Dutch TV channels . The user can also find the daily tips here .
After a free registration the user can adapt this offer by selecting their own favourite stations and dividing them into groups of five . The linear day program can then be displayed next to each other for the stations in a group . When searching , which can also search for programme formats and feature film genres , registered users can also restrict the channels searched to their favourite stations . Registered users can reserve shipments and be notified by e-mail a few hours before the broadcast . Users are also notified if a film marked in the film archive appears on television in five days .
Apps
TV Spielfilm offers mobile apps for Android , iOS and Windows Phone , which include the complete TV program as well as daily tips in various categories . The applications have a notification function for TV programs and a customizable channel list . Since the settings are tied to the phone , there is no registration . On the iPad , there are different views for the program , while on the other devices all programs are always sorted by time and , if necessary , by position of the station in the personal channel list . The free apps are financed by advertising .
TV Spielfim XXL
TV Spielfilm XXL is an extended version of the program guide , which appears simultaneously with the standard version , but includes more programs . In addition to conventional Free TV , the digital programme bouquets of Sky Deutschland , Vodafone Kabel Deutschland , Unitymedia , Kabelkiosk , Telekom Entertain are also published . A total of more than 100 programs are listed . For the Free TV channels , however , fewer feature film ratings are included than in the normal TV Spielfim .
TV Spielfilm live
TV Spielfilm live is the streaming media service of TV Spielfilm which was launched in July 2015 . The service can optionally be used completely free of charge with access to 50 TV channels , but in SD quality and with advertising . The access to more than 70 TV channels in HD quality and without advertising cost 9,99 Euro per month . The offer is similar to the service of Zattoo , Magine TV or Waipu.tv .
References
External links
1990 establishments in Germany
Biweekly magazines published in Germany
German-language magazines
Listings magazines
Magazines established in 1990
Magazines published in Hamburg
Television magazines
Xestia sincera is a moth in the family Noctuidae . Its wingspan is , and it can be found in the Nordic countries .
References
External links
Lepiforum.de
Xestia
Moths of Europe
Victory Challenge was a Swedish yacht racing team that competed in 2003 America 's Cup and 2007 America 's Cup . The team was initiated in 1999 by Swedish business person Jan Stenbeck , and after their death in August 2002 , their son Hugo Stenbeck took over .
They also participated in the Louis Vuitton Cup 2007 , the challenger selection series held prior to the 2007 America 's Cup . It was sponsored primarily by Red Bull .
References
External links
America 's Cup teams
Sports teams in Sweden
2001 establishments in Sweden
Jon Purdie ( born 22 February 1967 ) is an English former professional footballer who is currently the coach of Samui United Academy Under-15s .
Career
Purdie started their career at Arsenal , playing in the youth team alongside Tony Adams , Paul Merson and David Rocastle . They moved to Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1985 , and went on to make more than 100 appearances for the club , with one manager at Wolves , Sammy Chapman , placing a £1 million price tag on him . Wolves released them shortly after the 1988 Associate Members ' Cup Final at Wembley Stadium , for which they were cup-tied . Purdie opted to go part-time with several non-league clubs , a particular highlight coming during a third-round FA Cup tie in 1994 for Kidderminster Harriers against Birmingham City , where their 25-yard shot beat Ian Bennett in the Birmingham goal and put Kidderminster into the fourth-round draw .
Purdie played at Telford United and Worcester City , before turning their hand to management , first managing the youth team before partnering Steve Palmer in 2012 to manage the first team at AFC Wulfrunians . In April 2013 , Purdie made a substitute appearance for Wulfs away at Darlaston Town in the West Midlands Regional League Premier Division , on the way to managing Wulfrunians to the title .
Purdie recently published an autobiography .
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
People from Corby
English footballers
Association football wingers
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C . players
Cambridge United F.C . players
Oxford United F.C . players
Brentford F.C . players
Shrewsbury Town F.C . players
Cheltenham Town F.C . players
Kidderminster Harriers F.C . players
Telford United F.C . players
Worcester City F.C . players
A.F.C . Wulfrunians players
English Football League players
National League ( English football ) players
English football managers
A.F.C . Wulfrunians managers
Bilston Town F.C . managers
Firelands Regional Medical Center ( formerly known as Firelands Community Hospital ) is a 400+ bed not-for-profit medical center in Sandusky , Ohio , United States . The medical center had 9,678 admissions , 3,162 inpatient procedures , 7,704 outpatient surgeries , and its emergency department had 47,208 visits . Firelands Regional Medical Center is the only hospital in Erie County serving more than 10,000 inpatients and over 45,000 ER patients annually and is the largest year-round employer . The medical center is a level 3 trauma center and accredited by the American Osteopathic Association 's Healthcare Facilities Accreditation Program .
History
Today 's Firelands Regional Medical Center is the combination of three former Sandusky hospitals into one regional medical center providing state-of-the-art medical care . It began with the laying of the cornerstone for the former Good Samaritan Hospital on June 27 , 1876 , followed by the Sisters of Charity of St. Augustine based in Cleveland founding Providence Hospital in 1902 . In 1923 , the Diocesan boundaries were redrawn and the Sisters of St. Francis of Sylvania , Ohio assumed sponsorship . In 1985 , Good Samaritan Hospital and Sandusky Memorial Hospital merged , becoming Firelands Community Hospital . In 2001 Firelands Community Hospital and Providence Hospital merged to become Firelands Regional Medical Center - the largest health system in the five county area .
School of Nursing
The Firelands Regional Medical Center School of Nursing is fully accredited and located on hospital property . Ownership transferred to the hospital in 2001 .
Rankings and achievements
In 2009 , Firelands Regional Medical Center was listed as one of the 100 Best Places to Work in Healthcare .
The American College of Radiology designated Firelands Regional Medical Center as a Breast Imaging Center of Excellence .
In 2009 , HealthGrades awarded Firelands Regional Medical Center the Vascular Surgery Excellence Award which has been awarded to only 52 of the approximately 5000 hospitals evaluated .
References
External links
Firelands Regional Medical Center
Hospitals in Ohio
Buildings and structures in Sandusky , Ohio
Trauma centers
Guitar Hero Smash Hits ( titled Guitar Hero The Greatest Hits in Europe and Australia ) is a music rhythm game and the fourth expansion game to the Guitar Hero series . The game features 48 songs originally featured in five previous games in the series—Guitar Hero , Guitar Hero II , Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s , Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock and Guitar Hero : Aerosmith—redesigning the songs to be based on master recordings and to include support for full band play first introduced to the series in Guitar Hero World Tour . The game was developed by Beenox , published by Activision and distributed by RedOctane for release on the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Wii , and Xbox 360 systems and was released around the world in the second half of June 2009 .
The game reuses many elements from previous titles in the series , including Guitar Hero World Tour and Guitar Hero : Metallica . Beenox designed the game around playing the greatest songs of the series at venues located in the greatest places on Earth , and created venues based on various Wonders of the World for the game . While the game 's soundtrack and expansion into a four-player band were well received by reviewers , the game was highly criticized for being a full-cost standalone title instead of being downloadable content for existing games in the series .
Gameplay
Guitar Hero : Smash Hits plays similar to Guitar Hero World Tour , featuring support for a four-instrument band : lead guitar , bass guitar , drums , and vocal . In addition to using master recordings for each song , the songs have been charted to use gameplay features introduced in World Tour including the open bass strumming & slider sections for intense solos using the touchpad on the guitar bundled with World Tour . Certain songs have been recharted or remixed to be more accessible to the full band ; for example , `` I Love Rock N Roll '' includes a drum and vocals solo without guitar portions that were omitted in the original Guitar Hero , while the piano introduction in `` Killer Queen '' is tapped out by the lead guitar player . The game borrows gameplay and graphical elements from Guitar Hero : Metallica , including the `` Expert+ '' difficulty level using two bass drum pedals and the rearrangement of on-screen meters for band mode . Smash Hits includes a Music Studio creation mode and is compatible with the `` GHTunes '' custom song sharing service present in World Tour and Metallica . Smash Hits also includes all the game modes present in World Tour , including single player and band career modes , and the eight-player `` Battle of the Band '' mode .
The game presents a story sequence that ties in with the Career mode , as has been present in more recent Guitar Hero games . In Smash Hits , the players are challenged by the `` God of Rock '' to play at venues at various Wonders of the World in order to charge a power artifact ; it is revealed later that the God of Rock is actually Lou the Devil in disguise seeking the power of the artifact , the real God trapped by Lou . The player 's band is able to discover Lou 's deception and free the God of Rock ; the band then rejects the God of Rock 's offer of ascension to immortality , instead wanting to return to Earth to continue to rock . After completing each venue , the players earn venue-specific clothing to customize their avatars . The career mode follows the same star-tier system used in Metallica , requiring players to earn a fixed number of stars to proceed from one tier to the next . As with Guitar Hero : Metallica , all songs are available to play in Quickplay mode without unlocking them through the career mode .
Development
Guitar Hero : Smash Hits was one of three new titles for the Guitar Hero series announced in early 2009 . Though the game was initially called Guitar Hero : Greatest Hits , cover art for the game in North America had shown the title had changed to Guitar Hero : Smash Hits . The game was still released as Guitar Hero : Greatest Hits in Europe and Australia .
Paul Gadbois , developer at Beenox Studios , identified that their goal for the game was to focus on the music from the past games in the Guitar Hero series , and that the selection of the soundtrack was one of the core features they focused on first . Songs were selected based on several factors , including songs that were not formerly available to Wii and PlayStation 3 owners , and songs that played well in both single player and band modes . They also thought of playing the `` greatest songs '' in the `` greatest places '' , and developed eight new venues based on Wonders of the World , including `` Amazon Rain Forest '' , `` The Polar Ice Caps '' and `` The Grand Canyon '' . The team opted to reuse the original Guitar Hero characters instead of attempting to bring in musical celebrities as was done in Guitar Hero World Tour and Guitar Hero : Metallica , fearing that the star power would have outshone the music selection . Beenox performed all of the major development efforts , including designing the venues , selecting the songs , and creating the note tracks , though Neversoft provided their own development tools and provided Beenox with their own insight from developing the other Guitar Hero games in the series . While the Beenox developers were provided with the note charts from the songs in their original games , they only looked at these after developing new charts for the songs on their own , and modified their new charts to accommodate sections from the originals that made them fun to play in the first place . The game 's full setlist was revealed over the course of April and May 2009 by allowing users to vote on the order of the remastered tracks from the four previous games .
In North America , various retailers provided pre-order incentives for those who reserved Smash Hits . GameStop and EB Games gave away a pair of branded drumsticks with the game . Best Buy provided a discount towards any Guitar Hero World Tour-related product with pre-orders of the game , and provided a limited supply of extra drum bass pedals for the `` Expert+ '' mode with purchase of the game . Game Crazy offered exclusive cheat codes as their incentive .
Soundtrack
All 48 tracks in the game are master recordings of songs previously featured in the first five published games of the Guitar Hero series : Guitar Hero , Guitar Hero II , Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s , Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock , and Guitar Hero : Aerosmith . `` Freya '' and `` Cult of Personality '' are re-recordings performed by The Sword and Living Colour , respectively , while two other songs are taken from live concert recordings ; all other songs are based on original studio recordings . Although the game supports user-created songs through the `` GHTunes '' service ( common to Guitar Hero World Tour and Guitar Hero : Metallica ) , other existing downloadable content does not work with Smash Hits . Songs in either the Career single player or band mode are arranged in tiers roughly in order of difficulty for the particular instrument , with different orders for each of the five Career paths . However , all songs are playable from the game 's `` Quickplay '' mode without completing any Career goals . Twenty-one of the songs were exportable to both Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero for a small fee , with music licensing limiting which songs could be exported . The songs included in the game are as follows .
Also available as DLC for Guitar Hero 5 and Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock . The charts are different for the Wii , but the charts are the same as the Smash Hits version for the PS3 and Xbox 360 .
Not available as part of the Smash Hits export package but is available as DLC for Guitar Hero 5 and Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock .
Also available as DLC for Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock .
Song does not contain a vocals track .
Song contains both a single and double bass drums chart .
Reception
Guitar Hero : Smash Hits received moderate praise from reviews , many of which cited that the game itself demonstrates the over-saturation of the music game market and the sheer number of titles with the Guitar Hero series that Activision has marketed . Chris Roper of IGN summarized that the game `` is the definition of 'milking ' '' , noting that , save for the PlayStation 2 version , all of the songs in the game could have been distributed as downloadable content or reused within other compatible titles . Jeff Gerstmann of Giant Bomb commented that `` something about the game 's full [ ... ] price tag does n't quite feel right '' and reaffirmed that being able to select a handful of the songs to play again would have been a preferred method of distribution . Tom Bramwell of Eurogamer further suggested that a simultaneous release of both the retail product and the same songs as downloadable content would have been an improvement . Chris Kohler of Wired listed Smash Hits on a list of `` raw deals '' for gamers , citing Activision 's approach that results in `` players end up paying more for segregated song lists '' , and contrasted the approach to that of the Rock Band series , in which downloadable content is integrated into existing games . Game Informer '' 's Matt Helgeson noted that , ultimately , the cost per song was still cheaper than current prices for downloadable content , but they still felt the game 's purpose was solely for `` creating revenue for Activision '' .
The song selection , use of master recordings , and expansion to the full-band experience were praised . Dan Amrich of Official Xbox Magazine called the selection an `` excellent selection of material '' that avoided the most popular songs in favor of those that `` are the most fun to play '' . Addition of full band tracking for the songs was considered helpful to avoid making the game 's material feel like `` warmed-over leftovers from the series ' past '' , according to Gerstmann . The mixing of some of the songs was also considered to be off , with Roper specifically noting a too-loud bass and too-soft vocals for `` No One Knows '' . Roper noted that the PlayStation 2 version of the game suffered from graphics `` stuttering '' , making it difficult to hit notes even after refining the game 's controller calibration , considering the impact as `` crippling the game '' .
The game 's note tracks were particularly analyzed and compared with the songs ' previous versions in the older games . While the note-tracking has generally been improved to avoid `` walls of notes '' —long sections of fast-moving notes requiring significant skill to surpass—these patterns are significantly different from their previous incarnation and may take some getting used to . Roper also noted that the new features of Guitar Hero World Tour , particularly the use of `` slider notes '' that use either the World Tour touchpad or simple tapping without strumming on any other guitar controller 's frets , makes many of the more difficult parts of the songs easily passed , requiring less technical skill to complete ; Roper cited their ability to easily pass the first solo in what is considered to be the series ' most difficult song , `` Through the Fire and Flames '' in Smash Hits while they could not pass this section on Guitar Hero III . In contrast , Abbie Heppe of G4 TV found the recreation of the note tracking to have `` varying degrees of success '' , noting that while some of the guitar solos are more manageable , there were questionable sections in other songs arising from the nature of Star Power phrases when it was changed in Guitar Hero III . Gerstmann said that the difficulty of the non-lead guitar portions of the game was not as high as that of the lead guitar , primarily due to these songs ' having been selected originally for being played by guitar controllers and not by a full band . Heppe suggests that some of these problems may be due to the farming out of the series to a different developer with no previous experience in the series . However , Bramwell was careful to note that Beenox Studios ' effort on the game was strong , particularly with following the Guitar Hero : Metallica '' model , and their effort should not be dismissed due to how Activision chose to release the title .
References
External links
Official site
2009 video games
Cooperative video games
Drumming video games
Guitar Hero
Guitar video games
Karaoke video games
Music video games
Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 3 games
Video game remakes
Video games developed in Canada
Wii games
Wii Wi-Fi games
Xbox 360 games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Beenox games
Joel Armstrong ( born 25 September 1981 ) is a footballer who played in The Football League for Chesterfield .
Career
Armstrong started their career at their local team Chesterfield where they made six appearances . They spent time on loan at Ilkeston and Bradford Park Avenue before being released by Chesterfield in 2002 . Since then , they have played for Staveley Miners Welfare , Matlock Town , Sheffield and Ossett Town .
References
External links
English footballers
Chesterfield F.C . players
Ilkeston Town F.C . ( 1945 ) players
Staveley Miners Welfare F.C . players
Matlock Town F.C . players
Sheffield F.C . players
Ossett Town F.C . players
English Football League players
1981 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Bradford ( Park Avenue ) A.F.C . players
Heka may refer to :
Heka ( god ) , the deification of magic in Egyptian mythology
Lambda Orionis , a star in the constellation of Orion , also known by the traditional names `` Meissa '' and `` Heka ''
Phenom II , core name for a triple-core in the Phenom II CPU-line from AMD
The 1897 Atlantic hurricane season was an inactive season , featuring only six known tropical cyclones , four of which made landfall . There were three hurricanes , none of which strengthened into major hurricanes , which are Category 3 or higher on the modern-day Saffir–Simpson hurricane wind scale . The first system was initially observed south of Cape Verde on August 31 , an unusually late date . The storm was the strongest of the season , peaking as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 100 mph ( 155 km/h ) . While located well north of the Azores , rough seas by the storm sunk a ship , killing all 45 crewmen . A second storm was first spotted in the Straits of Florida on September 10 . It strengthened into a hurricane and tracked northwestward across the Gulf of Mexico , striking Louisiana shortly before dissipating on September 13 . This storm caused 29 deaths and $ 150,000 ( 1897 USD ) in damage .
The third storm developed in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico on September 20 . It tracked along the East Coast of the United States , causing widespread damage , particularly in Florida . A fourth storm was first observed in the northwestern Caribbean Sea on September 25 . This storm moved in a semicircular path around Cuba and was last noted offshore Florida four days later . Minor wind and flood damage was reported in Cuba . On October 9 , the fifth hurricane of the season was located near the Windward Islands . Moving westward , the storm eventually curved northeastward while crossing the Caribbean Sea , causing it to strike Cuba . Minor damage was reported on the island , though a ship sank with 230 people aboard ; 42 of them were rescued , while the remaining 188 were presumed dead . The final observed system developed in the vicinity of the Bahamas on October 23 . It later struck the Outer Banks of North Carolina ; the storm caused severe flooding in southeastern Virginia , with six deaths reported . It was last noted on October 29 .
Timeline
Systems
Hurricane One
The first hurricane of the season was observed near Cape Verde , beginning at 0600 UTC on August 31 . Initially a tropical storm , it slowly strengthened while heading west-northwestward , reaching hurricane status on September 1 . Curving northwestward , the storm intensified further into a Category 2 hurricane on September 3 . It continued heading northwestward until curving to the northeast late on September 6 . Around 1130 UTC on the following day , the storm attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 100 mph ( 155 km/h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of . Early on September 9 , the system weakened to a Category 1 , before transitioning into an extratropical cyclone well north of the Azores later that day . The extratropical remnants continued weaken , before dissipating west of Ireland on September 10 . The crew of the barkentine St. Peter reported that another ship capsized with 45 men aboard ; all of them drowned .
Hurricane Two
A second hurricane was spotted in the Straits of Florida at tropical storm intensity on September 10 . Several hours later , the system made landfall in Marquesas Keys , Florida . Early on September 11 , it strengthened into a hurricane . Intensifying slightly further , the storm peaked with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph ( 140 km/h ) shortly thereafter . The hurricane maintained this intensity while moving west-northwestward across the Gulf of Mexico and struck extreme southwestern Cameron Parish , Louisiana early on September 13 . Shortly thereafter , it weakened to a tropical storm over Texas , before dissipating several hours later .
No impact was reported in the Florida Keys . Strong winds in southwestern Louisiana damaged crops and toppled windmills . Offshore , boats and schooners suffered severe damage from wind-driven waves . Severe damage occurred in eastern Texas , with strong winds and storm surge damaging or destroying numerous buildings , houses , and crops in several cities , including Beaumont , New Sabine Pass , Orange , Sabine Pass , and Port Arthur . The storm was considered the worst in Orange since 1875 . Overall , the storm caused at least 29 fatalities in Texas , with six died at Port Arthur , three offshore , four in Sabine Pass , and sixteen others at Beaumont . Damage in the state reached approximately $ 150,000 .
Tropical Storm Three
The third storm of the season was first observed in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico on September 20 . Strengthening while heading northeastward , the system made landfall near Boca Grande , Florida with winds of 70 mph ( 110 km/h ) early on the following day . Heavy rainfall in Tampa caused the streets and sideways to become inundated , leaving portions of the city impassable , especially areas adjacent to the DeSoto Hotel . Two fire stations were severely damaged . On the east coast of Florida , the worst impact occurred in Cocoa , where some buildings were destroyed and others were deroofed . Further north in Fernandina Beach , ships in the harbor broke loose and tossed about , leaving considerable damage .
Although the storm weakened while crossing Florida , it later re-strengthened after emerging into the Atlantic Ocean later on September 21 . The system moved northeastward and made landfall near Hatteras , North Carolina at 1000 UTC on September 23 , with winds of 70 mph ( 110 km/h ) . In eastern North Carolina , strong winds and high tides were observed in New Bern . Shortly thereafter , it re-emerged into the Atlantic Ocean . The system began weakening , while making two landfalls on September 24 , the first on Long Island , New York , and the second near New London , Connecticut . Thereafter , the storm accelerated to the northeast and weakened to a tropical depression over New Brunswick early on September 25 . Several hours later , the system dissipated offshore southeastern Labrador .
Tropical Storm Four
Early on September 25 , a tropical storm was spotted about west of Grand Cayman . It moved slowly northwestward and passed near Cape San Antonio , Cuba early on September 27 . The storm then entered the Gulf of Mexico and began strengthening while curving northward . On September 28 , the system attained its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 45 mph ( 75 km/h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of . Early on September 29 , the storm curved eastward and dissipated several hours later offshore Florida . In Cuba , the storm brought strong winds and heavy rainfall as far east as Havana , causing flooding , `` but no great damage '' .
Hurricane Five
The fifth tropical cyclone of the season was first observed near the Windward Islands on October 9 . It moved west-northwestward across the Caribbean Sea and remained at that intensity for several days . The storm curved in a northwesterly direction by October 14 while located over the northwestern Caribbean Sea , and then northeastward on the following day . Eventually , it began to strengthen and reached hurricane intensity early on October 18 . Several hours later , the hurricane made landfall in modern-day Sancti Spíritus Province , Cuba with winds of 80 mph ( 130 km/h ) . Minimal damage was reported in Cuba . However , the ship Triton sank offshore Pinar del Río Province with 230 men aboard . Forty-two people were rescued by passing ships , while the remaining 188 died , including the captain , who committed suicide .
The system weakened while crossing Cuba and fell to tropical storm intensity early on October 19 . Around that time , the storm emerged into the Atlantic Ocean near the central Bahamas . Crossing through the islands , the system curved north-northeastward and began to accelerate . It did not re-strengthen and made landfall near Cape Hatteras , North Carolina with winds of 65 mph ( 100 km/h ) . Strong winds and rainfall totals ranging from were observed along the coast of North Carolina . Strong winds were reported in portions of the Northeastern United States , with the highest wind speed being , observed in Block Island , Rhode Island . Reemerging into the Atlantic Ocean , this system continued rapidly northeastward , before becoming extratropical offshore New England on October 21 .
Tropical Storm Six
The final tropical cyclone was located over the Bahamas on October 23 . It moved north-northeastward and remained at the same intensity . By October 25 , the storm began executing a cyclonic loop while offshore the East Coast of the United States . Around that time , the system attained its peak intensity with winds of 65 mph ( 100 km/h ) . Moving southwestward , the storm made landfall near Duck , North Carolina at 2300 UTC on October 25 , at the same intensity . Early on October 26 , the system curved southeastward and quickly moved offshore . It then moved eastward and later to the northeast , before becoming extratropical on October 29 .
Along much of the East Coast of the United States , the Weather Bureau warned about gales and rough seas . From Cape Hatteras , North Carolina to Maine , storm surge and tides resulted in considerable damage to boardwalks and beach cottages . In Virginia , storm surge caused a number of small crafts and a few ships to be washed ashore or destroyed . The James River rose to above high tide . A few cities experienced coastal flooding , including Chincoteague and Norfolk . The Willoughby Spit was split by the tides , washing away the Old Point Comfort railroad tracks . Cedar Island was `` leveled to a mere flat breath of sand '' . Six fatalities were reported in Virginia , four of them from drowning in Newport News , while the other two were caused by electrocution .
See also
List of tropical cyclones
Atlantic hurricane season
References
External links
Monthly Weather Review
1897 meteorology
1897 natural disasters
Maccan River may refer to :
Maccan River ( Nova Scotia ) , a small tidal river tributary of River Hebert , contained completely within Cumberland County , Nova Scotia , Canada
Maccan River ( Anticosti Island ) , a tributary of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence in L'Île-d'Anticosti , Quebec , Canada
Rosa Albina Garavito ( born 7 March 1947 in Santa Cruz , Sonora ) is a Mexican politician and scholar .
A graduate of the Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León ( UANL ) , Garavito has served in the lower and upper house of the Mexican Congress representing the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) . They taught at the Autonomous University of Baja California ( UABC ) , UANL and Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana ( UAM ) Azcapotzalco campus .
References
Living people
1947 births
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico )
Members of the Senate of the Republic ( Mexico )
Women members of the Senate of the Republic ( Mexico )
Party of the Democratic Revolution politicians
Women members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Mexico )
Autonomous University of Nuevo León alumni
Autonomous University of Baja California faculty
Autonomous University of Nuevo León faculty
Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana faculty
20th-century Mexican politicians
20th-century Mexican women politicians
Dept . H is an American comic book series created by Matt Kindt and published through Dark Horse Comics . The first issue , released on April 20 , 2016 , sold an estimated 9300 copies . According to the review aggregation website Comic Book Roundup , it received mostly positive reviews , averaging 8.6/10 based on 24 reviews from critics .
The story is about a suspicious death in an underwater research laboratory and the subsequent investigation led by the victim 's daughter .
Film adaptation
On September 28 , 2021 , it was announced that streaming service Netflix was developing a film adaptation of the comic book series to be directed by Alice Waddington .
References
Dark Horse Comics titles
2016 comics debuts
Mary K. Estes , Ph.D is a professor at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas . Them courses include microbiology , and virology ; they are also the co-director of the Translational Biology and Molecular Medicine Graduate Program at Baylor College of Medicine . There are two main viruses that their research is based on , rotaviruses and noroviruses . The main goal of their research are to study how the viral proteins interact with the receptors of the intestinal cells ; they are also looking into different ways to deliver virus-like particles to prevent these viruses from causing infections . Estes has achieved many awards and recognition in their time as a virologist . They are also a member of multiple foundations and professional societies .
Contributions to virology
Estes has studied rotaviruses and noroviruses . Although rotaviruses can infect animals , the research Estes performs concerns its effects on children . In the 2009 article Rotaviruses : from pathogenesis to vaccination Estes explains the life-threatening side effects of rotavirus infection and the vaccinations that are now being used as a preventative measure . Efforts , by others to develop a successful vaccine against the virus started in the 1980s . Two vaccines were eventually developed —RotaTeq and Rotarix ; however , there has been some concern about their safety due to a small increased risk of intussusception . Estes ' research group is credited with discovering a novel enterotoxin involved in rotavirus pathology , as well as the effect of histoblood group antigens on an individuals susceptibility to norowalk virus infection . Estes 's laboratory continues to research the molecular mechanisms involved in the pathology of gastrointestinal viruses using recombinant virus-like particles to probe their structure and function . They are also , through collaboration , working on vaccine development for the noroviruses that they study . Them research group was the first to succeed at growing noroviruses in human intestinal cell cultures .
Awards and recognition
A full list of awards is available for viewing on the Baylor College of Medicine faculty page of Mary K. Estes . They have been elected a fellow to both the National Academy of Sciences and the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
Recent awards include :
American Association for the Advancement of Science , `` Fellow '' ( 01/2000 )
Researcher/Investigator of the Year , Crohn 's & Colitis Foundation Gold Key Award , `` Receiver '' ( 01/2000 )
Institute of Medicine , National Academy of Science , `` Member ( 01/2005 )
Academy of Medicine , Engineering , and Science of Texas , `` Member '' ( 01/2005 )
Cullen Foundation , `` Chair of Human and Molecular Virology '' ( 01/2006 )
National Academy of Sciences , Member ( 01/2007 )
AGA Distinguished Achievement Award , Receiver ( 01/2010 )
William Beaumont Prize ( 02/2018 )
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Baylor College of Medicine faculty
American virologists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Women virologists
Vincent Roberge ( born December 16 , 1997 ) is a Canadian curler from Lévis , Quebec . They currently skip their own team out of Saint-Romuald , Quebec .
Career
Roberge won their first Quebec Junior Curling Championship in 2017 , skipping their team of Julien Tremblay , Étienne Elmaleh and Fabien Roberge . This qualified them for the 2017 Canadian Junior Curling Championships , held January 21–29 in Esquimalt , British Columbia . At the championship , Roberge 's team just missed qualifying for the championship pool , finishing the round robin with a 2–4 record . They then went 3–1 in the seeding pool to finish the tournament with an overall 5–5 record . Two seasons later , Roberge won their second provincial junior title , qualifying their team of Jesse Mullen , Simon-Olivier Hebert and Bradley Lequin for the 2019 Canadian Junior Curling Championships in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan . Roberge and their team fared much better this time around , qualifying for the championship pool with a 4–2 round robin record . They then went 1–3 in the championship pool , ultimately finishing the tournament in sixth place .
Out of juniors , Team Roberge began competing on the World Curling Tour for the 2019–20 season . The team immediately found success on tour , winning the La Classique Ville de Lévis and the Dave Jones Stanhope Simpson Insurance Mayflower Cashspiel . They then finished runner-up at both the Challenge Casino de Charlevoix and the Finale de Circuit before winning the Vic Open Assurances Jean Gamache spiel in the new year . At the 2020 Quebec Tankard , the team qualified for the championship round with a perfect 6–0 record . They then went 2–1 in their next three games , good enough to earn them a spot in the 1 vs. 2-page playoff game as the number one seed . They then defeated Mike Fournier 7–2 in the 1 vs. 2 game before losing to the Alek Bédard rink 7–2 in the championship final .
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada , the qualification process for the 2021 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials had to be modified to qualify enough teams for the championship . In these modifications , Curling Canada created the 2021 Canadian Curling Pre-Trials Direct-Entry Event , an event where eight teams would compete to try to earn one of two spots into the 2021 Canadian Olympic Curling Pre-Trials . Team Roberge qualified for the Pre-Trials Direct-Entry Event as the third seed . The team qualified for the playoffs by going 3–0 in the A Event and then defeated Team J. T. Ryan 5–4 to earn the first spot in the Pre-Trials . The next month , the team competed in the Pre-Trials where they finished with a 2–4 record , not enough to reach the playoffs .
Personal life
Roberge is currently employed as an advisor at Primeau Vélo .
Teams
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Canadian male curlers
Curlers from Quebec
People from Lévis , Quebec
Tatlıkuyu , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kyprios ( foaled 18 May 2018 ) is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse . They were lightly raced in their early career , winning one race from two starts in each of their first two seasons . As a four-year-old in 2022 they emerged as a top-class stayer , winning the Vintage Crop Stakes and Saval Beg Stakes in Ireland before taking the Ascot Gold Cup , Goodwood Cup , Irish St. Leger and Prix du Cadran .
Background
Kyprios is a chestnut colt with a broad white blaze and two white socks bred by the Moyglare Stud . They race in the ownership of Moyglare Stud in partnership with Coolmore Stud 's Michael Tabor and Susan Magnier . In 2022 the horse 's ownership team was joined by Georg von Opel . The colt was sent into training with Aidan O'Brien at Ballydoyle .
They were from the sixteenth crop of foals sired by Galileo , who won the Derby , Irish Derby and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes in 2001 . Their other progeny include Australia , Frankel , Waldgeist , Nathaniel , New Approach , Rip Van Winkle , Found , Minding and Ruler of the World . Kyprios 's dam , Polished Gem won one minor race from five attempts , but has been a very successful broodmare , producing several other winners including Search For A Song , Free Eagle , Sapphire ( British Champions Fillies and Mares Stakes ) and Custom Cut ( Sandown Mile ) . Polished Gem is a daughter of the Irish 1,000 Guineas winner Trusted Partner .
Racing career
2020 : two-year-old season
Kyprios began their racing career in an eight and a half furlong maiden race on heavy ground at Galway Racecourse on 8 September when they started at odds of 9/4 in a seven-runner field . Ridden by Seamie Heffernan they settled just behind the leaders before producing a sustained late run to take the lead in the final strides and win by three quarters of a length from Lifetime Legend . A month later the colt was sent to England and moved up sharply in class to contest the Group 3 Zetland Stakes over ten furlongs at Newmarket Racecourse . With Ryan Moore in the saddle they started favourite but never looked likely to win and came home sixth of the eight runners behind Lone Eagle , beaten more than sixteen lengths by the winner .
2021 : three-year-old season
On 23 April Kyprios began their second season in the Blackwater Race over ten furlongs at Cork Racecourse when they were ridden by Heffernan and started the 15/2 fourth choice in a six-runner field . In a rough race , Kyprios hung to the right in the straight , recovered after being bumped by a rival , gained the advantage a furlong out and won by half a length from O'Reilly . Moore was in the saddle two weeks later when the colt was sent to England for a second time and started 7/2 second favourite for the Novibet Derby Trial Stakes over one and a half miles at Lingfield Park . They were in contention for most of the way but faded in the closing stages and finished fourth , ten lengths behind the winner Third Realm .
Kyprios was sent to Royal Ascot to contest the Queen 's Vase over fourteen furlongs but was withdrawn from the race after becoming distressed and breaking out of the starting stalls . They sustained bad bruising to their back and missed the rest of the season .
2022 : four-year-old season
Kyprios began their third campaign in the Listed Vintage Crop Stakes over fourteen furlongs at Navan Racecourse on 23 April when they were ridden by Moore and started the 5/1 second favourite behind their older sister Search For A Song in a nine-runner field which also included Baron Samedi ( Belmont Gold Cup Stakes ) and Leo De Fury ( Mooresbridge Stakes ) . Kyprios settled in second place behind the pacemaker Effernock Fizz before taking the lead inside the last quarter mile and after repelling a challenge from Search For A Song they drew away in the closing stages to beat their sister into second place by two and three quarter lengths . After the race O'Brien said : “ We always thought they were going to be very nice . They went to Ascot last year and jumped out under the stalls and they have n't run since then . They look like a stayer with a bit of class , they relished that trip . We liked them a lot last year and they have done well since then . They relax and they quicken . ''
On 13 May only three horses appeared to oppose Kyprios when they started at odd of 1/10 for the Group 3 Saval Beg Stakes over fourteen furlongs at the Leopardstown Racecourse . With Moore in the saddle they led from the start , drew away in the last quarter mile and won by fourteen lengths from the five-year-old Sunchart . O'Brien 's representative Chris Armstrong commented `` Aidan is very happy with him . He 's progressing nicely this year and has stepped up again from their last run . It was always the plan to go Navan , then here for the Saval Beg and head on to the Gold Cup at Ascot . It 's a tried and tested route so hopefully they follow in the footsteps and fingers crossed the next stop will be Ascot ... Their last furlong was probably their best . They were out in front and probably a bit idle but they really stretched in the last furlong . ''
The 2022 edition of the Ascot Gold Cup was run over two and a half miles on good to firm ground at Royal Ascot on 16 June and Kyprios , ridden by Moore , started the 13/8 favourite . Their eight opponents were headed by Stradivarius and also included Princess Zoe , Mojo Star ( runner-up in the Epsom Derby ) , Burning Victory ( Triumph Hurdle ) and Bubble Smart ( Prix Gladiateur ) . Kyprios settled in mid-division as the outsiders Earlofthecotswolds and Tashkhan set the pace , before moving to the outside and making progress approaching the final turn . They took the lead two furlongs from the finish and fought off a sustained challenge from Mojo Star to win by half a length , with Stradivarius a further three quarters of a length back in third place . Aidan O'Brien said `` We think he 's a horse who is going to come forward again . He 's brave , genuine and a great horse . Ryan gave them a marvellous ride and had belief in him . When they really wanted him , they answered . '' Moore said that the horse had not been suited by the slow pace commenting `` It was n't a nice race to ride . I did n't like the spot we were in as we were going slow . They were getting an easy time up front and I had to move them to the outside – I do n't like doing that . We got going and got to the front , and when Mojo Star has come to us , that 's when he 's clicked in . It was n't a true test today but they were much the best and there will be lots of good days with him . ''
Kyprios followed up their success with victory in the Group I Goodwood Cup in July , once again seeing off a hard-charging Stradivarius in a close finish .
Pedigree
Kyprios is inbred 3 × 4 to Northern Dancer , meaning that this stallion appears once in the third generation and once in the fourth generation of their pedigree .
References
2018 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Ireland
Racehorses trained in Ireland
Thoroughbred family 9-f
Irish Classic Race winners
The Aswan tribal clashes were a series of clashes east of Egypt 's southern city of Aswan between two local ethnic tribes : the Arab Al-Halayel ( Beni Helal ) clan and the Nubian Al-Dabodeya family . Shootings and stabbing occurred throughout the city following verbal insults between students from both sides at a local school on Wednesday , two days before the violence . Cars were torched and homes were looted and burned down . The army had intervened to contain the crisis following a call by Aswan 's governor . Vendetta killings are very common in Upper Egypt and can last across generations , but this recent outbreak of feudal violence was described by the police as `` the worst in recent memory '' , threatening to turn into a wide-scale ethnic conflict .
Friday
Violence erupted in the Al-Seel Al-Refy district late Friday April 4 , 2014 , leaving three people dead as a result of a long running tribal dispute . The clashes were sparked when a woman was harassed and students from both sides later sprayed offensive graffiti at a local school . The injured were taken to Aswan University Hospital under tight security to avoid acts of vengeance from both sides . Gunfights spread beyond the residential area to outside the local hospital and morgue near the city 's center , a few kilometers away from the touristic and commercial realms of the city .
Saturday
The next day , a second round of intense fighting left 20 people killed and more than fifty injured . The two sides used gunfire and Molotov cocktails resulting in several houses burned to the ground before security forces were able to stop the fighting on Saturday morning . Seventeen of the dead were from the Beni Helal clan . Prime Minister Ibrahim Mahlab formed a fact-finding committee on the incidents to uncover the reasons behind the bloodshed after meetings with the clashing sides and a visit to the scene of incidents .
Sunday
Nubian clan members blocked a main street with burning car tyres while members of the Beni Helal tribe set ablaze carts on another main road . At least two more people were killed and five other were wounded in renewed clashes after 48 hours of violence despite heightened security presence in the region . An angry mob from the Arab clan torched more new Nubian homes after collecting the bodies of their relatives to bury . The attack pushed armed Nubians to retaliate in pitched gun battles . Police struggled to disperse the mob fighting outside the hospital . In the wake of the deaths , the Interior Ministry announced that it had arrested three members of the Bani Hilal tribe that were allegedly involved in the fighting .
Domestic response
Egypt 's prime minister Ibrahim Mahlab and interior minister Mohamed Ibrahim traveled to Aswan on Saturday to meet governor Mostfa Yousri as well as tribal leaders involved to help defuse tensions and visited the site where the violence took place . Mahlab promised to arrest perpetrators and seize unlicensed weapons and military forces have already been deployed in the area to prevent further clashes . Security presence also intensified and a curfew was imposed when clashes were renewed on Sunday .
The military accused the Muslim Brotherhood of involvement in the strife . Another joint statement by the two clans accused `` invisible hands '' of igniting the feud . A former member of parliament who had previously mediated between the two sides , told Egyptian media that the handwriting in the graffiti insulting both tribes was the same and noted that a `` third party aimed to create strife . '' The undersecretary of the local Ministry of Endowment office claimed that a teacher who `` belongs to the Brotherhood '' drew the graffiti .
On 13 April 2014 , Al-Azhar Sheikh Ahmed el-Tayeb went to Aswan in order to complete mediation between the two rivals . el-Tayeb announced that a committee will be formed by Al-Azhar to supervise compensation .
References
2014 in Egypt
Conflicts in 2014
Lake View Township or Lakeview Township may refer to :
Lake View Township , Cook County , Illinois , now Lake View , Chicago
Lake View Township , Becker County , Minnesota
Lakeview Township , Carlton County , Minnesota
Lakeview Township , Burke County , North Dakota , in Burke County , North Dakota
Lakeville Township , Grand Forks County , North Dakota , in Grand Forks , North Dakota
Lake View Township , Lake County , South Dakota , in Lake County , South Dakota
Township name disambiguation pages
A multicellular thunderstorm cluster is a thunderstorm that is composed of multiple cells , each being at a different stage in the life cycle of a thunderstorm . It appears as several anvils clustered together . A cell is an updraft/downdraft couplet . These different cells will dissipate as new cells form and continue the life of the multicellular thunderstorm cluster with each cell taking a turn as the dominant cell in the group .
Description
The formation of multicellular thunderstorms implies that the updraft in the mother thunderstorm is offset from its downdraft . New cells usually form in the upwind ( usually western or southwestern ) part of the storm where the downdrafts of the mature cells meet the environmental wind , lifting air parcels and triggering new convection . The mature cells are thus usually in the center of the storm , and dissipating cells are usually in the downwind ( usually eastern or northeastern ) part of the storm .
Characteristics
The multicellular cluster can last for hours while each individual cell should only last for about 20 to 60 minutes . These storms can sometimes be severe and sometimes have awkward paths due to the thunderstorm sometimes not following the path of the cells that compose it . The typical hodograph , plot of the wind versus altitude , associated with it shows a linear wind shear with altitude The moderate vertical wind shear leads to the development of a non-symmetric surface convergence associated with the thunderstorm outflow , with the strongest convergence taking place on the downwind side from the storm 's motion . So while individual cells move along the windshear , the line moves at 30° of it , at 70 % of the mean wind speed in the layer .
The Convective available potential energy ( CAPE ) is moderate to large , usually between 800 and 1,500 J/kg . The radar structure of this type of thunderstorm is characterized by overhangs of reflectivity in the southwestern part of the cluster .
Threats
Any severe activity in one of these storms will most likely come from the dominant cell near or after its peak updraft strength . This is because there could be severe hail from a strong updraft that lasts only a short period of time , with damaging winds .
Rain is an important impact of such systems . The speed and direction at which the entire cluster of thunderstorms moves downstream make the difference in the amount of rain received in any one location . Individual cells might move downstream but additional cells forming upwind of the cluster can move directly over the path of the previous cell , forming training echoes .
A multicellular storm can sometimes develop into a mesoscale convective system ( MCS ) or be a squall line . Updrafts reform new cells continually at the leading edge of system with rain and hail following behind . Individual thunderstorm updrafts and downdrafts along the line can become strong , producing large hail and strong outflow of straight-line winds ahead of system . Tornadoes are only occasionally reported . In certain conditions , squall line can extend on a very long line , moving extremely rapidly , and become a derecho .
See also
Pulse storm
Supercell
References
External links
PDF at hs-staffserver.stjames.k12.mn.us
snrs.unl.edu
Severe weather and convection
Atmospheric electricity
Qatar Steel ( formerly QASCO ) was formed in 1974 as the first integrated steel plant in the Eastern Arabia region . Commercial production commenced in 1978 with the company becoming wholly owned by Industries Qatar in 2003 .
Business organization
Plant facilities include a Midrex process based DRI/HBI Combo Mega Module , electric arc furnaces with a ladle refining furnace , a continuous casting plant and rolling mills . Other auxiliaries include jetty facilities , a main power substation , quality control center , maintenance shops and facilities for sea/fresh water , compressed air , natural gas and a clinic . It is named in top four steel producers in the Middle East by MEED . Its mill site is located in Mesaieed Industrial Area south of Doha . The company also operates a UAE based subsidiary , Qatar Steel Company FZE .
History
Qatar Steel is the new corporate identity and the trade name for Qatar Steel Company , QSC . It was incorporated on October 14 , 1974 , by Emiri Decree No . 130 under its former name QASCO as the first integrated steel plant in a GCC countries . It was a joint venture between the Government of Qatar [ 70 % ] and two Japanese companies , Kobe Steel [ 20 % ] and Tokyo Boeki [ 10 % ] . It started its full operation and steel production in 1978 and in 1997 , shares of Kobe Steel and Tokyo Boeki were acquired by the Government of Qatar , which was later transferred to QatarEnergy and thereafter to Industries Qatar ( IQ ) during a reorganization in April 2003 .
Timeline
{ |
|width= '' 10 % '' |Year
|width= '' 90 % '' |Milestone
|-valign= '' top ''
|1974
|Qatar Steel was established on 14 October with its former name QASCO .
|-valign= '' top ''
|1978
|Commenced steel production .
|-valign= '' top ''
|1981
|Achieved 1 million tons of production for DR , EF , CC and RM .
|-valign= '' top ''
|1989
|Achieved 5 million tons of production from all plants .
|-valign= '' top ''
|1991
|Acquired Japanese Industrial Standards ( JIS ) mark certification .
|-valign= '' top ''
|1995
|Acquired ISO 9002 certification .
|-valign= '' top ''
| 1997
|Fully owned by the Government of Qatar .
|-valign= '' top ''
|1999
|Electric Arc Furnace 3 ( EAF3 ) commissioned with a capacity of 622,000MT.Acquired ISO 14001 Environmental Management Certification .
|-valign= '' top ''
|-valign= '' top ''
|2002
|Won accreditation to the ISO 14001 Environmental Management Programme .
|-valign= '' top ''
|2003
|Wholly owned and became one of the IQ companies.Marks 25th Silver Anniversary.Successfully implemented ERP e-Business Suite to improve productivityAchieves SASO certification.Achieves 15 million tons production of molten steel and billets .
|-valign= '' top ''
|2007
|Unveils new corporate identity with its new brand name Qatar Steel bearing the slogan “ We Make Steel Matter ” .
|-valign= '' top ''
|2008
|Celebrates 30 years in businessNamed in top four steel producers in the Middle East by MEED
|-valign= '' top ''
|2009
|Qatar Steel receives UKCARES Product Conformity in Steel for Reinforcement of Concrete Certificate ( BS 4449:2005 Grade B500B ) for sizes varying from 10.0mm~40.0mm .
|-valign= '' top ''
|2010
|Qatar Steel obtains Dubai Central Laboratory ( DCL ) Product Conformity in Steel for Reinforcement of Concrete Certificate ( BS 4449:2005Grade B500B ) for sizes varying from 10.0mm~40.0mm . ]
| }
Environmental commitment
Compared to other steel plants the Qatar Steel 's most significant advantage is that its production is based on DRI which uses clean raw material . It employs various methods of recycling and re-using production waste , basing its production process on the utilization of clean raw materials and , steel making technology that is the lowest producer of emission per ton .
Environment Management Program
Under an Environment Management Program , the company 's most significant environmental contribution is centered on diffusing dust emissions , which to a large degree are the results of technology utilized in the 1970s . The revamping of the dust collection system in the existing facilities is within the scope of these projects .
As a part of waste management , Qatar Steel continues to study various options to re-using / re-cycling its production waste . Palletizing DR product dust and EF dust , recycling of Refractory bricks and extracting iron from slag are some of the programs under progress . The utilization of used tyres as a carbon source in the steel melting process is an achievement in the right direction . This project may be able to contribute to solving or reducing a major community waste problem .
ISO 14001:2004
The company migrates to the new environmental ISO 14001:2004 standard as another move towards these globally accepted environment standards . The alignment of environmental objectives , targets and programs with the corporate HSE objective were considered significant achievements during this transition .
Facilities in Dubai
Qatar Steel Company FZE was established in August 2003 to produce steel wire-rod products .
The company operates two primary facilities at its 60,000 Sq . meter Jebel Ali Free Zone site . The facilities have a yearly production capacity of 280,000 tonnes of wire rods and 300,000 tons of bars .
See also
List of steel producers
Notes and references
External links
Qatar Steel Corporate Website , About Us
Steel companies of Qatar
Manufacturing companies established in 1974
Qatari companies established in 1974
Arisztid Dessewffy de Csernek et Tarkő ( ; 2 July 1802 , in Csákány ( present-day Čakanovce , Slovakia ) – 6 October 1849 , in Arad ) was a honvéd general in the Hungarian Army . They were executed for their part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848 , and is considered one of the 13 Martyrs of Arad . They commanded 100,000 men against Russian troops and surrendered because of the massive size of the encroaching Russian army . By doing so , they spared their men . On the night of their execution , they were said to be sleeping , with no anxiety about their impending death . They were executed around 4 AM by firing squad , along with two others . The Prince of Liechtenstein intervened at the last minute to spare the three from hanging , which was considered public humiliation .
Life
They were born into the wealthy Hungarian , evangelical Abaúj family . They graduated from high school in Kassa ( Košice ) and Eperjes ( Prešov ) and , at 18 , applied to the Imperial Army 5th ( Radetzky ) hussar regiment cadets . Over a long period of peace after the Napoleonic wars they served in the fifth Artillery corps of miners and the fifth hussar regiment . However , they did not favor a military career , and thus in 1839 at the rank of captain , decommissioned , got married and began farming in Eperjes . Their wife and children all died before the revolution .
After the 1848 revolution broke out they entered military service again on Sept. 22 , as a major in the National Guard and was involved in organizing the Saros county militia . On November 26 , they were promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and Brigade Commander of the Upper Tisza Corps .
They took part in 11 December battle and was in the engagement . On January 4 of 1849 , at the battle of Kassa they were commended for their valour and perseverance in leading their troops against General Schlik with minimal losses . They participated in the reorganization of the Upper Tisza Corps and victoriously fought against the Schleicher Corps . On February 14 , they were promoted to colonel . On 18 February , commanding a small cavalry force , they defeated an Imperial detachment . They distinguished themselves in this battle , and the battle of the spring campaign , for which they received the Hungarian Order of Military Merit III on April 18 , and on April 30 was appointed commander of the I Corps cavalry division . The Corps was present at the siege of Budapest . On June 2 they were given command of the IX Corps , and also received the appointment of major general .
On 5 July , they married a second time , to Emma Szinnyei Merse . Beginning in July , they were tasked as the top cavalry commander to hinder the advance of the Russian army . The cavalry were heavily engaged in the July 20 Tura battle . became corps commander . They took part in the August 5 Szőreg battle then again in the August 9 Timișoara battle . They handed over command of the army on August 16 to Colonel William Lazarus .
Death
After the final defeat and surrounding of the army , they had the opportunity to escape to Turkey , but one of their comrades , a Lieutenant-General , encouraged by Prince Franz von Liechtenstein , on 19 August next to Karánsebes laid down their arms before the Imperial troops . They were given terms that the soldiers would be spared but the officers would be subject to military discipline . General Liechtenstein later pleaded to their comrades at the military court to spare the lives of most , but to no avail ; the Arad military court sentenced them to death by hanging . However the prince was able to convince the court to execute them by firing squad , which was seen as less of an insult since it was a military death rather than a criminal one . They were executed in the second group of four in front of a firing squad .
The executed were buried around the Arad castle . Their body was later exhumed by their family and moved from the castle in secret . Their body has been resting at the Margonyai estate since 1850 .
References
1802 births
1849 deaths
People from Košice-okolie District
People executed by the Austrian Empire
Arisztid
The 13 Martyrs of Arad
Executed Hungarian people
Joler Gaan ( ) is an independent folk band from Dhaka , Bangladesh . It was established in 2006 .
Name
The term `` Joler Gaan '' consists of two Bengali words which reflect ideals of the band . `` Jol '' means water and `` Gaan '' means music or song in Bengali . Together they mean `` Music of Water '' .
Style
The lyrics are based on human stories . Few lyrics are collected from various sources . Some songs are especially written . Joler Gaan makes new instruments and sometimes customizes foreign ones . The instruments of Joler Gaan are usually portable , and do not require electric wires and jacks .
Discography
Otol Joler Gaan ( 12 April 2013 )
Patalpurer Gaan ( 1 June 2014 )
Noyon Joler Gaan ( 27 October 2019 )
Members
Current members
Rahul Anand – lyricist , composer , vocalist , flutes , clarinet and mandola
Mollik Oishorjo - vocalist , harmonium
Gopi Devnath – violin
Rana sarwar – cajon , percussion , guitar , piano
ABS Xem – vocalist , guitar
Md Masum – dhol , percussion
Dip Roy – double bass , pagli , podma totaban
DH Shuvo - sound engineer
Past members
Kanak Adittya
Shyamol Karmaker
Saiful Jurnal
Aseer Arman
Sheuli Bhattacharjee
Al Fahmi Kazi Bashar Kartik
Parijat Moumon
Sanjay Kumar Saha
Shariful Islam
Fazlul Kader Chowdhury Mithu
Notable performances
In 2006 , the band participated in the World Sufi Festival , Glasgow , Scotland . Joler Gaan also performed around Scotland . They played mystical spiritual songs of Old Masters . Joler Gaan performed in the National Museum of Scotland in Edinburgh .
References
External links
Musical groups established in 2006
Bangladeshi folk rock groups
Bangladeshi indie folk groups
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Merced County , California .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Merced County , California , United States . Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts ; these locations may be seen together in an online map .
There are 16 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in California
National Register of Historic Places listings in California
California Historical Landmarks in Merced County , California
References
Merced
Joanna of Portugal ( 6 February 1452 – 12 May 1490 ; , ) was a Portuguese regent princess of the House of Aviz , daughter of King Afonso V of Portugal and their first wife Isabel of Coimbra . They served as regent during the absence of their father in 1471 . They are venerated in the Catholic Church .
Early life
Joanna was the second child of Afonso , but after the early death of their older brother John in 1451 , they were recognized as heir presumptive and given the title of Princess of Portugal . Other children of the king were infantes . Upon the birth of their younger brother , the future John II of Portugal in 1455 , they ceased to be heir presumptive , but among the people they continued to be known as Princess Joanna .
From a young age , Joanna expressed a desire to become a nun ; however , as they were second-in-line to the throne , their father did not allow it .
During their military expedition to Tangier in 1471 , Joanna served as Regent of the Portuguese Kingdom .
Marriage proposals
After vehemently refusing several proposals of marriage , Joanna joined the Dominican Convent of Jesus in Aveiro in 1475 . Them brother had , by then , been given an heir , so the family line was no longer in danger of extinction , and thus they entered the convent that same year their nephew was born in 1475 . Still , they were compelled several times to leave the convent and return to court . They turned down an offer of marriage from Charles VIII of France , 18 years their junior . Them father abdicated in 1477 , died in 1481 , and was succeeded by their brother .
In 1485 , they received another offer , from the recently widowed Richard III of England , who was only 8 months younger . This was to be part of a double marital alliance , with their niece Elizabeth of York marrying their cousin , the future Manuel I . However , their death in battle , of which Joanna allegedly had a prophetic dream , halted these plans .
Late life
They continued to be a great supporter of their brother , John II of Portugal , throughout their reign and their life .
Joanna died on 12 May 1490 in Aveiro and was buried in the Convent of Jesus in Aveiro . They were beatified in 1693 by Pope Innocent XII . In honor of their beatification , an official account of their life was issued in Italian . Although they have not been canonized , in Portugal they are known as the Princess Saint Joanna .
Revival
In the early 18th century , the Portuguese nobility , clergy , and court had a revival in interest in the princess . During this time , the Portuguese artist Manuel Ferreira e Sousa was the most famous artist in this revival . They were contracted by various religious institutions , noblemen , and even the royal family to paint scenes from their life .
Ancestry
Notes
Sources
Dominican Martyrology : May 12
The Portuguese Princess 's Dream , Richard III Society - American Branch Web Site . Richard III Society . Retrieved 2010-02-26 .
External links
Princes of Portugal
Joan of Portugal
Regents of Portugal
15th-century Portuguese nuns
Portuguese Roman Catholic saints
Roman Catholic royal saints
Joan of Portugal
Joan of Portugal
Joan of Portugal
People from Lisbon
15th-century women rulers
Daughters of kings
Beatifications by Pope Innocent XII
Amathus Limassol was a Cypriot football club based in Limassol . The team played five times in Second Division . In September 1965 , it merged with Apollon Limassol and kept the name Apollon .
References
Association football clubs disestablished in 1965
Defunct football clubs in Cyprus
1965 disestablishments in Cyprus
Supanara Sukhasvasti na Ayudhya ( often S.N.A . for the second name ; ; RTGS : Suphanara Suksawat Na Ayutthaya , born June 11 , 1992 in Chiang Mai ) is a Thai long jumper . By winning the gold in the long jump at the 2009 World Youth Championships in Athletics , they became Thailand 's first ever finalist , medallist and champion in an athletics global event of any age category . They are also the Thai record holder in the long jump .
Career
At the 2009 World Youth Championships in Athletics , Suksawasti won the gold in the long jump with a distance of 7.65 m. They also won a silver in the triple jump with a distance of 15.70 m .
On 5 June 2010 , they became the first athlete of Southeast Asia to leap over 8.00 meters in long jump when they registered 8.04 ( +1.4 ) during the Asian Grand Prix in Bangalore . A few weeks later , they took the silver medal in the long jump behind Lin Ching-Hsuan at the 2010 Asian Junior Athletics Championships . At the 2011 Asian Athletics Championships in Kobe , Suksawasti won a silver medal in the long jump behind Chinese jumper Su Xiongfeng . It was their first medal in a senior meet .
Personal
Supanara Sukhasvasti na Ayudhya is a descendant of King Rama IV .
Personal bests
.
Key : NR = National record
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Supanara Sukhasvasti
Supanara Sukhasvasti
Supanara Sukhasvasti
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2014 Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games medalists in athletics
Supanara Sukhasvasti
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Supanara Sukhasvasti
Supanara Sukhasvasti
Supanara Sukhasvasti
Supanara Sukhasvasti
Hum Masala ( , formerly known as Masala TV ) is a 24-hour Urdu language food television channel launched on 22 November 2006 in Pakistan as part of the Hum Network Limited .
References
External links
Television stations in Pakistan
Television channels and stations established in 2006
Hum Network Limited
2006 establishments in Pakistan
Television stations in Karachi
The second season of Rookie Blue began airing on 23 June 2011 on both ABC and Global . The entire season one cast , led by Missy Peregrym , Ben Bass and Gregory Smith returned , whilst Melanie Nicholls-King continued to recur as Officer Noelle Williams .
Production
The series was renewed for a second 13-episode season on 12 July 2010 . Filming of the second season was scheduled to take place between 1 September 2010 and 24 January 2011 . Camille Sullivan joined the cast as Detective Jo Rosati . Lauren Holly guest starred as Elaine Peck , a Superintendent in charge of Operations at the Metropolitan Police Service .
Cast
Main Cast
Missy Peregrym as Officer Andy McNally
Gregory Smith as Officer Dov Epstein
Eric Johnson as Detective Luke Callaghan
Enuka Okuma as Officer Traci Nash
Travis Milne as Officer Chris Diaz
Charlotte Sullivan as Officer Gail Peck
Noam Jenkins as Detective Jerry Barber
Matt Gordon as Officer Oliver Shaw
Lyriq Bent as Sergeant Frank Best
Ben Bass as Officer Sam Swarek
Recurring
Melanie Nicholls-King as Officer Noelle Williams
Episodes
U.S. Nielsen ratings
The following is a table for the United States ratings , based on average total estimated viewers per episode , of Rookie Blue on ABC .
References
External links
for Global
for ABC
List of Rookie Blue episodes at The Futon Critic
List of Rookie Blue episodes at MSN TV
2011 Canadian television seasons
Shai Diego Hope ( born 10 November 1993 ) is a Barbadian cricketer , who plays international cricket for the West Indies cricket team and vice captains the side in limited over cricket .He is regarded as one of the best ODI batsmen in the contemporary world . At the age of 21 , they were called into the West Indies squad after they scored a double century against the Windwards Islands at the Kensington Oval on the last day of the 2014–15 Regional Four Day Competition . They made their international debut for the West Indies in May 2015 . In June 2018 , they were named the Men 's Cricketer of the Year , Test Cricketer of the Year and the ODI Cricketer of the Year at the annual Cricket West Indies ' Awards . The following year , they were named the ODI Player of the Year .
Personal life
Hope has an elder brother , Kyle Hope who also represented the West Indies in international cricket . They studied at Queens College and St. Bede 's school during their study life .
Early and domestic career
Hope was educated at Bedes Senior School in East Sussex , England under the guidance of former Sussex captain Alan Wells . Whilst at Bedes , Hope guided the 1st XI to the national 20/20 final where they scored a half century in a losing cause versus Millfield . During the 2012 season , Hope had a brief stint at local East Sussex side Chiddingly CC averaging 46 runs throughout the season with a top score of 61 . They also considered remaining in the United Kingdom at that time , with the intention to qualify to play for the England cricket team .
Hope has been described by the West Indian cricket writer and commentator Tony Cozier than `` A stylish No . 3 batsman whose 211 for Barbados against Windward Isles was the tournament 's only double-hundred '' . In 2017 , they were a key member of the Barbados team that won the Regional Super50 , scoring centuries in both the semi-final and final , and was named man of the match in both games .
In November 2019 , Hope was selected to play for the Rangpur Rangers in the 2019–20 Bangladesh Premier League . In July 2020 , they were named in the Barbados Tridents squad for the 2020 Caribbean Premier League .
International career
Hope made their Test debut against England on 1 May 2015 . In August 2016 , they were added to the West Indies squad for their Test series against India .
Hope made their One Day International ( ODI ) debut in the second match of the tri-series , against Sri Lanka . Their maiden ODI ton came on their second ODI , in the same tour against Zimbabwe , when they scored 101 during chasing the 257 runs . Their score did not change the game , where the match ended in a tie , which is the 34th tied ODI match and the first tied ODI match between the two teams and they were adjudged man of the match for their performance .
On 25 August 2017 , Hope scored their maiden Test ton in the second Test against England . They along with Kraigg Brathwaite put a 246-run partnership to lift the West Indies total to 427 . Chasing 322 in the second innings , Hope scored their second hundred and guided West Indies to a 5-wicket win . In the second innings also , Brathwaite and Hope added 144 runs as well . The win was West Indies ' first away victory over England since 2000 and Hope was awarded man of the match for their winning performances . Hope 's two centuries in the match against England marked the first time this feat had been achieved at Headingley Cricket Ground in first-class cricket . Their contribution in the 2017 tour of England was recognised in April 2018 when they were named one of the five Wisden Cricketers of the Year .
In December 2017 , Hope was added to the West Indies ' Twenty20 International ( T20I ) squad ahead of their series against New Zealand . They made their T20I debut for the West Indies against New Zealand on 29 December 2017 .
In October 2018 , Cricket West Indies ( CWI ) awarded Hope a contract across all formats of cricket for the 2018–19 season .
In May 2019 , Hope played in their 50th ODI match , in the opening fixture of the 2019 Ireland Tri-Nation Series . In that match , Hope and John Campbell made 365 runs for the opening wicket . It was the highest opening partnership in ODIs , and it was also the first time that both openers for the West Indies had scored 150 runs each in an ODI match . In the next match of the tri-series , against Bangladesh , Hope became the fastest batsman for the West Indies , in terms of number of innings , to score 2,000 runs in ODIs , doing so in their 47th innings .
Hope was named in the West Indies ' squad for the 2019 Cricket World Cup . The International Cricket Council ( ICC ) named Hope as the key player of the West Indies ' squad prior to the tournament . On 17 June 2019 , in the match against Bangladesh , Hope played in their 100th international match for the West Indies . Hope scored 96 runs facing 121 balls with 4 fours and a six against Bangladesh at Taunton , 17 June 2019 .
On 22 December 2019 , during the third match against India , Hope became the second-fastest batsman , in terms of innings , to score 3,000 runs in ODIs , doing so in their 67th innings .
In June 2020 , Hope was named in the West Indies ' Test squad , for their series against England . The Test series was originally scheduled to start in May 2020 , but was moved back to July 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
On 8 June 2022 Hope went on to score 127 against Pakistan in the first game of a three match ODI series played at the Multan Cricket Stadium . In so doing they became the 3rd fastest batsman of all time to compile 4000 runs in one day internationals and the 11th West Indian batsman to accomplish this feat .
Hope played their 100th ODI match on 24 July 2022 , scoring 115 against India in the second match of their bilateral series . Hope shared a fourth wicket stand of 117 with Nicholas Pooran but did so in a losing cause .
List of international centuries
Hope has scored two centuries in Test matches and 13 in One Day Internationals . Their highest Test score of 147 came against England at Leeds in August 2017 . Their highest ODI score of 170 came against Ireland at Dublin in May 2019 .
Test centuries
One Day International centuries
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
West Indies Test cricketers
West Indies One Day International cricketers
West Indies Twenty20 International cricketers
Barbados cricketers
Barbados Royals cricketers
Wisden Cricketers of the Year
Cricketers at the 2019 Cricket World Cup
People from Saint Michael , Barbados
Daniel W. Voorhees is a public artwork by American artist James Paxton Voorhees , located on the second floor alcove of the Indiana Statehouse behind the tourism desk . The statehouse is located in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States . Daniel W. Voorhees , nicknamed the `` Tall Sycamore of the Wabash '' for their tall stature , large head and broad shoulders , was a distinguished Indiana politician of the 19th century .
Description
Daniel W. Voorhees is a plaster sculpture that has been painted white . The bust measures by by . Voorhees gazes slightly upward to their proper left , and their proper right eyebrow is raised . Their hair is combed away from a side part on the proper left of their scalp . Their handlebar moustache obscures their mouth and reaches their chin in length . A frock coat with a notched lapel is worn over a vest and a high-collared shirt buttoned up to the neck , where a stock-tie is fastened into a bow . The bust sits upon a pedestal of olive branches that partially envelope a coat of arms or crest , which feature eleven stars and seven stripes .
A plaque beneath the bust provides the following information : `` Daniel Wolsey Voorhees ; born 9-26-1827 – died 4-9-1897 ; Congressman 1861–1865 , 1868–1873 ; United States Senator 1877–1897 ; Trial lawyer ; Orator ; Proponent for the Library of Congress . ''
Historical information
The artist of Daniel W. Voorhees was Daniel W. Voorhees ' son , James P. Voorhees ( 1855–1936 ) . The younger Voorhees spent 21 years as a secretary for their father . After the elder Voorhees ' death in 1897 , James P. Voorhees completed a bust of their father to memorialize their contribution to the establishment of the Library of Congress , which included planning and championing for the cause as chairperson of a Senate committee . The bust was presented to Governor James Frank Hanly ( 1905–1909 ) for the Indiana Statehouse .
Location history
In 1943 , Daniel W. Voorhees was located on the southeast corner pier of the third floor of the Indiana Statehouse , facing south . It was accompanied by Indiana , a sculpture which was located in the southwest corner pier . At the time , all other niches on the third floor were empty . By 1982 , in the northwest corner pier , Indiana State Stone joined Indiana and the bust of Voorhees on the third floor .
An additional copy of Daniel W. Voorhees can be found at the Vigo County Historical Society in Terre Haute , Indiana . This bust was donated to the Emeline Fairbanks Memorial Library in Terra Haute in 1906 .
Artist
James P. Voorhees was a sculptor , an actor , and a published author . They completed a bust of the ninth Vice President of the United States , Richard Mentor Johnson , in 1895 . The bust was placed in a niche in the United States Senate chamber . A year later , James P. Voorhees was nominated to sculpt a bust of the 14th Vice President of the United States , John C. Breckinridge . James P. Voorhees also completed busts of Thomas Jefferson and Napoleon Bonaparte .
Actor
In September 1897 , five months after their father 's death , James P. Voorhees performed a series of lecture-monologues with a style of oratory that reminded audience members of the senior Voorhees . A year later , James P. Voorhees started work on a bill to support the establishment of a national theater in Washington , D.C . The bill garnered endorsements from prominent actors of the time , such as Richard Mansfield , Henry Irving , E.H. Sothern , Henry E. Dixey , and Frank Daniels . It was introduced to the United States House of Representatives by Mr. Miers of Indiana on December 18 , 1902 .
Author
James P. Voorhees was a published author of several works of poetry and stories , including Caverns of Dawn ( 1910 ) . Their work , Flaws : A Story of Hoosierlands ( 1925 ) was written while living at the Hendrix Hotel in Plainfield , Indiana , later known as the Van Buren Hotel . James P. Voorhees also corresponded with James Whitcomb Riley , known as the “ Hoosier Poet . ”
References
External links
Full text of `` Caverns of Dawn ( 1910 ) '' by James P. Voorhees available on Google Books
Indiana Statehouse Tour Office
More images of Voorhees in Flickr
Voorhees , Daniel W .
Indiana Statehouse Public Art Collection
Monuments and memorials in Indiana
Plaster sculptures in the United States
Sculptures of men in Indiana
Mentuhotep was an ancient Egyptian queen of the Second Intermediate Period , wife of pharaoh Djehuti . Them main title was Great Royal Wife . Another title was Khenemetneferhedjet ( she who is united with the white crown ) .
Queen Mentuhotep is known from parts of their burial equipment found between 1822 and 1825 near Thebes at Dra ' Abu el-Naga ' by the Italian excavator Giuseppe Passalacqua . They found a canopic chest with cosmetic boxes . The objects were later sold to Berlin . Around 1832 John Gardner Wilkinson copied inscriptions of a coffin naming a queen with the same name . The original coffin is now lost . On the coffin it is stated that they were the daughter of the vizier Senebhenaf and of a woman called Sobekhotep . The inside of the coffin was decorated with different spells , many of them belong to the Egyptian Book of the Dead . Them coffin is one of the earliest sources for this funerary composition . It is not fully clear whether the coffin and the canopic chest were found in the same tomb . Giuseppe Passalacqua described the tomb and mentions an anthropoid coffin richly decorated with figures of deities . However , the coffin copied by Wilkinson is rectangular and not decorated with figures of gods . Therefore , Herbert E. Winlock , looking at the evidence concluded that there were two queens with the name Mentuhotep . One was the wife of king Djehuti , the other one is known from their coffin . With the cosmetic box were found some other objects , including several alabaster vessels . However , these vessels belong according to their type to the 25th Dynasty .
The canopic chest was given to queen Mentuhotep by king Djehuti , as indicated in a dedication inscribed on the box . The original canopic chest is inscribed for the king . Inside of it were found two cosmetic boxes , made of wood and papyrus . They are now on display in the Neues Museum of Berlin , with catalog number AM 1176-1182 . Inside the box were found alabaster vessels and a cosmetic spoon . The canopic chest is in Berlin too and has the number 1175 .
References
17th-century BC women
Queens consort of the Sixteenth Dynasty of Egypt
Egyptological objects of the Berlin State Museums
The Marching Tar Heels is the athletics pep band for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . Known as `` The Pride of the ACC '' , the Marching Tar Heels are one of the largest organizations at UNC with over 290 students . The band plays at all home football games as well as travels to away games , usually as a small pep band . However , the entire band travels to one away football game each year , usually staying close to home . These have included trips to universities such as NC State and East Carolina but have also included some longer trips to venues such as Notre Dame in 2006 and the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game in 2010 and 2016 .
The UNC band was formed in 1903 and had their first performance at a UNC baseball game in 1904 . The band first started traveling to away athletic events in 1905 . The band continues to play for multiple sports including men 's and women 's soccer , volleyball , men 's and women 's lacrosse , women 's basketball and field hockey . The band also divides into two smaller bands and plays at all men 's basketball home games , as well as sending a pep band to tournament games .
The band is currently under the direction of Jeffrey Fuchs .
Traditions
Several traditions have amassed over the years which include :
The Blue and White Warm-Up Chorale is played before every performance by the Marching Tar Heels . It was written by former band members , Joshua Potter and Ryan Ripperton .
On football gameday , it has become tradition for the drumline to warm-up ( usually in or near The Pit , in the center of campus ) before joining the rest of the band for the march to the stadium . The drumline goes through warm-ups , show music , and cadences . It has become a crowd favorite , attracting large crowds at Tar Heel Town .
Also on football gameday , the trumpets and tubas perform `` Carolina Victory '' on the steps of Dey Hall one hour and five minutes before kickoff .
Directly before the march to Kenan Stadium , the band has a `` throwdown '' about that day 's opponent . Seniors re-write the words to the military cadence of `` I do n't know , but I 've been told '' and the band recites the verses as a build-up to the drumline cadence .
The march to the stadium is a parade route that begins in front of Wilson Library , and ends with the march into the stadium . During the march , the drumline plays through their cadences as the rest of the band does choreograph dances to each cadence .
It has become tradition that the drumline finish each rehearsal with a final beat of each drum in unison . The drum captain gives 4 clicks on their rim and the rest of the drumline responds with a beat .
After the football team makes a defensive stop on 3rd down , the band plays Raise Up .
Traditional songs
The Marching Tar Heels regularly play these songs at athletic events .
Hark The Sound ( Alma Mater )
Here Comes Carolina
I 'm a Tar Heel Born ( Tag )
Carolina Victory
Tar Heels On Hand
Carolina Fight Song ( Fight Song )
UNC Vamp
Carolina in My Mind
Sweet Caroline
Aye ! Zigga Zoomba
4-C ( Carolina Spell Out )
Other music
Other songs that may be heard on gameday by the Marching Tar Heels are as follows .
Phantom
The Imperial March
Neck
Raise Up
Iron Man
O Fortuna
Born to be Wild
Bad Romance
Misery Business
Everybody 's Everything
High Hopes ( Panic ! at the Disco song )
Theme from Symphony No . 9 ( Dvořák )
Fireball ( Pitbull song )
HandClap
Take On Me
Halftime music
The Marching Tar Heels have covered many different genres of music during their halftime performances . Generally , a new halftime show is presented at each home game , requiring that some shows be learned in their entirety in one week of practice . Some of these shows have included :
Queen
The Who
Classical Masterworks
Latin Jazz
Journey
Katy Perry
Nirvana
Lynyrd Skynyrd
Stevie Wonder
Elvis Presley
Michael Jackson
Earth , Wind , & Fire
Beach music
Swing music
The Greatest Showman
Leonard Bernstein
Directors
Charles T. Woollen 1903-1919
T. Smith McCorkle 1920-1932
Earl Slocum 1933-1956
Herb Fred 1956-1963
Major John F. Yesulaitis 1964-1989
James Hile 1990-1996
Jeffrey Fuchs 1997–Present
References
External links
Atlantic Coast Conference marching bands
Musical groups established in 1903
North Carolina Tar Heels
1903 establishments in North Carolina
Batrachorhina griseotincta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1904 .
Subspecies
B. g. fuscosignata Breuning ,
B. g. griseotincta ( Fairmaire , 1904 )
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1904
Taxa named by Léon Fairmaire
Acacia petraea , commonly known as lancewood , is a shrub or tree belonging to the genus Acacia and the subgenus Juliflorae that is native to north eastern Australia .
Description
The shrub or tree typically grows to a maximum height of around . It has grey-brown coloured and longitudinally stringy bark and angular yellow-brown to purplish brown branchlets that are lightly haired when young but later become glabrous . Like most species of Acacia it has phyllodes rather than true leaves . The coriaceous and evergreen phyllodes have a linear shape and are straight to slightly curved with a length of and a width of . The phyllodes taper to a point and are inconspicuously multistriate with a barely discernible midnerve and eight to ten minor nerves per millimetre . It blooms between May and September producing golden flowers .
Taxonomy
The specific epithet is in reference to the rocky habitat in which the species is found .
Distribution
It is endemic to south western parts of Queensland on and around the Grey Range where it is often situated on lateritic scarps and ridge-tops growing in rocky soils as a part of savannah , heath or open woodland communities . The distribution is quite fragmented with outlying populations found in the Gregory South and Warrego districts and near the border with New South Wales .
See also
List of Acacia species
References
petraea
Flora of Queensland
Taxa named by Leslie Pedley
Plants described in 1974
Burnstein is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Ann Burnstein , American bridge player
Eugene Burnstein , American social psychologist
See also
Burnstein-Malin Grocery , a building in Des Moines , Iowa
Gary Burnstein Community Health Clinic , a clinic in Pontiac , Michigan , USA
Bernstein
The Mitsubishi AAM-4 ( Type 99 air-to-air missile , ) is a medium-range active radar homing air-to-air missile , considered as modern beyond-visual-range missile developed in Japan and intended to replace the semi-active radar homing AIM-7 Sparrow missile in service . It has been operational since 1999 . The main contractor is Mitsubishi Electric . The 2010 AAM-4B was the world 's first air-to-air missile with an AESA radar seeker .
The AAM-4 is too large to fit in the internal weapons bay of the F-35 Lightning II . This has led to a program with MBDA UK to adapt the latest AAM-4 seeker technology to MBDA 's Meteor missile airframe to produce the JNAAM .
Development
The improved AAM-4B was the world 's first air-to-air missile with an AESA radar seeker . The AAM-4B entered production in 2010 for service on the F-15J and F-2 , but it is too large to be carried in the weapons bay of the F-35 Lightning II . So on 17 July 2014 Japan announced a collaboration with the United Kingdom to study the development of a new Joint New Air-to-Air Missile ( JNAAM ) . MBDA UK is prime contractor on the Meteor missile which entered service on the Saab JAS 39 Gripen in 2016 and on the Eurofighter Typhoon and Dassault Rafale in 2018 , and can fit in the internal weapons bay of the F-35 . It has a unique variable-flow ramjet motor that according to MBDA gives the Meteor the largest no-escape zone of any air-to-air missile . The JNAAM will `` [ combine ] the UK 's missile-related technologies and Japanese seeker technologies '' , possibly with some adjustments to help the missile fit better in the F-35 weapons bay .
Variants
AAM-4 – Original version with range that entered service in 1999 .
AAM-4B – Improved version introduced in 2010 with a Ka band millimetric frequency AESA seeker and range . The seeker also utilized to the Type 12 Surface-to-Ship Missile .
XRIM-4 – Naval surface-launched variant , project was previously canceled but effectively resurrected in 2016 .
Ducted rocket flying object – Throttleable Ducted Rocket ( TDR ) Test model .
Operators
Japan Air Self-Defense Force
F-15J Eagle
Mitsubishi F-2
Specifications
Length : 3,667 mm
Diameter : 203 mm
Wing span : 800 mm
Weight :
Guidance : inertial guidance , mid-course update + terminal active radar homing
Range : 100 km ( AAM-4 ) , 120 km ( AAM-4B )
Speed : Mach 4–5
See also
AAM-1 ( Japanese missile )
AAM-2
AAM-3
AAM-5 ( Japanese missile ) – short range heatseeking missile introduced 2004
AIM-120 AMRAAM
Sky Sword 2
Meteor ( missile )
PL-12
PL-15
R-77
References
External links
FAS AAM4
Global Security AAM4
Air-to-air missiles of Japan
Mitsubishi Electric products , services and standards
Military equipment introduced in the 1990s
Fire-and-forget weapons
The Waranga Dam is a major earthfill embankment dam with an uncontrolled spillway located approximately north of Melbourne in the North Central region of the Australian state of Victoria . The impounded off-stream reservoir is Waranga Basin and forms part of the Goulburn River irrigation system , irrigating an area of . The dam and reservoir are located in Shire of Campaspe near the City of Greater Shepparton and is located northeast of , southwest of Tatura , and near . When full , the reservoir covers an area of .
The area now covered by the Waranga Basin includes a swamp that was known as Warranga ( an indigenous word ) or Gunn 's after William Gunn , one of the early pastoralists who established their squatting run , also called Waranga , in the area surrounding the swamp . William Gunn was a Braehour Gunn who emigrated to Victoria in 1853 from Wick , Scotland . Their half-brother was the Honourable Donald Gunn of Manitoba , Canada . Gold was discovered near Waranga Swamp in 1853 , making it one of Victoria 's oldest goldfields .
Construction
Construction of the earth dam began in 1905 and was completed in 1915 using picks , shovels and horse-drawn scoops . The site of the basin was a former swamp in the then Waranga Shire . Construction of the dam was commissioned by the State Rivers and Water Supply Commission of Victoria for the irrigation of the Western Goulburn Valley . At the time of construction , the Waranga Basin embankment was described as the largest project of its sort in the world with an embankment height of and length of .
Between 1915 and 1926 , the embankment was raised in stages and a core wall was inserted . By 1921 , the embankment was raised to allowing the storage capacity to be increased to , its current capacity . The major road between Tatura and Rushworth crosses the outlet .
Distribution of the water
Waranga Basin stores water flowing downstream from Lake Eildon as well as having a catchment area of its own . Waranga Basin supplies water to the Central Goulburn Irrigation Area and Rochester Irrigation Area . However , the Waranga Western Channel takes some of the water to Pyramid Hill and Boort . Goulburn–Murray Water is responsible for regulating the flow of water from the basin .
Normally , only about three-quarters of the can be used in irrigation . However , in 2002-03 , an additional was supplied through pumping to assist farmers in the Goulburn Irrigation System experiencing severe drought .
See also
Irrigation in Australia
List of reservoirs and dams in Victoria
References
External links
Goulburn Murray Water page on Waranga Basin
Waranga Basin Pumping
Reservoirs in Victoria ( Australia )
Dams in Victoria ( Australia )
Goulburn River
Irrigation in Australia
Dams completed in 1915
Embankment dams
North Central Victoria
Clap Hands , Here Comes Charlie ( / Charley ) can refer to :
`` Clap Hands ! Here Comes Charley ! , '' a 1925 song by Billy Rose , Ballard MacDonald and Joseph Meyer
Clap Hands , Here Comes Charlie ! , a 1961 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald
Kainoa T. Correa is an American professional baseball coach . They are the bench coach and infield/baserunning instructor for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . They played college baseball for the University of Puget Sound . Correa is of Native Hawaiian , Portuguese , and Japanese descent .
High school and college
Correa attended Waiakea High School in Hilo , Hawaii . They attended the University of Puget Sound , where they played college baseball as an infielder for four years ( 2007–2010 ) . They graduated with a degree in U.S. History .
Coaching career
Correa joined the Puget Sound coaching staff after graduating , and spent the 2010–2011 through 2013–2014 seasons there . During their time there , their roles included head assistant coach , recruiting coordinator , infield coach , third-base coach , academic advisor , and overseeing the team 's strength and conditioning program . Correa then moved on to the University of Northern Colorado , where they spent four seasons . Their first was as a volunteer assistant , and final three as a full-time assistant coach . They served as the overall defensive coordinator , infield coach , third base coach , and as the recruiting coordinator . They drew a following for posting baseball videos on social media .
Correa joined the Cleveland Indians organization in 2018 , and served as the AZL Indians infield coach that season . They spent the 2019 season as the Indians short-season defensive coordinator .
Prior to the 2020 season , Correa joined the San Francisco Giants coaching staff as their bench coach and infield/baserunning instructor .
References
External links
Kai Correa at B-R Bullpen
From D-III to the major leagues : Kai Correa 's unusually quick journey to the Giants bench The Mercury News , January 22 , 2020
Puget Sound Loggers bio
Northern Colorado Bears bio
Living people
People from Hilo , Hawaii
Baseball coaches from Hawaii
Baseball players from Hawaii
Baseball infielders
Major League Baseball bench coaches
San Francisco Giants coaches
Puget Sound Loggers baseball players
Puget Sound Loggers baseball coaches
Northern Colorado Bears baseball coaches
Minor league baseball coaches
University of Puget Sound alumni
1988 births
Tangled Tunes is a piece of light classical music by Albert Ketèlbey , first recorded in 1914 , comprising 107 melodies with some repetitions .
Rule , Britannia !
Three Blind Mice
Mistletoe Bough
Ah Che la Morte ( Trovatore )
Flower Song ( Faust )
Three Fishers Went a Sailing
Drinking
Heart of Oak
Charlie is My Darling
The Minstrel Boy
Gathering Nuts in May
Dixie 's Land
Soldiers ' Chorus ( Trovatore )
Grandfather 's Clock
Marseillaise
British Grenadiers
Home Sweet Home
Bluebells of Scotland
Intro . Act III Lohengrin
Sailor 's Hornpipe
The Girl I Left Behind Me
Garry Owen
Poet and Peasant
1812 Overture
Tannhauser March
1812 Overture
Il Bacio
Romeo and Juliet Waltz
Prophete March
Soldiers ' Chorus ( Faust )
O Tender Moon ( Faust )
Silver Threads Among the Gold
Killarney
Mary of Argyle
Robin Adair
Wedding March ( Mendelssohn )
Anvil Chorus ( Trovatore )
Yankee Doodle
Dixie 's Land
Maid of Athens
Johnny Get Your Gun
Raymond Overture
Light Cavalry Overture
The Keel Row
For He 's a Jolly Good Fellow
The Harp That Once Thro ' Tara 's Halls
Village Blacksmith
Scenes That are Brightest ( Maritana )
Lend Me Your Aid
Blue Danube
Poet and Peasant
Spring Song
Little Brown Jug
La Donna e Mobile ( Rigoletto )
Excelsior
Lass of Richmond Hill
Bay of Biscay
Rule , Britannia !
Vicar of Bray
John Peel
Last Rose of Summer
Villikins and Their Dinah
Buy a Broom
The Ash Grove
Sally in Our Alley
Alice , Where Art Thou ?
Sweet Genevieve
Semiramide Overture
Marche aux Flambeaux
Marching Through Georgia
Merry Wives of Windsor
Stephanie Gavotte
Kirmesse Scene ( Faust )
March ( Damnation de Faust )
Sword Chorus ( Faust )
1812 Overture
Bohemian Girl Overture
Der Freischütz Overture
Tannhauser March
Three Cheers for the Red White and Blue
When Johnny Comes Marching Home
William Tell Overture
Good King Wenceslas
Tannhauser March
Il Balen ( Trovatore )
Dio Possente ( Faust )
Athalie March
How Can I Leave Thee
Come , Birdie Come
Tarara-Boom-De-Ay
Tancredi Overture
Oh Dear What Can the Matter Be
Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep
The Bogie Man
Pop Goes the Weasel
Amoretten Tanz
Valse des Fleurs ( Casse-noisette )
Waltz in A flat ( Chopin )
Nocturne ( Chopin )
Fragment from Faust
Faust Waltz
Flying Dutchman Overture
Auld Lang Syne
Old English Gentleman
Zampa
God Save the King
The Policeman 's Holiday
References
Compositions by Albert Ketèlbey
Paul Boll ( born 13 November 1986 ) is a German ice dancer . With former partner Tanja Kolbe , they are the 2006 German junior national champion and placed 16th at the 2006 World Junior Championships .
Earlier in their career , Boll skated with Rina Thieleke , Ksenia Antonova and Maureen Ibanez . They ended their competitive career in 2009 and became a coach in spring 2009 . They coach Ria Schiffner / Julian Salatzki and has choreographed for Paul Fentz and Mari-Doris Vartmann / Aaron Van Cleave .
Programs
( with Kolbe )
Results
( with Kolbe )
References
External links
German male ice dancers
Figure skaters from Berlin
1986 births
Living people
A rectal microbicide is a microbicide for rectal use . Most commonly such a product would be a topical gel inserted into the anus so that it make act as protection against the contract of a sexually transmitted infection during anal sex .
Along with vaginal microbicides , rectal microbicides are currently the subject of medical research on microbicides for sexually transmitted diseases to determine the circumstances under which and the extent to which they provide protection against infection .
Less commonly , rectal microbicides can have other purposes also ; for example , they could be used to treat certain medical conditions as a suppository would .
History
Early development of topical microbicides starting around 1998 focused on preventing of HIV transmission during vaginal intercourse . The entire field lacks a proof of concept that a vaginal microbicide exists . As of 2008 , 16 topical microbicides entered phase I or II clinical trial and 7 advanced to an additional trial . Previous studies both showed promise in new areas of research and gave disappointing results from the first generation products , as surfactants like nonoxynol-9 and entry inhibitors like carrageenan showed no efficacy in preventing HIV and were associated with risk of inflammation which raised the risk of contracting HIV in some circumstances .
In 1998 , researchers noted that gay men using products containing nonoxynol-9 as part of their infection prevention strategy despite lack of evidence of efficacy or any safety data for that practice . At the time , the drug was under evaluation as a vaginal microbicide .
Because of expected similarities between the efficacy of vaginal and rectal microbicides , some researchers have called for all vaginal microbicides to be tested for efficacy when used rectally .
Motivation
There are two fundamental reasons to research and develop rectal microbicides for HIV prevention :
Anal intercourse is a normal human behavior and is practiced the world over by an estimated five to ten percent of men , women , and transgender people with both heterosexual and same-sex partners .
An act of unprotected anal intercourse is ten to twenty times more likely to result in HIV infection compared to an act of unprotected vaginal intercourse . This indicates that unprotected anal intercourse plays a significant role in the HIV pandemic .
Concerted advocacy for the research and development of safe , effective , acceptable and accessible rectal microbicides began in 2005 , when International Rectal Microbicide Advocates was founded with colleagues representing the AIDS Foundation of Chicago , the Canadian AIDS Society , the Community HIV/AIDS Mobilization Program , and the Global Campaign for Microbicides .
The political and sociocultural context reinforced the dismissal of rectal microbicides . Pervasive homophobia across the globe has resulted in a lack of adequate attention and resources devoted to gay men and other men who have sex with men ( MSM ) despite the disproportional HIV burden borne by this population . Few knew , or acknowledged , that anal intercourse is a widespread practice among heterosexuals , both men and women , gay men and other MSM , as well as transgender people . Thus , evidence-free assumptions relegated the rectal portion of the microbicide field to a small , dark corner .
The field has moved from simply being an adjunct to vaginal studies to a force in its own right . This is due to a handful of visionary , passionate , and dogged scientists ; funding from the United States ( which has supported approximately 97 % of all rectal microbicide research ) ; and growing community engagement .
Research
Preclinical testing
Preclinical testing for rectal microbicides has been conducted in macaques to get a nonhuman primate model of drug behavior .
UC-781 trial
Scientists working on the University of California , Los Angeles ( UCLA 's ) Microbicide Development Program initiated the first Phase I RM safety trial , investing the safety and acceptability of UC-781 , in December 2006 . Rectal application of UC-781 gel , a potent antiretroviral ( ARV ) drug , was shown to be safe and acceptable to the 36 men and women in the trial . Phase I trials normally focus solely on safety and acceptability , but researchers used a novel approach in this trial : taking rectal tissue biopsies from participants and exposing them to HIV ex vivo in the laboratory . The drug significantly reduced HIV transmission in these essays .
RMP-02/MTN-006
RMP-02/MTN-006 Tested the same vaginal formulation of tenofovir gel that reduced HIV acquisition by an estimated 39 percent overall in the CAPRISA ( Centre for the AIDS Programme of Research ) 004 trial that was conducted in South Africa . In September 2009 , 18 men and women began enrolling in the trial , which was sponsored by the Microbicide Trials Network ( MTN ) and UCLA 's Microbicide Development Program . The study tested the safety and acceptability of single- and multiple-day rectal applications of tenofovir , a single oral dose of tenofovir , and a placebo .
Laboratory tests showed that HIV was significantly inhibited in rectal tissue samples from participants who applied tenofovir gel to their rectums daily for one week compared to tissue from those who used a placebo gel . Although a slight anti-HIV effect was noted in tissue from participants who applied a single dose of tenofovir gel , the finding was not statistically significant . The single dose of oral tenofovir did not provide any protection against HIV in rectal tissue samples . The study also discovered that only 25 percent of the participants liked tenofovir gel , compared to 50 percent who had used the placebo gel . Some individuals who used tenofovir gel experienced gastrointestinal distress , cramps , and diarrhea . Results were presented at the 18th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections , or CROI .
MTN-007
MTN-007 studied a reformulated version of the tenofovir gel . Researchers retained the same concentration of tenofovir ( one percent ) , but reduced the glycerin in the gel in an attempt to make it more acceptable and “ rectal friendly. ” This Phase I safety and acceptability study , launched in October 2011 , included 65 men and women from three sites in the United States . Results were presented at the 19th CROI in March 2012 . This reduced glycerin formulation of 1 percent tenofovir gel was found to be safe and acceptable . Researchers recommended advancing this candidate to Phase II .
MTN-017
MTN-017 , the follow-up to MTN-007 , represented a major milestone : the first Phase II expanded safety and acceptability study of an RM . The trial was officially launched in October 2013 at sites in the United States , Peru , Thailand , and South Africa . The 195 gay men , other MSM , and transgender women recruited into MTN-017 more than doubled the total number of human beings who have participated in RM clinical trials to date , and the trial was also the first to include participants from countries outside of the United States .
The study investigated the safety and acceptability of the reduced glycerin tenofovir gel and directly compared acceptability and adherence to daily oral Truvada . MTN-017 featured an open-label , crossover design in which each individual followed three different regimens , each lasting eight weeks . One regimen consisted of the participant applying the gel to the rectum daily . A second regimen asked participants to apply the gel rectally before and after anal intercourse . In the third regimen , participants took oral Truvada every day . The order in which participants followed the study regimens was assigned randomly , with a break between each regimen .
The procedures carried out as part of MTN-017 determined how much of each drug is absorbed in blood , rectal fluid , and tissue , and also assessed any changes in cells or tissue . Study participants were asked about any side effects , what they liked and disliked about using the gel either daily or with sex , and whether they would consider using the gel in the future . Gel acceptability and adherence were directly compared to oral Truvada , which has been shown to reduce the risk of HIV acquisition in a number of studies among different populations .
Use
Rectal microbicides can reduce the risk of transmission of HIV during anal intercourse , particularly during sex when condoms are not used .
Researchers have explored using personal lubricant as a vehicle for delivering a rectal microbicide .
Culture
Research into rectal microbicides and funding for exploring their use as public health tools has faced barriers historically because of the taboo in discussing anal health and anal sex . Researchers have reported feeling disinclined to request funding for `` anal research '' because of biases against anything to do with an anus , and public policy writers have at times faced opposition to promoting discussion on anal topics .
Future
Scientists at the Population Council are trying to develop a microbicide that would be both safe and effective in either the vagina or the rectum . They have conducted early work on a combination product containing MIV-150 ( an investigational ARV ) , zinc acetate , and carrageenan gel . Further evaluation of this combination is dependent on funding .
References
Microbicides
Prevention of HIV/AIDS
Rectum
Sexually transmitted diseases and infections
Angélique Abemane is a female Congolese handball player . They competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Handball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic handball players of the Republic of the Congo
Republic of the Congo female handball players
The 2016–17 Irish Super League season was the 44th running of Basketball Ireland 's premier men 's basketball competition . The season featured 12 teams from across the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland , with the regular season beginning on 23 September 2016 and ending on 19 March 2017 . During the 2016 off-season , Basketball Ireland expanded its top flight men 's league to 12 teams , with new team Tralee Warriors entering and Dublin side KUBS being granted promotion from the Men 's Division One . With a first-place finish and a 20–2 win–loss record , Templeogue were crowned league champions for the first time in their history . 2017 National Cup honours went to Swords Thunder , who collected their first piece of silverware in the top flight league , while Tralee were crowned the winners of the season finale Champions Trophy tournament after defeating Templeogue in the final .
Teams
Regular season
Champions Trophy
Bracket
* National League Division 1 champions .
* * National League Division 1 runners-up .
Quarter-finals
Source : Basketball Ireland , Basketball Ireland
Semi-finals
Source : Basketball Ireland
Final
National Cup
Round 1 ( 2 legs )
Round 2 ( 1 leg )
Winner of Series 5 vs Winner of Series 4
Winner of Series 6 vs Winner of Series 3
Semi-finals
Winner of Series 1 vs Winner of Game 2 , Round 2
Winner of Game 1 , Round 2 vs Winners of Series 2
Final
Source : Basketball Ireland
Awards
Player of the Month
Coach of the Month
Statistics leaders
Stats as of the end of the regular season
Regular season
Player of the Year : Trae Pemberton ( Tralee Warriors )
Young Player of the Year : Ryan Leonard ( Tralee Warriors )
Coach of the Year : Mark Bernsen ( Tralee Warriors )
All-Star First Team :
Trae Pemberton ( Tralee Warriors )
José María Gil Narbón ( Swords Thunder )
Lorcan Murphy ( Templeogue )
Jermaine Turner ( Killester )
Michael Bonaparte ( Templeogue )
All-Star Second Team :
Dillon Stith ( Belfast Star )
Mike Garrow ( UCD Marian )
Kevin Foley ( KUBS )
Jason Killeen ( Templeogue )
Isaac Westbrooks ( Swords Thunder )
All-Star Third Team :
Kieran Donaghy ( Tralee Warriors )
Corbin Jackson ( KUBS )
Keelan Cairns ( Belfast Star )
Mārtiņš Provizors ( DCU Saints )
Ryan Leonard ( Tralee Warriors )
References
External links
Season previews at ballineurope.com
Player ins and outs at basketballireland.ie
National Cup draw
Irish
Super League ( Ireland ) seasons
Basket
Basket
James Farish Farrer ( 6 January 1876 – 6 July 1967 ) was an Australian politician .
They were born in Modewarre , where they attended state school before qualifying as a woolclasser . They became a grazier at Modewarre and later at Pirron Yallock , and on 28 February 1914 married Alice Annie Jenkins , with whom they had two sons . In 1906 they won a by-election for the Victorian Legislative Assembly seat of Barwon . A Liberal , they served until their defeat in 1917 . Farrer retired around 1929 and died in Richmond in 1967 .
References
1875 births
1967 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Mount Lagado ( ) is a mountain rising to about on the south side of Leppard Glacier , west of Target Hill , on Oscar II Coast , Graham Land , Antarctica . In association with names from Jonathan Swift 's Gulliver 's Travels grouped in this area , it was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1988 after Lagado , the capital of the flying island of Laputa .
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Oscar II Coast
The VAK410 ( Dutch , `` Section 410 '' ) was a Dutch Ultras group associated with AFC Ajax . The name comes from the name of their initial stand in Ajax 's home stadium , the Amsterdam Arena .
Background
VAK410 was founded on 26 January 2001 by fanatic supporters of the club who were tired of being on the waiting list for the already existing hooligan firm F-side . On that day , young Ajacied Karel organized the first meeting of the group 's in the Amstel Cup home match against SBV Vitesse in row 114 . The match resulted in a 1–2 loss . However , the club took a positive stance towards the initiative to create more of an atmosphere in the North side of the stadium , and so VAK410 was born .
Originally known as the Ajax Ultras , with ajaxultras.nl being the official website , the group relocated to row 415 on 11 February 2001 ahead of the home match against Willem II , right next to the `` Away row '' for visiting supporters . Ajax ' fanzine De Ajax Ster , otherwise known as DAS , reported on the development of the row , despite the low turnout of the ultras during the match . However , two weeks later , on 25 February 2001 , the group celebrated its first big success when a large gathering managed to silence the visiting crowd during the home match against FC Utrecht .
The first match in their current location in the stadium , from which they took the name VAK410 , was held on 19 August 2001 , at which point the group had approximately 400 members . Considered one of the most famous Tifosi groups in the sport , the group considered itself to be an ultra fan group , and it distanced itself from hooliganism .
The group dissolved in the summer of 2016 , after disagreements with Ajax Amsterdam 's management , over the decision of the club 's board to move them away from their years long location at VAK 410 of the Amsterdam Arena .
Incidents
Since the formation of the group , there have been several incidents that have led to negative press or even to the club being fined . In August 2010 , Ajax was fined €10,000 for the group 's behavior during a UEFA Europa League away match against Juventus due to severe destruction inside the stadium , the lighting of fireworks , and for injuring an Italian flight attendant in the stadium . Ajax was fined €10,000 once more in 2013 during the UEFA Champions League home match against Manchester City after VAK410 revealed a massive banner showing a crossed out Sheikh holding a bag of money , with the phrase 'Against Modern Football ! ' under it . UEFA called the banner tasteless and completely unfitting . During the final of the KNVB Cup in 2014 , the group sabotaged the match by throwing fireworks onto the pitch in the vicinity of their own goalkeeper . They did this because the final was held in 'De Kuip ' , the stadium of rival club Feyenoord . The match was stopped twice with Ajax leading 1–0 . After resuming the match , Ajax eventually lost 1–5 to PEC Zwolle . The group first stated that throwing fireworks is an inalienable part of such finals . After pressure from authorities and the F-side , the group eventually did apologise for its behaviour in what would get known as the Vuurwerkincident .
Judaism
Ajax is popularly seen as having `` Jewish roots '' . In the 1970s , supporters of rival teams began taunting Ajax fans by calling them Jews . Ajax fans , few of whom are actually Jewish themselves , countered this by embracing Ajax 's `` Jewish '' identity : calling themselves `` super Jews '' , chanting `` Joden , Joden '' ( Jews , Jews ) at games , and adopting Jewish symbols , such as the Star of David and the Israeli flag . This Jewish imagery eventually became a central part of Ajax fans ' culture . At one point , ringtones of `` Hava Nagila '' , a Hebrew folk song , could be downloaded from the club 's official website . Starting in the 1980s , fans of Ajax ' rivals started their antisemitic rhetoric , chanting slogans like `` Hamas , Hamas , Jews to the gas '' ( `` Hamas , Hamas , joden aan het gas '' ) , hissing to imitate the flow of gas , giving Nazi salutes , etc . The eventual result was that many ( genuinely ) Jewish Ajax fans stopped going to games . In the 2000s , the club tried to persuade fans to drop its Jewish image , but to no avail . Supporters , both on and off the pitch , employ imagery associated with Jewish history and the Israeli nation to this day . Tottenham Hotspur 's Yid Army use similar symbols .
See also
North Up Alliance
South Crew
Barra Brava
Casual ( subculture )
Curva
Hooliganism
List of hooligan firms
Major football rivalries
Torcida
References
External links
VAK410 Official website
AFC Ajax
Association football hooligan firms
Gangs in the Netherlands
2001 establishments in the Netherlands
2016 disestablishments in the Netherlands
Robert Henry Thurston ( October 25 , 1839 – October 25 , 1903 ) was an American engineer , and the first Professor of Mechanical Engineering at Stevens Institute of Technology .
They were a assistant professor at the US Naval Academy in Annapolis and a published specialist on iron and steel as well as steam engines , when they were invited in 1871 by Stevens ' president Henry Morton to head mechanical engineering at Stevens . The same year Thurston was appointed the first professor of mechanical engineering at Stevens Institute of Technology .
Biography
Thurston was born 1839 in Providence , Rhode Island , the eldest son of Robert Lawton and Harriet Thurston of Providence . They were trained in the workshop of their father , and graduated from Brown University in 1859 .
Thurston was engaged with the business firm of which their father was senior partner until 1861 , when they entered the navy as an officer of engineers . They served during the civil war on various vessels , and was present at the Battle of Port Royal and at the Siege of Charleston . They were attached to the North and South Atlantic squadrons until the close of 1865 .
In 1865 they were stationed as Assistant Professor of Natural and Experimental Philosophy at the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis , where they also acted as lecturer on chemistry and physics . In 1870 they visited Europe , for the purpose of studying the British iron manufacturing districts , and in 1871 was appointed Professor of Mechanical Engineering at the Stevens Institute of Technology . In that year they conducted , in behalf of a committee of the American Institute , a series of experiments on steam boilers , in which , for the first time , all losses of heat were noted , and by condensing all the steam generated , the quantity of water entrained by the steam was accurately noted .
In 1873 they were appointed a member of the United States Scientific Commission to the Vienna Exhibition ; served upon the international jury , edited the Report of the Commissioners ( in which they published their own report on machinery and manufactures ) , in five volumes , 1875–6 . In 1874 and subsequently they conducted , at the Stevens Institute of Technology , a series of researches on the efficiency of prime movers and machines , and upon the strength and other essential properties of the materials of construction . In 1875 , they were appointed a member of the United States Commission on the causes of boiler explosions , and of the Board to test the metals used in construction . They are a member of various scientific associations in the United States , Great Britain , France , and Germany , and has written numerous papers on technical subjects , which have appeared in scientific journals in Europe and America , and has prepared articles upon similar topics for this Cyclopedia .
They were made vice-president of the American Institute of Mining Engineers in 1875 ; they were made vice-president of the American Association for the Advancement of Science , at Nashville , in 1877 , in the absence of Professor Pickering , elected at the preceding meeting , and was regularly elected to serve again in 1878 , at the St. Louis meeting of the association . From 1880 to 1882 Thurston was the first president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers . In 1885 they left the Stevens Institute of Technology to replace John Edison Sweet as director of Sibley College at Cornell University , reorganizing it as a college of mechanical engineering .
In 1885 , they received an honorary Degree of Engineering from Stevens . In 1902 , they were elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society . They died on October 25 , 1903 , their 64th birthday , in Ithaca , New York .
Work
Thurston 's research interest was in the areas of materials , thermodynamics , steam engines and boilers , friction and energetics .
Mechanical engineering curriculum
At the Stevens Institute of Technology they established Stevens ' mechanical engineering curriculum . They were committed to the French and German science-based models of technical education and soon would gain an international reputation for their view of engineering as applied science . Their enthusiasm in involving students in funded research led to remarkable pioneering success of the early Stevens ' graduates .
Historians credit Thurston with establishing the first US mechanical engineering laboratory for conducting funded research at an academic institution for higher learning .
Other papers
Thurston wrote a number of papers embodying accounts of original investigations of the strength and other properties of construction materials . Among their numerous inventions are the magnesium ribbon lamp , a magnesium-burning naval and army signal apparatus , an autographic recording testing machine , a new form of steam engine governor , and an apparatus for determining the value of lubricants . In 1875 , they also developed the three-coordinate solid diagram for testing iron , steel , and other metals . They made a significant contribution to the field of tribology and Duncan Dowson named them one of the 23 `` Men of Tribology '' .
Patents
Thurston held two patents : one for an autographic recording testing machine for material in torsion and the other for a machine for testing lubricants .
Publications
Books , a selection :
1878 . A history of the growth of the steam engine . D. Appleton and Company ; 4th , revised ed . 1902 ( online )
1884 . Stationary steam engines ; especially as adapted to electric lighting purposes . New York , J. Wiley & sons , 1884 .
1884 . Materials of Engineering . J. Wiley , 1884 , Parts , 1 , 2 & 3
1889 . The development of the philosophy of the steam-engine . An historical sketch . New York , J. Wiley & sons .
1890 . Heat as a form of energy . Boston and New York , Houghton , Mifflin and company , 1890 .
1891 . A manual of the steam-engine . For engineers and technical schools ; advanced courses . New York , J. Wiley & sons , 1891 .
1894 . The animal as a machine and a prime motor , and the laws of energetics . New York , J. Wiley & sons .
Some of their more important papers are the following :
1865 . On Losses of Propelling Power in the Paddle Wheel
1865 . Steam Engines of the French Navy
1870 . H. B. M. Iron Clad Monarch
1870 . Iron Manufactures in Great Britain
1871 . Experimental Steam Boiler Explosions
1871 . Report on Test Trials of Steam Boilers
1872 . Traction Engines and Road Locomotives
1874 . Efficiency of Furnaces Burning Wet Fuel
1874 . The Mechanical Engineer , their Preparation and their Work
1877 , On a New Method of Planning Researches and of Representing to the Eye the Results of Combination of three or more Elements in Varying Proportions
References
Further reading
Calvert , Monte A . Mechanical Engineer in America , 1830-1910 : Professional Cultures in Conflict . Baltimore : The Johns Hopkins University Press , 1967 .
Clark , Geoffrey W. ( 2000 ) ; History of Stevens Institute of Technology : A Record of Broad-Based Curricula and Technogenesis . Jersey City , New Jersey : Jensen/Daniels .
Sinclair , Bruce ( 1980 ) ; A Centennial History of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers , 1880-1980 . ( Toronto : Published for ASME by University of Toronto Press , 1980 ) . .
Durand , William F. ( 1929 ) : `` Robert Henry Thurston '' The Riverside Press Cambridge , Massachusetts 1929 Copyright by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers A.S.M.E . First Edition .
External links
1839 births
1903 deaths
American mechanical engineers
Brown University School of Engineering alumni
Cornell University faculty
Presidents of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers
Stevens Institute of Technology faculty
Tribologists
United States Naval Academy faculty
19th-century American engineers
Michael Masi ( born 8 June 1978 ) is an Australian motorsports official . Masi served as Formula One race director from 2019 to 2021 . In this role , Masi oversaw the logistics of a Formula One racing weekend , ensuring all cars , tracks , and drivers conform to FIA regulations before , during , and after a race . Masi was removed from their position following an FIA analysis into their application of safety car procedure at the 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .
Early life
Masi was born in Sydney in 1978 and is of Italian descent . Growing up in the suburbs of Fairfield and Canada Bay , Masi initially studied marketing at TAFE before their roles in motorsport .
Career
Early career
Masi began their career in motor racing volunteering for Super Touring teams while still at school . They worked as deputy race director in the Supercars touring car racing series and at Rally Australia . In 2018 , they were appointed by the FIA as the Formula Two and Formula Three deputy race director , and was appointed deputy to F1 race director Charlie Whiting . Masi alternated in this role between with Scot Elkins , who would become the race director for Formula E and the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters .
Formula One
Following Whiting 's death before the 2019 Australian Grand Prix , Masi took on the role of Formula One race director .
Several of Masi 's decisions as race director were subject to scrutiny from drivers , teams , and press . During the 2020 Turkish Grand Prix qualifying session , cars were sent out on track even when a crane was on the track . During the 2021 season , Masi was required to defend the red flag procedures used during the 2021 Azerbaijan Grand Prix . In the 2021 Belgian Grand Prix , Masi was criticised for running qualifying in dangerous conditions , and then running the race behind the safety car for three laps , allegedly to ensure points were awarded . They were criticized for negotiating with teams to change positions during the 2021 Saudi Arabian Grand Prix . The following week , Masi 's procedural error in the resumption of the race following a safety car period during the final lap of the 2021 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was criticised for potentially altering championship results . Mercedes protested the result ; the protest was not upheld .
On 17 February 2022 , Masi was removed from their role as Race Director following an FIA analysis into the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . They were replaced by Niels Wittich and Eduardo Freitas as race directors on an alternating basis for the 2022 Formula One season , and Herbie Blash as Permanent Senior Advisor to them . A new position within the FIA was offered to Masi .
On 19 March 2022 the FIA published their official report into the Abu Dhabi controversy , concluding that Masi had incorrectly applied regulations , in that not all lapped cars had unlapped themselves , and the safety car had not completed one additional lap before coming back into the pitlane . The report attributed these matters to human error .
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff subsequently referred to Masi as having been a `` liability '' to Formula One and stated that Masi did not take well to receiving feedback or criticism from anybody , as well as suggesting that they had acted disrespectfully at times towards some drivers in briefings .
Post Formula One
In July 2022 , Masi left the FIA in order to relocate to Australia and spend more time with their family . In September , Masi was appointed the independent Chairman of the Supercars Commission in Australia .
References
1979 births
Australian motorsport people
Australian people of Italian descent
Australian sports executives and administrators
Formula One people
Living people
People from Sydney
Konstantinos Bouloulis ( ; born 7 December 1993 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Super League 2 club Kallithea .
They became a professional football player at 17 years old with total of 162 professional appearances in all Greek categories . They also studied sociology with a degree from Panteion university of Athens .
References
1993 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Gamma Ethniki players
Atromitos F.C . players
Ionikos F.C . players
Ethnikos Piraeus F.C . players
PAS Lamia 1964 players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Lamia ( city )
Danube Wings , trading as VIP Wings , a.s. , was a Slovakia-based airline that ceased operations in 2013 . Danube Wings had operated regional scheduled services on domestic and international routes using ATR 72 aircraft . Its home base was M. R. Štefánik Airport in Bratislava . VIP Wings , a privately owned Slovak company , was the holder of the licences and the AOC .
History
VIP Wings was established on 23 May 2000 , and was created from VIP Air , the first private aviation company in Slovakia .
In August 2008 operations started with ATR 72 aircraft , offering regular transport to the general public . On November 13 , 2008 , the company was assigned the V5 IATA code . On July 15 , 2009 , Danube Wings became a member of the European Regional Airlines Association .
The company faced serious economical problems and on 20 November 2013 ceased all operations on scheduled flights . According to news reports it ceased operations in December 2013 and laid off all employees .
Business trends
The key trends for Danube Wings were as shown below ( although , because it was a private company , few figures were publicly available ) . Figures as at year ending 31 December :
Destinations
Seasonal services to and from destinations in France were cancelled as of January 2013 . On October 19 , 2013 Danube Wings announced the immediate cancellation of its last remaining schedule route .
Fleet
The Danube Wings fleet included the following aircraft ( at January 2013 ) in an all-economy class :
Retired fleet
1 Boeing 737-400 ( leased from Czech Airlines )
Incidents and accidents
On 2 January 2010 , Danube Wings Flight 8230 , a Boeing 737-400 , was involved in an incident when Slovak Police hid 8 explosives in passengers ' luggage to test the airport 's security systems . In error , one of the explosives was not removed afterwards , and was later flown to Dublin , causing an international incident .
References
External links
Defunct airlines of Slovakia
Airlines established in 2008
Airlines disestablished in 2013
Slovakian companies established in 2008
Denis Lalanne ( 1 April 1926 – 7 December 2019 ) was a French sports journalist who specialized in tennis , rugby union , and golf .
Biography
As an adolescent , Lalanne attended boarding school in Seine-et-Oise , where they befriended Michel Bouquet . They then wrote for L'Équipe , a French daily sports newspaper . In this time period , they wrote several books on rugby , including Le grand combat du XV de France and La peau des Springboks .
In 1978 , Lalanne led the commentary for the France-Scotland rugby match with Georges de Caunes , and the French Open .
Their book Le grand combat du XV de France was adapted into a documentary film in 2006 by Serge Tignères and Étienne Bellan Huchery . A limited edition box set was released by the French Rugby Federation .
In 2011 , Lalanne founded the Festival Singe-Germain in Saint-Germain-des-Prés with Jean Cormier , a sports and cultural festival .
Novels written by Lalanne include Un long dimanche à la campagne and Le devoir de français , the latter of which was adapted into a film .
They still had a weekly column for Midi olympique until their death .
In 2012 , an award in Lalanne 's name was founded by the French Tennis Federation , called the Prix Denis-Lalanne . The prize is given to the best French-language article written during the French Open .
In April 2019 , Lalanne published their last novel , Dieu ramasse les copies .
Denis Lalanne died in their home in Anglet , France on 7 December 2019 .
Works
Jean Borotra - Roger Courtois - Jean et Maurice Prat ( 1955 )
La mêlée fantastique ( 1961 )
Le Grand Combat du Quinze de France ( 1962 )
Le Tennis ( 1963 )
Les Coquelicots de Cardiff ( 1965 )
La Girouette en deuil ( 1968 )
Géants du Rugby ( 1970 )
Les conquérants du XV de France ( 1970 )
Les nouveaux géants du rugby ( 1974 )
Dauga ( Podium ) ( 1975 )
Grand Chelem ( 1977 )
Nous reviendrons à Eden Park : le fabuleux roman de la Coupe du monde de rugby 1987 ( 1987 )
Golf 1987 : le roman de l'année ( 1987 )
Le grand combat du XV de France ( 1993 )
Un long dimanche à la campagne ( 1995 )
Le temps des Boni ( 2002 )
Rue du bac : Salut aux années Blondin ( 2002 )
Une table chez Romanoff ( 2003 )
Élissalde de pères en fils ( 2006 )
Dicovale : Le dico non officiel du rugby ( 2007 )
La peau des Springboks ( 2007 )
Chronique Coupe du Monde de Rugby 2007 ( 2007 )
Bergougnan : Un génie du rugby ( 2008 )
Le rugby est ma patrie ( 2009 )
Trois balles dans la peau ( 2011 )
Allez les gazelles ( 2012 )
Lignes d'avant ( s ) et lignes d'arrivée ( 2015 )
La Famille Rugby ( 2015 )
Rugbymania : French flair attitude ( 2016 )
Dieu ramasse les copies ( 2019 )
References
1926 births
2019 deaths
People from Pau , Pyrénées-Atlantiques
French sports journalists
French male journalists
Sportswriters
Monson Henry Goudge ( October 22 , 1829 – March 1 , 1920 ) was a Canadian merchant and political figure . They represented Hants in the House of Commons of Canada from 1873 to 1878 as a Liberal member . Their surname also appears as Gouge.Monson 's middle name , recorded here as Henry is not supported by documentation - it is Hoit or Hoyt ( marriage certificate 1901 ) .
They were born in Windsor , Nova Scotia , the son of Henry Goudge , and educated in Windsor . They ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons against Joseph Howe in 1869 and was first elected in an 1873 by-election held after Howe was named Lieutenant Governor . They were defeated in a bid for reelection in 1878 . Goudge was appointed to the Legislative Council of Nova Scotia for Hants County , serving from 1884 until their death . They also served as president of the council from 1903 .
Goudge was married twice : first to Sophia E. Grant and then to Blanche E. Simpson in 1901 . They were a director of the Mineral Exploration and Mining Association of Nova Scotia . Goudge died in Windsor at the age of 90 .
Electoral record
References
1829 births
1920 deaths
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Nova Scotia
Nova Scotia Liberal Party MLCs
West Oaks is a neighborhood in Minot , North Dakota . The neighborhood is bounded by Oak Park to the North , the Souris River to the east , the Soo Line Railroad tracks to the south and Sixteenth Street SW . The neighborhood is home to the West Oaks Animal Hospital , the West Oaks Apartments , Harleys Automotive Center and gas station , Eagles Wings Community Fellowship and a number of single family homes . Oak Park 's south entrance is located in the neighborhood on Oak Drive SW. A thin strip of land between the Oak Park Oxbow and the Souris River connects the park with the neighborhood . The neighborhood was greatly impacted by the Souris River flood in 2011 . In June 2011 , the Washington Post printed a story about the Minot flood on the front page with an accompanying photograph of Harleys and the nearby Arrowhead Mall . Water inundated both structures , despite the large dikes constructed around both buildings . On June 26 , 2011 , the New York Times also printed an article with an aerial photograph of the flooded Harleys . Similar aerial photographs of the flood at that location are displayed at the Harleys gas station .
References
Neighborhoods in North Dakota
Neighborhoods in Minot , North Dakota
Arnold Diaz ( born July 4 , 1949 ) is an American television consumer watchdog journalist who retired on 3/29/2022 last employed by WPIX-TV in New York . Diaz is famous for their Shame on You series of reports which they did on WCBS-TV for over twenty years . Diaz also worked for ABC News and WNYW in similar capacities , with the latter taking a page from WCBS and naming the segment Shame Shame Shame . They focus most of their reports on exposing wrongdoings and incompetence by private industry and government agencies . Their reports have led to jail time for a number of scam artists .
Education
Diaz obtained their degree from Florida State University where they were a Phi Beta Kappa . They later received their master 's degree in journalism from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University in Chicago , Illinois .
Career
Diaz first reported for WPLG-TV in Miami from the early to mid-1970s , then moved to WCBS-TV in New York , where they served from the mid-1970s to the early 1990s . During their time at WCBS , Diaz won 25 local Emmy Awards . They have won a total of 48 Emmy awards throughout their career . Diaz later worked for ABC 's 20/20 as the show 's Consumer Investigative Reporter from 1995 to 2003 . During their time with 20/20 , they won the National Press Club Consumer Journalism Award and the Consumer Federation of America Media Service Award . They returned to WCBS in 2003 and revived the Shame On You segment , lasting there until moving to WNYW in 2006 , where Diaz 's segment continued under the new title of Shame , Shame , Shame . In 1995 , Diaz was induced into the National Academy of Arts and Sciences Silver Circle . In January 2014 , it was announced Diaz would no longer be working for WNYW-TV . On March 31 , 2014 ; Diaz joined WPIX as part of the newly-formed `` PIX11 Investigates '' unit with longtime reporters Mary Murphy and chief investigator Howard Thompson .
Family
Arnold Diaz lives in Port Chester , New York , with their wife and three children .
References
1949 births
Living people
American television reporters and correspondents
Consumer rights activists
Journalists from New York City
People from Port Chester , New York
New York ( state ) television reporters
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
These are the Billboard magazine number-one albums of 1997 , per the Billboard 200 .
Chart history
See also
1997 in music
List of number-one albums ( United States )
References
1997
1997 record charts
Newtown Township may refer to several places in the United States :
Newtown Township , Livingston County , Illinois
Newtown Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania
Newtown Township , Delaware County , Pennsylvania
See also
Newtown ( disambiguation )
Newton Township ( disambiguation )
Township name disambiguation pages
This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1995 and 1999 , following the direct elections of 1995 .
Composition
Sources
List
1990s in Belgium
The 22nd Motor Rifle Division of the Internal Troops of the NKVD was a NKVD military unit in World War II .
History
The division was formed on June 23 , 1941 , in Riga , in accordance with the mobilization plan , based on the 5th Motorized Rifle Regiment operational troops of the NKVD had 3904 personnel man . However , according to the plan , the division was to comprise the 1st , 3rd and 5th infantry regiment of the NKVD , but the 1st Regiment stationed in Kaunas , was embroiled in fighting and could not connect with the main forces of the division . 3rd Regiment stationed in Tallinn and was also unable to join the division .
The 5th Motorized Rifle Regiment on June 22 , 1941 , returning from Baranovichi did join the division , focused to 18-00 in the city . As part of the army on June 23 , 1941 , to January 5 , 1942 .
The division was filled out by the 83rd Railroad Regiment , the 155th Escort Battalion , and a Red Guards regiment formed from Riga workers ' battalions .
At 7:40 on June 29 , the division 's 83rd Regiment engaged enemy advance units , supported by five tanks , two of which were destroyed , and three dropped to the left bank . At 12:00 the advance part of the German 185th Infantry Regiment of the 87th Infantry Division broke through Riga bridge . The forces of the division , together with the forces of the 10th Rifle Division , killed some of the enemy . At 2:00 am on June 30 , it became known that the enemy had crossed the Daugava Krustpils and pressed in the direction of the Soviet Gulbene . In 3-00 of Krasnogvardeisky regiment received a report that the enemy crossed 15 kilometers south-east of Riga , crushed a militia battalion and advanced along the Moscow highway in the direction of Riga . The 155th Escort Battalion , defend the river crossing Yugla , subjected to massive air , which resulted in the convoy battalion suffered heavy losses and was dedicated to putting in order .
After 30 June 1941 , had to operate as a part of 10th Rifle Corps , 8th Army but it had no organic artillery , engineer , or logistical support . 8.41 wiped out and disbanded 1.42 .
References
Further reading
David Glantz , Companion To Colossus Reborn : Key Documents And Statistics , University Press of Kansas , 2005 .
Divisions of the NKVD in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1941
Wudaoliang railway station ( ) is a crossing loop on the China Railway line to Lhasa in Tibet .
Climate
Wudaoliang has a tundra climate ( Köppen climate classification ET ) with long , frigid , very dry winters and short , cool , less dry summers .
Station layout
The station has a crossing loop and a few sidings shuntable in the Lhasa-bound direction .
A subway at the Lhasa end is provided for road traffic , rather than a level crossing .
References
Stations on the Qinghai–Tibet Railway
Railway stations in Qinghai
Little Lange ( Le Petit Lange ) is a c.1861 oil on canvas painting by Édouard Manet , now on the Staatliche Kunsthalle Karlsruhe . It shows a boy around five years old from the Lange family , who were friends of the artist . Its dark palette is reminiscent of Spanish Golden Age works as well as Antoine Watteau 's Gilles ( Louvre ) . Produced early in the painter 's career , the work 's execution is sketchy in places and prefigures their later Impressionist work .
Subject and dating
Art historians have long had problems identifying the boy portrayed in the painting . The issue is complicated by the work 's dating and where it falls in the chronology of Manet 's oeuvre . Manet themselves placed the dedication `` à Mme h. Lange '' in the lower left-hand corner of the work , below their signature `` éd . Manet '' - the art historian Juliet Wilson-Bareau observes that the letter `` h '' could instead be an `` n '' . The dedication suggests that the boy is a son of a Mrs Lange , though this does not explain the presence of the initial before the surname . On the other hand , the surname Lange is also handwritten in a Manet family photograph album under a carte de visite of a seated man - it was taken in the Dagron studio at 66 rue Neuve des Petits-Champs . Manet 's biographer Adolphe Tabarant questioned Léon Leenhoff about the artist 's personal environment - Leenhoff was an illegitimate son of Manet , though the painter did not know their paternity . According to Leenhoff , Madame Lange was one of those who attended the weekly Tuesday literary salon held by Manet 's wife and mother .
This photograph album may also offer evidence on the work 's precise date , which is unknown . Next to it is a photograph of an unknown girl , on whose back is inscribed the year 1861 . This leads Juliet Wilson-Bareau to conclude that Monsieur de Lange 's carte de visite dates to the same year . It is therefore plausible to conclude the Manet and Lange families were then directly related . Art historians have also compared Little Lange and its themes to Manet 's Child with a Sword ( 1860-61 ) and The Old Musician ( 1862 ) .
More evidence on the Lange family is to be found in letters between the Danish art collector Vilhelm Hansen and Manet 's friend and biographer Théodore Duret . In 1916 Hansen became interested in the work and Duret wrote to them that the child in the portrait was one of the sons of a Monsieur Lange . Duret also mentioned that Lange was one of Ferdinand de Lesseps 's collaborators on building the Suez Canal - its construction began in 1858 . The Wildenstein Institute published a catalogue raisonné of Manet 's work in 1975 - Sophie Pietri of the Institute has also supplied information that the boy 's father was Daniel Adolphus Lange . No further evidence on the boy 's precise identity arose from research for Manet exhibitions in Paris and New York in 2002 and 2003 and so it can not definitely be identified with Daniel Adolphus Lange 's son .
Influences
Spanish art and culture were in fashion in the Paris of the 1860s , partly due to Eugénie de Montijo 's Spanish origins and partly due to a Spanish theatre company putting on folklore shows . Early in that decade Manet copied a number of Diego Velázquez 's works in the Louvre - they were their favourite Spanish painter . They also knew other works of their such as Infante Don Carlos from reproductions in Charles Blanc 's Histoire des peintres de toutes les écoles . The artist 's influence on Manet is particularly visible in their Boy with a Sword ( 1861 ) , who is dressed in 17th century Spanish costume and shown in matching shades which directly refer back to the Spanish painter , although art historians argue that those shades are not solely down to Velázquez 's influence - others such as Jan Lauts speak of `` Spanish black '' in Manet 's palette . The boy 's gaze and the clothes ' style and colours are all directly comparable to Little Lange - both works show a young boy standing in front of a brown background , although Boy is painted in a more classical manner than Lange .
Goya was also a major influence on the work , particularly their Portrait of Victor Guye ( 1810 ) , which also shows a boy dressed in black directly engaging the viewer 's gaze in front of a dark background . Their Portrait of Pepito Costa y Bonelis also has a boy against a dark background , in a similar pose to that in Lange and with a wooden horse and other toys , which may be echoed in Manet 's Lange by the whip and bridle held by the boy . Pepito also shows its subject holding a hat with a red plume , possibly echoed by the red in the bridle of Lange .
Art historians also consider the work may have been influenced by Antoine Watteau 's Gilles , which Manet could have studied in the Louvre , with its life-size face and near-identical pose . Art historians also argue that the hat in Lange refers back to Gilles and that Lange ( and even more so The Old Musician ) both draw on the melancholy atmosphere of Gilles .
Child portraiture - Manet and others
This and other 1860s child portraits by Manet are youthful works by the artist , even if their sometimes sketchy style prefigures their impressionist works from the 1870s and 1880s . After Lange , children mainly appeared as part of a larger work or in profile in Manet 's work - for example , their 1862 Music in the Tuileries includes two children playing as just one part of a representation of Parisian society and their 1866 The Fifer ( still strongly Spanish-influenced ) draws closer to their impressionist style .
Little Jacques Hoschedé in the Garden shows a point in this evolution . As with Lange , it shows the young son of a family friend , but in lighter brushwork and a brighter palette . Painted only two years before Manet 's death , Henry Bernstein as a Child shows more thematic similarities to Lange from twenty years before , with a boy in a white costume , lifesize , in a near-identical pose , holding another black hat , with a similarly direct gaze and again against a sketchy brown background .
Other artists of the time were influenced by Velázquez and Goya . This can be seen in the child portraits Marie-Anne , the Artist 's Daughter by Carolus-Duran , a friend of Manet , or Portrait of Robert de Cévrieux by John Singer Sargent . Dressed in black , both these children are posed in front of a dark background and - as in Lange - their gaze directly holds that of the viewer . Comparable accessories like the bridle and whip in Lange are to be found in Impressionist child portraits such as Claude Monet 's Jean Monet on a Rocking Horse , although that work shows its subject playing , unlike Lange . That work and Pierre-Auguste Renoir 's Child with a Whip both show a child in a natural environment rather than against a dark background , although that work by Renoir shows a child in a very static pose as in Lange
Provenance
The work was initially owned by the Lange family for a few decades , before being put on sale at the Bernheim-Jeune Gallery in September 1911 . Two months later the business person and Paris resident Alexander von Frey bought the work . In 1913 it was exhibited in Munich at the Galerie moderne Heinrich Thannhauser before being bought by the Leipzig-based industrial magnate Paul von Bleichert . Its next known owner was the Swiss industrialist and art collector Josef Müller ( 1877–1977 ) from Soleure . Their collection ranged from Pierre-Auguste Renoir to Fernand Léger and was later donated to their town 's art gallery . However , this did not include Lange , which Müller had already sold to the New York-based business person Howard Young , uncle of the actor Elizabeth Taylor . Its next owner was Annie Swan Coburn from Chicago , who lent it to the Art Institute of Chicago for a number of years . On 2 March 1944 the New York business person Ralph C. Colin bought it at an auction organised by the Parke-Bernet auction house . In 1962 it arrived in the Staatlichen Kunsthalle Karlsruhe thanks to the Düsseldorf art dealer Wilhelm Grosshenning , who had bought it using money from the Wettmittelfonds , a fund set up from the profits from the Staatliche Toto-Lotto Gesellschaft , the state lottery of Bade-Wurtemberg - about a quarter of that fund is used on artistic and cultural projects and purchases
References
Bibliography
Gary Tinterow , Geneviève Lacambre : Manet/Velázquez : The French Taste for Spanish Painting , exhibition catalogue , Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York , 2003 .
Jan Lauts : Französische Meister aus der Staatlichen Kunsthalle Karlsruhe , Staatliche Kunsthalle Karlsruhe , Karlsruhe 1963 .
Jan Lauts in Jahrbuch der Staatlichen Kunstsammlungen in Baden-Württemberg , tome I , Deutscher Kunstverlag , Munich/Berlin 1964 .
Manuela B. Mena Marqués : Manet en el Prado , exhibition catalogue , Prado , Madrid 2003 , 540 p. .
Gert Reising in Werner Meyer ( ed . ) : 250 Meisterwerke : 25 Jahre Toto-Lottoerwerbungen für die Kunstmuseen in Baden-Württemberg , Staatsgalerie Stuttgart , Stuttgart 1984 .
Manet , exhibition catalogue , Réunion des musées nationaux Paris and Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York , 1983 .
Denis Rouart , Daniel Wildenstein : Edouard Manet : Catalogue raisonné , Bibliothèque des Arts , Paris and Lausanne , 1975 .
Kirsten Claudia Voigt : Staatliche Kunsthalle Karlsruhe , Deutscher Kunstverlag , Munich/Berlin , 2002 , .
Portraits by Édouard Manet
Paintings of children
Paintings in the collection of the Staatliche Kunsthalle Karlsruhe
1861 paintings
FightBox is an international English language TV channel owned by Mediabox Broadcasting International , a division of SPI International . The network broadcasts programming related to combat sports , including mixed martial arts , boxing , kickboxing , and professional wrestling .
History
The channel was started June 1 , 2012 .
Programming
Bare Knuckle
Valor BK - American promotion .
Boxing
LNK Boxing - Baltic promotion .
Kickboxing
Colosseum Tournament - Romanian promotion .
Enfusion - Dutch promotion .
GFC - Romanian promotion .
KOK - Baltic promotion .
Kunlun Fight - Chinese promotion .
Makowski Fighting Championship - Polish promotion .
Mix Fight Championship - German promotion .
Mix Fight Gala - German promotion .
OSS Fighters - Romanian promotion .
Prometheus Fighting Promotion - Romanian promotion .
Superfight Serie Hungary - Hungarian promotion .
TatNeft Cup - Russian promotion .
MMA
Cage Fury - American promotion .
MMA Bushido - Baltic promotion .
RXF - Romanian promotion .
Thunderstrike Fight League - Polish promotion .
Professional wrestling
NEW - German promotion .
References
External links
English-language television stations
SPI International
Television channels in the Netherlands
Government High School for Boys , Salarwala , was established as a junior Anglo-vernacular school in 1920 . It was promoted to its current high school status in 1937 . A degree college is currently under construction . The school has 3,000 enrolled .
History
Founded in 1920 and promoted to a high school in 1937 , the school was formerly under the auspices of the District Board Faisalabad : the letters 'DB ' still appear on the face of the old science room . The school was nationalized under Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto 's policy of nationalization .
Until 1970 , the school had a hostel for boys who lived too far away to commute . It was closed when other schools were opened in nearby areas .
Library
The school has a library with about 20,000 books , including collections of science , fiction , and rare Persian books .
Notable alumni
Chaudhry Muhammad Afzal Sahi
Muhammad Saleem Bajawa , Advisor to chief minister , Punjab assembly
The school is particularly known for producing khabadi and football players .
Headmasters
Headmasters of the school have included :
Sheikh Zaka Ullah
Muhammad Ali Bajwa
Muhammad Afzal Bajwa
Muhammad Ashraf Sidhu
Muhammad Arif Chattha
References
External links
Schools in Faisalabad
Boys ' schools in Pakistan
1920 establishments in British India
Educational institutions established in 1920
The 2021–22 Kategoria e Parë is the 74th official season of the Albanian football second-tier since its establishment . The season began on 11 September 2021 and ended on 7 May 2022 . There are 16 teams competing this season . The winning and runner-up teams will gain promotion to the 2022-23 Kategoria Superiore . The promotion play-offs winner will play a promotion play-off match against the 8th ranked team of the 2021–22 Kategoria Superiore .
Changes from last season
Team changes
From Kategoria e Parë
Promoted to Kategoria Superiore :
Dinamo Tirana
Egnatia
Relegated to Kategoria e Dytë :
Elbasani
Flamurtari
Oriku
Partizani B
Veleçiku
To Kategoria e Parë
Relegated from Kategoria Superiore :
Apolonia
Bylis
Promoted from Kategoria e Dytë :
Butrinti
Maliqi
Shkumbini
Tërbuni
Locations
Stadia by capacity and locations
League table
Results
Positions by round
The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches .
Promotion play-offs
< onlyinclude >
Semi-finals
Final
Korabi qualified to the final play-off match .
Relegation play-offs
Pogradeci was relegated to Kategoria e Dytë , while Oriku was promoted to Kategoria e Parë .
Both teams remained in their respective leagues .
Top scorers
References
2021-22
2
Albania
Divarilima sydneyensis is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae , the file shells or file clams . It is the type species of its genus .
References
SealifeBase
PaleoDB
Limidae
Bivalves of New Zealand
Bivalves of Australia
Molluscs described in 1904
The white sapote , scientific name Casimiroa edulis , also called casimiroa and Mexican apple , and known as cochitzapotl in the Nahuatl language ( meaning `` sleep-sapote '' ) is a species of tropical fruiting tree in the family Rutaceae , native to eastern Mexico and Central America south to Costa Rica . The genus is named for `` an Otomi Indian , Casimiro Gómez , from the town of Cardonal in Hidalgo , Mexico , who fought and died in Mexico 's war of independence . ''
Description
Mature C. edulis trees range from tall and are evergreen . The leaves are alternate , palmately compound with three to five leaflets , the leaflets 6–13 cm long and 2.5–5 cm broad with an entire margin , and the leaf petiole 10–15 cm long .
The fruit is an ovoid drupe , 5–10 cm in diameter , with a thin , inedible skin turning from green to yellow when ripe , and an edible pulp , which can range in flavor from bland to banana-like to peach to pear to vanilla flan.photo 1photo 2photo 3 The pulp can be creamy-white in green-skin varieties or a beige-yellow in yellow-skin varieties and has a smooth texture similar to ripe avocado . It contains from one to five seeds that are said to have narcotic properties .
Chemical constituents
In the past 40 years , experiments carried out on the white sapote 's seeds have identified many pharmacologically active compounds , including : N-methylhistamine , N , N-dimethylhistamine , and histamine . It also contains 2′,5,6-trimethoxyflavone , 2′ , 6',5,6 , -tetramethoxyflavone ( zapotin ) , and 5-hydroxy-2′,6,7-trimethoxyflavone ( zapotinin ) .
Health effects
Several in vitro studies have shown that zapotin has potential anticarcinogenic effects against isolated colon cancer cells .
The fruit has long been thought to produce drowsiness , as claimed by Francisco Hernández de Toledo in the 16th century , but this may be a misinterpretation of the Nahuatl name of the plant , cochitzapotl ( meaning ' '' sleep-sapote '' ) , as its seeds were processed to produce a poison by the Aztecs , and the seeds and leaves , but not fruit pulp of the plant , contain sleep-inducing compounds .
Taxonomy
Unlike the mamey sapote , white sapote is a member of the family Rutaceae , to which citrus belongs . The black sapote is also unrelated and is actually a species of persimmon . This confusion may be because `` sapote '' comes from the Nahuatl ( Aztec ) word tzapotl , used to describe all soft , sweet fruit . Commonly grown in northern New South Wales , Australia , and often mistaken for a persimmon , these two fruits are unrelated .
See also
List of culinary fruits
References
Further reading
Huxley , A . ( 1992 ) . New RHS Dictionary of Gardening . Macmillan .
Henry A . & Vera-Caletti P. 2010 . – Usages du sapotier blanc ( Casimiroa spp . ) en Mésoamérique . Histoire , ethnographie et botanique . Anthropobotanica 1.7-2010. in French with English abstract
Zanthoxyloideae
Tropical fruit
Flora of Central America
Trees of Costa Rica
Trees of El Salvador
Trees of Guatemala
Trees of Mexico
Medicinal plants
Edible fruits
José Beyaert ( 1 October 1925 – 11 June 2005 ) was a French professional cyclist who competed during the 1940s and 1950s , and was the 1948 Olympics road race champion . Beyaert moved to Colombia in 1952 and lived there for several years where they were the coach to the national cycling team . They also competed in the Vuelta a Colombia which they won on their first attempt in 1952 . They finished second the following year and eighth the year after . They also rode in the 1950 Tour de France and finished 47th overall .
Major results
1945
3rd Paris–Évreux
1948
Summer Olympics
1st Road race
3rd Team time trial
3rd Trofeo Matteotti
1949
1st GP de l'Echo d'Alger
1950
1st Grand Prix d'Isbergues
9th Paris–Brussels
1952
1st Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stages 2 , 3 , 6 , 11 & 13
1953
2nd Overall Vuelta a Colombia
1st Stages 3 & 8
1955
1st Stages 8a , 8b & 17 Vuelta a Colombia
Further reading
References
External links
1925 births
2005 deaths
People from Lens , Pas-de-Calais
French male cyclists
Cyclists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of France
Olympic gold medalists for France
Olympic bronze medalists for France
French cycling coaches
National team coaches
Olympic medalists in cycling
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Pas-de-Calais
Cyclists from Hauts-de-France
BVI Airways is a defunct airline of the British Virgin Islands . Its headquarters were located at its hub at Terrance B. Lettsome International Airport serving the territory 's main island of Tortola with the capital , Road Town . It suspended inter-island operations in late 2014 , shortly after a change of ownership to concentrate on a non-stop schedule directly to the United States . The company slogan was Your Caribbean Airline .
In July 2017 the airline made most of its staff redundant , and in March 2018 it was alleged that at least one of its aircraft had been sold off to a third party , Net Tune Airwaves . A number of controversial allegations have been made about the airline in a lawsuit .
In May 2020 , following a report by the Auditor General , it was announced that there would be a 'full criminal investigation ' into the Government 's investment in the airline . In June 2020 it was announced that funding would be made available to hire specialist investigators to assist the Royal Virgin Islands Police Force in relation to an investigation into criminal aspects of the matter .
History
BVI Airways was founded in 2009 and started operations in May 2010 , initially serving the popular Beef Island ( EIS ) to St Maarten ( SXM ) route three times per week . In September 2010 the airline began flying some services on behalf of Winair , adding Dominica ( DOM ) to its route network .
In March 2014 the airline changed ownership with Jerry Willoughby taking over the company from Luke Smith . Willoughby was a former Delta Air Lines Captain and announced plans for bigger aircraft and an expanded route network , including plans to link Tortola directly with Miami International Airport ( MIA ) .
In January 2016 it was announced by the Premier of the British Virgin Islands that a partnership was formed to launch flights starting in winter 2016-17 direct to Miami .
In June 2020 a highly critical of the Auditor General in relation to the Government 's handling of the investment into BVI Airways was published .
Fleet
BVI Airways ' initial fleet consisted of two 19-seater British Aerospace Jetstream Super 31 commuter turboprops . The new non-stop service to Miami will make use of the British Aerospace Avro RJ 100 jet with the Avro RJ 100 being a later model version of the British Aerospace Bae 146 jet . In October 2016 , BVI Airways received its maiden airlines type RJ-100 aircraft naming BVI Airways with two more to be delivered . Once regulation plans are completed this aircraft will make the first non-stop international flight from Tortola to Miami in many years . However , at the present time , it appears there is no non-stop scheduled passenger jet service between Tortola and Miami according to FlightAware .
Government Funding
In January 2016 the Government of the British Virgin Islands announced that it would be investing US $ 7 million into the airline . In July 2016 it was reported that there would be a small delay in the commencement of direct flights to Miami . Other proposed dates for commencement have come and gone . According to FlightAware , there is no scheduled passenger airline service being operated between Tortola and Miami with jet aircraft at the present time .
In July 2017 the airline implemented wide-ranging redundancies , casting doubts upon its future . Shortly thereafter Hurricane Irma struck the Territory causing widespread disruption to air carriers for an extended period of time .
In December 2017 the BVI Government served notices upon the airline accusing it of being in material breach of the $ 7 million contract it had signed with Government . In February 2018 it was reported that the Government had still not taken any steps to enforce its claims , and in July 2018 a Government minister gave a press conference saying they `` could not locate '' any of the principals of the airline . In March 2018 opposition politician Andrew Fahie called for a Commission of Inquiry into the investment , alleging that the money is now irrecoverable . They later described the payment to the airline as a `` scam '' .
Redundancies
In July 2017 BVI Airways announced that it was laying off all of its staff due to cash shortages . In a press release the airline indicated that the step was necessary because the airline had depleted most cash reserves before it had begun flights , but expressed the hope that the layoffs would be temporary .
Lawsuits
In a lawsuit filed in the New York courts between the present and previous owners of BVI Airways , a number of serious allegations of misconduct were made in relation to the running of the airline .
Criminal investigation
The Auditor General issued a report into the Government 's investment , which was delivered to the Governor in February 2020 . After an initial delay it was shared with the Cabinet in April 2020 , and then released to the public in June . In the statement the Governor , Augustus Jaspert , noted that the report `` highlighted a number of areas where there have been failures to follow proper processes : in seeking competitive options for contracts ; in failing to adopt legal and other advice ; in the execution of a contract , and in weaknesses in financial and project performance management systems . '' They added : `` This is all hugely concerning '' , noting `` previous audit reports have highlighted similar failures which have also led to the loss of Government 's revenues . '' They further noted that `` The Commissioner of Police has undertaken steps to launch a criminal investigation based on the contents of this report . ''
In May 2020 , following a report by the Auditor General , it was announced that there would be a 'full criminal investigation ' into the Government 's investment in the airline . In June 2020 it was announced that funding would be made available to hire specialist investigators to assist the Royal Virgin Islands Police Force in relation to the investigation into criminal aspects of the matter .
References
External links
Official site
Airlines of the British Virgin Islands
The Yezdi Roadking was a motorcycle produced in India by Ideal Jawa Ltd , Mysore from 1978 to 1996 . It was based on the CZ 250 motocross ( type 980.5 ) ridden by Jaroslav Falta to the runner-up spot in the 1974 motocross world championship . It was sold under the brand name Yezdi . The bike won several Indian rallies and road races . The bike had a 250 cc engine with dual exhausts and a semi-automatic clutch and Jawa/CZ 's trademark integrated gear shifter/kick-starter .
Origins
The Yezdi Roadking was the successor of the short-lived Yezdi Oilking . The Oilking was the first motorcycle in India to attempt to move away from pre-mixed fuel to a separate oil lube system via an oil pump . The box-like shape on the left hand cover housed the oil pump . Unfortunately this system had a very high failure rate resulting in piston seizures . This resulted in the discontinuation of the Oilking and the birth of the Roadking . The Roadking though , still retained the protuberance on the left engine cover that housed the oil pump in the Oilking . The Yezdi Roadking was based on the 1974 CZ 250 Falta , where the original bore and stroke of was retained , but detuned for lower power than its Motocross original . The engine block is smaller than and different from the Yezdi Classic/Model B in appearance . Also the CZ original had a `` Porcupine '' cylinder head , which was used only in the initial models ; the cylinder head later reverted to regular straight fin design . The cylinder block ( Type 980.5 ) was from CZ . Just like in the older Jawa 353 Kyvacka and the Yezdi Model B , the Roadking also came with an original Tesla ( Czechoslovakian ) headlight bulb as standard .
Frame
The frame is a single frame of motocross origin and was built out of square tube . The fork was more pronounced with a higher rake angle and came with adjustable shock absorbers . Rims were 16 inches . The motocross and ice racing origin frame and proper weight balance made handling very easy and agile compared to its rivals in India .
Engine
The cylinder block was carried over from the CZ 250 motocross , which had an over-square stroke ratio . Carburetors were either Jikov ( tickler choke ) or Pacco , wherein the former was exclusively for the Roadking while the latter was used for the Classic D250 model . The spark plugs were cold and the bike also featured a semi-automatic clutch , where a mechanism by the name cam and roller connected to the clutch push rod to engage/disengage the clutch which is unique to this and other Yezdi/Jawa models . The cam and roller is mechanically coupled to the gear selector thereby eliminating the need for a hand-clutch while engaging the gears . The motorcycle featured dual exhaust ports with dual silencers akin to most Jawa motorcycles , but unlike the CZ 250 on which it was based , which featured a single exhaust port . Another unique feature of the bike was that the kick-starter and the gear shared the same shaft as with all Jawa/CZ/Yezdi motorcycles . Once the gear rod is reversed it doubles as a kicker and once started it automatically returns to the original position .
Models
CB unit models
The bike was silently launched in India in the late 1970s by Ideal Jawa . It had a prominent fuel tank and was finished in signature Jawa maroon and sometimes in black and gold pinstripe , priced slightly higher than the Classic and CL II models . The troublesome contact breaker ignition was replaced in 1993 with an electronic CDI unit . Until 1989 , Roadkings had a provision for adjusting the front fork dampers .
Oilking
During the late 1970s , another model known as Oil King was also launched which featured an oil pump for the 2T mix with petrol but later production ceased due to rampant issues with fuel pump failure . The prominent protrusion on the left hand side gearbox housing was the original location of the pump . Though the model was discontinued , the engine casing found its way into the Roadking and hence all Roadkings have this protrusion even though the oil pump is not included .
CDI unit models
In 1993 , in an effort to increase fuel efficiency and to solve starting problems the CB or contact breaker ignition units were replaced with CDI electronic ignition units . The livery was also changed . Fuel efficiency was increased by 30 % , however the motorcycle 's competitors were getting better and with rising fuel prices the sales plummeted until finally it ceased operations in 1996 .
Monarch
At the 1996 Auto Expo , Yezdi displayed a model which used the Yezdi 350 Twin frame & fuel tank , and the Roadking engine . The rims were 18 inches as opposed to the regular 16 inches . However , it sold only in few numbers . Although some attribute its low sales volume to the company 's need to get rid of the surplus Yezdi 350 frames that remained in the factory after the Twin was discontinued .
Indian Motorsports
In road races at Sholavaram , the Roadking ran in its own 250 cc class , while in the Indian open class category its main rival was Royal Enfield Bullet and later the much more powerful Rajdoot 350 . Power was usually increased to 25+ bhp or beyond for Group E categories where the engine was bored up till 300 cc and over-engineered in stock trim . Among prominent racers were C.K . Chinnappa and Somender Singh . In rallies , N. Jagadeeswara Reddy won many rallies until 1980 . Then racing couple Jagat and Anita Nanjappa and Thirumal Roy won several victories before switching to the Rajdoot Yamaha RD350 . During the early 1990s FMSCI , the sporting federation of India banned two-wheelers above 120 cc from rallies thus ending the Roadking 's run in motor sports .
Powergliders
The Roadking engines were a favorite among the hang-glider manufacturers in India . A Coimbatore based manufacturer headed by late motor racing driver and constructor , S. Karivardhan manufactured and exported several Power gliders using Roadking engines with modified aluminum heads , K & N filters and sleeved bore .
Further developments
As a result of power glider efforts , during 1996 Somender Singh , a former Ideal Jawa road and rally racer developed a more refined engine , made from aluminium as opposed to the usual cast-iron , with increased power and fuel efficiency which was featured in Car & Bike magazine . The design was never put into production even though it ended up with Ideal Jawa .
These motorcycles were also used by various police forces around the world , examples being Guatemala , Sri Lanka , Egypt , Turkey etc .
External links
Official Ideal Jawa site
https : //www.yezdi.com/
Ideal Jawa motorcycles
Motorcycles introduced in 1978
A heterotroph ( ; ) is an organism that can not produce its own food , instead taking nutrition from other sources of organic carbon , mainly plant or animal matter . In the food chain , heterotrophs are primary , secondary and tertiary consumers , but not producers . Living organisms that are heterotrophic include all animals and fungi , some bacteria and protists , and many parasitic plants . The term heterotroph arose in microbiology in 1946 as part of a classification of microorganisms based on their type of nutrition . The term is now used in many fields , such as ecology in describing the food chain .
Heterotrophs may be subdivided according to their energy source . If the heterotroph uses chemical energy , it is a chemoheterotroph ( e.g. , humans and mushrooms ) . If it uses light for energy , then it is a photoheterotroph ( e.g. , green non-sulfur bacteria ) .
Heterotrophs represent one of the two mechanisms of nutrition ( trophic levels ) , the other being autotrophs ( auto = self , troph = nutrition ) . Autotrophs use energy from sunlight ( photoautotrophs ) or oxidation of inorganic compounds ( lithoautotrophs ) to convert inorganic carbon dioxide to organic carbon compounds and energy to sustain their life . Comparing the two in basic terms , heterotrophs ( such as animals ) eat either autotrophs ( such as plants ) or other heterotrophs , or both .
Detritivores are heterotrophs which obtain nutrients by consuming detritus ( decomposing plant and animal parts as well as feces ) . Saprotrophs ( also called lysotrophs ) are chemoheterotrophs that use extracellular digestion in processing decayed organic matter . The process is most often facilitated through the active transport of such materials through endocytosis within the internal mycelium and its constituent hyphae .
Types
Heterotrophs can be organotrophs or lithotrophs . Organotrophs exploit reduced carbon compounds as electron sources , like carbohydrates , fats , and proteins from plants and animals . On the other hand , lithoheterotrophs use inorganic compounds , such as ammonium , nitrite , or sulfur , to obtain electrons . Another way of classifying different heterotrophs is by assigning them as chemotrophs or phototrophs . Phototrophs utilize light to obtain energy and carry out metabolic processes , whereas chemotrophs use the energy obtained by the oxidation of chemicals from their environment .
Photoorganoheterotrophs , such as Rhodospirillaceae and purple non-sulfur bacteria synthesize organic compounds using sunlight coupled with oxidation of organic substances .
They use organic compounds to build structures . They do not fix carbon dioxide and apparently do not have the Calvin cycle . Chemolithoheterotrophs like Oceanithermus profundus obtain energy from the oxidation of inorganic compounds , including hydrogen sulfide , elemental sulfur , thiosulfate , and molecular hydrogen . Mixotrophs ( or facultative chemolithotroph ) can use either carbon dioxide or organic carbon as the carbon source , meaning that mixotrophs have the ability to use both heterotrophic and autotrophic methods .
Although mixotrophs have the ability to grow under both heterotrophic and autotrophic conditions , C. vulgaris have higher biomass and lipid productivity when growing under heterotrophic compared to autotrophic conditions .
Heterotrophs , by consuming reduced carbon compounds , are able to use all the energy that they obtain from food for growth and reproduction , unlike autotrophs , which must use some of their energy for carbon fixation . Both heterotrophs and autotrophs alike are usually dependent on the metabolic activities of other organisms for nutrients other than carbon , including nitrogen , phosphorus , and sulfur , and can die from lack of food that supplies these nutrients . This applies not only to animals and fungi but also to bacteria .
Origin and Diversification
The chemical origin of life hypothesis suggests that life originated in a prebiotic soup with heterotrophs . The summary of this theory is as follows : early Earth had a highly reducing atmosphere and energy sources such as electrical energy in the form of lightning , which resulted in reactions that formed simple organic compounds , which further reacted to form more complex compounds and eventually result in life . Alternative theories of an autotrophic origin of life contradict this theory .
The theory of a chemical origin of life beginning with heterotrophic life was first proposed in 1924 by Alexander Ivanovich Oparin , and eventually published “ The Origin of Life. ” It was independently proposed for the first time in English in 1929 by John Burdon Sanderson Haldane . While these authors agreed on the gasses present and the progression of events to a point , Oparin championed a progressive complexity of organic matter prior to the formation of cells , while Haldane had more considerations about the concept of genes as units of heredity and the possibility of light playing a role in chemical synthesis ( autotrophy ) .
Evidence grew to support this theory in 1953 , when Stanley Miller 's conducted an experiment in which they added gasses that were thought to be present on early Earth – water ( H2O ) , methane ( CH4 ) , ammonia ( NH3 ) , and hydrogen ( H2 ) – to a flask and stimulated them with electricity that resembled lightning present on early Earth . The experiment resulted in the discovery that early Earth conditions were supportive of the production of amino acids , with recent re-analyses of the data recognizing that over 40 different amino acids were produced , including several not currently used by life . This experiment heralded the beginning of the field of synthetic prebiotic chemistry , and is now known as the Miller–Urey experiment .
On early Earth , oceans and shallow waters were rich with organic molecules that could have been used by primitive heterotrophs . This method of obtaining energy was energetically favorable until organic carbon became more scarce than inorganic carbon , providing a potential evolutionary pressure to become autotrophic . Following the evolution of autotrophs , heterotrophs were able to utilize them as a food source instead of relying on the limited nutrients found in their environment . Eventually , autotrophic and heterotrophic cells were engulfed by these early heterotrophs and formed a symbiotic relationship . The endosymbiosis of autotrophic cells is suggested to have evolved into the chloroplasts while the endosymbiosis of smaller heterotrophs developed into the mitochondria , allowing the differentiation of tissues and development into multicellularity . This advancement allowed the further diversification of heterotrophs . Today , many heterotrophs and autotrophs also utilize mutualistic relationships that provide needed resources to both organisms . One example of this is the mutualism between corals and algae , where the former provides protection and necessary compounds for photosynthesis while the latter provides oxygen .
Heterotrophs are currently found in each domain of life : Bacteria , Archaea , and Eukarya . Domain Bacteria includes a variety of metabolic activity including photoheterotrophs , chemoheterotrophs , organotrophs , and heterolithotrophs . Within Domain Eukarya , kingdoms Fungi and Animalia are entirely heterotrophic , though most fungi absorb nutrients through their environment . Most organisms within Kingdom Protista are heterotrophic while Kingdom Plantae is almost entirely autotrophic , except for myco-heterotrophic plants . Lastly , Domain Archaea varies immensely in metabolic functions and contains many methods of heterotrophy .
Flowchart
Autotroph
Chemoautotroph
Photoautotroph
Heterotroph
Chemoheterotroph
Photoheterotroph
Ecology
Many heterotrophs are chemoorganoheterotrophs that use organic carbon ( e.g . glucose ) as their carbon source , and organic chemicals ( e.g . carbohydrates , lipids , proteins ) as their electron sources . Heterotrophs function as consumers in food chain : they obtain these nutrients from saprotrophic , parasitic , or holozoic nutrients . They break down complex organic compounds ( e.g. , carbohydrates , fats , and proteins ) produced by autotrophs into simpler compounds ( e.g. , carbohydrates into glucose , fats into fatty acids and glycerol , and proteins into amino acids ) . They release the chemical energy of nutrient molecules by oxidizing carbon and hydrogen atoms from carbohydrates , lipids , and proteins to carbon dioxide and water , respectively .
They can catabolize organic compounds by respiration , fermentation , or both . Fermenting heterotrophs are either facultative or obligate anaerobes that carry out fermentation in low oxygen environments , in which the production of ATP is commonly coupled with substrate-level phosphorylation and the production of end products ( e.g . alcohol , , sulfide ) . These products can then serve as the substrates for other bacteria in the anaerobic digest , and be converted into CO2 and CH4 , which is an important step for the carbon cycle for removing organic fermentation products from anaerobic environments . Heterotrophs can undergo respiration , in which ATP production is coupled with oxidative phosphorylation . This leads to the release of oxidized carbon wastes such as CO2 and reduced wastes like H2O , H2S , or N2O into the atmosphere . Heterotrophic microbes ' respiration and fermentation account for a large portion of the release of CO2 into the atmosphere , making it available for autotrophs as a source of nutrient and plants as a cellulose synthesis substrate .
Respiration in heterotrophs is often accompanied by mineralization , the process of converting organic compounds to inorganic forms . When the organic nutrient source taken in by the heterotroph contains essential elements such as N , S , P in addition to C , H , and O , they are often removed first to proceed with the oxidation of organic nutrient and production of ATP via respiration . S and N in organic carbon source are transformed into H2S and NH4+ through desulfurylation and deamination , respectively . Heterotrophs also allow for dephosphorylation as part of decomposition . The conversion of N and S from organic form to inorganic form is a critical part of the nitrogen and sulfur cycle . H2S formed from desulfurylation is further oxidized by lithotrophs and phototrophs while NH4+ formed from deamination is further oxidized by lithotrophs to the forms available to plants . Heterotrophs ' ability to mineralize essential elements is critical to plant survival .
Most opisthokonts and prokaryotes are heterotrophic ; in particular , all animals and fungi are heterotrophs . Some animals , such as corals , form symbiotic relationships with autotrophs and obtain organic carbon in this way . Furthermore , some parasitic plants have also turned fully or partially heterotrophic , while carnivorous plants consume animals to augment their nitrogen supply while remaining autotrophic .
Animals are classified as heterotrophs by ingestion , fungi are classified as heterotrophs by absorption .
References
Biology terminology
Trophic ecology
Poole Town may refer to :
Poole Town Ward , an electoral ward within the Borough of Poole
Poole Town F.C. , a seventh-tier English football team
Poole Town Centre
Poole Town Hall
Kışla , Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
SJT may refer to :
IATA code SJT for San Angelo Regional Airport
Situational judgement test , a form of psychological test
The Stephen Joseph Theatre in Scarborough
Tayfun Taşdemir ( born November 5 , 1975 ) is a Turkish professional carom billiards player specialized in three-cushion event .
Early years
Tayfun Taşdemir was born in Muş , eastern Turkey on November 5 , 1975 . They graduated in Economics from Marmara University .
Career
They played three years for the Dutch team Twentevisie .
After enjoying world team champion titles several times , Taşdemir finally won their first individual world-class level title at the 3rd leg of the 2015 Three-Cushion World Cup in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam defeating Torbjörn Blomdahl from Sweden in the final . They also won the 1st leg of the 2019 Three-Cushion World Cup in Antalya , Turkey defeating Cho Jae-ho .
Achievements
2002
UMB World Three-cushion Championship for National Teams , Viersen , Germany
2003
UMB World Three-cushion Championship for National Teams , Viersen , Germany
2004
UMB World Three-cushion Championship for National Teams , Viersen , Germany
2005
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 4 , Istanbul , Turkey
2006
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 5 , Istanbul , Turkey
2009
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 1 , Sluiskil , Netherlands
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 5 , Hurghada , Egypt
CEB European Three-cushion Championship , Odense , Denmark
2010
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 2 , Suwon , South Korea
CEB European Three-cushion Championship , Sankt Wendel , Germany
2011
UMB World Three-cushion Championship for National Teams , Viersen , Germany
2012
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 1 , Antalya , Turkey
2013
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 3 , Corinth , Greece
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 5 , Hurghada , Egypt
UMB World Three-cushion Championship for National Teams , Viersen , Germany
2014
UMB World Three-cushion Championship for National Teams , Viersen , Germany
2015
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 3 , Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam
Three-Cushion World Cup Leg 4 , Guri , South Korea
UMB World Three-cushion Championship for National Teams , Viersen , Germany
References
External links
1975 births
People from Muş
Marmara University alumni
Turkish carom billiards players
Three-cushion billiards players
Turkish expatriates in the Netherlands
Expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Living people
20th-century Turkish people
21st-century Turkish people
West Philadelphia High School is a secondary school located in the West Philadelphia section of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania at the intersection of 49th Street and Chestnut Street .
History
The original West Philadelphia High School ( WPHS ) building opened in 1912 as Philadelphia 's first secondary school west of the Schuylkill , occupying an entire city block bounded by 47th Street , 48th Street , Walnut Street and Locust Street . The student population at that time was in excess of 5,500 . Such was the press on the new high school , which originally stood as two separate buildings for boys and girls , that the City was compelled to open Overbrook High School in 1926 . A third high school , John Bartram , followed in 1935 .
The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986 .
WPHS 's athletic field , which is located at 48th and Spruce Street , was formerly known as Passon Field and home to Negro league baseball in the 1930s . It was the home field of the Eastern Colored League 's Philadelphia Bacharach Giants starting in 1931 , and the Negro National League 's Philadelphia Stars in 1934 and 1935 . In 1936 the Stars moved to Penmar Park at 44th and Parkside , where they played the majority of their home games through their final season in 1952 . The field is still in use by West Philadelphia High School 's football and baseball teams .
In September 2011 the school moved to a new building at its current building at 49th & Chestnut Streets . The new building is much smaller due to reduced enrollment at the high school . The former building at 47th Street & Walnut Street was converted into housing as the West Lofts , for about 268 apartments .
In June 2013 the school district allowed the Sustainability Workshop to take all of the space in the auto mechanic building , prompting community opposition .
In November 2016 , the water from some faucets at the high school was found to be discolored , and was declared unsafe by school officials the following month .
Small learning communities
AUTO : Automotive Academy
B & T : Business and Technology
UL : Urban Leadership
9 : Ninth Grade Success Academy
CAPA : Creative & Performing Arts
Sports programs & extracurricular activities
Cheerleading Squad
Dance Club
Musicals
Choir
Volleyball
Baseball
Boys Basketball - 1977 National Champions
Girls Basketball
Football
Track
Notable alumni
Gene Banks - NBA Player
Tyrell Biggs - 1984 Olympic Heavyweight Boxing Champion
John McDermott - first American winner of the U.S. Open golf tournament .
Anne Rudin - Former Sacramento mayor
Ray Scott ( basketball ) - NBA & ABA Player , NBA Coach
Art Spector ( 1920–1987 ) - Boston Celtics basketball player
LeAnna Washington - Pennsylvania State Senator for the 4th district ( 2005-2014 )
References
External links
Public School Insights Story on WPHS
Educational institutions established in 1912
High schools in Philadelphia
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Philadelphia
School District of Philadelphia
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
1912 establishments in Pennsylvania
West Philadelphia
Claude Boyer ( 1618 in Albi – 22 July 1698 in Paris ) was a French clergyman , playwright , apologist and poet . Contrary to a popular belief , they were never abbot .
Claude Boyer was educated by the Jesuits , where they excelled in rhetoric . Their classmate Michel Le Clerc , who like them wrote tragedies and was elected to the French Academy , became one of their closest friends . In 1645 , Boyer moved to Paris where they attended exhibitions and produced their first play , The Roman Portia , played at the Hôtel de Bourgogne in 1646 . The play was a great success . Throughout their career some thirty plays , most of which were tragedies , experienced great success . The tragedy The Loves of Jupiter and Semele in 1666 was a triumph . When one of the highest literary authorities of the seventeenth century , Jean Chaplain , composed around 1662 a paper on literary men of their time , they thought of Claude Boyer .
Sources
Jean-Paul C. Montagnier , “ Claude Boyer librettiste : remarques sur Méduse , ” Revue d'histoire du théâtre 191 ( 1996 ) , pp . 303–320 .
People from Albi
1618 births
1698 deaths
17th-century French male writers
17th-century French poets
17th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Members of the Académie Française
Jamal Kakakhel was a Pakistani regional politician , social worker and the chief of their tribe `` Kakakhel '' at village Dandoka .
Political life
In 1951 , the Governor of NWFP , Khurshid Ali Khan visited to them at their village and was impressed by their work as `` Judicial Assessor '' . They said :
Further reading
The Hund , annual magazine of Government Post Graduate College Swabi .
The Daily Swabi Times , 21 June 2008 . Veteran Personality , Hazrat Jamal Kakakhel expires .
References
Pakistani politicians
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Swabi District
Pakistani Muslims
Pashtun people
Deaths from kidney failure
In compressible fluid dynamics , impact pressure ( dynamic pressure ) is the difference between total pressure ( also known as pitot pressure or stagnation pressure ) and static pressure . In aerodynamics notation , this quantity is denoted as or .
When input to an airspeed indicator , impact pressure is used to provide a calibrated airspeed reading . An air data computer with inputs of pitot and static pressures is able to provide a Mach number and , if static temperature is known , true airspeed .
Some authors in the field of compressible flows use the term dynamic pressure or compressible dynamic pressure instead of impact pressure .
Isentropic flow
In isentropic flow the ratio of total pressure to static pressure is given by :
where :
is total pressure
is static pressure
is the ratio of specific heats
is the freestream Mach number
Taking to be 1.4 , and since
Expressing the incompressible dynamic pressure as and expanding by the binomial series gives :
where :
is dynamic pressure
See also
Dynamic pressure
Pitot-static system
Pressure
Static pressure
References
Fluid dynamics
Incan agriculture was the culmination of thousands of years of farming and herding in the high-elevation Andes mountains of South America , the coastal deserts , and the rainforests of the Amazon basin . These three radically different environments were all part of the Inca Empire ( 1438-1533 CE ) and required different technologies for agriculture . Inca agriculture was also characterized by the variety of crops grown , the lack of a market system and money , and the unique mechanisms by which the Incas organized their society . Andean civilization was `` pristine '' —one of five civilizations worldwide which were indigenous and not derivative from other civilizations . Most Andean crops and domestic animals were likewise pristine—not known to other civilizations . Potatoes , tomatoes , chile peppers , and quinoa were among the many unique crops ; Camelids ( llamas and alpacas ) and guinea pigs were the unique domesticated animals .
The Incan civilization was predominantly agricultural . The Incas had to overcome the adversities of the Andean terrain and weather . Their adaptation of agricultural technologies that had been developed by previous cultures allowed the Incas to organize production of a diverse range of crops from the arid coast , the high , cold mountains , and the hot , humid jungle regions , which they were then able to redistribute to villages that did not have access to the other regions . These technological achievements in agriculture would not have been possible without the workforce that was at the disposal of the Inca emperor , called the Sapa Inca , as well as the road system and extensive storage systems ( qullqas ) that allowed them to harvest and store food and to distribute it throughout their empire .
Environment
The heartland of the Inca Empire was in the high plateaus and mountains of the Andes of Peru . This area is mostly above in elevation and is characterized by low or seasonal precipitation , low temperatures , and thin soils . Freezing temperatures may occur in every month of the year at these altitudes .
Westward from the Andes is the Pacific Ocean , its coast often called the driest desert in the world . Agriculture is only possible with irrigation waters from the many rivers originating in the Andes and crossing the desert to the ocean . Eastward from the Andes are the rugged foothills above the Amazon Basin , an area of abundant rainfall , exuberant vegetation , and tropical or sub-tropical temperatures .
Organization
In the Inca Empire , society was tightly organized . Land was divided in roughly equal shares for the emperor , the state religion , and the farmers themselves . Individual farmers were allocated land by the leader of the ayllu , the kinship group typical of both the Quechua and Aymara speakers of the Andes . The allocations of land to individual farmers depended upon kinship , social status , and number of family members . The farmers were expected to produce their own sustenance from the land they were allocated . Rather than being taxed on their production , farmers were required to work on the lands of the emperor and the state religion for designated periods . On the state lands , the Incas provided the inputs—seeds , fertilizer , and tools—to farmers . The farmers contributed their labor . Communities were essentially self-sufficient , growing a variety of crops , pasturing camelids , and weaving cloth .
Private property existed in the form of royal estates , especially in the Sacred Valley near the Inca capital of Cuzco . Emperors customarily confiscated large quantities of land for their own use and exploitation and the estate was inherited by descendants after the emperor 's death . The famous archaeological site of Machu Picchu was a royal estate . The royal estates made use of local labor , but also were staffed by a servant class called yanakunas who were ruled directly by Inca nobles and were outside the ayllu kinship system . In some areas , such as the valley of Cochabamba in Bolivia , state farms were dedicated to the production of maize , the prestige crop of the Incas but one which could not be grown at the higher elevations of the Andes .
In the oasis valleys on the desert coast , the population was more specialized , divided mostly into farmers and fishermen with trade relationships between the two .
Food security
In the Andes , high cool elevations , scarcity of flat land , and climatic uncertainty were major factors influencing farmers . The Incas , the local leaders of the ayllus , and the individual farmers decreased their risk of poor crop years with a variety of measures . The vertical archipelago was a characteristic of Andean and Incan agriculture . Different crops could only be grown in the climates associated with certain elevations and the people of the empire diversified their agricultural production by establishing colonies and reciprocity with populations living at different , usually lower , elevation than the Inca heartland . Also , land allocated to local authorities , the ayllus , was often not contiguous , but rather scattered at different elevations and climates to produce different products . The exchange of products among the scattered lands was carried out on a reciprocal basis rather than being commercially traded .
The Incas placed great emphasis on storing agricultural products , constructing thousands of storage silos ( qullqa or qollqas )
in every major center of their empire and along their extensive road system . Hillside placements were used to preserve food in storage by utilizing the natural cool air and wind to ventilate both room and floor areas . Drainage canals and gravel floors in qollqas helped to keep foodstuffs dry . Food could be stored for up to two years in these granaries before spoiling due to the ventilation and drainage . Dried meat ( jerky ) , freeze-dried potatoes ( chuño ) , maize , and quinoa were among the crops stored in large quantities for the provisioning of the Inca army and officialdom and as a hedge against poor crop years . Careful records were kept of the products and quantities stored on the knotted cords , called quipu , which the Incas used in lieu of a written language .
Individual farmers and communities had several techniques of reducing their risk . Farmers usually had many different , scattered plots of land on which they planted a variety of crops . If one or more crops failed , others might be productive . In many areas of the Andes , farmers , communities , and the Inca state constructed agricultural terraces ( andenes ) to increase the amount of arable land . Andenes also reduced the threat of freezes , increased exposure to sunlight , controlled erosion , and improved the absorption of water and aeration of the soil . The construction and use of andenes for crops enabled agriculture in the Andes to expand into climatically marginal areas . In some areas , raised beds ( Waru Waru ) were used for many of the same purposes as andenes and also to facilitate drainage .
On the desert coast extensive irrigation works were necessary for agriculture . The population on the coast was more specialized than the highland population with communities of farmers , fishermen , potters , weavers and others . Instead of self-sufficiency trade was extensive among the various producers . Unlike the highlands , the lowlanders utilized shells and gold as a form of money . However , in the coastal communities , the same emphasis on collective management and reciprocity prevailed as in the Andes . The sparsely populated eastern slopes of the Andes enjoyed abundant precipitation and warmer temperatures than the highlands , but also had agriculture challenges such as steep terrain . This region was important for its tropical crops , bird feathers , gold , and wood .
The Incas transported agricultural goods by llama caravan . For example , maize grown at the state farm of Cochabamba was transported first to the regional center of Paria . Some was stored there and some was transported on to Cuzco .
Crops
A staple crop grown from about 1,000 meters to 3,900 meters elevation was potatoes . Quinoa was grown from about 2,300 meters to 3,900 meters . Maize was the principal crop grown up to an elevation of 3200 meters commonly and 3,500 meters in favorable locations . Cotton was a major crop near the Pacific Ocean and grown up to elevations of about 1,500 meters . On the eastern slopes of the Andes , coca was grown up to the same elevation , and cassava was a major crop of the Amazon lowlands . Tubers such as oca , mashua and maca were also grown .
In addition to these staple crops the people of the Inca empire cultivated a great variety of fruits , vegetables , spices and medicinal plants . Some of these other foods grown consist of tomatoes , chili peppers , avocadoes and peanuts . Many fruit trees were also utilized in crop production . Banana passionfruit can be grown from 2,000 to 3,200 meters , mountain papaya from 500 to 2,700 meters , naranjilla ( or lulo ) from 500 to 2,300 meters , and Cape gooseberry from 500 to 2,800 meters .
Animal husbandry
The Incan agriculture system not only included a vast acreage of crops , but also numerous herds , some numbering in the tens of thousands , of animals , some taken by force from conquered enemies . These animals were llamas and alpacas , the dung of which was used to fertilize the crop fields . Llamas and alpacas were usually pastured high up in the Andes above cultivatable land , at 4,000 meters ( 13,000 ft ) elevation and even higher . Llamas and alpacas were very important providing “ wool , meat , leather , moveable wealth , ” and “ transportation. ” The Inca also bred and domesticated ducks and guinea pigs as a source of meat . This mixture of Animal husbandry , especially that of llamas and alpacas , was important to the economy of the Incas .
Farming tools
Inca farmers did not have domesticated animals suitable for agricultural work so they relied on manual tools . These were well adapted to the mountainous terrain of the Andes and to the limited-area of terraces or andenes on which they often built and farmed . Main manual tools used include :
Chaki taklla , a human-powered foot plough that consists of a wooden pole with a curved sharp point , often made of stone or metal . Across the end of this pole ran another wooden crossbar , on which the farmer could put their foot to sink it into the earth and produce a furrow . This tool is still used in the Andes for plowing , sowing , and building .
Rawk'ana , a hoe with a thin sheet of wood of chachakuma , no higher than 40 cm . It was used to harvest tubers , to remove weeds and to sow small seeds .
Waqtana , a Quechua term for a `` clod buster ''
The chaki taklla , rawk'ana , and waqtana were used by Andean farmers for thousands of years .
Other technologies used to produce foodstuffs include many tools made with sharpened cobble stones , stone or clay . A mortar and pestle was used to grind up grains to be further used in cooking . Stone and clay stoves were used to cook foods over fires from either wood or llama dung . Generally made from cobble stones , farming tools like the hoe , clod breaker and foot plough were used to break up the soil and make it easier to aerate and plant crop seeds .
Farming was celebrated with rituals and songs . Teams of seven or eight men , accompanied by the same number of women , would work in line to prepare fields . The men used foot plows , chaki taklla , to break the soil . The women followed , breaking the clods and planting seeds . This work was accompanied by singing and chanting , striking the earth in unison . By one account Spanish priests found the songs so pleasant that they were incorporated into church services .
Land use
Inca farmers learned how to best use the land to maximize agriculture production . This expressed itself in the form of stone terraces to keep the important Andean soil from eroding down the mountain side . These terraces also helped to insulate the roots of plants during cold nights and hold in the moisture of the soil , keeping plants growing and producing longer in the high altitudes . Tipón was a location in the Inca Empire that was an estate for Incan nobles . It had terrace walls that were anywhere from 6 to 15 feet tall . The Inca often irrigated these terraces by using water melting from nearby glaciers . The Inca transported this freshly melted water to crop fields by building irrigation canals to move the water and cisterns to store the water . Another method that the Inca used to gain more farm land was to drain wetlands in order to get to the rich fertile top soil underneath the shallow water . The Inca also understood the value of crop rotation and planted different crops in the same fields annually replenishing the soil and producing better harvests .
See also
Economy of the Inca Empire
Inca cuisine
Inca Empire
History of Peru
Agriculture
Vertical archipelago
Moray ( Inca ruin )
References
Sources
McNeill , W. H. ( 1999 ) . `` How the Potato Changed the World 's History '' . Social Research , 66 ( 1 ) , 67–83 .
Kelly , K. ( 1965 ) . `` Land-Use Regions in the Central and Northern Portions of the Inca Empire '' . Annals Of The Association Of American Geographers , 55 ( 2 ) , 327–338 .
Maxwell Jr. , T. J . ( n.d ) . Agricultural Ceremonies OF THE Central Andes During Four A Hundred Years of Spanish Contact . Duke University Press .
Bibliography
Rostworowski , María : Enciclopedia Temática : Incas . .
Editorial Sol 90 : Historia Universal : América precolombina .
Muxica Editores : Culturas Prehispánicas .
Rivero Luque : The use of the chakitaqlla in the Andes , 1987 .
External links
http : //www.smithsonianmag.com/history-archaeology/Farming-Like-the-Incas.html
Inca
Agriculture in Peru
History of agriculture
Prehistoric agriculture
Inca
Martin Kližan and Alessandro Motti were the defending champions but Kližan decided not to participate .
Motti played alongside Laurynas Grigelis .
Dustin Brown and Jonathan Marray won the final 6–4 , 7–6 ( 7–0 ) against Andrei Dăescu and Florin Mergea .
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Rai Open - Doubles
2012 Doubles
Taylor Bills ( born Stephen Taylor Bills , 2 January 1985 ) is an American ex-baseball player and reality star . They played for the Arizona League Mariners and is also known for winning ABC 's reality show True Beauty .
Early life
Bills grew up Mormon in Irvine , California . They are the eldest of six children .
Baseball career
Bills was mainly a pitcher for the Arizona League , Mariners . They played during 2007 at age 22 . They were released after being promoted to Triple A .
True Beauty
Bills competed on ABC 's reality show True Beauty created by Tyra Banks , a show that secretly tests how truly beautiful a group of 10 people are inside . Bills was criticized for their temper but was praised for their kindness to others , and excelling in the challenge . They passed all hidden beauty tests but two . They won two challenges and was in the bottom two once . Bills ultimately made it to the final three with Erika Othen , and Craig Franczyk . The judges felt that Bills was truly beautiful and would go out of their way to help others and still managed to excel in the challenges choosing them as the season 2 winner of True Beauty . They won $ 100,000 . Their picture and a small article were in People Magazine 's 100 Most Beautiful People Edition . True Beauty ( season 2 )
References
1985 births
Living people
The Bay Area Circus Arts Festival ( formerly the Berkeley Juggling and Unicycling Festival ) was an annual 3-day event in the San Francisco Bay Area of California , held by the Berkeley Juggling Collective . It featured workshops , casual instruction , and mini-competitions in various types of circus arts , including unicycling , hat-tossing , whip cracking , tumbling and multiple styles of juggling ( contact , pin , diabolo , endurance , etc. ) . The event was free for everyone and many people learned to juggle or unicycle at the festival .
A highlight of the multi-day festival was its vaudeville-style variety show , featuring local , national and international artists performing in live stage performances . Past performances included acrobatics , hoop dancing , aerial/silk dance , puppeteering , as well as the arts featured in the festival .
Past festival dates :
2014-10-03-2014-10-05 , festival webpage 2014
2013-10-04-2013-10-06 , festival webpage 2013
2012-08-17–2012-08-19 , festival webpage 2012
2010-07-09–2010-07-11 , festival webpage 2010
2009-09-18–2009-09-20 , festival webpage 2009
2008-10-10–2008-10-12 , festival webpage 2008
2007-10-05–2007-10-07 , festival webpage 2007
2006-09-29–2006-10-01 , festival webpage 2006
2005-10-07–2005-10-09 , festival webpage 2005
References
External links
Official website
Video highlights of 2007 Festival , on YouTube
Festivals in the San Francisco Bay Area
Juggling conventions
Unicycling
Culture of Berkeley , California
Circus festivals
Autogenous vaccines , also called autologous vaccines , autovaccines , “ self ” or custom vaccines , are vaccines that are prepared by isolation and destruction of microorganisms in infected individuals and used to provide immunity to the same individual .
Autogenous vaccines were introduced in the early twentieth century with growing evidence of its efficacy against certain infections . These vaccines rely on the activation of the individual 's immune system to produce immunity against the infectious pathogen . They are usually produced when an individual or small group is presented with a disease and can be applied to various bacterial and viral infections . Autogenous vaccines are quite similar to conventional vaccines in terms of their use , however , they are dissimilar and arguably preferred over conventional vaccines in certain areas . Currently , several autogenous vaccines are available for veterinary use in several countries . Human use of this type of vaccine is limited and has not been widely approved due to lack of scientific evidence and research .
History
Autogenous vaccines have been researched since as early as the 1900s . This type of vaccine was first introduced by Sir Almroth Edward Wright in 1903 and in the following years , several case reports were published regarding the preparation and indications of autogenous vaccines .
Autogenous vaccines were used in adults , children , and infants to treat various chronic infections , including skin infections , respiratory tract infections , colon infections and urinary tract infections . Autogenous vaccines were also used in cases of bronchial asthma , sepsis , gonorrhea , candidiasis , and osteomyelitis among others .
The efficacy of autogenous vaccines for human use has shown varying results . Patient responses range from no relapses for years to no effects at all , to being presented with local and systemic adverse reactions , especially with high doses . The concern of potential adverse effects led to the introduction of intracutaneous skin tests by I. Chandler Walker in 1917 . Investigators later concluded that autogenous vaccines provide hyposensitisation in patients with chronic and recurrent infections who may induce allergic reactions .
Autogenous vaccines soon became less popular as a therapeutic agent against bacterial infection due to the discovery of antibiotics . However , antibiotics proved to be less than satisfactory in their efficacy for prolonged consumption and caused unwanted complications , eventually leading to the resumption of autogenous vaccines .
Autogenous vaccines are now less used in humans than in animals . Human use is mostly restricted to eastern Europe to treat chronic and recurrent diseases , for example chronic staphylococcal infections . For animals , conventional mass-produced vaccines are less effective as they rarely take strain variations into account due to high costs of research and development . Autogenous vaccines provide an alternative way to induce immunity in animals without paying expensive fees for unnecessary vaccine strains .
Mechanism of action
The mechanism of action of autogenous vaccine is not fully understood , however , it is suggested that it involves activation of the innate immune system to produce a nonspecific immune response and activation of the adaptive immune system to produce a specific immune response . Following the injection , the innate immune system is activated and sends large amounts of phagocytes to the injection site which kills the microorganisms . Phagocytes will then present the antigens to T helper cells to activate the adaptive immune system . T helper cells activate macrophages and neutrophils to aid in killing the pathogenic microorganisms . T helper cells also aid plasma cells to produce antibodies , thus allowing the immune system to “ remember ” the vaccine agents . As the surface antigens in the vaccine are the same as those of the disease , the immune system can recognise the pathogenic agents and produce an immune response to kill them when the pathogen is encountered .
Preparation
Autogenous vaccine production usually occurs when there is such a demand .
In human beings , samples of pathogens are isolated from a site of infection in the sick individual , for instance pus or abscess , sputum , urine and vaginal discharge . The identified pathogenic agents will then be cultured and inactivated , either by chemicals or by heat . The inactivation process involves the destruction of the antigen activity while preserving the protein composition of it , as the state of the protein can affect the effectiveness of immune response in the patient . Tests will then be conducted to ensure the sterility , safety and quality . The whole manufacturing process can take up to 3 to 4 weeks depending on the manufacturer .
In animals , the preparation is similar . An example of this is when an infectious disorder is discovered in a farm herd . This discovery prompts the veterinarian to take samples from infected animals . These samples will then be delivered to a laboratory for culture and isolation of the pathogenic agents . Once the pathogenic agents are identified , they can be used to manufacture vaccines . This is followed by a series of steps to formulate the desired product and ensure its quality and safety . The formulated vaccine is then delivered back to the veterinarian where the vaccine will be administered to the herd .
Applications
In humans
Before the formulated vaccine is administered to the patient , the patient receives an intradermal skin test to ensure the patient does not have any hypersensitivity reactions to the vaccine . Once the test is conducted and proven negative , treatment can begin .
The autogenous vaccine is applied subcutaneously in intervals over weeks or months . The application process usually involves a gradual increase in doses and intervals . Another administration method is by oral therapy , especially in bronchial asthma . In light of possible adverse effects , the patient should be observed for an hour after the administration .
In animals
Autogenous vaccines are used to treat various animal infections , including but not limited to dermatitis , sinusitis , otitis externa , pharyngitis , laryngitis and mastitis that may be induced by Gram-positive or Gram-negative bacteria , dermatophytes and yeasts .
Generally , indications of autogenous vaccines include resistance of pathogenic microorganisms to antibiotic treatment , ineffective therapy or immune response and lack of commercial vaccines .
Autogenous vaccines can be made for single individuals ( dogs , cats , rabbits or horses ) when treatments fail to provide desired results or large groups ( fish , cows , pigs , goats , horses or poultry ) when spread of a disease needs to be controlled .
For dogs , autogenous vaccines are typically prepared for dogs with pyoderma and inflammation of the middle and outer ear , especially when previous treatment of antibiotics failed to show desirable results . Autogenous vaccines are also useful for rabbits suffering from subcutaneous abscesses , cats with purulent lesions and horses with inflammation of the noses and sinuses , which are all caused by staphylococci infections . For pigs , autogenous vaccines can be used for skin infections ; while for cows , they can be used for mastitis .
Before the formulated vaccine is administered to the animal , an immunostimulant containing bacteria will be given once subcutaneously several days early . The immunostimulation will activate macrophages such that bacteria from the autogenous vaccine can be more effectively destroyed .
The vaccine itself can be administered differently depending on the species . The route of administration for most animals is subcutaneous injection , while injections are administered intramuscularly to pigs and in the wing membrane to birds . The dose can also vary depending on the animal and disease . The usual method is either three doses of the same volume but increasing density , three doses of the same density with the last two as booster doses , or one dose only . Sometimes treatment is combined with antibiotics to generate a more effective result .
Comparison with conventional vaccines
Advantages and disadvantages
Advantages
There are several advantages of autogenous vaccines :
One of the major advantages is its effect in prevention of disease . This is the function of every vaccine , to limit the disease occurrence and spread , and to treat diseases associated with antibiotic-resistant bacteria . Autogenous vaccines can also reduce the costs of production . The costs of research and development for a conventional vaccine is high compared to the cost needed to produce autogenous vaccines . In some cases , conventional vaccines fail to provide total immunity to a disease and thus is not economically profitable . Autogenous vaccines can address this problem effectively .
Also , this type of vaccine limits the number of vaccine interventions by combining several valencies such that the number of injections required is low .
Another advantage is to ensure food safety . Autogenous vaccines allow cattle and poultry to be healthy and suitable for human consumption , by inducing immunity in animals , reducing the excretion of microbial toxins that can cause infections and limiting the use of excessive therapeutic agents . Autogenous vaccines are also a good and quick alternative when there are no vaccines for a novel emerging disease or a relatively uncommon disease or a relatively uncommon species . This type of vaccine can also be used when there is antigenic variability within the same bacterial species such that conventional vaccines can not provide specific immunity .
Disadvantages
However , there are downsides to autogenous vaccines . One of the major disadvantages is the pathogenic antigen can not always be identified correctly and accurately due to limitations in knowledge and technology . Another disadvantage is adjuvants used in vaccines to ensure its safety is limited in autogenous vaccines as they require extensive testing . Also , the cost of producing autogenous vaccines tailor-made for each individual or group can be greater than that of conventional vaccines in the long run .
Adverse effects
Autogenous vaccines are generally considered safe . However , adverse effects may occur at the site of injection , such as mild redness and swelling , as well as rare systemic reactions such as fever , sore throat , headache and malaise .
Regulation
Autogenous vaccines are regulated in areas such as the United States , Europe and the United Kingdom . Use of autogenous vaccines in the United States are regulated under the 1995 Virus-Serum-Toxin Act . Europe mainly focuses on veterinary use regulations while the Veterinary Medicines Directorate is the authority responsible for overseeing the use and quality of veterinary medical products , including autogenous vaccines .
See also
Vaccine
Therapeutic vaccines
Immune system
Immunotherapy
References
Vaccines
Virology
Palić zoo is a zoo and gardens founded in 1949 and located in Palić , North Serbia , a part of the City of Subotica , from the E75 Budapest – Belgrade highway .
History
It was believed that the lake water and mud at Palić Lake had healing powers , and from the mid-1880s to the beginning of World War I , Palić was a popular spa destination . After World War II , the zoo was conceived as part of an effort to bring tourism back to the area . The zoo was opened in 1949 .
Animals
The zoo is home to about 150 species of animals , including monkeys , deer , antelope , zebras , giraffes , lions , elephants , camels , tigers , wolves , polar bears , emu , ostriches , and other birds , as well as snakes , reptiles , and tarantulas . The zoo is also home to some domesticated animals including donkeys , goats , and horses .
Landscaping
The Zoo includes ponds and fountains , as well as more than 270 species of trees and shrubs , including Lebanon cedars , sequoias , and larch , as well as many domestic species . The northern part of the zoo is covered with evergreen trees and the southern part is predominantly deciduous . The zoo includes a children 's playground and a petting zoo .
Gallery
Notes
External links
Zoos in Serbia
Zoos established in 1949
1949 establishments in Serbia
Buildings and structures in Vojvodina
Robert Alexander Smith is the current kit manager at club Middlesbrough . They were previously a football player for several years with the same club and a player manager of Welsh club Bangor City .
An apprentice fitter before they became a footballer , Smith was on the books at Middlesbrough for four years before they made their first team debut . Their debut came as a substitute in a 4–2 win over Bristol City in March 1966 . They were in and out of the side for much of their career . They were transfer listed in May 1967 but stuck around , turning down a move to Blackburn Rovers in September 1971 .
Smith eventually left Teesside in June 1972 , becoming player-manager of Welsh side Bangor City . They returned to league football with Darlington in 1974 .
They later fixed their sights on Non-League football , where their posts included a stint as player-coach with the Guisborough Town side that reached the FA Vase final , as well as being assistant to former Middlesbrough defender Peter Creamer at Evenwood Town in 1991 . They later ran a sports shop , before returning to Middlesbrough during the 1996–97 season as their kit manager .
References
1944 births
Bangor City F.C . players
Darlington F.C . players
Living people
Middlesbrough F.C . non-playing staff
Middlesbrough F.C . players
People from Billingham
Guisborough Town F.C . players
English footballers
English Football League players
Bangor City F.C . managers
English football managers
Footballers from Yorkshire
Association football defenders
The 1998 AFC Youth Championship was held from October 17 to October 31 , 1998 , in Chiang Mai , Thailand . The tournament was won for the ninth time by South Korea in the final against Japan .
Participants
Thailand ( qualified as hosts )
China
India
Iraq
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
South Korea
The teams that reached the semi-finals qualified for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Nigeria .
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Semifinal
Third Place Match
Final
Winners
Qualification to World Youth Championship
The following teams qualified for the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship .
External links
Youth
1998
1998
1998 in Thai football
1998 in youth association football
Zakletva ( English : Oath ) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja and was recorded with Srki Boy , who also produced it . It was released in 2003 .
Track listing
Zakletva ( Oath )
Živeo ( Long Live )
Da zavolim ludo ... ( To Fall Madly in Love ... )
Moj život je moje blago ( My Life is My Treasure )
O ne , ne , ne ( Oh , No , No , No )
Samo idi ( Just Leave )
Sava tiho teče ( The Sava Quietly Flows )
Nije lako biti mlad ( It 's Not Easy Being Young )
References
2003 albums
Stoja albums
Grand Production albums
Sir William Leonard Dale , KCMG ( 17 June 1906 – 8 February 2000 ) was a British lawyer and civil servant . They were a legal adviser to the Commonwealth Relations Office ( later renamed to the Commonwealth Office ) from 1961 to 1966 .
The Sir William Dale Centre for Legislative Studies at the Institute of Advanced Legal Studies is named in their honour .
References
1906 births
2000 deaths
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
English solicitors
Members of Gray 's Inn
Civil servants in the Commonwealth Relations Office
PLOS Biology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of biology . Publication began on October 13 , 2003 . It is the first journal published by the Public Library of Science . The editor-in-chief is Nonia Pariente .
In addition to research articles , the journal publishes magazine content aimed to be accessible to a broad audience . Article types in this section are essays , `` unsolved mysteries '' , editorials , and synopses .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in :
Biological Abstracts
BIOSIS Previews
Current Contents/Agriculture , Biology & Environmental Sciences
Current Contents/Life Sciences
Chemical Abstracts Service
Embase
Index Medicus/MEDLINE/PubMed
Science Citation Index
Scopus
The Zoological Record
According to Journal Citation Reports , the journal had a 2019 impact factor of 7.076 . The journal does not list this impact factor on its website . Instead , the journal promotes the use of article level metrics to provide a measure of the impact of their published articles .
References
External links
Biology journals
Creative Commons Attribution-licensed journals
Publications established in 2003
PLOS academic journals
Monthly journals
Gennady Vasilyevich Kulik ( , born 1935 ) is a Soviet and Russian politician . They held the post of the first deputy premier of the Russian SFSR in the last years of the Soviet Union , and also was a deputy of the 1st–7th State Dumas of the Russian Federation .
Biography
Gennady Kulik was born on 20 January 1935 in modern Pskov Oblast , Russia to a peasant family . In 1957 they graduated from the Faculty of Economics of the A.A. Zhdanov Leningrad State University . To 1965 they worked at the Novosibirsk Scientific Research Institute of Agricultural Economics .
For the next 25 years Kulik worked in the government of Soviet Russia : 1971-1986 — head of the Economic Planning Department of the Ministry of Agriculture ; 1986-1988 — head of the Main Directorate for Planning and Socio-Economic Development of the Agroindustrial Complex of the RSFSR ; April 1988 - August 1989 — first deputy chairperson of the State Agro-Industrial Committee , then head of the same committee , ranked as Minister of the RSFSR .
Minister
From July 1990 to July 1991 they were the First Deputy Chairman of the Council of Ministers of Russia and Minister of Agriculture and Food in the Ivan Silayev 's First Cabinet . In April 1991 they signed an agreement with Nessim Gaon 's Noga SA on the supply of food in exchange for oil . Litigation under this agreement had not been resolved to 2008 . In July 1991 Kulik 's rank in the Ivan Silayev 's Second Cabinet was lowered to `` ordinary '' deputy premier , retaining the position of the Minister of Agriculture . In late 1991 Kulik was a member of Silayev-led Committee for Operative Management of National Economy , which acted as a provisional government of crumbling USSR .
Member of parliament
In 1993 Gennady Kulik was elected member of the 1st State Duma . They joined the faction of the Agrarian Party of Russia . On 21 September 1998 they were appointed Deputy Prime Minister in the Yevgeny Primakov 's Cabinet , supervising the agro-industrial complex .
In 1999 they were elected to the 3rd State Duma in the Kalmykia constituency . Kulik was a member of Fatherland – All Russia faction up to 2003 and deputy chairperson of the Committee on Budget and Taxes . In 2002–07 — Chairman of the Committee on Agrarian Issues . Kulik resigned as a member of parliament on 11 February 2020 . Their seat passed to Alexey Gordeyev .
Gennady Kulik had been accused of lobbying the interests of tobacco companies . In 2002 they supported the requests of the tobacco industry to allow the sale of unsold cigarettes produced before 2001 law `` On the restriction of tobacco smoking '' , which made warning message on the packs mandatory . In 2006 Kulik , together with MPs Ivan Savvidis and Airat Khairullin , initiated the consideration of draft `` Technical regulations for tobacco products '' , allowing to use chemical additives banned in other countries , and making graphic warning messages unnecessary .
Awards
Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland ''
3rd class ( 25 January 2010 ) — for merits in lawmaking and the development of Russian parliamentarism
4th class ( 20 April 2006 ) — for active participation in lawmaking and many years of conscientious work
Order of Honour ( 10 December 2001 ) — for high achievements in production activities , a great contribution to the strengthening of friendship and cooperation between the nations and many years of conscientious work
Order of Friendship ( 26 August 2016 ) — for active legislative activity and many years of conscientious work
two Orders of the Red Banner of Labour
Order of the Badge of Honour
Order of the White Lotus of Kalmykia ( 2005 )
Honored economist of the RSFSR ( 11 January 1985 )
Certificate of honor of the Government of Russia ( 1999 )
References
1935 births
Living people
Members of the Congress of People 's Deputies of the Soviet Union
Agriculture ministers of Russia
First convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Second convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Third convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Fourth convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Fifth convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Sixth convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Seventh convocation members of the State Duma ( Russian Federation )
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
Kåfjord Church ( ) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Gáivuotna–Kåfjord Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county , Norway . It is located in the village of Olderdalen . It is the church for the Kåfjord parish which is part of the Nord-Troms prosti ( deanery ) in the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland . The red , wooden church was built in a long church style in 1949 using plans drawn up by the architect Kirsten Sand . The church seats about 250 people .
History
The first chapel building in Kåfjord was built in 1722 in connection with the Sami mission led by Thomas von Westen . It was known as the Finnekapellet . The chapel was about long and it was used until around the year 1800 . After that time , residents would travel to the Lyngen Church , about down the fjord . It was n't until 1949 when Kåfjord its first official church building . Kåfjord Church was built on the initiative of the inhabitants of the village of Olderdalen who collected funds and reused materials to build it . The church was renovated in 1989-1990 .
See also
List of churches in Nord-Hålogaland
References
Churches in Troms
Gáivuotna–Kåfjord
Wooden churches in Norway
20th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1949
1722 establishments in Norway
Long churches in Norway
The Commander of Air Force Research Laboratory ( AFRL ) is responsible for managing the Air Force 's science and technology program as well as additional customer funded research and development . The commander is also responsible for a workforce of approximately 10,800 people in the laboratory 's component technology directorates , the Air Force Office of Scientific Research , and the 711th Human Performance Wing .
Below is a list of commanders of Air Force Research Laboratory and the terms in office .
List of commanders of the Air Force Research Laboratory
References
Air Force Research Laboratory Commanders
Air Force Research Laboratory people
A Nice Girl Like Me is a 1969 British comedy film directed by Desmond Davis . The plot revolves around a girl who lives with their shrewd aunts , goes on a trip , gets pregnant , and must lie to their aunts that the baby is not hers .
Cast
Barbara Ferris as Candida
Harry Andrews as Savage , Caretaker
Gladys Cooper as Aunt Mary
William Hinnant as Ed
James Villiers as Freddie
Joyce Carey as Aunt Celia
Christopher Guinee as Pierre
Fabia Drake as Miss Grimsby
Irene Prador as Mme . Dupont
Erik Chitty as Vicar
Totti Truman Taylor as Miss Charter
John Serret as Museum Attendant
John Clive as Supermarket Shopper
Ann Lancaster as Miss Garland
Shelagh Wilcocks as Labour Ward Sister
Susan Whitman as Labour Ward Nurse
Douglas Wilmer as Postnatal Clinic Doctor
Jane Kenealy as baby
Production
In May 1967 Stanley Baker said they were going to produce and star in the movie alongside Hayley Mills . Filming was to begin in August .
By May 1968 the film was going to star Barbara Ferris and be directed by Desmond Davis . Ferris had enjoyed a hit on Broadway in There 's a Girl in My Soup.Filming began July 1968 .
It was shot on location in Paris , Venice and London around Chiswick and Hammersmith riverside . The film was originally meant to star Stanley Baker .
In July 1968 it was going to star Michael J Pollard and Barbara Ferris .
Critical reception
The Spinning Image wrote , `` it was regarded at the time as a glossy exercise in marrying cinema advert visuals to a would-be daring plot about unmarried motherhood , some way away from the nineteen-sixties `` issue '' films and TV plays that offered audiences and commentators alike something to get their teeth into . Cathy Come Home or Up the Junction this was not . All that said , and those naysayers did have a point , funnily enough this has aged rather better than might have been expected since it conforms to the Swinging Sixties stereotype fairly comfortably ; though it remained a shade artificial as an experience as a nostalgia piece it came across very well , and much of that was down to the central relationship . ''
References
External links
1969 films
1969 comedy films
British comedy films
Films scored by Patrick Williams
Films directed by Desmond Davis
British pregnancy films
Films based on British novels
Films set in London
Films set in Paris
Films shot in London
Embassy Pictures films
1960s English-language films
1960s British films
Fred de Heij ( born February 21 , 1960 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch cartoonist . They are the winner of the 2014 Stripschapprijs .
References
Dutch cartoonists
Winners of the Stripschapsprijs
Living people
1960 births
People from Amsterdam
21st-century Dutch artists
The Zamboanga del Sur Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan ( provincial legislature ) of the Philippine province of Zamboanga del Sur .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting : the province is divided into two districts , each having five seats . A voter votes up to five names , with the top five candidates per district being elected . The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer , and only votes to break ties . The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide .
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Zamboanga del Sur .
Aside from the regular members , the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay ( ABC , from its old name `` Association of Barangay Captains '' ) , the Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK , youth councils ) and the Philippine Councilors League ( PCL ) .
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections :
Vice Governor : Roseller Ariosa ( UNA )
Past members
Vice Governors
1st District Board Members
2nd District Board Members
References
Politics of Zamboanga del Sur
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Secret Garden : An Inky Treasure Hunt and Colouring Book is a 2013 colouring book for adults by Johanna Basford . The book has 40 foreign versions and has sold over 8 million copies , becoming one of the best-selling books on Amazon .
Basford had been approached by Laurence King Publishing in 2011 after the publisher had seen Basford 's work online . While the publisher originally wanted a colouring book for children , Basford proposed one for adults . Basford was inspired by several of their clients joking with them that they would enjoy colouring in their work , which was frequently done in black and white . Initially the publisher was reluctant to release such an unorthodox book . However they eventually relented and the first run quickly sold out . The book 's success is frequently cited as starting the adult coloring book trend . The book is modelled after the Brodick Castle Gardens on the Isle of Arran where Basford played as a child .
By August 2015 , Secret Garden had sold 6.8 million copies worldwide and launched the colouring trend for adults . In February 2015 , Basford released a second book : Enchanted Forest : An Inky Quest & Colouring Book , and a third , Lost Ocean : An Inky Adventure and Colouring Book in October 2015 .
References
Further reading
2013 books
Coloring books
Nurse is a 1969 Indian Malayalam-language film , directed by Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and produced by P. Subramaniam . The film stars Jayabharathi , Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair , Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai and Bahadoor . The film had musical score by M. B. Sreenivasan .
Cast
Jayabharathi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Bahadoor
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Pankajavalli
Pushpalatha
Ramakrishna
S. P. Pillai
K. V. Shanthi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by MB Sreenivasan with lyrics by Sreekumaran Thampi .
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. B. Sreenivasan
The women 's 800 metres event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney , Australia , at International Athletic Centre on 21 , 22 and 23 August .
Medalists
Results
Final
23 August
Semifinals
22 August
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Heats
21 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 29 athletes from 22 countries participated in the event .
References
800 metres
800 metres at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Motaher Hossain Chowdhury ( ; 1903 – 1956 ) was a Bengali writer , thinker and educationist . They were born in Noakhali of Bengal Presidency , British India in 1903 . They died in Chittagong , East Pakistan , Pakistan in 1956 .
Writing career
Chowdhury was a full-time writer and literature lover . Their literary works were included in the curriculum of school level , secondary , higher secondary and graduation level Bengali Literature in Bangladesh .
Special work
Sanskriti Katha
In `` Sanskriti Katha '' , they wrote , `` Religion is the culture of common folks and culture is the religion of educated , elegant people . ''
References
Golpo Songroho ( Collected Stories ) , the national textbook of B.A . ( pass and subsidiary ) course of Bangladesh , published by University of Dhaka in 1979 ( reprint in 1986 ) .
Bangla Sahitya ( Bengali Literature ) , the national textbook of intermediate ( college ) level of Bangladesh published in 1996 by all educational boards .
Motaher Hussain Chowdhury
Motaher Hussain Chowdhury
1903 births
1956 deaths
Chittagong College faculty
Hixon is an unincorporated community at the northern edge of the Cariboo region of the Central Interior region of British Columbia , Canada . It is part of Electoral Area E in the Regional District of Fraser-Fort George . It is located on the east ( left ) bank of the Fraser River , and is about midway along BC Highway 97 between the cities of Prince George ( N ) and Quesnel ( S ) . It was named for Hixon Creek , which in turn is named for a 19th-century prospector in the area , by the name of Joseph Foster Hixon , who found gold here on the banks of the Fraser River back around 1866 .
Climate
References
Unincorporated settlements in British Columbia
Populated places on the Fraser River
Geography of the Cariboo
Designated places in British Columbia
The black-girdled barbet ( Capito dayi ) is a species of bird in the family Capitonidae , the New World barbets . It is found in Brazil and Bolivia .
Taxonomy and systematics
Since its description in 1916 , the black-girdled barbet has almost always been recognized as a species . However , it was briefly considered to be a subspecies of black-spotted barbet ( Capito niger ) . DNA data have shown it instead to be sister to five-colored barbet ( C. quinticolor ) .
The black-girdled barbet is monotypic . Its specific epithet dayi honors Lee Garnet Day , one of the leaders of the expedition that discovered the bird .
Description
The black-girdled barbet is approximately long and weighs . The adult male 's entire crown and nape are scarlet , the sides of the head black , and the chin and throat various shades of brown . Its back is black . Its underparts are white or off-white on the upper breast merging to pale greenish yellow on the belly . Its flanks are black , which extends nearly across the lower breast forming the `` girdle '' . The adult female differs in that its crown and nape are black . The immature is similar to the adult but duller overall .
Distribution and habitat
The black-girdled barbet is found in southern Amazonia . In Brazil it occurs in southeastern Amazonas , most of southern Pará , the northwestern half of Mato Grosso , and eastern Rondônia . Its range extends slightly into Santa Cruz Department of northeastern Bolivia . It inhabits the canopy of evergreen terra firme and várzea forests and also adjacent mature secondary forest .
Behavior
Feeding
Little is known about the black-girdled barbet 's diet other than that it includes both fruit and arthropods . Its foraging behavior has not been described .
Breeding
Specimens of the black-girdled barbet indicate that it primarily breeds between August and November , though February and June are also implicated . It is assumed to nest in a tree cavity like other New World barbets , but its nest and eggs have not been described .
Vocalization
The black-girdled barbet 's song is `` a steadily accelerating series of hollow boo notes '' . It has at least two calls , a series of notes `` rok rok ock ock '' and `` a peculiar grating rattle '' .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the black-girdled barbet as Vulnerable since 2012 ; previously it had been classed as being of The Least Concern . The combination of the species ' dependence on mature forest and the continued deforestation in Amazonia led to the reassessment .
References
black-girdled barbet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
black-girdled barbet
black-girdled barbet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cryptarius is a genus of catfishes ( order Siluriformes ) of the family Ariidae . It includes two species , C. daugeti and C. truncatus . Cryptarius species originate from brackish waters of south and southeast Asia .
C. daugeti originates from the Mekong River basin and inhabits large rivers . It is found in brackish and fresh waters of Cambodia and Vietnam . This species has a maximum length of 26 centimetres ( 10 in ) TL .
C. truncatus originates from estuaries and lower courses of rivers from the Chao Phraya to Sumatra and Java , including the lower Mekong . It inhabits brackish waters of Thailand , Cambodia , Indonesia , and Malaysia . This species has a maximum length of 42 cm ( 17 in ) in length . This fish species feeds on fishes and crustaceans . C. truncatus is marketed fresh .
Species
Cryptarius daugeti ( Chevey , 1932 )
Cryptarius truncatus ( Valenciennes , 1840 ) ( Spoonsnouted catfish )
References
Ariidae
Fish of South Asia
Fish of Southeast Asia
Fish of the Mekong Basin
Fish of Cambodia
Fish of Indonesia
Fish of Malaysia
Fish of Thailand
Fish of Vietnam
Catfish genera
Taxa named by Patricia J. Kailola
Peigal Jaakkirathai ( ) is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language horror comedy film , written and directed by Kanmani . This is a Tamil remake of Korean movie 'Hello Ghost ' . The film stars Jeeva Rathnam and Eshanya , while Thambi Ramaiah , Rajendran and John Vijay in supporting roles . Featuring music composed by Maria Jerald , Peigal Jaakkirathai released on 1 January 2016 .
Cast
Jeeva Rathnam as Saravanan
Eshanya Maheshwari as Gayathri
Thambi Ramaiah as Pazhanivel Annachi
Manobala as Gayathri 's father
John Vijay as Sagayam
Rajendran as Gayathri 's uncle
Naresh as Saravanan 's father
V. I. S. Jayapalan as Saravanan 's grandfather
Pandi as Annachi 's worker
Halwa Vasu
Mohana Priya as Gayathri 's mother
Boys Rajan as Doctor
Tarun Kumar
Theni Murugan
Mippu
Mona Batra
Sandhya Jagarlamudi
Kalavani Devi
Gehana Vasisth as item number
Production
The film was predominantly shot around Chennai , Mahabalipuram and the surrounding areas during June 2015 .
In October 2015 , lyricist Kabilan Vairamuthu made a statement denying claims that lyrics of a particular song from the film that they had written had political connotations to it . For another song in the film 's soundtrack , Thambi Ramaiah and Rajendran recorded their voices and shot for a promotional video .
In December 2015 , Escape Artists Motion Pictures agreed to distribute the film , raising the profile and commercial viability of the project .
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by debutant Maria Jerald , and lyrics were done by Kabilan Vairamuthu and Viveka . The song `` Obama '' was well received by the audience . The background score was done by S. P. Venkatesh .
Release
The film opened on 1 January 2016 to mixed reviews , with a critic from Times of India noting `` much of the humour is silly and we do experience a twinge of embarrassment for having laughed at the uninspired jokes — but that happens only after the film is over '' . The critic also likened the film 's plot to Massu Engira Masilamani ( 2015 ) and Om Shanthi Om ( 2015 ) , stating that in `` less than a year , we have had three Tamil films which have been inspired from the Korean comedy , Hello Ghost ( 2010 ) '' .
References
External links
2016 films
2010s Tamil-language films
2016 comedy horror films
Indian comedy horror films
Pelevikha ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 61 as of 2002 .
Geography
Pelevikha is located 68 km northwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Seredskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Claire Atherton is a film editor . In 2019 , they received the Vision Award Ticinomoda on the occasion of the 72nd edition of the Locarno International Film Festival , becoming the first woman to receive the award .
Biography
They were born in 1963 in San Francisco , U.S . They grew up in New-York , then in Paris . They now works and lives in France . They are the sister of Sonia Wieder-Atherton .
Attracted very young by Taoist philosophy and Chinese ideograms , they spent a few months in China in 1980 , at the Institute of Foreign Language in Beijing . Then they enrolled at the National Institute for Oriental Languages and Civilizations in Paris .
Atherton had their first work experience in 1982 , in Centre Audiovisuel Simone de Beauvoir in Paris where they worked as video technician . In 1984 , they enrolled in the professional branch of the École Nationale Supérieure Louis-Lumière in Paris from which they graduated in 1986 . They then started to work on sound and image for some of the productions of Centre Simone de Beauvoir and various other projects . From the 1990s onwards , Atherton started to mainly focus on film editing .
They met with Chantal Akerman in 1984 on the occasion of the theater adaptation of Letters Home : Correspondence 1950-1963 by Sylvia Plath which was played by Delphine Seyrig at the Petit théâtre de Paris . Seyrig asked Akerman and Atherton to film the performance
This episode marked the beginning of a 31-year collaboration between the filmmaker and the film editor , first behind the camera and then on film editing . Atherton worked with Akerman on their documentaries , fictions and installations , up until No Home Movie and NOW , an installation which was presented at the Venice Biennale in 2015 .
Nowadays Atherton is in charge of the conception and spatialization of Akerman 's installations , which are presented on the occasion of exhibitions in the entire world .
Atherton also works with many other filmmakers and artists . Among them are Luc Decaster , Emilio Pacull , Noëlle Pujol , Andreas Bolm , Emmanuelle Demoris , Elsa Quinette , Christine Seghezzi , Christophe Bisson , Olivier Dury and Éric Baudelaire and many others .
In 2013 , the Cinémathèque de Grenoble , France , organized an event dedicated to Atherton 's work as film editor . It 's the first retrospective dedicated to the body of work of an editor .
They are often invited to give master classes with young filmmakers during workshops in France and internationally . They also teach in cinema and art schools such as La Fémis and at the HEAD School in Geneva , Switzerland .
In 2019 , they received the Vision Award Ticinomoda on the occasion of the 72nd edition of the Locarno International Film Festival , becoming the first woman to receive the award which since 2013 `` both highlights and pays tribute to someone whose creative work behind the scenes , as well as in their own right , has contributed to opening up new perspectives in film '' .
Filmography
Editing
1986 : Letters Home by Chantal Akerman
1986 : Rue Mallet-Stevens by Chantal Akerman
1986 : Le Marteau [ The Hammer ] by Chantal Akerman
1989 : Marguerite Paradis by Chantal Akerman
1992 : Igor by Jean-François Gallotte
1992 : Le cinéma est mort vive le cinéma by Emilio Pacull
1993 : D'Est [ From the East ] by Chantal Akerman
1993 : Les Profiteroles , couples mixtes à Cuba by Emilio Pacull
1994 : Le Gamelan by Alain Jomy
1994 : Les Colonnes d'Hercule d'Emilio Pacull
1994 : Le Cinéma européen by Emilio Pacull
1996 : Un divan à New York [ A couch in New York ] by Chantal Akerman
1996 : Chantal Akerman par Chantal Akerman , in the collection `` Cinéma de notre temps ''
1996 : Les Collèges en Seine Saint-Denis by Emilio Pacull
1997 : Héros désarmés by Béatrice Kordon and Sylvie Ballyot
1997 : Le jour où… by Chantal Akerman
1997 : Ouganda , l'enfance kidnappée by Emilio Pacull
1997 : L'Épousée by Françoise Grandcolin
1998 : Emma , tribu kanak d'aujourd'hui by Emilio Pacull
1999 : Sud [ South ] by Chantal Akerman
1999 : Km 250 by Anne Faisandier
2000 : La Captive by Chantal Akerman
2001 : Rêve d'usine by Luc Decaster
2001 : Filles de nos mères by Séverine Mathieu
2002 : De l'autre côté [ From the Other Side ] by Chantal Akerman
2002 : Avec Sonia Wieder-Atherton by Chantal Akerman
2003 : Demain on déménage by Chantal Akerman
2004 : Opération Hollywood by Emilio Pacull
2004 : Autour d'hier , aujourd'hui et demain by Chantal Akerman
2005 : Là-bas by Chantal Akerman
2005 : Héros fragiles by Emilio Pacull
2006 : Portrait de Pascale , menuisière by Séverine Mathieu
2006 : Rien n ' a été fait by Noëlle Pujol and Ludovic Burel
2006 : Du sucre et des fleurs dans nos moteurs by Jean-Michel Rodrigo
2007 : Entretien avec Babette Mangolte , DVD set Chantal Akerman les années 70
2007 : Entretien avec Natalia Akerman , DVD set Chantal Akerman les années 70
2007 : Entretien avec Aurore Clément , DVD set Chantal Akerman les années 70
2007 : Mafrouza « Cœur » by Emmanuelle Demoris
2007 : Mafrouza « Oh la nuit » by Emmanuelle Demoris
2008 : Mr President by Emilio Pacull
2008 : L'Écume des mères by Séverine Mathieu
2008 : Tous les enfants sauf un by Noëlle Pujol and Andreas Bolm
2008 : Fantaisie pour un château d'eau by Noëlle Pujol
2008 : Décor vidéo de Chantal Akerman pour I am a mistake de Jan Fabre
2008 : A l'Est avec Sonia Wieder-Atherton by Chantal Akerman
2009 : Tombée de nuit sur Shanghai by Chantal Akerman
2009 : Petites Histoires de mères by Séverine Mathieu
2009 : Dieu nous a pas fait naître avec des papiers by Luc Decaster
2009 : Ceux de Primo Levi by Anne Barbé
2010 : Histoire racontée par Jean Dougnac by Noëlle Pujol
2010 : Sorcières mes sœurs by Camille Ducellier
2010 : Detroit ville sauvage by Florent Tillon
2010 : On est là by Luc Decaster
2011 : La vie est ailleurs by Elsa Quinette
2011 : La Folie Almayer [ Almayer 's Folly ] by Chantal Akerman
2011 : Les Revenants by Andreas Bolm
2011 : Avenue Rivadavia by Christine Seghezzi
2012 : Noctambules by Ilham Maad
2012 : Décor vidéo pour La Jungle des villes by Bertolt Brecht ( Roger Vontobel )
2012 : Hungry Man by Philippe Martin
2013 : Au monde by Christophe Bisson
2013 : Effacée by Anna Feillou
2013 : Si j'existe je ne suis pas un autre by Marie Violaine Brincard and Olivier Dury
2014 : Qui a tué Ali Ziri ? by Luc Decaster
2014 : Histoires de la plaine by Christine Seghezzi
2014 : De la mère au désert , installation by Chantal Akerman
2015 : No Home Movie by Chantal Akerman
2015 : Aux Capucins by Anna Feillou
2016 : Jumbo Toto histoires d'un éléphant by Noëlle Pujol
2016 : Le Juge by Andreas Bolm
2016 : Silêncio by Christophe Bisson
2016 : Danse avec l'écume by Luc Decaster
2017 : Also Known As Jihadi by Éric Baudelaire
2018 : Walked the Way Home by Éric Baudelaire
2018 : Les cavaliers fantômes by Christine Seghezzi
2018 : Altérations / Kô Murobushi by Basile Doganis
2019 : Un film dramatique by Éric Baudelaire
2020 : The Glove ( short film ) by Éric Baudelaire
2020 : Les lettres de Didier by Noëlle Pujol
2020 : Le chant des oubliés by Luc Decaster
2021 : When There Is No More Music to Write by Éric Baudelaire
2021 : Une Fleur à la Bouche by Éric Baudelaire
2022 : Intermède by Maria Kourkouta
Photography
1986 : Femmes et Musique , production of Centre audiovisuel Simone de Beauvoir ( first assistant camera ) .
1986 : Rue Mallet-Stevens by Chantal Akerman ( director of photography )
1986 : Le Marteau by Chantal Akerman ( director of photography )
1988 : Histoires d'Amérique by Chantal Akerman ( first assistant camera )
1988 : L'institut du monde Arabe ( first assistant camera )
1988 : Marguerite Paradis by Chantal Akerman ( director of photography )
1988 : Notes pour Debussy by Jean-Patrick Lebel ( first assistant camera )
1990 : Igor by Jean-François Gallotte ( director of photography )
Installations
1995 : Le 25e écran , an installation by Chantal Akerman
1998 : Autobiography , selfportrait in progress , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2001 : Woman Sitting After Killing , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2002 : From the Other Side , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2002 : A voice in the Desert , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2004 : Marcher à côté de ses lacets dans un frigidaire vide , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2007 : La Chambre , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2007 : Je tu il elle , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2007 : In the Mirror , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2008 : Femmes d'Anvers en Novembre , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2009 : Maniac Summer , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2015 : NOW , an installation by Chantal Akerman
2019 : Tu peux prendre ton temps , an installation by Éric Baudelaire
2020 : Death Passed My Way and Stuck This Flower in My Mouth , installation d'Éric Baudelaire
Exhibitions
2015 : Chantal Akerman : NOW , Ambika P3 , Londres , Oct. 30 - Nov. 6 , 2015 .
2016 : Group show ‘ Imagine Europe : In search of New Narratives ' , BOZAR , Brussels , April 13 - May 29 , 2016 ( Chantal Akerman : D'Est ) .
2016 : Chantal Akerman : Maniac Shadows , la Ferme du Buisson , Noisiel , Nov. 19 , 2016 - Feb.19 , 2017 .
2017 : Chantal Akerman : NOW et In The Mirror , Marian Goodman Gallery , Paris , Sept. 14 - Nov. 21 , 2017 .
2018 : Group show ‘ Scenes from the Collection , Constellations ' , Jewish Museum , New York , 21 janvier - 31 juillet 2018 ( Chantal Akerman : NOW , 2015 ) .
2018 : Group show ‘ Pedro Costa : Company ' , Contemporary art museum of Serralves , Porto , Oct. 19 , 2018 - Jan. 29 , 2019 ( Chantal Akerman : Femmes d'Anvers en Novembre , 2008 ) .
2018 : Chantal Akerman : ‘ Tempo Expandido / Expanded Time ' , Oi Futuro , Rio , Nov . 26 , 2018 - Jan. 27 , 2019 .
2018 : Solo show of Chantal Akerman , MOCA , Toronto , Feb. 14 - May 12 , 2019 .
2019 : Group show ‘ Defiant Muses : Delphine Seyrig and the Feminist Video Collectives in France ( 1970s-1980s ) ' , Museo Reina Sofía , Madrid , Sept. 25 - March 23 , 2019 ( Chantal Akerman : Woman Sitting After Killing , 2001 ) .
2020 : 'From the Other Side , Fragment ' , MUAC , Mexico , March 7 - April 19 , 2020 . Exhibition curated by Claire Atherton .
2020 : 'Chantal Akerman : Passages ' , Eye Museum , Amsterdam , June 1 - August 30 , 2020 .
2021 : 'Chantal Akerman : From The Other Side ' , Galerie Marian Goodman Paris , December 7th , 2021 - February 5th , 2022 . Artistic direction : Claire Atherton
2022 : 'Chantal Akerman : STANZE Sul custodire il perdere ' , Casa Masaccio , February 26 - May 8 , 2022 . Artistic direction : Claire Atherton
See also
Articles and Publications
2015 : Tribute to Chantal Akerman : translation by Felicity Caplin of the text written and read by Claire Atherton at the Cinémathèque Française in Paris , on Novembre 16 , 2015 , on the occasion of the screening of No Home Movie : 'Chantal Akerman : La Passion de L'Intime / An Intimate Passion ' , Senses of Cinema n° 77 , Dec. 2015 , also published in Camera Obscrura : Feminism , Culture and Media Studies , Duke University Press , 2019 .
2016 : Interview with Tina Poglajen , Film Comment .
2017 : ‘ Our Way of Working : A Conversation with Claire Atherton about Chantal Akerman ' , interview with Ivone Margulies , Camera Obscura n°100 , pp 13–28 .
2018 : 'Pouvons-nous être en relation avec ce qui est ? / Can we be in touch with what is ? ' , Qu'est-ce que le réel ? Des cinéastes prennent position/What is Real ? Filmmakers weigh in , dir . Andréa Picard , Post-édition / Cinéma du Réel , 2018 , pp . 13–16 .
2018 : ‘ A conversation with Claire Atherton ' , by Roger Crittenden , Fine Cuts : Interview on the Practice of European Film Editing , New-York : Routledge , 2018 .
2019 : 'Living Matter ' , Bomb n°148 .
2019 : ‘ On Chantal Akerman ' , News From Home : The Films of Chantal Akerman ( catalogue published on the occasion of Akeman 's retrospective organized as part of the Toronto International Film Festival ) .
2019 : ‘ About D'Est . Editing Chantal Akerman 's Film ' , Versopolis , nov. 4 , 2019 .
2019 : ‘ The Art of Living ' , interview with Yaniya Lee , canadianart , 1er mars 2019 ( web ) .
Talks and Masterclasses
2016 : `` Editing , A Composition '' , Jihlava International Film Festival , .
2016 : `` The Art of Editing '' : Tel Aviv International Student Films Festival .
2018 : Frankfurt University , Masterclass and presentation of D'est by Chantal Akerman .
2019 : A conversation with Claire Atherton moderated by Antoine Thirion and Nicholas Elliott during the 72nd edition of the International Film Festival of Locarno .
2020 : `` The Mechanism of the Organic `` , masterclass of Claire Atherton moderated by Antoine Thirion , during the 10th edition of FICUNAM , Mexico .
2020 : `` Spatializing cinema : a conversation between Claire Atherton and Dana Linssen '' , Eye Museum , Amsterdam .
2020 : 'Pensadores Contemporáneos en Síntesis ' , filmed interview with Bani Khoshnoudi for TV UNAM , March 2020 .
Bibliography
2019 : Laura Davis , `` Un film dramatique '' , Filmexplorer ( web ) .
2019 : Laura Davis , `` Listening to Images : A conversation with Editor Claire Atherton '' , Mubi notebook ( web ) .
2019 : Justine Smith , ‘ “ Not Knowing Where You 're Going ” : How Claire Atherton Edits Movies ' , Hypperallergic ( web ) .
2019 : Lorenzo Buccella , `` Life needs editing '' , News from the Locarno Festival ( web ) .
References
1963 births
Living people
American film editors
French film editors
People from San Francisco
American women film editors
French women film editors
21st-century American women
Amarjeet Kushwaha is an Indian activist , lawyer and politician . They were elected as member of Bihar legislative assembly in 2020 from 106th Ziradei constituency . They are a leader in the Communist Party of India ( Marxist–Leninist ) Liberation . They were the national president of the Revolutionary Youth Association in India . In 2020 they defeated their near rival Kamla Devi from Ziradei seat with a margin of more than 25000 votes .
Personal life and education
Amarjeet Kushwaha was brought up in the Siwan district of Bihar . They attended the M.M.M . PG College , Bhatparrani , Deoria and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree . Later they got a graduation for a second time with a Bachelor of Laws degree from Gorakhpur University . Kushwaha is married to Maya Devi .
Activism
During their course in Gorakhpur University , Kushwaha joined the Communist Party of India ( Marxist–Leninist ) Liberation . After completing their course in Uttar Pradesh , they returned to Siwan as a party activist . In Siwan , Kushwaha became an activist for farmers ' and dalits ' rights and stepped in to intervene to assure protection of the rights of Dalits when in 2013 upper caste landlords of the region attempted to attack them with the help from a Bhartiya Janata Party MLA . They were reported to have become a rival of Mohammad Shahabuddin due to their activism . They have been involved in agitations for poor farmers in getting possession of their land .
In 2007 , they became the state president of the Revolutionary Youth Association and then its national president in 2010 . They were elected to the state committee of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist–Leninist ) Liberation in 2012 . They were also nominated to contest the 2015 Bihar Legislative Assembly election from the Ziradei constituency . Following the nomination , they were arrested in the case of a land dispute and later released in 2016 . It was alleged that the arrest had been made on the behest of Mohammad Shahabuddin . During the 2019 Indian general election , Kushwaha worked for the campaign of Amarnath Yadav in the Siwan constituency .
References
Living people
1973 births
Activists from Bihar
Communist Party of India ( Marxist–Leninist ) Liberation politicians
Bihar MLAs 2020–2025
Lizzie Kelly ( born 24 April 1993 ) is a retired British jockey who participated in National Hunt racing .
Kelly predominantly rode horses for their horse trainer stepfather , Nick Williams as well as their mother , Jane Williams , and also for trainer Neil King .
Career
In early November 2015 they came second on Aubusson in the Grand Prix d'Automne at Auteuil . If they had won they would have been the first female jockey to win a Grade 1 race in France . On Boxing Day 2015 however they gained what was then their most notable success to date when Tea For Two won the Kauto Star Novices ' Chase , making them the first female jockey to win a Grade One race in Britain , the horse being trained by Nick Williams and owned by their mother Jane Williams . In February 2016 they won Europe 's richest handicap hurdle , the Betfair Hurdle , on Agrapart at Newbury , and the following year they became only the second woman to ride in the Cheltenham Gold Cup , again on Tea For Two , but they were unseated from their horse at the second fence . A few weeks later they won the Grade 1 Betfred Bowl on Tea For Two . The following year , they won the Ultima Handicap Chase at the Cheltenham Festival , riding Coo Star Sivola , trained by Nick Williams . They rode in the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Tea For Two for the second year in a row , where they finished seventh .
In July 2020 , Kelly announced their immediate retirement from race riding following the news they were expecting their first child .
Personal life
Kelly married their partner of more than 12-years in July 2019 .
Major wins
Betway Bowl - Tea For Two ( 2017 )
Kauto Star Novices ' Chase - Tea For Two ( 2015 )
References
1993 births
Living people
British female jockeys
Cameron Evans is a Welsh professional footballer who plays as a defender for Sligo Rovers . Their previous clubs are Swansea City and Waterford .
Club career
Swansea City
Evans is a product of the Swansea City academy and they signed their first professional contract in July 2019 for one year . Cameron Evans made their senior debut for Swansea City on 9 January 2021 in the starting line up for the 2–0 FA Cup third round win against Stevenage . They were released by Swansea City at the end of their contract on 30 June 2022 .
Waterford loan
On 21 February 2021 , it was announced that Evans had signed for League of Ireland Premier Division side Waterford on a season long loan , ahead of the 2021 season under new manager Kevin Sheedy . They made their debut for the club in the opening game of the season on 19 March 2021 , as their side lost 1–0 away to newly promoted side Drogheda United . On 27 August 2021 , Evans scored their first goal in senior football in the Second Round of the FAI Cup in a 4–1 win over non league side Kilnamanagh . Evans made a total of 35 appearances in all competitions for the club as they were relegated to the League of Ireland First Division .
Sligo Rovers
Evans signed for League of Ireland Premier Division club Sligo Rovers on 10 August 2022 .
International career
Evans is a Wales under-19 international .
Personal life
They are the younger brother of professional footballer Jack Evans .
Career statistics
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Welsh footballers
Swansea City A.F.C . players
Wales youth international footballers
League of Ireland players
Waterford F.C . players
Sligo Rovers F.C . players
Expatriate association footballers in the Republic of Ireland
Watchimals were a wearable toy , marketed mainly for girls , with a LCD watch inside . They were made by Hasbro in their heyday of the mid 1980s . Watchimals took the form of furry wristbands with different animal heads . When the animal head was flipped open , the digital watch appeared . The advertisement slogan was : `` Just open their mouth and he 'll show you the time !
They 're all soft animal friends with a real watch inside ! ''
Series
Beginning in 1985 , Watchimals were produced in two series .
First Series
The first series included six characters :
Elephant
Bear
Toucan
Peacock
Mouse
Butterfly
Second Series
In 1986 , six more characters were added :
Snail
Dragonfly
Dog
Goldfish
Unicorn
Moose
Overseas Editions
Another Watchimal , Ladybird was primarily marketed in the United Kingdom . Other international Watchimals had different color schemes than those in the United States .
Related Series : Wearimals
Wearimals were pairs of furry animals , also made by Hasbro , made in the same style as Watchimals . Wearimals were about the same size as Watchimals and could be mixed and matched . They included a clip for attaching onto hair , clothes , and schoolbags . There were six Wearimals :
Butterfly
Cat
Goldfish
Peacock
Pig
Snail
References
External links
Watchimal Collectors Website
Ghost of the Doll - Watchimals
1980s toys
Hasbro products
Electronic toys
Toy animals
Doğanlar , Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Torbjørn Grytten ( born 6 April 1995 ) is a Norwegian football striker who currently plays for 2. divisjon side Brattvåg .
Career
Grytten is from the village of Grytastranda , in the Ålesund municipality . They started their youth career with the Norborg sports club system . In 2010 , started their senior career with Brattvåg , playing in the 3. divisjon . They joined the Aalesunds FK club , competing in Norway 's top tier Tippeligaen , in the summer of 2011 , making their league debut as a substitute in September 2012 against Tromsø . They signed a professional contract in March 2014 .
In the summer of 2015 they went on a twelve-month loan back to Brattvåg . After the expiration of the loan period , the move was made permanent .
Grytten signed with Faroe Islands Premier League side KÍ Klaksvík for the 2019 season .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
KÍ Klaksvík
Faroese Premier League ( 1 ) : 2019
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Haram , Norway
Norwegian footballers
Aalesunds FK players
Brattvåg IL players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian Second Division players
KÍ Klaksvík players
Faroe Islands Premier League players
Association football forwards
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Faroe Islands
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in the Faroe Islands
Sportspeople from Møre og Romsdal
Pierre Olivier Sarközy de Nagy-Bocsa ( born May 26 , 1969 ) is a French banker based in the United States . Their half-brother is Nicolas Sarkozy , the former President of France .
Early life
Sarkozy was born to Pal Sarkozy de Nagy-Bocsa , a nobleman of Hungarian descent , and Christine de Ganay , who was themselves of French descent . Their father was previously married and had three children with their first wife , including Nicolas , whom Sarkozy met weekly during their early childhood . De Ganay divorced Pal Sarkozy , and then married an American diplomat , when Sarkozy was 7 . They spent the rest of their childhood and adolescence outside France , living in Zambia , Egypt , and a boarding school in the UK . Sarkozy later studied at the University of St Andrews , where they earned an M.A . in medieval history .
Career
In 1990 , Sarkozy was hired by American investment bank Dillon , Read & Co . They left three years later to join Credit Suisse First Boston , where they held several senior posts , including Managing Director in the Financial Institutions Group .
While at CSFB , Sarkozy advised Wachovia in its merger of equals with First Union and concurrent defense against a competing hostile proposal from Suntrust ; Dime Bancorp in its merger with Washington Mutual ; CoreStates Financial in its sale to First Union ; and Wells Fargo in its merger with Norwest Corporation and acquisition of First Interstate , among others .
In January 2003 , they joined UBS Investment Bank , where they were Global Co-Head of the Financial Institutions Group . At UBS , they worked on such transactions as Sallie Mae 's attempt to go private and subsequent recapitalization ; ABN Amro 's $ 21 billion sale of LaSalle Bank to Bank of America ; Mellon 's $ 17 billion merger of equals with the Bank of New York ; Charles Schwab 's sale of U.S. Trust to Bank of America ; MBNA 's $ 36 billion sale to Bank of America ; Wachovia 's $ 14 billion acquisition of Southtrust ; National Commerce 's $ 7 billion sale to Suntrust ; and Regions Financial 's $ 6 billion merger of equals with Union Planters .
Sarkozy was responsible for CIBC 's $ 2.9 billion recapitalization and Sallie Mae 's $ 3.0 billion recapitalization . They also acted as lead advisor in a number of other notable transactions , including Dime Bancorp 's private placement of preferred and other equity securities to Warburg Pincus ( as part of its successful defense against a hostile tender offer from North Fork ) and the recapitalization of Glendale Federal Bank , representing the then-largest recapitalization in history . On March 3 , 2008 , they were appointed Co-head and Managing Director of the Carlyle Group 's Global Financial Services Group . They resigned from that position in May 2016 . Based in New York City , Sarkozy is a member of the Board of Directors of BankUnited .
Personal life
In the 1990s , Sarkozy married Charlotte Bernard , a freelance fashion writer and author of children 's books , who grew up in Paris . They were married by their half-brother , Nicolas , who was then mayor of Neuilly-sur-Seine . They have two children named Margot and Julien . Sarkozy and Bernard were married for 14 years before separating in 2010 , with their divorce being finalized the following year .
In May 2012 , Sarkozy began a relationship with fashion designer and former child actor Mary-Kate Olsen . The two were married on November 27 , 2015 , at a private residence in New York City . On April 17 , 2020 , Olsen filed for divorce from Sarkozy . On May 13 , they filed an emergency order to proceed despite delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic , but it was denied a day later . On January 25 , 2021 , the divorce was finalized .
References
Living people
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Businesspeople from Paris
The Carlyle Group people
French emigrants to the United States
French people of Hungarian descent
Hungarian nobility
Place of birth missing ( living people )
UBS people
Olivier
1969 births
Asakawa Maki no Sekai ( English : The World of Maki Asakawa ) is the debut album by Japanese musician Maki Asakawa , released in September 1970 by Toshiba Records .
A number of the tracks were co-written with Shūji Terayama , though the album contains covers of the American folk standard `` ( Sometimes ) I Feel Like a Motherless Child '' and Salvatore Adamo 's `` Tombe la neige '' . They made their name with the album , and at the time of their 2010 death , `` Yo ga Aketara '' and `` Kamome '' ( the album 's first and seventh tracks ) were among their best-known songs .
Track listing
夜が明けたら ( `` Yo Ga Aketara '' ) – ( 3:45 )
ふしあわせという名の猫 ( `` Fushiawase to Iu Na no Neko '' ) – ( 2:57 )
淋しさには名前がない ( `` Sabishisa Niwa Namae Ga Nai '' ) – ( 4:51 )
ちっちゃな時から ( `` Chicchana Toki Kara '' ) – ( 3:00 )
前科者のクリスマス ( `` Zenkasha no Christmas '' ) – ( 3:33 )
赤い橋 ( `` Akai Hashi '' ) – ( 4:16 )
かもめ ( `` Kamome '' ) – ( 4:15 )
時には母のない子のように ( Live ) ( `` Sometimes I Feel Like A Motherless Child ( Live at Sasoriza / 1968 ) '' ) – ( 2:19 )
雪が降る ( Live ) ( `` Tombe la neige ( Live At Sasoriza / 1968 ) '' ) – ( 5:06 )
愛さないの愛せないの ( Live ) ( `` Aisanai No Aisenai No ( Live at Sasoriza / 1968 ) '' ) – ( 4:27 )
十三日の金曜日のブルース ( Live ) ( `` Jyuusannichi No Kinyoubi No Blues ( Live at Sasoriza / 1968 ) '' ) – ( 4:56 )
山河ありき ( Live ) ( `` Sanga Ariki ( Live at Sasoriza / 1968 ) '' ) - ( 3:32 )
References
1970 albums
Japanese-language albums
The Taipei Metro Fuxinggang station ( formerly transliterated as Fuhsing Kang Station until 2003 ) is located in Beitou District , Taipei , Taiwan . It is a station on the Tamsui Line . In the past , the station belonged to the now-defunct TRA Tamsui Line .
The name of the station is derived from the nearby Fu Hsing Kang College , a military academy . The Taipei Metro Beitou Depot is located directly south of the station .
Station overview
The at-grade , station structure with two side platforms and exit to Zhongyang North Road . The washrooms are inside the entrance area .
History
This station was opened temporarily as Shenyunhui Station ( ) , a TRA railway station , from October 25 to 31 , 1954 for the national sports day event held at Fu Hsing Kang College . The metro station was opened on 28 March 1997 .
Station layout
First and Last Train Timing
The first and last train timing at Fuxinggang station is as follows :
References
Tamsui–Xinyi line stations
Railway stations opened in 1954
Railway stations closed in 1954
Railway stations opened in 1997
`` Ca n't Get Enough '' is the debut single by English rock supergroup Bad Company . Appearing on the band 's 1974 self-titled debut album , it is their biggest hit and is considered their most popular song . It reached No . 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and No . 1 on Cashbox magazine 's Top 100 Singles chart . The song is also frequently played on classic rock radio stations .
Composition
The song is credited to guitarist Mick Ralphs , who tuned their guitar in the open-C tuning C-C-G-C-E-C. Ralphs stated that `` It never really sounds right in standard tuning . It needs the open C to have that ring . ''
Billboard described `` Ca n't Get Enough '' as a `` good , solid rocker '' and praised Paul Rodgers ' vocal performance . Cash Box called it `` one of the best rockers to come out of Britain in years , '' describing it as `` Top 40 oriented with a heavier flair . ''
Personnel
Paul Rodgers - vocals , rhythm guitar
Mick Ralphs - lead guitar
Boz Burrell - bass
Simon Kirke - drums
Track listing
7 '' vinyl
45 RPM
Chart positions
In popular culture
The song was made available to download on November 30 , 2010 for use in the Rock Band 3 music gaming platform in both Basic rhythm , and PRO mode which allows use of a real guitar / bass guitar , and MIDI compatible electronic drum kits / keyboards in addition to vocals .
The song was performed by Lenny Henry and Tom Jones as part of Comic Relief
The song was featured in the 1993 sequel film Wayne 's World 2 . The song also features in the film `` What the Bleep Do We Know ! ? '' ( 2004 ) .
References
1974 songs
1974 debut singles
Bad Company songs
Cashbox number-one singles
Songs written by Mick Ralphs
Swan Song Records singles
Island Records singles
Toydemir , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Armin Aberle ( born 13 December 1960 ) is a German semiconductor scientist and full professor at the National University of Singapore in the field of photovoltaics and solar energy , particularly thin film solar cells .
Aberle was born in Hausach , Germany . In 1988 they attained their undergraduate degree in Physics from the University of Freiburg and in 1992 completed their PhD in Physics at the same university .
They are currently working as Chief Executive Officer , Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore ( SERIS , since April 2012 ) .
Armin has written one book and is the author or co-author of over 240 academic publications and patent applications . Armin has also been involved in attaining over A $ 26 million in funding for photovoltaic research , including A $ 12.2 million to create an ARC Centre of Excellence in Photovoltaics and Photonics .
Awards received by Armin Aberle
1992 Postdoctoral Humboldt Fellowship
2002 Member of Editorial Board of the academic journal Progress in Photovoltaics
Marquis Who 's Who in the World ( 19th , 22nd , 23rd Edition )
Marquis Who 's Who in Science and Engineering ( 4th and 9th Edition )
See also
Photovoltaics
Solar Cell
Solar energy
Solar power in Australia
References
People associated with solar power
Australian engineers
University of Freiburg alumni
University of New South Wales faculty
1960 births
Living people
Christophe Saioni ( born 1 February 1969 ) is a French former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics and 2002 Winter Olympics . Their wife is Maruša Ferk Saioni .
External links
sports-reference.com
1969 births
Living people
French male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of France
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Shankh Monastery ( , Shankh Khiid ) located in Övörkhangai Province , Central Mongolia , 25 kilometers South East of Kharkhorin city , is one of Mongolia 's oldest and most historically significant monasteries . It was founded in 1647 by Zanabazar , the first Jebtsundamba Khutuktu , or spiritual head of Tibetan Buddhism for the Khalkha in Outer Mongolia , around the same time as the establishment of the nearby Tövkhön Monastery .
The monastery belongs to the Gelupa , or Yellow Hat Sect , school of Tibetan Buddhism . Its main temple is famous for its seven Kalachakra Mandalas which portray all 722 Kalachakra deities , the only ones of their kind in Mongolia .
The meaning of the word shankh is unclear , with some speculating it refers to the small mountain range between the monastery and Erdene Zuu Monastery , while others claim it refers to “ a group of objects arranged in a particular order ” .
History
Zanabazar founded Shankh Monastery in 1647 when they were just 12 years old . For many years it was known as the “ Monastery of the West ” ( Baruun Khüree ) . It began as a ger monastery , and moved several times before settling in its current location in 1787 and taking on its current name . Nevertheless , a large number of monks continued to maintain the traveling camp until the late 19th century .
According to the Russian ethnographer Aleksei M. Pozdneev , who visited the monastery in 1892 , in addition to the main temple , built between 1710 and 1790 , it consisted of five large beautifully decorated gers that could accommodate nearly 200 people . It is said that the black military banner of Genghis Khan was housed at the monastery for a time , although the current whereabouts of the banner are unknown .
At its height the monastery included several schools that practiced Tantric rituals , especially Kalachakra , Buddhist philosophy and astrology . By 1921 , the year of the Mongolian People 's Revolution , it consisted of some 20 buildings and housed over 1500 monks .
Like most of Mongolia 's religious centers , Shankh Monastery was closed down in 1937 and most of its standing structures destroyed by the country 's communist regime as part of violent Stalinist purges . Many of its monks were executed or sent to labor camps in Siberia while 5 young novices were permitted to return to their families . The main temple , which had escaped major damage , was later used as a warehouse . Fortunately , most of the monastery 's precious relics were removed and hidden away by one of the young novices , Gombo , and thus survived the destruction of the monastery .
Restoration
After the 1990 Democratic Revolution in Mongolia , the surviving novices returned to Shankh and began restoration efforts on the main temple . In 1993 , the 14th Dalai Lama sent three monks to Shankh as part of efforts to agton cultivate Buddhism to the country .
Notes
1647 establishments in Asia
Religious organizations established in the 1640s
Gelug monasteries and temples
Buddhist monasteries in Mongolia
Tibetan Buddhism in Mongolia
Annulobalcis albus is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eulimidae .
Distribution
This species is found off the coasts of Vietnam .
References
External links
To World Register of Marine Species
Eulimidae
Gastropods described in 2012
MicroB was a mobile web browser developed by Nokia for use in smartphones and mobile devices that run the Maemo operating system . The browser is Mozilla-based and uses the Gecko layout engine .
It is shipped with Nokia 's N800 , N810 and N900 Internet Tablets , and is also available for the 770 via the 'Hacker Editions ' of the operating system . In place of Mozilla 's XUL-based user interface , MicroB uses the Maemo-native ( GTK-based ) Hildon API and widgets .
History
MicroB was initially released as a public beta for Internet Tablet OS 2007 on July 17 , 2007 to allow third-party developers and community members to develop and port plugins , and help shape the development of the browser . It was updated several times before it replaced Opera as Internet Tablet OS 's default browser with the release of Internet Tablet OS 2008 on November 18 , 2007 with the N810 .
Architecture
MicroB is Mozilla-based and uses the Gecko engine , but a number of features are omitted due to platform-specific limitations . In particular , SVG support is disabled due to unacceptable performance , and XUL is not included to reduce size and decrease memory consumption . As XUL is not included , most Firefox plugins require porting and repackaging before they can be used with MicroB . In place of XUL , MicroB uses GTK and the Hildon UI toolkit to provide a native interface .
Add-ons
Add-ons usually need to be ported . The Maemo Browser Extras project is responsible for a large number of the available add-ons .
Some MicroB Plugins
Adblock Plus
Adobe Flash 9 ( bundled with Maemo )
Flashblock
Gears ( partial functionality )
Greasemonkey – All scripts that work on the desktop version of Firefox work fine in MicroB , extending the capabilities of the browser and even replacing the need for some extensions which are not available for MicroB .
MPlayer plugin
Windows Media Player Stream and RealPlayer stream supports via the built-in Media player
WML browser
Notes
References
Mozilla based browser for maemo whitepaper
External links
MicroB Homepage
Maemo Browser Extras
Mozilla
Web browsers
Embedded Linux
Mobile web browsers
The Königsberg City Museum ( ) was a local museum in Königsberg , Germany .
Kneiphof Town Hall had served as the city hall for united Königsberg since 1724 . In 1927 the municipal administration moved to the newer Stadthaus , leaving Kneiphof 's building vacant . The respected painter Eduard Anderson led the effort to convert the former town hall into a museum , which opened in 1928 with 25 rooms . It contained portraits of Johann Georg Hamann , the Magus of the North , and Lord Mayor August Wilhelm Heidemann , as well as a bust of E. T. A. Hoffmann . It included a coin collection and examples of fine Königsberg house ceilings . Its attractions also included a banner of the Napoleonic-era East Prussian National Cavalry Regiment , a Viking sword , copper engravings , household goods , amongst other artifacts . Anderson presented lectures in the museum .
The museum also contained an exhibit of Immanuel Kant artifacts ( Kantiana ) , previously located in the Königsberg Public Library . These included Kant 's hat , shoe buckles , walking stick , testament , death mask , and numerous pictures and sculptures . The exhibit , which was especially popular with foreign-born Kant followers , expanded into the Kant-Museum in 1938 , the same year that Fritz Gause became director of the museum .
The Nazi Party did not take an interest in the museum during Gleichschaltung . However , the Königsberg City Museum was destroyed in August 1944 during the Bombing of Königsberg in World War II .
References
1928 establishments in Germany
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
City museums in Germany
Defunct museums in Germany
Immanuel Kant
Museum
Museums established in 1928
Museums disestablished in 1944
Chloe Newsome ( born 1 December 1976 ) is an English actor who is best known for starring in the long-running ITV soap opera Coronation Street , appearing on and off between 1991 and 1998 . They were the second actor to portray the role of Vicky McDonald , after Helen Warburton played the character for four episodes in 1990 .
Career
Since spending the majority of their teen years working on Coronation Street , Newsome has concentrated on a wide variety of stage work over the last decade . Other screen appearances include The Bill , Sharpe 's Waterloo , The Life and Crimes of William Palmer , Children 's Ward and the 2005 film adaptation of John Braine 's novel The Jealous God .
Because of the irregular nature of acting work , Newsome has taken temporary office employment between jobs .
Filmography
Film
Television
Radio
Theatre
Alphabetical Order as Lesley , Hampstead Theatre , 16 April – 16 May 2009 ( Michael Frayn )
The Hollow as Midge , UK Tour ( Bill Kenwright Ltd national tours ) ; 2006 ( Agatha Christie )
And Then There Were None ( Agatha Christie )
Dangerous Corner ( J . B. Priestley )
The Importance of Being Earnest for Ian Dickens Productions ( Oscar Wilde )
Emma ( for John Adams at Basingstoke )
Pride and Prejudice
The Sneeze ( Anton Chekhov )
Othello ( the Good Company ) ( William Shakespeare )
The Taming of the Shrew , Kirkstall Abbey , Leeds ; 2005 ( William Shakespeare )
A Midsummer Night 's Dream , Kirkstall Abbey , Leeds ; 2005 ( William Shakespeare )
Twelfth Night , Stafford Castle and Kirkstall Abbey ( William Shakespeare )
The Young Idea ( Noël Coward )
Shooting Star , Chester Gateway ( director : Frith Banbury )
Treehouses , The Union , Southwark
Wait Until Dark
Spring and Port Wine West Yorkshire Playhouse , Leeds
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
English television actores
English soap opera actores
English child actores
Actresses from Sheffield
Actresses from Yorkshire
People educated at High Storrs School
Steve Michael Cronin ( born May 28 , 1983 in Sacramento , California ) is a retired American soccer player who most recently played for D.C. United of Major League Soccer .
Career
College and Amateur
Cronin played college soccer at Santa Clara University from 2001 to 2003 . As a first-year student , Cronin started 10 games as a goalkeeper and six in the field , finishing the season with a 0.79 goals against average . For the next two years , Cronin remained solely in goal , starting 27 matches and being named first-team All-West Coast Conference as a junior .
Professional
Following a tremendous performance with the Under-20 national team in the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship , Cronin signed a Project-40 contract with MLS . They were selected 10th overall in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft by their hometown San Jose Earthquakes . Unfortunately for Cronin , San Jose had two very competent goalkeepers in front of him , 2003 MLS Goalkeeper of the Year Pat Onstad and Jon Conway , and the young keeper did not get any playing time in the 2004 season .
Cronin was traded to Los Angeles Galaxy in the 2005 off-season in a four-player deal and started several games for the Galaxy . They became the Galaxy 's starting goalkeeper after Joe Cannon was traded to the San Jose Earthquakes in January 2008 . Cronin signed a multi-year contract extension with Galaxy after the 2008 MLS season , but transferred to Portland Timbers in February 2009 .
Cronin joined Major League Soccer side D.C. United on 9 October 2009 on loan from Portland until the end of the 2009 MLS season . Their first appearance for DC United was an October 17 , 2009 start at home against the Columbus Crew . Cronin made 6 saves and earned a shutout win . Cronin enjoyed a strong season with Portland in 2010 appearing in 28 league matches , in which they posted a .79 goals against average which included 12 shutouts .
On October 19 , 2010 Cronin was named as one of the first four players to be signed by the Portland Timbers ahead of their expansion into Major League Soccer in 2011 , along with Bright Dike , Ryan Pore and Eddie Johnson .
On December 17 , 2010 Cronin was traded from Portland along with allocation money to D.C. United for goalkeeper Troy Perkins . Cronin remained with D.C. through the 2011 season . At season 's end , the club declined their 2012 contract option and they entered the 2011 MLS Re-Entry Draft . Cronin was not selected in the draft and became a free agent .
International
As a teenager , Cronin trained with the Under-17 United States national team at the USSF 's Bradenton Academy , alongside players like Landon Donovan , DaMarcus Beasley , and Bobby Convey . They made their international debut with the team against Sweden on November 26 , 1998 .
They were called up for the United States national team camp before the game against Sweden on January 19 , 2008 , but was the only unused substitute in the match .
Retirement
On April 13 , 2012 Cronin announced they were becoming a State Farm insurance agent . They opened their office in Denver , Colorado on March 1 , 2013 .
Honors
Los Angeles Galaxy
Major League Soccer MLS Cup ( 1 ) : 2005
Portland Timbers
USL First Division Commissioner 's Cup ( 1 ) : 2009
Individual
USL First Division All-League First Team ( 1 ) : 2009
References
External links
Steve Cronin Player experience
Santa Clara profile
1983 births
Living people
American soccer players
Santa Clara Broncos men 's soccer players
San Jose Earthquakes players
LA Galaxy players
Portland Timbers ( 2001–2010 ) players
D.C. United players
Association football goalkeepers
USL First Division players
USSF Division 2 Professional League players
Major League Soccer players
United States men 's youth international soccer players
United States men 's under-20 international soccer players
Soccer players from Sacramento , California
San Jose Earthquakes draft picks
Cha Do-jin ( born Im Sung-kyu on 15 July 1983 ) is a South Korean actor .
Filmography
Television series
Film
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
Dennis Andres ( born 23 June 1987 ) is a German-Canadian actor and stuntman . They are best known for playing one of the lead roles of Ian Matthews on the CBC and Netflix hit show Workin ' Moms .
Early life
Andres was raised in Berlin , Germany ; their family later immigrated to Canada , settling in Hamilton , Ontario . As a child , they earned a black belt in Wado Kai Karate and Kickboxing and went on to place 6th in all of Canada for The WKF ( World Karate Federation ) Nationals at the age of 18 . They attended Cathedral High School where they were a captain of their football team , but withdrew after suffering a number of injuries . A co-op counsellor recommended they become a stuntman ; they introduced them to the school drama teacher who became their mentor , setting them up with an apprenticeship at the Players Guild of Hamilton community theatre .
Career
After working a few theatre productions backstage , Andres took on a role as an actor in a theatre production at the Players Guild , performing the role of Jacob in the play Salt Water Moon . Soon after , they sought out their first agent through a close friend , and began booking roles in TV and film . They were cast in their first leading film role in Lady Psycho Killer in 2015 .
In 2016 , Andres was cast as Ian Matthews , one of the fathers in Workin ' Moms , a half-hour episodic written by the show 's creator and lead actor , Catherine Reitman . They later reprised their role in seasons 2 , 3 , and 4 .
In 2018 , they booked a supporting role as Justin Hayes opposite Hannah Simone in the pilot episode of The Greatest American Hero . They have since appeared in a variety of television roles on shows including The Strain , The Good Witch , Star Trek : Discovery and Diggstown .
In June 2020 , Andres starred alongside Sofia Carson and Enrico Colantoni in the Elissa Down-directed Netflix Original Feel the Beat '' . They played the lead role in TV movies ' Blueprint to the Heart as Brooks ( 2020 ) , and Hint of Love , as Will Fryer ( 2020 ) .
Their latest project is the upcoming Colors of Love , where they play the supportive big brother , Craig Harris , to Taylor , played by Jessica Lowndes . Also starring Chad Michael Murray , the film will be released in 2021 .
References
External links
Dennis Andres on IMDB
1987 births
Living people
21st-century Canadian male actors
Male actors from Berlin
Male actors from Hamilton , Ontario
The Greatest American Hero
Paul Richard Butler ( born 26 June 1963 ) is a former English cricketer . Butler was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace . They were born in Sleaford , Lincolnshire .
Butler made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1983 Minor Counties Championship against Cumberland . Butler played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1983 to 1995 , which included 51 Minor Counties Championship matches and 11 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches . They made their List A debut against Surrey in the 1983 NatWest Trophy . They scored 4 runs in the match , before being dismissed by Ian Payne . They played a further List A match for Lincolnshire against Lancashire in the 1988 NatWest Trophy . In this match , they took 3 wickets for the cost of 20 runs from 2.5 overs , while with the bat they scored 33 runs before being dismissed by Jack Simmons .
References
External links
Paul Butler at ESPNcricinfo
Paul Butler at CricketArchive
1963 births
Living people
People from Sleaford , Lincolnshire
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
The Church of St James the Less , Sulgrave , is the Church of England parish church of Sulgrave , a village and civil parish about north of Brackley , Northamptonshire . The present church dates largely from the 13th and 14th centuries and is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II * listed building .
Architecture
Sulgrave has had a church since the Anglo-Saxon era , although not on the current site . An earlier stone church is believed to have stood about north of the present one , on higher ground near the windmill .
The church on the present site was built in the 13th century , when the Cluniac Priory of St Andrew , Northampton held the advowson . At least some material from the original church was used in the rebuilding . Most notable is a triangular-headed doorway , characteristic of Anglo-Saxon architecture , that has been re-set as the west door of the west tower . This may date from the 10th century . The bell-openings to the top stage of the tower and the trefoiled lancet windows to the ground stage are Early English Gothic features that date it to the 13th century .
The tower had a spire , but it collapsed in the 14th century . A record from about 1340 reports the church as `` destroyed '' , and 20 carts being at `` Helmydene '' ( Helmdon , southeast of Sulgrave ) to collect stone for its repair . Helmdon stone is a fine freestone and was certainly the best building stone in the area .
The work for which Helmdon stone was supplied may therefore have included the south aisle . This was added in the middle of the 14th century and retains all of its original Decorated Gothic windows . The four-bay arcade between the south aisle and the nave is Perpendicular Gothic and therefore somewhat later . Also in the south aisle is a squint to the high altar in the chancel , and a 14th- or 15th-century piscina , both of which were installed when the aisle had a side altar . The squint was blocked after the Reformation but reopened in 1885 . The south door is 14th century . Outside it is the south porch , which is 16th-century Elizabethan with a characteristically Tudor four-centred arch . Over it is a datestone with the initials ER and year 1564 . Elizabeth I visited Northampton that year so the initials may commemorate them visit .
The chancel has two south windows : the more easterly is Decorated Gothic and therefore earlier ; the more westerly is Perpendicular Gothic . The baptismal font is octagonal and may date from the 1660s .
In 1840 the nave walls were raised by about , the ancient oak roof was replaced with a new deal one and the windows were reduced in height , all to accommodate the installation of galleries to increase the church 's capacity . In 1885 the galleries were removed and the oak roof was restored . In the same year to compensate for the loss of the galleries the north aisle was added , re-using the 14th-century north doorway . The three-light east window of the chancel is also 19th-century Gothic Revival .
The two-light east window of the south aisle includes four stained glass coats of arms of successive generations of the Washington family . Each is surrounded by strapwork in white and yellow glass and they are probably 16th-century .
Furnishings
St James ' has an ancient wooden chest , hewn from a solid oak trunk and said to be 14th-century . It has two compartments and is bound with closely spaced iron bands .
In the south aisle is the Washington Pew , a 17th-century pew that was installed when the Washington family held Sulgrave Manor .
In 1929 a wooden screen was installed separating the ground stage of the tower from the nave to create a vestry . It was funded by the Women 's Committee of the George Washington Institute and made by craftsmen of Broadway , Worcestershire .
The Colonial Dames of America presented the church with a pipe organ in 1930 . This was replaced with a new one in 1975 .
Monuments
Under the floor of the east end of south aisle is the tomb Amee Washington who died in 1564 , and their husband Lawrence who died in 1584 . The tomb is covered by a slab of Hornton ironstone with monumental brasses set into it . There were originally six brasses in the set : a pair of figures of Lawrence and Amee Washington ; a pair of smaller brasses , one their four sons , and one of their seven daughters ; a brass of a family coat of arms and one with an inscription . The brasses of Amee Washington , the family coat of arms and the inscription are missing . In 1889 the two brasses of the children and the head of the brass of Lawrence Washington were stolen . They were recovered in 1923 and reinstalled in 1924 but no-one was ever charged with their theft .
In 1659 the Washingtons sold Sulgrave Manor , and in about 1673 it passed to a member of the Hodges family . On the south wall of the south aisle above the Washington pew are three neoclassical wall monuments to members of the Hodges family . The largest and most ornate is that to the brothers John and Rev Moses Hodges , both of whom died in 1724 . It is of grey and white marble and has fluted pilasters .
Bells and clock
In 1552 during the Edwardine Reformation the church was listed as having four bells in the west tower plus a sanctus bell . The churchwardens , John Humfrey and John Mayo , had sold one of the bells for £16 to pay for road and ford repairs in the parish . The buyers , Thomas Stuttesbury and Lawrence Washington , had so far paid £6 , and the bell remained in the belfry until the balance was paid .
None of the bells listed in 1552 survives , but their metal may have been re-used in casting the present ones . The Sanctus bell was medieval , but in 1806 it was recast by John Briant of Hertford . One of the Newcombe family of bellfounders of Leicester cast the present third bell in 1610 and the fourth in 1612 . Edward Hall of Drayton Parslow in Buckinghamshire cast the fifth bell in 1744 . Matthew Bagley of Chacombe cast the second bell in 1769 . John Briant of Hertford cast the tenor bell in 1808 , making a ring of five . Gillett & Johnston of Croydon recast all five of the ring in 1928 . This was increased to six when John Taylor & Co of Loughborough cast the present treble bell in 1932 .
The present turret clock in the west tower was made and installed in 1928 .
Benefice
The parish is part of the benefice of Culworth , with Sulgrave and Thorpe Mandeville , and Chipping Warden , with Edgcote and Moreton Pinkney . It is in the deanery of Brackley , the archdeaconry of Northampton , and the Diocese of Peterborough .
Future
The church hall is to be refurbished and upgraded with a grant from HS2 Ltd , which will include the installation of accessible toilets .
References
Sources
External links
Church of England church buildings in Northamptonshire
English Gothic architecture in Northamptonshire
Grade II * listed churches in Northamptonshire
Grzegorz Miśtal ( born 19 January 1973 , in Kraków ) - Polish movie actor and TV actor , and theater actor . Since 1999 they are reporter of Telewizja Polska . Since September 2009 they are hosted of Program Kawa Czy Herbata ? . They guide too a program : Ktokolwiek widział , ktokolwiek wie .
Filmography
Spis cudzołożnic ( 1995 ) , as man in a bar
Boża podszewka ( 1997 ) , as AK soldier
Klan ( 1997-2007 ) , as Adam Horecki
Sara ( 1997 ) , as basketballer
Ostatnia misja ( 1999 ) , as desk clerk
Pierwszy milion ( 1999 ) , as man in a disco
Lokatorzy ( 2001 ) , as Adam
Na dobre i na złe ( 2004 ) , as themselves
Rodzinka ( 2004 ) , as patient
References
External links
Grzegorz Miśtal at tvp.pl
Grzegorz Miśtal at gudejko.pl
1973 births
Living people
Polish male actors
The Chile national under-17 football team is the representative of Chile within FIFA and participates in international football competitions such as FIFA U-17 World Cup and South American Under-17 Football Championship . It is part of the Federación de Fútbol de Chile and it participated in the 1993 , 1997 , 2015 and 2017 editions of the FIFA U-17 World Cup tournament . As the host nation , Chile qualified automatically for the 2015 edition .
Chile Under-17 World Cup appearances
Japan 1993
The 1993 FIFA U-17 World Championship was held in Japan from 21 August to 4 September in the Japanese cities of Tokyo , Hiroshima , Kyoto , Kobe , Nagoya and Gifu .
This was to be Chile 's first presentation on the U-17 international tournament stage . Attainment occurred by finishing in second place at the 1993 South American Under-17 Football Championship , behind Colombia and ahead of Argentina .
Of the four groups in the tournament , Chile were located in Group D which contained Poland , Tunisia and China . The group games were held in the city of Hiroshima and on 22 August , Chile faced China , the winners of the AFC U-16 Championship . The game ended in a 2–2 draw . On 24 August , Chile played against Tunisia , where Chile came away victorious by a score of 2–0 . The third match was to be a highly contested match-up against Poland , and a battle for first place within Group D would ensue . The match ended 3–3 with Chile qualifying in second place with a total of 4 points .
In the quarterfinals , Chile 's opponent was the former country of Czechoslovakia on 29 August in Kyoto . Chile went on to defeat Czechoslovakia 4–1 gaining a spot in the semifinals .
On 1 September , the semifinals featured Chile vs. Ghana . The speed , counterattacking and strength of the African players defeated the Chilean squad . The match ended 3–0 and relegated Chile towards the consolation prize of the tournament , which was third place .
The third-place position reunited Chile with Poland , where after another battle , Chile would go on to tie Poland with a penalty kick from Sebastian Rozental during the closing minutes of the match , after Chile were down most of the game with an own goal against them . Chile ultimately won the penalty kick shootout ( 4 ) - ( 2 ) and gained a third-place finish .
Egypt 1997
For the 1997 edition , Chile qualified by finishing in third place behind both Brazil and Argentina in the 1997 South American Under-17 Football Championship .
The tournament was held in Egypt in the cities of Cairo , Ismailia , Alexandria and Port Said from 4 September to 21 September . Chile was located in Group A which included hosts Egypt , Germany and Thailand . On 5 September , Chile played Germany in the capital of Cairo and after a scoreless first half , Chile was defeated by the Germans 1–0 .
On 7 September , Chile played the host country of Egypt in the same venue . After Egypt was winning by a goal , Chile went on to tie and the game finished 1–1 . On 10 September in Ismalia , Chile 's final group match featured them against Thailand . Chile defeated the Southeast Asian country by a score of 6–2 , but the result would not be good enough for them to advance onto the second round as Chile with only 4 points could not surpass Egypt who came in second place with 5 points .
Chile 2015
In 2011 , Chile was chosen to host the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup , therefore the team qualified automatically for the tournament .
India 2017
For the 2017 edition , Chile qualified by finishing in second place behind Brazil and ahead of Paraguay in the 2017 South American Under-17 Football Championship .
Competitive record
FIFA Under-17 World Cup record
South American Under-17 Football Championship record
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
Honours
FIFA U-17 World Cup
Third place ( 1 ) : 1993
South American Under-17 Football Championship
Runners-ups ( 2 ) : 1993 , 2017
Third place ( 1 ) : 1997
By match
Record by opponent
Former squads
1993 FIFA U-17 World Championship
Coach : Leonardo Véliz
1997 FIFA U-17 World Championship
Coach : Vladimir Bigorra
2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup
Coach : Miguel Ponce
2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup
Coach : Hernán Caputto
2019 FIFA U-17 World Cup
Coach : Cristian Leiva
Current squad
Head coach : Cristian Leiva
See also
Chile national football team
Chile national under-20 football team
References
External links
FIFA.com : FIFA U-17 World Championship Egypt 1997
Chilean football forum on national teams
Under
South American national under-17 association football teams
Youth sport in Chile
Annika Narbe ( born 9 October 1971 ) is a Swedish former professional tennis player .
Narbe , who comes from Malmö , reached a career best singles ranking of 224 on the professional tour , twice featuring in the main draw of the Swedish Open . They won two ITF singles titles and five ITF doubles titles .
A Swedish national champion in 1992 and 1993 , they are the mother of professional tennis player Philip Möbius .
ITF finals
Singles : 6 ( 2–4 )
Doubles : 8 ( 5–3 )
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Swedish female tennis players
Sportspeople from Malmö
20th-century Swedish women
21st-century Swedish women
Grandpa 's Journey ( ) is a 1993 Swedish drama film directed by Staffan Lamm . Marika Lagercrantz was nominated for the award for Best Actress at the 29th Guldbagge Awards .
Cast
Max von Sydow as Simon S.L . Fromm
Mai Zetterling as Elin Fromm
Marika Lagercrantz as Karin
Carl Svensson as Göran
Ina-Miriam Rosenbaum as Vera
Sharon Brauner as Sara
Hagen Müller-Stahl as Dr. Bratt
Bernhard-Heinrich Herzog as Student ( as Bernhard Heinrich Herzog )
Svante Weyler as Post-office Employee
Annmari Kastrup as Astrid
References
External links
1993 films
1993 drama films
Swedish drama films
1990s Swedish-language films
1990s Swedish films
`` Our Town '' is the debut single by Canadian country music band Cold Creek County . It was written by Todd Clark and Gavin Slate . It was released in April 2015 via Sony Music Canada .
Commercial performance
The song debuted at No . 42 on the Billboard Canada Country charts on May 23 , 2015 . It was the most added song to Canadian country radio . It reached the Top Ten in June 2015 .
Music video
The official music video for `` Our Town '' premiered on June 12 , 2015 .
Charts
References
2015 songs
Cold Creek County songs
2015 debut singles
Songs written by Todd Clark
Songs written by Gavin Slate
Joseph or Joe Robertson may refer to :
Sportsmen
Joe Robertson ( footballer ) ( born 1977 ) , Scottish footballer
Joe Robertson ( ice hockey ) ( born 1948 ) , Canadian hockey player
Others
Joseph Robertson ( priest ) ( 1726–1802 ) , English clergyman and writer
Joseph Robertson ( pastor ) ( 1849–1921 ) , Australian Congregationalist minister
Joseph Clinton Robertson ( c. 1787–1852 ) , pseudonym Sholto Percy , Scottish patent agent and periodical editor
Joseph Robertson ( historian ) ( 1810–1866 ) , Scottish scholar
Joseph Robertson ( OHSU ) , president of Oregon Health & Science University
Joseph Gibb Robertson ( 1820–1899 ) , Scottish-born merchant , farmer and political figure in Quebec
Robbie Robertson ( comics ) , a fictional character in the Spider-Man series
Gorenje ( ; ) is a village in the hills northwest of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Name
The name Gorenje is shared by several settlements in Slovenia . It arose through ellipsis of Gorenje selo ( literally , 'upper village ' ) , denoting the elevation of the place in relation to a neighboring settlement . Gorenje stands about higher than Bukovje , the nearest neighboring village .
Church
The local church in the settlement is dedicated to Saint Leonard and belongs to the Parish of Studeno .
References
External links
Gorenje on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
Linnéa Rebecka Emilia Bäckman ( born 18 April 1991 ) is a Swedish ice hockey defender .
International career
Bäckman was selected for the Sweden women 's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics . They played in all six games , not recording a point .
As of 2014 , Wester has also appeared for Sweden at three IIHF Women 's World Championships . Them first appearance came in 2011 .
As of 2014 , Bäckman made two appearances for the Sweden women 's national under-18 ice hockey team , at the IIHF World Women 's U18 Championships in 2008 and 2009 , including winning a bronze medal in the 2009 event .
Career statistics
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
Eurohockey.com Profile
Sports-Reference Profile
1991 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Ice hockey people from Stockholm
Swedish women 's ice hockey defencemen
Kalemler , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
A Conscientious Objector is an `` individual who has refused to take part in the Great War '' . There were different meanings for this , for example , religious meanings ( not believing in violence and/or killing ) , freedom of thought , conscience , and disability . In many countries Conscientious Objectors are forced to do other services as a substitute for military service . Conscientious Objectors were often seen as cowards . Many people from across the United Kingdom were considered to be Conscientious Objectors during the First World War , and the movement was as pronounced in Wales as in any other part of the county .
In Wales there was strong support for the movement from pacifists within the large non-conformist community .
George Maitland Lloyd Davies
One of the most vocal opponents of conscription for the Great War was George Maitland Lloyd Davies ( 30 April 1880 – 16 December 1949 ) , was born in Liverpool . They were imprisoned for opposing the Great War and conscription . They and their friend , Richard Roberts from Blaenau Ffestiniog , formed a Christian society to promote peace during World War I called the `` Fellowship of Reconciliation '' ( Cymdeithas y Cymod ) . They published a magazine under the title `` Y Deyrnas '' from 1916 to 1919 , with Thomas Rees , head of Bala-Bangor college as editor .
In 1937 , the Welsh National Pacifist Society was established with George Maitland Lloyd Davies ( G.M.LL.D ) as president . At the end of 1937 a pamphlet had been published to go along with the launch of the society by the name of `` Ymorthodwn a Rhyfel '' ( We Reject War ) .
References
Conscientious objection
United Kingdom in World War I
Emma Carrick-Anderson ( born 17 June 1975 ) is a Scottish former alpine skier who competed for Great Britain at the Winter Olympic Games in 1992 , 1994 , 1998 and 2002 .
Skiing career
Originally from Dunblane , Carrick-Anderson began skiing at the age of two and was racing by the age of six ; they spent four years attending the Austrian Ski School in Schladming . In 1992 , they were named as the Scottish Skier of the Year .
Carrick-Anderson made their debut at the 1992 Winter Olympics at the age of sixteen . They competed in four Olympics , six World Championships , and numerous World Cups l .
Post-Skiing
They announced their retirement in 2003 , stating that while they remained motivated they were `` fed up with living out of a suitcase . '' They had also found it difficult to adapt to the new skis that came into use for competition .
Following their retirement , they relocated to the French Alps to work as a ski instructor , and has done commentary work for Eurosport and the BBC .
Personal life
Them elder brother Crawford was also a skier , but achieved success as a mountain bike racer .
Carrick-Anderson married Phil Smith , a fellow skier , in 2004 . The couple have three sons , all of whom have followed in their parents ' footsteps as keen competitive skiers .
References
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Dunblane
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Skiing announcers
Skiing coaches
Scottish female alpine skiers
Scottish emigrants to France
Anne M. Young is a Professor of Biomaterials at University College London , where they work on the development and characterisation of new materials for the repair of tooth and bone .
Early life and education
Young studied chemistry at Imperial College London , where they earned their bachelor 's degree in 1986 . They remained there for their doctoral studies in polymer physics . They moved to the petroleum industry , and joined BP as a colloid scientist in 1990 . In 1992 they joined the UCL School of Pharmacy as a postdoctoral researcher .
Research and career
Young was appointed to Brunel University London as a lecturer in chemistry . Young noticed a decline in the petroleum industry , They moved to the Schottlander Dental Company as a research scientist in 1998 , before joining University College London as a lecturer in 2000 .
At University College London , Young was a member of the Eastman Dental Hospital . Them work considers degradable and non-degradable composite bone cements , as well as dental restorative materials . They work with polymers , composites and metals . In restorative dentistry , one of the biggest hazards is leakage of bacteria . Young creates fluid pastes that can be put in place of a tooth and set with light . Once set , these pastes form permanent materials with similar properties to the nearby teeth . By designing the pastes such that they swell when they absorb water , Young can overcome shrinkage , and by incorporating antibacterial agents they can overcome the dangers of bacterial leakage . They work closely with material scientists , dentists and microbiologists .
Alongside the design of materials for dentistry , Young is developing degradable materials for bone repair . Similar to the dental materials , injectable materials for bone repair or drug delivery can mimic nearby bone . These bone repair materials can be used for gene therapy . To analysis the materials during set and degradation , Young uses vibrational spectroscopy such as FTIR and Raman mapping .
Young was promoted to Professor in 2015 . They delivered their inaugural lecture at University College London in 2016 . They spoke about new materials to repair tooth decay and damage from osteoporosis .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Alumni of Imperial College London
Slow Dance is the second album by Jeremy Jay , released by K Records .
The album received critical acclaim . In its review , Pitchfork wrote that Jay played a `` garage-rock and frigid post-punk as a backdrop for romanticized pop fantasy '' . Critic Marc Hogan described the song `` In this Lonely Town '' as a `` vivid scene '' of a film . Spin hailed the album , saying `` his quietly unsettling aura perfectly suits '' the songs . Tiny Mix Tapes praised Slow Dance and wrote : `` This is one of the smartest indie-pop albums in recent years '' . Les Inrockuptibles also praised the album .
The album was released on vinyl and CD . Two singles were taken from Slow Dance : `` We Were There '' and `` Breaking the Ice '' . `` We Were There '' was first released on vinyl 7 '' inch with the B-side `` Beautiful Dreamer '' . `` Breaking the Ice '' was then released on 7 '' inch vinyl with two extra tracks , `` Winter Wonder '' and `` Words of Love '' .
Track listing
We Were There
In This Lonely Town
Gallop
Canter Canter
Slow Dance
Winter Wonder
Will You Dance with Me ?
Breaking the Ice
Slow Dance 2
Where Could We Go Tonight ?
Personnel
Derek James – bass
Jeremy Jay – synthesizer , guitar , piano , vocals , producer
Ilya Malinsky – guitar , synth , drums
Nick Pahl – drums
References
2009 albums
Jeremy Jay albums
K Records albums
Isle of the Dead ( Russian : Остров мёртвых ) , Op . 29 , is a symphonic poem composed by Sergei Rachmaninoff , written in the key of A minor . They concluded the composition while staying in Dresden in 1908 . It is considered a classic example of Russian late-Romanticism of the beginning of the 20th century .
The piece was inspired by a black and white reproduction of Arnold Böcklin 's painting , Isle of the Dead , which Rachmaninoff saw in Paris in 1907 . Rachmaninoff was disappointed by the original painting when they later saw it , saying , `` If I had seen first the original , I , probably , would have not written my Isle of the Dead . I like it in black and white . ''
Structure
The music begins by suggesting the sound of the oars as they meet the waters on the way to the Isle of the Dead . The slowly heaving and sinking music could also be interpreted as waves . Rachmaninoff uses a recurring figure in 5/8 time to depict what may be the rowing of the oarsman or the movement of the water , and as in several others of their works , quotes the Dies Irae plainchant , an allusion to death . In contrast to the theme of death , the 5/8 time also depicts breathing , creating a holistic reflection on how life and death are intertwined .
Recording
In 1929 , Rachmaninoff conducted the Philadelphia Orchestra in a recording of the music for the Victor Talking Machine Company , which was purchased by RCA that same year and became known as RCA Victor . This recording was made in the Academy of Music in Philadelphia , using one microphone , and was later reissued on LP and CD by RCA Victor .
References
Bibliography
Wehrmeyer , A . ( 2006 ) , Rakhmaninov , London : Haus Publishing .
External links
Toteninsel.net : an encyclopedia in progress dedicated to A.Bocklin 's Isle of the Dead : copies , parodies , inspirations ...
Symphonic poems by Sergei Rachmaninoff
1908 compositions
Music based on art
Mares Forest National Park is a protected area of , situated in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales . The nearest large town is Goulburn .
Numerous species of birds hide in the kurrajong trees , during the summer lizards can be seen sunbathing on the rocks , kangaroos , wallabies and wombats are usually spotted when night begins to fall .
See also
Protected areas of New South Wales
References
National parks of New South Wales
Forests of New South Wales
2010 establishments in Australia
Ralph Heinert Jr. is a former American engineer and politician from Montana . Heinert is a former Republican member of Montana House of Representatives .
Early life
On August 26 , 1944 , Heinert was born in Belle Fourche , South Dakota .
Education
In 1967 , Heinert earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from South Dakota School of Mines and Technology in Rapid City , South Dakota .
Career
In 1967 , Heinert became an Engineer for American Oil Company , until 1968 . In 1968 , Heinert was an Engineer for Anaconda Forest Products , until 1972 . In 1975 , Heinert became a Project Engineer for Champion International Corporation . In 1981 , Heinery became a Manager at Champion International Corporation , until 2000 .
On November 2 , 2004 , Heinert won the election and became a Republican member of Montana House of Representatives for District 1 . Heinert defeated Eileen J. Carney and Russell D. Brown with 48.71 % of the votes . Heinert won by 49 votes . On November 7 , 2006 , as an incumbent , Heinert won the election and continued serving District 1 . Heinert defeated Eileen J. Carney and Russell D. Brown with 47.70 % of the votes .
Personal life
Heinert 's wife is Rita Heinert . They have three children . Heinert and their family live in Libby , Montana .
See also
Montana House of Representatives , District 1
References
External links
Montana House - 2005
Ralph Heinert will not file for re-election State Representative from District 1 ( January 31 , 2008 )
1944 births
Living people
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Montana Republicans
People from Belle Fourche , South Dakota
People from Libby , Montana
The 2008 Futsal Mundialito was an international friendly championship in futsal . The tournament was held in Algarve , Portugal from 2 to 6 of July 2008 . The championship was played in Praia da Alagoa .
Tournament
1st round
Group A
Standing
Matches
Group B
Standing
Matches
Knockout stage
5th & 6th Places
Honors
Best Player : Pedro Costa -
Best Goalkeeper : Mohammed Al-Sharif -
Top Goal Scorer : Arione Coelho -
Fair-Play Team :
Sources
Futsal Planet
Futsal Mundialito
International futsal competitions hosted by Portugal
Futsal Mundialito , 2008
Futsal
Lone Willow Station was a former settlement in Merced County , California , located near present-day Los Banos .
Background
Lone Willow Station was a changing or swing station along the First Division route of the Butterfield Overland Mail , from 1858 to 1861 . Lone Willow Station was located on the west bank of Mud Slough , 18 miles east of the St. Louis Ranch Station and 13 miles northwest of Temple 's Ranch Station . This station consisted of a house for the hostler and a large barn for the relay horses and storage of their barley and hay .
References
Former settlements in Merced County , California
Butterfield Overland Mail in California
American frontier
1858 establishments in California
Stagecoach stations in California
Transportation buildings and structures in Merced County , California
The Women 's 200 metre butterfly competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 21 and 22 June 2022 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world and championship records were as follows .
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 21 June at 10:00 .
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 21 June at 19:18 .
Final
The final was held on 22 June at 18:02 .
References
Women 's 200 metre butterfly
Kessy is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Doreen Kessy , COO at Ubongo Learning Inc .
Jennifer Kessy ( born 1977 ) , American beach volleyball player
Kale Kessy , Canadian ice hockey player
Paul Kessy ( 1915–1971 ) , American basketball player
Hassan Kessy ( born 1994 ) , Tanzanian footballer
The Orgullosamente Latino Awards are accolades first awarded in 2004 for the best in Latin music . They were created by Alexis Núñes Oliva , Executive Producer of Ritmoson Latino , the Mexico-based music television channel through which the awards are broadcast each year .
The awards are given to albums with previously unreleased material , inside the January 1 and December 31 dates of each year . For the special `` Latin Trajectory of the Year '' award , the nominees must have at least 20 years of career within the musical scene . The Orgullosamente Latino awards have the main difference that is a fan , instead of a celebrity , who gives the award to the winning artist .
There exist seven categories awarded each year :
Latin Trajectory of the Year
Male Latin Soloist of the Year
Female Latin Soloist of the Year
Latin Group of the Year
Latin Album of the Year
Latin Song of the Year
Latin Music Video of the Year .
See also
Premios Orgullosamente Latino on Spanish Wikipedia for more information about nominees and winners
References
Latin American music awards
Awards established in 2004
Awards disestablished in 2010
Alice Fisher may refer to :
Alice Fisher ( nurse ) ( 1839–1888 ) , nursing pioneer
Alice S. Fisher ( born 1967 ) , assistant Attorney General in the United States Department of Justice
See also
Alice Fischer ( disambiguation )
Per-Edvin Persson ( born 1949 in Helsinki ) is Director of Heureka , the Finnish Science Centre , since 1991 . Before that they were the Director of Science at Heureka ( 1987-1991 ) and the Director of the Federation of Finnish Learned Societies ( 1983-1987 ) . Earlier they were a research scientist at the University of Helsinki , including a fellowship year at the Freshwater Institute in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Persson 's specialty was tastes and odours in drinking water and fish . They published about 50 scientific papers in their specialty and on eutrophication of waters . They led the international scientific co-operation in this field in 1982–1991 .
Persson has held and holds several positions of trust in science policy . They were a member of the Board of the Academy of Finland in 1992-1994 and a member of the Nordic Science Policy Council ( Copenhagen ) in 1986–1992 . They are Chair of the Board of the Finnish Game and Fisheries Research Institute 2012–2014 .
Persson led Heureka to success both at home and internationally . Under their leadership , Heureka 's exhibitions have travelled to 25 countries in four continents where they have been seen by 22 million visitors . Persson served as President of the Nordic Science Centre Association in 1987–1991 , of the European Science Centre Association ECSITE in 1997-1998 and of the international Association of Science-Technology Centers ( ASTC ) in 2004–2005 . They started the tradition of Science Centre World Congresses . They have held and holds several positions of trust in several countries . In Finland , they chair the educational organisation Svenska folkskolans vänner since 2010 .
In 2007 , Persson received the ASTC Fellow Award for Outstanding Contribution . They are Knight ( 1st degree ) of the Order of the White Rose of Finland and Knight of the French order Ordre national du Mérite .
Sources
Per-Edvin Persson 's Web Page
The homepage of Heureka
Heureka 's Annual Reports
References
Finnish ecologists
Academic personnel of the University of Helsinki
Knights of the National Order of Merit ( France )
Scientists from Helsinki
Living people
1949 births
St. Mark 's School is a coeducational , Episcopal preparatory school , situated on in Southborough , Massachusetts , from Boston . St. Mark 's was founded in 1865 as an all-boys school by Joseph Burnett , who developed and marketed Burnett Vanilla Extract . Girls have attended since 1978 . St. Mark 's is a member of the Independent School League and one of five prep schools known collectively as St. Grottlesex .
History
St. Mark 's is one of the first New England schools founded on the British model , as opposed to academies such as Phillips Academy and Phillips Exeter Academy or entrepreneurial schools such as The Hill School .
The school attracted many members of Boston Brahmin and New York Knickerbocker families .
Arrival of William Greenough Thayer
The school faced initial challenges , including financial difficulties and the instability resulting from employing four different principals in its first seventeen years of existence , followed by the appointment of William E. Peck in 1882 . Peck was often in conflict with the trustees , until 1894 , when they resigned and founded Pomfret School , taking a number of students and teachers with him . It was n't until the appointment of Headmaster William Greenough Thayer ( who had taught for five years at slightly younger athletic archrival Groton School ) in 1894 that St. Mark 's began to experience stability . Thayer led the school until 1930 . News of their pending retirement was reported by Time Magazine in 1929 .
Thayer 's knack for attracting socially well-connected families proved durable . Their admissions policy , modeled on that of English Public Schools , prioritized admissions on the basis of when one 's parents had “ put one 's name down ” . In practice this led over time to a school dominated by sons of alumni . Girls were not admitted until 1978 .
St. Mark 's social standing did not pass unnoticed in wider America . F. Scott Fitzgerald , in their 1920 novel “ This Side of Paradise ” , identified St. Mark 's as a school which “ ... recruited from Boston and the Knickerbocker families of New York . ”
Sports were emphasized . In the early years masters played with boys on the same teams , and the traditional football rivalry with Groton was slowly expanded to include the English game of “ fives ” , baseball , and other sports .
Parkman period
With Thayer 's retirement in 1930 , Headmaster Francis Parkman was chosen to lead the school . Parkman brought the noted poet Richard Eberhart to the school as an English teacher from 1933 to 1941 , and W. H. Auden for a brief appointment in 1939 . Auden described St. Mark 's to a friend as a school that `` sets out to be a sort of American Eton ” . Auden was reportedly struck by the “ dimness of the boys and the reverence of America for the average. ” Eberhart briefly memorializes Auden 's time at St. Mark 's with their poem “ To W. H. Auden on their Fiftieth Birthday ” , in which they mention the school in passing .
Parkman left the school in 1942 – to enlist in the army – and never returned , although they remained active in independent school policy all their life , eventually rising to the presidency of the National Association of Independent Schools in Boston .
World War II
World War II changed the campus . In 1942 Parkman was replaced by William Brewster , an Episcopal clergyman who remained only until 1947 . Brewster 's democratizing tendencies were abetted by exigencies of the war effort . The school was forced to cope with labor shortages that forced students to work in dormitories and in the dining hall . The maids and domestic help vanished with the war 's labor shortage and never returned .
Twentieth-century elitism
Headmaster Brewster disliked the clubby atmosphere of the school , reforming admission policies during their brief tenure . Famously hearing one alumnus describe St. Mark 's as the best club they had ever joined , Brewster subsequently fought to make admissions merit-based , and expanded financial assistance . Their successors continued this battle . The school began to focus more on academic as opposed to social merits , and by the late fifties was admitting only about one applicant out of five .
In 1948 , Headmaster William Wyatt Barber Jr. assumed leadership of St. Mark 's . Teaching Ancient Greek and coaching hockey , Headmaster Barber emphasized character building . Under Mr. Barber , the school offered scholarships to students from military or moderate income families .
Challenge of modernization
In 1968 , Edward T. `` Ned '' Hall became Headmaster . Beginning in the early 1970s , St. Mark 's relaxed many traditional , formal requirements of school life . St. Mark 's reduced the number of required chapel services from six days per week to five . St. Mark 's reduced the number of sit down meals . The School introduced a `` December Week '' of alternative course offerings , and experiments in co-education . Headmaster Hall announced their resignation at the beginning of the 1973–74 school year , effective the following July .
In 1974 , the trustees hired Rev . Robert R. `` Red '' Hansel , a former chaplain at St. George 's School . Hansel 's four-year tenure was controversial . Changes under Rev . Hansel , like coeducation , were arduous . In 1972 girls initially attended the newly established Southborough School , funded largely by St. Mark 's . In 1977 the Southborough girls ' school was dissolved . St. Mark 's absorbed many of its students and faculty .
Academics
Between 2010 and 2014 , the most popular college destinations were Northeastern ( 12 ) , Georgetown ( 11 ) , Hamilton ( 11 ) , Boston College ( 10 ) , and Lehigh ( 10 ) .
St. Mark 's has an average SAT score of 1360 . The revised curriculum eliminated Advanced Placement classes and installed Advanced classes , courses unique to St. Mark 's which , depending on the course itself , may or may not align with the College Board 's Advanced Placement classes .
Programs
St. Mark 's offers several unique programs to its students and others affiliated with the school . The programs are as follows :
Lion Term
St. Mark 's Saturdays
Gray Colloquium
LEO : Official Academic Journal
STEM Fellowship
Global Citizenship
Career Day
Facilities
Notable in the Thayer vision was the cloister-style construction of the school , with interconnected buildings forming an architectural ensemble in which the entire school was essentially under one roof , in many cases with dorms on the upper floors of the buildings and classrooms and other academic halls in the lower floors . Because of this , the school touts the `` school under one roof '' concept as a unique strength , though more recent buildings no longer fit that criterion .
The school as it appeared in the early 1950s is portrayed under the name `` St. Bart 's '' in the novel Pnin by Vladimir Nabokov , whose son Dmitri attended the school . Some interior shots of St. Mark 's can be seen in the film School Ties ( 1992 ) , which was filmed at Middlesex School and St. Mark 's .
Athletics
St. Mark 's has historically been strong at ice hockey , and a number of its alumni have gone on to careers in the National Hockey League . The boys ' ice hockey team won NEPSAC Championships in 1992 , 2015 , 2016 ; ISL Eberhart Division Championships in 1976 , 2001 , 2002 , 2003 , 2015 , 2020 , 2022 ; ISL Championships in 1981 , 1982 , 1983 , 1984 , 1985 , 1986 , 1987 , 1988 , 1989 , 1990 , 1991 , 1992 , 1993 , 1994 , 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , 2000 ; and Private School League Championships in 1959 , 1960 , 1961 and 1962 .
In 2006 and 2007 , St. Mark 's boys ' cross-country was the New England Division IV Champion , while the girls ' cross-country team was the runner-up in 2007 . After finishing second in the New Englands in 2008 , 2009 , and 2010 , St. Mark 's boys ' cross-country had an undefeated season in 2011 and went on to win the ISL Championships and New England Division II Championship . St. Mark 's boys ' cross-country replicated this feat in 2013 , capturing the ISL and New England Championships .
St. Mark 's has played the Groton School since 1886 , making it one of the oldest athletic rivalries in the United States .
St. Mark 's has educated a few Olympic athletes , including Truxtun Hare in track and field , Suzanne King in cross-country skiing , Scott Young in ice hockey , Greg Brown in ice hockey , and Chris Sahs in rowing .
The girls ' field hockey team has a history of winning the New England Championships . Teams have won in 1992 , 1997 , 2012 and 2013 .
In 1951 and 1954 the Lions were Private School League champions in basketball . St. Mark 's also won ISL championships in 1972 , 1999 , 2006 , 2008 , 2009 , 2011 , and 2012 , and were New England champions in 1972 , 1973 , 1999 , 2006 , 2008 , 2009 , and 2012 .
Notable alumni
St. Mark 's educated Robert Lowell and Lost Generation literary figure Harry Crosby , both of whom wrote for the school literary magazine as students . Artist William Congdon began painting there . Henry Demarest Lloyd , a notable nineteenth-century progressive and generally considered the father of investigative journalism , studied at St. Mark 's . Astronaut Story Musgrave is an alumnus , but their name was added to the official plaque at a later date . Former CBS news chief and the Nation editor Blair Clark , Washington Post editor Benjamin Bradlee , Harvard professor and Net Impact faculty founder Mark Albion , and more recently comedian Mike Birbiglia , Harvard professor and White House consultant Gregory Ciottone , Motley Fool financial publisher David Gardner , and literary critic Christian Lorentzen are alumni .
References
External links
Private high schools in Massachusetts
Independent School League
Episcopal schools in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1865
Boarding schools in Massachusetts
Schools in Worcester County , Massachusetts
Southborough , Massachusetts
1865 establishments in Massachusetts
The 2020 United States presidential election in Michigan was held on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated . Michigan voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote , pitting the Republican Party 's nominee , incumbent President Donald Trump of Florida , and their running mate , Vice President Mike Pence of Indiana against Democratic Party nominee , former Vice President Joe Biden of Delaware , and their running mate , Senator Kamala Harris of California . Michigan has 16 electoral votes in the Electoral College .
In 2016 , Trump became the first Republican to carry Michigan since 1988 , when George H. W. Bush scored a decisive nationwide win against Michael Dukakis . Throughout the campaign , Biden touted their work on the auto bailout in manufacturing towns outside Detroit . Appearing with United Auto Workers , Biden presented a new proposal to penalize American companies for moving manufacturing and service jobs overseas and then selling their products back in the United States . Polls of Michigan throughout the campaign generally indicated a clear Biden lead . Prior to election day , most news organizations considered Michigan a likely blue state , or a state that Biden was likely to win .
Biden ultimately carried Michigan by a 2.78 % margin . Per exit polls by the Associated Press , Biden 's strength in Michigan came from union households , who composed 21 % of the electorate and supported Biden by 56 % –42 % . Biden was also able to boost minority turnout , consequently winning 93 % of Black American voters . Many voters were also concerned with the COVID-19 pandemic , which had hit the state hard ; 52 % of voters felt the pandemic was not under control at all , and these voters broke for Biden by 82 % –16 % . Trump outperformed their polling average in the state , but it was not enough to win . Michigan marks Biden 's strongest performance in a state that Trump carried in 2016 , even voting to the left of Nevada which Trump failed to carry in said election .
Biden flipped the counties of Leelanau , Kent , and Saginaw and became the first Democrat since Woodrow Wilson in 1916 to win the presidency without winning Bay or Gogebic Counties , the first Democrat since Harry S. Truman in 1948 to win without Monroe County , the first Democrat since John F. Kennedy in 1960 to win without Lake County , the first Democrat since Jimmy Carter in 1976 to win without Calhoun , Isabella , Manistee , Shiawassee , or Van Buren Counties , and the first Democrat since Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1996 to win without winning Macomb or Eaton Counties , respectively .
With Ohio , Florida , and Iowa backing the losing candidate for the first time since 1960 , 1992 , and 2000 respectively , this election established Michigan , Wisconsin , and Pennsylvania as the states with the longest bellwether streak still in effect today . The last time any of them voted against the winning candidate was 2004 , when all three voted for losing Democrat John Kerry .
Michigan weighed in for this election as 1.6 % more Republican than the nation-at-large .
Primary elections
The primary elections were on March 10 , 2020 .
Republican primary
Democratic primary
Bernie Sanders and former Vice President Joe Biden were the two major declared Democratic candidates .
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
2020 polls
2017–2019 polls
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Cory Booker
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Amy Klobuchar
Donald Trump vs. Beto O'Rourke
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump , Joe Biden , and Justin Amash
with Donald Trump , Joe Biden , and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump , Bernie Sanders , and Howard Schultz
with Donald Trump and Generic Democrat
with Donald Trump and Generic Opponent
General election results
By county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Leelanau ( the largest municipality : Greilickville )
Kent ( the largest municipality : Grand Rapids )
Saginaw ( the largest municipality : Saginaw )
By congressional district
Trump won 8 out of the 14 congressional districts in Michigan .
Analysis
Michigan was generally seen as one of the most critical states of the 2020 election ; the state boasts a highly prized 16 electoral votes , and had been part of the blue wall since Bill Clinton won the state in 1992 . It was key to Trump 's surprise victory in 2016 , and the Biden campaign paid heavy attention to the state throughout the campaign , looking to avoid a repeat of Hillary Clinton 's collapse in the northern industrial states .
Biden would carry the state by about 2.8 % ; while Biden ran well behind Barack Obama in their two campaigns , their margin of victory was in-line for a Democratic candidate , only performing slightly worse than John Kerry 's 3.4 % margin in 2004 , and Al Gore 's 5.2 % margin in 2000 , reflecting some of the steady demographic shifts in the state . Many undecided/third-party voters that had been lost by Clinton appeared to return to the Democratic column , giving Biden enough votes to carry the state .
While Michigan returned to the Democratic column with a fairly sizable margin , the state 's internal politics shifted rather dramatically . Trump performed strongly with white voters without a college degree , winning this group by 17 points , and this group made up about 51 % of Michigan 's electorate , cementing the white-working-class shift to the GOP ; with men , this was even more convincing , as Trump carried white men without a college degree by 30 points . On the other hand , there was a significant suburban shift towards the Democrats ; for example , Ottawa County , a suburban county outside of Grand Rapids , has traditionally been a GOP-stronghold in the state ; Biden cut into Trump 's margins here , and Trump carried this county with less than 60 % . Trump held Macomb County , which famously helped them clinch Michigan in 2016 , but carried it by only 8 points , 3 points fewer than in 2016 .
Other demographic patterns remained the same . Biden won 93 % of African-American voters in the state ; consequently , Biden improved from Clinton 's performance in Wayne County , home of Detroit . Biden 's performance among black voters would carry on in other parts of the state ; Biden was able to match Clinton 's performance in Genesee County , and flipped back Saginaw County .
Biden performed strongly with Michigan 's different religious groups ; Biden was able to improve from Clinton in the vote share with Evangelical Michiganders . More importantly , Biden performed strongly with white Catholics , who make up a large portion of Michigan 's electorate . Much of the state 's sizable Muslim and Arab American voters backed Biden in the election , in which their support was seen as being important for helping Biden secure victory in Michigan .
Jeremy W. Peters of The New York Times wrote that `` high Detroit turnout '' was a crucial factor aiding Biden . African Americans in Detroit were a major demographic contributing to Joe Biden winning that state . Trump received 12,600 votes in Detroit proper , an increase from the previous election 's 7,700 . In percentage terms , the shift in Detroit was from Clinton 95–3 to Biden 94–5 , a decreased margin from 92 points in 2016 to 89 in 2020 . Biden saw increases from 2016 in Oakland and Washtenaw counties .
In Oakland County , Biden won 433,982 votes , making up 56.36 % of the votes . The municipalities in Oakland County that majority-voted for Biden versus Trump included Bloomfield Township , Farmington Hills , Madison Heights , Novi , Rochester Hills , Southfield and Troy .
The number of unbalanced votes in Wayne County for 2020 was below the same number for 2016 . On November 23 , 2020 , Michigan certified the results 3–0 , with Norm Shinkle abstaining .
Aftermath
On November 5 , a state judge in Michigan dismissed the Trump campaign 's lawsuit requesting a pause in vote-counting to allow access to observers , as the judge noted that vote-counting had already finished in Michigan . That judge also noted the official complaint did not state `` why '' , `` when , where , or by whom '' an election observer was allegedly blocked from observing ballot-counting in Michigan .
In Antrim County , human error led to a miscount of an unofficial tally of votes for the presidential candidates . The error was caused by a worker using different kinds of ballots when setting up ballot scanners and result-reporting systems , therefore mismatched results were produced . The errors were spotted and rectified , thus the unofficial tally was changed from a Biden victory in the county to a Trump victory .
Despite pressure from the Trump campaign to hand the decision over the state 's presidential electors to the Michigan State Legislature , which would have been an unprecedented maneuver in state history , the statewide results were certified in favor of the Biden/Harris ticket on November 23 , with one Republican member of the Michigan Board of State Canvassers abstaining .
See also
United States presidential elections in Michigan
Presidency of Joe Biden
2020 Michigan elections
2020 United States elections
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
Voter samples and additional candidates
References
Further reading
. ( Describes 2016 political geography of Detroit ; Detroit suburbs ; the Middle ; the Thumb ; the West ; Upper Peninsula and North )
. ( Describes bellwether Kent County , Michigan )
External links
( State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
Michigan
2020
Presidential
The North Pike School District is a public school district based in Summit , Mississippi ( USA ) .
In addition to Summit , the district also serves rural areas in northern Pike County . It is considered superior to South Pike by many as North Pike is the only public school in Pike County that does require students to wear uniforms .
Schools
North Pike High School
North Pike Middle School
North Pike Elementary School
North Pike Upper Elementary School
North Pike Career and Technical Center
North Pike Superintendent 's Office
Demographics
2006-07 school year
There were a total of 2,097 students enrolled in the North Pike School District during the 2006–2007 school year . The gender makeup of the district was 50 % female and 50 % male . The racial makeup of the district was 31.66 % African American , 67.29 % White , 0.29 % Hispanic , 0.57 % Asian , and 0.19 % Native American . 42.9 % of the district 's students were eligible to receive free lunch .
Athletics
Sports at North Pike include Football ( Varsity and jr varsity ) , Basketball ( Jags and Lady Jags ) , Baseball , Fast Pitch Softball , Bowling , Cross Country , Soccer , Golf , Track and Field , Tennis , Dance , and Cheer for middle school or higher .
Programs
North Pike also offers the NPSD Dropout prevention program that gives students a second chance and more activities to finish their courses to prevent dropping out.Also a Jag to Jag program is offered to help younger students
Previous school years
Accountability statistics
See also
List of school districts in Mississippi
References
9.http : //www.npsd.k12.ms.us/UserFiles/Servers/Server_596388/File/Federal % 20Programs/Dropout % 20Plan % 20 % 202015-2016.pdf
External links
Education in Pike County , Mississippi
School districts in Mississippi
Bahrain Cycling Academy is a Bahraini UCI Continental cycling team founded in 2017 . The team support the next generation of Bahrain cyclists , in order to improve them to the world top level .
Team roster
Major results
2018
Stage 3 Tour d'Algérie , Axel Costa
Stage 6 Tour d'Algérie , Ali Nouisri
References
External links
UCI Continental Teams ( Asia )
Cycling teams established in 2017
Cycling teams based in Bahrain
This Bank was probably founded in 1802 . It was established in Pembrokeshire , with a branch at Milford ( Milford Haven ) and was one of the banks founded as a result of the Bank of England stopping cash payments in 1797 .
History
The Bank was operated by the partnership of Charles Philipps , Thomas Philipps & Co . They were members of the Philipps family of St Brides , Pembrokeshire as indicated by the spelling of their surname , and also the heraldic emblem and motto on the banknotes .
Samuel Levi Philips , the founder of the Haverfordwest Bank , was one of the promoters of the Milford and Pembrokeshire Bank and in their will they bequeathed the sum of £1000 to their first son , Philip Philips , ‘ advanced as my part of the capital joint stock in the new Milford Bank , as one of the co-partners therein . ' This bank was probably the Milford and Pembrokeshire Bank . However , it was their second son , Nathaniel Philips of Slebech , who became the ‘ mainstay ' of the Bank . They were Thomas Philipps brother in law .
The Bank ran into trouble due to the apparent incompetence of Thomas Philipps . They became involved in unsuccessful banking and trading ventures , and the bank also got entangled in Pembrokeshire politics As a result , the Bank collapsed in July 1810 , fifteen years before the Panic of 1825 , with outstanding banknotes in the sum of £22,289 .
Emigration
After the Bank 's collapse , Thomas Philipps , then aged 44 , together with their wife and seven children , emigrated to South Africa at the head of a group of Pembrokeshire families , comprising 47 persons in all . They sailed in the ‘ Kennersley Castle ' from Bristol , in 1819 , and reached Table Bay in March 1820 , settling on an arm of the Bush River , at a place which Philipps called Lampeter , and which was later erroneously called New Bristol .
banknotes
The banknotes state that they were issued for value received at Milford ( Milford Haven ) , thus indicating that the Bank premises were in that town .
Other Pembrokeshire banks
Other Pembrokeshire banks include : Haverfordwest Bank , J. Dunn & Co. , Tenby , Union Bank ( Pembrokeshire ) , Milford Bank , Pembrokeshire Bank , and Lock , Hulme & Co .
References
External links
History of Thomas Philipps of Milford
Defunct banks of Wales
Milford Haven
19th-century establishments in Wales
Jackie Kazarian ( ) , is an American painter , video artist , and installation artist of Armenian descent .
Life
Ancestors
Jackie Kazarian 's grandfathers , Abram Bedrosian ( Adana ) and Kazar Kazarian ( Tadem ) , both left Western Armenia before 1915 , they were from Sivas , Marash , Tadem and Adana . Jachie 's grandmother , Mariam Betlezian 's father was a linguist professor and was taken and killed by Ottoman soldiers . Mariam 's mother feared that their teen daughter would be abducted and/or enslaved , so placed them in an orphanage before they fled with their younger children . Mariam eventually left the orphanage to become an immigrant bride and lived their life in Waukegan , Illinois .
Jachie 's grandmother , Elmas Shahinian , was well-educated and came from a wealthy family in Sivas . Them grandfather owned a flour mill in Sivas , and lived with 22 family members and servants in a house that is now a post office . When the home was confiscated by Ottoman soldiers , most of their family members were killed , but their father and uncle were spared for a while to run the mill . Eventually , they were also killed . Elmas became a young manager of a Sivas orphanage and went back to their home every week to give piano lessons to the Turkish captain 's wife in exchange for flour to feed their mother and brother , who were living on the street . They eventually emigrated to the U.S. with them and lived the rest of their life in Milwaukee , WI .
Education
Jackie Kazarian was born in Chicago . They have studied at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago . In 1981 they graduated from Duke University , Durham , North Carolina , 1989 -Chicago Art Institute . 1984–1990 they worked in Encyclopædia Britannica , 1988 – 2005 at Chicago Art Institute։
Project 1915
In 2015 to promote awareness of the culture and the tragedy , Jackie created their work Armenia ( Hayasdan ) for the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide . The painting is oriented in a way to reflect the view of Ararat and the names of the cities as if one is standing in historic Armenia and looking east . The orientation also refers to the ancient Christian maps ( called TO maps ) , with east at the top of the map , north to the left . The needle lace used in the painting and the praying hands at the base of the painting is from Jachie 's grandmother , Mariam Betlezian , who was from Marash . The work will be displayed for the first time in Chicago 's Mana Contemporary from April 17 to May 29 .
Exhibitions
2012 Jackie Kazarian , Bellvitge Art , Hospitalet de Llobregat , Barcelona , Spain
2010 Expect Nothing : New Works by Jackie Kazarian , Chicago Cultural Center
Jackie Kazarian , Damascus , Syria
Jackie Kazarian , Lattakia , Syria
2009 Jackie Kazarian , Union League Club of Chicago
2008 Jackie Kazarian , exhale , Alfedena Gallery , Chicago
Jackie Kazarian : breath , Stubbs , Chicago
Jackie Kazarian , The Artist Project , Artropolis , Chicago
2007 Jackie Kazarian , The Artist Project , Artropolis , Chicago
2006 Focus 5 , Illinois State Museum Gallery , Chicago
Gebben Gray Gallery , Fennville , MI
2004 Do n't Blink , Three Arts Club , Chicago
1998 From Mariam 's kitchen—the wallpaper series , Boyadjian Gallery ,
AGBU Alex Manoogian Center , Pasadena , California
1996 Jackie Kazarian , The Garden Wall Papers , Klein Art Works , Chicago
1994 Klein Art Works , Chicago
1993 55 Mercer , New York City
Klein Art Works , Chicago
1991 Klein Art Works , Chicago
1935 Gallery , Chicago
Awards
2010 Visiting Artist , United States Embassy , Damascus , Syria
2008 Fellowship , Ellen Stone Belic Institute for the Study of Women & Gender in the Arts & Media , Columbia College , Chicago .
1996–2004 Advisory Board , Department of Cultural Affairs , Chicago
1998–2004 Exhibition Advisory Committee , Department of Cultural Affairs , Chicago
1997–2004 Grants Panelist ( Chair ) , City Arts Program , City of Chicago
1991 Community Artist Assistance Program Grant , City of Chicago
Bibliography
Waxman , Lori . `` Jackie Kazarian : Con Abrazos , Abraçades , Hugs , '' catalog essay , 2012 .
Waxman , Lori . `` Stormy Weather , Antarctic Dreams , '' Chicago Tribune , September 3 , 2010 .
Darrell Roberts , `` Jackie Kazarian Mammoth Abstraction @ the Chicago Cultural Center , '' artexaminer.com ,
Paul Klein , artletter.com , July 9 , 2010 .
Karissa Lang , `` Jackie Kazarian at Alfadena Gallery , '' Newcity Chicago , March 27 , 2008 .
Lauren Weinberg , `` Focus 5 , '' Time Out Chicago , December 14–27 , 2006 .
Leah Pietrusiak , `` The Seldoms at Flatfile Galleries , '' Time Out Chicago , October 12–18 .
Tony Sarabia , `` Copyright , '' interview at Public Domain for Chicago Public Radio , May 21 , 2004 .
Not Just Another Pretty Face ( catalogue ) , Hyde Park Art Center , Chicago .
Alan Artner , `` Preserving passing cultures , Momento Mori . '' Chicago Tribune , July 12 , 2002 .
Richard Christiansen , `` Memory lane joyfully leads to local libraries . '' Chicago Tribune ,
January 20 , 2002 .
Peter F. Spooner , Botanica : Contemporary Art and the World of Plants , ( catalogue ) , 1991 , Tweed Museum of Art ,
University of Minnesota , Deluth
Lynn Van Matre , `` At Hindsdale show , art is full bloom . '' Chicago Tribune , April 19 , 2001
Phil Smith , `` Interior spaces still lives , '' Dialogue , September/October 2000 .
Laura Stoland , `` Interior spaces still lives . '' New Art Examiner , September 2000 .
Alison J. Hatcher . Interior Spaces Still Lives . ( catalogue ) , 2000 , McLean County Arts Center , Bloomington , Illinois
Janet Samuelian , `` AGBU presents Chicago innovator , artist Jackie Kazarian . '' The Armenian Reporter International ,
August 8 , 1998 .
`` Openings . '' Art and Antiques . December 1994 .
Michael Muster , `` Jackie Kazarian . '' New Art Examiner , April 1992 .
Kathryn Hixson , `` Chicago in review . '' New Art Examiner , March 1992 .
David McCracken , `` Jackie Kazarian marks a good beginning . '' Chicago Tribune , Dec.27,1991 .
Michael Bonesteel , `` Ex-zoologist makes organic art . '' Lake Forester , January 24 , 1991 .
See also
List of Armenian artists
List of Armenian women artists
References
External links
Official page
1915–2015 : A Perpetual Reminder of Survival
20th-century American painters
Armenian painters
American women painters
Armenian women painters
Living people
People from Chicago
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American people of Armenian descent
21st-century American painters
20th-century American women
21st-century American women
Sele , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Jernigan is the 1991 debut novel by David Gates . The book received widespread critical acclaim , drawing comparisons to Richard Yates , Joseph Heller , and Frederick Exley . Jernigan was a finalist for the 1992 Pulitzer Prize in Fiction .
Plot summary
Peter Jernigan , the eponymous narrator , is an alcoholic widower in their late 30s who tells the darkly comic story of their attempts to raise their teenage son Danny in the suburbs of New Jersey in the year following the suicide of their wife . When Jernigan begins an affair with Martha , the mother of Danny 's girlfriend and a self-styled `` suburban survivalist '' who breeds rabbits in their basement , their drinking turns harder and their life begins to spiral completely out of control .
Critical reception
Reviewing the novel for The New York Times , critic Michiko Kakutani wrote , `` The minute they start talking , Peter Jernigan , the narrator of David Gates 's astonishing first novel , grabs you by the lapels and compels you to listen to the sad-funny-tragic story of their life . Their voice is one of those distinctive , all-American voices : brash , sarcastic , rueful and boyish , all at the same time . They sound like a Holden Caulfield who has grown up to find themselves trapped in a novel by Richard Yates . '' Douglas Seibold of The Chicago Tribune wrote , `` It is a compelling ride , and makes for compelling reading . But it is Jernigan 's voice , the hectoring , profane , desperate voice with which they tell the story of their fall , that is the motivating force . '' Kirkus Reviews wrote that while `` not as wildly lyrical or funny as A Fan 's Notes , it 's nevertheless a frighteningly believable portrait of a self-created hell . '' In reviewing the 2015 UK reissue of Jernigan for The Independent , Doug Johnstone wrote , `` Re-reading Jernigan , I was struck all over again at how brutal and brilliant it is . The author Stuart Evers , in their insightful and passionate foreword to this new edition , claims that it deserves to be rediscovered in a similar fashion to Stoner or Revolutionary Road . While I agree with that sentiment entirely , Jernigan feels like a more powerful piece of writing than those books , a howl into the abyss , a very modern American rage against the indignities of life and death . ''
Awards and honors
1992 Pulitzer Prize in Fiction ( Finalist )
References
Tragicomedy
1991 American novels
1991 debut novels
Vintage Books books
James Michael Hussey ( 27 May 1880 – 24 August 1950 ) was a New Zealand cricketer . They played first-class cricket for Auckland , Hawke 's Bay and Otago between 1901 and 1908 .
In Auckland 's victory over Hawke 's Bay in 1905–06 Hussey top-scored in each inning , making 74 not out and 40 not out . They played for Rangitikei and Wanganui in the Hawke Cup from 1911 to 1924 , taking 7 for 24 in the second innings when Wanganui defeated South Auckland to take the trophy for the first time in December 1913 .
Hussey worked for the Customs service until 1908 when they went to Wellington to enter the legal profession . They were admitted as a solicitor on 13 March 1908 . They practised in Hunterville in the Rangitikei region before moving to Wanganui in 1912 .
They died in Wanganui in September 1950 , survived by their wife and their two sons and a daughter .
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
List of Auckland representative cricketers
References
External links
1880 births
1950 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
20th-century New Zealand lawyers
Auckland cricketers
Hawke 's Bay cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
The Bullet Monoplane or Alexander Eaglerock Bullet was a low wing cabin monoplane that was a departure from traditional biplane aircraft of the era .
Design and development
The Bullet was built at the beginning of the Great Depression . Company owner J Don Alexander said they were inspired by ducks tucking in their legs to build a retractable landing gear-equipped aircraft . The aircraft experienced stability problems in spin testing , killing two pilots . Few orders were delivered .
The Bullet was a low wing , cabin aircraft with retractable conventional landing gear . The fuselage was constructed with welded steel tubing and the wings were constructed with wooden spars and ribs , both with aircraft fabric covering .
Operational history
An Alexander Eaglerock Bullet competed in the 1929 National Air Races . Female pilot Jessie `` Chubbie '' Keith-Miller won two transcontinental air races piloting an Alexander Eaglerock Bullet .
Variants
'' Data from : Aerofiles
Eaglerock Bullet C-1
Powered by a Wright J-6 Whirlwind
Eaglerock Bullet C-3
Powered by a Kinner K-5
Eaglerock Bullet C-4
Powered by a Wright J-6 5-cylinder radial ( optional Comet 7-E or Axelson-Floco B )
Eaglerock Bullet C-5
Powered by a Wright J-6 5-cylinder radial ( optional Comet 7-E or Axelson-Floco B )
Eaglerock Bullet C-7
Aerodynamically improved - ATC # 318 issued on 6 May 1930 .
Specifications ( C-7 Bullet )
References
External links
Bullet Project
Low-wing aircraft
Karadana , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Gilbertiodendron preussii is a species of tree in the family Fabaceae , native to tropical rain forests in West Africa . It is commonly known as the Liberian red oak .
Description
Gilbertiodendron preussii is a medium to large tree reaching a height of up to . The trunk is cylindrical , with a diameter of up to , the lower two thirds usually being devoid of branches . The timber is used for construction , flooring and railway sleepers . It is also used for making canoes , furniture , tool handles and joinery .
References
preussii
Flora of Liberia
Baron Inverclyde , of Castle Wemyss in the County of Renfrew , was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom . It was created in 1897 for the Scottish shipowner Sir John Burns , 2nd Baronet . The Baronetcy had been created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom in 1889 for George Burns . The titles became extinct on the death without issue of the fourth Baron in 1957 .
Burns of Wemyss Bay , Baronets ( 1889 )
Sir George Burns , 1st Baronet ( 1795–1890 )
Sir John Burns , 2nd Baronet ( 1829–1901 ) Created Baron Inverclyde
Barons Inverclyde ( 1897 )
John Burns , 1st Baron Inverclyde ( 1829–1901 )
George Arbuthnot Burns , 2nd Baron Inverclyde ( 1861–1905 )
James Cleland Burns , 3rd Baron Inverclyde ( 1864–1919 )
( John ) Alan Burns , 4th Baron Inverclyde ( 1897–1957 )
References
Book cited
Extinct baronies in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Noble titles created in 1897
Didu may refer to :
Didu ( woreda ) , a woreda ( district ) in Oromia Region , Ethiopia
Didu , Iran , a village in Chahardangeh Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran
Didu , Guangdong ( 地都 ) , a town in Rongcheng District , Jieyang , Guangdong , China
See also
Yue opera , a Chinese opera genre , formerly known as Didu song ( 的篤班 )
Hector de Castro ( 1849 – January 30 , 1909 ) was an Ottoman born American business person and diplomat .
Born in Constantinople , de Castro was educated in Paris and Vienna . They 're emigrating to the United States and was naturalized in 1885 . They became Vice President of the American Cable Company . Resigned from American Cable Company in 1890 to accept position as Secretary of the Intercontinental Railroad Commission In 1890 , de Castro married Grace Aldrich of New York . The couple had no children .
In 1897 , de Castro was appointed United States General Consul in Rome . Mrs. de Castro died in January 1908 and de Castro transferred to the General Consul position in Zurich in June the same year .
De Castro died from nephritis on January 30 , 1909 . They were buried in Rome .
References
1849 births
1909 deaths
American diplomats
19th-century American businesspeople
George Hall , M.L.C. , ( 2 March 1811 – 28 January 1867 ) often styled `` Captain Hall '' , was a South Australian shipping agent , company director and politician .
They were born at Bromley , Kent and left school at an early age to become a merchant seaman , and later captained ships on the East Indian and West Indian trade routes . Their involvement with the South Australian Company began when David McLaren , manager of the South Australian Company , controversially contracted them to transport goods for the Company from Singapore to Port Adelaide in the `` Guiana '' , becoming , on 7 October 1840 , the first to unload goods at the new wharf .
Business
In 1844 they returned to South Australia on the `` Taglioni '' , and started a business salt-curing beef using a setup of their own design . They worked for a time on a cattle property near Angaston then set up a shipping business in Port Adelaide ; the ships they represented included `` David Malcolm '' , `` Punch '' and `` Velocity '' .
They were on the committee of the South Australian Railway Company which in 1849 amalgamated with the Adelaide City and Port Railway Company and subsequently folded . It would appear the shareholders lost their money .
They were on the committee of the Chamber of Commerce from its first AGM in 1851 to 1860 and chairperson 1856 – 57
They were a director on the board of several mining companies , notably , from 1851 , the South Australian Mining Association , owners of the Burra Burra mine . They were founder ( with J. C. Verco , Philip Santo , F. H. Faulding and a few others ) of the Kurilla mine near Wallaroo , purchased in 1863 .
They were a founder , with Henry Ayers , F. H. Faulding and a dozen others in 1861 , of the South Australian Gas Company .
Politics
In July , 1851 they were elected to the South Australia 's first parliament for the seat of Port Adelaide , their opponent being William Giles , manager of the South Australian Company . They submitted their resignation in July 1853 around the same time as that of J. T. Bagot , forcing the prorogation of parliament , and travelled to Great Britain , returning in August 1854 .
In March 1857 they were elected to the newly formed Legislative Council , and remained a member until their death .
Personal
Mrs Hall arrived in South Australia on the `` Guiana '' with their husband in 1840 . The last newspaper reference to Mrs Hall in Adelaide was in March 1866 so they may have left some time between then and 1867 when their house had been let . Them last years were spent in England ; living at Notting Hill but dying around 25 October 1888 at St. Leonards-on-Sea . They had no children .
From 1857 , or perhaps earlier , they were the owner of `` Woodside House '' , a 15-room home on 20 acres on Fullarton Road , Upper Mitcham which they irrigated , and which was later incorporated into Peter Waite 's `` Urrbrae '' .
Banker Nathaniel Oldham ( died 20 June 1888 at Semaphore ) and family lived there from around 1867 to 1873 or later .
It served as home and schoolhouse for the Rev . W. H. Mudie from 1876 to 1883 .
Suffering ill-health , they travelled to England but returned without the improvement they had hoped for . They died at Woodside House in January 1867 and was buried at West Terrace Cemetery .
Their estate included `` Wongyarra '' , 320 acres of farmland near Mount Remarkable , and substantial warehouses and offices on Lipson Street and Divett Street , Port Adelaide .
George 's brothers Robert Liddell Hall ( ca.1809 – 5 March 1864 ) and Anthony Hall ( ca.1813 – 23 August 1880 ) followed them to South Australia , Robert living at The Grange , Goodwood Road and Anthony at the Semaphore . Robert 's son George Liddell Hall made newspaper headlines when they disappeared off Glenelg jetty on 5 January 1891 .
Recognition
Hall Street , Port Adelaide , near where they owned considerable property was probably named for him .
Mount Hall in the Northern Territory ( ) was named for them by John McDouall Stuart in 1861 .
The Hundred of Hall was named for him , and possibly the town of Halbury , located within that Hundred in the Mid North of South Australia .
References
Members of the South Australian Legislative Council
1811 births
1867 deaths
19th-century Australian politicians
Janet S Butel is the Chairman and Distinguished Service Professor in the molecular virology and microbiology department at Baylor College of Medicine . Them area of expertise is on polyomavirus pathogenesis of infections and disease . They have more than 120 publications on PubMed . They also have 6 publications in Nature , which is considered one of the most prestigious science journals . They are a member of 9 different organizations and has 13 honors and awards .
Education
Butel received their Bachelor of Science degree from Kansas State University in June 1963 . They then went on to get their Ph.D. in virology at Baylor College of Medicine in June 1966 . After they received their PhD they did a Post-Doctoral Fellowship in virology at Baylor College of Medicine .
Research contributions
Butel has studied polyomavirus SV40 infection in humans and animals for most of their career . They have published studies on the mechanism of SV40 entry into human cells , the role of SV40 in cancer and SV40 genetics . In addition , Butel published an article in 2014 on the use of microRNA and SV40 in golden hamsters . The golden hamster is the animal model that SV40 has been studied in and has provided evidence of its pathogenesis in tumor forming cancer . The animal model has been used to research the development of this virus in humans , but can not conclude any definitive pathogenesis of SV40 in humans . Thus there is controversy over the exact impact of SV40 on human health . Butel 's research indicates that SV40 may play a role in some human cancers , such as brain tumors and non-Hodgkin lymphoma .
In the 1990s Dr. Butel discovered the role of P53 in the pathogenesis of SV40 and oncogenesis . By discovering the role of P53 in SV40 they were able to support the research being conducted on P53 as a tumor-suppressor gene . This was perhaps the most important research of their career .
Dr. Butel has also studied the role of the polio vaccine and in human SV40 infection and integration of SV40 into our DNA . It was found that some vaccines contained pieces of SV40 genes . It is suspected that by incorporating SV40 into the vaccine allowed it to enter into our own DNA . Butel has published studies on topics other than SV40 . They have studied the immunology of women going into spaceflight , specifically cytokines and antibodies . Butel also researched hepatitis B and the role it plays in DNA repair . Dr. Butel has also contributed to higher education and is a coauthor of a medical microbiology textbook that has been used for over 50 years and in medical colleges around the world . Dr. Butel has over 120 publications with over 10,000 citations , according to Google scholar .
Honors and awards
American Association for the Advancement of Science Fellow in 1988 .
Distinguished Service Professor at Baylor College of Medicine
In 1997 they were in the Texas A & M University Press as a Woman Pioneer in Texas Medicine
Recipient of the Distinguished Alumnus of the Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences Award in 2002
Kansas State University Alumni Fellow
Recipient of the American Association for Cancer Research-Women in Cancer Research-Charlotte Friend Memorial Lectureship
Kyle and Josephine Morrow Chair in Molecular Virology and Microbiology at Baylor College of Medicine
BioHouston Women in Science Award
Honoree at the Hearts of Gold : Honoring Women in Health and Medical Science Gala
The Joseph L. Melnick Professor of Virology at Baylor College of Medicine
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American virologists
Baylor College of Medicine faculty
Kansas State University alumni
Baylor College of Medicine alumni
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
The Ministry of Justice is the justice ministry of the government of Egypt . Its headquarters are in Cairo .
Profile
On 17 June 2014 Mahfouz Saber was appointed minister of justice .
On 20 May 2015 Ahmed El-Zend was appointed as minister of justice and
was reappointed on 19 September 2015 , but on 14 March 2016 , they were removed from their post by Egyptian Prime Minister , Sherif Ismail , for making controversial comments .
On 23 March Mohamed Hossam Abdel Rahim was named minister of justice .
List of ministers
Mohammed Sabri Abu Alam ( 1942-1944 )
Mohamed Ali Rushdie ( 1952 )
Ahmed Hosni ( 1952-1961 )
Nihad Al-Qasim ( 1961 )
Fathi Al-Sharqawi ( 1961-1964 )
Badawi Ibrahim Hamouda ( 1964-1965 )
Essam El Din Hassouna ( 1965-1968 )
Mohamed Abu Nusair ( 1968-1969 )
Mustafa Kamel Ismail ( 1969-1970 )
Hassan Fahmi al-Badawi ( 1970-1971 )
Mohamed Mohamed Salama ( 1971-1973 )
Fakhri Mohamed Abdel Nabi ( 1973-1974 )
Mustafa Abu Zeid Fahmi ( 1974-1975 )
Adel Younis ( 1975-1976 )
Ahmed Sameeh Talaat ( 1976-1978 )
Ahmed Mamdouh Attia ( 1978 )
Ahmed Ali Moussa ( 1978-1979 )
Anwar Abdel Fattah Abu Sahli ( 1979-1981 )
Ahmed Sameer Sami ( 1981-1982 )
Ahmed Mamdouh Attia ( 1982-1987 )
Farouk Seif Al Nasr ( 1987-2004 )
Mahmoud Abul Leil ( 2004-2006 )
Mamdouh Marei ( 2006-2011 )
Mohamed Abdel Aziz Al Jundi ( 2011 )
Adel Abdul Hamid ( 2011-2012 )
Ahmed Mekki ( 2012-2013 )
Ahmed Suleiman ( 2013 )
Adel Abdel Hamid ( 2013-2014 )
Nair Othman ( 2014 )
Mahfouz Saber ( 2014-2015 )
Ahmed Al Zind ( 2015-2016 )
Mohamed Hossam ( 2016–2018 or 19 )
Omar Marawan ( 2018 or 2019 to present )
See also
Cabinet of Egypt
Justice ministry
Politics of Egypt
References
External links
Ministry of Justice official website
Egypt 's Cabinet Database
Year of establishment missing
Justice
Egypt
Jess Bourke , better known as JessB , is a rapper and former professional netballer from Auckland , New Zealand . They have released two EPs ( Bloom and New Views ) and won Best New Zealand Act at the 2019 MTV Europe Music Awards .
Discography
Mixtapes
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Notes
Awards and nominations
APRA Awards
The APRA Awards are presented annually from 1982 by the Australasian Performing Right Association ( APRA ) , `` honouring composers and songwriters '' . They commenced in 1982 .
!
|-
| 2021
| `` Meditjin '' ( Danzal Baker , Jess Bourke , Dion Brownfield , Jerome Farah , Dallas Woods )
| Song of the Year
|
|
|-
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual award ceremony event celebrating the Australian music industry . They commenced in 1987 .
!
|-
! scope= '' row '' rowspan= '' 2 '' | 2020
| rowspan= '' 2 '' | `` Meditjin '' ( with Baker Boy )
| ARIA Award for Best Hip Hop Release
|
| rowspan= '' 2 '' |
|-
| ARIA Award for Best Video
|
| }
References
New Zealand rappers
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Sony Music New Zealand artists
The Challenge is an American reality television show , which was spun off from the reality shows The Real World and Road Rules . Contestants compete against one another individually , in pairs , or in teams to win cash prizes . First airing in 1998 , there have been a total of 36 seasons aired and the show has been filmed on six different continents . The Challenge airs on MTV and is hosted by T. J. Lavin .
Contestants on the show are a combination of alumni from seasons of various reality televisions shows , including The Real World , Road Rules , Are You the One ? , Big Brother , and Ex on the Beach , along with contestants who debuted directly on The Challenge with one of its two Fresh Meat seasons or the Battle of the Bloodlines season . Prior to the twelfth season , Fresh Meat , contestants had only been from The Real World and Road Rules . The 26th season , was the first to feature contestants from Are You the One ? The 31st season , was the first to feature contestants from Big Brother , Ex on the Beach , and Geordie Shore . There has also been one contestant who originated from a special mini-series that aired during MTV 's Spring Break programming block in 2010 , titled Spring Break Challenge . Contestants are regularly brought back for multiple seasons and use their veteran status along with relationships with other returnees to their advantage .
Contestants
Seasons 1–10
Seasons 11–20
Seasons 21–30
Seasons 31–present
Table key
Key : = Contestant 's first appearance on a season of The Challenge .
See also
List of The Real World cast members
References
General
Real World/Road Rules Challenge
Gauntlet 2
< li >
Citations
Challenge ( TV series ) contestants , The
Seven Deadly Sins Four Deadly Sinners is an anthology-style play compiled and written by Carry On ... writer Norman Hudis and producer Marc Sinden , who is also the director . It was originally devised by Sinden as a female rival to the RSC 's The Hollow Crown and was the first anthology to have a permanent 'pool ' of actores from which four appear for the performance .
It has toured in the UK since 15 June 2003 ( premiering at the Princess Theatre , Hunstanton , Norfolk ) and is produced all over Europe and throughout the rest of the world by Marc Sinden Productions . Internationally , it has been performed at the British Theatre Season , Monaco ; the Holder 's Festival , Barbados ; on Guernsey ( one of the Channel Islands ) and is currently on an 18-month tour of Australia and New Zealand .
It is billed as : `` An anthology evening of Wicked Comedy , Heavenly Drama , Devilishly Tall Tales , Enchanting Poetry and Seductive Stories starring Four Deadly Beautiful Temptresses , who will enlighten you on how to survive , or even live by , the Seven Deadly Sins ! ''
Cast
Compiled from the works of nearly everyone with a sense of humour ( sometimes unintentional ) - from Chaucer to Victoria Wood , from Woody Allen to Oscar Wilde via Flanders & Swann , Joyce Grenfell , Steven Berkoff and Noël Coward , it stars four from the following alphabetically listed , interchangeable cast :
Lysette Anthony
Debbie Arnold
Jane Asher
Samantha Beckinsale
Tara Blaise
Judy Buxton
Tracey Childs
Sara Crowe
Lorna Dallas
Janie Dee
Serena Evans
Jan Francis
Liza Goddard
Anita Harris
Sue Holderness
Belinda Lang
Caroline Langrishe
Rula Lenska
Annabel Leventon
Cherie Lunghi
Nichola McAuliffe
Kerry Norton
Eva Pope
Linda Purl
Georgia Reece
Liz Robertson
Twiggy
Joanne Whalley
References
2003 plays
Comedy plays
Literature about literature
Plays by Norman Hudis
Plays by Marc Sinden
Seven deadly sins in popular culture
Beydili is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Sambro Creek is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The Trinidad to Clam Beach Run began in the 60s in Humboldt County , CA as an 8.75 mile winter training race for track and field athletes attending Humboldt State University . The event grew into a nationally known run and added a 3 mile and 5 ¾ mile race . A half marathon was added in 2002 , but has since been discontinued , until 2017 when the half marathon a resumed .
The Run starts 3 miles north of Trinidad , California on Patrick 's Point Drive . It continues through town , down Scenic Drive to Moonstone Beach and then on to Clam Beach . Crossing the mouth of the Little River at Moonstone Beach is a dramatic feature of the course . The height of the tide on either the last Saturday of January or the first Saturday of February determines the Run 's date and start time . The final leg is on Clam Beach .
The Trinidad to Clam Beach Run is sponsored by the Greater Trinidad Chamber of Commerce . Profits from the Run support the Chamber 's scholarship fund .
In 2014 the race was on Saturday , January 25 .
External links
Trinidad to Clam Beach Run
Greater Trinidad Chamber of Commerce
References
Clam Beach Run a Big Hit ( 2008-02-02 ) Eureka Reporter . Accessed : 2008-10-26 . ( Archived by WebCite at https : //www.webcitation.org/5brt18JYQ )
Tourist attractions in Humboldt County , California
Foot races in California
1960s establishments in California
Cal Poly Humboldt Lumberjacks
Recurring sporting events established in the 1960s
The 2016 Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino is the tenth staging of the competition . The competition started on August 24 , 2016 , and concluded on October 26 , 2016 . 32 clubs of all regions of Brazil participated of the cup , which was organized by the Brazilian Football Confederation ( CBF ) .
It was the last staging of the competition , as it was abolished the next year .
Competition format
The competition is contested by 32 clubs in a knock-out format where all rounds are played over two legs and the away goals rule was used , but in the first two rounds , if the away team won the first leg with an advantage of at least three goals , the second leg would not be played and the club automatically qualified to the next round .
Participating teams
a. Audax joined a partnership with Corinthians to participate in the 2016 edition of the competition , thus being represented by them .
Table
In italics , the home teams in the first legs of each round .
b. Barcelona and União were excluded from the competition after fielding ineligible players .
Final
References
External links
Official website
2016
2016 domestic association football cups
2016 in Brazilian women 's football
Champagne Waltz is a 1937 American comedy film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and starring Gladys Swarthout , Fred MacMurray and Jack Oakie . It is one of five movies produced by Paramount in the 1930s featuring Swarthout , a very popular Metropolitan Opera mezzo-soprano . The studio was attempting to build on the popularity of Grace Moore , another opera singer , who had also expanded their talents into movies . The film 's sets were designed by the art director Ernst Fegté working with Hans Dreier . The costume designer was Travis Banton .
Production
This is a light musical with elements of screwball comedy . It documents the rivalry between a Vienna Waltz studio and the American jazz band that moves in next door . Franz Strauss is stressed because their waltz palace is losing business to the jazz club . Fred MacMurray is the trumpet-playing headliner . They pretend to be the US Consul when they encounter Swarthout , the daughter of the waltz studio owner . They change the story to be an icebox salesperson in order to continue wooing Swarthout . Meanwhile , Oakie is falling for a countess who sold them a fake silver service .
Reception
Time gave the movie a poor review as a `` heavy-handed musical naively designed to combine the best features of jazz with those of the Viennese waltz . ''
Cast
Gladys Swarthout as Elsa Strauss
Fred MacMurray as Buzzy Bellew
Jack Oakie as Happy Gallagher
Frank Veloz as Larry
Yolanda Casazza as Anna
Herman Bing as Max Snellinek
Fritz Leiber as Franz Strauss
Vivienne Osborne as Countess Mariska
Frank Forest as Karl Lieberlich
Ernest Cossart as Waiter
Benny Baker as Flip
James Burke as Mr. Scribner
Maude Eburne as Mrs. Scribner
Maurice Cass as Hugo
Guy Bates Post as Lumvedder
Michael Visaroff as Ivanovitch
Rudolph Anders as Emperor Franz Joseph
Stanley Price as Johann Strauss
Tommy Bond as Otto , Singing Student
Carol Adams as Dancer
See also
Rose of the Rancho ( 1936 )
Give Us This Night ( 1936 )
Romance in the Dark ( 1938 )
Ambush ( 1939 )
References
External links
Champagne Waltz
1937 films
1937 musical comedy films
American musical comedy films
Films set in Vienna
Films set in the 1920s
American black-and-white films
Paramount Pictures films
Films directed by A. Edward Sutherland
1930s American films
She 's Funny That Way ( originally titled Squirrels to the Nuts ) is a 2014 screwball comedy film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and co-written with Louise Stratten . It stars Owen Wilson , Imogen Poots , Kathryn Hahn , Will Forte , Rhys Ifans , and Jennifer Aniston . It marked the first feature film Bogdanovich directed in 13 years since The Cat 's Meow and the final non-documentary feature they directed before their death in 2022 .
It received a limited release in the United States and was released through video on demand on August 21 , 2015 , by Lionsgate Premiere .
Plot
Broadway director Arnold Albertson—under the alias `` Derek '' —hires `` Glo Stick '' , a call girl whose real name is Izzy Finklestein , despite being married with two children . Izzy dreams of becoming an actor , and `` Derek '' offers them $ 30,000 to quit being a call girl and pursue their true goal . They are not the first escort they have done this for . Lead actor Seth Gilbert sees Arnold kissing Izzy as they leaf their hotel room .
Arnold 's wife Delta Simmons is the star of their new play A Grecian Evening . Izzy , keeping their promise to `` Derek '' , shows up to audition for a part in the play as a call girl , unaware that Derek/Arnold is the director . Impressed , playwright Joshua Fleet becomes attracted to Izzy and invites them out to dinner , despite the fact that they are dating Jane Claremont , who happens to be Izzy 's therapist . Meanwhile , Judge Pendergast is another client of Izzy 's , and also a patient of Jane . They are obsessed with Izzy , and hires private investigator Harold Fleet , who happens to be Joshua 's father , to follow them
After the auditions , everyone ends up at the same Italian restaurant . Harold sees Izzy with their son Joshua . Jane arrives with their client Judge Pendergast—who both see Joshua with Izzy . Jane punches Joshua in the face and storms out the restaurant , quickly pursued by Judge Pendergast . Izzy sees Arnold and tries to escape out of the bathroom window , but Delta catches them and brings them back into the restaurant . Izzy 's cover is almost blown when Seth arrives with a co-worker of Izzy 's .
Although Arnold is initially unsure , Izzy is eventually given the role . While shopping , Delta discovers that Arnold has been hiring escorts when Margie , another former escort Arnold helped , thanks them profusely and indiscreetly . Joshua learns about Izzy when Judge Pendergast confronts the two of them while they are on a date ; they run off before they can talk to them Arnold invites Izzy back to their hotel room to talk . Delta turns to Seth , who has long professed their love for her , for comfort , but finds another call girl hiding in their bathroom . They then storms into Arnold 's room , only to find Izzy hiding in their bathroom .
Everyone shows up to the first table read the next day , despite the tension . Delta makes a point of kissing Seth passionately while rehearsing . Izzy 's father shows up looking for the men who paid their daughter for sex . Jane shows up to cause a scene , and identifies Arnold , Seth , and Joshua as Izzy 's clients . During the commotion , Seth and Jane catch each other 's eye .
The play opens to great acclaim . In an interview some time later , Izzy says that it closed in a week because wives from Long Island are not interested in seeing a play about call girls . Nevertheless , they caught the attention of a man from Hollywood , and has achieved success as a film actor since . They and Joshua broke up ; they are now dating Quentin Tarantino . Seth and Jane are still dating . Judge Pendergast was arrested for solicitation . Their wife is now dating Harold Fleet . Arnold now works for a charity giving large sums of money to women 's causes .
Cast
Cameo appearances
Tatum O'Neal
Jake Hoffman
Graydon Carter
Quentin Tarantino
Michael Shannon
Production
Development
She 's Funny That Way originated from a script written by director Peter Bogdanovich and ex-wife Louise Stratten around 1999 and 2000 . Bogdanovich and Stratten , who were in financial distress at the time trying to buy back They All Laughed ( 1981 ) , decided to write a comedy to uplift their spirits . While writing the script , Bogdanovich was inspired by an incident in Singapore during the time they were filming Saint Jack in 1978 , where they were able to talk to many prostitutes after hiring them for their film . They would give them more money than their salary for them to leave the prostitution business . The script was originally titled Squirrels to the Nuts , but due to many people misinterpreting it as a children 's film , Bogdanovich changed it to She 's Funny That Way . ( `` Squirrels to the Nuts '' is a line used frequently in the film , lifted from the 1946 film Cluny Brown . ) Bogdanovich originally wrote the role of Arnold Albertson for John Ritter , but due to their death , they shelved the project . Bogdanovich later became friends with Owen Wilson , introduced to them by Wes Anderson , and they decided to change aspects of the character of Albertson : all of the physical gags intended for Ritter were changed to verbal jokes to suit Wilson . In 2010 , Bogdanovich 's protégés—Anderson and Noah Baumbach—offered their backing to get the film made , agreeing to serve as executive producers .
Casting
When the script was originally written , Bogdanovich envisioned John Ritter , Cybill Shepherd and co-writer Louise Stratten in the lead roles . In 2012 , when the film was officially announced , Wilson , Brie Larson , and Olivia Wilde were signed on in lead roles . Larson was to play the call girl-turned-ingenue actor and Wilde would play the role of their therapist . Jason Schwartzman was also rumored to be in negotiations to play Wilde 's playwright boyfriend . Due to production delays , Wilson is the only actor to remain with the project . In February 2013 , it was announced that Jennifer Aniston would replace Wilde in the role of the therapist , the same time Kathryn Hahn , Cybill Shepherd , and Eugene Levy were announced as cast members . Aniston was initially offered the part of Delta Simmons , Arnold Albertson 's wife , but they favored the role of the therapist , in which they were cast . Despite the commencement of filming on July 11 , 2013 , Imogen Poots and Richard Lewis were announced for roles of the ingenue and their father on July 22 , with Will Forte taking the role of a playwright two days later . The same week , the casting of Joanna Lumley , Debi Mazar , Rhys Ifans , Lucy Punch , Ahna O'Reilly , and Jake Hoffman was set .
Filming
Principal photography lasted 29 days , commencing on July 11 , 2013 , in New York City .
Music
On July 15 , 2014 , Edward Shearmur was hired to score the music for the film , replacing Stephen Endelman , who had already recorded music for the film by the time of the announcement .
Release
She 's Funny That Way premiered at the 71st Venice International Film Festival on August 29 , 2014 . On September 12 , it was bought by Clarius Entertainment at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival . A screening at the Tokyo International Film Festival was scheduled for late October . In January 2015 , the film was screened to the Palm Springs International Film Festival .
The film was originally scheduled for a May 1 , 2015 , release in theaters nationwide , but Clarius Entertainment pulled the film from the schedule . However , on June 2 , 2015 , Lionsgate Premiere acquired the film after Clarius Entertainment dropped the film for unknown reasons . The film was released in the United States on August 21 , 2015 , in select theaters and through video on demand .
In 2020 , a copy of Bogdanovich 's original cut of the film , still titled Squirrels to the Nuts , was found on eBay . In the wake of Bogdanovich 's death in January 2022 , the cut was shown at New York 's Museum of Modern Art beginning on March 28 , 2022 .
Reception
The film received mixed reviews from American critics . Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 45 % , based on reviews from 100 critics , with an average rating of 5.30/10 . The site 's critical consensus states : `` She 's Funny That Way is an affectionate , talent-filled throwback to screwball comedies of old—which makes it even more frustrating that the laughs are disappointingly few and far between . '' Metacritic gives the film a score of 45 out of 100 , based on reviews from 25 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .
Accolades
References
External links
2014 films
2014 comedy films
2014 independent films
2010s screwball comedy films
Adultery in films
American independent films
American screwball comedy films
2010s English-language films
Films about actors
Films about playwrights
Films about prostitution in the United States
Films directed by Peter Bogdanovich
Films scored by Edward Shearmur
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
German comedy films
English-language German films
German independent films
2010s American films
2010s German films
Arthur Whitney Ellsworth ( May 31 , 1936 , Manhattan – June 18 , 2011 , Salisbury , Connecticut ) was an American editor and publisher best known as the first publisher of The New York Review of Books .
In 1957 , Ellsworth was President of The Harvard Advocate . After graduating with a bachelor 's degree from Harvard University in 1958 they began their career as an editor at The Atlantic Monthly . In 1963 they became the first publisher of The New York Review of Books ; a post they maintained until their retirement in December 1986 . They thereafter worked as managing partner of the publishing firm The Lakeville Journal Company . In 1979 they founded the London Review of Books . Their first marriage to writer Sallie Bingham ended in divorce .
From 1976 to 1978 , Ellsworth served as chairperson of Amnesty International USA , devising a method of greatly increasing the organization 's size and capabilities by setting up a direct-mail fund-raising operation . They also served as treasurer of the group for several years .
Ellsworth died of pancreatic cancer .
References
1936 births
2011 deaths
American editors
American publishers ( people )
The New York Review of Books
Harvard Advocate alumni
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Astragalus cephalanthus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae .
References
cephalanthus
Sometimes I Wish I Was on a Desert Island ( ) is a Canadian short documentary film , directed by Eli Jean Tahchi and released in 2020 . Part of The Curve , a National Film Board of Canada series of short films on people 's experiences during the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada , the film highlights the unique experiences of gay-identified Muslim men , a group who were already experiencing marginalization and ostracism even before COVID-related lockdowns , using a blend of animation and blurred or cropped footage to protect the identities of the speakers .
The film was a Prix Iris nominee for Best Short Documentary at the 24th Quebec Cinema Awards .
References
External links
2020 films
2020 short films
2020 LGBT-related films
2020 documentary films
Canadian short documentary films
Canadian LGBT-related films
LGBT-related short films
National Film Board of Canada documentaries
National Film Board of Canada short films
Documentary films about LGBT and Islam
Films about the COVID-19 pandemic
English-language Canadian films
French-language Canadian films
Arabic-language Canadian films
2020s Canadian films
Ephraim Ralph Eckley ( December 9 , 1811 – March 27 , 1908 ) was an American Civil War veteran and three-term U.S. Representative from Ohio , serving from 1863 to 1869 .
Early life
Eckley was born near Mount Pleasant , Jefferson County , Ohio but moved with their parents to Hayesville , Ohio in 1816 .
They attended the common schools and was graduated from Vermillion Institute , Hayesville , Ohio . They moved to Carrollton , Ohio in 1833 and taught school .
They studied law under William Johnston and was admitted to the bar in 1836 ; they commenced practice in Carrollton .
They served as member of the State senate 1843-1846 , 1849 , and 1850 but was an unsuccessful candidate for Lieutenant Governor of Ohio in 1851 . They also served in the State house of representatives 1853-1855 but was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1853 to the United States Senate .
They served as delegate to the first Republican National Convention at Philadelphia in 1856 .
Civil War
During the Civil War , Eckley served in the Union Army as the colonel of the 26th Ohio Infantry , and later of the 80th Ohio Infantry . At the end of the war , they were brevetted as a brigadier general and mustered out of the army .
Postbellum
Eckley was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-eighth , Thirty-ninth , and Fortieth Congresses ( March 4 , 1863 – March 3 , 1869 ) but was not a candidate for renomination in 1868 .
They resumed the practice of law in Carrollton , Ohio . They died March 27 , 1908 in Carrollton , Ohio and was interred in Grand View Cemetery .
They married Martha L. Brown and had five children .
See also
Ohio lieutenant gubernatorial elections
References
Retrieved on 2008-10-12
1811 births
1908 deaths
People from Columbiana County , Ohio
People from Carrollton , Ohio
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Ohio state senators
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Union Army generals
Ohio Whigs
19th-century American politicians
People from Ashland County , Ohio
People from Mount Pleasant , Ohio
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The 2018 Georgian Cup was a single elimination association football tournament which began on 16 April 2018 and ended on 25 November 2018 . Chikhura Sachkhere were the defending champions of the tournament after winning the previous season 's cup 4–3 in a penalty shootout over Torpedo Kutaisi .
Format
For the 2018 version of the Georgian Cup , the competition was contested between 78 clubs . Matches which were level after regulation proceeded to extra time and then to penalties , when needed , to decide the winning club .
First round
Thirty first round matches were played on 14–16 April 2018 .
| }
Second round
Sixteen second round matches were played on 8–9 May 2018 .
| }
Third round
Sixteen third round matches were played on 12–14 June 2018 .
| }
Fourth round
Eight fourth round matches were played on 19–20 September 2018 .
| }
Quarter–finals
The quarter–final matches were played on 3 and 24 October 2018 .
| }
Semi–finals
The two semi–final matches were played on 7 November 2018 .
| }
Final
The final was played on 25 November 2018 in Angisi Stadium in Batumi at 16.00 .
See also
2018 Erovnuli Liga
References
External links
Official site
Georgian Cup seasons
Georgian Cup
Cup
Katherine or Catherine Wilson may refer to :
Catherine Wilson ( 1822–1862 ) , British woman hanged for murder
Catherine Wilson ( philosopher ) , British philosopher
Katherine Austen ( née Wilson ; 1629–c.1683 ) , writer
Katherine Sheppard ( née Wilson ; 1848–1934 ) , suffragette in New Zealand
Marie Wilson ( American actor ) ( Katherine Elisabeth Wilson ; 1916–1972 ) , American radio , film actor
See also
Kate Wilson ( disambiguation )
Wilson ( surname )
The 1929 VPI Gobblers football team represented Virginia Polytechnic Institute in the 1929 college football season . The team was led by their head coach Andy Gustafson and finished with a record of five wins and four losses ( 5–4 ) .
Schedule
Players
The following players were members of the 1929 football team according to the roster published in the 1930 edition of The Bugle , the Virginia Tech yearbook .
References
VPI
Virginia Tech Hokies football seasons
VPI Gobblers football
This is a listing of the highest-grossing films by year , based on their United States box-office gross . The films are listed by in-year release , rather than the gross they accumulated during a calendar year .
Five different directors have directed the highest-grossing film on multiple occasions : George Lucas , Steven Spielberg , James Cameron , Sam Raimi , and Robert Zemeckis . Lucas holds the record with five films , all of which are part of the Star Wars franchise , which they created : the original Star Wars ( 1977 ) , its sequels The Empire Strikes Back ( 1980 ) and Return of the Jedi ( 1983 ) , and two of its prequels The Phantom Menace ( 1999 ) , and Revenge of the Sith ( 2005 ) . Steven Spielberg has directed four of the yearly highest-grossing films : Raiders of the Lost Ark ( 1981 ) , E.T . the Extra-Terrestrial ( 1982 ) , Jurassic Park ( 1993 ) , and Saving Private Ryan ( 1998 ) . James Cameron has directed three such films : Terminator 2 : Judgment Day ( 1991 ) , Titanic ( 1997 ) , and Avatar ( 2009 ) . Sam Raimi and Robert Zemeckis have directed two each : Spider-Man ( 2002 ) and Spider-Man 3 ( 2007 ) for Raimi , and Back to the Future ( 1985 ) and Forrest Gump ( 1994 ) for Zemeckis .
Films that are apart of larger film or media franchises are frequently atop the highest-grossing films in the United States . The Star Wars franchise has had the highest-grossing film in 8 different years since 1977 . In addition to the five asupervisorstioned which Lucas directed , the franchise has also had The Force Awakens , Rogue One , and The Last Jedi ( 2015–2017 , respectively ) , top a year . The Marvel Cinematic Universe has had four films atop the yearly U.S. box office : The Avengers ( 2012 ) , Black Panther ( 2018 ) , Avengers : Endgame ( 2019 ) , and Spider-Man : No Way Home ( 2021 ) . No Way Home also gave the Spider-Man film franchise its third leading film . Batman films , Harry Potter , Top Gun , and Toy Story are the other franchises with two films to top the U.S. box office in a single year .
By in-year release
The following is the annual listing :
See also
List of highest-grossing films in the United States and Canada
References
American film-related lists
Lists of American films
United States
Carsten Mogensen ( born 24 July 1983 ) is a former badminton player from Denmark . They were the gold medalist at the 2015 European Games , two time European champions winning in 2012 and 2017 , and the silver medalist at the 2012 Summer Olympics . Mogensen was a former world number 1 in the BWF World ranking together with Mathias Boe .
Early life
Mogensen was born in Roskilde , a city on the island of Zealand and is currently living in nearby Greve .
Career
They won the silver medal at the 2006 European Badminton Championships in men 's doubles , with Mathias Boe . Two years later they won the bronze medal at the 2008 European Badminton Championships in mixed doubles with Helle Nielsen . In 2010 , Mogensen and Boe won the titles at the Denmark Super Series , French Super Series and the Super Series Final held in Taipei . One year later Mogensen and Boe won the England Super Series . After that they won the Li Ning China Open 2011 and the Li Ning BWF World Superseries Finals 2011 . In 2012 , Mogensen and Boe won the silver medal in men 's doubles at the Olympics in London . They also took the silver medal at the 2013 BWF World Championships .
In 2014 Li-Ning BWF World Championships they and Boe was defeated by the world number 1 Lee Yong Dae/Yoo Yeon Seong from Korea in two straight game at the semifinals , then they and Boe just taken the bronze medal in that world championships . In March 2015 , Mogensen and Boe again won the England Super Series .
While in Kazan with the national team at the 2016 European Men 's Team Championship , Mogensen suffered an intracranial aneurysm and had to undergo brain surgery .
Achievements
Olympic Games
Men 's doubles
World Championships
Men 's doubles
European Games
Men 's doubles
European Championships
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
European Junior Championships
Boys ' doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF World Tour
The BWF World Tour , announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018 , is a series of elite badminton tournaments , sanctioned by Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) . The BWF World Tour are divided into six levels , namely World Tour Finals , Super 1000 , Super 750 , Super 500 , Super 300 ( part of the HSBC World Tour ) , and the BWF Tour Super 100 .
Men 's doubles
BWF Superseries
The BWF Superseries , launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007 , is a series of elite badminton tournaments , sanctioned by Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) . BWF Superseries has two levels : Superseries and Superseries Premier . A season of Superseries features twelve tournaments around the world , which introduced since 2011 , with successful players invited to the Superseries Finals held at the year end .
Men 's doubles
BWF Superseries Finals tournament
BWF Superseries Premier tournament
BWF Superseries tournament
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix has two levels , Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold . It is a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) since 2007 . The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation ( IBF ) since 1983 .
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF & IBF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series/European Circuit
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series / European Circuit tournament
References
External links
( With Boe )
Carsten Mogensen at BadmintonEurope.com
Carsten Mogensen at Badminton.dk
Living people
1983 births
People from Roskilde
Danish male badminton players
Badminton players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Denmark
Olympic silver medalists for Denmark
Olympic medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2015 European Games
European Games gold medalists for Denmark
European Games medalists in badminton
World No . 1 badminton players
Sportspeople from Region Zealand
The Dakar International Forum on Peace and Security in Africa ( French : Forum International de Dakar sur la Paix et la Sécurité en Afrique ) or simply Dakar International Forum , is an international conference launched by the governments of France and Senegal in 2013 during the Elysée Summit . Held annually , it has brought together heads of state and governments , economic and industrial partners and representatives of civil society . The Forum is chaired by Senegalese President Macky Sall .
Annual meetings
2014
The Forum took place on December 15 and 16 , and brought together 350 participants in the presence of Presidents Macky Sall ( Senegal ) , Idriss Déby Itno ( Chad ) and Mohamed Ould Abdelaziz ( Mauritania ) . The discussions focused primarily on terrorism . Means to prevent it was highlighted by stakeholders including Smaïl Cherghi , the Peace and Security Commissioner of the African Union , and Hiroute Gebre Selassie , UN Special Envoy for the Sahel .
2015
The 2015 edition gathered 800 participants in November . Due to the regional context , the central issues were those of security , the fight against terrorism , the support of the international community for African security and mediation between the various states of the continent .
2016
The Dakar forum brought together around 1,000 people in 2016 , including Nigerian president Muhamadu Buhari , Ibrahim Boubakar Keita of Mali , Faure Gnassingbé of Togo , and Filipe Nyusi of Mozambique . The French Minister of Defense , Jean-Yves Le Drian as well as Federica Mogherini , the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security were also present . The main themes of that year were violent extremism and the management of African spaces .
2017
The theme of the 2017 conference was `` Current security challenges in Africa : looking for integrated solutions . '' The primary objective was to foster a defense community in Africa and ensure that African countries themselves can take charge of security issues . Senegalese President Macky Sall said during the event : `` I do not believe that the defense of Africa will be assured from the outside . Africa must take charge of its security . ''
This position was shared unanimously among the other political figures in attendance , including Presidents Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta ( Mali ) and Paul Kagame ( Rwanda ) , as well as the Chadian Minister of Foreign Affairs Moussa Faki Mahamat . The event was furthermore attended by French Minister of the Armed Forces Florence Parly , and the Minister of Foreign Affairs , Jean-Yves Le Drian .
2018
That year 's theme was `` Peace and Security in Africa : issues of stability and sustainable development . '' The inauguration of the National School of Cybersecurity with a regional vocation took place during the forum . During the previous edition , Jean-Yves Le Drian underlined the need to `` strengthen the capacities of African states to exercise their sovereignty over cyberspace . '' The region 's security operations were prioritized on an equal footing with the development of the Sahel in the face of demographic , climatic and poverty challenges .
2019
The 2019 edition of the Forum was centered around the topic `` Peace and Security in Africa : the current challenges of multilateralism . '' Expert panel discussions concerned the strategies of African states to tackle the threat of terrorism . Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Ghazouani was the guest of honour .
2021
This edition will be held at the Abdou Diouf International Conference Center . Its theme is `` The challenge of stability and emergence facing Africa in a post-Covid 19 world . '' The event will bring together heads of state ( Mohamed Bazoum , President of the Republic of Niger , Cyril Ramaphosa , President of the Republic of South Africa , heads of government and leading ministers , such as Florence Parly .
Several topics will be addressed during the first part of the event such as health , youth , cybersecurity and development . The second part focuses on security cooperation among African nations , the fight against violent extremism , as well as the surveillance and control of maritime areas .
Organization
Scientific direction is provided by the Center for Advanced Defense and Security Studies ( CHEDS ) , a think tank affiliated with the Senegalese government .
Several public and private partners participate in the organization of the Forum , while institutional partners are France , Japan and China . Private sector partners include Airbus and Safran , among others .
References
External links
Official website
Conferences
Nakhon Si Thammarat is a municipality in Southern Thailand .
Nakhon Si Thammarat may also refer to :
Nakhon Si Thammarat province
Nakhon Si Thammarat Range ( also called Banthat mountains )
Nakhon Si Thammarat Kingdom
Monthon Nakhon Si Thammarat , an administrative unit of the early 20th century and successor of the kingdom
Mueang Nakhon Si Thammarat district
John C. Wenger ( December 25 , 1910 – March 26 , 1995 ) was an American Mennonite theologian and professor .
Life
They were the eldest of five children born to A. Martin Wenger ( 1884–1960 ) and their wife , Martha A . Rock ( 1889–1975 ) . They were born at the Reese H. White farm in Honey Brook , Pennsylvania , which their parents rented . Their family moved in 1923 to Telford , where their father had gotten the job of janitor at the Rockhill Mennonite Church . Wenger was baptized on May 11 , 1924 , at the age of 13 . They reported that they were disappointed when they did not feel a sense of `` joy '' and `` Christian assurance '' following the practice .
They attended Sellersville High School in Bucks County . They graduated in the class of 1928 as class president , valedictorian , president of the literary society , and captain of the debate team . That fall , they found work at the Royal Pants company in South Perkasie . They resigned in the spring of 1929 when their boss began asking them to pick up whiskey for them ( that was during Prohibition ) .
With the assistance of Amos David Wenger , the president of the school , John was able to attend Eastern Mennonite School ( now Eastern Mennonite University ) for two years ( 1929–1931 ) . They attended Goshen College for the final two years of college ( 1932-1934 ) . One summer , they worked in the brickyard of D.D . Derstine . They were the vice-president of the junior class , president of the Young People 's Christian Association , and a director of the Mennonite Historical Society . Harold S. Bender helped instill in Wenger the desire to go to seminary .
Upon their graduation , there was an opening for a minister at Rockhill . Wenger anticipated being given the position but was rejected because its bishops were uncomfortable with college education .
On 3 April 1937 , Wenger married Ruth Derstine Detweiler ( 19 December 1906 , Sellersville , Pennsylvania - 19 February 1992 , Goshen , Indiana ) . They had four children : Daniel , John , Mary , and Elizabeth .
Career
In 1935 , they were invited to write the history of the Franconia Mennonite Conference between two years of study towards a master 's degree at Westminster Theological Seminary in Philadelphia . In 1937 , they embarked for Europe without their new bride . They attended classes at the University of Basel and the University of Zurich under Emil Brunner and Karl Barth . Ruth came to live with them on March 15 , 1938 . They returned in 1938 with a Doctorate of Theology from the University of Zurich .
Wenger had been invited to teach at Goshen college by President Sanford Calvin Yoder in 1936 , and in early September 1938 , they began a teaching career there . Also in 1938 , they took the Westminster Examinations ( which they had failed to do before leaving for Europe ) and did badly . Wenger joined the editorial board of the Mennonite Weekly Review in March 1939 . They took summer courses at University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1939 , 1940 , and 1942 , earning them an M.A . in Philosophy .
Wenger taught at Goshen College and Goshen Biblical Seminary from 1938 to 1969 . When the Goshen Biblical Seminary moved to a new campus in Elkhart , they went with and taught there from 1969 - 198 ] . Goshen Biblical Seminary then shared the Elkhart campus with Mennonite Biblical Seminary . The two eventually merged into Associated Mennonite Biblical Seminary .
In 1965 , Wenger was appointed to be a part of the Committee on Biblical Translation . The CBT met between 1965 and 1978 to oversee the translation the New International Version .
Works
In addition to articles , booklets , and chapters in larger works , Wenger wrote 22 books such as the following :
History of the Mennonites of the Franconia Conference , 1937 .
Glimpses of Mennonite History and Doctrine , 1947 .
Separated Unto God , 1951 .
Introduction to Theology , 1954 .
The Mennonites in Indiana and Michigan , 1961 .
Even Unto Death , 1961 .
Mennonite Church in America , 1966 .
God 's Word Written , 1966 .
Disciples of Jesus , 1977 .
The Book We Call the Bible , 1980 .
Wenger also edited a number of books including :
The Complete writings of Menno Simons , Translated by Leonard Verduin , 1956 .
They Met God : A Number of Conversion Accounts and Personal Testimonies of God 's Presence and Leading in the Lives of Their Children , 1964 .
The NIV is still used today .
Wenger wrote the chapter on Mennonites in the Encyclopædia Britannica and the Encyclopedia Americana .
Wenger 's personal records are held at the Mennonite Church USA Archives and can be found here .
References
American theologians
1995 deaths
American Mennonites
American biblical scholars
Eastern Mennonite University alumni
1910 births
University of Michigan alumni
20th-century Mennonite bishops
People from Honey Brook , Pennsylvania
People from Bucks County , Pennsylvania
Anabaptist biblical scholars
Mennonite theologians
Meghnad Bhattacharya ( born 1952 ) is a Bengali theatre director and actor . They are the artistic director of Bengali theatre group Sayak . They have also acted in few Bengali films and television serials . In 1979 under the leadership of Bhattacharya and Sayak Bijon Theatre was established .
Biography
Bhattacharya was born in 1952 . In December 1973 they founded the Bengali theatre group Sayak which till January 2012 has staged 21 full length and 7 short length plays .
Works
Plays
Films
References
External links
1952 births
Bengali theatre personalities
Living people
Male actors in Bengali cinema
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Bengali actors
Dramatists and playwrights from West Bengal
`` Disco Nights ( Rock-Freak ) '' is a song written by Emanuel LeBlanc , Herb Lane , Keith Crier and Paul Service and performed by American band GQ , from their 1979 debut studio album Disco Nights . The song was produced by Larkin Arnold , Beau Ray and Fleming Jimmy Simpson . The original title is `` ( Rock-Freaks ) Disco / Boogie '' .
The single ranked No . 76 on the Billboard Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1979 .
Charts
The single spent two weeks at number one on the soul chart during the spring of 1979 , and was the first number-one soul hit for Arista Records , and peaked at No . 12 on the pop chart in April of that year . The single also peaked at No . 3 on the disco chart .
Weekly Charts
Year-end Charts
Sampling
Kon Kan sampled the song in their 1988 song `` I Beg Your Pardon '' .
References
Songs about disco
1979 songs
1979 singles
GQ ( band ) songs
Arista Records singles
Pachymylus is an extinct genus of chimaera known from the Middle Jurassic of England .
References
Prehistoric cartilaginous fish genera
Jurassic cartilaginous fish
Cretaceous cartilaginous fish
Prehistoric fish of Europe
Chimaeriformes
Horst Breitenfeld ( born 17 . July 1924 , Berlin-Schöneberg ; died 9 . July 2010 , Nuremberg ) , was a German actor who specializes in dubbing .
Biography
Breitenfeld was discovered by Gustav Knuth , receiving their first theater role at the Deutsches Schauspielhaus Hamburg in 1943 . Following this they were employed by the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm in Berlin . Breitenfeld joined the ensemble of the Mannheim National Theatre after World War II , where they participated in a staging of Tell auf der Achterbahn , the first production after the theater was reopened . They received roles in Basel and Zürich , where they acted alongside director Friedrich Dürrenmatt in an adaption of their play The Visit , as well as Mannheim , again , and Dortmund . They worked in Nürnberg for 22 years and continued living there after their retirement . Breitenfeld seldom participated in movie or TV productions . Their cinema career included Helmut Käutner ‘ s thriller The Orplid Mystery , as well as Arthur Maria Rabenalt ‘ s comedy Die Frau von gestern Nacht , Musik , Musik und nur Musik , alongside Walter Giller , Not Afraid of Big Animals alongside Heinz Rühmann and the movie adaptation of Carl Zuckmayer 's play The Devil 's General . Breitenfeld appeared in TV movies , for example Der Nächste , bitte ! ( 1953 ) , Schweik in the Second World War and Rainer Erler ‘ s A Guru Comes , in mini-series , for instance Der seidene Schuh and TV series Die Firma Hesselbach .
As a voice actor Breitenfeld became known to a large audience as `` Hoss Cartwright “ ( Dan Blocker ) in Bonanza , who they dubbed in the Hamburg versions , along with Michael Chevalier , Martin Hirthe and Thomas Braut , and in Blocker 's appearances in Margret Dünser 's V.I.P.-Schaukel and the detective film Lady in Cement . Moreover , they dubbed `` Ephraim Longstocking “ ( Beppe Wolgers ) in the TV adaptation of Pippi Longstocking and Pippi in the South Seas , Peter Ustinov in Hotel Sahara and Christopher Lee in Valley of Eagles .
Additionally , Breitenfeld participated in several audio dramas and radio productions , including The Grass Harp , NWDR 1952 , based on Truman Capote 's novel , and as the „ Luckdragon Falkor “ in the adaptation of Michael Endes Neverending Story “ , KIOSK 1984 .
Filmography ( selection )
1950 : The Orplid Mystery
1950 : Die Frau von gestern Nacht
1953 : Not Afraid of Big Animals
1953 : Der Nächste , bitte !
1955 : The Devil 's General
1955 : Musik , Musik und nur Musik
1955 : Der Korporal aus Jav
1955 : Operation Sleeping Bag
1961 : Schweik in the Second World War
1962 : Die Firma Hesselbach : Der Dieb
1965 : Der seidene Schuh
1966 : Der Richter von London
1976 : Dorothea Merz
1980 : A Guru Comes
References
External links
Horst Breitenfeld at the Synchrondatenbank
1924 births
2010 deaths
Audiobook narrators
German male film actors
German male stage actors
German male voice actors
People from Schöneberg
Prospero autumnale , the autumn squill , an autumnal flowering plant of the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae , is found in the Mediterranean region from Portugal and Morocco east to Turkey and the Caucasus , plus Great Britain . Despite being classified as a single species , it is actually a cryptic species complex , with a variety of cytotypes having been discovered which are phenotypically indisguishable from each other .
Synonyms
Scilla autumnalis L .
Anthericum autumnale ( L. ) Scop .
Ornithogalum autumnale ( L. ) Lam .
Genlisa autumnalis ( L. ) Raf .
Stellaris autumnalis ( L. ) Bubani
Hyacinthus autumnalis ( L. ) E.H.L.Krause in J.Sturm
Urginea autumnalis ( L. ) El-Gadi
Scilla pulchella Munby
Scilla gallica Tod .
Scilla racemosa Balansa ex Baker
Scilla dumetorum Balansa ex Baker
Scilla longipes Batt . in J.A.Battandier & L.C.Trabut
Scilla holzmannia Heldr .
Scilla scythica Kleopow
Prospero holzmannium ( Heldr . ) Speta
Prospero pulchellum ( Munby ) Speta
Prospero scythicum ( Kleopow ) Speta
Scilla cyrenaica ( Pamp . ) G.M.Barroso & al .
Prospero cyrenaicum ( Pamp . ) Speta
References
Scilloideae
Flora of Europe
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The 1881 Randolph–Macon Yellow Jackets football team represented Randolph–Macon College during the 1881 college football season .
Schedule
References
Randolph–Macon
Randolph–Macon Yellow Jackets football seasons
College football winless seasons
Randolph–Macon Yellow Jackets football
Grace Irwin ( 1907-2008 ) was a Canadian writer who wrote Christian-themed fiction . They also worked as a classics teacher and minister .
Biography
Born in Toronto on July 14 , 1907 , Grace was the youngest of five children of John Irwin , a Methodist lay minister , and Martha Fortune Irwin , a schoolteacher . Grace attended high school at the Parkdale Collegiate Institute before going on to earn a B.A . in 1929 and an M.A . in 1932 in Greek drama and philosophy from the University of Toronto . They taught at Humberside Collegiate Institute for many years , serving as head of the Latin and Greek department from 1942 to 1969 . Victoria University awarded them an honorary Doctor of Sacred Letters degree in 1991 . They were also awarded a Canadian Centennial Medal in 1968 . After their retirement from teaching , they were ordained by the Christian Congregational Conference of Ontario , and served as a minister in a Toronto area church . They died on September 16 , 2008 .
Works
Irwin 's books reflect the early twentieth century city of Toronto , themes of Christian faith , and their own life as well as the lives of historical figures . Them first work , Compensation , is a romance written in the 1920s but only published in 2003 . Three novels focus on fictional pastor Andrew Connington : Least of All Saints ( 1952 ) , Andrew Connington ( 1954 ) , and Contend with Horses ( 1969 ) . In Little Place ( 1959 ) tells the story of an unmarried , Christian , female Latin teacher , while Three Lives in Mine ( 1986 ) is Irwin 's actual memoir . Servant of Slaves ( 1961 ) fictionalizes the life of hymn writer and slaver-turned-abolitionist John Newton . Them other historical-biographical novel , The Seventh Earl ( 1976 ) describes the life of reformer and evangelical Anthony Ashley-Cooper .
Awards named in their honor include the Classical Association of Canada 's Grace Irwin Award for secondary teachers in the classics , and the Word Guild 's Grace Irwin Grand Prize for Christian writers .
References
1907 births
2008 deaths
Writers from Toronto
Classics educators
Canadian Congregationalist ministers
University of Toronto alumni
20th-century Canadian women writers
20th-century Canadian novelists
20th-century Congregationalist ministers
The 1968 Alcorn A & M Braves football team was an American football team that represented Alcorn A & M University in the Southwestern Athletic Conference ( SWAC ) during 1968 NCAA College Division football season . In their third season under head coach Marino Casem , Alcorn compiled a 9–1 record ( 7–1 against conference opponents ) , won the SWAC championship , and outscored opponents by a total of 359 to 85 .
Alcorn A & M was also recognized as the black college national champion .
Schedule
References
Alcorn A & M
Alcorn State Braves football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Alcorn A & M football
Yüzükbaşı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey . The village is populated by Kurds .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Banner-making is the ancient art or craft of sewing banners . Techniques used include applique , embroidery , fabric painting , patchwork and others .
Trade union banners
In the United Kingdom , the first of these banners were sometimes painted by local signwriters , coachpainters or decorators . More often than not , they were made by a member of the local branch who was considered to be artistic . However , from 1837 onwards , more than three quarters were made by the firm of George Tutill of Chesham in Buckinghamshire . All their banners were made from pure silk woven by Huguenots in London . At the height of banner production there were said to be 17,000 looms in operation .
The silk was stretched taut over a wooden frame and coated with India rubber , and the oil colours applied to it were 'old ' , i.e . had been standing around for a while . This allowed the paint to dry quickly and to make it more pliant or elastic .
There were many designs from the Bible ( e.g . David slaying Goliath ) , from heraldry or from popular tradition , e.g . the `` all-seeing eye '' , or symbols of truth , hope or justice .
Present
With the advent of Conservative governments in Britain after the 1979 general election , trades union banners lost their popularity , and many languished in damp cellars or lofts . Additionally the large number of trade union mergers ( see for example UNISON and Amicus ) meant that many banners no longer had the correct union name on and became obsolete . In the last 10 years or so , the interest in these banners has been rekindled , and many books , videos , postcards and the like have been produced to help people rediscover and celebrate this part of the history of working men and women .
Durham Miners Gala is probably the largest current parade of trade union banners .
There are special museums which restore , preserve and exhibit trade union banners , e.g . the People 's History Museum in Manchester and Beamish Museum in the North East .
Church banners
Design is all-important in a banner for ecclesiastical use . The banner maker needs a sound knowledge of religious symbolism and iconography . There is also the question of its use , i.e . indoor or outdoor . If outdoor , it needs weatherproofing and must be able to be carried . Whether indoor or outdoor , proper storage provision must be made . The types of material can vary from vinyl to cloth .
References
Embroidery
Textile arts
Textile techniques
Nora Illi ( 3 April 1984 – 23 March 2020 ) was a Swiss convert to Islam and Islamic preacher . They were chairperson of the Islamic Central Council of Switzerland ( ICCS ) . They took part in several T.V . talk shows and caused heated discussions with their intellectual and political views .
Early life
They were born as Nora Gögel on 3 April 1984 in Uster , Canton of Zürich . Them father was a well-known Swiss psychotherapist of German origins and their mother was a Swiss social worker . They had a divorce years later . Illi was baptized Catholic upon their own request . As a teen , they promoted individual freedom and anti-establishment views , and at the age of 18 , Illi converted to Islam .
Illi travelled to Dubai , and over there converted to Islam after they heard the Adhan . Upon returning to Switzerland , they converted to Islam . Two weeks later , their husband , Qaasim Illi ( he was only their boyfriend then ) , also became an Islamic convert . Both were active members of the Islamic Central Council of Switzerland ( ICCS ) . By the age of twenty , Nora Illi wore the Niqab ( face veil ) in public . They continued their education in their home town until they were awarded a PhD in theology from the University of Zurich .
Illi chaired the Department of Women Affairs at the Islamic Central Council of Switzerland ( ICCS ) . After converting to Islam , they became an Islamic preacher . In a T.V . interview on the talk show of Anne Will in November 2016 , Illi said `` I used to have prejudices against Muslims ; I also used to think that Muslim women are all oppressed . However , I discovered that Islam treats women as pearls . '' They added that they came to the conclusion that there are some wrong issues and beliefs which stem from different cultures that have been attributed to Islam but have nothing to do with it in reality .
Illi confirmed that because of Islam , they started to have self-assertion as a woman , adding that being a Muslim woman , they were never treated as a commodity . They stressed the fact that before they started to wear the face veil , men used to treat them as a commodity and they were attracted only to their body .
Illi was hosted by several T.V . shows where they voiced several intellectual and political views for both the German and Swiss media . In November 2016 , Illi 's appearance on the best-known T.V . show of Anne Will caused a lot of controversy and uproar about whether radical opinions should be represented on a T.V . show . Some quotes by Illi were shown during the interview and were interpreted as propaganda for the radical views of the terrorist militia of the Islamic State . Several lawsuits were filed against them as a result of that discussion , but the Hamburg Public Prosecutor office suspended all preliminary investigations in February , 2017 .
Having appeared on T.V . and in public events inside and outside Switzerland with a face veil on , Illi caused a lot of uproar . They were harassed and insulted on a daily basis because of their black face veil .
Illi was an advocate of polygamy , the practice of having multiple wives , but they rejected polyandry , having multiple husbands . They were married to the computer scientist , Qaasim Illi , who also worked for the Islamic Central Council of Switzerland . They had six children .
Death
Nora Illi died on 23 March 2020 at the age of 35 at one of Bern 's hospitals after a long-term suffering with breast cancer .
References
External links
Swiss Muslims
Converts to Sunni Islam from Catholicism
1984 births
2020 deaths
Deaths from breast cancer
Deaths from cancer in Switzerland
Karahisargölcük , Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Nick Alexander may refer to :
Nick Alexander ( author )
Nick Alexander ( ski jumper ) ( born 1988 )
Nick Alexander ( comedian ) , see Lee Camp ( comedian )
Nick Alexander , member of the Eagles of Death Metal crew who was killed at the Bataclan during the November 2015 Paris attacks
See also
Nicholas Alexander ( disambiguation )
`` Thunder '' is a song by Italian producer and DJ Gabry Ponte , Austrian producer Lum ! x and Italian DJ Prezioso , a member of dance trio group Prezioso & Marvin . It was released on 7 May 2021 via Spinnin ' Records . The song reached top 10 in Belgium , the Netherlands , Norway and Sweden .
Composition
According to a press release , the song contains `` dramatic percussion and uptempo female vocals '' and `` the beat is dropped in characteristic triplet style '' . It is written in the key of B♭ minor , with a tempo of 135 beats per minute .
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Tidal .
Andrea Di Gregorio – producer , writer
Cristiano Cesario – producer , writer
Gabry Ponte – producer , writer , programmer
Lum ! x – producer , programmer
Marco Quisisana – producer , writer
Prezioso – producer , writer , programmer
Daniele Mattiuzzi – mastering , mixer
Shibui – vocals
Alessandro Hueber – writer
Fatin Shady Cherkaoui – writer
Lorenzo Ohler – writer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Gabry Ponte songs
Spinnin ' Records singles
Mesostoma is a genus of Typhloplanidae .
The genus was described in 1837 by Christian Gottfried Ehrenberg .
Synonym : Schizostomum Schmidt , 1848 ( nomen oblitum ) .
Species :
Mesostoma ehrenbergii
Mesostoma tetragonum
References
External links
Rhabdocoela
Platyhelminthes genera
Ronald Ridge ( ) is a narrow ridge , 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long , located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) west of Donald Ridge , which it resembles , in the Pioneer Heights , Heritage Range , Antarctica .
Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1961–66 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Ronald C. Taylor , meteorologist at Little America V Station in 1957 .
Ridges of Ellsworth Land
Jean-Pierre Montagny ( 31 July 1789 – 1862 ) was a French medallist and coiner , one of the most notable such figures in the 19th century Monnaie de Paris .
They were born at Saint-Étienne and studied under their father Clément Montagny and under Cartellier . They produced several coins and medals in bronze , copper and tin on the main events in French history from 1800 to 1850 , such as the inauguration of the July Column in 1840 , with their most intense production being designs relating to the 1848 Revolution . They died in Belleville .
References
External links
Jean-Pierre Montagny at multicollec.net
http : //www.inumis.com/medals/books/vivatrex/indexes-fr.html
1789 births
1862 deaths
Coin designers
French medallists
World Bamboo Organization Founded as the International Bamboo Association ( IBA ) , the idea for an international coordinating body for bamboo practitioners was born out of discussions at the International Bamboo Workshop in Chiang Mai , Thailand in 1991 . The IBA was consequently established at the 1992 International Bamboo Congress in Japan . Through 1998 the IBA had been the coordinating platform for bamboo people around the world , with its primary responsibility being the International Bamboo Congress & International Bamboo Workshop . A union of these two distinct gatherings is today called the World Bamboo Congress , and has led to the rebirth of the IBA into the World Bamboo Organization . The WBO was legally formed as a U.S. tax-exempt trade association in 2005 by CEO Susanne Lucas . They currently hold the position of Executive Director , WBO Ambassador and is the author of Bamboo . Kamesh Salam ( Assam , India ) served as President 2007-2009 . Michel Abadie ( Paris , France ) served their first term as President from 2010-2012 , and was reappointed a second term in 2013 and has continued their role to the present .
The founding members of the WBO are Susanne Lucas ( USA ) , I.V . Ramanuja Rao ( India ) , Karina Quintans ( USA ) , David Flanagan ( USA ) , Carmelita Bersalona ( Philippines ) , Amin Samuel Zacca ( Ghana ) , Jorge Campos ( Chile ) , Victor Brias ( Belgium ) .
An Honorary Council was established in 2005 to support WBO with professional consultation and expertise . The Honorary Council evolved and was renamed to better reflect the horizontal structure of its collaborations in the name of bamboo ; who are now collectively called World Bamboo Ambassadors
World Bamboo Congress
Every 3–4 years the WBO organizes a World Bamboo Congress ( WBC ) .
In the last 20 years , the WBC as a series of Sessions & Demonstrations has attracted around 400 participants from more than 30 countries around the world , including world-renowned experts in bamboo design , construction , and architecture .
The aim of the WBC is to promote best practices in supply chain management for bamboo in order to protect natural resources and the environment , to ensure sustainable utilization , as well as promote traditional uses locally and for community economic development . Additionally , the WBC promotes new cultivation of bamboo for new industries such as bio-energy , bio-plastics , climate mitigation , housing materials , pulp , paper , textiles , nutrition and medicine .
The most recent WBC took place in Damyang , Korea in 2015 during the World Bamboo Fair , hosted by the municipality of Damyang , a location considered to be a significant bamboo habitat in Korea . The World Bamboo Fair attracted several hundred thousand visitors during the months of September and October , with its motto , “ Bamboo for a Greener Future ” , the fair encouraged the exchange of ideas and educated the public on bamboo 's many uses .
World Bamboo Day
World Bamboo Day was officially established on September 18 at the 8th World Bamboo Congress held in Bangkok in 2009 and declared by the Thai Royal Forest Department . People and businesses from around the world use this day to raise awareness of the benefits of bamboo and to promote its use in everyday products . On this day each year , its celebration has included bamboo planting ceremonies , 5K races , various contests and other kinds of celebrations around the world .
United Nations Global Compact and the SDGs
In January 2016 , World Bamboo Organization joined the United Nations Global Compact ( UNGC ) , the world 's largest sustainability initiative . WBO accepted Sustainable Development Goals ( SDG 's ) upholding the aims of the UNGC .
WBO Ambassadors
A group of people from many countries around the world have united to become World Bamboo Ambassadors .
Among the ambassadors , Dr. Chongtham Nirmala is a professor of botany at Panjab University where they mainly focus in nutritive value and phytochemicals research regarding bamboo shoots , as an ambassador they promote bamboo use as wood and food . Ambassadors mainly find biological value to bamboo and some economically assist their surroundings with its use . Bernice Dapaah , the Executive Director of Ghana Bamboo Bikes Initiative , was appointed as a World Bamboo Ambassador as a result of them bringing jobs to rural areas of Africa in an effort to raise its economy as it is a major holder of bamboo . As WBO Ambassador , Susanne Lucas , also the CEO of WBO , advocates for bamboo by collaborating with organizations like International Centre for Bamboo and Rattan ( ICBR ) who researches bamboo genetics and engineering for sustainable use .
References
Organizations established in 2005
Environmental agencies
Osnos is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Evan Osnos ( born 1976 ) , American journalist and author
Peter Osnos ( born 1943 ) , American journalist and publisher , father of Evan
Vyacheslav Osnos ( 1935–2009 ) , Russian chess player
Guangdong Institute of Science and Technology ( ) is a provincial university located in the Tianhe District of Guangzhou City , Guangdong Province , China .
History
The university was established in 1985 by the provincial government . It offers undergraduate and postgraduate programmes in science , engineering and technology .
References
External links
Guangdong Institute of Science and Technology
Universities and colleges in Guangzhou
Educational institutions established in 1985
1986 establishments in China
The 1999–2000 season was the 112th season of competitive football by Celtic . Celtic competed in the Scottish Premier League , UEFA Cup , Scottish League Cup and the Scottish Cup .
Summary
The season saw Celtic finish second in the league , 21 points behind winner Rangers . They won the League Cup beating Aberdeen in the final , reached the second round of the UEFA Cup losing to Lyon and were knocked out of the Scottish Cup in the third round by Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Managers
Celtic started the season under newly appointed John Barnes who , on 10 February , was sacked by the club . Celtic 's Director of Football Kenny Dalglish took over as caretaker manager .
Results and fixtures
Friendlies
Premier League
UEFA Cup
League Cup
Scottish Cup
Squad
Statistics
League table
See also
List of Celtic F.C . seasons
References
Celtic F.C . seasons
Celtic
Aubrey Powell may refer to :
Aubrey Powell ( designer ) ( born 1946 ) , English graphic designer
Aubrey Powell ( footballer ) ( 1918–2009 ) , Welsh football player
Foramadiahi is a former village on Ternate island in North Maluku , Indonesia . It has a prominent role in stories about the formation of the Ternate Kingdom and has a number of historical graves .
Foramadiahi is situated in the southern part of Ternate , 350 meters above sea level , overlooking the old sultan 's seat Gam-ma-lamo . According to the historical traditions of Ternate , the oldest center on the island was Tobona further uphill . In the mid-13th century , the Ternatans under a chief called Molé-ma-titi established a second settlement midway between mountain and sea . This was Foramadiahi which offered a good vantage point over the southern coastal section and the islands nearby . Later still , a third settlement was founded at the coast , namely Sampalu ( close to the site of Gam-ma-lamo ) . The third king ( kolano ) of Ternate , Siale ( traditionally dated 1284-1298 ) abandoned their old capital Tobona for Foramadiahi . Later on the seat of the kolanos ( from the late 15th century sultans ) was moved to the coast , apparently as a consequence of the increasing inter-regional spice trade . In colonial times Foramadiahi was settled by people from Tidore . However , the site was completely abandoned by the 1970s . Among the graves preserved at the site is one where Sultan Babullah of Ternate was supposedly buried .
See also
Pre-Islamic rulers of Ternate
Cico of Ternate
References
Ternate
Ternate Sultanate
As-Salam College , formerly English Mission College , was an Episcopalian missionary school located in the province of Heliopolis in Cairo , Egypt .
History
The school was established on April 24 , 1936 , as an English missionary school . It is one of the largest English schools in Heliopolis . It was located in Qubba Palace on a 5-acre property bought for £11,000 . The money was donated by friends from England and Egypt . The name of the school was English Mission College and remained as such until 1956 when the British missionaries handed the school to the Episcopal Church of Egypt . In the early days , the school matriculated students primarily from the bourgeoisie class . The British government granted the school £1,500 in 1939 in order to expand the campus .
It is divided into a kindergarten , a preparatory school which is co-educational , and two separate schools for each gender during junior and secondary stages . It has a garden and a large garage for buses .
In 1956 , the name was changed to Episcopal Mission College . In 1958 , the school name was changed into As-Salam College by the Egyptian Ministry of Education which had taken over all the British and French schools in Egypt .
References
Schools in Cairo
1936 establishments in Egypt
Educational institutions established in 1936
Hard Rock Cafe is a chain of restaurants based from London .
Hard Rock Cafe may also refer to :
`` Hard Rock Cafe '' , a side one of The Doors ' 1970 album , Morrison Hotel
`` Hard Rock Cafe '' , a song recorded by Carole King in 1977 , reaching number 30 on the US Hot 100
Smile , Mom ( ) is a 2010 South Korean television drama starring Lee Mi-sook , Park Won-sook , Ji Soo-won , Yoon Jung-hee , Go Eun-mi and Lee Jae-hwang . The weekend theater drama aired on SBS from November 6 , 2010 to April 24 , 2011 on Saturdays and Sundays at 20:50 for 50 episodes .
Plot
Smile Mom covers the reconciliation and love stories of 3 pairs of mothers and daughters .
Jo Bok-hee ( Lee Mi-sook ) is the mother of three children Shin Dal-rae ( Kang Min-kyung ) , Shin Meo-roo ( Lee Jae-hwang ) and Shin So-ra ( Jung Ji-ahn ) . For their own well being , Jo Bok-hee pushes them hard to succeed . Shin Dal-rae is a top talent and since they were a young child , they have been dragged to broadcasting companies for auditions . Because of their shy and introverted personality , Shin Dal-rae hates to be in front of the camera , but after their mother and father fought over money , Shin Dal-rae has just followed their mother 's will . Shin Meo-roo is Jo Bok-hee 's first son and is married to Kang Shin-young ( Yoon Jung-hee ) . They have a bad habit of being a womanizer . Growing up under the strong will of their mother , Shin Meo-roo has also become a bit of a mama 's boy . They are popular and thought to be kind , but they are not responsible and double-faced .
Park Soon-ja ( Park Won-sook ) is the mother of Kang Shin-young and Kang Do-young . Under their husband 's patriarchal attitude , they raised their children and also took care of their parents-in-law and husband . Kang Shin-young assists their husband Shin Meo-roo , who is a politician . They even write their draft speeches on their behalf . To promote their husband 's kind image they showcase their life to the public . Older brother Kang Do-young ( Seo Dong-won ) is incompetent , troubled , and vain .
Yoon Min-joo ( Ji Soo-won ) is the mother of Bae Yeon-woo ( Kim Jin-woo ) and Bae Yeon-seo ( Yeo Min-joo ) . They were dumped by their husband and raised their two kids alone . Even as a single mother they were able to become a professor . Yoon Min-joo is close friends with Jo Bok-hee . Nevertheless , because Yoon Min-joo was dumped by their husband they have gained a twisted mind . Them son Bae Yeon-woo is the society reporter for a newspaper . Their character is cynical , critical and rough . Because of their father , they are indifferent to their mother , hates their family and does not want to marry . Daughter Bae Yeon-seo constantly defies their mother so there 's always conflict between the two .
Cast
Mothers
Lee Mi-sook as Jo Bok-hee
Park Won-sook as Park Soon-ja
Ji Soo-won as Yoon Min-joo
Im Ye-jin as Kang Seo-poong
Children
Yoon Jung-hee as Kang Shin-young
Go Eun-mi as Hwang Bo-mi
Lee Jae-hwang as Shin Meo-roo
Shin family
Kang Min-kyung as Shin Dal-rae
Jeon Min-seo as young Dal-rae
Jung Ji-ahn as Shin So-ra
Kim Yong-gun as Shin Ki-bong
Kang Ye-seo as Shin Yoo-ra ( Meo-roo and Shin-young 's daughter )
Kang family
Yoon Joo-sang as Kang Dong-poong
Seo Dong-won as Kang Do-young
Hwang Bo-ra as Kim Mi-so ( Do-young 's wife )
Bae family
Kim Jin-woo as Bae Yeon-woo
Yeo Min-joo as Bae Yeon-seo
Extended cast
Park Sung-min as Goo Hyun-se
Seo Jun-young as Lee Kang-so
Choi Sung-ho as drama PD
Jung Han-hun as Park Eui-won
Won Jong-rye as Eui-won 's wife
Jung Chan as Choi Jung-won
Lee Mi-eun as Hye-ryun
Lee Hyun-kyung as Kang-so 's sister
Kim Gyu-jin
Guest appearance
Seo Ji-young
Chung Lim
Bae Geu-rin as Baek Jang-mi
Kim In-suk
See also
Seoul Broadcasting System
References
External links
Smile , Mom official SBS website
Seoul Broadcasting System television dramas
2010 South Korean television series debuts
2011 South Korean television series endings
Korean-language television shows
South Korean romance television series
Television shows written by Kim Soon-ok
Naval Beach Group One , ( NBG-1 ) is a United States Navy amphibious unit based at Naval Amphibious Base Coronado in Coronado , California . Naval Beach Group Two is its sister unit based at Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek , Virginia .
Mission
Since its inception 19 July 1948 , Naval Beach Group One ( NBG-1 ) and its component commands have participated in a variety of amphibious operations . From the early years of assaults during the Korean and Vietnam conflicts to the modern and technically sophisticated amphibious operations in Somalia and Iraq , the men and women of NBG-1 have served throughout the Pacific and Indian Oceans in support of US policy abroad .
Commander , Naval Beach Group ONE ( CNBG-1 ) functions under two distinct missions . During amphibious assaults , they provide personnel to support and operate causeway lighterage , LCACs , LCUs , buoyant ship-to-shore bulk fuel systems , beach traffic control , and beach salvage equipment . The second mission is under the Maritime Preposition Force ( MPF ) concept which uses the equipment and supplies prepositioned on board forward deployed Maritime Prepositioning ships ( MPS ) . Joining forces with the Marine Expeditionary Brigade ( MEB ) , CNBG-1 forms and commands the Naval Support Element ( NSE ) and is airlifted into an objective area to establish camp support , conduct ship-to-shore movement , beach party operations and debarkation operations in support of to offload of each MPF ship .
CNBG-1 is also responsible for conducting Amphibious Specialty Training ( PHIBSPECTRA ) for all US Pacific Fleet amphibious ships . The PHIBSPECTRA Team provides in-depth training in well deck operations to prepare Expeditionary Strike Group ( ESG ) ships for deployment to the Western Pacific and Indian Oceans .
Units
The initial NBG-1 consisted of Headquarters Unit , Boat Unit ONE , which became Assault Craft Unit One , Amphibious Construction Battalion One , and Underwater Demolition Team One , which eventually shifted to the control of Naval Special Warfare Command . Additions to the organization have been Beachmaster Unit One ( BMU-1 ) in 1949 , Assault Craft Unit 5 ( ACU-5 ) in 1983 , and Naval Beach Unit Seven ( NBU-7 ) in 2012 . With the addition of ACU-5 came the ability to conduct over-the-horizon assaults using the swift Landing Craft Air Cushions .
History
The need for a single organization dedicated to the support of amphibious operations was recognized as a result of experience gained during the island-hopping campaigns of World War II . The decision to consolidate amphibious assault assets led to the establishment of NBG-1 in July 1948 .
Korean – Vietnam service
In 1950 , Detachments of NBG-1 participated in amphibious assaults at Inchon and Pohang , Korea , and shortly thereafter in the evacuation of troops from Hungnam and Inchon . Late in 1954 , another NBG-1 Detachment assisted Commander Task Force 90 in the withdrawal of French Union Military Forces and 300,000 Vietnamese refugees from Haiphong , French Indochina during Operation Passage to Freedom . NBG-1 Detachments took part in the evacuation of the Chinese Nationalist Tachen Islands in 1955 . NBG-1 provided equipment and personnel to assist in a scientific expedition to Danger Island in the South Pacific in conjunction with the International Geophysical Year in 1958 . Since 1965 , NBG-1 elements participated in many amphibious landings in Vietnam , including landings at Chu Lai , Da Nang , and near the DMZ in the Huế area . Assistance in the withdrawal of US Marine Corps personnel and equipment from Vietnam and their offload in CONUS was provided . In 1975 , NBG-1 Units actively participated in the withdrawal and evacuation of Vietnamese citizens .
Recent service
In recent years , detachments from NBG-1 have participated in the Gulf War and Iraq War in the Persian Gulf , Operation Restore Hope , Operation United Shield , in Somalia . NBG-1 and its component commands engaged in supporting amphibious task force commanders in the THIRD , FIFTH and SEVENTH Fleets during Operation Unified Assistance , the humanitarian/disaster relief efforts after the tsunami that destroyed the Asian Pacific area in 2004 , earthquake relief to Pakistan in 2005 , wildfire assistance in Southern California , and Operation Tomodachi in Japan .
Today , NBG-1 trains detachments to embark in amphibious ships , as part of an Assault Echelon , as well as deploying as the core of the Naval Support Element during Assault Follow-On Echelon operations . NBG-1 routinely participates in Fleet and Theater exercises ( RIMPAC , Foal Eagle , Cobra Gold , CARAT , C/JLOTS , and Talisman Saber ) and provides a wide variety of support services at NAB , Coronado . Throughout an illustrious history , from combat operations to humanitarian assistance and disaster relief , NBG-1 has seamlessly operated as the unifying force of Navy and Marine Corps Team , epitomizing the traditional amphibious force motto , `` United We Land ” , with skill , professionalism , and dedication .
Awards
Naval Beach Group ONE was decorated by President Truman with the Presidential Unit Citation for action with First Marine Division in Korea ( Inchon Landing ) , NBG-1 Western Pacific Detachment earned the Meritorious Unit Commendation for its efforts in Southeast Asia from 1965–1969 . NBG-1 earned three Navy Unit Commendations ( Operation Desert Shield , Desert Storm , Iraqi Freedom ) and also earned the National Defense Medal ( One Bronze Star ) , Korean Service Medal , Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal ( three Bronze Stars ) , Vietnam Service Medal , Southwest Asia Service Medal ( two Bronze Stars ) , Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal , Global War on Terrorism Service Medal , Humanitarian Service Medal , United Nations Service Medal , and the Kuwaiti Liberation Medal ( Saudi Arabia ) .
Notable former and current members
Jesse Iwuji
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Online resources
External links
NBG-1 Website
Combatant groups of the United States Navy
Amphibious units and formations of the United States Navy
Military units and formations established in 1948
1948 establishments in California
Desisa kuraruana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Masaki Matsushita in 1935 .
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1935
Steel Fury : Kharkov 1942 is a World War 2 tank simulation computer game , set during the Kharkov offensive of 1942 . It was made by the Ukrainian game developer team Graviteam and Russian developer Discus Games .
2007 video games
Video games developed in Ukraine
Video games set in the Soviet Union
Tank simulation video games
Video games about Nazi Germany
Windows games
Windows-only games
Lighthouse Interactive games
The game was released in Russia in November 2007 ( Buka ) . An English version of the game was released in 2008 . The publisher was the now defunct Lighthouse Interactive Game Publishing .
Sandy Point is a city on Farm to Market Road 521 ( FM 521 ) in north central Brazoria County , Texas , United States . The small community is located near a state prison . In the 19th century , the settlement served nearby sugar cane and cotton plantations . Sandy Point 's post office , school and railroad have disappeared , but there were two churches in the community in December 2013 .
History
Sandy Point incorporated in 2012 to avoid annexation from Missouri City . in 2015 Missouri City agreed to recognize the incorporation of Sandy Point .
Government and infrastructure
The Rosharon Volunteer Fire Department provides fire services for Sandy Point .
Sandy Point is located at the entrance to the Darrington Unit , a prison for men operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice .
Demographics
Education
Students in Sandy Point are served by the Angleton Independent School District , including Angleton High School . In the 2013–2014 school year , the Angleton ISD served the area via Rosharon Zone Bus Route # 223 .
The Texas Legislature designated portions of Angleton ISD that by September 1 , 1995 had not been annexed by Alvin Community College as in the Brazosport College zone . As Sandy Point is not in the maps of Alvin CC , it is in the Brazosport College zone .
See also
List of cities in Texas
References
External links
Cities in Brazoria County , Texas
Cities in Texas
Populated places established in 2012
Muhammad Kamal Azizi bin Mohamad Zabri ( born 28 August 1993 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Kuala Lumpur City as a right-back .
Club career
Terengganu
On 24 November 2017 , Kamal signed a contract with Terengganu .
Kuala Lumpur City
Kamal joined Kuala Lumpur City at the start of the 2021 season and was part of the team that won the 2021 Malaysia Cup .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Terengganu
Malaysia Cup runner-up : 2018
Kuala Lumpur City
Malaysia Cup : 2021
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Malaysian footballers
People from Terengganu
Terengganu F.C . II players
Terengganu FC players
Kuala Lumpur City F.C . players
Malaysia Super League players
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Association football fullbacks
Elena Sergeevna Komendrovskaja ( ; born 19 May 1991 ) is a Russian badminton player .
Achievements
European Junior Championships
Girls ' doubles
BWF International Challenge/Series
Women 's singles
Women 's doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Perm , Russia
Russian female badminton players
`` Sinner , Baker , Fabulist , Priest ; Red Mask , Black Mask , Gentleman , Beast '' is a 2009 science fiction novelette by American writer Eugie Foster . It was first published in Interzone , and has subsequently been republished in Apex Magazine , in The Nebula Awards Showcase 2011 , and in The Mammoth Book of Nebula Awards SF ; as well , it has been translated into Czech , French , Italian , Spanish , Romanian , and Hungarian , and an audio version was released on Escape Pod .
Synopsis
In a world where people 's roles , identities , and personalities all depend on which mask they wear on any given day , one man discovers the concept of rebellion .
Reception
`` Sinner , Baker '' won the 2010 Nebula Award for Best Novelette , and was nominated for the 2009 BSFA Award for Best Short Fiction and the 2010 Hugo Award for Best Novelette .
Gardner Dozois considered it an `` elegantly strange slipstreamish fantasy '' . Jason Sanford described it as `` beautifully written and fast-paced '' , while Rachel Swirsky called it a `` mix of high concept and colorful images '' . Tangent Online rated it three stars , while Black Gate commended Foster for producing an ending which goes counter to readers ' expectations .
References
External links
Text of the story at Apex Magazine
Nebula Award for Best Novelette-winning works
2009 short stories
Joseph F. Andrea ( November 29 , 1927 – December 5 , 2002 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate and the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Biography
Andrea was born on November 29 , 1927 . They graduated from Mary D. Bradford High School in Kenosha , Wisconsin served in the United States Navy during World War II . Andrea was later Constable of Kenosha from 1966 to 1968 . A Roman Catholic , They were a member of the Catholic Youth Organization and the Society of the Holy Name . They were married to Olivia in 1952 and had four children , a daughter and three sons . Andrea died on December 5 , 2002 at their home in Kenosha .
Political career
Andrea was a supervisor of Kenosha County , Wisconsin from 1968 to 1977 . They were a member of the Assembly from 1976 to 1984 before serving in the Senate from 1985 to 1997 . Andrea was a Democrat .
References
Politicians from Kenosha , Wisconsin
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Democrats
Military personnel from Wisconsin
United States Navy personnel of World War II
1927 births
2002 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Mary D. Bradford High School alumni
Michael Dewar may refer to :
Michael J. S. Dewar ( 1918–1997 ) , theoretical chemist
Michael Dewar ( rugby union ) ( born 1997 ) , Scottish rugby union player
Stade Numa-Daly Magenta is a multi-use stadium in Nouméa , New Caledonia . It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium holds 10,000 . It is currently the home ground of the New Caledonia national football team and was one of the host venues at the 2011 Pacific Games for the men 's football tournament .
References
Football venues in New Caledonia
Buildings and structures in Nouméa
New Caledonia
Sport in Nouméa
Hinnerk is a Low German given name for boys . The name is the Low German version of the name Heinrich . Therefore it also succeeds the old high German name Heimrich which is composed of the old high German terms heim ( home , house ) and rîhhi ( powerful , prince ) . Accordingly , Heinrich as well as Hinnerk mean the same as `` landlord '' , `` the lord of the house '' .
References
Low German given names
Pela was an American indie rock band from Brooklyn known for their intense live performances .
History
Pela 's history goes back to the early '90s when lead vocalist and guitarist William McCarthy met Christopher Herb . As best friends they worked at a mall together after dropping out of high school , and then traveled around the world together playing music in various cities . Herb and McCarthy began a folk project called Igloo Gazelle in New York City in 2001 . In early 2002 , Herb had a chance meeting with Eric Sanderson on a subway platform at 7th avenue in Brooklyn where Herb was busking . Sanderson was invited to a practice session and joined the band shortly thereafter .
In late 2002 , Herb abruptly moved to Australia for four years . Sanderson & McCarthy soon broke up Igloo Gazelle and teamed with guitarist Nate Martinez . Martinez and Sanderson met as roommates in college ( in upstate New York ) and played in many bands together both during and after theirs schooling . Both schoolmates are classically trained musicians in multiple genres of music . After a succession of drummers , they found Tomislav Zovich who remained in the band for the duration .
They released a physical EP in 2005 on Brassland label , owned by Brooklyn/Cincinnati band The National , and a download-only EP Exit Columbia Street , in 2006 . In 2007 the group signed with independent label Great Society , who released their debut full-length , album , Anytown Graffiti , in April 2007 . The group has played with Sonic Youth , The Flaming Lips , The Decemberists , Norah Jones , Sleater-Kinney , The National , Mission of Burma , Gaslight Anthem , Gossip , Devendra Barnhart , British Sea Power , and Feist .
Pela severed ties with Great Society in 2008 .
Anytown Graffiti , recorded with Dan Long , was met with wide acclaim and landed itself on over 35 `` Best Of '' Lists for 2007 including Yahoo ! and the KEXP Listeners Poll . As well , in October 2008 , Pela 's Anytown Graffiti was voted No . 112 in KEXPs countdown of the Top 903 Albums Of All Time .
On September 18 , 2009 , the band announced on their website and Facebook site that they have broken up citing difficulties with record labels and personal injuries .
Guitarist Martinez now has a solo project named Thieving Irons .
In 2010 , singer/songwriter William McCarthy and bassist Eric Sanderson formed a band called Augustines . Due to a trademark conflict , they renamed the band to We Are Augustines and relaunched their website in December 2010 . In 2013 , they were able to reclaim their original name , Augustines .
Discography
All in Time EP ( Brassland , 2005 )
Exit Columbia Street EP ( download-only , 2006 )
Anytown Graffiti ( Great Society , 2007 )
Members
Nate Martinez - guitar , keyboards , vocals
Billy McCarthy - vocals , guitar
Eric Sanderson - bass , keyboards , vocals , percussion
Tomislav Zovich - drums , vocals
Touring Members
Josh Ricchio ( 2009–Break up ) – keyboards , guitar , vocals , percussion
References
External links
Myspace
Facebook
William McCarthy 's website
Eric Sanderson 's website
Thieving Irons website ( Nate Martinez )
Indie rock musical groups from New York ( state )
Musical groups from Brooklyn
Edward Joseph `` Ebba '' St. Claire ( August 5 , 1921 – August 22 , 1982 ) was an American catcher in Major League Baseball and the father of Randy St. Claire , a right-handed pitcher for five Major Leagues clubs between 1984–94 and current pitching coach in professional baseball . The elder St. Claire stood tall and weighed 219 pounds . They were a switch hitter and threw right-handed . They can best be described as a prototypical defensive-minded backup catcher .
They were born in Whitehall , New York , and was a standout catcher on the Whitehall Central High School baseball team . After their high school career ended , St. Claire attended Colgate University , where they were a star player .
As there was no amateur entry baseball draft at the time , St. Claire began their professional career on January 1 , 1942 , when they were signed as an amateur free agent by the Pittsburgh Pirates .
After a long minor league career , St. Claire was traded by Pittsburgh to the Boston Braves as part of a minor league working agreement so that they could tutor young pitchers in the Braves organization . They made their major league debut with Boston on April 17 , 1951 . They played with Boston again in 1952 and continued to play with the Braves franchise in 1953 when they relocated and became the Milwaukee Braves . On February 1 , 1954 , St. Claire was traded by Milwaukee with Johnny Antonelli , Billy Klaus , Don Liddle , and $ 50,000 to the New York Giants for Bobby Thomson and Sam Calderone . After spending much of this season in the minor leagues , St. Claire was released from their contract and never played professional baseball again .
Ebba St. Claire died in Whitehall at the age of 61 .
External links
1921 births
1982 deaths
Albany Senators players
Atlanta Crackers players
Baseball players from New York ( state )
Boston Braves players
Hornell Maples players
Major League Baseball catchers
Milwaukee Braves players
Milwaukee Brewers ( minor league ) players
Minneapolis Millers ( baseball ) players
New Orleans Pelicans ( baseball ) players
New York Giants ( NL ) players
People from Whitehall , New York
Rochester Red Wings players
Richmond Virginians ( minor league ) players
San Diego Padres ( minor league ) players
Sherbrooke Athletics players
Toronto Maple Leafs ( International League ) players
Associazione Calcio Castellettese is an Italian association football club located in Castelletto sopra Ticino , Piedmont . It currently plays in Group A of the Eccellenza Piedmont , after having been directly relegated from Serie D in 2006/07 . Its colors are white and blue .
External links
Official homepage
Castellettese page @ Serie-D.com
Association football clubs established in 1943
Football clubs in Piedmont and Aosta Valley
1943 establishments in Italy
Petty may refer to :
People
Bruce Petty ( born 1929 ) , Australian political satirist and cartoonist
Bryce Petty ( born 1991 ) , American football player
Dini Petty ( born 1945 ) , Canadian television and radio host
Eric D. Petty ( born 1954 ) , American politician and business person
Florence Petty ( 1870–1948 ) , British cookery book writer and broadcaster
George Petty ( 1894–1975 ) , American pin-up artist
J. T. Petty ( born 1977 ) , American dialogue video game writer and film director
John Petty ( disambiguation ) , several people
Joseph Petty , Massachusetts politician
Joseph H. Petty ( 1826–1901 ) , New York politician
Kathleen Petty ( born 1960 ) , Canadian news anchor
Lori Petty ( born 1963 ) , American movie actor
Norman Petty ( 1927–1984 ) , American musician , songwriter , and record producer
Orlando Henderson Petty ( 1874–1932 ) , American Medal of Honor recipient
Philip Petty ( 1840-1917 ) , American Medal of Honor recipient
Rebecca Petty ( born c. 1970 ) , American politician and advocate of child crime victims
Richard E. Petty , distinguished university professor of psychology at The Ohio State University
Tom Petty ( 1950–2017 ) , American musician
W. Morgan Petty , a fictional writer
William Petty ( 1623–1687 ) , British economist and inventor
William Petty , 2nd Earl of Shelburne ( 1737–1805 ) , British Prime Minister and Irish peer
An American auto racing family prominent in NASCAR :
Lee Petty ( 1914–2000 ) , family patriarch and NASCAR pioneer
Richard Petty ( born 1937 ) , son of Lee and a NASCAR driver
Maurice Petty ( born 1939 ) , son of Lee and a NASCAR mechanic
Places
Petty France ( disambiguation )
Petty , Highland , Scotland
Others
Petty-Fitzmaurice
Petty Enterprises , NASCAR racing team owned by Richard and Kyle Petty
Petty crime ( misdemeanor )
See also
Pett
Nicholas M. Pette ( 1891–1988 ) , New York politician and judge
Petté , a town in Cameroon
Pretty ( disambiguation )
English-language surnames
Bedell Crossing is an unincorporated village in Kittery , York County , Maine , United States .
Notes
Villages in York County , Maine
Kittery , Maine
Akdoğan is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey . As of 2000 , it had a population of 306 people .
Akdoğan is the Turkish word for gyrfalcon . At the old time some Turkish Oghuz people came to here . They found out a place to establish their village . At the same time their white falcon was flying on this place . After that they decided to place there . They gave name Akdoğan , because of their bird .
Today Akdoğan 's population is about 50 people . Villagers ' the most important meal tickets are agriculture and animal selling . Generally these animals are goats , sheep and cows .
Climate is general Anatolian inland climate but rain is more than normal .
In the village there are a post office , a mosque .
Akdoğan is 11 km far to Kızılcahamam and 70 km far to Ankara . Buses which come from Old Etlik Garages are pass to incide of the village .
Village 's mukhtar ( Sheriff ) is Hayrun Özdemir .
Akdoğan has a festival which is started in 2007 . Its name is Ak-Der Fest .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Pangaltı ( spelled Pangaaltı or Pancaldi in some older sources ) is one of the four neighborhoods ( together with Teşvikiye , Maçka and Osmanbey ) within the Nişantaşı quarter of the Şişli district in Istanbul , Turkey .
It is home to the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit and Pangaltı Catholic Cemetery , the largest Catholic cemetery in Istanbul .
History
The neighborhood was formerly inhabited mainly by Levantine Christians . The Ottoman Army War College founded by Sultan Mahmud II had its headquarters in this city quarter from 1848 .
As part of the 1860s redevelopment of Istanbul , when the avenue between Taksim and Pangaltı was under construction in 1864 , Christian cemeteries in Taksim were moved to Şişli and a garden-park ( Taksim Gezisi ) was arranged in their place . The Anarad Hiğutyun ( Armenian for `` Immaculate Conception '' ) Armenian Catholic Church ( Anarad Hiğutyun Ermeni Katolik Kilisesi ) was built in 1866 in timber , and from 1971-1973 rebuilt in stone .
The Private Armenian School of Pangaltı ( former Mihitaryan Ermeni Mektebi or `` Mihitaryan School '' ) , established in Kandilli in 1811 serves the public in the quarter since 1866 . It was associated with the school of the Armenian Sisters of the Immaculate Conception who were founded in Istanbul in 1847 . The school continues today .
See also
Pangaltı Armenian Cemetery
References
Şişli
Quarters in Istanbul
DOS 7 or DOS-7 may refer to :
Mir Core Module aka DOS-7 , Russian spacecraft
It may also refer to versions of the DR-DOS family :
Novell DOS 7 , successor of Digital Research 's DR DOS 6.0 and NetWare PalmDOS 1.0 in 1993
OpenDOS 7.01 , successor of Novell DOS 7 by Caldera in 1997
DR-OpenDOS 7.02 , successor of OpenDOS 7.01 by Caldera in 1997
DR-DOS 7.02 , successor of DR-OpenDOS 7.02 by Caldera in 1998
DR-DOS 7.03 , successor of DR-DOS 7.02 by Caldera in 1999
DR-DOS 7.04 , LBA/FAT32-enabled OEM version of DR-DOS
DR-DOS 7.05 , LBA/FAT32-enabled OEM version and successor of DR-DOS 7.04
DR-DOS 7.06 , LBA/FAT32-enabled OEM version of DR-DOS
DR-DOS 7.07 , LBA/FAT32-enabled OEM version of DR-DOS
It may also refer to versions of the Microsoft MS-DOS family :
MS-DOS 7.0 , LBA-enabled DOS component bundled with Windows 95 in 1995
MS-DOS 7.1 , LBA/FAT32-enabled DOS component bundled with Windows 98/98 SE in 1998/1999
It may also refer to versions of the IBM PC DOS family :
PC DOS 7 , successor of PC DOS 6.3 in 1995
PC DOS 2000 , successor of PC DOS 7.0 in 1998
PC DOS 7.10 , LBA/FAT32-enabled OEM version and successor of PC DOS 2000
It may also refer to versions of the PhysTechSoft PTS-DOS family :
PTS-DOS 7.0 , 32-bit DOS variant in 1995
PTS-DOS 32 , 32-bit DOS variant
It may also refer to versions of the DataLight ROM-DOS family :
ROM-DOS 7.1 , LBA/FAT32-enabled ROM-DOS variant
See also
DOS 6 ( disambiguation )
DOS 8 ( disambiguation )
DOS ( disambiguation )
The Second Battle of St. Michaels was a raid conducted on Maryland 's Eastern Shore by British soldiers during the War of 1812 . The raid occurred on August 26 , 1813 , at points between Tilghman Island and the town of St. Michaels , Maryland . Local militia defended against the raiders .
The Maryland Eastern Shore communities had access to the Chesapeake Bay , which was the main shipping route to important American cities such as Baltimore and Washington , D.C. St. Michaels was one of the communities with access to the bay , and was a target for the British because of its shipbuilding . About two weeks earlier , the town was successfully defended by artillerists from the local militia when British forces attacked on August 10 in the Battle of St. Michaels .
A large British force landed on the shore at Auld 's Point early in the morning on August 26 . After marching to the main road , the force split into a small group of 300 and a large group of about 1,800 . The small group moved toward Tilghman Island in pursuit of a militia company . Two merchant vessels were burned and a small number of militiamen were captured . Most of the militia fled to safety . The larger group of British moved toward St. Michaels . They were confronted by Maryland militia numbering less than one third of the size of the British force . After a short exchange of artillery and musket fire , the British mysteriously withdrew .
Background
On June 17 , 1812 , the United States Senate approved a resolution passed by the United States House of Representatives that declared war against the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ( a.k.a . Great Britain ) . President James Madison signed the resolution into law on June 18 . The country was not united in its feelings toward Great Britain . Many members of the Federalist political party , a coalition of bankers and business people , were opposed to the war . Contrary to the Federalists , members of the Democratic-Republican Party , who had a numerical superiority , believed a war was justified .
After the declaration of war , the British government declared the ports of the United States to be in a state of blockade . They began stricter enforcement of the blockade in 1813 , when ships were sent to close the port of New York and others further south , including those on the Chesapeake Bay . Early in February 1813 , British ships under the command of Rear Admiral George Cockburn took possession of Hampton Roads at the mouth of Chesapeake Bay , which stopped traffic in and out of the bay . This effectively closed major ports such Norfolk in Virginia and the Port of Baltimore in Maryland .
Beginning in spring , Cockburn conducted raids on towns along the Chesapeake . The raids involved the destruction or removal of property including crops and livestock . On May 3 , Cockburn burned most of Havre de Grace , Maryland . More Maryland coastal towns , Georgetown and Fredericktown , were burned on May 6 . First Lady Dolley Madison called Cockburn 's raids `` savage '' , and Cockburn threatened to capture and parade them through London . Cockburn established a policy that if a town kept no guns or militia , they would leave them unharmed .
Opposing forces
Great Britain
Vice Admiral Sir John Borlase Warren was appointed commander of North America and the West Indies during the summer of 1812 , and in January 1813 Cockburn reported to Warren in the HMS Marlborough . Cockburn led the August 26 raid that began on Auld 's Point ( Wades Point ) near St. Michaels . They had eight ships , plus the First and Second battalions of Royal Marines . They also had the 102nd Regiment of Foot , which was an army regiment . They used about 2,100 men who came ashore in 60 barges . Cockburn led 300 Royal Marines while Colonel Thomas Sydney Beckwith led a larger group of 1,800 men .
United States
Talbot County , which contains the towns Easton , St. Michaels , and other smaller communities , was defended mostly by state militia in 1813 . Maryland 's militia was organized into three divisions with a total of 12 brigades and 11 cavalry districts . Much of the Talbot County militia was formed in 1807 after the attack on the American USS Chesapeake by the British HMS Leopard . Brigadier General Perry Benson , who was a veteran of the American Revolutionary War , commanded the 12th Maryland Brigade , which consisted of militia from Talbot , Caroline , and Dorchester counties . Their force at the battle consisted of the 4th and 26thMaryland infantry regiments , plus several companies of cavalry from the 9th Cavalry District . This force totaled to about 500 men . The 4thMaryland Regiment consisted of men mostly from Easton , and had an artillery company . The 26thMaryland Regiment had companies from the St. Michaels area including Bayside . The 9thCavalry District included companies from Easton , St. Michaels , and Trappe .
Prelude
The British captured Maryland 's Kent Island during early August 1813 . The island is located north of St. Michaels and across the bay from the Maryland state capital , Annapolis . The British landed about 3,000 men on the island , but faced no resistance because most of the inhabitants fled when they learned of the invasion . The island had food and fresh water , and provided a base for operations against Maryland 's Eastern Shore , Annapolis , Baltimore , and Washington . The town of Easton , the largest city on Maryland 's Eastern Shore , was also a potential target .
During this time , the British had ships in Eastern Bay between Kent Island and St. Michaels , causing alarm in Queenstown , St. Michaels , Easton , and the surrounding area . St. Michaels was a target because of its shipbuilding , and had already been attacked on August 10 . At that time , artillerists from Talbot County 's Maryland Militia prevented the British from destroying the town and its shipbuilding wharfs . St. Michaels is located on the St. Michaels River , which is a water route near Kent Island that could be used to get close to Easton . The Eastern Shore 's only armory was located in Easton , as was a bank and plenty of goods for the British to plunder . As a precaution , Easton 's bank sent its specie to Lancaster , Pennsylvania . A second water route to Easton , Treadhaven Creek , was protected by a six-gun battery called Fort Stokes . Queenstown , which is less than from Easton and close to Kent island , was attacked on August 13 .
The British return to Talbot County
Much of the Talbot County militia was sent home after the repulse of the British attack on St. Michaels on August 10 . However , the August 13 attack on Queenstown , and rumors that the entire British fleet was planning to sail up the Choptank River , put the county on alert again . The Choptank River could be used to attack St. Michaels via a branch of Broad Creek , and the Choptank could also be used to get close to Easton via Treadhaven Creek . Militia members were recalled from their homes and prepared for a British invasion of southern Talbot County .
Brigadier General Benson waited near St. Michaels with 500 to 600 militiamen . At 3:00am on August 26 , the British sent 60 barges of troops to Auld 's point ( also known as Wade 's Point ) at Bayside . The HMS Conflict remained nearby in the bay . At the same time , the HMS Highflyer and three schooners were moving toward the St. Michaels River from Eastern Bay . Eleven more barges landed at Hamilton 's Point northwest of St. Michaels . Locals were informed by the British that more troops would land soon—and if the locals remained in their houses , their property would be safe . Around dawn , Benson 's videttes observed the British near Auld 's point , which is about away from St. Michaels . Rear Admiral Cockburn landed about 2,100 men with artillery .
Cockburn 's plan was to attack a militia camp they believed was located between St. Michaels and Tilghman Island . They marched their men approximately to the main Tilghman Island–St . Michaels road , where they split into two forces . A force of 300 Royal Marines went with Cockburn southwest toward Tilghman Island . A second force , led by Colonel Thomas Sydney Beckwith , totaled to about 1,800 men and moved southeast toward St. Michaels . Cockburn hoped to advance past the militia camp and then drive it toward Beckwith . They were also looking for a party of deserters known to have taken a barge to the Bayside shore .
Battle
Cockburn
The militia camp was not found by Cockburn because it did not exist . A small company of militia , led by Captain John Caulk , patrolled the Bayside and Tilghman 's Island area . Once Caulk 's men discovered that their route to other militia forces near St. Michaels was blocked by Cockburn , they dispersed . Most of them escaped by crossing Harris Creek . Those that were captured were taken from their homes . Two small vessels were burned , and a large amount of plunder was taken . The boat used by some deserters from the British army had already been sunk , and the deserters and their sunken boat were not found .
Beckwith
Beckwith marched their men along the Tilghman Island–St . Michaels road toward St. Michaels to a point where Porter Creek and Broad Creek are not far from each other . Here , they formed a line across the road . They were about from St. Michaels , and close to Benson 's militia . Benson 's men were positioned in a wooded area , making it difficult for any intruder to determine the size of the militia force . Benson had three artillery pieces in the middle of their line , surrounded by infantry and cavalry . Eventually the two sides exchanged fire , but what the U.S. National Park Service calls `` the largest Eastern Shore battle '' of the War of 1812 lasted for only a few artillery shots and musket volleys . The British `` mysteriously withdrew '' , and the reason for their withdrawal is still unknown .
Aftermath
The British withdrew with their prisoners and plunder , and both forces were back aboard their ships by 5:00PM after departing from Auld 's ( Wade 's ) Point . The ships on the St. Michaels River , and barges at Hamilton 's Point , did not engage . The only known casualties were 14 militiamen captured by Cockburn . The prisoners were paroled on the next day . On August30 , the British fleet was observed sailing down ( south ) the bay , so most of the militia was sent home .
The British determined that attacks on Annapolis and Baltimore would be ill-advised because those American cities had received substantial reinforcements . They also wished to leave the region before the start of hurricane season . By September , Cockburn had departed for Bermuda , and a small `` skeleton force '' was stationed at the Virginia Capes for blockade purposes . Almost exactly one year after the Second Battle of St. Michaels , the British burned the United States Capitol and President 's Mansion ( White House ) in Washington , DC . While Easton and Annapolis were not attacked during the war , Baltimore fought off the British during September 1814 in the Battle of Baltimore .
Today ( 2021 ) , the Maryland Historical Trust maintains a historic marker near the spot where Benson placed their militia . Little else remains from the battle , and most discussion about the War of 1812 near St. Michaels revolves around the artillery duel on August10 . The St. Michaels Museum at St. Mary 's Square is a small museum near the place Benson and their infantry waited during the August10 battle . A larger exhibition hall is the Chesapeake Bay Maritime Museum , which is located on the north side of the St. Michaels harbor at Navy Point .
Notes
Footnotes
Citations
References
Further reading
External links
The Town That Fooled the British , St Michaels MD - YouTube
St. Michaels Harbor - YouTube ( 31 seconds )
War of 1812 Chesapeake Campaign ... - U.S. Army
St. Michaels
St. Michaels
1813 in Maryland
St. Michael 's
St. Michael 's
Talbot County , Maryland
August 1813 events
The Lancaster Pistol was a multi-barrelled ( 2 or 4 barrels ) handgun produced in England in the mid-late 19th century , chambered in a variety of centrefire pistol calibres—chiefly .38 S & W , .450 Adams , .455 Webley , and .577 inch . The designer , London gunsmith Charles Lancaster , began their career in 1847 as an apprentice to their father , Charles Sr. During the 1850s they invented oval bore rifling and the gas check bullet .
Description
It was a modernised version of the pepper-box pistol popular in the early-mid 19th century . Unlike these earlier guns which had percussion cap ignition , the Lancaster was chambered for the more modern brass cartridges . The unique oval rifling also enabled it to fire .410 shotgun shells . It had a faster rate of fire than the standard-issue Adams revolver and was often fitted with a Tranter-type trigger to overcome the heavy pull of the revolving striker .
Sometimes classified as a Howdah pistol , the Lancaster pistol enjoyed popularity with British officers in India and Africa during the British Raj owing to its faster rate of fire and increased reliability over contemporary revolvers . It was highly prized by hunters and explorers for close range defense against big game such as tigers or cape buffalo . Unlike revolvers , it does not leak gas when fired since there is no gap between the chamber and the barrel . One rare variant , made for the Maharajah of Rewa as a hunting weapon , took the form of a four barreled rifle .
Use in Sudan
Its ammunition had greater stopping power than the contemporary Beaumont–Adams and Colt Navy revolvers , making it ideal for colonial warfare . When facing charging tribesmen like the Zulus or Ansar ( the so-called Sudanese Dervishes ) , more modern ammunition tended to go straight through the enemy who would keep going . What was needed was a heavy lead bullet that would lodge in their body and bring them down . One famous user was the photographer and filmmaker Lieutenant Colonel John Montague Benett Stanford ( 1870-1947 ) , who killed a fanatical assegai-wielding Sudanese Ansar with a Lancaster pistol while working as a war correspondent at the Battle of Omdurman .
It was eventually displaced by the various Webley revolvers in the late 19th century as revolvers became more reliable and faster to reload , thus removing many of the advantages of the multi-barrel design . A few were still in use as late as World War I , and they were well known to be solidly built and easy to maintain .
In popular culture
A double-barreled Lancaster howdah pistol with a unique spring-loaded blade is the weapon of the big-game hunter Remington in The Ghost and the Darkness .
The Lancaster pistol exists as the Howdah Pistol in the 2016 video game Battlefield 1 .
References
Black-powder pistols
Multiple-barrel firearms
Weapons of the United Kingdom
Victorian-era weapons of the United Kingdom
Hunting equipment
John Glass Johnstone ( 20 May 1857 – 2 October 1931 ) was an Australian politician .
They were born in Geelong to saddler John Johnstone and Margaret Nicol . The family moved to Colac in 1867 and Johnstone was apprenticed to their father as a saddler . They soon purchased a tannery , and on 8 June 1882 married Jane Thomson Wilson , with whom they had five children . In 1883 they established an auctioneering , stock and station agency , and from 1901 to 1902 they served on Colac Shire Council . In 1911 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the Liberal member for Polwarth . They served until their resignation in 1917 . Johnstone died in Colac in 1931 .
References
1857 births
1931 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
Politicians from Geelong
Australian stock and station agents
Pauls may refer to :
Pauls ( given name )
Pauls ( surname )
Pauls ( dairy ) , Australian dairy brand name
Paüls , municipality in Tarragona , Catalonia , Spain
See also
Paul ( disambiguation )
Pauls Agriculture
Pauls Valley
Paul 's
Wanke nicht , mein Vaterland ( `` Do not falter , my fatherland '' ) , also known as Schleswig-Holstein , meerumschlungen ( `` Schleswig-Holstein , embraced by the sea '' ) or Schleswig-Holstein-Lied is the unofficial anthem of Schleswig-Holstein . It was written in 1844 and presented at the Schleswiger Sängerfest . The tune was written by ( 1772–1862 ) . The text had originally been written by Berlin-based lawyer Karl Friedrich Straß ( 1803–1864 ) but rewritten by ( 1815–1870 ) shortly before the start of the Sängerfest in order to represent the then atmosphere in a better way . The song expresses the wish for a united , independent and German Schleswig-Holstein .
History
Middle Ages
Following the death of Adolphus VIII , childless duke of Schleswig and count of Holstein , in 1459 the nobility was keen to preserve the unity of both countries under the rule of one monarch . After the failure of the first attempts to find a successor , the Danish king Christian I came into consideration . In 1460 , they were finally elected after having granted certain privileges to the nobility , amongst others the independence of Schleswig and Holstein from the Kingdom of Denmark . According to the Ripener Urkunde , no legal link existed between Schleswig , Holstein and Denkmark , save the personal union . It furthermore assured that „ dat se bliven ewich tosamende ungedelt “ ( `` that they [ Schleswig and Holstein ] remain united forever '' ) .
19th century
After the wars of liberation against Napoleonic hegemony had caused national bankruptcy for Denmark in 1813 , the population of Schleswig and Holstein were taxed stronger than the Danish populace by a currency reform . Thus , the rivalry between Germans and Danes became fiercer . The southern duchies of Holstein and Saxe-Lauenburg had already been constituent states of the Holy Roman Empire before 1806 and of the German Confederation in 1815 whereas the Duchy of Schleswig was a Danish fief with the Danish king as duke and liege .
In 1840 , Danish was introduced as official language in Northern Schleswig but the attempt to make Danish equal to German in the entire duchy failed due to the assembly of estates loyal to the German cause .
Schleswiger Sängerfest
In the context of the German national movement of the 19th century , Sängerfeste ( Festivals of Singers ) with a political background took place throughout Germany ( for example the Hambacher Fest ) . Following this tradition , Schleswig had its Sängerfest in 1844 where Matthäus Friedrich Chemnitz presented their song Wanke nicht , mein Vaterland , a rewritten version of a poem by Karl Friedrich Straß , in which they uttered their wish for a united , independent and German Schleswig-Holstein , which is the reason why they famously replaced the comma of Straß 's version with a hyphen , thus stressing the union between both countries. < ref > Mecking , Sabine , Yvonne Wasserloos ( ed. ) . Musik , Macht , Staat : kulturelle , soziale und politische Wandlungsprozesse in der Moderne . Göttingen : V & R unipress , 2012 . Page 118. < /ref >
Their version of the song became immensely popular during the Sängerfest and was promoted to a sort of `` battle song '' for freedom and independence .
1848–1866
The political tensions culminated in the First Schleswig War of 1848 that ended three years later with the victory of Denmark without resolving the underlying problems . The Danish government pledged to reinstall the Danish state in its former form , thus granting every part of it the same rights .
In 1855 , the Danish government designed a bilingual constitution that was rejected by the assembly of estates of Holstein and declared invalid by the Bundestag '' in Frankfurt three years later . In 1863 , Denmark finally introduced a common constitution for both the Kingdom of Denmark and the Duchy of Schleswig . This violation of the agreement of 1851/1852 led to outrage in Germany .
As Denmark refused to abolish this constitution in 1864 , the Second Schleswig War broke out , this time ending with German victory . Thereafter , Austria and Prussia administered the duchies of Schleswig , Holstein and Lauenburg together . After the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 , Prussia annexed the duchies , forming the Province of Schleswig-Holstein .
Lyrics
Original lyrics by Karl Friedrich Straß ( 1844 )
Explanation of the lyrics
The `` double oak '' refers to a tree with two different trunks that grows separately but is nonetheless united . `` Under the roof of one crown '' expresses the wish to have a common government . The `` threatening north '' and the `` mild south '' allude to Denmark and Germany respectively . The `` wild breakwaters '' are bothersome foreign influences , and `` inner tempests '' apply to conflicts within Schleswig .
See also
Badnerlied
Bayernhymne
Brandenburglied
Elsässisches Fahnenlied
Frankenlied
Hessenlied
Niedersachsenlied
Ostpreußenlied
Preußenlied
Württemberger Hymne
Zu Mantua in Banden
References
External links
The anthem on the website of the Society for the History of Schleswig-Holstein
First stanza of the song on YouTube .
German patriotic songs
German poems
James Merry may refer to :
James R. Merry ( 1927–2001 ) , Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
James Merry ( Scottish politician ) ( 1805–1877 ) , MP for Falkirk Burghs 1859–1874
The Junior men 's race at the 1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Stellenbosch , South Africa , at the Danie Craven Stadium on March 23 , 1996 . A preview on the event was given in the Herald , and a report in The New York Times .
Complete results , medallists ,
and the results of British athletes were published .
Race results
Junior men 's race ( 8.35 km )
Individual
Teams
Note : Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 140 athletes from 38 countries in the Junior men 's race . This is in agreement with the official numbers as published .
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 4 )
( 2 )
( 2 )
( 4 )
( 5 )
( 6 )
( 4 )
( 1 )
( 6 )
( 3 )
( 6 )
( 4 )
( 1 )
( 6 )
( 6 )
( 2 )
( 6 )
( 4 )
( 4 )
( 4 )
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 4 )
( 2 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 4 )
( 6 )
( 6 )
( 2 )
( 6 )
( 6 )
( 1 )
( 4 )
See also
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men 's race
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women 's race
1996 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women 's race
References
Junior men 's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1996 in youth sport
Marco Weber ( born 28 September 1982 ) is a German long track speed skater who participates in international competitions .
Personal records
Career highlights
World Single Distance Championships
2003 - Berlin , 21st at 5000 m
2005 - Inzell , 20th at 5000 m
2005 - Inzell , 7th at 10000 m
European Allround Championships
2005 - Heerenveen , 15th
2006 - Hamar , 22nd
2008 - Kolomna , 15th
World Junior Allround Championships
2001 - Groningen , 11th
2002 - Collalbo , 4th
National Championships
2004 - Erfurt , 3rd at 10000 m
2005 - Berlin , 1st at 5000 m
2005 - Inzell , 1st at allround
2006 - Berlin , 1st at 5000 m
2007 - Erfurt , 2nd at 5000 m
2007 - Erfurt , 1st at 10000 m
2007 - Berlin , 2nd at allround
2008 - Inzell , 3rd at 1500 m allround
2008 - Inzell , 2nd at 5000 m allround
European Youth-23 Games
2004 - Göteborg , 1st at 5000 m
2004 - Göteborg , 1st at 10000 m
Nordic Junior Games
2000 - Chemnitz , 2nd at 5000 m
External links
Homepage
Weber at Jakub Majerski 's Speedskating Database
Weber at SkateResults.com
Weber at effesport.nl
1982 births
German male speed skaters
Living people
Speed skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Germany
Place of birth missing ( living people )
National Weather Service Quad Cities is a National Weather Service forecast office . weather forecast office based in Davenport , Iowa . It is tasked with providing weather and emergency information to 21 counties in east-central and southeast Iowa , 13 counties in northwest and west-central Illinois , and two counties in extreme northeast Missouri .
History
The Quad Cities Weather office was established on May 24 , 1871 , starting out on the third floor of the First National Bank building at Second and Main Streets in Davenport . The office would move around Davenport several times over the course of the next sixty-five years before relocating across the state line to the Moline airport ( now known as Quad Cities International Airport ) in October 1936 .
In October 1993 , construction on a new facility for the Quad Cities office began near Davenport Municipal Airport , and the Quad Cities NWS began the transition from Moline back to Davenport , a move that was completed by February 1995 . The following month , the Quad Cities office 's county warning area expanded to 34 counties - 21 in Iowa and 13 in Illinois . In November 1999 , the St. Louis NWS office transferred responsibility for Clark and Scotland counties in extreme northeast Missouri to the Quad Cities weather office , bringing the total number of counties in the Quad Cities office 's county warning area to its present number of 36 .
In June 2017 , the Quad Cities office moved into a new facility , also on the grounds of Davenport Municipal Airport .
NOAA Weather Radio
The Quad Cities forecast office operates the following eleven NOAA Weather Radio transmitters to broadcast weather forecasts , watches , warnings , and other relevant emergency information to persons in its county warning area , as well as adjacent counties served by other NWS forecast offices :
References
External links
NWS Quad Cities Main Page
NOAA Weather Radio Coverage Maps
Quad Cities
NOAA Weather Radio
Davenport , Iowa
Steve Phillips ( born 17 March 1972 ) is an English athlete who competed in the long jump event . They have a personal best distance of 8.03 metres .
Athletics career
Phillips represented England at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia finishing 7th and represented Great Britain at the 1998 IAAF World Cup in Johannesburg , South Africa finishing 8th .
They were the first British athlete to win a gold medal in the men 's long jump at the European Under 20 Athletics Championships , winning in Thessaloniki , Greece in 1991 . This represented Britain 's first gold medal in the men 's long jump at European , World or Olympic level for nearly 25 years , the last being 1964 Olympic gold medallist Lynn Davies winning gold at the 1967 European Indoor Games .
Phillips also won three British titles . Two of these were outdoor titles in 1997 and 1999 and one indoor title in 1997 . In 2000 they suffered a torn achilles tendon which ended their bid for selection for the Sydney 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
1972 births
Living people
British male long jumpers
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Dorgeli ( ; , Durgeli ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Karabudakhkentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 5,783 as of 2010 . There are 24 streets .
Geography
Dorgeli is located 30 km southwest of Karabudakhkent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Chankurbe and Chabanmakhi are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Kumyks live there .
Famous residents
Nazir Magomedgadzhiyev ( scholar-theologian )
Magomed-Sultan Magomedov ( founder and president of the football club `` Anji '' ( Makhachkala ) , deputy of the People 's Assembly of the Republic of Dagestan )
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Elphas Mukonoweshuro ( c. 1953 – 5 August 2011 ) was a Zimbabwean political scientist and politician . A former University of Zimbabwe dean of social studies , they were the Movement for Democratic Change-Tsvangirai member of parliament for Gutu South in Masvingo Province .
On 10 February 2009 , Morgan Tsvangirai designated Mukonoweshuro for the position of Minister of Public Service as part of the Zimbabwe Government of National Unity of 2009 .
Mukonoweshuro died after a short illness in South Africa on 5 August 2011 .
References
Year of birth missing
2011 deaths
University of Zimbabwe faculty
People from Harare
Government ministers of Zimbabwe
This is a list of the main association football rivalries in Germany .
Domestic club football
Inter-regional
Regional
Baden-Württemberg
Bavaria
Former East Germany
Hesse
Schleswig-Holstein
Lower Saxony / Bremen
North Rhine-Westphalia
Saarland
Local
Bavarian football derbies :
Munich derby : Bayern Munich vs. 1860 Munich
Unterhaching–Munich derby : SpVgg Unterhaching vs. Bayern Munich or 1860 Munich
Augsburg derby : TV 1847 Augsburg vs. BC Augsburg
Würzburg derby : Würzburger Kickers vs. Würzburger FV
Berliner derbies :
East–West Berlin derby : Union Berlin vs. Hertha BSC
East Berlin derby : Union Berlin vs. BFC Dynamo
Berliner political derby : Berliner AK 07 vs. BFC Dynamo
Bochum derby : VfL Bochum vs. SG Wattenscheid
Brandenburg derby : Brandenburger SC vs. Stahl Brandenburg
Cologne derby : 1 . FC Köln vs. Fortuna Köln vs. Viktoria Köln
Essen derby : Rot-Weiss Essen vs. Schwarz-Weiß Essen
Frankfurt derby : Eintracht Frankfurt vs. FSV Frankfurt
Hamburg derby : Hamburger SV vs. FC St. Pauli
Herzogenaurach ( Adidas–Puma ) derby : ASV Herzogenaurach vs. 1 . FC Herzogenaurach
Leipzig derby : Chemie Leipzig vs. Lokomotive Leipzig
Oldenburg derby : VfB Oldenburg vs. VfL Oldenburg
Stuttgart derby : VfB Stuttgart vs. Stuttgarter Kickers
European club football
Real Madrid versus Bayern Munich is the match that has historically been played most often in the Champions League/European Cup with 26 matches . Real 's former biggest loss at home in the Champions League came at the hands of Bavaria on 29 February 2000 ( 2–4 ) . Due to Bavaria being traditionally hard to beat for Madrid , Madrid supporters often refer to Bavaria as the `` Bestia negra '' ( `` Black Beast '' ) . Despite the number of duels , Bayern and Real have never met in the final of a Champions League or European Cup .
National team
The German national team also has many rivalries , including with England , Italy , the Netherlands , France , and Poland . When there were two German national teams , West and East Germany , they were also rivals .
England
The England–Germany football rivalry is considered to be mainly an English phenomenon—in the run-up to any competition match between the two teams , many UK newspapers will print articles detailing results of previous encounters , such as those in 1966 and 1990 . Football fans in England often consider Germany to be their main sporting rivals and care more about this rivalry than those with other nations , such as Argentina or Scotland . Most German fans consider the Netherlands or Italy to be their traditional footballing rivals , and as such , usually the rivalry is not taken quite as seriously there as it is in England .
The English and German national football teams have played each other since the end of the 19th century , and officially since 1930 . The teams met for the first time in November 1899 , when England beat Germany in four straight matches . Notable matches between England and Germany ( or West Germany ) include the 1966 FIFA World Cup Final , and the semi-finals of the 1990 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 1996 .
Italy
The Germany–Italy football rivalry between the national football teams of Germany and Italy , the two most successful football nations in Europe and only behind Brazil internationally , is a long-running one . Overall , the two teams have won eight FIFA World Cup championships ( four each ) and made a total of fourteen appearances in the final of the tournament ( eight for Germany and six for Italy ) – more than all the other European nations combined . They have played against each other five times in the World Cup , and many of these matches have been notable in the history of the tournament . `` Game of the Century '' , the 1970 semifinal between the two countries that Italy won 4–3 in extra time , was so dramatic that it is commemorated by a plaque at the entrance of the Estadio Azteca in Mexico City .
Germany has also won three European Championships while Italy has won it twice . The two countries have faced each other four times in the European championship , with three draws ( one German penalty shoot-out victory ) and one Italian victory . While Germany has won more international championships , Italy is largely dominant in the head-to-head international match-up , having beaten Germany 15 times in 35 games , with 12 draws and 8 defeats . Moreover , Germany had never defeated Italy in a major tournament match until their victory in the Euro 2016 quarter finals , on penalties ( though statistically considered a draw ) , with all Germany 's other wins over Italy being in friendly competitions . However , the draw between the two teams in the group stage of Euro 1996 eliminated Italy from the tournament , while Germany had already qualified for the knockout stage .
Netherlands
The Germany–Netherlands football rivalry is one of the few longstanding football rivalries at a national level . Beginning in 1974 when the Dutch lost the 1974 FIFA World Cup to West Germany in the final ( though deeply rooted in Dutch anti-German sentiment due to the German occupation of the Netherlands during World War II ) the rivalry between the two nations has become one of the best known international football rivalries in the world .
Both football nations have been among the top ranked according to the strongest football nations by Elo Ratings , and have met a total of 40 times ( of which 8 matches were competitive ) which resulted in 15 victories for Germany , 15 draws , and 10 victories for the Netherlands .
East Germany vs. West Germany
The East Germany–West Germany football rivalry was an association football rivalry between teams from East Germany and West Germany , existing from 1949 to 1990 , while two separate German countries existed .
Clubs from the two countries met at official level in both national team and club competitions like the FIFA World Cup or the European Cup . While the West German national team received strong support in East Germany , with supporters from the East often travelling to away matches of the West German team in Eastern Europe , encounters between teams from the East and West in European Cup competitions were often hard-fought .
See also
Association football and politics
Football hooliganism # Germany
List of association football club rivalries in Europe
References
External links
FootballDerbies.com
FIFA.com
EuroRivals.net – fixtures , results and videos of football derbies
Jeremy M. Nobis ( born August 31 , 1970 , in Madison , Wisconsin ) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics .
Nobis was one of the pioneers of the aggressive big mountain skiing that now dominates the industry . A star of many ski films by studios such as Warren Miller Entertainment , Teton Gravity Research and Matchstick Productions they are respected as a legend of the sport .
References
External links
https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4QFTIYthpiM
1970 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
The 2022 season is the Baltimore Ravens ' 27th in the National Football League ( NFL ) and their 15th under head coach John Harbaugh . They attempt to improve on their 8–9 record from the previous season .
Offseason
Players added
Players lost
Draft
Pre-draft trades
Baltimore received a Resolution JC-2A third-round selection ( No . 100 ) as compensation for assistant head coach and passing game coordinator David Culley being hired as the head coach of the Houston Texans .
Baltimore traded wide receiver Marquise Brown and their third-round selection ( No . 100 ) to the Arizona Cardinals in exchange for a first-round pick ( No . 23 ) .
Baltimore traded their first-round selection ( No . 23 ) to the Buffalo Bills in exchange for their first round pick ( No . 25 ) and their fourth round pick ( No . 130 ) .
Baltimore traded offensive guard Ben Bredeson to the New York Giants in exchange for their fourth-round selection ( No . 110 ) .
Baltimore traded a fourth-round selection and a sixth-round selection in the 2021 NFL Draft to the Arizona Cardinals for a fourth-round pick ( No . 128 ) .
Baltimore traded center Greg Mancz to the Miami Dolphins in exchange for their sixth-round selection ( No . 196 ) .
Baltimore Ravens traded a conditional seventh-round selection to the Jacksonville Jaguars in exchange for tight end Josh Oliver . The trade was conditional on Oliver making Baltimore 's roster in 2021 .
Staff
Coaching changes
Directory
Current roster
Preseason
The Ravens ' preseason opponents and schedule were announced in the spring .
Note
The Ravens ' three preseason victories extended their preseason winning streak to 23 games ( an NFL record ) .
Regular season
Schedule
Notes
Intra-division opponents are in bold text .
Networks and times from Weeks 5–14 and Week 17 are subject to change as a result of flexible scheduling ; games not played on a Sunday ( Weeks 8 and 9 ) are exempt .
As the result of Saturday flexible scheduling during Week 15 , the date , time and network for that week 's game at the Cleveland Browns will be finalized at a later date—by no later than four weeks prior to game day .
The date , time and network for Week 18 will be determined at the end of Week 17 .
Game summaries
Week 1 : at New York Jets
After a somewhat slow start , the Ravens outscored the Jets , who were led by former Ravens QB Joe Flacco , 21–3 in the 2nd and 3rd quarters enroute to a 24–9 season opening victory . Lamar Jackson threw for 213 yards , three touchdowns , and an interception ; the first two touchdowns went to Devin Duvernay while the third one was caught by Rashod Bateman . With the win , the Ravens started the season 1–0 and snapped a six game losing streak which dated back to Week 12 of the previous season .
Week 2 : vs. Miami Dolphins
Despite leading 35-14 heading into the fourth quarter , the Dolphins outscored the Ravens 28-3 in the fourth quarter , allowing a go-ahead touchdown with 14 seconds left in the game , making the final score 42-38 . Jackson threw for 318 yards , three touchdowns , and rushed for 119 yards and a touchdown and surpassed Michael Vick for the most 100-yard rushing games by a quarterback with their 79-yard touchdown run in the third quarter in a losing effort . With the loss , the Ravens dropped to 1–1 and lost their second straight game against the Dolphins .
Week 3 : Baltimore Ravens 37 , New England Patriots 26
This was the Ravens first regular season victory in New England in franchise history . They 'd previously been 0-6 in the regular season and 2-2 in the postseason .
Week 4 : vs. Buffalo Bills
Standings
Division
Conference
Individual awards
References
External links
Baltimore
Baltimore Ravens seasons
Baltimore Ravens
2020s in Baltimore
Ana Maria Josepa Dorotea Egual i Miguel ( Castellón , January 1655 - Valencia , 23 April 1735 ) , daughter of José Egual Borrás and Basilia Miguel , was a Spanish poet and dramatist . In 1676 , they married Chrysostom Peris , Marquess of Castellfort , and moved to Valencia , where they convened literary academies . At the time of their death , almost all their work was destroyed , but some plays and various poems were saved .
Biography
Maria Egual spent their youth in Castellón and married Chrysostom Peris ( first Marquis of Xínquer , and then of Castellfort ) . They held a literary academy in their home in Valencia . They wrote poetry , plays and narratives before their death . Them work was destroyed at the time of their death , although three volumes were conserved . Them literature is of a late Baroque style . They cultivated several poetic models , such as the paradramàtics colloquis .
Selected works
El esclavo de su dama .
Los triunfos de Tesalia .
Triunfos de amor en el aire .
References
Bibliography
María Egual , Poesías de la marquesa doña María Egual y Miguel , marquesa de Castellfort .
Pasqual Mas y Javier Vellón ( 1997 ) , La literatura barroca en Castellón . María Egual . Obra Completa . Sociedad Castellonense de Cultura .
1735 deaths
1655 births
17th-century Spanish poets
18th-century Spanish poets
Spanish women poets
People from Castellón de la Plana
18th-century women writers
The Brazilian municipal elections of 2012 took place on October 7 and on October 28 ( for cities with more than 200,000 voters , where the second round is available ) . Over 138 million voters chose mayors , deputy mayors and city councillors for the 5,568 municipalities of Brazil . These were the first elections in which the recently registered parties Partido Pátria Livre ( PPL ) and Partido Social Democrático ( PSD ) participated ; they were both recognized by the Superior Electoral Court ( Tribunal Superior Eleitoral – TSE ) in 2011 . Political parties whose candidates wished to run for the 2012 elections had to be registered at the TSE for at least one year before the election date , while candidates also had to be affiliated to a party for the same period of time . Conventions for the selection of candidates within the parties occurred between 10 and 30 June , while the registry of candidates and alliances with the Regional Electoral Courts ( Tribunais Regionais Eleitorais – TREs ) took place until July 5 . Electoral campaign was authorized from the moment a candidacy had been registered . The free electoral program ( propaganda eleitoral gratuita ) – two daily slots on free-to-air TV and radio for political advertising paid by the Electoral Justice fund – ran weekdays from 21 August until 4 October . According to the current Brazilian electoral law , the two-round system – should the leading candidate receive less than 50 % +1 of the votes – is only available for cities with more than 200,000 voters . This includes all state capitals , with the exception of Boa Vista , Roraima and Palmas , Tocantins , plus 59 other municipalities . The free electoral program for the second round ran from 13 October until 26 October .
Below is a list of the cities where the runoff took place ( bold denote state capitals ) . These cities are home to 31 725 967 of the country 's total constituency of 140 646 446 registered electors ; that is , 22.56 % of Brazilian voters went to the polling stations on October 28 .
Belém , Pará
Belford Roxo , Rio de Janeiro
Blumenau , Santa Catarina
Campina Grande , Paraíba
Campinas , São Paulo
Campo Grande , Mato Grosso do Sul
Cariacica , Espírito Santo
Cascavel , Paraná
Contagem , Minas Gerais
Cuiabá , Mato Grosso
Curitiba , Paraná
Diadema , São Paulo
Duque de Caxias , Rio de Janeiro
Florianópolis , Santa Catarina
Fortaleza , Ceará
Franca , São Paulo
Guarujá , São Paulo
Guarulhos , São Paulo
João Pessoa , Paraíba
Joinville , Santa Catarina
Juiz de Fora , Minas Gerais
Jundiaí , São Paulo
Londrina , Paraná
Macapá , Amapá
Manaus , Amazonas
Maringá , Paraná
Mauá , São Paulo
Montes Claros , Minas Gerais
Natal , Rio Grande do Norte
Niterói , Rio de Janeiro
Nova Iguaçu , Rio de Janeiro
Pelotas , Rio Grande do Sul
Petrópolis , Rio de Janeiro
Ponta Grossa , Paraná
Porto Velho , Rondônia
Ribeirão Preto , São Paulo
Santo André , São Paulo
Rio Branco , Acre
Salvador , Bahia
São Gonçalo , Rio de Janeiro
São Luís , Maranhão
São Paulo , São Paulo
Sorocaba , São Paulo
Taubaté , São Paulo
Teresina , Piauí
Uberaba , Minas Gerais
Vila Velha , Espírito Santo
Vitória , Espírito Santo
Vitória da Conquista , Bahia
Volta Redonda , Rio de Janeiro
Election results
The following tables ' contents can also be found at the Superior Electoral Court website .
Mayoral elections
City councillors ' elections
See also
2012 Goiânia mayoral election
References
2012 elections in Brazil
Municipal elections in Brazil
October 2012 events in South America
2013 Turkish Super Cup ( Turkish : TFF Süper Kupa ) was the 40th edition of the Turkish Super Cup since its establishment as Presidential Cup in 1966 . The match was contested between the 2012–13 Süper Lig champions Galatasaray and the 2012–13 Turkish Cup winners Fenerbahçe , making the game the 375th edition of Kıtalar Arası Derbi . The game was a rematch of the 2012 Turkish Super Cup , which was won by titleholders Galatasaray .
Background
This will be the 5th overall national super cup matchup between the teams since 1966 , and the second matchup since 2006 , when the cup was rebranded as TFF Süper Kupa . Galatasaray last won the cup in 2012 against Fenerbahçe , and Fenerbahçe last won the cup in 2009 against Beşiktaş . In their previous finals , both teams won twice . Galatasaray in 1996 and 2012 , and Fenerbahçe in 1973 and 1985 .
Path to the final
Galatasaray were champions in the regular season , finishing ten points ahead of Fenerbahçe . In the regular season , Galatasaray collected 71 points by 21 wins , 8 draws and 5 losses . They were trailed by Fenerbahçe , who collected 61 points by 18 wins , 7 draws and 9 losses .
Although runners-up of the league , Fenerbahçe performed better in the domestic cup . They entered the tournament at the fourth round . They won their fourth round match against Pendikspor . In the fifth round , they beat Göztepe . In the group stage they were drawn against Sivasspor , 1461 Trabzon , and Bursaspor but were winners in the group . The semi-finals were the toughest home and away matches for Fenerbahçe , as they struggled against Eskişehirspor but were winners after a penalty shoot-out . In the 2013 Turkish Cup Final they were crowned champions against rivals Trabzonspor by a decisive 1–0 win . This was a consecutive win for Fenerbahçe , as they were titleholders of the 2012 Turkish Cup Final .
Match
Details
See also
2012–13 Süper Lig
2012–13 Turkish Cup
References
2013
Super Cup
Super Cup 2013
Galatasaray S.K . ( football ) matches
Fritz Weigert ( 18 September 1876 – 13 April 1947 ) was a German physical chemist . Weigert has made major contributions in the field of photochemistry . They were born in Berlin . They were the nephew of both Karl Weigert and Paul Ehrlich . They were married to Margarete Behmer . Around 1908 , they began teaching and conducting research at Berlin University - after studying there . They were a photochemistry professor at Leipzig University from 1914 until being , like other Jewish scientists , forced out by the Nazis in 1934 . On January 1st , 1935 , they immigrated to England and in 1936 was director of the Physiochemical Department of the Cancer Research Institute at Mount Vernon Hospital , Northwood .
They elucidated the metabolism of the carcinogenic hydrocarbon 3,4-benzpyrene by fluorescence spectroscopy .
Works
( 1901 ) About the sulfurized dibutolactone , Reports of the German Chemical Society
( 1903 ) , Ueber organische Synthesen mittels Kohlenoxysulfid . Ber . Dtsch . Chem . Ges. , 36 : 1007-1013. doi:10.1002/cber.190303601208
( 1905 ) About reversible photochemical reactions in the homogeneous system
( 1908 ) About Chemical Light Effects
( 1911 ) , Die chemischen Wirkungen des Lichts ( The Chemical Effects of Light )
( 1913 ) About the activation of oxygen by radiation , Reports of the German Chemical Society
( 1919 ) , A new effect of radiation in photosensitive layers
( 1916 ) , Über Absorptionsspektren und über eine einfache Methode zu ihrer quantitativen Bestimmung . Ber . Dtsch . Chem . Ges. , 49 : 1496-1532. doi:10.1002/cber.191604901176
( 1917 ) About real photochemical processes . Zeitschrift für Physikalische Chemie , Volume 130U , Issue 1 , Pages 607–615 , ISSN ( Online ) 2196-7156 , ISSN ( Print ) 0942-9352 , doi : 10.1515/zpch-1927-13065 .
( 1920 ) , Über die spezifische Wirkung der polarisierten Strahlung . Ann . Phys. , 368 : 681-725. doi:10.1002/andp.19203682402
( 1921 ) Weigert , F. Pflügers Arch . 190 : 177. https : //doi.org/10.1007/BF01723387
( 1921 ) Weigert , F. Z. Physik . Über einen neuen Effekt der Strahlung 5 : 410. https : //doi.org/10.1007/BF01327678
( 1923 ) On the photochemistry of chlorine . Journal of Physical Chemistry
( 1924 ) About the polarization state of the resonance radiation and about its influence by weak magnetic fields . Polarisierte Fluoreszenz in Farbstofflösungen Zeitschrift für Physik , Volume 25 , Number 1 , Page 99-117
( 1927 ) Optische Methoden der Chemie ( Optical Methods of Chemistry )
( 1927 ) About the mechanism of photochemical polymerization of anthracene . Natural Sciences
( 1929 ) Photochemical to the theory of color vision . Zeitschrift für Physikalische Chemie , Volume 3B , Issue 1 , Pages 377–388 , ISSN ( Online ) 2196-7156 , ISSN ( Print ) 0942-9352 , doi : /10.1515/zpch-1929-0328 .
( 1929 ) About monochromatic light filters .
( 1930 ) Color-ability , a new property of the latent photographic image . Natural Sciences
( 1933 ) The Colloid Chemistry of Photoanisotrophy
( 1940 ) Photochemical Studies on Color Vision
Berenblum and Halban , in : Nature , no . 159 ( 1947 ) , 733 .
References
Jewish Virtual Library : Fritz Weigert
External links
Jewish Virtual Library
University of Leipzig
Obituary in Naturevolume 159 , page733 ( 1947 )
Mapping the Lives
1876 births
1947 deaths
20th-century German chemists
German physical chemists
Photochemists
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
Scientists from Berlin
Svenskvollen is a village in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county , Norway . The village lies along the river Vefsna ( also called Susna ) in the Susendal valley , just north of Børgefjell National Park . The village is home to Susendal Church , which serves the southern part of Hattfjelldal . The village of Hattfjelldal , the municipal centre , lies about to the north .
References
Hattfjelldal
Villages in Nordland
Kızılca , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Christian Carmack Sanderson ( 1882–1966 ) was a teacher , fiddler , square dance caller , poet , and noted local historian in southeastern Pennsylvania , United States , in the early to mid-20th century . They corresponded with a wide range of notable people of their time and was a remarkable collector of historical memorabilia ( which are the basis of the collections on display in the Christian C. Sanderson Museum ) .
Sanderson lived the latter part of their life in Chadds Ford , Pennsylvania and was friends with the Wyeth family there ( including artists N.C. , Andrew and Jamie ) . From 1906 to 1922 , Sanderson lived in the Benjamin Ring House , which was Washington 's Headquarters before and after the Battle of Brandywine and `` more than any individual in their time , Christian Sanderson focused attention on the Battle '' .
Sanderson is the subject of a biography written by their friend Thomas R. Thompson . and a documentary film by Karen Kuder .
See also
Christian C. Sanderson Museum
References
External links
Bio on the Christian C. Sanderson Museum website
Cadot , Agnes A . 1975 . `` Book Reviews : Chris : A Biography of Christian C. Sanderson , by Thomas R . Thompson . '' Pennsylvania History 42 ( 1 ) : 89-91 )
1882 births
1966 deaths
Historians of Pennsylvania
People from Chadds Ford Township , Pennsylvania
Schoolteachers from Pennsylvania
American fiddlers
20th-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
Historians from Pennsylvania
20th-century American educators
20th-century violinists
20th-century American male writers
Kuşçu , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Lucilia may refer to :
Lucilia ( wife of Lucretius ) , the wife of Roman philosopher Lucretius
Lucilia ( fly ) , a greenbottle fly genus in the family Calliphoridae
Lucilia ( plant ) , a plant genus in the family Asteraceae
and also :
Napaea lucilia , a butterfly species in the genus Napaea ( Mesosemiini , Riodinidae )
Sabatinca lucilia , a moth species
See also
Lucilius
Genus disambiguation pages
Liam Carberry ( born 24 February 1993 ) is an English rugby league footballer who plays for the Rochdale Hornets in the Betfred Championship .
Widnes
On 23 April 2014 , Carberry signed a new deal that would keep them at the club for at least another year . The young hooker has yet to make a Super League appearance for Widnes after breaking their leg and damaging ankle ligaments during a pre-season friendly .
They played for Whitehaven .
References
1993 births
Living people
English rugby league players
Rochdale Hornets players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from St Helens , Merseyside
South Wales Scorpions players
Swinton Lions players
Whitehaven R.L.F.C . players
Widnes Vikings players
Wigan Warriors players
Gwyneth George ( 27 May 1920 – 16 February 2016 ) was a British cellist and teacher .
Life
Gwyneth George was born on the Mumbles , Wales , on 27 May 1920 , and educated in Swansea . They studied at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama , and won a scholarship to the Royal College of Music , where they were a student of Ivor James . They later studied with Enrico Mainardi in Rome and with Paul Tortelier in Paris .
In 1950 they made their debut at the Wigmore Hall , and during the 1950s gave concerts around the UK .
In the early 1960 they were a professor of music in Kingston , Jamaica . Returning to Britain , they taught at the Trinity College of Music , London , and regularly performed with the Argentine pianist Alberto Portugheis from 1967 to 1972 , in the UK and elsewhere in Europe .
Gwyneth George made one commercial recording , in 1971 of cello sonatas by Rachmaninoff and Shostakovich , accompanied by Portugheis . The Shostakovich was described by the critic of The Gramophone as `` the most searching account of the work I have met on LP '' .
In 1979 they gave the first performance of Five Nocturnes and Cadenzas , written for them by Alun Hoddinott .
They gave their name in 1998 to the Gwyneth George Award , presented annually by the Beethoven Piano Society of Europe to a chamber music group .
References
1920 births
2016 deaths
Musicians from Swansea
Alumni of the Guildhall School of Music and Drama
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
Academics of Trinity College of Music
Welsh classical musicians
20th-century classical musicians
The Oscar C. Woods House is a historic building located on the east side of Davenport , Iowa , United States . It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1984 .
Oscar C. Woods
Oscar Woods was born in Passumpsic , Vermont in 1835 , the son of Riley and Lydia ( White ) Woods . They were educated in the local public schools and attended St. Johnsbury Academy . They first moved to Chicago and then to La Moille , Illinois where they married Qeora Holbrooke in 1864 . They had one child who died young and adopted a daughter . Woods was involved in the dry-goods business with their brother while they were in Illinois and then raised livestock . After they settled in Davenport in 1883 they purchased , with others , a wholesale fruit business , which they organized as The Martin Woods Company . Woods would build a larger house on East Locust Street in 1900 . It is a contributing property in the Oak Lane Historic District .
Architecture
The two-story , frame house built on a stone foundation is an example of a popular 19th-century Vernacular house style in Davenport known as the McClelland . It features a front gable , a three-bay facade with an entrance to one side , and a projecting polygonal window bay on the south side . Some of the embellishments that gave this house interest have either been covered with vinyl siding or have been removed entirely . One of the removed elements was an Adamesque-style porch from around the turn of the 20th-century . It was decorated with swags and ribbon motif in the pediment , and columns in the Tuscan order . It also featured ornamental shingling of the gable ends on the front and on the south side window bay . At one time the window surrounds had small bracketed cornices and heads with incised decorations .
References
Houses completed in 1880
Vernacular architecture in Iowa
Houses in Davenport , Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport , Iowa
Miguel Ángel Angulo Valderrey ( ; born 23 June 1977 ) is a Spanish former professional footballer , currently manager of Valencia CF Mestalla . Predominantly an attacking midfielder , they were also able to play as a right winger and even as a right-back or a forward .
Basing their football on inexhaustible physical display , Angulo was much appreciated by trainers because of their versatility , and spent most of their career at Valencia where they won a total of seven major titles , including two La Liga championships and the 2004 UEFA Cup .
Club career
Valencia
Born in Oviedo , Asturias , Angulo began their football career with local Sporting de Gijón , joining Valencia CF in 1995 at the age of 18 . After spending some time with the reserves they were loaned in the 1996–97 campaign to Segunda División club Villarreal CF , before returning to Valencia the following summer .
Angulo made 434 competitive appearances during their spell at the Mestalla Stadium , being a very important element in the Ches La Liga conquest in 2002 and 2004 ( totalling six goals in 48 games ) , while also starting in the 2004 UEFA Cup final which they won after defeating Olympique de Marseille . Due to the ageing of the previous starter , French Jocelyn Angloma , they played several matches as an attacking right-back , as the team operated mainly in a 5–3–2 formation .
In the summer of 2004 , Angulo pulled out of a transfer to Arsenal after a last minute change of heart . Their agent claimed this was due to the player 's anxiety at moving to London ; they had already completed part of their medical . They continued to be heavily played by Valencia in the following three seasons , netting 15 times in 93 league games . On 15 December 2004 , they were handed a seven-match ban by UEFA after being sent off in a UEFA Cup tie against SV Werder Bremen where they kicked Nelson Valdez and subsequently spat on Tim Borowski .
On 20 December 2007 , Angulo , along with Santiago Cañizares and David Albelda , was axed from the squad by new coach Ronald Koeman . In late April of the following year , however , with Koeman 's sacking , all three were reinstated by new manager Voro in a squad seriously threatened with relegation , with five remaining fixtures . On 27 April they returned to action , playing five minutes in a 3–0 home win over CA Osasuna after having come on as a substitute for David Villa . They started their first post-reinstatement match two weeks later , scoring in a 5–1 away rout of already relegated Levante UD .
Sporting CP
In August 2009 , after a mediocre campaign individually , Angulo was released by Valencia , thus ending a 14-year relationship . Late in the same month they agreed to a one-year contract with Sporting CP , but after just four months , they were released by the Lisbon club , grossly unsettled , and pondered their retirement , which was confirmed the following week .
International career
Angulo made their debut for Spain on 17 November 2004 , in a 1–0 friendly win against England played in Madrid . Going on to collect 11 caps , they never took part in any major tournament , however .
Angulo also represented the nation at the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship ( five appearances ) and the 2000 Summer Olympics ( five ) , helping to a runner-up finish in the latter competition .
Career statistics
Club
Source :
International
Source :
HonoursValenciaLa Liga : 2001–02 , 2003–04
Copa del Rey : 1998–99
Supercopa de España : 1999
UEFA Cup : 2003–04
UEFA Super Cup : 2004
UEFA Intertoto Cup : 1998Spain U18UEFA European Under-18 Championship : 1995Spain U21UEFA European Under-21 Championship : 1998Spain U23 '
Summer Olympics silver medal : 2000
References
External links
CiberChe biography and stats
1977 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Oviedo
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Association football utility players
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Sporting de Gijón B players
Valencia CF Mestalla footballers
Valencia CF players
Villarreal CF players
Primeira Liga players
Sporting CP footballers
UEFA Cup winning players
Spain youth international footballers
Spain under-21 international footballers
Spain under-23 international footballers
Spain international footballers
Footballers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Spain
Olympic medalists in football
Olympic silver medalists for Spain
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Spanish football managers
Segunda Federación managers
Tercera Federación managers
Valencia CF Mestalla managers
Valencia CF non-playing staff
Renaissance literature refers to European literature which was influenced by the intellectual and cultural tendencies associated with the Renaissance . The literature of the Renaissance was written within the general movement of the Renaissance , which arose in 14th-century Italy and continued until the 16th century while being diffused into the rest of the western world . It is characterized by the adoption of a humanist philosophy and the recovery of the classical Antiquity . It benefited from the spread of printing in the latter part of the 15th century .
Overview
For the writers of the Renaissance , Greco-Roman inspiration was shown both in the themes of their writing and in the literary forms they used . The world was considered from an anthropocentric perspective . Platonic ideas were revived and put to the service of Christianity . The search for pleasures of the senses and a critical and rational spirit completed the ideological panorama of the period . New literary genres such as the essay ( Montaigne ) and new metrical forms such as the Spenserian stanza made their appearance .
The impact of the Renaissance varied across the continent ; countries that were predominantly Catholic or Protestant experienced the Renaissance differently . Areas where the Eastern Orthodox Church was culturally dominant , as well as those areas of Europe under Islamic rule , were more or less outside its influence . The period focused on self-actualization and one 's ability to accept what is going on in one 's life .
The earliest Renaissance literature appeared in Italy in the 14th century ; Petrarch , Machiavelli , and Ariosto are notable examples of Italian Renaissance writers . From Italy , the influence of the Renaissance spread at different times to other countries and continued to spread around Europe through the 17th century . The English Renaissance and the [ [ Renaissance in Scotland date from the late 15th century to the early 17th century . In northern Europe , the scholarly writings of Erasmus , the plays of William Shakespeare , the poems of Edmund Spenser , and the writings of Sir Philip Sidney may be considered Renaissance in character .
The development of the printing press ( using movable type ) by Johannes Gutenberg in the 1440s encouraged authors to write in their local vernacular instead of Greek or Latin classical languages , thus widening the reading audience and promoting the spread of Renaissance ideas .
See also
Allegory in Renaissance literature
British literature # The Renaissance
Elizabethan literature
English Renaissance theatre
Renaissance in Croatia
Dutch Renaissance and Golden Age literature
French Renaissance literature
German literature # German Renaissance and Reformation
Italian Renaissance literature
Polish Renaissance literature
Portuguese Renaissance and Portuguese literature # First classical phase : The Renaissance
Scottish Renaissance literature
Spanish Renaissance literature
Swedish literature # Renaissance literature
Literature by century
15th century in literature
16th century in literature
Poetry by century
15th century in poetry
16th century in poetry
External links
General Resources in the Renaissance & 17th Century
Charles Coates ( 18 April 1912 – 1991 ) was an English footballer who made 46 appearances in the Football League playing as a left-sided forward for Darlington in the 1930s . They also played non-league football in the north east of England , for Hamsteels , Spennymoor United and Horden Colliery Welfare .
Life and career
Coates was born in 1912 in Esh Winning , County Durham . They played local football for Hamsteels before signing for Darlington of the Football League Third Division North in 1931 . They played and scored for the reserve team in the North-Eastern League , and on 23 January 1932 , they made their first-team debut and scored in a 6–3 win against local rivals Hartlepools United in which `` Wellock , Grieve and Coates shot at every conceivable opportunity , on the half turn , the volley , the half-volley , and on occasions when their backs were turned to the goal '' . They scored again in the next match , a 3–1 win against Rochdale , and retained a place in the forward line , mainly at inside left for the rest of the season . They played in the first five matches of 1932–33 , four defeats and a draw , and then was out of the side until December , when they became the seventh player to occupy the outside-left position , and the first to settle in it . They finished the season with five goals from 28 league matches as Darlington finished bottom of the table . Coates was one of just five players on Darlington 's retained list , published in May 1933 before their application for re-election was considered . The club were duly re-elected , and appointed a new manager , George Collins , who brought in forwards of their own choosing , including John Middleton , Jerry Bestwho became one of the club 's all-time top scorersand Dave Edgar , who took over the outside-left position . Coates appeared just twice , and was given a free transfer at the end of the season .
They returned to non-league football with Spennymoor United of the North-Eastern League , where they settled at outside right . By February 1935 , negotiations for their return to the Football League with Chesterfield were reported to be at an advanced stage , but no move happened . In September , Coates was included in the Rest of the North-Eastern League team for the annual fixture against the reigning champions , in this case Middlesbrough Reserves . They were a regular in the Spennymoor team that began their 1936–37 FA Cup campaign in the preliminary round and progressed through four qualifying rounds and two rounds proper before losing heavily to First Division club West Bromwich Albion in the third round proper . The team also finished as North-Eastern League runners-up , behind Sunderland Reserves .
In May 1937 , the long-serving secretary-manager of Spennymoor United , Charles Sutton , resigned to take up the position of manager of another North-Eastern League club , Horden Colliery Welfare . Several of Spennymoor 's players , including Coates , followed him . They went one better with their new club , finishing a point ahead of Sunderland Reserves at the top of the 1937–38 North-Eastern League , and accepted terms for the coming season . Horden 's attempt to emulate Spennymoor 's FA Cup run in the 1938–39 edition fell one round short , when they lost to Third Division Newport County in the second round proper . Once eliminated from the Cup , Coates receivedand rejectedan offer of first-team football from Second Division club Bradford , preferring to continue as a part-timer with Horden . A couple of years earlier , they had been reported to have `` often attracted attention for their speed and wholehearted play , but they are one of those who might have gone further ahead , but prefers to play with Spennymoor . '' They signed on again for Horden for the 1939–40 season , which had hardly begun when the outbreak of the Second World War put a stop to competitive football .
The 1939 Register finds Coates , their wife , Elizabeth née Fordham , whom they married in 1933 , and their two young children living in Taylor Street , Quebec , County Durham , with Elizabeth 's father John , a coal miner . Coates was working as a lorry driver . Coates 's death at the age of 79 was registered in the fourth quarter of 1991 in the Durham Northern registration district .
References
General
Specific
1912 births
1991 deaths
People from Esh Winning
Footballers from County Durham
English footballers
Association football forwards
Darlington F.C . players
Spennymoor United F.C . players
Darlington Town F.C . players
English Football League players
Date of death missing
The Critics ' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Movie/Miniseries is one of the award categories presented annually by the Critics ' Choice Television Awards ( BTJA ) to recognize the work done by television actors . The winners are selected by a group of television critics that are part of the Broadcast Television Critics Association .
History
The category was first introduced for the 3rd Critics ' Choice Television Awards , in which Sarah Paulson was the first actor to receive the award .
Winners and nominees
2010s
{ | class= '' wikitable '' style= '' width:85 % ''
|- style= '' background : # bebebe ; ''
! style= '' width:10 % ; '' | Year
! style= '' wodth:25 % ; '' | Actor
! style= '' width:30 % ; '' | Series
! style= '' width:20 % ; '' | Character
! style= '' width:15 % ; '' | Network
|-
|rowspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' | 2013 || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Sarah Paulson ||style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | American Horror Story : Asylum ||style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Lana Winters || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |FX
|-
| Ellen Burstyn || Political Animals || Margaret Barrish || USA
|-
| Sienna Miller || rowspan= '' 2 '' |The Girl || Tippi Hedren || rowspan= '' 2 '' |HBO
|-
| Imelda Staunton || Alma Reville
|-
| Lily Rabe || American Horror Story : Asylum || Sister Mary Eunice McKee || FX
|-
| Alfre Woodard || Steel Magnolias|| Louisa `` Ouiser '' Boudreaux || Lifetime
|-
|rowspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' | 2014|| style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Allison Tolman || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Fargo|| style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Deputy Molly Solverson || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |FX
|-
| Amanda Abbington || Sherlock : Their Last Vow || Mary Morstan || PBS
|-
| Kathy Bates || American Horror Story : Coven || Delphine LaLaurie || FX
|-
| Ellen Burstyn || Flowers in the Attic || Olivia Foxworth || rowspan= '' 2 '' |Lifetime
|-
| Jessica Raine || An Adventure in Space and Time || Verity Lambert
|-
| Julia Roberts || The Normal Heart || Dr. Emma Brookner || HBO
|-
|rowspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' | 2015|| style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Sarah Paulson || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | American Horror Story : Freak Show|| style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Bette and Dot Tattler || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |FX
|-
| Khandi Alexander || rowspan= '' 2 '' |Bessie || Viola Smith || rowspan= '' 2 '' |HBO
|-
| Mo'Nique || Ma Rainey
|-
| Claire Foy || Wolf Hall || Anne Boleyn || PBS
|-
| Janet McTeer || The Honourable Woman || Dame Julia Walsh || SundanceTV
|-
| Cynthia Nixon || Stockholm , Pennsylvania || Marcy Owens || Lifetime
|-
|rowspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' | 2016 ( 1 ) || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Jean Smart || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Fargo || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Floyd Gerhardt || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | FX
|-
| Mary J. Blige || The Wiz Live ! || Evillene , the Wicked Witch of the West || NBC
|-
| Laura Haddock || Luther || Megan Cantor || BBC America
|-
| Cristin Milioti || Fargo || Betsy Solverson || rowspan= '' 2 '' |FX
|-
| Sarah Paulson || American Horror Story : Hotel || Sally McKenna
|-
| Winona Ryder || Show Me a Hero || Vinni Restiano || HBO
|-
|rowspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' | 2016 ( 2 ) || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Regina King || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |American Crime || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |Terri LaCroix || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |ABC|-
| Elizabeth Debicki || The Night Manager || Jed Marshall || AMC
|-
| Sarah Lancashire || rowspan= '' 2 '' |The Dresser || Madge || rowspan= '' 2 '' |Starz
|-
| Emily Watson || `` Her Ladyship ''
|-
| Melissa Leo || All the Way || Lady Bird Johnson || HBO
|-
| Anna Paquin || Roots || Nancy Holt || History
|-
| rowspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' |2018 || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Laura Dern || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |Big Little Lies || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |Renata Klein || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |HBO|-
|Judy Davis || rowspan= '' 2 '' |Feud : Bette and Joan || Hedda Hopper || rowspan= '' 3 '' |FX
|-
|Jackie Hoffman || Mamacita
|-
|Mary Elizabeth Winstead || Fargo || Nikki Swango
|-
|Regina King || American Crime || Kimara Walters ||ABC
|-
|Michelle Pfeiffer || |The Wizard of Lies || Ruth Madoff || HBO
|-
| rowspan= '' 6 '' style= '' text-align : center ; '' |2019 || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' | Patricia Clarkson || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |Sharp Objects || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |Adora Crellin || style= '' background : # B0C4DE ; '' |HBO|-
|Ellen Burstyn || The Tale || Nadine `` Nettie '' Fox || HBO
|-
|Penélope Cruz || rowspan= '' 2 '' |The Assassination of Gianni Versace : American Crime Story || Donatella Versace || rowspan= '' 2 '' |FX
|-
|Judith Light || Marilyn Miglin
|-
|Julia Garner || Dirty John || Terra Newell || Bravo
|-
|Elizabeth Perkins || Sharp Objects || Jackie O'Neill || HBO
|-
| }
2020s
Multiple wins2 winsSarah Paulson
Multiple nominations3 nominationsEllen Burstyn
Sarah Paulson2 nominations '' '
Regina King
Winona Ryder
Emily Watson
See also
Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress – Series , Miniseries or Television Film
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or Movie
References
External links
Critics ' Choice Television Awards
Television awards for Best Supporting Actress
Awards established in 2013
Neklyudikha ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Medvedevskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 1 as of 2002 .
Geography
Neklyudikha is located 72 km east of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kolupaiha is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The 2014–15 Meistriliiga season was the 75th season of the Meistriliiga , the top level of ice hockey in Estonia , since the league 's formation in 1934 . The title was won by Tartu Kalev-Välk who defeated Narva PSK in the finals .
Teams
Regular season
Despite finishing the regular season first , Tallinn HC Viking were stripped of their playoffs spot due to unpaid debts .
Playoffs
References
External links
Official site of the Meistriliiga
Estonia
2014 in Estonian sport
2015 in Estonian sport
Meistriliiga ( ice hockey ) seasons
Nemacerota owadai is a moth in the family Drepanidae . It was described by Gyula M. László , Gábor Ronkay , László Aladár Ronkay and Thomas Joseph Witt in 2007 . It is found in Shaanxi , China .
References
Moths described in 2007
Thyatirinae
Moths of Asia
During 1963–64 season Bologna F.C . competed in Serie A , Coppa Italia and Mitropa Cup .
Summary
After World War II , the club was less successful . Throughout the 1950s and 1960s , the club generally floated between fourth , fifth and sixth position in the league , Things started to turn around when new manager and former 1928 Italy national team Olympian Fulvio Bernardini took their place on the Bologna touchline . On their resume , was Fiorentina 's 1956 Serie A championship . On their arrival at the club , the side was already well stocked with talented players , but a few crucial ingredients were missing that would make Bologna true title contenders once again . Bernardini made several quality acquisitions , such as the purchase of Harald Nielsen , a Denmark Olympic squad member who caught Bologna 's eye at the Rome 1960 Games . Helmut Haller , the German international , also came on board . Like Nielsen , Haller was an amateur player who divided their time between football and driving a truck for a living . The club 's owner , Renato Dall'Ara , personally went to Germany to sign the player . However , on their way back to Italy , Dall'Ara 's car skidded off the road and crashed into a ditch . Without missing a beat , the old man emerged from the wreck waving Haller 's contract and shouting , “ Do n't worry about the accident , what matters is that we got this piece of paper signed ! ”
The next season , Haller and teammates like Ezio Pascutti with their spectacular diving headers delighted the Bologna faithful . However , they still only managed a fourth place finish and the finger was pointed at goalkeeper Santarelli , who at times was guilty of poor mistakes . The finishing touch came with the purchase of former Italy national team goalkeeper William Negri . Three wins a row launched the 1963/64 season , and despite a stuttering start after that , it was a win over Genoa that got Bologna 's season back on track . The team regrouped and travelled to the San Siro for a difficult test against Inter . They played excellently , and Negri put in a top performance between the sticks , and the game ended in a goalless draw . From here , Bologna gained confidence and marched to ten successive victories , progressively making their way up the table . Nobody could believe what they were seeing . Even Helenio Herrera was shocked when their Inter lost in their second meeting . The Rossoblu kept moving towards their 7th Scudetto with a 2–1 win over AC Milan after which they found themselves leading both Milan clubs in the standings by three points . But three days after the Milan victory , everything came crashing down .
In March , the Italian Football Federation issued a statement that 5 Bologna players had tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs . They were immediately suspended and the club was docked 3 points . Everyone associated with Bologna FC was shocked , and nobody doubted the innocence of the players implicated for a moment . The notoriously tough and emotionless Fulvio Bernardini was in tears . So close to finally winning another title after a 23-year wait , it was about to be ripped away from them . Well , Bologna were having none of it . Protest marches exploded in the streets , the local media cried foul in the newspapers , and a team of Bolognese lawyers took on the case . While all this was happening , Renato Dall'Ara , by now an elderly man , was on the way out with a failing heart . The Bolognese prosecutor discovered that the tubes containing the urine samples from the players were not adequately sealed – therefore , anyone could have tampered with the specimens . In addition , the methamphetamine the samples contained was enough to kill a man . Meanwhile , other samples from the players , taken at the same time , were found perfectly sealed , in a double-locked refrigerator , with no traces of drugs whatsoever . The plot thickened . In the end , the players were acquitted of any wrongdoing . It was determined that the entire affair was an act of sabotage on behalf of the northern clubs to derail Bologna 's season .
However , Bologna still lost 3 points while investigations continued and because of that , they struggled to keep up with Inter in the race for the Scudetto . The two teams matched each other win for win while Bologna anxiously awaited for the final investigation results . Finally it came – an established lack of evidence of any wrongdoing meant that the crucial three points would be returned to Bologna , bringing them level with Inter , with just three games to go . At the end of the season , both teams were still on equal points , which meant that for the first and only time in the history of the Serie A , a playoff would decide the ultimate champions . Four days before this penultimate match however , Bologna 's emblematic president of 30 years , Renato Dall'Ara , died from a heart attack in the middle of a meeting in the offices of the Federation . The players were in tears , as Dall'Ara was not only their employer , they were like their father . Bologna 's season from hell continued . : In their honour , Bologna took to the pitch against an Inter side who had just become European champions . Finally , the play-off kicked off .
After a goalless first half , the Bolognese side outclassed team from Milan and won 2–0 . The Scudetto , to this day their last , was finally theirs , despite everything that had taken place . Bologna never gave up . Time and again , just when it seemed like it could n't get any worse , it did – but they just kept on going and the reward for their perseverance was the Scudetto .
Squad
( Captain )
Transfers
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Matches
Championship tie-breaker
Coppa Italia
First round
Second round
Third round
Quarterfinals
Mitropa Cup
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Statistics
Players statistics
Appearances
36.Helmut Haller
35.William Negri
35.Harald Nielsen
35.Francesco Janich
35.Carlo Furlanis
34.Giacomo Bulgarelli
34.Romano Fogli
30.Marino Perani
29.Paride Tumburus
28.Mirko Pavinato
25.Ezio Pascutti
16.Antonio Renna
12.Bruno Capra
3.Héctor Demarco
3.Bruno Franzini
2.Edmondo Lorenzini
1.Sidio Corradi
Goalscorers
22 . Harald Nielsen
8.Giacomo Bulgarelli
8 . Helmut Haller
8 . Ezio Pascutti
6 . Marino Perani
1 . Paride Tumburus
1 . Héctor Demarco
1 . Romano Fogli
1 . Carlo Furlanis
References
External links
Bologna F.C . 1909 seasons
Bologna
Italian football championship-winning seasons
Trini Alonso ( 1923–2000 ) was a Spanish film actor .
Selected filmography
Spanish Fantasy ( 1953 )
Maribel and the Strange Family ( 1960 )
Tomy 's Secret ( 1963 )
Stop at Tenerife ( 1964 )
Weekend , Italian Style ( 1966 )
The Wild Ones of San Gil Bridge ( 1966 )
Variety ( 1971 )
References
Bibliography
Peter Cowie & Derek Elley . World Filmography : 1967 . Fairleigh Dickinson University Press , 1977 .
External links
1923 births
2000 deaths
Spanish film actores
People from Santander , Spain
20th-century Spanish actores
Kristof Hopp ( born 14 July 1978 in Kiel ) is a male badminton player from Germany . In 2008 , they won the bronze medal at the European Championships in the men 's doubles event with Ingo Kindervater . At the same year , they competed at the Summer Olympics in Beijing , China .
Achievements
European Championships
Men 's doubles
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix has two level such as Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold . It is a series of badminton tournaments , sanctioned by Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) since 2007 .
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
References
External links
German male badminton players
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kiel
Badminton players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Germany
The 43rd Exxon Mastercard 12 Hours of Sebring was an endurance racing sports car event held at Sebring International Raceway from March 15-18 , 1995 . The race served as the second round of the 1995 IMSA GT Championship .
Race results
Class winners in bold .
External links
Race Results
12 Hours of Sebring
12 Hours of Sebring
12 Hours of Sebring
12 Hours of Sebring
Towards Equality was the title of the report of the Committee on the Status of Women in India ( 1974–1975 ) . This 1974 document is said to lay the foundation of women 's movement in independent India , highlighting discriminatory sociocultural practices , political and economic processes . The findings of the report reopened the women 's question for government , academia and women 's organisation . Its authors included Vina Mazumdar and Lotika Sarkar , who later founded the Centre for Women 's Development Studies in Delhi .
The report proved to be an `` eye opener '' for women 's condition by talking about development and democracy from gender perspective . It brought to the forefront the issues of declining sex ratio ( missing women ) . It led to women-sensitive policy-making in India and stress on girls ' education .
References
Feminism in India
Reports of the Indian government
The Interrogator is a 1961 British TV play set during the Cyprus Emergency ( 1955-1959 ) . It was written by Troy Kennedy Martin who had served in Cyprus and written another play set there , Incident at Echo Six .
Plot
In Cyprus , a British officer interrogates an EOKA terrorist .
References
External links
The Interrogator at BFI
The Interrogator at BBC
Films about terrorism in Europe
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in Cyprus
British television plays
1961 television plays
Cyprus Emergency
Television episodes written by Troy Kennedy Martin
The Hurricane Heist is a 2018 American disaster heist action film directed by Rob Cohen , written by Jeff Dixon and Scott Windhauser , and starring Toby Kebbell , Maggie Grace , Ryan Kwanten , Ralph Ineson , Melissa Bolona , James Cutler , and Ben Cross . It was released in the UK as a Sky Cinema Original Film . The film is about a maintenance worker , their meteorologist brother , and a treasury agent contending with a band of rogue treasury agents who plan to use a Category 5 hurricane to cover their tracks of a bank robbery . The film was released on March 9 , 2018 , it received mixed to negative reviews and was a box-office bomb , making just $ 32 million against its estimated $ 35 million budget .
Plot
In 1992 , a category 5 hurricane named `` Andrew '' hits the town of Gulfport , Alabama . Will and Breeze Rutledge are evacuating from the destructive hurricane with their dad . However , their truck gets stuck after avoiding the toppling tree in front of them , and they are forced to take refuge in a nearby house . While trying to save the truck from blowing away , strong winds blow a water tank and it crushes their father .
In 2018 , another destructive category 5 hurricane named `` Tammy '' approaches Gulfport . Federal Reserve Treasury agent Casey Corbyn is ordered by fellow employee Randy Moreno to summon Breeze , who now works in maintenance and whose brother Will is a National Weather Service meteorologist , to fix the generator at a cash storage facility .
While they are out of the facility , rogue Treasury agents led by Connor Perkins infiltrate the facility and hold Moreno hostage . Their plan is to steal $ 600 million , and Perkins enlists computer hackers Sasha and Frears to crack the code of the vault . Failing to decrypt it , Perkins realizes that Corbyn may have changed it , so they have their men find them Sasha and Frears have to use a brute-force attack using the town 's transmission tower .
As Corbyn and Breeze drive back to the facility , they encounter the mercenaries , and Corbyn engages in a shootout with them . Will helps them escape with their Storm Research Vehicle called the Dominator , but Breeze is left behind and is captured and taken hostage , forced to repair the generator .
Will is upset when they learn that their brother is in danger . Determined to save him , they and Corbyn meet Sheriff Jimmy Dixon at their station . Unfortunately , Dixon reveals themselves to be one of Perkins ' cohorts and tries to take Will and Corbyn hostage . Corbyn shoots the sheriff , and they escape . When Dixon and one of their deputies chase them , Will manages to knock their car with their Dominator . Realizing that the tower is being used to crack the vault 's code , Will and Corbyn manage to topple it moments before the decryption is completed . Perkins ' men spot them and engage in a gunfight with them , but they escape . Dixon turns on Perkins , confronting them over a botched heist in the previous hurricane . When Dixon wants to claim all the money , Perkins shoots them dead and persuades Dixon 's men to find Corbyn .
While looting a mall , Corbyn calls Perkins and makes a deal for the release of Moreno and Breeze as long as they open the vault and gets the money . When Perkins asks where the trade will be conducted , Corbyn tells them to meet them at the Gulfport mall . Meanwhile , Will and Corbyn make a plan to shoot the roof glass , causing the mercenaries to be sucked out through the roof . After Will talks to Breeze , who has arrived with the mercenaries , Corbyn shoots the glass roof , sucking the mercenaries out into the storm as planned . Corbyn , Will , and Breeze manage to hold on . After the storm surge , Corbyn gives themselves up while Breeze rescues the stranded Will . Back at the Treasury facility as Corbyn and the remaining mercenaries arrive , Perkins breaks their deal to release Moreno and kills them as revenge for the deaths of Jaqi and Xander .
As the eye of the storm passes , Perkins and their men take the money , using three of the facility 's truck trailers , along with Corbyn . Will and Breeze follow them . With the eye wall approaching on their tail , Will and Breeze take over a truck . After a struggle with Perkins , the eye wall sucks the money out of one of the trucks and then the truck itself . Perkins is then killed after their own detached trailer crushes him . When Breeze 's truck engine backfires and burns , Will and Corbyn transfer them to their truck . However , when they attempt to rescue Sasha and Frears , they are sucked into the storm .
William , Breeze and Corbyn manage to outrun the storm safely , and drive away into the sunshine , having saved $ 200 million .
Cast
Toby Kebbell as William 'Will ' Rutledge , a meteorologist
Leonardo Dickens as Young Will
Maggie Grace as Casey Corbyn , a Treasury agent
Ryan Kwanten as Breeze Rutledge , Will 's older ex-Marine brother who works as a repairman
Patrick McAuley as Young Breeze
Ralph Ineson as Connor Perkins , a corrupt Treasury agent
Melissa Bolona as Sasha Van Dietrich , a computer hacker and Frears ' girlfriend
Ben Cross as Sheriff Jimmy Dixon , a corrupt local sheriff who is associated with Perkins
Christian Contreras as Randy Moreno , a Treasury agent
James Cutler as Clement Rice , Xander 's brother
Jimmy Walker as Xander , a minion of Perkins and Clement Rice 's brother
Ed Birch as Frears , another computer hacker and Sasha 's boyfriend
Moyo Akande as Jaqi , Perkins ' lover
James Barriscale as Deputy Michaels , a deputy who works for Sheriff Dixon
Mark Basnight as Deputy Gabriel , a deputy who works for Sheriff Dixon
Keith D. Evans as Deputy Rothilsberg , a deputy who works for Sheriff Dixon
Mark Rhino Smith as Deputy Baldwin , a deputy deputy who works for Sheriff Dixon
Brooke Johnston as Deputy Diamond , a deputy who works for Sheriff Dixon
Production
In January 2016 , it was announced that Rob Cohen had signed on to write and direct the film , then titled Category 5 , with casting underway and a Summer 2016 principal production start set . In February 2016 , it was announced that the film had been acquired for distribution in a large number of international locations via the European Film Market . In May 2016 , it was revealed that Toby Kebbell had been set to star in the film . In June 2016 , the rest of the cast was announced .
Principal photography on the film began in Bulgaria on August 29 , 2016 . In July 2017 , the completed film , now titled The Hurricane Heist , was acquired for domestic distribution by Entertainment Studios with an early 2018 release date slated .
In the UK , the film was released by Altitude Film Distribution and was the second Sky Cinema Original Film .
Reception
Box office
The Hurricane Heist grossed $ 6.1 million in the United States and Canada , and $ 26.4 million in other territories , for a worldwide total $ 32.5 million against a production budget of $ 35 million .
In the United States and Canada , The Hurricane Heist was released on March 9 , 2018 alongside The Strangers : Prey at Night , Gringo , and A Wrinkle in Time , and was initially projected to gross around $ 7 million from 2,402 theaters in its opening weekend . However , after making just $ 950,000 on its first day , weekend estimates were lowered to $ 3 million . It ended up grossing $ 3 million , finishing ninth .
Critical response
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews , and an average rating of . The website 's critical consensus reads , `` The Hurricane Heist is a throwback to the overblown action thrillers of yesteryear—and a thoroughly middling example of why they do n't make 'em like this anymore . '' On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 35 out of 100 , based on 12 critics , indicating `` generally unfavorable reviews '' . Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of `` B− '' on an A+ to F scale .
Alonso Duralde of TheWrap criticized the film 's direction , acting and overbearing musical score , saying , `` Critics often lament that worthy films released early in the year are too often forgotten during awards season , so let 's be very clear up front : For your Best of the Worst of 2018 consideration , in all categories , The Hurricane Heist . '' Andrew Barker , writing for Variety , gave the film an ironic recommendation , calling it the best worst movie of 2018 and saying : `` All three of our heroes take time out in the middle of survival situations to discuss their undying love of football and the Second Amendment , but they also believe in climate change . If our divided country ca n't come together over a movie this wonderfully terrible , what hope do we really have ? ''
There are some factual inconsistencies relating to the alleged location of the events in the film . Several scenes show mountains in the distance , but the entire Gulf Coast is completely flat . Also , the film claims to be in Gulfport , which exists in Mississippi , not Alabama . Hurricane Andrew in 1992 did not directly impact Alabama , rather it made landfall as a category 5 hurricane in Southern Florida and as a category 3 hurricane in Louisiana .
References
External links
2018 films
2018 crime action films
2010s disaster films
2010s heist films
American crime action films
American disaster films
American heist films
Entertainment Studios films
Films about hurricanes
Films about tropical cyclones
Films directed by Rob Cohen
Films scored by Lorne Balfe
Films set in 1992
Films set in 2018
Films set in Alabama
Films shot in Bulgaria
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
