Barakacity was a Muslim non-governmental organization active in France which was founded by Idriss Sihamedi and others in 2008 , had international reach . Its founders were characterised as Salafists . Its Facebook page had 715,000 followers and was popular among young Muslim believers . According to interior minister Gérald Darmanin , Barakacity was Islamist and had links to the Muslim Brotherhood .
It was dissolved in November 2020 by French authorities in the aftermath of the murder of Samuel Paty for `` spreading radical ideas '' using Facebook and Twitter . This was around the same time as the Pantin mosque was closed . After the dissolution , the chairperson of the NGO appealed to Recep Tayyip Erdoğan for being granted asylum in Turkey .
References
Islam in France
`` When the Swallows Fly '' is a song by the Bee Gees released on their fifth album Idea . Its promotional video was filmed in Brussels and included on the TV special Idea and was aired on 11 December 1968 .
Background
The song 's opening line echoed William Wordsworth 's poem '' I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud '' . It was recorded on June 18th 1968 at the same session as `` No Name '' . Robin said `` It was one of my favorites , I think Barry 's vocal on that is fantastic '' . Barry recalls : `` [ 'When the Swallows Fly ' ] that 's something I brought in , but I do n't remember how the song came about . It was probably written in Eaton Square or at the penthouse . A lot of the ballads in those days were written that way , like 'Words ' .
Chart performance
In 1971 , when it was included on the Melody film soundtrack , it was released as a single only in the Netherlands with `` Give Your Best '' as the B-side . It reached # 20 in two weeks
Weekly charts
Personnel
Barry Gibb — lead vocals , guitar
Maurice Gibb — bass , piano , organ , mellotron , backing vocals
Colin Petersen — drums
Robin Gibb — backing vocals
Vince Melouney — acoustic guitar
References
Bee Gees songs
Songs written by Barry Gibb
Songs written by Robin Gibb
Songs written by Maurice Gibb
Song recordings produced by Robert Stigwood
Song recordings produced by Barry Gibb
Song recordings produced by Robin Gibb
Song recordings produced by Maurice Gibb
1968 songs
1971 singles
Polydor Records singles
Rock ballads
Stockport Carriage Sidings are located in Stockport , Greater Manchester , England , to the west of West Coast Main Line adjacent to Stockport railway station .
Present
Stabling is provided for Class 150 and Class 156 Sprinters and Class 323 EMUs .
References
Sources
Railway sidings in England
Rail transport in Greater Manchester
Yılanlı is a village in the District of Çamlıdere , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
Rheubarbariboletus persicolor is a species of bolete fungus . It was originally described in 1996 as Xerocomus persicolor , based on collections made in Italy . The bolete was found in mixed woodland with hop-hornbeam , pine , and oak .
References
External links
Boletaceae
Fungi of Europe
Fungi described in 1996
The 1992-93 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Castres who beat Grenoble 14-11 in the final , in a match decided by an irregular try accorded by the referee .
It was the third bouclier de Brennus for the Castres Olympique , the first after 43 year
Formula
The championship , called `` Group A '' was contested by 32 clubs divided in four pools .
At the end of the first phase , the teams classified in the first four of each pool were qualified to play a `` Top 16 '' divided in four pools of four teams .
The eight teams ranked first and second of each pool were admitted to knockout stages
At the end of the season , four clubs were relegated to the second division : Chalon , l'US Tyrosse , Cognac and Le Creusot .
They were replaced by Périgueux , Dijon , Lyon OU and Lourdes .
Participants
The teams are linked according to the ranking , in bold '' the ones qualified for `` Top 16 ''
Top 16
In bold '' ' the clubs qualified for the next round . All the qualified came from pool 1 and 2 of the first phase .
Knock Out stage
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
A try of Olivier Brouzet is denied to Grenoble
and the decisive try by Gary Whetton was awarded by the referee , Daniel Salles , when in fact the defender Hueber from Grenoble touched down the ball first in their try zone . This error gave the title to Castres . Salles admitted the error 13 years later
.
.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Compte rendu de la finale 1993 sur www.lnr.fr
1993
France
Championship
The 2010 Texas Longhorns football team ( variously `` Texas '' , `` UT '' , the `` Longhorns '' , or the `` 'Horns '' ) represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season . The team was coached by Mack Brown , in their 13th year at Texas . Longhorns played their home games in Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium and are members of the south division of the Big 12 Conference . Texas finished the season 5–7 , 2–6 in Big 12 play . It was the Longhorns ' first losing season since 1997 .
Schedule
Game summaries
Rice
The Rice Owls and Texas met in 2010 for the 92nd time . Texas held a 69–21–1 lead in the series , which began in 1914 . For the Longhorns this series ranks fourth in number of games played , behind Texas A & M , Oklahoma , and Baylor . The two schools were once conference foes in the Southwest Conference and have maintained a rivalry despite the fact that Texas enjoys a sizable lead in the series . President John F. Kennedy alluded to the lopsidedness of the rivalry in their 1962 speech on America 's space program : `` But why , some say , the moon ? ... And they may well ask why climb the highest mountain . Why , 35 years ago , fly the Atlantic ? Why does Rice play Texas ? ... We choose to go to the moon ... and do the other things , not because they are easy , but because they are hard . '' In addition to continuing a traditional rivalry , playing Rice in a home and away series allows for Texas to play games in Houston , Texas , an important recruiting base for UT , which has a significant Texas Exes alumni population . During the game , the Owls took an early lead with a field goal in the first quarter . Rice had also forced a turnover on downs . By the end of the first quarter , Rice was in the lead at 3–0 . However , in the second quarter , Texas scored 3 touchdowns and 1 field goal . 2 of those touchdowns were rushes from Tre ' Newton and the other was from a fumble return . By halftime , Texas was in the lead 24–10 . In the second half , both Texas and Rice had calmed down , scoring 10 and 7 points , respectively . The final score would be 34–17 , with Texas having the upper hand in total yardage . The game was played at Reliant Stadium .
Wyoming
The Wyoming Cowboys and the Texas Longhorns last met in the previous season , with Texas winning 41–10 with Colt McCoy as quarterback . In total , the 2 teams had met on the gridiron 3 times with Texas winning all 3 meetings . In the first quarter , the Texas offense struggled to get much yardage and points , only settling for a field goal . In the second quarter , the Longhorns got back on track , scoring 2 touchdowns and one field goal . Wyoming also scored in the second quarter to take a short 1 point lead , but that would be their only score for the entire game . At halftime , Texas was leading at 20–7 . In the third quarter , Texas scored yet another touchdown . Cody Johnson scored the final TD for Texas in the final minute of the game that would sum up to be the final , 34–7 .
Texas Tech
Texas Tech and Texas have met 59 times since 1928 . In 1996 the exchange of a traveling trophy , the Chancellor 's Spurs , began when both universities ' administration included a chancellor position . Texas leads the series 10–4 since the Chancellor 's Spurs have been exchanged . Texas also leads the all-time series , 44–15 . This year 's game will mark the 60th time the two teams have met .
UCLA
1997 was the last time Texas and UCLA played at Darrell K Royal–Texas Memorial Stadium . UCLA blew out Texas 66–3 under coach John Mackovic . The game would turn out to be Texas ' biggest home loss in school history and second worst all-time . At the end of that season , Mackovic was fired .
Seeking revenge , Texas took the lead late in the first quarter with a field goal . However , the Bruins would respond in the second quarter to take the lead at 13–3 . Texas , punished with turnovers and penalties , would lose the game 34–12 after failing to complete a full comeback . This would be Texas ' first regular season loss since facing Texas Tech in 2008 , their first home loss since facing Kansas State in 2007 and their worst home loss under Mack Brown . A stadium-record crowd of 101,437 saw the game .
Oklahoma
Texas came into the game trying to win their third consecutive Red River Rivalry match . The Sooners scored twice in the first quarter , on a DeMarco Murray rushing touchdown and Kenny Stills receiving touchdown . DJ Monroe then ran for a 60-yard touchdown for the Longhorns late in the first quarter to cut the lead to 14–7 . Entering the fourth quarter , the Sooners had a 21–10 lead .
In the fourth quarter , the Sooners padded the lead to 28–10 with another Murray touchdown . The Longhorns cut the lead to 28–20 with a rushing touchdown and field goal . The Sooners had to punt with 1:02 left , giving the Longhorns hope at a chance of scoring again . However , returner Aaron Williams muffed the punt and the Sooners recovered the ball . This was the second loss in a row for the Longhorns .
Nebraska
Texas came into the game as heavy underdogs as the Cornhuskers sought revenge for the loss against the Longhorns in the final seconds of the 2009 Big 12 Championship Game . In the first quarter , Texas came out explosively with a field goal and the first rushing touchdown by Garrett Gilbert for the season , while Nebraska was held scoreless as Taylor Martinez was unable to make a big play . In the second quarter , Alex Henery would score a field goal on the Nebraska side , while Garrett Gilbert would score another touchdown . By the end of the half , chances of winning looked grim for the Huskers as Texas led 17–3 . Texas held the 2-score lead into the end of the third quarter , leading 20–6 . A botched kick by Justin Tucker was returned 95 yards by the Nebraska receiving team , narrowing the score to 20–13 . However , Texas would hold off with the win .
Iowa State
Texas came out flat . Iowa State ran over the Longhorns for the first 47 minutes of the game . Texas tried to keep it close but the Cyclones were too much in the end and captured their first ever victory against the Longhorns .
Baylor
Texas ' first loss to Baylor in the Mack Brown era ( 1998–present ) and first home loss to Baylor since 1991 . The Texas offense was stymied as Justin Tucker was forced to kick five field goals in the game . Texas 's only touchdown was a 20-yard scramble by Garrett Gilbert . Baylor quarterback and future Heisman trophy winner , Robert Griffin III passed for 219 yards , including a 59-yard strike to Terrance Williams . The pass only covered about ten yards in the air but Williams made Texas safety Blake Gideon miss and had no one else to beat over the final 45 yards to the end zone . Baylor running back Jay Finley also had a 69-yard run late in the third quarter .
Texas still holds a commanding lead in the all-time series against the Bears , 73–23–4 .
Kansas State
This season 's reoccurring theme continued . Texas put itself in another major hole with five offensive turnovers and a thirty-nine point deficit after three quarters . Quarterback Garrett Gilbert struggled , throwing five interceptions . As a result , Texas was handed its third straight defeat on the season and also in the head-to-head series against Kansas State . Texas now trails in this wild , all-time series versus the Wildcats , 5–6 .
Oklahoma State
In the first quarter , Texas was able to hold Oklahoma State to 3 points , but gave up 23 in the second quarter including a 67-yard touchdown pass by Brandon Weeden . Down 33–3 at the beginning of the 4th quarter , Texas was only able to cut the Cowboys ' lead from 30 to 17 with 2 touchdowns . The loss put Texas in a situation of must-wins to become bowl eligible .
Florida Atlantic
In the first quarter , the Longhorns went for it on 4th and goal but Cody Johnson was stopped short at the 1-yard line . Then Florida Atlantic Owls quarterback Jeff Van Camp threw an interception to Blake Gideon which led to Texas scoring on a Cody Johnson 1-yard touchdown run . FAU came back with 1:20 left in the first . Jeff Van Camp threw a 56-yard Touchdown to Rob Housler . With 13:52 in the second quarter , Garrett Gilbert threw a 63-yard touchdown pass to James Kirkendoll . With 8 minutes to go in the half , Justin Tucker kicked a 22-yard field goal to put the Longhorns ahead 17–7 . At the end of the half , Garrett Gilbert threw a Hail Mary to Malcolm Williams , catching the ball in the end-zone with no time left in the first half . Texas never looked back in the second half and went on to win 51–17 .
Texas A & M
Von Miller sacked Garret Gilbert twice and intercepted a pass , Cyrus Grey had TD runs of 84 and 48 yards while piling up 223 yards rushing for A & M , and Texas was left bowl ineligible at 5–7 . Texas had played in a bowl each year since losing to Texas A & M in 1997 .
Personnel
Depth chart
Roster
Coaching staff
Greg Davis resigned after the season while it was announced offensive line coach Mac McWhorter and defensive line coach Mike Tolleson would be leaving the program .
On December 11 , 2010 , Will Muschamp resigned as Texas defensive coordinator , and became the head coach at the University of Florida .
Rankings
The Longhorns entered the season ranked fifth and fourth in the AP and Coaches ' Polls , respectively . For the first 3 games , Texas would drop 1 place per game in the AP Poll due to slightly poor performances , while the Coaches ' Polls would remain the same . However , after losing to unranked UCLA at home , Texas would drop significantly by 14 spots on the AP poll and 10 spots on the Coaches ' Poll , hurting Texas ' aim for a BCS Bowl . After losing against Oklahoma in week 5 , Texas would fall out of the rankings for the first time in 10 years and remain so for the next bye week . Texas resumed a ranked placement after a win at then No . 5 Nebraska in week 7 ; however , Texas fell from the ranks again just a week later after another unprecedented home defeat , this time to Iowa State . After suffering their first ever loss in school history to Iowa State , Texas lost at home again in week 9 , this time to Baylor . It was Baylor 's first win against a Mack Brown coached Texas team and first win in Austin since 1991 . In week 10 , Texas lost its third straight game at unranked Kansas State . Texas lost its fourth straight and sixth of last seven in week 11 against the Oklahoma State Cowboys . Texas lost its last game of the season on Thanksgiving Day at home in Austin to the Texas A & M Aggies ; in doing so , the Longhorns finished 5–7 and failed to qualify for a post season bowl game for the first time since 1997 . Texas will not be ranked in either of the two major polls at the end of the 2010 season also for the first time since 1997 .
Recruiting
Notes
References
Texas
Texas Longhorns football seasons
Texas Longhorns football
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Cumberland South Riding on 17 October 1856 because William Manning was appointed Attorney-General in the Parker ministry .
Dates
Result
The by-election was caused by the appointment of William Manning as Attorney-General in the Parker ministry .
See also
Electoral results for the district of Cumberland ( South Riding )
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1856 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1850s in New South Wales
Simon Iveny ( fl . 1304–1305 ) was an English politician .
They were a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1304–05 .
References
13th-century births
14th-century deaths
English MPs 1305
Frederick Dolman ( 1867 11 June 1923 ) was a British journalist and Progressive Party politician . They were an elected member of the London County Council from 1901 to 1907 .
Background
Dolman was born in London . They were married with one son .
Professional career
Dolman entered journalism at age of 18 . They worked for the London Echo , Scarborough Evening News and the National Press Agency . They were editor of the Art Trade Journal . They were a contributor to The Strand , Pearson 's , Pall Mall Gazette and other magazines .
Their written work also included a book municipality at work : the municipal policy of six great towns and its influence on their social welfare ( with an introduction by Sir John Hutton , chairperson of the London County Council ) , published in 1895 . This compared London 's social welfare provision , sometimes unfavourably , to that of other British cities .
Political career
Dolman was a Progressive candidate for the Brixton division of Lambeth at the 1901 London County Council election . They were elected at the top of the poll . They were re-elected in 1904 . Later , they were a Member of the London War Pensions Committee .
References
1867 births
1923 deaths
Progressive Party ( London ) politicians
The MacKenzies of Paradise Cove ( also known as Wonderland Cove ) is an American six-episode drama miniseries which aired on ABC during the 1978–79 season from March 27 to May 18 , 1979 , following a television film pilot titled Stickin ' Together that aired earlier in 1978 .
Plot
The series , set in Honolulu , follows the adventures of Bridget , Kevin , Celia , Michael and Timothy MacKenzie , five orphaned children ranging in age from 7 to 17 who , in an attempt to remain a family after their parents ' death in a sailing accident , adopt Cuda Weber – a reluctant seagoing fisherman – as their unofficial guardian so that authorities will not split them up .
Cast
Clu Gulager as Cuda Weber , a free-spirited fisherman who becomes a guardian to the MacKenzie kids
Lory Walsh as Bridget MacKenzie , the eldest daughter ( 17 ) and Kevin 's twin sister
Shawn Stevens as Kevin MacKenzie , the eldest son ( 17 ) and Bridget 's twin brother
Sean Marshall as Michael MacKenzie , the third oldest child ( 14 )
Randi Kiger as Celia MacKenzie , the fourth child ( 12 )
Keith Mitchell as Timothy MacKenzie , the youngest child at 7
Harry Chang as Barney , Cuda 's friend
Moe Keale as `` Big Ben '' Kalikini , Cuda 's friend
Sean Tyler Hall as “ Little Ben Kalikini , the neighbor friend
Episodes
Home media release
In 1986 , the series ' 78-minute pilot film was released on videocassette under the title Wonderland Cove by Prism Entertainment .
References
External links
1979 American television series debuts
1979 American television series endings
1970s American drama television series
American Broadcasting Company original programming
English-language television shows
Television series about families
Television shows set in Hawaii
Television shows filmed in Hawaii
Waterloo is an unincorporated community located in Howard County in the U.S. state of Maryland . Located at the intersection of Waterloo Road and Washington Boulevard , the neighborhood is encompassed mostly by Jessup and partially by Elkridge .
History
Spurrier 's Tavern was a prominent location along the post road from Philadelphia to Georgetown . During the American Revolution , Spurrier 's tavern was significant as a supply and resting point for the Continental Army ; George Washington was a frequent visitor . It became the central meeting place of the Elk Ridge Militia . The tavern was renamed to `` Waterloo '' in 1815 by the innkeeper after the Battle of Waterloo . Hence , the area around the tavern followed the name of `` Waterloo '' .
The greater Waterloo area is now referenced as Jessup . The Maryland State Police Waterloo barracks retain the old name of the community .
Neighborhoods
Cedar Villa Heights , a mid twentieth century neighborhood located off Cedar Avenue .
Dorset Gardens at Blue Stream , a new townhouse community located adjacent to the U.S. 1 Flea Market .
Howard Square , a major mixed-use development initiated in 2013 located across from the Waterloo Barracks .
Lark Brown , a townhouse and commercial community located on Old Waterloo Road and Lark Brown Road .
Mission Place , an apartment complex on Mission Road and Washington Boulevard
Montevideo , an established residential community located at the crossroads of Montevideo Road and Forest and Wigley Avenues .
Ridgely 's Run , a small light residential neighborhood with a community center located off of Mission Road .
Education
Currently , no schools exist in the immediate area of Waterloo . The closest schools include Deep Run Elementary School on Old Waterloo Road , Thomas Viaduct Middle School in Oxford Square , Bollman Bridge Elementary School and Patuxent Valley Middle School in Savage .
In 2016 , funding has been requested to construct a new high school on the Mission Road Quarry Site , currently owned by Savage Stone . The school would alleviate crowding along the Route 1 Corridor .
Industry
Waterloo includes a number of large industrial centers .
East Columbia Marketpace
Maryland Wholesale Food Market
Maryland Seafood Market
US 1 Flea Market
Public transit
Waterloo is 1.9 miles ( a four-minute drive ) from Jessup station ( MARC Camden Line ) . The area is also served by a number of bus routes that interchange at the Maryland Wholesale Food Market Transportation Hub . They include RTA 408/Gold , 409/Purple , 410/Silver and MTA 320 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Maryland
Unincorporated communities in Howard County , Maryland
The women 's football tournament at the 2014 Asian Games was held in Incheon and three other cities in South Korea from September 14 to October 1 , 2014 . The opening match was played 5 days prior to the opening ceremony . In this tournament , 11 teams participated in women 's competition .
North Korea won the gold medal after defeating the titleholder ; Japan in the final with 3–1 score . The bronze medal was won by the host , South Korea after defeating Vietnam 3–0 .
Squads
Results
All times are Korea Standard Time ( UTC+09:00 )
First round
Group A
Group B
Group C
Third-placed teams
Knockout round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
Gold medal match
Goalscorers
Final standing
References
External links
Official website
Women
Nikolai Aleksandrovich Vovk ( ; born 8 January 1997 ) is a Russian football player .
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Shinnik Yaroslavl on 22 March 2015 in a game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok .
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1997 births
Footballers from Yaroslavl
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Znamya Truda Orekhovo-Zuyevo players
FC Torpedo Vladimir players
Princess Margaret Hospital is the major trauma facility of Dominica , located in the northern Goodwill part of the capital , Roseau , to the northeast of Lindo Park , north of the Dominica Botanical Gardens , southwest of Clifton Dupigny Technical College and south of Stock Farm Prison . There are approximately 15 house/resident doctors and 12 specialists . The hospital has a four-bed Intensive Care unit . A hyperbaric chamber exists , but is not ( as of March 2007 ) operational . The Ambulance service is operated by the Fire Department , with approximately six ambulances .
Princess Margaret is the main hospital on the island with 800 beds . Most of the building is old , although the French have constructed a new wing to help develop the hospital .
The hospital comes under the direct control of the Dominican Ministry of Health and is listed as providing curative and rehabilitative services , including medical , surgical , obstetrics , gynecology , pediatric , neonatal , haemodialysis , psychiatric , accident and emergency care , referrals for overseas tertiary care , ambulatory specialist clinics and diagnostic services including radiography , laboratory and blood banking .
References
Hospitals in Dominica
Roseau
The Lebanon national football team has represented Lebanon in international association football since 1940 . The Lebanese Football Association ( LFA ) was founded in 1933 and became a member of the Fédération Internationale de Football Association ( FIFA ) three years later . However , the team did not play its first official international match until 27 April 1940 , suffering a 5–1 defeat to Mandatory Palestine in a friendly game . In 1964 , Lebanon joined the Asian Football Confederation ( AFC ) and continues to compete as a member of the organisation .
Players
See also
List of Lebanon international footballers born outside Lebanon
List of Lebanon women 's international footballers
References
Association football player non-biographical articles
Anker Lyder Folkestad ( 31 July 1914 – 28 August 1989 ) was a Norwegian civil servant .
They were born in Ullern as a son of station manager Ole Folkestad ( 1875–1951 ) and Marianne Evensen ( 1878–1950 ) , and younger brother of engineer Olav Georg Folkestad . In 1942 they married Ragnhild Charlotte Ajaxson . They resided in Bærum .
They finished secondary school in 1933 and also took Treider School in 1937 . They were subsequently hired as a secretary at Treider School before studying law . They graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.jur . degree in 1945 .
They worked as a secretary and consultant in the Ministry of Finance from 1946 , and was promoted to assistant secretary in 1956 . After a tenure as director of personnel in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1961 to 1963 , they were appointed as deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Defence .
Folkestad was also a member of several public planning commissions . They died in August 1989 and was buried at Haslum .
References
1914 births
1989 deaths
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian civil servants
NRK people
People from Bærum
Esson may refer to :
People
George Esson ( born 1942 ) , Scottish police officer
Henry Esson Young ( 1862–1939 ) , Canadian physician and politician
John Esson ( 1800–1860 ) , Canadian merchant and politician
Katja Esson , German-American filmmaker
Louis Esson ( 1878–1943 ) , Australian poet , journalist , critic and playwright
Rachel Esson ( born 1965 ) , New Zealand librarian
Ryan Esson ( born 1980 ) , Scottish football goalkeeper
Victoria Esson ( born 1991 ) , New Zealand association football goalkeeper
William Esson ( 1838–1916 ) , British mathematician
Places
Esson , Calvados , commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France
Other uses
Herpystis esson , species of moth of the family Tortricidae
See also
Essonne , homophonous toponym
The Keswick Theatre is a privately owned theater in the Keswick Village section of Glenside , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Philadelphia . Horace Trumbauer designed the exterior in the Tudor Revival Style which has remained essentially unaltered . When opened it had 1,366-seats .
The first performance was on Christmas Day in 1928 in a private event held for the Kiwanis Club . The Keswick Theatre opened to the public on December 27 with vaudeville and the film Glorious Betsy . Shot as a silent film with some speaking sequences , the Keswick showed a silent version as the sound equipment was not yet ready . In 1955 the theatre was renovated to show CinemaScope films .
The theatre operated until 1980 . After closing it was threatened with demolition until a community group formed to re-open it as a live performance venue . During this period the Keswick presented performances by Fred Waring and the Young Pennsylvanians and the Preservation Hall Jazz Band . The venue also hosted performances by Theodore Bikel , Lionel Hampton , Carlos Montoya and Roberta Peters . The theater closed again in 1985 and reopened in 1988 under private ownership . The new owners established a restoration fund for repairs , restoration , and equipment upgrades . The theatre has been described as `` acoustically luscious '' and was fully restored by 1994 .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 . It has been owned by AEG Live since 2008 .
Organ
Originally the Keswick had an Aeolian-Votey pipe organ ( Opus 1689 ) which was installed with a wide array of percussion traps for the accompaniment of silent films . The fate of the original organ is unknown . In 1987 the Möller organ ( Opus 5230 ) from the Sedgwick Theater was installed in the Keswick . When the Sedgwick closed as a cinema in 1966 the organ was removed and placed in storage .
References
Music venues in Pennsylvania
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania
Theatres on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania
Theatres completed in 1928
1928 establishments in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places in Montgomery County , Pennsylvania
Public venues with a theatre organ
Vela Bluff ( ) is a large isolated nunatak which signposts the only known route across the lower part of Ryder Glacier . It is located 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) west of Canopus Crags and 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ) from the west coast Palmer Land and was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) after the constellation of Vela .
Cliffs of Palmer Land
Sherington is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority area of the City of Milton Keynes , Buckinghamshire , England . It is located north-east of Newport Pagnell , and north-east of Central Milton Keynes , immediately to the west of the A509 .
Toponymy
The village name is an Old English language word , and means 'Scira 's estate ' . In the Domesday Book of 1086 the village was recorded as Serintone . The parish church is dedicated to Saint Laud .
Twin village
The village is twinned with Sameon in France .
References
External links
Sherington Historical Society
Sherington Parish Council website
Sherington village website
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Areas of Milton Keynes
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Bolaños is the municipal seat of Bolaños Municipality , Jalisco , Mexico .
Populated places in Jalisco
Bisu or BISU may refer to :
Bisu ( festival ) , a festival celebrated in South Canara region in Karnataka and Kerala as New year , India
Bisu ( marque ) , a Chinese automotive brand .
Beijing International Studies University , a Chinese university in Chaoyang District , Beijing , China
Bohol Island State University , a public university in the Philippines
Bes or Bisu , an Egyptian deity
Bisu , the alias of Kim Taek-Yong ( born 1989 ) , professional StarCraft player from South Korea
Bisu language , a language of the Sino-Tibetan family
Ingrid Bisu ( born 1987 ) , actor and producer
Joseph Gauthier ( March 11 , 1842 – September 26 , 1911 ) was a farmer , grain merchant and political figure in Quebec . They represented L'Assomption in the House of Commons of Canada from 1887 to 1892 and from 1896 to 1900 as a Liberal .
They were born in Saint-Lin , Canada East , the son of Louis Gauthier and Aline Renaud . In 1865 , Gauthier married Philomène Daunais . They served as mayor of Saint-Lin from 1872 to 1880 . They ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1882 . They were first elected in 1887 ; that election was appealed but they won the by-election which followed in 1888 . Their election in 1891 was declared void in 1892 and Hormidas Jeannotte was elected by acclamation in the by-election that followed . Gauthier defeated Jeannotte in the 1896 federal election . They died in Saint-Lin at the age of 69 .
External Links
By-election : On Mr. Gauthier being unseated , 3 March 1888
References
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
1842 births
1911 deaths
Mayors of places in Quebec
Hassan is a city in Hassan taluk and headquarters of Hassan district , in southern part of Karnataka .
The city is situated above sea level . The urban population in 2011 was 133,436 . It is situated at a distance of from the state capital , Bangalore , and from Mangalore .
Hassan city gets its name from the Hindu goddess Hassanamba .
In 2020 , the Karnataka Government upgraded Hassan 's city municipal council area to by including nearby villages to the panchayat and the population increased from 133,436 to 226,520 .
History
Hassan dates from beginnings of the Hoysala Empire in the 11th century . Hoysala Empire ruled this city for a long time and their influence can be seen in the art and inscriptions on the different monuments .
Demographics
Indian census , the city of Hassan had an urban population of 133,436 . Males were 49.5 % of the population and females 50.5 % . The average literacy rate was 80.8 % . Male literacy was 82.7 % , and female literacy was 78.9 % . Of the population , 10.1 % was under the age of 7 . After expanding city limits , the population increased to 226,520 .
Gallery
Climate
Tropical savanna climates have monthly mean temperature above 18 °C ( 64 °F ) in every month of the year and typically a pronounced dry season , with the driest month having precipitation less than 60 mm ( 2.36 in ) of precipitation . According to the Köppen Climate Classification , Hassan has a tropical savanna climate ( Aw ) .
See also
Hassan District
Manjarabad Fort , a star fort from 1792
Shravanabelagola
Belur
Sakleshpur
Mangalore
Halebidu
Saligrama , Mysore
References
External links
Cities and towns in Hassan district
Cities in Karnataka
is a Japanese biathlete . They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Japanese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Japan
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Niigata Prefecture
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1990 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Winter Games
The yellow-vented woodpecker ( Veniliornis dignus ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It is found in Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
Description
The yellow-vented woodpecker is between in length . The male has a red crown , nape and mantle , with black streaking , while the female has a blackish crown , and a red nape and mantle . The sexes are otherwise similar in appearance , with olive-green upper parts with bronze overtones , a dark tail , and yellowish underparts , finely barred with black , grey or olive ; the vent area and under-tail coverts are plain yellow . The face is grey , with white bars above and below the eye . The iris is reddish and the beak and legs are grey .
Distribution and habitat
The yellow-vented woodpecker is native to northwestern South America . Its range extends from upland Venezuela , through the eastern , central and western ranges of the Andes in Colombia to Ecuador and Peru . It is an upland species , its altitudinal range being from , but it is seldom seen below .
Ecology
This woodpecker is usually seen singly or in pairs , or occasionally in small groups of mixed species . It forages for invertebrates in the twigs and outer branches in the middle and upper parts of the canopy . Its breeding habits are poorly known but it is believed to nest between March and August .
Status
The yellow-vented woodpecker is described as an uncommon species . Its population size has not been quantified but its population seems stable and it has a very large range , so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
yellow-vented woodpecker
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
yellow-vented woodpecker
yellow-vented woodpecker
yellow-vented woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Billboard 200 , published in Billboard magazine , is a weekly chart that ranks the 200 highest-selling music albums and EPs in the United States . This data is compiled by Nielsen SoundScan from a universe of merchants that represents more than 90 % of the U.S. music retail market . The sample includes music stores and the music departments at electronics and department stores , as well as direct-to-consumer transactions and internet sales .
Chart history
See also
1998 in music
List of number-one albums ( United States )
References
1998
United States Albums
Moshe Roas ( born 1981 ) is an Israeli artist , who works in sculpture , drawing , printmaking and installation art . They have exhibited in galleries and museums in the Netherlands , ( Germany ) , Poland , United States , South Korea and Israel . These include the Tel Aviv Museum of Art , the Eretz Israel Museum , the Jerusalem Print Workshop and the Tel Aviv Artists ' House .
Many of their works are created in processes of decomposition and reassembly , and deal with decay , life , death and time . Roas lives in Kibbutz Palmachim and teaches printmaking in Tel Aviv and Givat Haviva .
Biography
Roas was born in Safed and grew up in Karmiel . They studied textile design at Shenkar College of Engineering and Design , where they graduated in 2008 . In 2009 , they were awarded the Young Designer Competition in Talente , Munich , and an honorable mention at an international art competition in Cheongju , South Korea . In 2014 they were awarded the design prize by the Ministry of Culture and Sport and a guest artist 's scholarship at the Jerusalem Print Workshop . In the years 2016–2018 they studied at the Postgraduate Fine Art Program at HaMidrasha – Faculty of the Arts , Beit Berl College . They also studied printmaking in Venice and Portland , Maine .
Exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
And the Winners are : Prizes of the Ministry of Culture and Sport for Art and Design , Tel Aviv Museum , 2014 , Curators : Maya Vinitzky and Noa Rosenberg
Artist Wall : Einat Amir hosts Moshe Roas , Art Cube Artists ' Studios , Jerusalem , 2014
Undoing , Periscope Gallery , 2013 , curator : Irena Gordon
Group exhibitions
Exercises in Flexibility , HaMidrasha Gallery – Hayarkon 19 , Tel Aviv , 2018 . Curator : Nogah Davidson
On the Edge – Israeli Paper , Eretz Israel Museum , Tel Aviv , 2017 . Curator : Anat Gatenio
Sculpture : Allegories of the Present , Artists ' House , Tel Aviv , 2016. curator : Irena Gordon
Same Sky Same land , Pulchri Studio , The Hague , Netherlands , 2015 . Curator : Uri Tzaig
Same Sky Same land , LJGalerie , Amsterdam , Netherlands , 2015 . Curator : Uri Tzaig
The Design Museum at the Artists ' House , Artists ' House , Tel Aviv , 2014 , Curator : Yuval Saar
Woven Consciousness – Biennale for Textile , Eretz Israel Museum , 2014 . Curator : Irena Gordon
Traces V – Beyond Paper , Jerusalem , 2013 . Curator : Tal Yahas
Fresh Design 6 / 2013 , Design Fair , Tel Aviv .
International Contemporary Furniture Fair – ICFF , New York City , 2013
14 International Triennial of Tapestry Łódź , Poland , 2013
TextiLiri , Periscope Gallery , 2012 , curator : Ayala Raz
Expo 2012 , Yeosu , South Korea
Fresh Paint 5 / 2012 , Art Fair , Tel Aviv
Pass Forward , The Ranch Gallery , Holon , 2011
Hot – Innovation in Design , Mitchell Gallery , Shenkar College of Engineering and Design , Ramat Gan , 2009 . Curator : Prof. Yarom Vardimon
The 6th Cheongju International Craft Competition , South Korea , 2009
Talente 2009 , International Young Designers Exhibition , Munich , ( Germany )
External links
Roas ' website
Curator Irena Gordon on the work of Moshe Roas , the YouTube channel of the Eretz Israel Museum , 30 March 2014
Interview with Moshe Roas on the television program London et Kirschenbaum from the YouTube Channel of the HaMidrasha – Faculty of the Arts , 4 June 2018
References
1981 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
People from Safed
21st-century Israeli sculptors
Israeli etchers
21st-century Israeli male artists
Israeli contemporary artists
Israeli sculptors
HaMidrasha – Faculty of the Arts alumni
The 13th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Service
The 13th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at Columbia , Kentucky and mustered in for one year on December 22 , 1863 , under the command of Colonel James W. Weatherford .
The regiment was attached to District of South Central Kentucky , 1st Division , XXIII Corps , Department of the Ohio , to January 1864 . District of Southwest Kentucky , Department of the Ohio , to April 1864 . 2nd Brigade , 1st Division , District of Kentucky , Department of the Ohio , to July 1864 . 1st Brigade , 1st Division , District of Kentucky , to January 1865 .
The 13th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service at Camp Nelson on January 10 , 1865 .
Detailed service
Duty at Lebanon and protecting country south of Lebanon until June 1864 . Cumberland River , Kentucky , November 26 , 1863 . Creelsborough and Celina December 7 . Cumberland River March 19 , 1864 . Obey 's River March 28 ( detachment ) . Expedition to Obey 's River April 18–20 . Wolf River May 18 . Operations against Morgan May 31-June 30 . Cynthiana June 12 . Liberty June 17 . Canton and Roaring Springs August 22 . At Camp Burnside August 26-September 16 . Ordered to Mt . Sterling September 16 . Burbridge 's Expedition into southwest Virginia September 20-October 17 . Saltville , Virginia , October 2 . At Mt . Sterling , Lexington and Crab Orchard , Kentucky , until December 17 . At Camp Nelson until January 10 , 1865 .
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 94 men during service ; 1 officer and 9 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded , 1 officer and 83 enlisted men died of disease .
Commanders
Colonel James W. Weatherford
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer , Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion ( Des Moines , IA : Dyer Pub . Co. ) , 1908 .
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1863
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1863 establishments in Kentucky
1865 disestablishments in Kentucky
Columbia , Kentucky
The 1946 Michigan Tech Huskies football team was an American football team that represented Michigan College of Mining and Technology ( later renamed Michigan Technological University ) as an independent during the 1946 college football season . In their first and only year under head coach Rex Benoit , the Huskies compiled a 3–2 record and were outscored by a total of 54 to 49 .
Schedule
References
Michigan Tech
Michigan Tech Huskies football
Michigan Tech Huskies football
Başağaç is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Robertson Ridge ( ) is a ridge circumscribing the northwest part of Clark Glacier in Victoria Land . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for James D. Robertson , United States Antarctic Research Program ( USARP ) geophysicist at Byrd Station , 1970–71 season ; they participated in the geophysical survey of the Ross Ice Shelf in the 1973-74 and 1974–75 seasons .
Ridges of Antarctica
Scott Coast
Ensamma mamman ( `` single mom '' ) is a Swedish comic strip created by Cecilia Torudd . Ensamma mamman first made a brief appearance in Dagens Nyheter in 1985 . It was well received by the readers and returned in 1987 as a fixed feature . Torudd continued drawing it until 1991 , when it was syndicated by Bull , and it has since been rerun in many newspapers . Ensamma mamman deals with a single mother and their two teenage children , their 14-year-old son Beppe and their daughter Mia , 17 years old .
Ensamma mamman received the Urhunden Prize by the Swedish Association for Promotion of Comics , in 1989 .
Source
Swedish comic strips
1985 comics debuts
Comics about women
Gag-a-day comics
Female characters in comics
Comics set in Sweden
Comics characters introduced in 1985
Swedish comics characters
The 1888–89 season was Notts County 's first season in the Football League which had just been founded . Because of this Notts County became one of the founder members of the Football League . They finished in 11th position level on points with bottom of the table Stoke and were re-elected .
Final league table
Key : P = Matches played ; W = Matches won ; D = Matches drawn ; L = Matches lost ; F = Goals for ; A = Goals against ; GA = Goal average ; Pts = Points
Results
Notts County 's score comes first
Legend
Football League
FA Cup
Appearances
See also
1888–89 in English football
List of Notts County F.C . seasons
References
Notts County F.C . seasons
Notts
Antonello Cuccureddu ( , ; 4 October 1949 ) is an Italian association football coach and former player who played as a defender . They last managed Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Grosseto in 2014 .
Club career
A central defender , Cuccureddu spent their club playing career with Brescia ( 1968–69 ) , Juventus ( 1969–81 , winning six Serie A titles ) , and Fiorentina ( 1981–83 ) .
Rather prolific for being a defender ( he had a very strong long distance shot ) , in one league season they managed to score 12 goals ( during the 1973–74 Italian Serie A season ) , although in that season they played as a midfielder . Their most famous goal in the league was scored at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome , facing A.S. Roma in the last match of the 1972–73 Serie A season : with that goal Juventus beat Roma 2–1 and won their 15th domestic title by 1 point over A.C. Milan , who were leading the league until the final match of the season , and finished 2 points over S.S. Lazio .
International career
At international level , Cuccureddu earned 13 caps for the Italy national football team , and played in the 1978 FIFA World Cup ( where they featured in 5 fixtures , including the match against Argentina , which Italy won 1–0 , and the 3rd place final against Brazil , which Italy lost 1–2 ) .
Style of play
Cuccureddu was a hard-working and tactically versatile footballer , who was capable of aiding their team both offensively and defensively , and of playing anywhere in defence or midfield . Throughout their career , they were primarily deployed as a defender , and was capable of playing as an offensive wing-back , as a full-back , or as a centre-back , which was their usual position . They also played in midfield on occasion , which was their initial position at the beginning of their career , and was deployed as a mezzala , as a central , box-to-box , defensive midfielder , or attacking midfielder on occasion .
As a footballer , they were known in particular for their dynamism , stamina , their ability to read the game , vision , and tactical intelligence . Although they were primarily a defensive-minded player , they were quite prolific in front of goal throughout their career , as they possessed an accurate and powerful shot with their right foot from outside the area , which also made them a dangerous goal threat ; due to their striking ability , they were an accurate set-piece and penalty kick taker .
Managerial career
As a coach , they won both the Torneo di Viareggio and the Campionato Nazionale Primavera in 1994 with the Juventus Primavera side . During the 1999–2000 Serie C1 season , they led Crotone to the Girone B title , helping the club to Serie B promotion .
In the 2006–07 season they led Grosseto to become Serie C1/A winners and gain a historical first-ever promotion to Serie B. Cuccureddu left Grosseto soon after the end of the season to join Serie C1 club Perugia , where they did not manage to repeat their successes at Grosseto . From March 2009 they were the new head coach of Lega Pro Prima Divisione side Pescara ; this adventure ended in January 2010 , when they were replaced by Eusebio Di Francesco , former coach of Lanciano . In 2013 , they returned to Grosseto in Lega Pro Prima Divisione , where they remained until January 2014 , after being sacked , due to the club 's negative results .
Coaching tactics
As a coach , Cuccureddu built their teams on tactically traditional formations , based on defensive stability , favouring a four-man defensive line in either a 4–4–2 , or a 4–3–1–2 formation .
Honours
Player
Juventus
6 Serie A : 1971–72 , 1972–73 , 1974–75 , 1976–77 , 1977–78 , 1980–81
1 Coppa Italia : 1978–79
1 UEFA Cup : 1976–77
Manager
Juventus Primavera
Torneo di Viareggio : 1994
Campionato Nazionale Primavera : 1993–94
Crotone
Serie C1 ( Girone B ) : 1999–2000
Grosseto
Serie C1 ( Girone A ) : 2006–07
References
1949 births
Living people
Footballers from Sardinia
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Italian footballers
Italian football managers
Italy international footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
1978 FIFA World Cup players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Brescia Calcio players
Juventus F.C . players
ACF Fiorentina players
Novara F.C . players
People from Alghero
U.S. Avellino 1912 managers
F.C . Crotone managers
F.C . Grosseto S.S.D . managers
Ternana Calcio managers
A.C. Perugia Calcio managers
Delfino Pescara 1936 managers
UEFA Cup winning players
S.E.F . Torres 1903 players
Pol . Alghero players
António de Macedo ( 5 July 1931 − 5 October 2017 ) was Portuguese filmmaker , writer , university professor and lecturer .
They gave up filmmaking in the 1990s as they felt systematically excluded from the state support programs of the Portuguese Ministry of Culture , the only financial source for film production in Portugal in that time . As a consequence , they dedicated themselves entirely to writing , investigation and teaching . They published several books , essays , philosophy and fiction .
Biography
Filmmaker
Macedo was born in Lisbon , where they graduated in architecture at the ESBAL ( Escola Superior de Belas-Artes ) , the Faculty of Fine Arts , in 1958 . From then until 1964 , they worked as an architect in the Town Hall of Lisbon .
They abandoned their architect career in 1964 to devote themselves to filmmaking as director and scriptwriter . They also dedicated to literature and research in the fields of religion and spirituality . They specialized in the history and Sociology of Esoteric Christianity . In 2010 they earned a doctor 's degree summa cum laude in Sociology of Culture ( in the field of Sociology of Religion ) , at the Nova University of Lisbon .
As a filmmaker , they were one of the pioneers of the Portuguese Cinema Novo and one of the founder members of the first film cooperative societies in Portugal , the `` Centro Português de Cinema '' ( 1970 ) .
They started their career as a film director with their avant-garde short film Verão Coincidente [ Coincident Summer ] and Nicotiana ( 1963 ) . These films were noticed by the producers Francisco de Castro and António da Cunha Telles , who invited Macedo to direct their first feature film , Domingo à Tarde [ Sunday Afternoon ] , 1965 , which was selected for the Venice Film Festival of that year . During the prime minister António de Oliveira Salazar and later of Marcello Caetano dictatorship , Macedo 's movies were almost always at odds with the Portuguese censorship , specially Domingo à Tarde [ Sunday Afternoon ] and A Promessa [ The Vow ] , which were seriously affected by censors . Nojo aos Cães [ Even Curs Feel Disgust ] was totally forbidden . Nevertheless , A Promessa had a good reception at the Cannes Film Festival and it won the first prize at the Cartagena Film Festival . Nojo aos Cães was selected for the Bergamo Film Festival , had good reviews and a final nomination for the first prize as well . At the Benalmádena Film Festival it won the prestigious `` FICC Award '' ( annual film prize of the `` Fédération Internationale des Ciné-Clubs '' ) .
Just before the Carnation Revolution in 1974 , Macedo founded in that same year , together with other filmmakers , a new cooperative film production company , Cinequanon . There they worked as a director until 1996 . Their latest film made with this new film company was Santo António de Todo o Mundo [ Saint Anthony of the Whole World ] , shot in 1996 .
After the fall of the dictatorial regime of Salazar / Caetano in 1974 , Macedo worked intensively in many television films and TV series : films `` engagés '' , political cinema denouncing the crimes committed by the former dictatorship . Meanwhile , they kept on making full-length pictures , such as O Princípio da Sabedoria [ The Principle of Wisdom ] or As Horas de Maria [ Twelve Hours with Maria ] . This last one , when released in 1979 was hardly attacked by the Portuguese Catholic Church under the charge of `` blasphemy '' and `` moral and religious outrage '' . Their next feature , Os Abismos da Meia-Noite [ The Magic Springs of Gerenia ] , was a box office hit in Portugal , and won three national film awards : `` Best Portuguese Film '' , `` Best Script '' and `` Best Sound Design , '' and also `` Best Actor '' at the Rimini Film Festival .
Chá Forte com Limão [ Black Tea With Lemon ] was their last feature . Notwithstanding their extensive and original filmography , and in spite of the cultural trend of their cinema , Macedo 's applications to get support from the film financing programs of the Portuguese Ministry of Culture were systematically rejected . When asked about the reasons why their film projects were so ill-regarded by the juries , some jurors would state that the negative verdicts were consequence of a `` uninteresting cinema '' , `` detached from reality '' , `` fanciful and too much whimsical '' ( See as reference the interview published at the magazine of the Portuguese Authors Society ) . They alluded to the genre of most of Macedo 's movies , which include weird elements , magic fantasy , dark fantasy , science-fiction and so on .
Without being able to go on filming , Macedo went on along with their other specializations , namely investigating and teaching film theory , film aesthetics , speculative fiction as well as comparative religion , spirituality , history of religion , sociology of religion , esoterology . They died in Lisbon , aged 86 .
Teacher and writer
After 1996 , Macedo devoted themselves exclusively to literature and to university teaching .
Alongside their career of motion-picture director , Macedo has also applied themselves to teaching : since 1970 until 1974 they were a teacher in `` Theory and Workshops of Film Direction '' at the INP Institute ( Lisbon ) , and until 1990 they taught `` Cinema Aesthetics '' and `` Visual Semiotics '' at the IADE Institute ( `` College of Fine Arts and Design , '' in Lisbon ) . After 1994 they were a professor of `` Visual Semiotics '' at the Lusófona University ( Lisbon ) , and of `` Filmic Language '' and `` Scriptwriting '' at the Moderna University of Lisbon . From 2002 on , and at present , they are a professor of `` Biblical Studies '' and `` Esoterology '' at the Nova University of Lisbon .
literature and essays
Macedo implied themselves in writing and publishing novels , all of them of science-fiction and fantasy , pervaded by a Gothic and often magic atmosphere . Referring to Macedo 's novels A Sonata de Cristal [ The Crystal Sonata ] , Contos do Androthelys [ Tales of the Androthelys ] , and others , the Portuguese scholar Teresa Sousa de Almeida , a Professor of Literature at Nova University of Lisbon , states :
Mixing SF with fantastic literature , Antonio de Macedo presents us with a strange and disturbing world , in which irony is always present . [ . . . ] Also surprising is the transfiguration that the real world sees itself going through when it is affected by the strangeness of a different reality . In the fantastic universe of Antonio de Macedo , the real world merely provides a set of signs which can only be deciphered with a key coming from another universe , to which only a few people have access . Thus , the reading of their works becomes an initiatory process in which the reader seeks out the occult truth hidden behind the story .
They also wrote essays on religion and Christian esotericism . One of them , Esoterismo da Bíblia [ Esotericism of the Bible ] , is a treatise on Biblical esotericism which includes the lessons ( from 2002 through 2006 ) of the course on `` Biblical Esoterology '' which Macedo taught at the Faculty of Human and Social Sciences ( Nova University of Lisbon ) . This book deals with the conditions surrounding the birth , rise and fast expansion of Christianity in its early manifold currents , esoteric and exoteric , and its numberless manifestations , either official or marginal , in present times :
Its author , with their discreet and accessible erudition , explains the connections between the ancient texts and their historical , philosophical and religious antecedents , as well as their connection with the Mysteries , ancient and modern .
Macedo 's doctorate dissertation is a comprehensive research on sociology of culture , sociology of religion and on esoterology of the New Testament texts , and was published in 2011 with the title Cristianismo Iniciático [ Christianity and Initiation ] . In a dense volume of 663 pages Macedo makes a deep study of the History and Sociology of the biblical texts , discussing especially the highest importance of the esoteric and heterodox interpretations of the Bible , and respective authors and currents since the production of the ancient biblical texts until today , and the profound significance of those interpretations to the development of mentality , culture , and science of the western civilisation .
Filmography
full-length features
1965 — Domingo à Tarde ( Sunday Afternoon )
1967 — Sete Balas para Selma ( Seven Bullets for Selma )
1970 — Nojo aos Cães ( Even Curs Feel Disgust )
1972 — A Promessa ( The Vow )
1975 — O Rico , o Camelo e o Reino ou o Princípio da Sabedoria ( The Principle of Wisdom )
1976 — As Horas de Maria ( Twelve Hours with Maria )
1979 — O Príncipe com Orelhas de Burro ( The Donkey-Eared Prince )
1983 — Os Abismos da Meia-Noite ( The Magic Springs of Gerenia )
1987 — Os Emissários de Khalôm ( The Emissaries From Khalom )
1989 — A Maldição de Marialva ( The Curse of Marialva )
1993 — Chá Forte com Limão ( Black Tea With Lemon )
2016 — O Segredo das Pedras Vivas ( The Secret of the Waking Stones )
middle-length and short films
( selection )
1962 — Verão Coincidente ( Coincident Summer )
1963 — Nicotiana ( Nicotiana )
1966 — Crónica do Esforço Perdido ( Chronicle of the Lost Struggle )
1967 — Alta Velocidade ( [ High Speed )
1968 — Albufeira
1968 — Fado : Lisboa 68
1968 — A Ginástica na Prevenção dos Acidentes ( Exercises to Prevent Accidents )
1968 — A Revelação ( The Revelation )
1969 — Almada-Negreiros Vivo Hoje ( Almada Negreiros Alive today )
1970 — História Breve da Madeira Aglomerada ( Brief History of Agglomerate Wood )
1971 — Cinco Temas para Refinaria & Quarteto ( Five Themes for Refinery and Quartet )
1971 — Do Outro Lado do Rio : Almada ( On the Other Side of the River : Almada )
1973 — Cenas de Caça no Baixo Alentejo ( Hunting Scenes in Alentejo )
1973 — A Criança e a Justiça ( Children and Justice )
1973 — Um Milhão de Vóltios ( One Million Watts )
1982 — O Futuro do Mondego ( The Future of Mondego )
television films and programs
( selection )
1975 — Fatima Story
1976 — O Outro Teatro ( The Other Theater )
1981 — A Magia das Bonecas ( Magic of Dolls ) – 3 x 50 '
1988 — Fernando Lanhas : Os Sete Rostos ( Fernando Lanhas : The Seven Faces )
1992 — O Altar dos Holocaustos ( The Altar of the Holocausts ) – 3 x 50 '
1996 — Santo António de Todo o Mundo ( Saint Anthony of the Whole World )
Books
film theory
1959 / 60 – A Evolução Estética do Cinema ( The Evolution of Film Aesthetics ) , two volumes
essays on philosophy and esotericism
1961 — Da Essência da Libertação ( On the Essence of Freedom )
1999 — Instruções Iniciáticas ( Initiatory Teachings )
2002 — Laboratório Mágico ( Magic Laboratory )
2003 — O Neoprofetismo e a Nova Gnose ( New Prophetism and New Gnosis )
2006 — Esoterismo da Bíblia ( Esotericism of the Bible )
2006 — Textos Neo-Gnósticos ( Texts on New Gnosticism )
2011 — Cristianismo Iniciático ( Christianity and Initiation )
2016 — A Provocadora Realidade dos Mundos Imaginários ( The Provocative Reality of Imaginary Worlds )
science fiction & fantasy
1992 — O Limite de Rudzky ( Rudzky 's Limit ) – short stories collection
1993 — Contos do Androthelys ( Tales of the Androthelys ) – novel
1995 — Sulphira & Lucyphur ( Sulphira & Lucyphur ) – novel
1996 — A Sonata de Cristal ( The Crystal Sonata ) – novel
1998 — Erotosofia ( Erotosophy ) – novel
2000 — O Cipreste Apaixonado ( The Impassioned Cypress ) – novel
2004 — As Furtivas Pegadas da Serpente ( The Stealthy Footprints of the Snake ) – novel
2007 — A Conspiração dos Abandonados ( The Conspiracy of the Abandoned ) – short stories collection
stage plays
1983 — A Pomba ( The Dove )
1984 — A Nova Ilusão ( The New Illusion )
1989 — O Osso de Mafoma ( Mahomet 's Bone )
2011 — O Sangue e o Fogo , trilogy ( The Blood and the Fire , trilogy )
Bibliography
António de Macedo : cinema , a viragem de uma época ( António de Macedo : cinema , a turning point of an epoch ) , by José de Matos-Cruz , Publicações Dom Quixote , Lisbon , 2000
O Cais do Olhar by José de Matos-Cruz , Portuguese Cinematheque , 1999
See also
Cinema of Portugal
Documentary film
Novo Cinema
Science fiction
Speculative fiction
Notes and references
External links
1931 births
2017 deaths
Portuguese film directors
Portuguese male writers
Portuguese philosophers
People from Lisbon
In immunology , an adjuvant is a substance that increases or modulates the immune response to a vaccine . The word `` adjuvant '' comes from the Latin word adiuvare , meaning to help or aid . `` An immunologic adjuvant is defined as any substance that acts to accelerate , prolong , or enhance antigen-specific immune responses when used in combination with specific vaccine antigens . ''
In the early days of vaccine manufacture , significant variations in the efficacy of different batches of the same vaccine were correctly assumed to be caused by contamination of the reaction vessels . However , it was soon found that more scrupulous cleaning actually seemed to reduce the effectiveness of the vaccines , and some contaminants actually enhanced the immune response .
There are many known adjuvants in widespread use , including aluminium salts , oils and virosomes .
Overview
Adjuvants in immunology are often used to modify or augment the effects of a vaccine by stimulating the immune system to respond to the vaccine more vigorously , and thus providing increased immunity to a particular disease . Adjuvants accomplish this task by mimicking specific sets of evolutionarily conserved molecules , so called pathogen-associated molecular patterns , which include liposomes , lipopolysaccharide , molecular cages for antigens , components of bacterial cell walls , and endocytosed nucleic acids such as RNA , double-stranded RNA , single-stranded DNA , and unmethylated CpG dinucleotide-containing DNA . Because immune systems have evolved to recognize these specific antigenic moieties , the presence of an adjuvant in conjunction with the vaccine can greatly increase the innate immune response to the antigen by augmenting the activities of dendritic cells , lymphocytes , and macrophages by mimicking a natural infection .
Types
Inorganic compounds : potassium alum , aluminium hydroxide , aluminium phosphate , calcium phosphate hydroxide
Oils : paraffin oil , propolis ( only in preclinical studies ) , Adjuvant 65 ( based on peanut oil . Adjuvant 65 was tested in influenza vaccines in the 1970s , but was never released commercially . )
Bacterial products : killed bacteria of the species Bordetella pertussis , Mycobacterium bovis , toxoids
Plant saponins from Quillaja ( see Quil A ) , soybean , Polygala senega
Cytokines : IL-1 , IL-2 , IL-12
Combinations : Freund 's complete adjuvant , Freund 's incomplete adjuvant
Other organic substances : squalene
Inorganic adjuvants
Aluminium salts
There are many adjuvants , some of which are inorganic , that carry the potential to augment immunogenicity . Alum was the first aluminium salt used for this purpose , but has been almost completely replaced by aluminium hydroxide and aluminium phosphate for commercial vaccines . Aluminium salts are the most commonly-used adjuvants in human vaccines . Their adjuvant activity was described in 1926 .
The precise mechanism of aluminium salts remains unclear but some insights have been gained . It was formerly thought that they function as delivery systems by generating depots that trap antigens at the injection site , providing a slow release that continues to stimulate the immune system . However , studies have shown that surgical removal of these depots had no impact on the magnitude of IgG1 response .
Alum can trigger dendritic cells and other immune cells to secrete Interleukin 1 beta ( IL1β ) , an immune signal that promotes antibody production . Alum adheres to the cell 's plasma membrane and rearranges certain lipids there . Spurred into action , the dendritic cells pick up the antigen and speed to lymph nodes , where they stick tightly to a helper T cell and presumably induce an immune response . A second mechanism depends on alum killing immune cells at the injection site although researchers are n't sure exactly how alum kills these cells . It has been speculated that the dying cells release DNA which serves as an immune alarm . Some studies found that DNA from dying cells causes them to adhere more tightly to helper T cells which ultimately leads to an increased release of antibodies by B cells . No matter what the mechanism is , alum is not a perfect adjuvant because it does not work with all antigens ( e.g . malaria and tuberculosis ) . However , recent research indicates that alum formulated in a nanoparticle form rather than microparticles can broaden the utility of alum adjuvants and promote stronger adjuvant effects .
Organic adjuvants
Freund 's complete adjuvant is a solution of inactivated Mycobacterium tuberculosis in mineral oil developed in 1930 . It is not safe enough for human use . A version without the bacteria , that is only oil in water , is known as Freund 's incomplete adjuvant . It helps vaccines release antigens for a longer time . Despite the side effects , its potential benefit has led to a few clinical trials .
Squalene is a naturally-occurring organic compound used in human and animal vaccines . Squalene is an oil , made up of carbon and hydrogen atoms , produced by plants and is present in many foods . Squalene is also produced by the human liver as a precursor to cholesterol and is present in human sebum . MF59 is an oil-in-water emulsion of squalene adjuvant used in some human vaccines . Over 22 million doses of a vaccine with squalene have been administered with no safety concerns . AS03 is another squalene-containing adjuvant .
The plant extract QS-21 is a liposome made up of plant saponins from Quillaja saponaria , the soap bark tree . It is a part of the Shingrix vaccine approved in 2017 .
Monophosphoryl lipid A ( MPL ) , a detoxified version of Salmonella minnesota lipopolysaccharide , interacts with the receptor TLR4 to enhance immune response . It is also a part of the Shingrix vaccine .
Adaptive immune response
In order to understand the links between the innate immune response and the adaptive immune response to help substantiate an adjuvant function in enhancing adaptive immune responses to the specific antigen of a vaccine , the following points should be considered :
Innate immune response cells such as dendritic cells engulf pathogens through a process called phagocytosis .
Dendritic cells then migrate to the lymph nodes where T cells ( adaptive immune cells ) wait for signals to trigger their activation .
In the lymph nodes , dendritic cells mince the engulfed pathogen and then express the pathogen clippings as antigen on their cell surface by coupling them to a special receptor known as a major histocompatibility complex .
T cells can then recognize these clippings and undergo a cellular transformation resulting in their own activation .
γδ T cells possess characteristics of both the innate and adaptive immune responses .
Macrophages can also activate T cells in a similar approach ( but do not do so naturally ) .
This process carried out by both dendritic cells and macrophages is termed antigen presentation and represents a physical link between the innate and adaptive immune responses .
Upon activation , mast cells release heparin and histamine to effectively increase trafficking to and seal off the site of infection to allow immune cells of both systems to clear the area of pathogens . In addition , mast cells also release chemokines which result in the positive chemotaxis of other immune cells of both the innate and adaptive immune responses to the infected area .
Due to the variety of mechanisms and links between the innate and adaptive immune response , an adjuvant-enhanced innate immune response results in an enhanced adaptive immune response . Specifically , adjuvants may exert their immune-enhancing effects according to five immune-functional activities .
First , adjuvants may help in the translocation of antigens to the lymph nodes where they can be recognized by T cells . This will ultimately lead to greater T cell activity resulting in a heightened clearance of pathogen throughout the organism .
Second , adjuvants may provide physical protection to antigens which grants the antigen a prolonged delivery . This means the organism will be exposed to the antigen for a longer duration , making the immune system more robust as it makes use of the additional time by upregulating the production of B and T cells needed for greater immunological memory in the adaptive immune response .
Third , adjuvants may help to increase the capacity to cause local reactions at the injection site ( during vaccination ) , inducing greater release of danger signals by chemokine releasing cells such as helper T cells and mast cells .
Fourth , they may induce the release of inflammatory cytokines which helps to not only recruit B and T cells at sites of infection but also to increase transcriptional events leading to a net increase of immune cells as a whole .
Finally , adjuvants are believed to increase the innate immune response to antigen by interacting with pattern recognition receptors ( PRRs ) on or within accessory cells .
Toll-like receptors
The ability of the immune system to recognize molecules that are broadly shared by pathogens is , in part , due to the presence of immune receptors called toll-like receptors ( TLRs ) that are expressed on the membranes of leukocytes including dendritic cells , macrophages , natural killer cells , cells of the adaptive immunity ( T and B lymphocytes ) and non-immune cells ( epithelial and endothelial cells , and fibroblasts ) .
The binding of ligandseither in the form of adjuvant used in vaccinations or in the form of invasive moieties during times of natural infectionTLR marks the key molecular events that ultimately lead to innate immune responses and the development of antigen-specific acquired immunity .
As of 2016 , several TLR ligands were in clinical development or being tested in animal models as potential adjuvants .
Medical complications
Humans
Aluminium salts used in many human vaccines are regarded as safe by Food and Drug Administration , Although there are studies suggesting the role of aluminium , especially injected highly bioavailable antigen-aluminium complexes when used as adjuvant , in Alzheimer 's disease development , the majority of researchers do not support a causal connection with aluminium . Adjuvants may make vaccines too reactogenic , which often leads to fever . This is often an expected outcome upon vaccination and is usually controlled in infants by over-the-counter medication if necessary .
An increased number of narcolepsy ( a chronic sleep disorder ) cases in children and adolescents was observed in Scandinavian and other European countries after vaccinations to address the H1N1 “ swine flu ” pandemic in 2009 . Narcolepsy has previously been associated with HLA-subtype DQB1 * 602 , which has led to the prediction that it is an autoimmune process . After a series of epidemiological investigations , researchers found that the higher incidence correlated with the use of AS03-adjuvanted influenza vaccine ( Pandemrix ) . Those vaccinated with Pandemrix have almost a twelve-times higher risk of developing the disease . The adjuvant of the vaccine contained vitamin E that was no more than a day 's normal dietary intake . Vitamin E increases hypocretin-specific fragments that bind to DQB1 * 602 in cell culture experiments , leading to the hypothesis that autoimmunity may arise in genetically susceptible individuals , but there is no clinical data to support this hypothesis . The third AS03 ingredient is polysorbate 80 . Polysorbate80 is also found in both the Oxford–AstraZeneca and Janssen COVID-19 vaccines .
Animals
Aluminium adjuvants have caused motor neuron death in mice when injected directly onto the spine at the scruff of the neck , and oil–water suspensions have been reported to increase the risk of autoimmune disease in mice . Squalene has caused rheumatoid arthritis in rats already prone to arthritis .
In cats , vaccine-associated sarcoma ( VAS ) occurs at a rate of 1–10 per ten thousand injections . In 1993 , a causal relationship between VAS and administration of aluminium adjuvated rabies and FeLV vaccines was established through epidemiologic methods , and in 1996 the Vaccine-Associated Feline Sarcoma Task Force was formed to address the problem . However , evidence conflicts on whether types of vaccines , manufacturers or factors have been associated with sarcomas .
Controversy
TLR signalling
, the premise that TLR signaling acts as the key node in antigen-mediated inflammatory responses has been in question as researchers have observed antigen-mediated inflammatory responses in leukocytes in the absence of TLR signaling . One researcher found that in the absence of MyD88 and Trif ( essential adapter proteins in TLR signaling ) , they were still able to induce inflammatory responses , increase T cell activation and generate greater B cell abundancy using conventional adjuvants ( alum , Freund 's complete adjuvant , Freund 's incomplete adjuvant , and monophosphoryl-lipid A/trehalose dicorynomycolate ( Ribi 's adjuvant ) ) .
These observations suggest that although TLR activation can lead to increases in antibody responses , TLR activation is not required to induce enhanced innate and adaptive responses to antigens .
Investigating the mechanisms which underlie TLR signaling has been significant in understanding why adjuvants used during vaccinations are so important in augmenting adaptive immune responses to specific antigens . However , with the knowledge that TLR activation is not required for the immune-enhancing effects caused by common adjuvants , we can conclude that there are , in all likelihood , other receptors besides TLRs that have not yet been characterized , opening the door to future research .
Safety
Reports after the first Gulf War linked anthrax vaccine adjuvants to Gulf War syndrome in American and British troops . The US Defence Department strongly denied the claims .
Discussing the safety of squalene as an adjuvant in 2006 , the World Health Organisation stated `` follow-up to detect any vaccine-related adverse events will need to be performed . '' No such followup has been published by the WHO .
Subsequently , the American National Center for Biotechnology Information published an article discussing the comparative safety of vaccine adjuvants which stated that `` the biggest remaining challenge in the adjuvant field is to decipher the potential relationship between adjuvants and rare vaccine adverse reactions , such as narcolepsy , macrophagic myofasciitis or Alzheimer 's disease . ''
See also
Beta-glucan
Immunomodulator
Immunostimulant
Pharmaceutic adjuvant
References
External links
Adjuvant therapy
Animal research
Vaxjo database
Adjuvants
Immunology
Kurumcu , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Flavored condoms are specialized condom products that have a flavor-coating and that are specially designed for an oral intercourse exclusively , and not for penetrative acts . Originally flavored condoms used to be more of a charmed novelty item , rather than for actual protection . However , now there are FDA approved flavored condoms on the market . Diseases can be transmitted via oral sex , that is why condom usage is recommended , and flavored condoms are especially suited for that purpose , because regular condoms have unpleasant taste of latex . Some flavored condoms also have a flavor-specific scent added to them .
Risks
Irritations and infections
Some concerns of using flavored condoms in vaginal penetration exist , since flavored condoms have some amounts of sugar on them , and inserting sugar to vagina can end up resulting in candidal vulvovaginitis or bacterial vaginosis .
Allergies
People with latex allergy should avoid using flavored latex-material condoms , and instead use polyurethane or polyisoprene condoms .
See also
Different types of flavor-focused products may include :
Flavored tobacco
Flavored milk
Flavored salt
Flavored liquor
References
Condoms
Citizen TV is a Kenyan free-to-air television channel owned by Royal Media Services and broadcasting mostly in English and Swahili . It was started in 1999 and relaunched in June 2006 .
News and programs
Citizen TV airs a variety of genres of entertainment programs ranging from local and international . It airs a wide variety of soap operas and has an acceptable amount of local content and News .
Presenters
Waihiga Mwaura
Yvone Okwara Matole
Jeff Koinange [ JKLIVE ]
Victoria Rubadiri
Trevor Ombija
Lilian Muli
Swaleh Mdoe
Mwanahamisi Hamadi
Nimrod Taabu
Mashirima Kapombe [ longalonga ]
Jamila Mohamed
Lulu Hassan
Rashid Abdala
Shows
Inspekta Mwala
Tahidi High
Zora
Maria
Papa Shirandula
Machachari
10/10 Show
Skool flix
Wedding Show
Deceptive measures
Jirani show
Blood ties
Rebecca
My better world
Ringo
Laws of love
One Love Show
Te doy la vida ( Mexican TV series )
Carrossel
Cúmplices de um Resgate
The Wild Soccer Bunch ( animation )
Mother in law
Waking up with you
La Reina Soy So
Kubamba show
History
On 22 July 2018 , Citizen TV unveiled their new television studio and star news anchors . These included Lulu Hassan and Rashid Abdalla , the first married couple to present the news on Kenyan television . The station also launched an affiliate Ramogi TV in 2021 .
Awards
Communications Authority KUZA Awards , 2021
Couture Africa Style Awards , 2021
References
Television stations in Kenya
Television channels and stations established in 1999
Multilingual broadcasters
Television channels and stations established in 2006
1999 establishments in Kenya
Makabayang Koalisyon ng Mamamayan ( Makabayan ; ) is a coalition of twelve party-lists in the House of Representatives of the Philippines . It was founded on April 16 , 2009 . The founding assembly was held at UP Theatre , Diliman , Quezon City .
Party-lists
Thirteen party-lists are part of Makabayan :
Bayan Muna
Teachers : Alliance of Concerned Teachers
Workers and peasants : Anakpawis
Women : GABRIELA ( General Assembly Binding Women for Integrity , Reform , Equality , Leadership and Action ) Women 's party
Youth : Kabataan
Indigenous people : Katribu
Migrants : Migrante
Children 's rights : Akap-bata
Government employees : COURAGE ( Confederation for Unity Recognition and Advancement of Government Employees )
Drivers : Piston
Green party : Kalikasan
Bicolano people : Aking Bikolnon
Moro people : Suara Bangsamoro
In 2016 , the Commission on Elections disqualified the Akap Bata and Katribu partylists for failure to acquire the necessary votes .
Coalition
Makabayan also includes organizations that are not political parties , including :
Peasants : Kilusang Magbubukid ng Pilipinas ( Peasant Movement in the Philippines , KMP ) , AMIHAN ( National Federation of Peasant Women : Defend Peasant Women Portraits Series ) , UMA ( Unyon ng mga Manggagawa sa Agrikultura , Union of Agricultural Workers )
Workers : Kilusang Mayo Uno ( May First Movement , KMU )
Youth and Students : Anakbayan , College Editors Guild of the Philippines ( CEGP ) , League of Filipino Students ( LFS ) , National Union of Students of the Philippines ( NUSP ) , Karatula – Kabataang Artista para sa Tunay na Kalayaan ( Youth Artists for Genuine Freedom ) , SCMP – Student Christian Movement of the Philippines
Fisherfolk : Pambasang Lakas ng Kilusang Mamamalakaya Pilipinas ( National Force of Fisherfolk Movement in the Philippines , PAMALAKAYA )
Religious : Promotion of Church People 's Response ( PCPR ) , Rural Missionaries of the Philippines ( RMP )
Health Workers : Health Alliance for Democracy ( HEAD )
Scientists : Agham- Advocates of Science and Technology for the People
Teachers : Congress of Teachers and Educators for Nationalism and Democracy ( CONTEND )
Cultural Workers : Concerned Artists of the Philippines ( CAP ) , Sinagbayan , Tambisan sa Sining
Indigenous People : Kalipunan ng mga Katutubong Mamamayan ng Pilipinas ( KAMP )
Human Rights Defenders : KARAPATAN – Alliance for the Advancement of People 's Rights
Lawyers : National Union of People 's Lawyers ( NUPL )
Urban poor : Kalipunan ng Damayang Mahihirap ( KADAMAY )
Electoral performance
President
Vice president
Senate
House of Representatives
References
Left-wing politics in the Philippines
National Democracy Movement ( Philippines )
Political party alliances in the Philippines
Political parties established in 1985
Political parties established in 2009
Socialist parties in the Philippines
1985 establishments in the Philippines
Nanosana is a small village in India , situated in Banaskantha district in northern Gujarat , India . Administratively , it is in Vadgam Taluka near post Nandotra . The population of the village is around 1750 . The main business of the people is agriculture and dairy farming .
Nanosana is 13 km away from Vadgam and 30 km from Palanpur the main city of the Banaskantha District .
The nearby villages include Pasvadal , Nandotra , Gidasan , Rupal , Fatehgarh . Sidhpur is around 13 km away , Chapi for job in fabrication industry or else Palanpur is favourite amongst people who make living from cutting diamonds .
There is a big temple of Shiva in the village .
References
Villages in Banaskantha district
This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1978 and 1981 , following the direct elections of 1978 .
Sources
List
1970s in Belgium
1980s in Belgium
The white-spotted woodpecker ( Veniliornis spilogaster ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .
It is found in Brazil , Uruguay , eastern Paraguay and northeastern Argentina .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , and heavily degraded former forest .
References
white-spotted woodpecker
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the South Region
Birds of the Selva Misionera
Birds of Uruguay
white-spotted woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The White Church ( ) is a Romanian Orthodox church located at 3 Alba Road in Iași , Romania . It is dedicated to the Transfiguration of Jesus .
The first church on the site , dedicated to the Nativity of Jesus , was made of wooden beams varnished in white , which gave rise to the nickname . It was built before 1600 and first mentioned in 1682 . Because guild members lived in the vicinity of the church at the time of its construction , it is believed to have been built by a guild . The new church was built in 1750 by Popa Velișco , and by the market-dealers ' guild . The graves located around the church were transferred to Eternitatea cemetery in 1887 .
A restoration took place in 1885 , during the reign of Metropolitan Iosif Naniescu , and was financed by parishioners and the city hall . In 1901 , Naniescu re-blessed the church and conferred the new dedication , possibly given because of its changed appearance . Interior repairs were done in 1913 and exterior in 1959 . In 1971 , the structure was strengthened by adding reinforced concrete and fixing the roof . The interior was painted in fresco from 1974 to 1978 . The original iconostasis was removed and taken to Golia Monastery for safekeeping ; the current one was set up in 1978 . A cross dedicated to the aviators who died in World War II was set up in the yard in 1975 ; there is a grave marker from the old cemetery in front of this , but only the year 1841 can be read . The church collection includes 41 icons donated by Zoița Aramă , who died in 1818 .
The church is listed as a historic monument by Romania 's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs , having received the designation in 1962 .
References
Historic monuments in Iași County
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Churches completed in 1750
Myers Point is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Barbara Kaim ( born 1 December 1952 ) is a Polish archaeologist , professor at the Faculty of Archaeology University of Warsaw . Them research focuses on the Achaemenid , Parthian and Sasanian periods in Iran and Central Asia .
Professional career
Barbara Kaim studied at the Institute of Archaeology ( now Faculty of Archaeology ) ( graduated in 1977 ) . Since 1977 they worked as a Research Assistant . After completing their PhD in 1983 , they began working as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Near Eastern Archaeology at the same institute . They did their habilitation in 2003 , working on the architecture of Kushan period , and became a professor in 2005 . On 18 April 2013 , they were awarded the title of Professor .
Excavations
In 1995 Barbara Kaim began archaeological research at Old Serakhs , located in Serakhs oasis , Turkmenistan . Two years later they started excavations at Mele Hairam in the same oasis , which revealed the remains of the Zoroastrian fire temple . In 2005-2006 they were a co-director of Irano-Polish Archaeological Mission in Sivand Dam Project ( Iran ) , and after of Irano-Polish Archaeological Mission in Sabzewar , Iran ( 2007-2010 ) . During that time they conducted excavations at Fire Temple in Khone-ye Div ( Iran ) . In 2011 , after the Mele Hairam excavation was finished in 2009 , they started a project at Gurukly-depe located in Serakhs oaisis , Turkmenistan .
Selected publications
1991 . Das geflügelte Symbol in der Achämenidischen . Glyptik , ” Archaeologische Mitteilungen aus Iran 24 , 31–34 .
1996 . Sztuka Starożytnego Iranu , Wydawnictwa Uniwersytetu Warszawskiego , Warszawa .
1999 . Открытие Храма Огня в Серахском Оазисе , Культурные Ценности . Международный Ежегодник . Cultural Values . International Annual , Vol . 1997–1998 , 200–203 .
2002 . Zaratushtrian Temple of Fire . Five years of excavation at Mele Hairam , Warsaw .
2002 . Un temple du feu Sassanide découvert à Mele Hairam , Turkmenistan Méridional , Studia Iranica 31 , 215-230 .
2007 . Où adorer les dieux ? Dossiers d'Archéologie 371 , 66-71 .
References
20th-century Polish archaeologists
Living people
Polish women archaeologists
1952 births
21st-century Polish archaeologists
Ni una menos ( ; Spanish for `` Not one [ woman ] less '' ) is a Latin American fourth-wave grassroots feminist movement , which started in Argentina and has spread across several Latin American countries , that campaigns against gender-based violence . In its official website , defines itself as a `` collective scream against machista violence . '' The campaign was started by a collective of Argentine female artists , journalists and academics , and has grown into `` a continental alliance of feminist forces '' . The movement regularly holds protests against femicides , but has also touched on topics such as gender roles , sexual harassment , gender pay gap , sexual objectification , legality of abortion , sex workers ' rights and transgender rights .
The movement became nationally recognized with the use of the hashtag # NiUnaMenos on social media , title under which massive demonstrations were held on June 3 , 2015 , having the Palace of the Argentine National Congress as a main meeting point . The protest was organized after the murder of 14-year-old Chiara Paez , found buried underneath their boyfriend 's house on May 11 , because they wanted to keep the baby and they did not , so they beat them to death when they were a few weeks pregnant . A viral phenomenon which extended to countries such as Uruguay and Chile , it managed to congregate around 200,000 people in Buenos Aires alone . On June 3 , 2016 the multitudinous demonstration took place once again throughout Argentina 's most important cities , under the new slogan # VivasNosQueremos ( English : # WeWantUsAlive ) ; the march was also replicated in Montevideo , Uruguay and Santiago , Chile . A # NiUnaMenos march also took place in Lima , Peru on August 13 , 2016 , with thousands of people gathering in front of the Palace of Justice . Newspaper La República considered it the largest demonstration in Peruvian history .
On October 19 , 2016 the collective organized a first-ever women mass strike in Argentina , in response to the murder of 16-year-old Lucía Pérez , who was raped and impaled in the coastal city of Mar del Plata . It consisted of a one-hour pause from work and study early in the afternoon , with protesters dressed in mourning for what was known as ( Spanish for `` Black Wednesday '' ) . These protests became region-wide and gave the movement a greater international momentum , with street demonstrations also taking place in Chile , Peru , Bolivia , Paraguay , Uruguay , El Salvador , Guatemala , Mexico and Spain . A week later , a protest also took place in Rio de Janeiro ,
Brazil , which has been considered `` yet another clear sign that has become a rallying cry for the region . '' On March 8 , 2017 , took part of the International Women 's Strike . The strike was spearheaded in the United States by the leaders of the Women 's March on Washington , who in a call to arms letter in The Guardian pointed to as an inspiration .
Since the first # NiUnaMenos in 2015 , demonstrations take place every year in Argentina on June 3 .
In 2016 , Argentine scientists Julián Petrulevičius and Pedro Gutiérrez named , a dragonfly species found in La Rioja , after the movement . The genus was chosen in honor of Túpac Amaru II and Milagro Sala 's organization named after him .
Origin
The collective takes its name from a 1995 phrase by Mexican poet and activist Susana Chávez , `` '' ( Spanish for `` Not one more [ woman ] dead '' ) , in protest to the female homicides in Ciudad Juárez . Chávez themselves was assassinated in 2011 , moment in which the phrase became a `` symbol of struggle '' . The first protest organized by was held in Recoleta , Buenos Aires on March 26 , 2015 , and consisted of a reading marathon , performance art and screenings ; the catalyst of the event was the murder of Daiana García , found dead in a garbage bag on March 16 .
Accomplishments
2020 legalization of abortion in Argentina : First-trimester elective abortion in Argentina was legalized on 30 December 2020 . Half a decade of protests by were credited as pivotal advocacy for the change in law .
Creation of the Registry of Femicides
Creation of the Centre for the Registration , Systematisation , and Monitoring of Femicides
Created to keep a record of the number of cases of gender-based violence
Criticism
The movement has been criticized by some journalists , especially since 2017 , for some of its demands , such as the freedom of Milagro Sala .
See also
2017 Women 's March
Ele Não movement ( Brazil , 2018 )
Feminism in Latin America
Feminism in Argentina
Feminism in Chile
Feminism in Mexico
Women in Argentina
Women in Chile
Women in Paraguay
Women in Peru
Women in Uruguay
Gender inequality in Bolivia
LGBT rights in Argentina
List of protests in the 21st century
References
External links
2015 protests
2016 protests
2017 protests
2018 protests
2019 protests
2020 protests
Fourth-wave feminism
Feminist organisations in Argentina
Political movements in Argentina
2015 establishments in Argentina
Feminist protests
Women 's marches
Violence against women in Argentina
Charlotte Zolotow ( born Charlotte Gertrude Shapiro ; June 26 , 1915 – November 19 , 2013 ) was an American writer , poet , editor , and publisher of many books for children . They wrote about 70 picture book texts .
The writers they edited include Paul Fleischman , Paul Zindel , Mary Rodgers , Robert Lipsyte , and Francesca Lia Block .
Life
Charlotte Shapiro was born in Norfolk , Virginia . They studied writing with Helen C. White at the University of Wisconsin Madison from 1933 to 1936 and then moved to New York City , where they started at Harper & Bros as secretary to the children 's books editor Ursula Nordstrom . They were married to Maurice Zolotow from 1938 until their divorce in 1969 . Their daughter Ellen is writer Crescent Dragonwagon and son Steven is poker tournament champion Steve Zolotow . They lived in Hastings-on-Hudson , New York , where they died , aged 98 .
Work
Zolotow 's work was published by more than 20 different houses . They were an editor , and later publisher , at Harper & Row , which was called Harper & Brothers when they began to work there , and is now known as HarperCollins . The poem `` Missing You '' from River Winding appears in Best Friends , a collection of poems , and `` People '' from All That Sunlight appears in the collection More Surprises ( both of these anthologies bear the emblem , `` A Charlotte Zolotow Book '' ) . They contributed a story ( called Enemies , illustrated by Ben Shecter ) to The Big Book for Peace where they appear alongside other well-known authors and illustrators including Lloyd Alexander , Steven Kellogg and Trina Schart Hyman .
One of Zolotow 's titles most widely held in WorldCat libraries is When the Wind Stops , a picture book edited by Ursula Nordstrom and published in 1962 with illustrations by Joe Lasker , in 1975 illustrated by Howard Knotts , and in 1995 illustrated by Stefano Vitale ( a revised edition ) . In June 2014 , the Children 's Literature Association named the latter a runner-up for next year 's Phoenix Picture Book Award , which annually recognizes a picture book with lasting value that did not win a major award 20 years earlier . `` Books are considered not only for the quality of their illustrations , but for the way pictures and text work together . ''
In 1998 the Cooperative Children 's Book Center at UW Madison School of Education ( CCBC ) inaugurated the Charlotte Zolotow Award , `` given annually to the author of the best picture book text published in the United States in the preceding year . '' ( The American Library Association Caldecott Medal is given to the illustrator of an American children 's picture book . )
Selected books
Some of Zolotow 's picture book writings were revised and several were illustrated more than once . At least two titles ( both listed here ) were published in three editions with three illustrators .
The Park Book , illustrated by H. A. Rey ( 1944 )
The Storm Book , illus . Margaret Bloy Graham ( 1952 )
The City Boy and the Country Horse , written as Charlotte Bookman , illus . William Moyers ( Treasure Books , 1952 )
Do You Know What I 'll Do ? , illus . Garth Williams ( Harper , 1958 ) ; illus . Javaka Steptoe ( HarperCollins , 2000 )
Over and Over , illus . Garth Williams ( Harper , 1957 and 1985 )
The Bunny Who Found Easter , illus . Betty Peterson ( Berkeley , California : Parnassus Press , 1959 ) ; illus . Helen Craig ( Houghton Mifflin , 1998 ) – with publisher description
When the Wind Stops , illus . Joe Lasker ( Abelard-Schuman , 1962 ) ; illus . Howard Knotts ( Harper & Row , 1975 ) ; revised edition , newly illustrated by Stephan Vitale ( HarperCollins , 1995 )
Mr. Rabbit and the Lovely Present , illus . Maurice Sendak ( 1963 )
If It Were n't for You , illus . Ben Shecter ( 1966 )
Some Things Go Together , couplets by Zolotow , illus . Sylvie Selig ( Abelard-Shuman , 1969 ) ; illus . Karen Gundersheimer ( Crowell , 1983 ) , illus . Ashley Wolff ( HarperCollins , 1999 )
River Winding , poems by Zolotow , illus . Regina Sherkerjian ( Abelard-Schuman , 1970 ) ; illus . Kazue Mizumura ( Crowell , 1978 )
Where I Begin , written as Sarah Abbott , illus . Rocco Negri ( Coward-McCann , 1970 )
The Beautiful Christmas Tree , illus . Ruth Robbins ( Parnassus , 1972 ) ; illus . Yan Nascimbene ( Houghton Mifflin , 1999 )
The Old Dog , written as Sarah Abbott , illus . George Mocniak ( Coward-McCann , 1972 ) ; revised edition , newly illus . James Ransome ( HarperCollins , 1995 ) – with publisher description
William 's Doll , illus . William Pène du Bois ( 1972 )
My Grandson Lew , illus . William Pène du Bois ( 1974 )
I Know a Lady , illus . James Stevenson ( 1984 )
The Big Book for Peace , illus . Ben Shecter ( Dutton , 1990 )
Snippets : A Gathering of Poems , Pictures , and Possibilities , illus . Melissa Sweet ( HarperCollins , 1993 )
Who is Ben ? , illus . Kathryn Jacobi ( HarperCollins , 1997 )
Notes
See also
References
Citations
CCBC . `` Charlotte Zolotow '' ( top page ) . Wisconsin [ Children 's ] Book Creators . UW Madison School of Education . Retrieved 2014-07-20 .
External links
Birthday Bios : Charlotte Zolotow
Sarah Abbott and Charlotte Bookman at LC Authorities , with 1 record each
1915 births
2013 deaths
American children 's writers
American women poets
Jewish American poets
Jewish American artists
Writers from Norfolk , Virginia
People from Hastings-on-Hudson , New York
Writers from New York ( state )
American women children 's writers
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Fretted terrain is a type of surface feature common to certain areas of Mars and was discovered in Mariner 9 images . It lies between two different types of terrain . The surface of Mars can be divided into two parts : low , young , uncratered plains that cover most of the northern hemisphere , and high-standing , old , heavily cratered areas that cover the southern and a small part of the northern hemisphere . Between these two zones is a region called the Martian dichotomy and parts of it contain fretted terrain . This terrain contains a complicated mix of cliffs , mesas , buttes , and straight-walled and sinuous canyons . It contains smooth , flat lowlands along with steep cliffs . The scarps or cliffs are usually 1 to 2 km high . Channels in the area have wide , flat floors and steep walls . Fretted terrain shows up in northern Arabia , between latitudes 30°N and 50°N and longitudes 270°W and 360°W , and in Aeolis Mensae , between 10 N and 10 S latitude and 240 W and 210 W longitude . Two good examples of fretted terrain are Deuteronilus Mensae and Protonilus Mensae .
Fretted terrain in Arabia Terra ( Ismenius Lacus quadrangle ) , seems to transition from narrow straight valleys to isolated mesas . Most of the mesas are surrounded by forms that have been given a variety of names : circum-mesa aprons , debris aprons , rock glaciers , and lobate debris aprons . At first , they appeared to resemble rock glaciers on Earth . But scientists could not be sure . Even after the Mars Global Surveyor ( MGS ) Mars Orbiter Camera ( MOC ) took a variety of pictures of fretted terrain , experts could not tell for sure if material was moving or flowing as it would in an ice-rich deposit ( glacier ) . Eventually , proof of their true nature was discovered when radar studies with the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter showed that they contained pure water ice covered with a thin layer of rocks that insulated the ice .
Besides rock-covered glaciers around mesas , the region had many steep-walled valleys with lineations—ridges and grooves—on their floors . The material comprising these valley floors is called lineated valley fill . In some of the best images taken by the Viking Orbiters , some of the valley fill appeared to resemble alpine glaciers on Earth . Given this similarity , some scientists assumed that the lineations on these valley floors might have formed by flow of ice in ( and perhaps through ) these canyons and valleys . Today it is generally agreed that glacial flow caused the lineations .
Fretted terrain in Aeolis Mensae is similar to that of Arabia Terra , but it lacks debris aprons and lineated valley fill . The Medusae Fossae Formation , a friable , layered material that is covered with yardangs surrounds parts of the fretted terrain in Aeolis Mensae .
The origin of fretted plateau material is not completely understood . It does seem to contain fine-grained material , and it has an almost total lack of boulders . This material contrasts with most of the Martian surface which is covered with the igneous rock basalt . Basalt breaks into boulders and eventually into sand . It is thought that when plateau material breaks down , the small-sized particles can be easily carried away by the wind . Erosion of plateau material seems to be much faster than other materials on Mars . Research presented in 2018 at a Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Texas suggested that the erosion that formed fretted terrain was aided by water moving under the surface .
Glaciers
Glaciers shaped much of the observable surface in large area of Mars , including fretted terrain . Much of the area in high latitudes , especially the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle , is believed to still contain enormous amounts of water ice . The ice was probably deposited as snow during a different climate in the past . The tilt of Mars changes far more than the Earth 's tilt . At times the tilt changes such that the polar ice caps sublimate and the atmosphere carries the moisture to the mid-latitudes where snow falls and accumulates . The Earth 's tilt is stabilized by our rather large moon . The two moons of Mars are tiny . It would be difficult to take a hike on the fretted terrain because the surface is folded , pitted , and often covered with linear striations . The striations show the direction of movement . Much of this rough texture is due to sublimation of buried ice creating pits . The ice goes directly into a gas ( this process is called sublimation ) and leaves behind an empty space . Overlying material then collapses into the void . Glaciers are not pure ice ; they contain dirt and rocks .
Cliffs
Lineated floor deposits
Pits
Glacial features
Around the many mesas and buttes in fretted terrain in Arabia is a feature called lobate debris apron ( LDA ) . We now believe it often is pure ice with a thin covering of debris . Radar studies have determined that LDAs contain ice ; therefore these can be important for future colonists of Mars .
Other examples of fretted terrain
See also
References
Geology of Mars
Ekaterina Alexeyevna Davydova ( , born 17 September 1978 ) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer . They are the 1996 World Junior champion with Roman Kostomarov . They also skated with Vazgen Azroyan .
Competitive highlights
GP : Part of Champions Series ( renamed Grand Prix in 1998 )
With Kostomarov
With Azrojan
References
Navigation
Russian female ice dancers
Living people
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
1978 births
Figure skaters from Moscow
Competitors at the 1997 Winter Universiade
Fred Figglehorn ( stylized as FЯED ) is the central character in an Internet video series created by teenager Lucas Cruikshank in 2006 . It yielded other spin-off series and a relationship with Nickelodeon , including three movies and a television series .
History
Lucas Cruikshank introduced the Fred character in a video on JKL Productions , a YouTube channel they started on YouTube with their cousins , Jon and Katie Smet on June 11 , 2006 . Cruikshank uploaded several videos testing out different characters . The first Fred video was uploaded on October 30 , 2006 . On April 30 , 2008 , these videos were moved to the Fred channel . On May 1 the first official video of the series , titled `` Fred on May Day '' was released . By April 2009 , it became the first YouTube channel to have over one million subscribers .
Zipit Wireless Messenger ( Z2 ) sponsored the first season of Fred , with several product placements . Walden Media hired Cruikshank to promote the film City of Ember , along with the sci-fi novel it was based on , and cameos from the film 's star Tim Robbins in Fred episodes and a mock movie trailer .
Cruikshank made a cameo appearance as both Fred and themselves on Nickelodeon 's iCarly in `` iMeet Fred '' , which originally aired on February 16 , 2009 . The episode has iCarly facing a huge loss of popularity after Freddie Benson criticizes Fred on-air , resulting in Cruikshank pretending to cancel their own show , and the characters organizing a crossover episode between the two web shows to regain popularity .
In December 2009 , Cruikshank filmed Fred : The Movie , which aired on Nickelodeon on September 18 , 2010 . Nickelodeon created a franchise surrounding the character , with the sequel , Fred 2 : Night of the Living Fred , airing on October 22 , 2011 . In 2012 , Fred : The Show aired , consisting of 24 11-minute episodes ; a third movie , Fred 3 : Camp Fred , premiered that year .
In June 2010 , Fred appeared on the Annoying Orange web series . In October and November 2011 , Ari Gold cameos in Fred as Power , from the film Adventures of Power .
In 2020 , Cruikshank created a TikTok channel based on Fred named HeyItsFred .
Format
Fred lives with their grandmother and their mother who is a recovering drug-addicted and alcoholic stripper . Fred has been the victim of child abuse and their father is a former rock musician , and currently on death row in the state penitentiary .
The series uses a floating timeline , meaning it is always taking place in the current year , and Fred is perpetually six years old and in kindergarten . The videos primarily consist of the character speaking to the audience about what is happening in their life . Fred has a high-pitched voice and is hyperactive , achieved by speeding up the footage . Cruikshank has described the channel as `` programming for kids by kids '' as a parody of people who `` think that everyone is so interested in them '' . They believe that viewers either `` automatically love Fred or automatically hate Fred , there is no in between '' .
Leading up to the second movie 's release , a new series called Figgle Chat features Internet and television stars . An animated series , It 's Fred ! joined the channel .
Discography
Albums
Extended plays
Charted songs
Films
Fred : The Movie
Fred : The Movie is a 2010 film based on the YouTube series about Fred Figglehorn . It features Lucas Cruikshank as Fred , Pixie Lott as Judy , Jennette McCurdy as Bertha , Jake Weary as Kevin Cen , John Cena as Fred 's imaginary dad , and Siobhan Fallon Hogan as Fred 's mom . It follows the character as they try to track down their crush , Judy after they move away . It is written by David A. Goodman , directed by Clay Weiner , and produced by Brian Robbins . Filming began November 9 , 2009 , and wrapped up December 20 , 2009 . The movie premiered on Nickelodeon on September 18 , 2010 , and the DVD was released October 5 , 2010 as well as streaming media such as Netflix .
Fred 2 : Night of the Living Fred
Fred 2 : Night of the Living Fred is a 2011 Halloween-themed sequel to Fred : The Movie . It first aired on October 22 , 2011 . After Fred has broken up with Judy , they meet Kevin Cen 's sister Talia , and becomes convinced that their new neighbor is a vampire . The Judy character does not appear , and Jennette McCurdy was replaced by Daniella Monet in the role of Bertha .
Fred 3 : Camp Fred
In late 2011 , a third Fred movie was announced . Fred 3 : Camp Fred premiered July 28 , 2012 , on Nickelodeon , which also aired Fred : The Show , a series of 24 11-minute-long episodes , in 2012 . For summer , Fred attends Camp Iwannapeepee , where they meet several different characters , and must compete against Kevin Cen 's camp .
TV series
Fred : The Show
In 2012 , Fred became the protagonist in their own TV series , which ran between January and August 2012 . The series received dismal reviews , particularly for Fred 's annoying attitude , and grating voice , and ratings continued to slip until the show was axed , after which Cruikshank severed ties with Nickelodeon , and Fred was retired .
References
External links
2006 web series debuts
2011 web series endings
Figglehorn , Fred
Fictional characters from Nebraska
Internet memes introduced in 2006
Figglehorn , Fred
Viral videos
YouTube channels closed in 2015
YouTube channels launched in 2006
Number-one YouTube channels in subscribers
An overwhelming exception is an informal fallacy of generalization . It is a generalization that is accurate , but comes with one or more qualifications which eliminate so many cases that what remains are much less impressive than the initial statement might have led one to believe .
Examples
`` Our foreign policy has always helped other countries , except of course when it is against our National Interest ... ''
The false implication is that their foreign policy always helps other countries .
The rhetorical use of the fallacy can be used to comic effect , as in the below examples :
`` All right , but apart from the sanitation , the medicine , education , wine , public order , irrigation , roads , a fresh water system , and public health ... what have the Romans ever done for us ! ? '' – Monty Python 's Life of Brian
The attempted implication ( fallacious in this case ) is that the Romans did nothing for them .
`` Well , I promise the answer will always be yes . Unless no is required . '' – Madagascar : Escape 2 Africa
`` Any customer can have a car painted any color that they want so long as it is black . '' – My Life and Work by Henry Ford
See also
Faulty generalizationother fallacies involving generalization
References
Inductive fallacies
CitySprouts is a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit organization based in Cambridge , Massachusetts that partners with public school teachers and other school staff to develop school gardens in public school communities in Boston and Cambridge .
Background
CitySprouts began in 2001 when a small group of parents , a teacher and a school principal came together to create a schoolyard learning garden that would be accessible to every child in their school . They were motivated by a variety of factors . They knew there were too few opportunities for urban children to explore their natural environment . They felt public school teachers ' need for more hands-on , experiential learning , especially in science . Lastly , they shared concern about children knowing little about food systems , including where their own food came from .
They believed school gardens could have an enormous impact on both children 's learning and on their good health . They envisioned a schoolyard garden with natural habitats that invited children to wonder and explore , and a place to gain important social skills and taste food they had grown themselves . Few school garden models existed that were designed for access by struggling public schools . CitySprouts ' founders were guided by the vision of learning gardens in urban , high-need schools that were woven into the fabric of the school community .
CitySprouts quickly developed an on-going collaboration with Cambridge Public School science department to ensure strong connections between the district 's school learning gardens and its STEM curriculum . By 2009 the CitySprouts program had expanded to every K-8 school in Cambridge Public School District . In 2012 , CitySprouts began building an equivalent sized cohort of school partnerships in Boston Public Schools . CitySprouts soon launched a school garden-based summer and after school program for middle schoolers based on science , technology , engineering and math ( STEM ) practices through an ecosystems and food systems lens .
In 2018 , CitySprouts announced an early learning initiative in partnership with Boston schools . Through a year-long series of teacher workshops , CitySprouts early learning initiative will bridge the PreK – Grade 2 science standards and the school learning garden to increase the number of Boston children entering third grade with a solid foundation in scientific thinking and content knowledge .
CitySprouts is notable in the field of garden-based education for its long-standing relationships with the school districts it serves . Both Cambridge Public Schools and Boston Public Schools have contracts with CitySprouts that provide a significant portion of the program 's operating expenses . CitySprouts is a charter member of the Boston Public School Portfolio Opportunity , organizations vetted for program quality and alignment with the district 's goals . CitySprouts was selected as a charter organization in the BoSTEM education , innovation & research initiative in 2017 .
Over the course of its history , CitySprouts has emerged as a leader in the 21st century garden-based education movement . It was recognized in 2008 as a regional social innovator by Boston-based Social Innovation Forum . In 2015 , founding director Jane Hirschi published Ripe for Change : Garden-Based Learning in Schools ( Harvard Education Press 2015 ) , describing the new model of garden-based learning in urban school districts around the country
Mission
The CitySprouts mission is to develop , implement , and maintain beautiful , resource-rich school gardens in collaboration with public school communities . Integrated into the curriculum , CitySprouts gardens inspire teachers , students , and families to develop a deep , connection to hands-on science , edible education , and the opportunity to explore the natural world in the neighborhoods where they live , learn , and play .
See also
Edible schoolyard
White House Vegetable Garden
References
Non-profit organizations based in Massachusetts
Organizations established in 2000
Health in Massachusetts
United States educational programs
https : //www.hepg.org/hel-home/issues/28_6/helarticle/take-the-common-core-outdoors_554
https : //www.gse.harvard.edu/news/15/05/harvard-edcast-roots-school-gardening-movement
https : //www.huffpost.com/entry/school-gardens_n_7119898
https : //www.citysprouts.org/mission-impact
The 2015 Luton Borough Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of the Luton Borough Council in England . It was held on the same day as other local elections .
Ward Results
High Town
References
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
2015
21st century in Bedfordshire
Khitan or Khitai may refer to :
Khitan ( circumcision ) , the Islamic circumcision rite
Khitan people , an ancient nomadic people located in Mongolia and northern China
Liao dynasty ( 916–1125 ) , a dynasty of China ruled by the Khitan Yelü clan
Northern Liao ( 1122–1123 ) , a regime in northern China
Qara Khitai ( 1124–1218 ) , alternatively called the `` Western Liao '' , successor to the Liao dynasty in northwestern China and Central Asia
Eastern Liao ( 1213–1269 ) , a regime in northeastern China
Later Liao ( 1216–1219 ) , a regime in northeastern China
Khitan language , a now-extinct language once spoken by the Khitan people
Khitan scripts ( disambiguation ) , writing systems of the Khitan people , for the now-extinct Khitan language
Khitan large script , a logographic writing system
Khitan small script , a semi-syllabic and logographic writing system
Cathay in many languages
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Sultan Hairun Jamilu ( c. 1522 – 28 February 1570 ) was the 6th Muslim ruler of Ternate in Maluku , reigning from 1535 to 1570 . During their long reign , they had a shifting relation to the Portuguese who had a stronghold in Ternate and tried to dominate the spice trade in the region . This ended with their assassination at the hands of a Portuguese soldier in 1570 .
Early life
Portuguese seafarers from Melaka had appeared in the waters of eastern Indonesia since 1512 . The trade in spices and forest products made it vital for the early colonizers to secure bases in the Maluku Islands ( Moluccas ) and control the enormously lucrative commerce . A fort was built on Ternate in 1522–1523 with the approval of the local Sultan , who hoped for military assistance to expand their own power . At the time Ternate was the most powerful of the four sultanates of North Maluku , the other being Tidore , Bacan and Jailolo . However , the Portuguese captains soon began to dominate the royal court while the garrison evoked general discontent though their behaviour . An incident in 1535 , where Ternatans attacked a Christianized village in Halmahera in defiance of the Portuguese , led to the deposing of the young Sultan Tabariji . The Europeans now picked up a twelve-years old half-brother of Tabariji called Hairun Jamilu , and raised them to the throne . The self-willed actions of the Portuguese captain increased the fear and resentment among the people .
Hairun was the son of a former Sultan , Bayan Sirrullah ( d. 1521 ) by a Javanese lady . They had a uterine sister who was married into the Tidore royal family and became the mother of a sultan . Hairun 's mother was a practitioner of pre-Islamic rites and did not live at the royal court . When the Portuguese soldiers came to pick up Hairun for enthronement , they violently resisted them , realizing that their son would only become a Portuguese puppet . In the ensuing tumult they died by falling from a window . Nevertheless , Hairun was installed in the end and accepted European tutelage . However , another half-brother of Hairun , Dayal , had been deposed some years previously and fled to the rival Sultanate Tidore , based on an island in the vicinity . There they were supported by their maternal uncle , Sultan Mir , who refused to surrender Dayal . An anti-Portuguese alliance was forged between Tidore , Bacan , Jailolo and dissatisfied Ternatans . In retaliation , a Portuguese army invaded Tidore in 1536 , and Dayal was mortally wounded during the fighting .
Deposal and reinstatement
Hairun themselves was initially forced to live in the Portuguese fort , but was allowed to live among their own people after a few years . At the beginning of their reign they were seen as an unpromising figure , and the grandees of the kingdom rather wanted Tabariji to return as their Sultan . They seemed to have an interest in Christianity , though they did not actually ask for baptism . Upon their release , however , they began to strengthen their own networks by visiting villages in the islands of Ternate , Makian and Moti . They also obtained the daughter of Sultan Mir of Tidore as consort . The Portuguese authorities found a more promising candidate to promote Christianization in their deposed predecessor Tabariji , who lived in exile in Goa and actually converted to Christianity under the name Dom Manuel . It was decided to dethrone and exile Hairun and recall Tabariji in 1544 . However , Tabariji died en route in Melaka , bequeathing their kingdom to the King of Portugal . In the meanwhile , Tabariji 's mother Nyaicili Boki Raja was made regent over the temporarily kingless Ternate .
Hairun , who had already been shipped away to their exile , actually visited Goa where they were received with great honour . The Goan authorities reinstalled them as Ternatan ruler and they returned in 1546 . There they had the opportunity to see the well-known Jesuit Francis Xavier who undertook extensive missionary work in Maluku and other parts of Asia . In fact Christianity made significant inroads in Halmahera , Menado , Siau Island , etc . The relations between Xavier and Hairun , who spoke Portuguese and dressed in European fashion , were cordial and friendly . Xavier thought that the Sultan had little regard for the Prophet and hoped for their conversion . This was however vain hope , and the attitude of Hairun turned increasingly Islamic and resentful of Christianity as time went by .
Ternatan-Portuguese military advances
In spite of Hairun 's increasing disillusionment with the white foreigners , they cooperated with them against external enemies . One of the four Malukan kingdoms , Jailolo on Halmahera , was led by the strongly Muslim Katarabumi who attacked newly converted Christian villages with great furor . In 1550-1551 Portuguese-Ternatan forces besieged the almost impenetrable royal seat , well defended with artillery , and took it after thee months . Jailolo 's power was broken , Katarabumi was deprived of their rank as Sultan , and their son Kaicili Gujarati became a Sangaji ( sub-ruler ) under Ternate . These events greatly strengthened Hairun 's position in Maluku .
The main long-standing rival of Ternate was , however , Tidore . The two kingdoms coexisted in an ambivalent way , as Ternate rulers regularly married Sultans ' daughters from Tidore in spite of numerous petty wars between the two . A rift appeared between Hairun and the Portuguese in 1557 since the latter confiscated the clove harvest from Makian and imprisoned the Sultan for security reasons . The enraged Ternatan chiefs now allied with the Sultan of Tidore and attacked the positions of the Portuguese , who could barely hold their own . Eventually they found reason to release Hairun and arrived to an agreement . They and their son Baab signed a letter of vassalage which is the oldest preserved letter with seals in Indonesia . The Tidorese ruler Kaicili Gava , however , had used the crisis to take over certain territories in Maluku which had previously been Ternatan dependencies . In a twist of events , Portuguese and Ternatan forces encircled Tolo in Halmahera and defeated the Tidorese in 1560 . Gava was forced to submit , but was soon murdered by the Ternate ruler on a state visit .
War over Ambon and assassination
According to a later account , Hairun `` was indeed a wise ruler , a brave warrior , extraordinarily correct in the exercise of law and justice , but most of all greatly devoted to their religion , and a strong defender of the Islamic faith . '' Their championship of Islam made them encourage attacks against Christian settlements that took a high toll in human lives . In the 1560s they sent war fleets , with participation from their son Baab , to help up the Muslim positions in Ambon where Catholic missionaries had been successful . The Muslims of Hitu in northern Ambon were supported both by Hairun and Javanese troops from Japara and were successful for a while . The Portuguese had to leave Ambon to its fate for several years , though they eventually came back to build a new stronghold in 1569 . Since the Sultan dominated the waterways they could stop the vital deliveries of foodstuff from Moro in Halmahera to the Portuguese settlement in Ternate , to the great embarrassment of the garrison .
Hairun 's growing opposition to the Portuguese eventually cost them their life . Their dwindling reputation among the Europeans can be seen in contemporary letters which denounced them as a debauched , tyrannical oath-breaker . A reconciliation between Hairun and the Portuguese captain Diogo Lopes de Mesquita was arranged in 1570 , but it ended on a bad note . Some days later , on 28 February , the Sultan was urgently summoned by Mesquita to appear in the Portuguese castle to discuss an important issue . When Hairun arrived , they were only allowed inside without their bodyguards . When they were about to depart from the meeting , Mesquita 's nephew Martim Afonso Pimentel approached them near the gate and stabbed them with their poignard , exclaiming `` Though the galleons have withdrawn to India , there are still Portuguese around here ! '' . The Sultan fell down dying while professing their sincerity vis-à-vis the Portuguese .
The assassination quickly proved to be a huge blunder for the Portuguese . A general uproar followed , led by their capable son Babullah ( Kaicili Baab ) who was now hailed as the new Sultan . The Portuguese fort was besieged and the garrison forced to capitulate in 1575 , inaugurating the golden age of Ternate 's power .
Family
Hairun had numerous wives and co-wives , such as :
A daughter of Sultan Mir of Tidore
A woman from Bacan , in later chronicles called Boki Tanjung
A woman from Gamkonara
Woman from the soa Marsoali
Their known children were :
Babullah of Ternate , who succeeded their father
Kaicili Tolu
Kaicili Sugi
Kaicili Kipati
Kaicili Sadekin
Kaicili Mandar Syah
A daughter , married Dom João , Christian ruler of Bacan
A daughter , married Kaicili Gava , Sultan of Tidore
See also
List of rulers of Maluku
Sultanate of Ternate
Sultanate of Tidore
Sultanate of Bacan
Sultanate of Jailolo
Governor of Maluku
Spice trade
References
1520s births
1570 deaths
Sultans of Ternate
Ternate Sultanate
Indonesian Muslims
Ternate
People from Maluku Islands
16th-century Indonesian people
Albert Delin ( 17 April 1712 , Ath – 26 Nov 1771 , Tournai ; also known as Albertus Delin ) was a harpsichord maker in the Low Countries .
Biography
Born in Ath in Southern Netherlands ( now in Belgium ) , they soon moved to the nearby town of Tournai to practice their trade . Little is known of their training but a remarkable number of their instruments have survived . Their building style is quite contrary to their more famous contemporaries , like their neighbours Dulckens in Antwerp , the Hass family in Hamburg or the Taskins of Paris , that at the time created complex machines with an extensive variety of registers and knee levers . Delin 's surviving instruments are simple , reminiscent of the old Ruckers instruments of a century before and of good workmanship as witnessed by the number of surviving instruments .
Surviving instruments
Two surviving harpsichords ( 1750 and1768 ) , both have a single manual and have only two 8 ' choirs and a buff stop , with all battens protruding through the instruments side , similar to original Ruckers instruments .
Kottick mentions four bentside spinets ( 1763 , 1765 , 1766 , 1770 ) , all with a single 8 ' choir . A colorful fifth bentside spinet signed `` A.D. 1738 '' and bearing a rose with the initials AD , has been attributed to them as well .
Three clavicytheria ( 1751 , 1752 , 1760 ) , strung like their harpsichords with two 8 ' registers , and guidebattens protruding through the cheek . The clavicytheria have an elegant pivot mechanism of Delins ' own design , needing no spring action and only gravity for the return . Chung describes Delins clavicytherium thus : `` [ he ] succeeded in overcoming the difficulties of building an upright harpsichord better than any other builder . Their three instruments , which are considered by many to be the finest of all surviving clavicytheria , have an amazingly fine touch that is achieved by a special action that upon the release of the keys allows the jacks to return without the need of springs or additional weights . ''
The last surviving instrument is even more old fashioned than the rest , a small , hexagonal , octave spinet ( 1750 ) .
Decor of the instruments
Delin 's original case decor seems to have been simple , but some of their instruments later received `` makeovers '' . Most notably their 1760 clavicytherium , was retrofitted with an extravagant gilded , rococo door . The 1738 spinet is elaborately painted with a forest scene on the inside of the lid , while the case is covered with a menagerie of monkeys playing musical instruments .
The soundboard paintings in Delin 's instruments are typical Flemish floral motifs , with visible outlines , flat coloring and little detail , a style similar to the Ruckers .
Bibliography
J. Tournay , `` À propos d'Albertus Delin ( 1712-1771 ) . Petite contribution à l'histoire du clavecin '' , in La facture de clavecin du XVe au XVIIIe siècle , Louvain-la-Neuve , 1976 , pp . 139–232 .
J. Tournay , `` The Double Orientation in Harpsichord Building in the Low Countries in the Eighteenth Century '' , in The Harpsichord and its Repertoire , Utrecht , 1990 , pp . 21–45 .
Image gallery
See also
List of historical harpsichord makers
Harpsichord
History of the harpsichord
Spinet
Octave spinet
Clavicytherium
References
Sources
A History of the Harpsichord , Kottick EL , 2003 , Indiana University Press , pp . 290–296
External links
Detailed photos of the colorful 1738 spinet preserved at the musical instrument museum in Paris , Cité de la Musique
Harpsichord makers
Dutch musical instrument makers
Belgian musical instrument makers
Amcinafide ( developmental code name SQ-15112 ) , also known as triamcinolone acetophenide , is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed .
References
Acetophenides
Corticosteroid cyclic ketals
Diols
Fluoroarenes
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
The Church of Nuestra Señora del Manzano ( `` Our Lady of Manzano '' ) or Iglesia de Santa María del Manzano is a Catholic church in the town of Castrojeriz , in the province of Burgos . Construction of the current building was begun in 1214 , through the will of Queen Berengaria of Castile , daughter of Alfonso VIII of Castile and mother of Ferdinand III of Castile . It is located at the foot of the hill on which the Castle of Castrojeriz stands . It previously held the rank of collegiate church .
History
The origins of the church are unknown , but in the tenth century Count García Fernández granted a privilege to the canons of the collegiate church , in which they authorized the canons to build houses with tower and fortresses in the town of Castrojeriz , for which the Count granted their privileges in 974 .
In the same privilege , the Count provided the canons with the male villeins of the town and determined that the Castrojeriz canons and clerics could have `` five hundred sueldos similar to the Fijos dalgo of Castile '' . Thus , if someone slandered them or caused violence in their dwellings they should pay a fine of five hundred salaries . Also if anyone killed or smote any Castrojeriz canon or religious adherent a sum of five hundred salaries would be given to relatives of the victim . This privilege was confirmed , as Enrique Flórez indicates in their España Sagrada , by King Fernando IV in 1299 , during the period of their minority years as king .
In 1050 it was linked to the monastery of San Millán de la Cogolla , located in La Rioja , by King García Sánchez III of Navarre , and was renamed the Santa Maria de Castro abbey . However , when the King of Navarre lost their Castilian possessions the collegiate remained as an exempt abbey for several decades until the reign of Alfonso VII the Emperor when it was linked to the Cathedral of Burgos by that monarch , who gave the abbot of Castrojeriz the rank of dignity in the cathedral and allowed them to occupy the tenth seat in the Choir of the Burgos cathedral . In 1173 , during the reign of Alfonso VIII of Castile , the collegiate church was secularized and abandoned the rule of St. Benedict .
In the late fifteenth and early sixteenth century the Manzano collegiate underwent some reforms , such as the transformation of some of its vaults and the enforcement of the rosette in the main entrance . In the eighteenth century the body and sanctuary of the church , the tower and temple covers were renovated . Also built were the Virgen del Manzano chapel , the sacristy of the chaplains , the sacristy of the canons , the Condal crypt , a new apse and choir loft . Biscayan architect Juan de Sagarvinaga was involved in these works .
In the eighteenth century , as indicated by Father Flórez in España Sagrada , masses were officiated in the temple in memory of Alfonso VII the Emperor , Sancho IV of Castile and their wife Queen María de Molina , and Ferdinand IV of Castile and their wife , queen Constance of Portugal . The same author relates that , in the eighteenth century , the chapter of the collegiate church of Nuestra Señora del Manzano consisted of the abbot , twelve canons , three dignities and eight prebendaries .
Description
Exterior
The main portal of the church is Gothic , it is located at the foot of the temple and is in the style of a flared bow with Archivolts and baquetones with bases and capitals in plant motifs . On either side are located two stone sculptures from the thirteenth century , and representing the Virgin Mary and the Archangel Gabriel , covered with canopies and supported by brackets . In the rose window of the main portal , which was recently restored , God is depicted in an attitude of blessing , and surrounded by the apostles . On the edge of the rose window are the symbols of the four evangelists along with the heads of angels and the coat of arms of the donor .
The portal on the church 's south façade is in Renaissance style . The base of the tower of the church is Romanesque , but in the eighteenth century it was renovated when , in 1746 the tower was added to the belfry .
The primitive apse of the church disappeared after the reforms carried out on the temple in the eighteenth century , when it was replaced by the current rectangular head .
Interior
Although the building was completed in Gothic style , the presence of the Romanesque style is visible in some areas . The church , built completely of ashlar stone , has three naves , with five sections , along with the central nave , which measures about seventeen meters taller than the other two . The widths of the nave and side are in proportion of two to one . The aisles , that end in flat chevet , have late Romanesque ribbed arches and Gothic stone arches .
The oldest surviving altarpieces inside the temple are the Cristo crucificado , the work of the late sixteenth century , and that of St. James the Apostle , executed in the seventeenth century . The rest of the altarpiece of the church dates back to the eighteenth century .
The main altarpiece was implemented in 1760 , thanks to the patronage of the Counts of Ribadavia . It contains a series of paintings , representing the Annunciation , the Visitation , the Birth of Christ , the Presentation of Jesus in the Temple , Baby Jesus among the doctors and in the top of the altarpiece , Saint John the Baptist . The Annunciation was painted by Anton Raphael Mengs , while the rest of the paintings that comprise the altarpiece have been attributed to a number of their disciples , among whom Mariano Salvador Maella and Francisco Bayeu are mentioned .
Among the furniture in the temple built in the eighteenth century are the choir stalls , which was completed around 1776 , the lectern , located within the choir , and the church organ , in a Neoclassical style , which was made around 1790 .
The choir is located in the main nave of the church , and is closed by a Renaissance gate . There is a painting of the Virgin de las Cerezas in the choir , a work attributed to the Flemish painter Pieter Pourbus .
The image of Nuestra Señora del Manzano , made using polychrome stone is located in the chapel that bears its name , built in the eighteenth century . The Virgin Mary is depicted standing and wearing a blue tunic , dotted with stars , and covered with a cloak gathered at their waist . The Virgin holds the Christ Child in their left arm , while with their right hand they stroke the foot of the Child , which is dressed in a red robe . The Virgin is crowned , and on their chest they bear a cameo on which the letter `` T '' is engraved .
Nuestra Señora del Manzano capital
It was built in the eighteenth century by the architect Juan de Sagarvinaga , disciple and follower of Ventura Rodriguez . The three altars placed in the chapel were made by Francisco Diez de Mata , although the two side altars of the chapel , which pays homage to images of the defunct Monastery of San Anton Castrojeriz . This altar were not gilded .
The central altarpiece in the chapel , in Baroque style , and in which the image of Nuestra Señora del Manzano is housed , was gilded by painter Barranco Martinez Burgos , who was a pupil of Mengs .
A number of Canticles have been dedicated to the image of the Virgen del Manzano : number 242 , about El cantero de Castrojeriz , which tells how a master ashlar stone layer was saved by the Virgin on losing their balance and hanging by only a nail . Canticle 249 , Maestre que trabajaba en la Iglesia ( about the maestre who worked on the Church ) . Canticle 252 , Salvados de la arena en Castrojeriz . And canticle 266 La viga de madera de Castrojeriz , which chronicles the fall of a beam during mass without anyone getting hurt .
Queen Eleanor of Castile sepulchre
In addition to the church 's baptistery , there remains a Gothic style tomb which is supposed to contain the mortal remains of Queen Eleanor of Castile , daughter of Ferdinand IV and sister of Alfonso XI , who was murdered in 1359 in Castrojeriz by order of their nephew , Peter I of Castile . The tomb attributed to Queen Eleanor of Castile is located at the foot of the Collegiate , near the baptistery , and was discovered in June 1970 by the Missionary Rescue Group from the Agrupación Escolar Marqués in Camarasa . It had been hidden behind an adobe wall .
From the moment of its discovery the tomb was attributed by experts to Queen Eleanor of Castile , daughter of Ferdinand IV , as the bill for the Sepulchre corresponds to other mid-fourteenth century tombs , and by the fact that on its cover there is the graven image of a prostrate woman . It was also recorded that the queen had been buried in that sepulchre , and that it had been located up to the eighteenth century on the Evangelical side of the High Altar and had been moved to its current location to make way for the crypt for the burial of the Counts of Castro , a work which was carried out in the eighteenth century .
The assumption that the remains of Queen Eleanor were buried in this Sepulchre appears to be supported by the fact that certain documents found refer to the queen being buried in the Castrojeriz collegiate , after their assassination in 1359 , and their remains were deposited in a tomb in the temple .
However , there are two other places that claim possession of the remains of Queen Eleanor of Castile , the La Seu Vella Cathedral in Lleida and the Las Huelgas de Burgos monastery , burial place of many Castilian-Leonese royals .
Museum
Nowadays the church houses a museum with objects related to Christianity . On display are many wooden figures , some of them carved in the fourteenth century . There are also paintings , books , chalices , and other objects . The museum is primarily aimed at pilgrims travelling along the Camino de Santiago and who pass by its front doors .
A prominent feature of the museum is the magnificent German stained glass rose window , on the north side of the temple . It is from the late fifteenth century and was donated by Iñigo López de Mendoza . It represents , the Eternal Father , in the centre , surrounded by the twelve apostles , six angels and symbols of the four evangelists .
Aside from its permanent collection , the former collegiate is the venue for numerous concerts and short-term exhibitions .
See also
Castrojeriz
List of Bien de Interés Cultural in the Province of Burgos
Romanesque architecture in Spain
References
Bibliography
External links
La iglesia de Ntra . Sra . del Manzano de Castrojeriz
Iglesia de Ntra . Sra . del Manzano
Images of Nuestra Señora del Manzano church and museum
Gothic architecture in Castile and León
Castrojeriz
Churches in Castile and León
Former collegiate churches in Spain
13th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Spain
Kyphosus azureus , the zebra-perch sea chub , zebra perch or zebra sea chub , is a species of marine ray-finned fish , a sea chub from the family Kyphosidae which is native to the eastern Pacific Ocean coasts of North America .
Description
Kyhosus azureus has a moderately deep , compressed , oval body with a small head which has a pointed snout and a small , thickly lipped mouth . There is a continuous dorsal fin which contains 11 spines , which can be folded down into a scaly furrow , and 9 soft rays . The spiny part of the dorsal fin is longer than thesoft-rayed part . The anal fin has 3 spine and 10 The body is covered in thick , rough scales soft rays which are longer than those in the dorsal fin . The caudal fin is forked and the pelvic and pectoral fins are small . The body is covered in small , rough scales except for the snout and between the eyes . The body has a pale khaki colour broken by 10 or so long brown vertical bars . It has a blue spot on the upper margin of the gill cover and a black spot underneath the base of the pectoral fin . The underparts are whitish . This species attains a maximum total length of .
Distribution
Kyphosus azureus is found in the eastern Pacific Ocean where it is found from Monterey Bay in California to Baja California and into the Gulf of California where it is commonest in the northern and central parts of the gulf .
Habitat and biology
Kyphosus azureus is a shallow water species found in inshore areas down to depths of . Here it occurs on coastal rocky reefs and reef flats where there is growth of algae . The adults live in the subtidal zone and the juveniles in rock pools . It is a herbivorous species eating red , brown , and green algae . Juveniles behave as cleaner fish for the opaleye ( Girella nigricans ) and shiner perch { Cymatogaster aggregata ) They are often form mixed schools with halfmoon ( Medianluna californiensis ) Opaleye , and Pacific sergeant major ( Abudefduf troschelii ) . At night this diurnal species hides in crevices . they are pelagic spawners .
Taxonomy
Kyphosus azureus was first formally described in 1889 by Oliver Peebles Jenkins and Barton Warren Evermann as Hermosilla azurea and they gave the type locality as Guaymas , Sonora in western Mexico . In 2013 a review of the family Kyphosidae found that the monospecific genus Hermosilla was a synonym of Kyphosus .
References
External links
azureus
Monotypic fish genera
Fish described in 1889
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Cassandra Foster is a fictional character on the ABC and The Online Network soap opera All My Children . On February 25 , 2013 , model Sal Stowers was cast as Cassandra on the Prospect Park 's continuation of All My Children . The character originated in March 1997 as an infant on the now-defunct series The City , in its final days before cancellation . In 2008 , Yaya DaCosta began portraying the character as a teenager from April 25 , 2008 to August 25 , 2008 . DaCosta had placed runner-up in the third cycle of America 's Next Top Model , while Stowers had won the competition in the ninth cycle of the show . Stowers made their debut on April 30 , 2013 .
Storylines
1997 : The City
Cassandra Foster is the adopted daughter of Jacob Foster ( Darnell Williams ) and Angela Hubbard ( Debbi Morgan ) , and the adopted half-sister of Frankie Hubbard ( Cornelius Smith Jr. ) . Abandoned by as an infant in 1997 , Cassandra is discovered by Angie in a garbage dumpster in the SoHo district of New York City . Angie is still experiencing the loss of their foster daughter Kayla , who has been adopted by another couple . Angie falls in love with Cassandra almost immediately , and they and their then-husband Jacob adopt them
2008
Following their parents ' divorce , Cassandra ( Yaya DaCosta ) decides to spend time with their father in Paris . In 2008 , Cassandra ( now age 18 ) returns to the United States and travels to Pine Valley to meet their mother 's first husband Jesse Hubbard ( Darnell Williams ) , who was erroneously believed to have died years before Cassandra 's birth . In a strange coincidence , Jesse looks almost exactly like Jacob .
Cassandra has become fast friends with Colby Chandler ( Brianne Moncrief ) ( the daughter of their mother 's former friend from high school Liza Colby ( Jamie Luner ) ) and local musician Dre Woods ( Sterling Sulieman ) . They plan to begin studies at Pine Valley University in the fall .
Colby become quite intoxicated at their 18th birthday party . Dre was driving Colby 's car when they and Cassandra decided to bring them home . They ran over someone in the road , but was unable to determine what the object was , since it was nighttime . The next day—upon learning that Richie Novak ( Billy Miller ) had been struck by a car on the same road at approximately the same time—the three teenagers feared that they had inadvertently killed him . Unaware that Richie had actually been murdered earlier that evening by their sister Annie Lavery ( Melissa Claire Egan ) , the teens vowed to keep the entire incident a secret .
However , Jesse later finds out that Dre , Colby , and Cassandra may have run over Richie . All three teenagers are taken in and questioned . Then Dre confesses that they were the one who ran over Richie . Cassandra , still in shock begins acting more and more insecure , blaming Jesse for everything , and treating Frankie better than them They begin acting spoiled , and says Angie that they can not be a part of the `` little family '' that they always wanted yet . They later books a flight to Paris to be with their father , Jacob , whom they claim is having a major surgery , and wants them to be there . Jesse later calls Jacob and they say that is just a minor gall bladder surgery and they explicitly told Cass not to come . Cassandra still says they are leaving , and apologizes to Angie and Jesse , saying that they were very nice to her , they just does n't know how to fit into their lives yet , and after saying goodbye to Dre , they leaf for Paris .
2013
Jesse hints about a surprise they have for Angie , it is then revealed that Jesse had paid for Cassandra 's ( Sal Stowers ) plane ticket to visit Pine Valley . Jesse tries to contact Cassandra , but they are not responding to their calls on April 30 , 2013 . It is shown that someone has destroyed their phone . Cassandra makes their first appearance as they are being handcuffed to a bed by Vlad Koslov ( Alfredo Diaz ) . It is revealed they were taken by an imposter driver , Vlad . Later on , it is revealed that Cassandra has been captured by a human trafficking ring . Yuri Koslov ( Martin Harvey ) finds that Vlad has been keeping Cassandra in a separate room for their own benefits , they then demands that Cassandra be with the other girls of the ring , they then visits them and gives them an oxycodone pill to take , they do so . On May 9 , 2013 , Vlad forces two other girls of the ring into Cassandra 's room , the girls are in worse shape than Cassandra , later on Vlad takes Cassandra away . Jesse and Zach Slater ( Thorsten Kaye ) are investigating into Cassandra 's disappearance and find they are part of a human trafficking ring , although they rescue another girl who was found in a garbage dump . When Cassandra 's captors find out ( from another captive girl ) that Cassandra is related to the chief of police , they initially panic but decide to turn the situation to their advantage . They contact Jesse and threaten to kill Cassandra unless they cooperate with them . Jesse insists on speaking with Cassandra to verify that they have them and that she 's alive , so Yuri removes their gag long enough to allow them to scream to Jesse for help and to hear them reply that they will find them Jesse then makes a secret deal with the traffickers in which they promise to release Cassandra in exchange for Jesse 's cooperation in faking the death of Yuri Koslov . A body is found ; testing reveals the teeth of the corpse match dental records for Yuri Koslov ( fake dental records planted by Jesse as part of the scheme ) . Cassandra is dumped unconscious in the Hubbard home , where they are found by David Hayward , whose quick and skilled response saves their lives . In the hospital , Cassandra says that their phone conversation with Jesse during their captivity had enabled them to believe that everything would be okay . Because Yuri had made it clear to Jesse that to reveal the secret of their faked death would mean terrible retribution against the whole family , Jesse is forced to deny that they ever spoke with Cassandra during their captivity , claiming that Cassandra must have been hallucinating—but Lea starts trying to put the pieces together . On July 1 , 2013 , Dr. Anders reveals that Cassandra 's tests are negative to all STDs they have tested for , but they reveal to Angie and Jesse that they are pregnant .
References
External links
AMC News - Pine Valley 's Newest Model Citizen - All My Children
Cassandra Foster @ Soapcentral.com
All My Children characters
Fictional African-American people
Adoptee characters in television
Television characters introduced in 1997
American female characters in television
East Lake Park Station is a metro station at Chengdu , Sichuan , China . It was opened on December 18 , 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8 .
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Just for You is a 1952 American musical film starring Bing Crosby and Jane Wyman and the final motion picture to be directed by Elliott Nugent . It was nominated for Best Song at the 1953 Academy Awards . The film was based on the book Famous by Stephen Vincent Benét . Filming took place between October 22 and December 20 , 1951 . It is said that Judy Garland had originally been sent a script as they were being considered for the female lead , but they apparently decided not to proceed with the project . Location scenes were filmed at Lake Arrowhead , near San Bernardino , California and at Big Bear Lake in the San Bernardino National Forest .
Plot
Widower Jordan Blake ( Bing Crosby ) is a successful Broadway producer and songwriter , but they have been neglecting their teenaged children , Jerry ( Robert Arthur ) and Barbara ( Natalie Wood ) .
In rehearsal with star and girlfriend Carolina Hill ( Jane Wyman ) , they keep Jerry waiting , then dismisses a song their son has written as trite . Jordan is also unaware that Jerry is hopelessly in love with Carolina , who has wedding plans of their own ... but to Jordan .
Then when daughter Barbara ends up in night court with their governess , who has been arrested for a drunken disagreement with a police officer , Jordan realizes they need to spend more time with their kids .
At the urging of Carolina , they take both to a resort , not far from a finishing school that Barbara would love to attend . Without realizing that Alida De Bronkhart ( Ethel Barrymore ) is the principal there , Jordan tries to learn from Alida the best way to get a girl accepted at the exclusive school . They also perform an old vaudeville song for the trustees , causing their daughter great embarrassment .
Carolina has a heart-to-heart talk with young Jerry about being in love . They mistakenly believe Carolina means them when they mention their intention to marry . Jerry is crushed when they learn on the radio that Carolina is engaged to their father . Heartbroken , they enlist in the Air Force and leaves home .
Time goes by . In wartime , Jordan does their part by performing on a USO tour of Alaska . They speak from the heart about the highs and lows of raising children , unaware that their son is in the audience . They , along with Carolina , are eventually reunited .
Cast
Reception
The film had its New York premiere at the Capitol Theater on October 8 , 1952 .
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times was not impressed , writing that `` Bing Crosby 's well-known reputation as an amiable father of boys may have no bearing whatsoever on their new picture , Just for You , but it is notable that , in this song-plugged fable , they play a father who has trouble with their son ... Put this one down as an endeavor in a generous cause that fails to come off entirely because it lacks sharp direction—and a script . Elliott Nugent 's staging and pacing is as rigid and uninspired as the stiff and conventional plotting in Mr.Carson 's script . And the songs and song numbers , while pleasant , are nothing to set the screen on fire . ''
Variety was much happier with it at the New York preview , saying that `` Just for You , a Bing Crosby–Jane Wyman musical which Paramount has set for national release in September , should prove a stout factor in bringing back that 'lost audience . ' For this Technicolor film has a rousing , melodic score and a logical story well acted by a fine cast . With such basic ingredients , the picture will not only satisfy the 'under 35 ' trade but will recapture some of the older public who have temporarily lost the film-going habit ... With fine material to work with , Crosby socks across one of their best portrayals . ''
Soundtrack
All the music was composed by Harry Warren with lyrics by Leo Robin .
`` I 'll Si-si Ya in Bahia '' sung by Bing Crosby and chorus
`` The Live Oak Tree '' sung by Bing Crosby and girls ' chorus
`` Zing a Little Zong '' sung by Bing Crosby and Jane Wyman
`` On the 10:10 from Ten-Ten-Tennessee '' sung by Bing Crosby and Ben Lessy
`` Just for You '' sung by Bing Crosby
`` He 's Just Crazy for Me ''
`` Call Me Tonight '' sung by Bob Arthur and Leon Tyler , and again by Bing Crosby
`` Checkin ' My Heart '' sung by Jane Wyman and chorus
`` The Maiden of Guadalupe '' sung by Jane Wyman and chorus
In addition to the songs featured in the film , two others were written for it . They were `` Spring Fever '' and `` A Flight of Fancy '' ; they were used on the soundtrack as part of the background music .
Bing Crosby recorded six of the songs for Decca Records and these were issued on a 10 '' LP titled Selections from the Paramount Picture `` Just for You '' . “ Zing a Little Zong ” was in the Billboard charts for six weeks with a peak position of # 18 . Crosby 's songs were also included in the Bing 's Hollywood series .
References
External links
1952 films
1952 musical films
American musical films
Paramount Pictures films
Films directed by Elliott Nugent
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Baoshan Road ( ) is a station shared between Lines 3 and 4 on the Shanghai Metro . It is located in the former Zhabei District , now part of Jing'an District , and is the northernmost station shared between these lines . The station is located near the Shanghai Railway Museum , and opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to , and Line 4 service began here on the final day of 2005 .
Station Layout
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Jing'an District
Line 3 , Shanghai Metro
Line 4 , Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
Alexander Shkurinskiy ( born 11 April 1995 ) is a Russian handball player for HBC Nantes and the Russian national team .
They participated at the 2017 World Men 's Handball Championship .
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Pavlovsky District , Krasnodar Krai
Russian male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Sportspeople from Krasnodar Krai
Landmark Point ( ) is a rocky point lying southeast of Safety Island , on the coast of Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica . It was mapped from Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions surveys and air photos , 1956–66 , and was so named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia because it is almost due south from Auster Rookery and affords an excellent landmark if approaching the rookery along the coast from Mawson Station .
References
Headlands of Mac . Robertson Land
Rise is the eleventh studio album released by Jamaican dancehall artist Shaggy , released on September 28 , 2012 , in European territories such as Germany , Austria and Switzerland . The album was not released in the United States ; however it did receive a limited digital release in the United Kingdom , without physical release .
The album is the European-equivalent of their tenth studio album , Summer in Kingston , containing nine of the ten tracks from that album , packaged alongside the new singles `` World Citizen '' featuring Jahcoustix and `` Girls Just Want to Have Fun '' , featuring Eve , as well as three new tracks , and the European hit single `` Fly High '' featuring Gary `` Nesta '' Pine , which despite being released in 2009 , had not previously appeared on any of Shaggy 's albums .
Background
Following the release of Summer in Kingston , Shaggy returned to the studio to continue recording their collaborative album with Sly & Robbie . However , prior to the album 's release , Shaggy released a brand-new single to the European market , `` World Citizen '' , featuring singer-songwriter Jahcoustix , which was recorded aside from the Sly & Robbie project . Following the single 's success , the decision was made to repackage Summer in Kingston , which had never before been released in Europe , and release it for the first time in the region alongside a select amount of new material . The Sly & Robbie track `` She Gives Me Love '' from Summer in Kingston is the only track omitted from the re-package , due to the fact it will appear on Shaggy 's next worldwide release .
A month prior to the album 's release , the official lead single , `` Girls Just Want to Have Fun '' , a re-interpretation of the Cyndi Lauper original , featuring singer Eve , was released in Europe to chart success , followed by the album 's release on September 28 , 2012 . The album 's three new tracks , `` Rise '' , `` Diva '' and `` Get Back My Baby '' , were all recorded just weeks prior to the album 's release .
Track listing
References
2011 albums
Shaggy ( musician ) albums
Here I Grew Up , is a public artwork by American artist Garo Z. Antreasian , located on the lower level of the Indiana Government Center North building , which is near Indianapolis , Indiana , United States . This mosaic depicting five stages of Abraham Lincoln 's life in Indiana between the ages of 7 and 21 can be found on the west side of the building by the escalators leading down to the tunnel to Indiana Government Center South . The mosaic is located between the cafeteria 's entrance and an automated teller machine .
Description
Here I Grew Up is a mosaic mural on a travertine marble wall that measures 70 ft. in length and 25 ft. in height . It contains over 300,000 hand-cut pieces of Bysantine Smalti ( Glass tiles ) in 87 different hues . These tiles measure approximately 3/8 '' x 5/8 '' x 1/9 '' thick and were imported from Murano , Italy . The design for the mural was chosen as a winning entry for an art competition held in December 1959 , by the Indiana State Office Building Commission . Antreasian 's mural entry , along with Young Abe Lincoln ( sculpture ) by David Rubins , was selected by a jury to commemorate Abraham Lincoln 's formative years in Indiana . Antreasian 's full-scale color drawings of the Abraham Lincoln figures took six months to complete .
Fabrication
The fabrication of the mural was completed by Herron School of Art graduate Ralph Peck and their assistant , Mrs. Charles Pitts . Before Peck and their assistant began their work , the marble wall in the Indiana Government Center North was sandblasted to proper depth by using a full-size sketch of the mural as a guide . Peck and their assistant then affixed the glass tiles to the reverse side of Antreasian 's sketches that were printed on a large roll of paper . The pair then cut out each Lincoln section , called a cartoon , and coded the square and rectangle pieces for coloring and positioning . It took one year to set the pieces in mortar .
Before the mosaic was unveiled to the public , lettering and brass edging for the mosaic figures were added to the wall . The title of the piece , `` Here I Grew Up '' , is located right of center in gold , cursive letters with a height of 14.6 inches . `` Here I Grew Up '' is a quotation from Abraham Lincoln regarding their time spent in Indiana . Below the title , the following commemoration appear in brass letters that measure 3.1 inches in height : `` Abraham Lincoln , our finest contribution to civilization shaped on the soil of Indiana from age 7 to 21 '' . Original plans for the commemoration indicated a difference in Lincoln 's age : `` Abraham Lincoln , Our Finest Contribution to Civilization , Shaped on the Soil of Indiana From Age 8 to 21 . ''
Scenes
The scenes of Lincoln 's life in Indiana form a map around the Ohio River :
Backwoods Stump Speaker ( bottom right ) : A barefoot , clean-shaven Lincoln holds their blue suspender with their proper right hand and points upward with their proper left hand . They wear a white , short-sleeved shirt and red pants with a hemline that falls above their ankles . They stand among a partially cleared forest , with at least four tree trunks . The Lincoln figure is silhouetted by a dark brown border , which gradually fades into a lighter gradient of brown tiles .
Taking Grain to the Mill ( top center ) : The next Lincoln figure straddles a white horse with a brown mane . This side profile of Lincoln , barefoot and clean-shaven , shows them wearing a peach-colored tank top with black pants that again hover above their ankles . They sit with one hand holding a book open , the other resting upon the back of the horse . Behind him , a red bag and sacks of grain are tied to the horse 's back . Lincoln and the horse are outlined by a dark brown border and a lighter gradient of brown tiles . The pair is traveling through or posing in front of the town of Gentryville , Indiana which is depicted by four houses . The town name is labeled with capital letters . The single-story houses are three-dimensional with rectangles representing doors and windows . Two have chimneys .
The Statesmen ( top left ) : Lincoln appears as an adult in front of a waving American flag and a bald eagle . They stand , chest forward , with their arms at their side . They sport a full beard , a long , dark grey suit coat , black vest , white shirt , and black shoes . They hold a half-way rolled up document in their proper right hand .
The Pensive Student ( bottom left ) : Directly below the patriotic scene , Lincoln again appears as a youth , clean-shaven , but clothed in a yellow vest , a light brown long-sleeved shirt and red pants . They straddle a felled log , and their boots are calf-length . They hold a blue document or book , while their other hand supports their chin as they ponder .
Flat Boat Trip to New Orleans ( bottom center ) : A smaller stream juts out from the main body of the Ohio River . This stream is called Pigeon Creek , labeled with capital letters . Further on , a shirtless and barefoot Lincoln with a well-defined chest is gripping a long black stick with two hands as they propel themselves on a raft along the waterway . At their feet rest abstract , geometric shapes that may represent their belongings . They wear blue pants with thick black stripes . In the background , a two-story home with four white pillars is present . Next to this house stands a two-story building with a red steeple , and a small , brown shack with a front porch . The buildings are surrounded by a green lawn .
A red and brown compass depicts cardinal directions with four large points and cursive letters : `` W '' , `` N '' , `` E '' , and `` S '' . Between each letter there are three smaller brown points . The compass has a dark brown circle in its center , with light brown , cream , and red rings .
Historical information
Construction of Here I Grew Up and the Rubin sculpture of Lincoln was postponed for at least a year after the art competition by the Indiana State Office Building Commission . The mosaic alone cost $ 35,280 in 1962 , leading some members of the commission , such as chairperson Indiana Lieutenant Governor Crawford F. Parker , to oppose funding the art in order to allocate taxpayer money to social welfare projects . In 1961 , one of the jury members who helped select the winning entries for the competition wrote to then Governor of Indiana , Matthew E. Welsh , on behalf of the mosaic and the statue of Lincoln :
Location history
After the mosaic was completed in the lobby of the State Office building , located west of the Indiana Statehouse , worker offices shared the space and fabric banners were mounted to reduce noise . With the office infrastructure and banners in place , only portions of the mosaic were visible . Plans were made in the late 1980s to demolish the lobby that housed the mosaic to make way for office expansion . The director of the Indiana State Office Building Commission , John C. Fleck , estimated that the removal and re-installation of the mural would cost $ 155,000 . However , the building remains and is now called Indiana Government Center North . The $ 220 million office complex expansion resulted in the construction of a new office building , Indiana Government Center South ; renovation of Indiana Government Center North , and two parking garages .
Artist
Garo Z. Antreasian ( born 1922 ) is a native of Indianapolis , Indiana . Their career began as an artist in World War II , where they were an artist-correspondent with the United States Coast Guard . Antreasian returned to Indianapolis in 1946 , and graduated from the Herron School of Art in 1948 . Beginning in the 1950s they were a faculty member at the Herron School of Art and they relocated to the University of New Mexico in 1970 . They also are the technical director of the first modern lithography print shop , Tamarind Lithography Workshop , in Los Angeles , California .
Before designing Here I Grew Up , Antreasian completed several projects around the city of Indianapolis and the state of Indiana that depicted Indiana history and landmarks . In 1956 , they were commissioned by Indiana University to design a mural about the history of the school since its founding in 1820 .
See also
Spirit of Indiana
List of public art at the Indiana Statehouse
References
External links
Additional images of Here I Grew Up in Flickr
Buildings and structures completed in 1962
Indiana Statehouse Public Art Collection
Abraham Lincoln in art
Mosaics
Sorolopha ghilarovi is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Vietnam .
References
Moths described in 1988
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
İbecik can refer to :
İbecik , Amasya
İbecik , Gölhisar
Cannabis in Mauritius is illegal ; locally it is known as gandia .
History
Cannabis was banned in the British colony of Mauritius in 1840 :
Usage
A 1974 report on addiction noted that cannabis was usually smoked in cigarette rolls or clay pipes , but was mixed into cakes or sweets , or the beverage bhang . The writer noted it was rarely sniffed as snuff as `` it burns the nose '' .
Reform
In February 1999 , a rally was held calling for legalization of cannabis . The famed Mauritian musician Kaya performed , and publicly smoked cannabis at the event . They were detained by police , and four days later died in custody .
References
Further reading
CANNABIS SATIVA ADDICTION IN MAURITIUS Dr. A. C. Raman .
Mauritius
Drugs in Mauritius
Bozyaka is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Anastasios `` Tasos '' Karagiozis ( ; born 20 June 1997 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Super League 2 club Ierapetra .
References
1997 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League ( Greece ) players
Levadiakos F.C . players
Volos N.F.C . players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Katerini
Francis Fane KC ( c. 1698 – 28 May 1757 ) of Brympton d'Evercy , near Yeovil , Somerset , and later Wormsley , Oxfordshire was a Commissioner for Trade and the Plantations , and a British Member of Parliament .
Early life
Francis Fane was the eldest son of Henry Fane , a Bristol merchant . They were educated at King 's College , Cambridge , graduating in 1715 , after which they attended the Middle Temple and was called to the bar in 1721 . As the eldest son they succeeded in 1726 to their father 's estate . The next year they became a King 's Counsellor and a Middle Temple bencher . They were appointed standing council to the Board of Trade and Plantations in 1725 , a position they held until 1746 . In 1731 they bought the estate at Brympton d'Evercy from the Receiver General .
Parliamentary career
They initially represented Taunton in Somersetshire in the parliament which first sat for business on 27 January 1728 ( N.S. ) . They also represented the same seat in the parliament summoned to meet on 13 June 1734 and then represented Petersfield in that summoned to meet on 25 June 1741 .
They were also Solicitor-General to Queen Caroline between 13 May 1729 and their death in 1737 , and chairperson of the ways and means committee between 1739 and 1751 . In 1746 , being constituted one of the commissioners for the Board of Trade and the Plantations , they were re-elected to the parliament which first sat on business on 12 November 1747 , representing Ilchester . They inherited some estates from their maternal uncle John Scrope in 1752 . They resigned their place as a Commissioner of Trade and the Plantations in April 1756 .
They died unmarried on 28 May 1757 , aged fifty-nine , serving as the member for Lyme Regis and was buried at Lewknor in Oxfordshire .
Family
Fane 's father was a great-grandson of Francis Fane , 1st Earl of Westmorland . Their younger brother and heir , Thomas , inherited the Earldom of Westmorland on the death of the 7th earl in 1762 . Their youngest brother was Henry Fane of Wormsley .
Notes
References
Attribution
Year of birth uncertain
1757 deaths
Alumni of King 's College , Cambridge
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
British MPs 1741–1747
British MPs 1747–1754
British MPs 1754–1761
Members of the Middle Temple
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
Tory MPs ( pre-1834 )
Francis
Willians dos Santos Santana ( born 22 May 1988 ) , simply known as Willians Santana , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Confiança . They also play as a forward .
Honours
Vitória
Campeonato Baiano : 2007 , 2008
Fluminense
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A : 2010
Bahia
Campeonato Baiano : 2015
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
People from Aracaju
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Fluminense FC players
Desportivo Brasil players
Sport Club do Recife players
América Futebol Clube ( MG ) players
Atlético Clube Goianiense players
Avaí FC players
J1 League players
J2 League players
Qatar Stars League players
Matsumoto Yamaga FC players
Al-Khor SC players
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Expatriate footballers in Japan
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Sportspeople from Sergipe
Samuel Ogunsanya ( born 1 March 1980 ) is a former Nigerian professional footballer .
Career
Ogunsanya made their debut in the Russian Premier League in 2002 for FC Spartak Moscow . They played 1 game in the UEFA Champions League 2002–03 for FC Spartak Moscow .
Honours
CAF Champions League champion : 2003 , 2004 .
Nigerian Premier League champion : 1998 , 2002 , 2003 .
Nigerian Premier League runner-up : 2000 , 2004 .
Nigerian FA Cup winner : 2007 .
Russian Premier League bronze : 2002 .
References
1980 births
Sportspeople from Lagos
Living people
Nigerian footballers
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Enyimba F.C . players
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
FC Spartak Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Sharks F.C . players
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Dolphin F.C . ( Nigeria ) players
Katsina United F.C . players
Rangers International F.C . players
Association football defenders
Major Indoor Soccer League ( 2008–2014 ) players
Rockford Rampage players
Pasicles of Thebes ( ; 4th century BC ) was a Greek philosopher and brother of the Cynic philosopher Crates of Thebes . They attended the lectures of their brother Crates , but they are otherwise connected with the Megarian school of philosophy , because Diogenes Laërtius calls them a pupil of Euclid of Megara , and the Suda calls them a pupil of an unknown `` Dioclides the Megarian . '' Pasicles is said to have been the teacher of Stilpo , who became leader of the Megarian school . Thus we have the implausible ( although not impossible ) situation of Pasicles teaching Stilpo , Stilpo teaching Crates , and Crates teaching Pasicles . Crates named their son Pasicles .
Notes
4th-century BC Greek people
4th-century BC philosophers
Classical Greek philosophers
Megarian philosophers
Ancient Thebans
`` Drew Cam '' is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom The Drew Carey Show , and the 110th overall . The episode sees Drew ( Drew Carey ) becoming a 24-hour salesperson for the Winfred-Louder department store . Webcams are installed in their house and they have to promote the store 's range of appliances . While Drew is out , the webcams continue to stream events that occur in their house . When the viewers become bored of Drew 's life , Kate O'Brien ( Christa Miller ) is hired to play their girlfriend for the show . They are soon replaced by Isabel ( Rosa Blasi ) , who Kate becomes jealous of . They eventually tell Drew that they love them during the webcast .
The episode was written by Holly Hester , based on an idea by Michael Becker , and directed by Sam Simon . It first aired on November 17 , 1999 on ABC in the United States . Parts of the episode were broadcast simultaneously on television and the Internet , a first for a primetime show . As ABC did not own the online rights to The Drew Carey Show , the company had to work with Warner Bros. Television to produce the webcast . Negotiations between the two companies began in June 1999 . ABC and Warner Bros. hoped to target around 500,000 viewers of the estimated 4 million US households with Internet access that regularly watched the show .
`` Drew Cam '' was seen by an estimated 11.2 million viewers , finishing inside the top 20 in the ratings the week it aired . It was the second highest-rated episode of the fifth season . The webcast attracted one of the largest online audiences watching a streaming media event , with the website receiving almost two million visits and 650,000 streams . `` Drew Cam '' received mixed reviews from critics , with some calling it ambitious , while others thought it was nothing more than a marketing gimmick .
Plot
At the Winfred-Louder department store , Mr. Wick ( Craig Ferguson ) tells Drew ( Drew Carey ) that Mimi Bobeck ( Kathy Kinney ) has had the idea of putting webcams in their apartment , so potential customers can watch them interact with the store 's range of appliances in an attempt to increase sales . Mr. Wick then informs Mimi that the board felt they might overshadow the appliances , therefore the webcams will be installed in Drew 's house . While Drew is working to advertise the various appliances , their friends Lewis ( Ryan Stiles ) and Oswald ( Diedrich Bader ) come over . Lewis is called outside by Kate O'Brien ( Christa Miller ) , who shows them a letter they wrote to Drew detailing their love for him . Lewis reminds Kate that Drew 's therapist told them they are not ready for a relationship until they learn to love himself . The following day , Mr. Wick tells Drew that the viewers dislike their boring life and they plan to get a woman to live with them for the show . Lewis suggests Kate for the role and Mr. Wick accepts . Both Drew and Kate work hard to advertise the products , but Mr. Wick soon tells them that the viewers do not think they have chemistry , so they replace Kate with Isabel ( Rosa Blasi ) , a Winfred-Louder employee .
Mimi asks to be on Drew 's show , so they can promote their talents , but Drew denies their request . Online shopping for Winfred-Louder increases and Mr. Wick extends the promotion for another two weeks . Kate becomes jealous of Drew and Isabel 's closeness . When Drew tells Kate that they are going to ask Isabel on a date , they get upset and tries to put them off the idea . Lewis almost tells Drew what is going on with Kate , but they get drunk and falls asleep before doing so . The next day , Kate visits Drew and notices Isabel wearing Drew 's shirt . Kate confronts her , causing Isabel to leave . Kate finally admits to Drew that they are in love with him . Drew experiences happiness , surprise , and confusion , so Kate leaves them alone to think about it . Drew breaks up with Isabel , meaning they have to give back all the appliances . While Drew is out , Lewis and Oswald decide to use the new washer before it goes . They strip off , but noticing the camera , Lewis covers it with a shirt . When it falls off , the viewers see Oswald washing Lewis in a small bath tub .
Production
On October 11 , 1999 , ABC and Warner Bros. Television announced that parts of the November 17 episode of The Drew Carey Show would be broadcast simultaneously on television and the internet , a first for a primetime show . The event would also mark the first time the internet arms of ABC and Warner Bros. would work together . The companies hoped to target around 500,000 viewers of the estimated 4 million US households with internet access that regularly watched the show . Richard Tedesco from Broadcasting & Cable reported that the video would be streamed using Microsoft 's Windows Media Player . ABC opted against simulcasting the full episode online as they were worried about a backlash from advertisers . The webcam footage was free of advertisements and audio , which would have caused the broadcast to fall out of sync .
The premise of the episode saw webcams installed in Drew 's house after they become a 24-hour salesperson for the Winfred-Louder department store where they work . When Drew leaves their house , the webcams continue to stream events involving other characters that the television audience does not get to see . Sequences include : Mr. Wick being tempted into their office by a woman wearing a dominatrix-cowgirl outfit ; Ed McMahon bringing Drew a check for $ 10 million , only to find Drew is not home ; the neighborhood dogs holding a party in the kitchen , dancing ghosts re-enacting a murder , and Oswald 's `` Belly Button Theater . ''
The idea for the episode came from Michael Becker , an ABC creative consultant . Co-creator of The Drew Carey Show , Bruce Helford ran with it , aware that a large number of viewers of the show had internet access . The previous year , ABC.com 's servers became overwhelmed when viewers went to the site to participate in an April Fools ' Day competition . After being given the green light , Helford prepared scenes for the webcast , but most of their ideas rejected by the director Sam Simon and Carey himself . Helford commented `` You ca n't do regular scenes for the Web . It 's a tiny little picture . Little jokes get lost . '' The episode was written by Holly Hester , based on Becker 's idea . Keeping the connection speeds in mind , Simon got the actors to slow down their movements for the pre-taped webcast , so they would not create a blurry effect on-screen .
Since ABC did not own the online rights to The Drew Carey Show , the company had to negotiate with Warner Bros. , where the show was produced . Helford , executive producer Debra Oppenheimer and ABC.com representatives met with Jim Banister and John Kaufman from Warner Bros. to discuss the event in June that year . Banister and Kaufman thought The Drew Carey Show webcast would be `` a great promotional opportunity . '' John Geirland from Network World reported that companies spent more than six weeks debating who would host the webcast , how the web traffic would be shared and the details of promotion and advertising the event . The production companies set up Winloud.com to host the webcast , while their respective websites linked to it . The websites also hosted interactive features , exclusive features , cast biographies , photo galleries and video clips .
Media company RealNetworks entered into negotiations to distribute the webcast , but talks collapsed and ABC and Warner Bros. decided to go with Microsoft instead . Since `` Drew Cam '' was going to be broadcast in three time zones , bringing in potentially thousands of online viewers , other partners were brought on board to help out . These included : Akamai Technologies , Don Mischer Technologies , E-Media , Enron Communications , Globix , Ibeam , InterVu , SandPiper-Digital Island and Sonic Foundry Media Services . Geirland observed that it took `` an unprecedented degree of collaboration among the various network providers '' to create the episode . Helford predicted the event would be the biggest `` in the history of the internet '' , even outperforming the Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show webcast that aired earlier in the year . Despite a small pre-air mistake , the episode and the webcast aired without any problems .
Reception
Ratings
In its original broadcast , `` Drew Cam '' finished 19th in the ratings for the week of November 15–21 , 1999 and was viewed by an estimated 11.2 million viewers . It received an 8.6 ratings share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 , and was the second highest-rated episode of the fifth season , following `` Drew Live '' , which aired the week before . The webcast had more viewers than many cable networks on the same night . It attracted one of the largest online audiences watching a streaming media event in internet history . The website had close to two million visits , with 650,000 streams . In three hours , 277,000 video segments were downloaded .
Critical response
The episode received a mixed response from critics . Entertainment Weekly '' 's Noah Robischon said the premise `` sounds like typical high jinks for The Drew Carey Show . '' Robischon also said , `` Sure , it 's gimmicky . But it 's also a preview of TV 's future . '' Rik Fairlie from The New York Times branded the episode `` one of the most ambitious , and winning , forays into Web/TV convergence . '' Network World 's John Geirland concurred , calling the episode `` one of the most ambitious experiments in convergence programming to date . '' David Bloom of the Sun-Sentinel thought the webcast was humorous .
Patti Hartigan from The Boston Globe found the webcast `` was little more than a marketing gimmick . '' Tony Davis of The Sydney Morning Herald included the episode in their `` TV previews '' feature , but gave it a negative review . They stated , `` Nineteen minutes of tosh masquerading as half an hour of comedy . The basic premise is that Drew and their mates are selling everyone ( including themselves ) via the Internet . A preamble on our preview tape advises you to see www.winloud.com if you want to have more fun . How you 'd have less fun is hard to imagine . ''
The Orlando Sentinel '' 's Nancy Imperiale Wellons disliked the webcast and thought the episode was enough . They said , `` While it was a novel idea , and a tip of the hat to tomorrow 's convergence of television and the Web , the gimmick was hampered by today 's technological limitations . '' Wellons thought the webcast was `` too small and dark to have much visual oomph '' . They also found the characters ' dialogue during the episode was out of sync with the webcast .
References
External links
The Drew Carey Show episodes
1999 American television episodes
Leslie Pietrzyk is an American author who has three traditionally published novels , Pears on a Willow Tree , A Year and a Day , and Silver Girl . Them historical novel , Reversing the River , set in Chicago on the first day of 1900 , was serialized on the literary app , Great Jones Street .
Career
Them short fiction has appeared in The Gettysburg Review , The Iowa Review , New England Review , The Sun , Ploughshares , River Styx , The Washington Post Journal , TriQuarterly , and Shenandoah .
They hold a B.A . in English/Creative Writing from Northwestern University and an M.F.A . in creative writing from American University . They live in Alexandria , Virginia , and teaches in the Masters in Writing program at Johns Hopkins University as well as the Low-Res MFA program at Converse College in Spartanburg , South Carolina .
Pietrzyk is also the founder and editor of Redux , an online journal featuring previously published work .
Awards and honors
Them short story collection , This Angel on My Chest. , won the 2015 Drue Heinz Literature Prize .
Other awards include residencies to Hawthornden Castle , the Wolff Cottage in Fairhope ( AL ) , Writer in Residence at ARGS , Virginia Center for Creative Arts , Kimmel Harding Nelson Center , and The Hambidge Center .
Short story awards include the Jeanne Charpiot Goodheart Prize for Fiction from Shenandoah and the Chris O'Malley Fiction Prize from Madison Review .
Works
Pears on a willow tree , New York , NY Bard 1998. ,
A year and a day : a novel , New York : William Morrow , 2003. ,
This angel on my chest : stories , Pittsburgh , PA : University of Pittsburgh Press , 2015. ,
Silver girl , Los Angeles , CA : Unnamed Press , 2018. ,
References
External links
Official website
Redux Literary Journal
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
21st-century American short story writers
American University alumni
Northwestern University alumni
American women novelists
American women short story writers
Writers from Alexandria , Virginia
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Novelists from Virginia
Novelists from Maryland
American women academics
Frederick Conrad James Lullfitz ( 22 January 1914 – 1983 ) was a Western Australian botanist and horticulturist .
Born in Perth , Western Australia in 1914 , they studied botany at the University of Western Australia . During their long and varied career they spent five years as a plant and seed collector for the Kings Park and Botanic Garden , and many years studying and advising on the flora of the north-west . They were a life member of the West Australian Wildflower Society .
Among their scientific contributions is their collection of the type specimen of Acacia anaticeps . Banksia lullfitzii was named in their honour .
References
1914 births
1983 deaths
20th-century Australian botanists
Botanists active in Australia
Australian horticulturists
People from Perth , Western Australia
Plant collectors
Guangtian ( 光天 ) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China . It may refer to :
Guangtian ( 918 ) , era name used by Wang Jian ( Former Shu ) , emperor of Former Shu
Guangtian ( 942–943 ) , era name used by Liu Bin ( Southern Han ) , emperor of Southern Han
Caleb Liu 's Dad
Girella cyanea , also known as the blue drummer or Australian bluefish , is a species of sea chub native to inshore waters , around depth , from Australia to New Zealand and the Kermadec Islands . Sightings were first recorded in 1881 but the species made its debut in scientific publications in 1919 in Theodore Roughly 's Fishes of Australia and Their Technology .
Description
Girella cyanea can be recognized by its blue coloration and yellow spots , with its blueish color becoming a greyish-green in post mortem . The adults of this species are they can attain a length of 76cm and their bright flank spots are distinctive . When they are younger they are greeny-grey in colour and the spots are paler yellow . These fish have a small beak-like mouth and they have large scales .
Sea chubs are easily recognized by distinct morphological characteristics such as their ovate-shaped bodies , small mouths , and weakly-forked strong caudal fin . A key characteristic also being a spinous dorsal fin with low spines followed by a higher evenly curved or falcate soft dorsal fin .
Distribution & habitat
Girella cyanea are commonly found in the south-west Pacific Ocean ; occurring along the east coast of Australia from Flinders Reef off Cape Moreton in Queensland to Eden in southern New South Wales . The species can also be found at Elizabeth and Middleton Reefs , Lord Howe and Norfolk Islands , and New Zealand 's North and Kermadec Islands .
Bluefish are ocean dwellers and do not generally enter rivers or estuaries .
Juveniles are known to live in tidal pools until they reach adulthood and form schools over reef areas . Adults can typically be found in coastal and offshore rocky reef areas in New South Wales at depths ranging from .
Ecology
Girella cyanea are omnivorous ; they are known to eat crustaceans , smaller fishes , mollusks ; along with calcareous seaweeds , brittle stars , cunjevoi , and marine worms . They are known to feed at dawn and dusk when they are most active .
An ontogenetic diet was found in fish less than standard length . Those found in intertidal habitat having a mainly carnivorous diet and a digestive system without developed pyloric caeca . In contrast , pyloric caeca were well-developed in fish larger than and their diets possessed increased ingestion of algae .
Reproduction
Girella cyanea is a fast-growing and long-lived fish , with the oldest observed specimen being 41 years old . It is believed they transition into sexual maturity between 2 and 5 years of age or when they reach in length .
Conservation efforts
A fishing closure was placed across the state of New South Wales in 2006 due to the lack of sightings at the coast ; despite the lack of official endangered species status . However , recreational fishing is still permitted on Lord Howe Island . A bag limit of 5 fish per person per day is enforced in protection zones across the Marine Park .
Taking or possessing bluefish from New South Wales waters , other than designated areas , is an offense that carries a multitude of penalties . Penalties for taking bluefish in contravention of the fishing closure can include fines of up to $ 110,000 for corporations while individuals can face fines of up to $ 22,000 along with up to 6 months in prison , or both . Penalties for possessing a Blue Drummer despite the fishing closure can include fines of up to $ 55,000 for corporations , while individuals can face fines of up to $ 11,000 and up to 3 months in prison , or both .
References
Tony Ayling & Geoffrey Cox , Collins Guide to the Sea Fishes of New Zealand , ( William Collins Publishers Ltd , Auckland , New Zealand 1982 )
cyanea
Taxa named by William John Macleay
Fish described in 1881
Fish of Lord Howe Island
Aung Min ( ) is the incumbent Minister of the President 's Office of Myanmar ( Burma ) , chairperson of Myanmar Peace Centre and a former Minister for Rail Transportation of Myanmar ( Burma ) . They are also a retired Major General in the Myanmar Army .
Aung Min 's daughter , Aye Mya Aung , is married to Burmese rapper and pop singer , Ye Lay .
References
Burmese military personnel
Living people
Government ministers of Myanmar
Defence Services Academy alumni
Burmese generals
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
Members of Pyithu Hluttaw
1949 births
Beijnes ( 1838 – 1963 ) is a defunct Haarlem manufacturer of carriages , buses , trains , and trams . It was closely associated with the Hollandsche IJzeren Spoorweg-Maatschappij ( HIJSM )
History
J.J. Beijnes the elder opened a horse carriage shop ( wagenmaker ) behind the St. Bavochurch on the Riviervischmarkt in Haarlem in 1838 . The painter and writer Jacobus van Looy described such a horse buggy servicing shop in detail in their autobiographical description of their early apprenticeships to a local typesetter and a local carriage shop owner in `` Jaap '' , 1923 . The increasing amount of ironwork needed for wagons of all types resulted in J.J. Beijnes merging their business with their brother A.J. , a local smith , whose workshop was located at Grote Houtstraat 126 across from the Cornelissteeg in Haarlem .
Train
The first train line constructed in the Netherlands was a line following the straight route of the Haarlemmertrekvaart canal , connecting Amsterdam with Haarlem , which opened on 20 September 1839 . To service the trains on the rails , the HIJSM had British engineers come over along with the locomotives they built . Beijnes was eager to obtain a contract , and it was n't until 1855 that the services of the Fabriek van Rijtuigen en Spoorwagens J.J. Beijnes won a commission for four charabancs . They were helped along by the local patrons J. Borski and J. Gerken , who both happened to be in the board of directors of the young HIJSM .
After their initial order , the Beijnes company grew so fast , that in 1858 the first stone was laid in the new location at the stationsplein across from the Haarlem railway station . In 1870 King William III added the predicate `` Royal '' to the company 's name and it became Koninklijke Fabriek van Rijtuigen en Spoorwagens J.J. Beijnes . In 1891 , the HSM , aided by the social activist Daniel de Clercq , began the Haarlem society called De Ambachtsschool to unify various city efforts to start a vocational school in Haarlem , in order to satisfy their need for skilled workers in the booming train carriage business . In 1896 the `` twin hall '' was built to service more train compartments simultaneously , and in 1914 the `` Staalhal '' was built on the Verspronckweg .
Electric Train
In 1922 the first experiments were made with electric trains . Beijnes won a commission for a model called the Mat.'24 . They were called `` blokkendozen '' for their similarity to a child 's building blocks and became a success for years . Their speed was 100 kilometers per hour and over 98 of them were built , with the last one going out of service in 1959 . After this initial success , Beijnes was again allowed to innovate with the diesel-electric train in 1933 , called the DE-3 , which could reach a speed of 125 kilometers per hour and was designed for international service . From 1935 , 91 of the streamlined models Mat . '35 , Mat . '36 , Mat . '40 , and Mat . '46 were built . In 1939 the Dutch railways celebrated their 100-year anniversary with two postage stamps , one representing the first locomotive ( Arend ) , and the other the Beijnes-built Mat . '36 .
World War II
The company 's history during World War II is a tale of ever-increasing economic distress . The war put an end to international travel ( aside from what the German occupying forces desired ) and the DE line including the new DE 5 , which was designed in 1942-1944 together with Werkspoor in Utrecht and Allan in Rotterdam , could not be exploited . Together with other hardships of war , including the hunger winter , the company declined .
After the war , the company moved the entire factory in 1950 to Beverwijk , where the company had its own train station for workers . It recovered somewhat from the damages of war and with the introduction of the new model ELD 4 in 1956 ( called the `` hondekop '' because the nose looked like the head of a dog ) , the company was able to see some successful years , though the decline had already set in . In 1959 the company was taken over by Verenigde Machine Fabrieken ( VMF ) and in 1963 the factory closed after the last model DE 140 was delivered .
References
External links
History of Haarlem
Defunct companies of the Netherlands
Locomotive manufacturers of the Netherlands
Defunct manufacturing companies of the Netherlands
Bus manufacturers of the Netherlands
Rolling stock manufacturers of the Netherlands
Juan Ignacio Cáceres ( born 31 January 1992 ) is an Argentine sprint canoeist who mostly competes in the four-man K-4 1000 m event . They won a bronze medal at the 2015 Pan American Games and placed 12th at the 2016 Olympics . They won the gold medal in the K-4 500m event at the 2019 Pan American Games .
Cáceres took up kayaking in 2003 , and in 2012 was named Sportsperson of the Year in Las Flores , Argentina .
References
1992 births
Living people
Argentine male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Argentina
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in canoeing
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Argentina
Pan American Games gold medalists for Argentina
Canoeists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Canoeists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Philip of Orléans , Count of Vertus ( , 21/24 July 1396 – 1 September 1420 ) , was the second son of Louis I , Duke of Orléans , and Valentina Visconti , and a grandson of Charles V of France . Their older brother was the noted poet Charles , Duke of Orléans and their younger brother was John , Count of Angoulême .
Life
Little is known about their early years . Their first important action took place on 15 April 1410 , when they joined the Armagnac party in the League of Gien . Under the terms of the Peace of Auxerre ( 22 August 1412 ) , Philip was betrothed to Catherine , demoiselle de Guise , second daughter of John the Fearless , Duke of Burgundy ; in the end , this marriage was never celebrated .
They served in the army of King Charles VI of France and accompanied them to Picardy and Artois ( 1414 ) . When their brother Charles was captured at the Battle of Agincourt ( 25 October 1415 ) , they took care of all the family domains and supported the dauphin , Charles ( future Charles VII ) , in their quarrel against the English and Burgundians . In 1418 , Philip was appointed Lieutenant General of the King in the army which besieged and took Parthenay in Poitou . They remained in the service of the dauphin and their army in Poitou and Berry , with custody of the lands situated between the Seine and Loire .
Philip of Vertus suddenly died at the age of twenty-four , unmarried and without legitimate issue . Their unexpected death was a terrible blow to the cause of the Dauphin , as they were their best supporter .
They left a natural son named Philip Anthony , called the Bastard of Vertus , who entered the service of their uncle Duke Charles of Orléans in 1436 , and was later governor of Blois . They also participated in the siege of Montereau which was occupied by the English , and was appointed governor of Coucy by King Charles VII in 1443 ; their death took place certainly before 18 July 1445 , when the executors of their will took actions related to their possessions . They died without issue ( a family `` of Vertus '' claimed descendance from the bastard , but there is no indication who supported this argument and its origin remains unclear ) .
According to a legend , the sculptor Camille Claudel and their brother , the poet Paul Claudel , descended from another bastard of Philip of Vertus conceived by them in their lands of Champagne .
References
Françoise Autrand : Charles VI le roi fou
House of Valois-Orléans
1396 births
1420 deaths
Burials at the Basilica of Saint-Denis
The Golden Goblet Award for Best Animated Short Film ( Chinese : 金爵奖最佳动画短片 ) is the highest prize awarded to short films in the animation category of short film competition at the Shanghai International Film Festival since 2017 .
Award Winners
References
Lists of films by award
Shanghai International Film Festival
Katz syndrome is a rare congenital disorder , presenting as a polymalformative syndrome characterized by enlarged viscera , hepatomegaly , diabetes , and skeletal anomalies that result in a short stature , cranial hyperostosis , and typical facial features . It is probably a variant of the autosomal recessive type of Craniometaphyseal Dysplasia .
Symptoms and signs
Manifestations include enlarged viscera , hepatomegaly , diabetes , short stature and cranial hyperostosis .
Diagnosis
Treatment
References
Congenital disorders
Syndromes affecting the hepatobiliary system
Syndromes with craniofacial abnormalities
Rare genetic syndromes
Syndromes with short stature
Rare syndromes
Mucilaginibacter ginsengisoli is a Gram-negative , strictly aerobic , short-rod-shaped and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from soil which was cultivated with ginseng .
References
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2015
Don Nicholls ( born 23 November 1936 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
The Carlton Football Club recruited Nicholls from the Maryborough Football Club in 1956 , the Blues would later sign their younger brother John > Their father ensured that both brothers would play together with one club . Don played 77 senior games as a centreman for Carlton from 1956 , when they were Carlton 's best first-year player , to 1961 .
In 1962 they left Carlton to play for Box Hill .
Notes
External links
Don Nicholls 's profile at Blueseum
1936 births
Carlton Football Club players
Box Hill Football Club players
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Maryborough Football Club players
The Mayor of Chico , California is the chair of the City Council of Chico , California . The city of Chico has a council–manager form of local government . The city council holds its first meeting after the election of new and re-elected council members on the first Tuesday in December of even-numbered years . At this meeting , the mayor is chosen by and from among the members of the Chico City Council . The mayor serves for a term of two years . The office of mayor is a nonpartisan office . In the absence of both the Mayor and Vice Mayor , the Council may choose one of its members to act as Mayor Pro Tempore .
Presidents of the Board of Trustees ( 1872–1923 )
The city became incorporated on January 8 , 1872 . In that year , the first Chico Board of Trustees was established . This body was the predecessor of the modern Chico City Council , and its president acted as mayor . The first municipal election was February 5 , 1872 with 217 votes cast for trustees elected at-large . Municipal elections were annual and the term for a trustee was two years . However , the first trustees had to draw lots to determine who would serve for a one , two or three-year terms . This was to provide that there would only be either two or three seats up for election in any given year henceforth . The chair of the board was chosen by and from among the board 's members and titled its President .
On April 12 , 1897 , the city had its first election under the ward system . Beginning in 1899 , municipal elections would be only held every two years
Mayors from 1923 to 1996
On June 4 , 1921 , an election was held to choose a Board of Freeholders charged with framing a City Charter . On April 16 , 1923 , at-large elections were reinstated under the charter . Under the charter , the board of trustees was renamed the Chico City Council , and its chair was titled the Mayor .
Mayors Pro Tempore ( 1996–1997 )
In 1996 , the recently re-elected council member and Vice Mayor Ted Hubert died prior to being re-sworn in , and more significantly , before the selection of mayor had occurred . The evenly , and deeply divided council stalemated on the selection . At its first meeting on the first Tuesday in December , they named Ted Hubert as honorary mayor . However , the stalemate resulted in a rotating Mayor Pro Tempore system for about six months . The remaining six council members each took turns serving as meeting chair until they appointed Bill Johnston to fill the council vacancy , and Rick Keene mayor . During that period , the following council members served as Mayor Pro Tempore for about two weeks each :
Mayors from 1997 to the present
See also
History of Chico , California
Notes
In 1899 , Mayor J. Ellis Rodley , was sentenced to 12 years in prison after being found guilty of perjury in the witnessing of a forged will offered for probate . They were granted parole in 1906 .
References
Mayor
Chico mayors
Chico
Antoine d'Agata ( ; born 1961 ) is a French photographer and film director . Their work deals with topics that are often considered taboo , such as addiction , sex , personal obsessions , darkness , and prostitution .
D'Agata is a full member of Magnum Photos . In 2001 they won the Niépce Prize for young photographers .
Life and work
D'Agata was born in Marseille in 1961 . They left France in 1983 to start a series of travels . They studied photography at the International Center of Photography in New York City in 1990 , under the tutelage of Larry Clark and Nan Goldin .
D'Agata 's work deals with addiction , sex , personal obsessions , darkness , prostitution , and other topics widely considered taboo . They often use their own life experiences as source material . `` My intimacy is linked so much to my work , and my work depends so much on my intimate experiences of the world . It 's all intermingled . ''
D'Agata has been a full member of Magnum Photos since 2008 . They have published more than a dozen books and three films .
In 2009 Tommaso Lusena and Giuseppe Schillaci released a documentary film about d'Agata called The Cambodian Room : Situations with Antoine d'Agata .
Publications
Publications by d'Agata
Mala Noche . France : En Vue , 1998 .
De Mala Muerte . Paris : , 1998 .
Hometown . Paris : Le Point du Jour Editeur , 2001 .
Antoine d'Agata . Spain : Centro de Estudios Fotograficos , 2001 .
Insomnia . Marseille : Images en Manoeuvre , 2003 .
Vortex . France : Atlantica , 2003 .
La Ville sans Nom . Paris : Le Point du Jour Editeur , 2004 .
Stigma . Marseille : Images en Manoeuvre , 2004. . With a text by Philippe Azoury .
Manifeste . Cherbourg-Octeville ( Manche ) : Le Point du Jour Editeur , 2005. .
Psychogéographie . Paris : Le Point du Jour Editeur , 2005. . With texts by d'Agata and Bruno Le Dantec .
Agonie . Arles : Actes Sud/Atelier de Visu , 2009 . Text by Rafael Garido .
Ice . Images En Manœuvres , 2011. .
Position ( s ) . Avarie , 2012 , .
Paraiso . France : Andre Frere , 2013 .
Anticorps . Madrid : Xavier Barral ; Paris : Le Bal , 2013. . Catalogue for retrospective exhibition at Le Bal in Paris . Text in French .
Antibodies . Munich : Prestel , 2014. . With a text by d'Agata translated into English .
Fukushima . Tokyo : Super Labo , 2015 . Text in English and Japanese . Edition of 500 copies .
AiTHO . Roquevaire , France : Andre Frere , 2015 . Text in French . Edition of 300 copies .
Index . Roquevaire , France : Andre Frere , 2015. .
Cidade de Pedra . Athens : Void , 2016 .
Codex – Mexico 1986–2007 . Mexico : Editorial RM , 2016 .
Lilith . 64P series . Madrid : La Fábrica , 2017. . Text in English and Spanish .
Self-Portraits : 1987–2017 . Tokyo : Super Labo , 2017 . Edition of 1000 copies .
Oscurana . Athens : Void , 2018 .
Acéphale . Arles : Studio Vortex , 2018 .
Stasis . Arles . Studio Vortex , 2019 .
Publications paired with another
Aïda Mady Diallo . Les Carnets de la Creation series . Montreuil , Paris : l'Oeil , 2003. . A short story by Aïda Mady Diallo with photographs from Mali by d'Agata . In French .
Publications with contributions by d'Agata
Home . Tokyo : Magnum Photos Tokyo , 2018. .
Hunger . Athens : Void , 2018. .
Films
Le Ventre du Monde = The World 's Belly ( 2004 )
El Cielo del Muerto ( 2005 ) – documentary short
Aka Ana ( 2008 )
Atlas ( 2012 )
White Noise ( 2019 )
Exhibitions
1001 Nuits , Paris , 2004 .
Antoine D'Agata : Anticorps , Fotomuseum Den Haag , 26 May – 2 September 2012 ; Le Bal , Paris , 24 January – 14 April 2013 ; Spazio Forma , Milan , 27 June – 1 September 2013 ; and Atsukobarouh , Tokyo , 23 May – 6 July 2015 .
Awards
2001 : Niépce Prize , Association , Paris
2004 : Overseas Photographer Prize , Higashikawa Prize , Japan
2013 : Rencontres d'Arles Author 's Book Award , Arles , France , for Anticorps ( 2013 )
References
External links
D'Agata at Magnum Photos
Overview of Antoine D'Agata 's work at documentsdartistes.org
Antoine D'Agata on Facebook
Antoine d'Agata : `` Empty Shell Walking '' By Doug Rickard at American Suburb X
Interview with Antoine d'Agata
Interview with Antoine d'Agata on GUP Magazine ( 2012 )
Antoine d'Agata : Your Dishonesty is the Codex for My Vitriol By Brad Feuerhelm at American Suburb X
1961 births
Living people
Mass media people from Marseille
French film directors
French photographers
Magnum photographers
Ibrahim al-Abdullah ( , born ) is a Lebanese journalist and politician .
Background
Al-Abdallah studied at the Sagesse College and obtained a license degree in political science . They went on to work as a journalist ; between 1953 and 1958 they worked at the ad-Diyar newspaper . They were also employed as an officer in the Chamber of Deputies .
Al-Abdallah was the son of a Shiite political leader , Ali al-Abdallah , who had been serving in the parliament . Ibrahim al-Abdallah ran for parliament in the 1960 election as an independent candidate in the Marjeyoun-Hasbaya constituency , securing a seat .
Ibrahim al-Abdallah ran for parliament again in the 1968 election in Marjeyoun-Hasbaya constituency . They were the running mate of As'ad al-As'ad . They obtained 5,593 votes , not enough to regain their seat .
References
Lebanese politicians
Lebanese journalists
1920s births
Possibly living people
White trout is a common name for several fish and may refer to :
Cynoscion arenarius
Salmo trutta
Enrique Muller ( December 1846 - ? ) was a German-American photographer for the United States Navy . They were known as the `` daredevil photographer '' for their unique perspectives when photographing moving ships .
Biography
They were born in December 1846 in Germany . They emigrated to the United States in 1865 and married Mary around 1874 . Together they had six children , and two became photographers , Theodore Muller and Robert Enrique Muller .
References
German emigrants to the United States
American photographers
Juan Pablo Maricich Garcia ( born January 23 , 1972 ) is an Argentine slalom canoer who competed in the early 1990s . They finished 37th in the K-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1972 births
Argentine male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Argentina
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Zentiva is a pharmaceutical company based in Prague , Czech Republic . The company is developing , manufacturing and marketing a wide range of generic and OTC products .
Zentiva employs more than 4 700 people across Europe and has three manufacturing sites , in Prague , Bucharest and Ankleshwar . Since 2018 , Zentiva is wholly-owned by private equity firm Advent International ; it was formerly , since 2008 , a subsidiary of Sanofi .
History of Zentiva
The roots of the Czech pharmaceutical company date back to 1488 with the Black Eagle Pharmacy ( “ U Černého Orla ” ) located in the Prague city center : Malá Strana . In 1857 pharmacy was bought by Benjamin & Karel Fragner ( 1824-1886 ) . Their expansion plans were started by their son Dr. Karel Fragner ( 1861-1926 ) and further expanded by Dr.Ing . Jiří Fragner ( 1900-1977 ) . He , together with their brother , an architect Jaroslav Fragner , built and designed a new modern pharmaceutical factory in Dolní Měcholupy , which is now a part of Prague . Today Zentiva 's headquarters are located on the original factory premises .
The factory “ Benjamin Fragner ” started to produced medicines in August 1930 . Its profitability was set upon a solid bedrock of active substances , with which intensive Research and Development started . During World War II , after Czech universities were shut down following German-occupation , the Fragner factory became a refuge for many notable specialists . For example , one of the first successful isolation of penicillin ( BF Mykoin 510 ) was achieved on this site .
In 1946 the company is nationalised by the Czech government and the factory and the pharmacy are split apart . The factory became part of SPOFA ( United Pharmaceutical Enterprises ) employing 750 . It was the leading pharmaceutical site in post-war Czechoslovakia . In the early sixties , to satisfy the demand of growing need of dosage forms , the question of upgrading the site to further increase the manufactured amounts was raised . The upgrade was completed in 1979 and led to the construction of new modern production facilities .
Starting in 1989 the company went through a series of significant organisational and ownership changes . In 1993 , the company 's name is changed from Léčiva a.s. to Zentiva k.s . Later in 1998 , Zentiva 's management acquires a majority of shares and establishes a new focus on branded generic medicines . In 2003 a new corporate brand name was introduced : Zentiva CZ s.r.o .. In the same year , the leading pharmaceutical company from Slovakia ( Slovakofarma ) was added to Zentiva portfolio . In 2004 , Zentiva is listed at the Prague and London Stock Exchanges . Zentiva also expanded to Poland and Russia and other markets of central and eastern Europe . Later in 2005 : Sicomed ( leading generic company in Romania nowadays Zentiva SA ) was acquired and added to Zentiva portfolio .
In the beginning of 2007 Zentiva increased its activity in Hungary and acquired Eczacibaşi Generic Pharmaceuticals ( leading Turkish manufacturer ) . The year 2008 marked the acquisition of Zentiva by the French holding Sanofi and decided to make it its European generics platform . Zentiva became then part of the Sanofi Generics Franchise .
In 2018 , Advent International bought the European division of Sanofi 's Generics business – Zentiva . Transaction of total worth 1,919 bn€ . . Zentiva with the support of Advent International , one of the biggest equity funds , became independent .
Following the acquisition by Advent International , Zentiva entered in a fast-paced series of acquisition to build up its position in generics and OTC markets , in and outside Europe . In April 2019 , Zentiva acquired Creo Pharmaceuticals , a UK-based subsidiary of the US-based Amneal Pharmaceuticals since 2013 . Followed , in May , by Solacium the Romania-based pharmaceutical company expanding both its Generics and OTC footprint .
In January 2022 , Zentiva received the Top Employer recognition from the Top Employer Institute in the Czech Republic and Romania .
Acquisitions History
1857 : Black Eagle Pharmacy bought by Benjamin & Karel Fragner
1946 : Pharmacy and Factory split apart
2003 : acquisition of Slovakofarma
2005 : acquisition of Sicomed
2007 : Zentiva acquired Eczacibaşi Generic Pharmaceuticals
2008 : Sanofi acquired Zentiva
2018 : Advent International acquired Zentiva
2019 :
April : acquisition of Creo Pharmaceuticals
May : acquisition of Solacium Pharmaceuticals
September : signing of an agreement to acquire manufacturing site in Ankleshwar , India
October : signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the Central and Eastern European Business of Alvogen
2020 :
April : Acquisition of Alvogen CEE Business
May : Acquisition of Sanofi 's manufacturing site in Ankleshwar , India
References
Manufacturing companies based in Prague
Czech brands
Generic drug manufacturers
Pharmaceutical companies of the Czech Republic
Manufacturing companies of Czechoslovakia
`` To the Door of the Sun ( Alle Porte del Sole ) '' is a 1975 hit single by Al Martino and the title track of their LP .
It is the English version of an Italian-language song by Gigliola Cinquetti , `` Alle porte del sole '' , which was released in 1973 . Cinquetti had later recorded an English rendition of it , different from Martino 's , which was released as a single by CBS Records in August 1974 with their original Italian version on the B-side . The record reached number six in South Africa .
Chart history
In early 1975 , `` To the Door of the Sun '' reached number 17 on the U.S . Billboard Hot 100 . It spent four months on the chart , equaling the chart run length of Martino 's greatest hit , `` I Love You Because '' ( # 3 , 1963 ) .
`` To the Door of the Sun '' was a bigger Adult Contemporary hit , reaching number seven on the AC charts of both the United States and Canada . The song also charted in Australia .
Al Martino version
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Gigliola Cinquetti version
References
External links
Lyrics of this song
1973 songs
1974 singles
Al Martino songs
Capitol Records singles
Macaronic songs
Songs with lyrics by Norman Newell
Songs written by Daniele Pace
Songs written by Mario Panzeri
Effingham County ( ) is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 52,250 . The seat is Springfield .
Effingham County is included in the Savannah metropolitan area .
In 2008 , Effingham County was ranked as the sixth-fastest-growing midsize county in the nation from 2000 to 2007 by the U.S. Census Bureau . The county had a 35.1 % growth rate over that period .
History
Effingham was among the original counties of the state of Georgia , created February 5 , 1777 during the American Revolution from the colonial parishes of St. Matthew and St. Phillip . Its name honors Lord Effingham , an English champion of colonial rights , who resigned their commission rather than fight against the rebel colonists during the American Revolution .
During the war , most of the Loyalists in what is now Effingham County were first generation Scottish immigrants . After the war , notable Georgia patriots including Lyman Hall , Samuel Elbert , Edward Telfair , George Walton and Stephen Heard all made direct appeals to the Loyalists of Effingham County to `` stay on '' in Georgia , under the new republican form of government . In Effingham County this effort was successful , and virtually all Loyalists in the county stayed . The town of Springfield was established in 1799 , and most likely was named after a plantation .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.1 % ) is water .
The entire western edge of Effingham County , from south of Newington to east of Guyton , then south to southwest of Meldrim , is located in the Lower Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin . The bulk of the rest of the county is located in the Lower Savannah River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin . A narrow rectangular portion of south Effingham County , from south of Pineora through Meldrim , is located in the Ogeechee Coastal sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin .
Major highways
Interstate 16
Interstate 95
U.S. Route 80
State Route 17
State Route 21
State Route 21 Spur
State Route 26
State Route 30
State Route 119
State Route 275
State Route 404 ( unsigned designation for I-16 )
State Route 405 ( unsigned designation for I-95 )
Savannah River Parkway
Adjacent counties
Hampton County , South Carolina ( north )
Jasper County , South Carolina ( northeast )
Chatham County ( southeast )
Bryan County ( south )
Bulloch County ( west )
Screven County ( northwest )
National protected area
Savannah National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census , there were 37,535 people , 13,151 households , and 10,494 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 14,169 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 84.66 % White , or European Americans , 12.99 % Black or African American , 0.32 % Native American , 0.45 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.52 % from other races , and 1.04 % from two or more races . About 1.41 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 13,151 households , out of which 43.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 64.30 % were married couples living together , 11.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 20.20 % were non-families . 16.90 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 6.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.84 and the average family size was 3.18 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 29.90 % under the age of 18 , 8.20 % from 18 to 24 , 32.10 % from 25 to 44 , 21.70 % from 45 to 64 , and 8.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females , there were 98.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 96.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 46,505 , and the median income for a family was $ 50,351 . Males had a median income of $ 39,238 versus $ 23,814 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,873 . About 7.10 % of families and 9.30 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 10.80 % of those under age 18 and 12.60 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 U.S. Census , there were 52,250 people , 18,092 households , and 14,139 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 19,884 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 82.6 % white , 13.5 % black or African American , 0.8 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.8 % from other races , and 1.9 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.9 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 17.6 % were German , 17.0 % were Irish , 14.0 % were English , and 10.2 % were American .
Of the 18,092 households , 43.6 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.1 % were married couples living together , 12.7 % had a female householder with no husband present , 21.8 % were non-families , and 17.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.22 . The median age was 35.1 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 56,903 and the median income for a family was $ 63,277 . Males had a median income of $ 49,646 versus $ 34,554 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 23,465 . About 8.0 % of families and 10.3 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 13.2 % of those under age 18 and 11.6 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 64,769 people , 21,172 households , and 15,424 families residing in the county .
Economy
In the early years of the 1900s , agriculture was the mainstay of the county economy . The chief agricultural products were Irish potatoes and sweet potatoes . The county farmers raised so many Irish potatoes in the early 1920s that they were shipped out numerous railroad boxcars , full of potatoes , during the summer months of those years .
Small businesses , such as the Effingham Canning Company and Potato Barrel manufacturing mills , became big businesses . The Effingham Canning Company did not last long . It was established in 1918 at the site of the former Savannah Atlanta Railroad Locomotive Repair Shop in Springfield . This site today would be located across the road from Georgia Highway Department Maintenance Building on Georgia Highway 21 , south of Springfield . A later canning company operated in the 1940s at the old elementary school grounds in Springfield .
In the early 21st century , Effingham County has had unprecedented demand for industrial locations . Interest in industrial development has been spurred by the area 's high population growth , tremendous growth at the Georgia ports and the ever-growing economy of coastal Georgia . Contributors include the military , aerospace industry and a diversified manufacturing base . The Savannah area is home to Gulfstream Aerospace and Hunter Army Airfield .
The Effingham County Industrial Park has announced several new tenants since 2005 . In 2007 it became the site of EFACEC Group , a Portuguese-based transformer manufacturer for their North and Central America operations . The U.S. factory is located in Rincon , Georgia and produces both core and shell technology power transformers . Other businesses include the Flint River Services refrigerated storage , ValuePart distribution center , as well as expansions of several existing industries in the park . The site is ideally located on a four-lane divided highway only from Interstate 95 and within of the Georgia Ports , the Savannah International Airport and the historic City of Savannah .
The Effingham Industrial Development Authority acquired approximately for development . The acquisitions include a tract of approximately adjacent to Interstate 16 and an additional tract on Interstate 16 seven miles from Interstate 95 . Both tracts are within of the Georgia Ports Authority , and within of the Chatham County Mega-Site ( formerly known as the DaimlerChrysler site ) at the strategic intersection of Interstates 95 and 16 .
A potential of of light manufacturing and/or Distribution Center/ Warehousing space exists at this site . Another recent acquisition is the former Research Forest Tract . Approximately in size , this will be a `` legacy '' development to include commercial , executive office , heavy industrial , light industrial , professional service , research and recreational land uses . The site comprises three separate tracts of land six rail miles from the Georgia Ports Authority , with planned access to the Savannah River Parkway , Norfolk Southern mainline rail and CSX mainline rail . The property is being master planned . The development is planned to attract research and development , assembly operations , headquarters and other low-impact operations .
Industry in Effingham County includes paper manufacturing—Georgia Pacific ( Savannah River Mill ) , high-precision turbine blade production—Doncasters , aluminum geodesic dome production—Temcor , concrete pipe manufacturing—Hanson , customized business jet interiors—Edward 's Interiors , electrical distribution power transformer production—EFACEC PT , among many others .
Education
Politics
Effingham County has been a reliably Republican county from 1984 onward . After supporting Dixiecrat Strom Thurmond in 1948 , it began voting Republican earlier than most Georgia counties , albeit by very narrow margins . Effingham then voted in line with most other rural Deep South counties from 1964 to 1972 . The only Democratic Party candidate to win the county since 1944 was Jimmy Carter , who won it convincingly in their statewide landslide in 1976 and narrowly in 1980 .
Communities
Guyton
Rincon
Springfield
Clyo
Meldrim
Ebenezer
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Effingham County , Georgia
References
External links
Effingham County Government Official Webpage
Effingham County Chamber of Commerce
1777 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1777
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
Savannah metropolitan area
Orycteropus is a genus of mammals in the family Orycteropodidae within Tubulidentata . The genus is known from Late Miocene to recent of Africa .
The only living species within Tubulidentata are the aardvark ( Orycteropus afer ) .
Species
Three species are recognized :
Orycteropus afer – aardvark – Palaeolithic to Recent of Africa
† Orycteropus abundulafus
† Orycteropus crassidens – Pleistocene of Kenya
† Orycteropus djourabensis – Early Pliocene to Early Pleistocene of Chad and Kenya
Other species previously assigned to Orycteropus are now classified in the genus Amphiorycteropus .
References
Further reading
Orycteropodidae
Mammal genera
Mammal genera with one living species
Taxa named by Georges Cuvier
The Belarusian Rugby Federation ( ) is the governing body for rugby in Belarus . It oversees the various national teams and the development of the sport .
The Belarusian Rugby Federation was suspended from World Rugby and Rugby Europe on 28 February 2022 due to the Belarusian government 's support for the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine .
Leadership
See also
Rugby union in Belarus
Belarus national rugby union team
References
External links
Belarusian Rugby Federation
Rugby union in Belarus
Rugby
Rugby union governing bodies in Europe
Dew computing is an information technology ( IT ) paradigm that combines the core concept of cloud computing with the capabilities of end devices ( personal computers , mobile phones , etc. ) . It is used to enhance the experience for the end user in comparison to only using cloud computing . Dew computing attempts to solve major problems related to cloud computing technology , such as reliance on internet access . Dropbox is an example of the dew computing paradigm , as it provides access to the files and folders in the cloud in addition to keeping copies on local devices . This allows the user to access files during times without an internet connection ; when a connection is established again , files and folders are synchronized back to the cloud server .
History
The term `` dew computing '' , as used in information technology , first appeared in 2015 in IT literature and since then has become a field of its own . The cloud-dew architecture was proposed as a possible solution to the offline data accessibility problem . At first , its scope included only web applications ; broader applications were later proposed .
Dew computing is a model which was derived from the original concept of cloud computing . Other models have also emerged from cloud computing , including fog computing , edge computing , dew computing , and others . Proponents claim that these novel models , such as dew computing , can provide better experiences for users .
Cloud computing provides universal access and scalability . However , having all the resources far from a user 's control occasionally causes problems . In the classic cloud computing paradigm , when the internet connection to the servers is lost , the user is unable to access their data ; dew computing aims to solve this problem .
Definition
As an information technology paradigm , dew computing seeks to use the capabilities of personal computers along with cloud services in a more reliable manner .
The key features of dew computing are independence and collaboration . Independence means that the local device must be able to provide service without a continuous connection to the Internet . Collaboration means that the application must be able to connect to the cloud service and synchronize data when appropriate .
Use of the word `` dew '' reflects natural phenomena : clouds are far from the ground , fog is closer to the ground , and dew is on the ground . Analogically , cloud computing is a remote service , fog computing is beside the user , and dew computing is at the user end .
Architecture
To establish a cloud-dew architecture on a PC , a dew virtual machine ( DVM ) is needed . The DVM is an isolated environment for executing the dew server on the local PC , and it consists of at least three components : the dew server ( DS ) , the data analytics server ( DAS ) , and the artificial intelligence of the dew ( AID ) .
Dew server ( DS ) : The DS acts like the cloud service on the local PC . It interacts with and periodically synchronizes content with the cloud service .
Dew analytics server ( DAS ) : The dew analytics server collects data about how the dew server is being used .
Artificial intelligence of the dew ( AID ) : After receiving data from the DAS about usage patterns , the AID uses the data to customize and tailor the dew server to the user to enhance their experience .
Categories
The dew computing categories are classified based on the application field .
Web in Dew ( WiD )
The local device must possess a duplicated fraction of the World Wide Web ( WWW ) or a modified copy of that fraction to satisfy the independence feature . Because this fraction synchronizes with the web , it satisfies the collaboration feature of dew computing .
Storage in Dew ( SiD )
The storage of the local device is partially or fully copied into the cloud . An example is Dropbox , in which a user can create a folder in the cloud , and have access to the folder and its contents on the local device once synchronization is complete . Since the user can access files at any time without the need for constant Internet access , this category meets the independence feature of dew computing . SiD also meets the collaboration feature because the folder and its contents automatically synchronize with the cloud service .
Database in Dew ( DBiD )
The local device and the cloud both store copies of the same database . One of these two databases is considered the main version and can be defined as such by the database administrator . This service increases the reliability of a database , as one of the databases can act as the backup for the other .
Software in Dew ( SiD )
The configuration and ownership of software are saved in the cloud . Examples include the Apple App Store and Google Play , where the applications the user installs are saved to their account and can then be installed on any device linked to their account .
Platform in Dew ( PiD )
A software development suite must be installed on the local device with the settings and application data synchronized to the cloud service . A Software Development Kit on its own does not satisfy these requirements ; it must be able to synchronize development data , system deployment data , and online backups . An example of PiD is GitHub .
Infrastructure as Dew ( IaD )
The local device is dynamically supported by cloud services . IaD can come in different forms , but the following two forms can be used : ( 1 ) the local device can have an exact duplicate DVM instances in the cloud , which is always kept in the same state as the local instance , or ( 2 ) the local device can have all its settings/data saved in the cloud , including system settings/data and data for each application .
Data in Dew ( DiD )
The term DiD is applied when all its applications satisfy the independence and collaboration requirements but can not be placed in any of the above categories . An example is the Novell Groupwise email client .
Possible challenges
Dew computing faces a number of technical challenges , including issues related to power management , processor utility , and data storage . Other factors impacting the use of dew computing are the viability of the operating system , network model , communication model , programming principles , dew recommended engine , local dew network , personal high productivity , database security , and behaviors of the browser .
See also
Thick client
Distributed computing
Dropbox
MEGA
Google Drive
Amazon Web Services
iCloud
External links
IEEE Computer Society Dew Computing Special Technical Community
Extended list of Abstracts , Articles and Authors on Dew Computing
Dew Computing News and Research
References
Post-cloud computing architecture
Distributed computing architecture
Philipp Ludwig II of Hanau-Münzenberg ( 18 November 1576 , in Hanau – 9 August 1612 , in Hanau ) , was one of the most notable counts of Hanau of the early modern period , their policies bringing about sweeping changes .
Count Philipp Ludwig II of Hanau-Münzenberg was born in the castle at Hanau and baptised two weeks later on 3 December . Their parents were Count Philipp Ludwig I of Hanau-Münzenberg ( 1553–1580 ) and Countess Magdalene of Waldeck-Wildungen ( 1558–1599 ) .
Guardianship
They nominally succeeded their deceased father on 4 February 1580 , albeit under the guardianship of Counts John VI , Count of Nassau-Dillenburg ( 1536–1606 ) , Louis I , Count of Sayn-Wittgenstein ( 1568–1607 ) and Philipp IV , Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg ( 1514–1590 ) , who was replaced in 1585 by their son , Count Philipp V of Hanau-Lichtenberg ( 1541–1599 ) .
Their widowed mother , Magdalena , remarried on 9 December 1581 to Count John VII , the Middle , of Nassau-Siegen ( 1561–1623 ) , the son of one of the guardians . In consequence Philipp Ludwig II and their younger brother , Count Albrecht , joined the Nassau-Dillenburg court , a centre of the Reformation movement in Germany and closely tied to the Electorate of the Palatinate of the Rhine . The new ideas they encountered here greatly influenced their life .
The guardianship was ended only in 1608 at the behest of the Elector Palatine Friedrich IV ( 1574–1610 ) .
Family
During a wedding feast in Dillenburg that lasted from 23 October 1596 - 3 November 1596 , they married Katharina Belgica , third daughter of William the Silent , producing the following children :
Charlotte Louise ( 1597–1649 Kassel ) , not married
Daughter ( 29 July 1598 – 9 August 1598 ) , died unbaptised
Philipp Ulrich ( 2 January 1601 – 7 April 1604 Steinau )
Amalia Elisabeth ( 1602–1651 Kassel ) , married to Wilhelm V , Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel
Katharina Juliane ( 1604–1668 Hanau ) , married first on 11 September 1631 to Count Albrecht Otto II of Solms-Laubach , Rödelheim and Assenheim and secondly on 31 March 1642 to Moritz Christian of Wied-Runkel
Philipp Moritz ( 1605–1638 ) , who succeeded him , buried in the Marienkirche in Hanau
Wilhelm Reinhard ( 1607–1630 Aachen ) , buried in the Marienkirche in Hanau
Heinrich Ludwig ( 1609–1632 ) died during the Siege of Maastricht
Friedrich Ludwig ( 27 July 1610 – 4 October 1628 Paris ) , buried in the family tomb of the Duke of Bouillon in Sedan
Jakob Johann ( 1612–1636 Zabern ) , buried in St. Nikolaus in Strasbourg
Policies
Count Philipp Ludwig II 's policies are notable for their drive of modernisation for their tiny state . With their marriage , they came of age , although the regency continued for their younger brother Albrecht . By using their rights under the Cuius regio , eius religio rule , they changed the confession of their county to Calvinism . They succeeded with this nearly everywhere in their sphere of influence , except in a few villages in the district Bornheimerberg , which surrounded Frankfurt and the condominiums shared with the Roman Catholic archbishop-elector of Mainz . The villages in the vicinity of Frankfurt had strong ties to this ( mainly ) Lutheran city and a majority of the villagers just went to Lutheran services in “ foreign ” Frankfurt territory . Also in the condominiums Philipp Ludwig II shared with the Archbishopric of Mainz they could n't change anything — whether they had become Lutheran during the reformation or had remained Roman Catholic .
The introduction of Calvinism and its location , at only half a day 's journey away from Frankfurt with its trade fair , made Hanau an attractive place to settle for Calvinist refugees from France and later from the Southern Netherlands . They were often wealthy traders and were attractive subjects for a ruler in need of tax revenues . In 1597 and 1604 , the count and the refugees entered into two treaties which gave them a large degree of self-government and founded the “ New Town ” of Hanau , south to the historic mediaeval settlement . This proved to be a big success and initiated an economic growth for Hanau which lasted even into the 19th century .
Philipp Ludwig II also reinstated a Jewish community in Hanau . Space was allocated for the Jews on the southern fortifications of the historic town , which was no longer needed , due to the new town which protected this side of the old town . This Ghetto was not part of one either town , but placed directly under the administrative control of the county .
Count Philipp Ludwig II also tried to found a university . They founded the “ Hohe Landesschule ” in Hanau . It was modeled on the Herborn Academy , where they had studied himself . Even so , it did not develop into a university and it still exists until today as a secondary school .
Ancestors
References
1576 births
1612 deaths
Counts of Hanau-Münzenberg
Mukamlar is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 65 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Nanga Eboko ( Nanga-Eboko ) is a town and municipality , capital of the Haute-Sanaga ( Upper Sanaga ) department in the Centre Province of Cameroon . It lies on the Sanaga River and counts a population of 29,814 , of which 18,282 in the town .
History
Geography
The town , located in the middle of Cameroon , lies between Yaoundé ( 172 km northeast ) , the national capital , and Bertoua ( 173 km east ) .
The municipality includes the town of Nanga Eboko itself and several villages :
Abam
Berkong
Bibassa
Biboa
Bifoulé
Bikaga
Bikang
Bissaga
Bitam
Biwong
Bogba
Boundjou
Déa
Dingbekoua
Eboulé
Efoulane II
Ekanga
Ekok
Ekondong
Emtsé
Essamesso
Etog-Nang
Ka ' a
Kom
Lembé Badja
Mangaé
Mbenda
Mbiam
Mbomendjock
Mebolé
Mekak
Mekomo
Memia
Mendoumbé
Menga ' a
Mengoa
Mengondé
Mengué
Messa ' a
Messegué
Messibigui
Mevounga
Mewomé
Meyang
Meyosso
Mezassa
Mfomalène
Mgboum
Mimbang
Mimbelé
Mpandang
Mpomtené
Mvomzock
Nangmana
Ndandouck
Ndemba
Nding
Ndjassi
Ndjimekong
Ndjombé
Ngamba
Ngamba-Ndel
Ngoakomba
Ngoulmekong
Nkoambang
Nkolmveng
Nkondom
Nya Yessé
Okassang
Okolat
Ouassa-Bamvelé
Sandja
Sanga
Sassé
Zengoaga
Transport
Nanga Eboko has a railway station on the Camrail system , on the branch linking the national capital Yaoundé with Ngaoundéré . The station is located in the northern suburb of Nsimeyong . The town has also a local unpaved airfield , and is crossed by the national highway N1 .
Popular culture
Eddie Murphy 's character in Trading Places dons a thinly veiled disguise as an exchange student from Cameroon named `` Nanga Eboko '' .
Notable people
Asseng Protais , playwright
Loïc Mbe Soh , Footballer
Gallery
See also
Communes of Cameroon
Rail transport in Cameroon
References
External links
Populated places in Centre Region ( Cameroon )
Communes of Cameroon
The Golem is a novel written in 1969 by Isaac Bashevis Singer that was first published in The Jewish Daily Forward . It was rewritten and translated into English in 1981 .
1969 American novels
Novels by Isaac Bashevis Singer
Novels first published in serial form
Works originally published in American newspapers
Yiddish-language literature
1969 children 's books
The Men 's 3 metre springboard competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 27 and 28 June 2022 .
Results
The preliminary round was started on 27 June at 09:00 . The semifinal was started on 27 June at 16:00 . The final was sheld on 28 June at 16:00 .
Green denotes finalists
Blue denotes semifinalists
References
Men 's 3 metre springboard
Elizabeth Cervantes ( ; born August 1 , 1973 ) is a Mexican actor of films and soap operas . They studied acting in Casa del Teatro and Centro de Formacion Actoral of TV Azteca .
Filmography
Cine
El Infierno - La Lupe ( 2010 )
Oscura Seduccion ( 2010 )
De la infancia - Xaviera ( 2009 )
Borderland - Anna ( 2007 )
Mas que a nada en el mundo - Emilia ( 2006 )
Fuera del cielo - Rebeca ( 2006 )
Febrer - Cristina ( 2004 )
Volverás - Martha ( 2003 )
Television
Los Rey - Paola Garces Garza de Rey ( 2012 )
Drenaje Profundo - Rita ( 2010 )
Vivir por ti - Natalia ( 2008 )
Decisiones ( 2007 )
Marina - Sara ( 2006 )
Gitanas - Érendira ( 2004 )
El alma herida - Bertha ( 2003 )
La duda - Valentina ( 2002 )
Amores ... Querer con Alevosía - Matilde Morales ( 2001 )
Asi en el barrio como en el cielo - estrella lopez de lopez ( 2015 )
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
21st-century Mexican actores
Mexican film actores
Mexican telenovela actores
People educated at Centro de Estudios y Formación Actoral
Alexander F. Donoghue ( 1863–1931 ) was a Major League Baseball player . They played outfielder and shortstop for the 1891 Philadelphia Phillies of the National League . They played in the minor leagues from 1886 through 1896 .
External links
1863 births
1931 deaths
Major League Baseball outfielders
Major League Baseball shortstops
Philadelphia Phillies players
19th-century baseball players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Altoona Mountain Cities players
Canton Nadjys players
Washington Senators ( minor league ) players
Altoona Mountaineers players
Lebanon Cedars players
Atlanta Firecrackers players
St. Paul Saints ( Western League ) players
Altoona Mud Turtles players
Lancaster Chicks players
Allentown Goobers players
New Haven Texas Steers players
Hanover Tigers players
Bridgeton ( minor league baseball ) players
ie.Merge ( also spelled I-Emerge , I.Emerge , ie.MERGE and ie.MERG , and also known as Blesd ) is an American hip hop turntablist who won the 2004 and 2005 DMC World DJ Championships . They have won nine American national titles and four world titles , and is known for their highly technical routines .
Early history
Growing up in Northern New Jersey , Merge ( aka Micheal Weinstein ) was heavily influenced by the New York City hip hop scene . At the age of 13 they began DJing local parties and practicing at home . At 17 they met a group of B-boys ( Break dancers ) in Naples Florida met best friend Omar ( B-boy Omar ) Lopez where they learned to B-boy and then took the aggressive style of B-boy battling and applied it to Djing . They practiced along with artists such as former X-ecutioner Mista Sinista and Q-Bert , they are also influenced by other genres as well , such as drum n bass , rock , jazz and soul .
DJing
Merge began to enter DJ battles , and was known for their aggression and technique . Shortly after winning the 2002 ITF US Advancements , Merge was inducted into the respected DJ crew – the 5th Platoon . In 2002 , they became active at the Scratch DJ Academy , a DJ school in New York City founded by the late Jam Master Jay . Merge became Head Professor , developing the curriculum now taught in the scratch/juggling class .
Championships
From 2002–2005 , Merge won 35 DJ battles . Since 2002 , Merge has won 10 national titles and 5 world titles , more titles in 3 years than any other DJ . They have won every prominent US title , becoming America 's top DJ in 2003 and 2004 at Guitar Center 's annual Spinoff .
World Champion
They have gained world championship titles in every world DJ competition . Merge won the 2004 2005 DMC World Championship in their 2nd year of participation in the competition , ending a four-year hiatus of American winners . They became the seventh American to wear the DMC World championship crown , after DJ Cheese , Roc Raida , Mix Master Mike , DJ Cash Money , Q-Bert and Craze .
2004 DMC World DJ Championships . The 2004 championships took place on Sunday 5 September 2004 at Carling Apollo Hammersmith , London , United Kingdom .
2005 DMC World DJ Championships . The 2005 championships took place on Monday 26 September 2005 at Hammersmith Palais , London , United Kingdom .
References
External links
DMCWorld.com
Guitar Center World Champion 2004/2005
American hip hop DJs
Living people
Musicians from New Jersey
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Alur also spelled as Alooru is a town and the taluk headquarters of Alur Taluk in Hassan district in the state of Karnataka , India . It is 14 km from Hassan City . Alur town is offset by 2km from National Highway-75 . Alur has a railway station , named `` Alur Halt '' , located on Mangalore-Hassan line . But no train stops at this station .
Demography
As per 2001 census , Alur has a population of 4961 .
Gallery
See also
Ajjenahalli , Alur
References
Cities and towns in Hassan district
Robert Charles Orlan ( born September 28 , 1990 ) is a left-handed-throwing , right-handed batting professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent .
In high school in Virginia , they were All-District as a pitcher as a junior , All-State as a utility player as a senior , and All-District Academic three years . They were drafted by the Washington Nationals in the 30th round of the 2012 Major League Baseball draft out of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . In 2016 , they led the Class A-Advanced Carolina League in holds , with eight .
They pitched for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic , in March 2017 .
Early life
Orlan was born in Bryn Mawr , Pennsylvania , grew up in Glen Allen , Virginia , and is Jewish . They are the son of Adam and Margie Orlan . Their father ran for the Wolverines track team at the University of Michigan , and became a corporate executive in New York . Their paternal grandfather was Herbert Orlan , who was born in the Bronx , New York , to Abraham and Flora ( Rothouse ) Orlansky , and their paternal grandmother is Marilyn Orlan .
High school
Orlan attended Deep Run High School ( 2009 ) in Glen Allen , where they pitched and played first base and outfield for the baseball team while batting right-handed . They were All-District as a pitcher as a junior , All-State as a utility player as a senior , and All-District Academic three years . They threw a fastball , circle change , curveball , and slider . They were timed at 7.41 in the 60-yard dash . They were drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 44th round of the 2009 Major League Baseball draft from Deep Run High School , but did not sign and instead elected to attend college .
College
For college , Orlan attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , where they majored in Management and pitched for the Tar Heels . As a first-year student in 2010 , they pitched 12.1 innings . In the summer of 2010 they pitched for the Bourne Braves of the Cape Cod League , and had a 3.06 ERA . As a sophomore in 2011 , in 32 games they were 2-0 with a 3.79 ERA , striking out 24 batters in 19 innings . In the summer of 2011 they again pitched for the Bourne Braves , and had a 1.50 ERA with 21 strikeouts in 18 innings .
As a junior in 2012 , in 38 games ( leading the Atlantic Coast Conference ) Orlan was 8-1 with a 2.21 ERA , striking out 66 batters in 57 innings as they walked 11 hitters . They were drafted by the Washington Nationals in the 30th round of the 2012 Major League Baseball draft from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , and signed in January 2013 .
Minor leagues
They began their professional career in 2013 with the Auburn Doubledays of the A ( Short ) New York-Penn League , starting 11 of the 13 games in which they pitched , and going 1-5 with a 3.65 ERA . In 2014 Orlan pitched again for Auburn , going 1-0 with a 4.19 ERA in 17 relief appearances as they struck out 37 batters in 34.1 innings , and pitched for the Hagerstown Suns of the A South Atlantic League , going 0-2 with a 6.28 ERA in 6 relief appearances as they struck out 21 batters in 14.1 innings .
In 2015 Orlan pitched again for Hagerstown , going 3-1 with a 3.23 ERA and 4 saves in 27 relief appearances as they stuck out 68 batters in 55.2 innings , and pitched for the Potomac Nationals of the Class A-Advanced Carolina League , going 0-0 with a 2.20 ERA and a save in 8 relief appearances while striking out 17 batters in 16.1 innings . In 2016 , they again pitched for the Potomac Nationals , going 5-6 with a 3.93 ERA and 8 holds ( leading the league ) in 41 relief appearances ( 4th in the league ) as they held their opponents to a .211 batting average .
In 2017 , Orlan began the season pitching for the Potomac Nationals , and was 2-1 with a 3.21 ERA with 5 saves and 29 strikeouts in 28 innings . They were promoted to the Harrisburg Senators of the AA Eastern League , where they were 1-3 with a 5.09 ERA and 24 strikeouts in 23 innings .
The Cleveland Indians drafted Orlan in the minor league Rule 5 draft in December 2017 . Orlan pitched for five minor league teams in 2018 , primarily for the Akron RubberDucks in the AA Eastern League , going 1-0 with 3 saves and an 0.61 ERA in 23 games over 29.2 innings , in which they walked 7 batters and struck out 39 .
The Indians re-signed Orlan to a minor league contract for the 2019 season on October 25 , 2018 . The deal included an invitation to the Indians ' 2019 major league spring training camp . In 2019 they pitched for the Columbus Clippers of the Class AAA International League , and was 0-2 with a 7.53 ERA in 14.1 innings . Orlan was released by the Indians on May 14 , 2019 .
World Baseball Classic ; Team Israel
Orlan was on the roster to pitch for Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic qualifier . Although they did not pitch , their father was quoted saying `` I am very proud of Team Israel , it has been a fun experience . ''
Orlan pitched for Team Israel at the 2017 World Baseball Classic main tournament in March 2017 . They relieved in two games , getting five outs while giving up one hit and one earned run .
See also
List of Jewish baseball players
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Auburn Doubledays players
Baseball players from Virginia
Bourne Braves players
Hagerstown Suns players
Harrisburg Senators players
Jewish American baseball players
North Carolina Tar Heels baseball players
Potomac Nationals players
2017 World Baseball Classic players
People from Henrico County , Virginia
21st-century American Jews
The 1988 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season . The team was coached by Tom Osborne and played their home games in Memorial Stadium in Lincoln , Nebraska .
Schedule
Roster and coaching staff
Depth chart
Game summaries
Texas A & M
Utah State
UCLA
Arizona State
UNLV
Kansas
Oklahoma State
Kansas State
Missouri
Iowa State
Colorado
Oklahoma
Miami
Rankings
Awards
NFL and pro players
The following Nebraska players who participated in the 1988 season later moved on to the next level and joined a professional or semi-pro team as draftees or free agents .
References
Nebraska
Nebraska Cornhuskers football seasons
Big Eight Conference football champion seasons
Nebraska Cornhuskers football
Archelaos Katerinis ( full name Gymnastikos Athlitikos Syllogos Archelaos Katerinis , GAS Archelaos Katerinis - ) is a Greek multisport club based in Katerini . The club has sport departments in various sports , but the most successful is the handball team . The handball team has won two Greek cups .
History
Archelaos Katerinis was founded in 1956 . Initially the club had also a basketball team . This team was merged with Pierikos in 2008 and it continues as Archelaos-Pierikos B.C . The most successful team of the club is the handball team . The handball team of Archelaos was founded in 1980 and it has won 2 Greek Cups ( 1990 , 1994 ) and was one time the finalist of the championship . In the recent season , Archelaos finished in second place of A2 Ethniki Handball but it was promoted to A1 replacing Ionikos Nea Filadelfeia that withdrew .
Recent seasons
Honours
Greek Cups
Winner ( 2 ) : 1990 , 1994
References
Archelaos Katerinis
Hemibagrus dongbacensis is a species of bagrid catfish found in Vietnam .
References
Nguyen , V.H. , 2005 . Cá nước ngọt Việt Nam . Tâp II . [ Freshwater fishes of Vietnam ] . Hà Nội : Nhà xuất bản nông nghiệp , 760 p .
Bagridae
Fish of Asia
Fish of Vietnam
Taxa named by Nguyễn Văn Hảo
Fish described in 2005
The 2012 Dominion of Canada Northern Ontario Provincial Men 's Curling Championship was held February 5–12 at the Soo Curlers Association in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario . The winning team of Brad Jacobs represented Northern Ontario at the 2012 Tim Hortons Brier in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .
Teams
Standings
Results
Draw 1
February 5 , 2:30 PM ET
Draw 2
February 5 , 7:30 PM ET
Draw 3
February 6 , 2:00 PM ET
Draw 4
February 6 , 7:30 PM ET
Draw 5
February 7 , 2:00 PM ET
Draw 6
February 7 , 7:30 PM ET
Draw 7
February 8 , 2:00 PM ET
Draw 8
February 8 , 7:30 PM ET
Draw 9
February 9 , 2:00 PM ET
Draw 10
February 9 , 7:30 PM ET
Draw 11
February 10 , 9:30 AM ET
Playoffs
3 vs. 4
February 10 , 2:00 PM ET
1 vs. 2
February 10 , 7:30 PM ET
Semifinal
February 11 , 2:00 PM ET
Final
February 11 , 7:30 PM ET
References
2012 Tim Hortons Brier
Sport in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario
Curling in Northern Ontario
2012 in Ontario
February 2012 sports events in Canada
Sascha Rabe ( born 31 October 1985 ) is a German former competitive ice dancer . With partner Rina Thieleke , they finished in twelfth place at the 2005 World Junior Championships and won the silver medal at the 2005–2006 ISU Junior Grand Prix event in Japan . With later partner Tanja Kolbe , they are the 2009 German national bronze medalist .
Programs
With Kolbe
With Thieleke
Results
JGP = ISU Junior Grand Prix
With Kolbe
With Thieleke
References
External links
Tanja Kolbe / Sascha Rabe Tracings.net
Rina Thieleke / Sascha Rabe Tracings.net
German male ice dancers
1985 births
Figure skaters from Berlin
Living people
21st-century German politicians
20th-century German people
The Assistant Chief of the General Staff and Army Chief of Staff is a senior role in the British Army .
Responsibilities
The Assistant Chief of the General Staff supports the Chief of the General Staff in their responsibilities , sets the conditions for the British Army to contribute to success on operations , ensures coherence across the 'Defence Lines of Development ' and develops the Army of the Future . The officer is an Army Board member responsible for the Army 's international engagement strategy and the British Army 's internal and external communications policy . As the Army 's senior officer in the Ministry of Defence , they or they provide the gearing between the Ministry of Defence and Army Headquarters . The title of the existing ACGS will be renamed as Director Engagement and Communications ( D E & C ) on 3 September 2018 . The responsibilities of D E & C will deliver the British Army 's communications , both internally , across Defence , across Government , and to the UK public and international partners . On the other hand , the role of the Assistant Chief of the General Staff ( ACGS ) and Army Chief of Staff ( ACOS ) will be responsible for directing and delivering the Army 's input into Defence planning . The current Director Strategy , Major General James Swift , will attain the title of ACGS and ACOS and their previous title of Director Strategy will disappear .
Assistant Chiefs
Assistant Chiefs of the Imperial General Staff :
Major-General Laurence Carr ( 1939–1940 )
Major-General Arthur Percival ( Apr 1940 – Jul 1940 )
Major-General Desmond Anderson ( May 1940 – Jul 1940 )
Lieutenant-General Gordon Macready ( Oct 1940 – Jun 1942 )
Major-General Daril Watson ( Jun 1942 – Dec 1942 )
Major-General John Evetts ( Dec 1942 – Aug 1944 )
Major-General John Kennedy ( Oct 1943 – Feb 1945 )
Major-General Vyvyan Evelegh ( Aug 1944–1945 )
Major-General Frank Simpson ( Feb 1945 – Feb 1946 )
Assistant Chiefs of the General Staff :
Major-General William Jackson ( 1968–1970 )
Major-General Ian Gill ( 1970–1972 )
Major-General Frank Caldwell ( 1972–1974 )
Major-General Hugh Cunningham ( 1974–1975 )
Major-General Henry Roper ( 1975–1978 )
Major-General Ian Baker ( 1978–1980 )
Major-General Maurice Johnston ( Jan 1980 – Dec 1980 )
Major-General Robert Pascoe ( 1980–1983 )
Major-General Laurence New ( 1983–1984 )
Major-General John MacMillan ( 1984–1987 )
Major-General Charles Guthrie ( 1987–1989 )
Major-General Richard Swinburn ( 1989–1990 )
Major-General Roger Wheeler ( 1990–1992 )
Major-General Michael Walker ( 1992–1994 )
Major-General Timothy Granville-Chapman ( 1994–1996 )
Major-General Michael Willcocks ( 1996–1999 )
Major-General Kevin O'Donoghue ( 1999–2001 )
Major-General Richard Dannatt ( 2001–2002 )
Major-General David Richards ( 2002–2005 )
Major-General Bill Rollo ( 2005–2007 )
Major-General Simon Mayall ( 2007–2009 )
Major-General James Bucknall ( 2009–2010 )
Major General Richard Barrons ( 2010–2011 )
Major-General James Everard ( 2011–2013 )
Major-General David Cullen ( 2013–2015 )
Major-General Nick Welch ( 2015–2018 )
Major General Rupert Jones ( Jan 2018–Sep 2018 )
Major General James Swift ( Sep 2018–Nov 2018 )
Major General Ralph Wooddisse ( November 2018-March 2021 )
Major General Nick Perry ( March 2021–2022 )
Major General Charles Collins ( 2022–present )
References
Senior appointments of the British Army
Patrick S. Claridge ( July 12 , 1938 – March 8 , 2012 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions and Calgary Stampeders .
College career
Claridge lettered at Washington from 1958-60 . They were leading receiver and Most Improved Player on the 1960 team , which went 10-1 while beat Minnesota in the Rose Bowl 17-7 and was awarded the national championship by the Helms Athletic Foundation .
CFL career
They won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964 . They played college football at the University of Washington with their brother Bruce , who also played in the CFL . They were later a business person following their retirement from football . Claridge died of Alzheimer 's disease in 2012 .
References
1938 births
2012 deaths
Businesspeople from Vancouver
Canadian football ends
American football ends
Canadian players of American football
Washington Huskies football players
BC Lions players
Calgary Stampeders players
Players of Canadian football from British Columbia
Sportspeople from Vancouver
Redux may refer to :
Arts and media
Redux ( literary term ) , an adjective meaning `` brought back , restored '' used in literature , film and video game titles
`` Redux '' ( The X-Files ) , a two-part episode of The X-Files
`` Redux '' ( Homeland ) , an episode of Homeland
Redux ( album ) , an album by Adam Ant
Redux ( EP ) , an EP by Amebix
Redux : Dark Matters , a Dreamcast video game subsequently released online
Other uses
Redux ( adhesive ) , an aircraft adhesive
Redux ( drug ) , a weight-loss drug withdrawn in 1997
Redux ( JavaScript library ) , a JavaScript library for managing state of user interfaces
See also
Redus , surname
Remix
Redox
Sasthram Jayichu Manushyan Thottu ( ) is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by A . B. Raj and produced by T. E. Vasudevan . The film stars Prem Nazir , Jayabharathi , Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair . The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy .
Cast
Prem Nazir as Prakash
Jayabharathi as Sulochana
Adoor Bhasi as Ramakrishnan
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Doctor
Sankaradi as Kurup
T. R. Omana as Prakash 's Mother
Raghavan as Venugopalan
Paravoor Bharathan as Sulochana 's Father
Paul Vengola as Gopalan
Radhadevi
Santha Devi as Sulochana 's Mother
Ushakumari as Suvarna
Soundtrack
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
The 2016–17 Portland State Vikings men 's basketball team represented Portland State University during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Vikings , led by eighth-year head coach Tyler Geving , played their home games at the Peter Stott Center as members of the Big Sky Conference . They finished the season 15–16 , 7–11 in Big Sky play to finish in a tie for eighth place . As the No . 8 seed in the Big Sky Tournament , they defeated Northern Arizona in the First Round before losing to top-seeded North Dakota in the Quarterfinals .
On March 16 , 2017 , the Vikings announced that they had parted ways with head coach Tyler Geving after 8 seasons . The school then hired Santa Clara associate head coach and ex-Portland State assistant Barret Peery as the new head coach on April 10 .
Previous season
The Vikings finished the 2015–16 season 13–18 , 8–10 in Big Sky play to finish in eighth place . They defeated Northern Colorado in the First Round of the Big Sky Tournament to advance to the Quarterfinals where they lost to Weber State .
Departures
Incoming Transfers
2016 incoming recruits
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Big Sky regular season
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Big Sky Tournament
See also
2016–17 Portland State Vikings women 's basketball team
References
Portland State Vikings men 's basketball seasons
Portland State
Portland State Vikings men 's basketball
Portland State Vikings men 's basketball
Port
Port
UTC+04:00 is an identifier for a time offset from UTC of +04:00 . In ISO 8601 , the associated time would be written as 2019-02-07T23:28:34+04:00 . This time is used in :
As standard time ( year-round )
Principal cities : Abu Dhabi , Dubai , Baku , Tbilisi , Yerevan , Samara , Muscat , Port Louis , Victoria , Saint-Denis , Stepanakert
Europe
Eastern Europe
Russia – Samara Time
Southern Federal District
Astrakhan Oblast
Volga Federal District
Samara Oblast
Saratov Oblast
Udmurtia
Ulyanovsk Oblast
Caucasus region
Armenia – Armenia Time ( used DST in 1981–2012 )
Including Artsakh
Azerbaijan – Azerbaijan Time ( used DST in 1981–2016 )
Georgia – Georgia Time
Except Abkhazia and South Ossetia
Georgia moved from zone UTC+04:00 to UTC+03:00 on June 27 , 2004 , then back to UTC+04:00 on March 27 , 2005 .
Asia
Middle East
Oman – Time in Oman
United Arab Emirates – United Arab Emirates Standard Time
Africa
France
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Crozet Islands
Scattered Islands in the Indian Ocean
Glorioso Islands and Tromelin Island
Réunion
Mauritius – Mauritius Time
Mauritius tried DST in 2008 but decided not to continue
Seychelles – Seychelles Time
Discrepancies between official UTC+04:00 and geographical UTC+04:00
Areas located in UTC+04:00 longitudes using other time zones
Using UTC+03:00
Qatar
Bahrain
Yemen
Socotra , the largest island in the Socotra Archipelago
The easternmost part of Al-Mahrah
Saudi Arabia
The easternmost part of Syarqiyah
Russia
Most of Franz Josef Land , Yuzhny Island , and most of Severny Island ( with an exception of the very east )
Some parts of the Russian mainland ( Komi Republic , Nenets Autonomous Okrug , east of Kirov Oblast and Tatarstan )
Using UTC+03:30 and DST UTC+04:30
Most parts of Iran
Using UTC+04:30
Western parts of Afghanistan
Using UTC+05:00
Turkmenistan
Kazakhstan
Aktobe
Kyzylorda
Parts of Mangystau , Atyrau , and West Kazakhstan
Uzbekistan
Most parts of the country , including Samarkand
Pakistan
Western parts , including Karachi
Russia
Bashkortostan , Orenburg Oblast , Perm Krai , most parts of the Ural Federal District
Using UTC+06:00
Kazakhstan
Kostanay
A smaller part of Turkistan
Western parts of Karaganda , Akmola , and North Kazakhstan
Areas located outside UTC+04:00 longitudes using UTC+04:00 time
Areas between 37°30 ' E and 52°30 ' E ( `` physical '' UTC+03:00 )
Caucasus region :
Georgia , excluding Abkhazia and South Ossetia
Armenia and Artsakh
Azerbaijan
Russia , with parts of its territories :
Astrakhan , Samara , Saratov and Ulyanovsk ( with an exception of the very east )
Western half of the of Udmurtia
United Arab Emirates
The westernmost region of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi
Seychelles
Aldabra Group
Cosmoledo Atoll
Farquhar Group
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Crozet Islands
References
UTC offsets
William E. Andrew is the seventh chancellor of the University of Prince Edward Island , Canada . They were elected in 2004 .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Canadian university and college chancellors
University of Prince Edward Island
Academics in Prince Edward Island
Siddiq Mohammed Manzul ( ) ( 1932 – 11 April 2003 ) was a Sudanese footballer who played with Al-Hilal Club . They participated in the first Africa Cup of Nations in 1957 and again in 1959 .
Honours
Club
Al-Hilal Club
Khartoum League : 1953 , 1955 , 1958 , 1959 , 1960 , 1961 , 1963
International goals
References
1932 births
2003 deaths
Sudanese footballers
Sudan international footballers
1957 African Cup of Nations players
1959 African Cup of Nations players
Association football forwards
Al-Hilal Club ( Omdurman ) players
People from Omdurman
Hillside High School is a comprehensive community four-year public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Hillside , in Union County , New Jersey , United States , operating as the lone secondary school of the Hillside Public Schools . The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools .
As of the 2020–21 school year , the school had an enrollment of 861 students and 83.2 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student–teacher ratio of 10.3:1 . There were 431 students ( 50.1 % of enrollment ) eligible for free lunch and 58 ( 6.7 % of students ) eligible for reduced-cost lunch .
Awards , recognition and rankings
The school was the 250th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine 's September 2014 cover story on the state 's `` Top Public High Schools '' , using a new ranking methodology . The school had been ranked 166th in the state of 328 schools in 2012 , after being ranked 217th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed . The magazine ranked the school 287th in 2008 out of 316 schools . The school was ranked 262nd in the magazine 's September 2006 issue , which surveyed 316 schools across the state .
Programs
In 2001 , students from David Brearley High School and Hillside High School collaborated to develop literary and art projects about bigotry presented at an exhibit , `` Making Connections : Two Culturally Diverse Schools Address Prejudice and Hatred by Studying the Holocaust Together . '' The exhibit was presented at Kean University , and was viewed together with local Holocaust survivors and concentration camp liberators .
History
The district established a high school program at Central Grammar School , which was completed in 1917 , prior to which Hillside students in grades 9-12 attended Elizabeth High School . The current high school facility was constructed in 1940 , allowing students in grades 10-12 to be served at the new Hillside High School , at which time the Coe Avenue ( A.P . Morris ) School became a grammar school . Additions were later added to accommodate the baby-boomers of the 1950s and 1960s . In the mid-sixties the high school held some 1,500 students .
Athletics
The Hillside High School Comets compete in the Union County Interscholastic Athletic Conference , which is comprised of public and private high schools in Union County and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey undertaken by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association ( NJSIAA ) . Before the 2010 realignment , the school had participated in the Mountain Valley Conference , which consisted of public and private high schools in Essex and Somerset and Union counties . With 634 students in grades 10-12 , the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes , which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range . The football team competes in Division 2A of the Big Central Football Conference , which includes 60 public and private high schools in Hunterdon , Middlesex , Somerset , Union and Warren counties , which are broken down into 10 divisions by size and location . The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II South for football for 2018–2020 .
The football team won the North II Group II state championship in 1985 and won the Central Jersey Group II championship in 2017-2019 . In 1985 , the Hillside Comets football team finished with an 11–1 record and a North II Group II state championship with a 13-12 win against Madison High School in the sectional title game . After knocking off the second and third seeds in the first two rounds , the seventh-seeded Hillside team won its second North II Group II state sectional championship with a 20-13 win at High Point Solutions Stadium against top-seeded and previously undefeated Point Pleasant Borough High School in the final game of the 2017 tournament playoff . In 2018 , the team defeated Manasquan High School by a score of 36-10 to win the Central Jersey Group II title . The 2019 team used two late touchdowns to win its third consecutive Central Jersey Group II title with a 14-10 win against West Deptford High School in the championship game and went on to finish the season with a 12-0 record with a 25-3 win against Cedar Creek High School in the South / Central regional bowl game .
The boys ' basketball team won the Group II state championships in both 1990 and 1992 , defeating Middle Township High School in the tournament final in both years . Winning a state title for the first time in six finals matches , the 1990 team scored on two foul shots with two seconds left in the game to win the Group II state title with a 50-48 victory against Middle Township in the championship game played at the Rutgers Athletic Center and advanced to the Tournament of Champions as the sixth seed , falling to number-three McCorristin Catholic High School by a score 76-49 in the quarterfinals to finish the season with a record of 27-3 . The 1992 team came back from a 15-point deficit in the fourth quarter and won the Group II title in overtime by a score of 62-60 against Middle Township in the championship game played at Rutgers University .
In 2011 , the Hillside High School cheerleading team , under coach Keyla Silva , won the title of State Champions at the NJCDCA competition in Trenton in the Intermediate Varsity division . After this victory the cheerleaders held this title for three years in a row , repeating as state division champion in 2012 and 2013 .
Administration
The school 's principal is Christine Sidwa . Them administration team includes two vice principals .
Notable alumni
Clint Bolick ( born 1957 , class of 1975 ) , Associate Justice of the Arizona Supreme Court .
Hiram Chodosh ( born 1962 ) , Fifth president of Claremont McKenna College in Claremont , California .
David Jones ( born 1968 ) , former NFL tight end who played for the Los Angeles Raiders in 1992 .
Marc Leepson ( born 1945 , class of 1963 ) , journalist , historian , author of Saving Monticello , Flag : An American Biography , Desperate Engagement and editor of the Webster 's New World Dictionary of the Vietnam War .
Adrienne A. Mandel ( born 1936 ) , politician who represented the 19th District in the Maryland House of Delegates for more than ten years .
Rollie Massimino ( born 1934 , class of 1952 ) , coach at Hillside who went on to become a college basketball coach , best known for leading the Villanova Wildcats to an NCAA championship in 1985 .
Jerron McMillian ( born 1989 ) , NFL safety for the Green Bay Packers .
Kendall Ogle ( born 1975 ) , linebacker who played in the NFL for two seasons with the Cleveland Browns .
Alan Paul ( born 1949 ) , Grammy Award-winning singer and composer , best known as one of the founding members of the current incarnation of the vocal group The Manhattan Transfer .
Arthur Seale ( born 1946 , class of 1964 ) , responsible for the kidnapping and murder of Sidney Reso , the Vice President of International Operations for Exxon on April 29 , 1992 .
Marquis Spruill ( born 1991 ) , football linebacker .
Dan Studney ( born 1941 , class of 1959 ) , former track and field athlete who competed in the javelin throw , winning a gold medal for the United States at the 1963 Pan American Games .
Hela Yungst ( 1950–2002 ) , Miss New Jersey 1971 , representing the state in the Miss America Pageant . They changed their name to Hela Young and became the New Jersey Lottery representative on television .
References
External links
Hillside High School
Hillside Public Schools
School Data for the Hillside Public Schools , National Center for Education Statistics
1940 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1940
Hillside , New Jersey
Public high schools in Union County , New Jersey
Wyoming Highway 152 ( WYO 152 ) was a Wyoming State Road located in central Goshen County that served the community of Yoder and areas south and west of the community .
Route description
Wyoming Highway 152 began its western end southwest of Yoder at an intersection with three Goshen county routes ; County Route 124 ( west ) , County Route 128 ( south ) , and County Route 202 ( north ) . From there Highway 152 headed east until it intersected the western terminus of Wyoming Highway 153 , where then WYO 152 turned north towards Yoder . WYO 152 turned east then north again before reaching Yoder and intersected the southern end of Wyoming Highway 154 in Yoder . WYO 154 heads west , as WYO 152 turned east and left Yoder , crossing the Fort Laramie Canal a mile before reaching its eastern end at an intersection with U.S. Route 85 and Wyoming Highway 161 just east of Yoder .
Major intersections
References
External links
Wyoming State Routes 100-199
WYO 152 - Goshen CR 124 to WYO 153
WYO 152 - WYO 153 to WYO 154
WYO 152 - WYO 154 to US 85/WYO 161
Transportation in Goshen County , Wyoming
152
Edward Johnson Phelps ( 18 April 1863 , Andover , Massachusetts - 9 August 1938 , New Monterey , California ) family had been settled in Massachusetts from the earliest times and are alleged to be of noble descent . Edward 's father , the Rev . Austin Phelps was a graduated of the University of Pennsylvania and studied for a year at the Yale Divinity School . Austin was professor of sacred rhetoric at the Andover Theological Seminary for over thirty years .
Edward Phelps attended Yale College , where they graduated in 1886 . During that time they took an interest in sports , being a member of the Freshman Football Team and was also Chairman of the Yale Literary Magazine . They were a member of Eta Phi , Delta Kappa Epsilon , Chi Delta Theta , the Political Science Club and Skull and Bones . Due to their ability as a public speaker , Phelps was entered into the De Forest Medal Contest in their senior year . They were beaten by Evans Woollen , who like Phelps spoke on `` The American Tory in the Revolution '' After their senior year , Phelps enrolled at the Yale Graduate School and received an MA in 1888 . During the years 1887 and 1888 , they also engaged in the insurance business in Chicago .
With an MA to their name , Phelps entered the offices of the New Haven Morning News as a reporter and was later promoted to the position of telegraph editor . The following year , they were appointed reporter and chief editor of the Hartford Courant . Phelps was not to stay in Connecticut for long , for in 1890 they made their way to Chicago , where they engaged in editorial and financial work at the Chicago Herald . They left the Chicago Herald in 1895 , to pursue a career , using the financial skills they had picked up . They were picked up by the Northern Trust Safe Deposit Company of Chicago , where they were secretary , treasurer and general manager until 1923 . From 1923 to their retirement in 1929 , they were a director and President of the company . Phelps became well known in safe deposit circles , being made President of the Illinois Safe Deposit Association and Chairman of the National Safe Deposit Advisory Council . From 1895 to 1897 , Phelps was secretary of Chicago 's First Civil Service Commission .
Phelps was heavily involved in the affairs of Yale throughout their life . They were secretary and treasurer of the Yale Scholarship Trust of Chicago , in 1905 ; President of the Yale Club of Chicago , from 1910 to 1911 ; represented the Yale Club of Chicago on the Alumni Board , from 1910 to 1916 ; and was a director of the Yale Publishing Association . They also took an interest in a high school in Winnetka , Illinois .
References
1863 births
1938 deaths
People from Andover , Massachusetts
Yale University alumni
American reporters and correspondents
Writers from Massachusetts
The Ministry of Justice ( ) is a cabinet ministry of Yemen .
Introduction
Established in 1963 , the Ministry of Justice of Yemen seeks to develop an independent judiciary by overseeing operations such as fiscal and administrative services . Additionally , the ministry is responsible for tasks such as the following :
Drafting laws that not only affect the judicial system but also the ministry as a whole
Facilitating a professional relationship amongst the judiciary , authorities , and legal practitioners
Representing Yemen in regional and international seminars that pertain to the judiciary and law-related matters
Although the names sound similar , the Ministry of Justice differs from the Ministry of Legal Affairs in that the latter focuses on human rights and civic freedom for Yemeni citizens .
List of ministers
Abdul Rahman Yahya Al-Iryani ( 1962–1963 )
Mohammed Ali Al-Akwaa ( 1963–1964 )
Mohamed Ismail El Hadji ( 1964–1965 )
Mohammed bin Mohammed Al-Mansour ( 1966–1967 )
Mohamed Ismail El Hadji ( 1967–1969 )
Ali bin Ali al-Samman ( 1969–1970 )
Hussein Ali Marfaq ( 1970–1971 )
Ali bin Ali al-Samman ( 1972–1973 )
Mohamed Ismail El Hadji ( 1973–1974 )
Ali bin Ali al-Samman ( 1974–1978 )
Ismail Ahmed Al Wazir ( 1978–1980 )
Mohsen Mohammed Al-Olafi ( 1980–1983 )
Ahmed Mohamed El-Gobi ( 1983–1988 )
Mohsen Mohammed Al-Olafi ( 1988–1990 )
Abdul Wassa Ahmed Salam ( 1990–1993 )
Abdulla Ahmed Ghanem ( 1993–1994 )
Abdul Wahab Lutf Aldilmi ( 1994–1997 )
Ismail Ahmed Al Wazir ( 1997–2001 )
Ahmed Abdullah Akabat ( 2001–2003 )
Adnan Omar Al-Jafri ( 2003–2006 )
Ghazi Shaaf al-Aghbari ( 2006–2011 )
Murshid Ali Al-Arshani ( 2011–2014 )
Khaled Omar Bajunaid ( 2014–2016 )
Ahmed Abdullah Akabat ( 2016–2017 )
Jamal Mohammed Omar ( 2017–present )
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Yemen
References
1963 establishments in Yemen
Justice
Yemen
Yemen
Barcelona Zoo ( Parc Zoològic de Barcelona in Catalan , Parque Zoológico de Barcelona in Spanish ) is a zoo in the Parc de la Ciutadella in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain . The zoo used to be internationally known as the home of Snowflake , the only known albino gorilla , who died in 2003 .
Animals and exhibits
The zoo 's attractions include a primate house , a terrarium , a `` Land of Dragons '' featuring Komodo dragons and an `` Aquarama '' for dolphin shows .
The park has 4 dolphins : Anak ( F ) , Blau ( M ) , Tumay ( M ) and Nuik ( M ) .
2014 mauling
On 8 December 2014 , a 45-year-old man jumped into the lion enclosure . They were bitten and scratched , but was rescued and eventually recovered from the injuries .
COVID-19 pandemic
On 8 December 2020 , four lions at the zoo tested positive for COVID-19 .
Notes
External links
Nature conservation in Catalonia
Zoos in Spain
Buildings and structures in Barcelona
Tourist attractions in Barcelona
Zoos established in 1892
Sandymount ( ) is an affluent coastal suburb in the Dublin 4 district on the Southside of Dublin in Ireland .
Etymology
An early name for the area was Scal 'd Hill or Scald Hill . During the 18th century , there was a village called Brickfield Town on the site of Sandymount Green ; this took its name from Lord Merrion 's brickfields , which stretched from here to Merrion at the time . The Irish name Dumhach Thrá is more recent than the one in English and approximately translates as sandy ground or sand dune of a beach .
Geography
Sandymount is located between 3 and 4 km south-east of Dublin 's city centre . At the northern end it begins where Newbridge Avenue meets Herbert Road , running to Church Avenue at the coast , west along the DART rail line , and south to Merrion Gates . Sandymount Promenade runs along the coast road ( Strand Road ) from Sandymount Strand , down to Merrion Gates . It lies a little south of the Great South Wall in Dublin Bay .
The River Dodder passes nearby to the west , and three streams , the Elm Park , Nutley and Trimleston , come to the coast to the south , but any pollution of these affects Sandymount Strand . In the past , the Nutley Stream came to the coast in what is now Sandymount , and severe flooding occurred on the old course in 1963 .
Neighbouring suburbs are Ballsbridge , Merrion and Irishtown .
Transport
The area is served by the ( DART ) commuter rail system and two stops are located in the area , Sandymount and Sydney Parade . It is served by bus routes 1 , 18 and 47 . It was once served by routes 2 , 3 which ceased operation and were replaced with routes 1 on 12 May 2012 and 52 which ceased operation in 1998 .
Both railway stations on the electrified ( DART ) suburban railway system were originally opened in January 1835 by the Dublin and Kingstown Railway and continue to this day .
Amenities
Sandymount Green
Sandymount Green is a triangular park located next to the village . The houses along the south side of the green are part of what once was Sandymount Castle and the roads behind this bear the name . There are shops , restaurants and cafés around the green .
Sandymount Strand
The extensive Sandymount Strand , which is part of the South Bull , ( a mirror to the North Bull sandbank , which grew into North Bull Island ) , is a major component of the south side of Dublin Bay . The strand runs from the curve of the bay at Ringsend to Merrion Gates . Sandymount Strand is a popular place for locals to take a walk . People and cars have been occasionally trapped by the incoming tide .
The promenade is a 2.5 km walkway along the coast from Gilford Avenue to Saint Alban 's Park , however , there are plans to lengthen the promenade to connect with the S2S Sandycove to Sutton Cycleway .
Baths
The Merrion Promenade Pier and Baths Co. built Sandymount swimming baths in 1883 . The baths measured approximately 40 by 40 metres , with a 75-metre pier added in 1884 . The pier featured a bandstand halfway along it and summer concerts were regularly held there for many years . By 1920 , the pier had deteriorated so much that it had to be demolished . The concrete baths section , which resembles a small harbour out on the sands , remains ; the baths still remain in Sandymount but they have fallen into disrepair mainly by storm damage .
Martello Tower
About halfway along the strand is the Sandymount Martello tower , part of a system of defences built to warn of an invasion by Napoleon . The Tower was a popular cafe in the 1960s . An attempt to turn the tower into a restaurant led to the installation of a large window with roller blinds on the seaward side of the tower . The restaurant never opened , leaving the tower with the modified window , and landscaped exterior abandoned on the strand . It is one of approximately 29 Martello Towers in the Greater Dublin Area and the closest to Dublin City and port .
Sport and leisure
The area of Sandymount has three cricket clubs - YMCA ( the 2020 All-Ireland champions ) , Pembroke and Railway Union , and a number of internationals line out for these clubs . For example , when Ireland beat England in an ODI in Southampton in August 2020 , six of the 11 players were members of these three clubs , including captain Andy Balbirnie , and Kevin O'Brien , who in 2011 ( also in a win over England ) scored the fastest ever century in a World Cup . The three clubs have 14 men 's teams and a large ( more variable ) number of youth and women 's teams . Kim Garth , who has played for Perth Scorchers in the WBBL and is currently seeking to qualify for Australia women , was a member of Pembroke before leaving for a contract in Australia .
The Gaelic Athletic Association club Clanna Gael Fontenoy operates in the area , with grounds between Sandymount , Irishtown and Ringsend , and attracts some players from Sandymount , although a majority come from Irishtown and Ringsend .. Gaelic football , hurling and Camogie have become popular in the Sandymount area with over 350 families in the wider area ( including Irishtown and Ringsend ) being members of the club . This club has seen much success , at both club and county levels . In 2019 and 2021 the U16 Football teams became Champions of Dublin , and several players on both those teams are from Sandymount .
The sport of rugby is also prominent in the area , with local clubs including Monkstown F.C . and Railway Union . There are also two gymnasia/fitness clubs .
Hockey is also represented by Pembroke Wanderers H.C. on Serpentine Avenue , in the area since 1922 .
Epworth Badminton Club has club nights twice a week in the village and also runs a summer club .
parkrun
Poolbeg parkrun takes place every Saturday at 9:30 at Sean Moore Park .
Religion
The Church of Ireland Church of St John of the Evangelist is located at the top of St John 's Road . The Catholic church in Sandymount is dedicated to Our Lady Star of the Sea and is near the north end of Sandymount Road . Christ Church , on Sandymount Green , is a united Methodist and Presbyterian church , which appoints a minister from either denomination alternately and Mount Tabor nursing home shares the grounds of the church .
The area is also home to a house of the Franciscan Missionary Sisters for Africa .
Governance
Sandymount is within the jurisdiction of Dublin City Council . It is in the Dublin Bay South constituency and the Pembroke Ward .
History
Sandymount was once part of Pembroke Township , which took its name from the fact that this area was part of the estate of the Earl of Pembroke .
People
The following people were born in Sandymount :
John S. Beckett ( 1927–2007 ) , musician , composer and conductor
Bryan Dobson ( born 1960 ) , newscaster
Shay Healy ( 1943–2021 ) , writer and broadcaster
Róisín Ingle ( born 1971 ) , journalist , columnist and podcaster
Valentin Iremonger ( 1918–1991 ) , poet and diplomat
Freda Kelly ( born 1944 ) , secretary and manager of The Beatles fan club
Aengus Ó Snodaigh ( born 1964 ) , TD , ( Teachta Dála )
Kevin O'Brien ( born 1984 ) , Irish international cricketer
Ruairi Quinn ( born 1946 ) , former TD , ( Teachta Dála ) and former Cabinet Minister
Annie P. Smithson ( 1873–1948 ) , novelist
Hilary Weston ( born 1942 ) , model and entrepreneur
W. B. Yeats ( 1865–1939 ) , poet
The following live or have lived in Sandymount :
Fionnbar Callanan , sports photographer and journalist
Christopher Casson ( 1912–1996 ) , actor
Risteárd Cooper , actor and comedian
Pat Cox , former MEP and broadcaster
Lucinda Creighton ( born 1980 ) , former TD , ( Teachta Dála ) and former Leader of Renua Ireland
Declan Darcy , former Leitrim and Dublin Gaelic footballer
Ron Delany ( born 1935 ) , Olympic 1500m Gold medal winner
Elizabeth Dunne ( born 1956 ) , Supreme Court Judge
Mary Harney ( born 1953 ) , former TD , ( Teachta Dála ) , former Cabinet Minister and member of the Progressive Democrats
Seamus Heaney ( 1939–2013 ) , poet
Kevin Humphreys ( born 1958 ) , former TD , ( Teachta Dála )
Brendan Kennelly ( born 1936 ) , poet , novelist , playwright and professor emeritus of Trinity College Dublin
Enda Kenny ( born 1951 ) , Taoiseach lived here ( 1994–1997 )
Charles Lysaght , author and journalist
Donagh MacDonagh ( 1912–1968 ) Poet , playwright , broadcaster , folklorist , district justice
Brinsley MacNamara ( 1890–1963 ) , author
T. P. McKenna ( 1929–2011 ) , actor
Dermot Morgan ( born 1952 ) , Irish comedian , actor
Peter Murphy ( 1923–2011 ) , radio and television broadcaster
Sinead O'Connor ( born 1966 ) , musician and actor
Geoffrey Molyneux Palmer ( 1882–1957 ) , composer
Noel Purcell ( 1900–1985 ) , actor
Eoin Ryan Snr ( 1920–2001 ) , member of Seanad Éireann
Ivan Yates ( born 1959 ) , broadcaster , former TD , ( Teachta Dála ) and former Cabinet Minister
Popular culture
Literary references
Sandymount Strand is the most famous beach in Irish fiction , James Joyce based two episodes of their epic novel Ulysses here :
On the morning of Bloomsday , in the Proteus episode , Stephen Dedalus wanders `` into eternity '' on the strand ; later the same day , Leopold Bloom sits on a rock and watches while young Gertie lifts their skirt as Bloom pleasures himself . It was this incident in the Nausicaa episode which led to the banning of the book in the USA for alleged obscenity .
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
External links
History of Sandymount baths ' pier
Sandymount railway station
Official page on Christ Church , Sandymount
http : //sandymountpost.com
http : //www.news4.ie/
References
Towns and villages in Dublin ( city )
Townlands of County Dublin
Dublin ( barony )
The 2019–20 season is Argentinos Juniors ' 3rd consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football . In addition to the Primera División , the club are competing in the Copa Argentina , Copa de la Superliga and Copa Sudamericana .
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020 .
Review
Pre-season
Francisco González Metilli sealed their loan departure from Argentinos Juniors on 18 June 2019 , as they penned terms with newly-promoted Primera B Nacional team Estudiantes ( BA ) . They played Huracán in a friendly double-header on 26 June , losing the initial match 3–0 prior to winning the secondary encounter thanks to a goal from Iván Colman . Nahuel Rodríguez left on loan to Brown on 26 June , which preceded Gastón Bojanich going permanently to Barracas Central . Estudiantes ( BA ) were met in two pre-season matches on 29 June , with both encounters ending in 1–1 draws ; Colman and youngster Lucas Ambrogio scored for them . Gastón Machín and Leonardo Pisculichi terminated their contracts in June , subsequently sealing moves to Segunda División B side Burgos .
Leonel Mosevich , just off a season on loan in Switzerland with FC St. Gallen , was loaned out again on 29 June - to Nacional of Portugal 's LigaPro . A number of other players returned from their loan spells on and around 30 June , including Bautista Pavlovsky and Guillermo Benítez . As did the players loaned in . Santiago Silva , a Uruguayan centre-forward from Gimnasia y Esgrima , and Nicolás Silva , an Argentine right winger from Banfield , completed moves in on 1 July . Victorio Ramis , on loan from Godoy Cruz , did likewise soon after . Argentinos drew in an away friendly with Gimnasia y Esgrima on 3 July , before winning game two that day thanks to goals from Raúl Bobadilla and Elías Gómez . Right midfielder Diego Sosa switched Godoy Cruz for Argentinos on 6 July .
Gabriel Hauche and Elías Gómez netted in narrow exhibition match wins over Arsenal de Sarandí on 6 July . Left-back Mauro Maidana headed off to Mitre on 9 July .
July
Colón , also of the Primera División , were Argentinos ' first competitive opponents of 2019–20 , as they met in the first leg of a Copa Sudamericana knockout tie in Santa Fe on 11 July . Matías Romero subsequently netted the winner , as they earned a one-goal advantage for the second leg . Marcos Angeleri signed from Uruguayan outfit Nacional on 16 July . The second leg with Colón was played on 18 July , with their opponents running out one-nil winners ; therefore taking the tie to penalties , which Colón won . Argentinos had an exhibition with Villa Dálmine on 20 July , losing both encounters at the Estadio Diego Armando Maradona . Reserve player Franco Marchetti went on loan to Flandria on 22 July . In their first Primera División match , Argentinos held River Plate to a 1–1 draw .
Argentinos confirmed the exit on loan of goalkeeper Federico Lanzillota on 29 July , as they headed to Chilean football with Palestino for five months . The temporary departures of Luca Falabella ( Mitre ) and Lucas Ferraz Vila ( Fénix ) were announced on 30 July .
August
Argentinos travelled to Aldosivi for match two of the 2019–20 league campaign on 3 August , with the fixture ending without goals . Enrique Javier Borja was loaned to Belgrano on 5 August . It was reported , on 14 August , that new signing Santiago Silva had been provisionally suspended after they had failed a drugs test back in April whilst with Gimnasia y Esgrima . Argentinos later revealed Silva was going through fertility treatment with their partner at the time of the test . Argentinos continued their undefeated start in the Primera División with a victory over Banfield on 16 August , with Gabriel Hauche grabbing the decisive goal . Argentinos fought San Martín in the Copa Argentina in Salta on 21 August , with El Bicho progressing on penalties at the Estadio Padre Ernesto Martearena .
Santiago Silva 's ban from playing was lifted on 22 August , pending the outcome of the investigation . After no goals away to Aldosivi on matchday two , Argentinos again failed to convert as they drew with Huracán in Parque Patricios on 26 August . A goal from Marcos Angeleri helped Argentinos defeat Almagro in a friendly on 27 August . Academy graduate Matko Miljevic scored the club 's winner in a narrow victory over Gimnasia y Esgrima on 31 August .
September
Leandro Paiva was loaned out to Mexico 's Atlante on 5 September .
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020 .
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Arsenal de Sarandí , on 11 June 2019 , were the first club to be announced as a pre-season opponent for Argentinos Juniors , with the fixtures dated for 6 July . Further games with Huracán was set soon after . Argentinos ' full pre-season fixture list was confirmed on 23 June , they added encounters with Estudiantes ( BA ) and Gimnasia y Esgrima . It was also noted that all matches would be closed to the public .
Mid-season
Villa Dálmine revealed a friendly , scheduled for 20 July , with them on 19 June . They were also set to meet Mitre , though the game was later cancelled . Argentinos would face Almagro on 27 August .
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source : AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July .
Copa Argentina
San Martín were revealed as Argentinos Juniors ' opponents in the round of thirty-two of the Copa Argentina . They beat the Primera B Nacional outfit , which gave them a round of sixteen ties with Lanús .
Copa de la Superliga
Copa Sudamericana
Argentinos Juniors were drawn to face domestic rivals Colón in the Copa Sudamericana round of sixteen , with the home and away ties set for July .
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 31 August 2019 .
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Argentinos Juniors seasons
Argentinos Juniors
The Hiroshima City Museum of History and Traditional Crafts is a history museum in Ujina-nishi Park in Hiroshima , Japan .
History
Opened as a packing plant of Ujina provisions and fodder plant for Imperial Army in March 1911 .
Handed over from a private company to Hiroshima City in 1977 .
Repaired the building in 1984 .
Opened as the museum in 1985 .
Museum
Permanent exhibits
Sadaaki Senda and Ujina Port – started in 1884 , completed in 1889
History of the plant building – from 1894 to 1985
Oyster farming – since 1532–1555
Laver farming – since Edo period
Yagi irrigation channel – opened in 1768 by Hiroshima Han
Rice farming
Hemp production – started in the 10th century , peaked in 1919 , finished in the 1950s .
Kamoji production – old comb for women – since 1624
Japanese Umbrella production – since 1615 , peaked in 1920
Geta ( footwear ) production – since 1622
Textile production of Antheraea yamamai cocoon
Wooden boat building
Life with the fire
Special exhibitions
Educational programs
Saturday school
Summer school for junior and senior high school students
Special events
Experience room
Publications
Access
Hiroden Ujina 2-chome Station
Hiroshima Bus Miyuki 2-chome or Bay City Ujina bus stop
External links
Explore Hiroshima : Hiroshima City Museum of History and Traditional Crafts
The City of Hiroshima : Hiroshima City Museum of History and Traditional Crafts
Museums established in 1911
Museums established in 1985
Museums in Hiroshima
History museums in Japan
Folk art museums and galleries in Japan
1985 establishments in Japan
Petalura gigantea , the giant dragonfly or south-eastern petaltail , is one of the world 's largest dragonflies , with the males having an abdomen 6-7.5 cm long and a wingspan up to 11 cm , while females have an abdomen 8-9.5 cm long and a wingspan up to 12.5 cm .
The giant dragonfly occurs along the east coast of NSW from the Victorian border to northern NSW , and is not found west of the Great Dividing Range . There are known occurrences in the Blue Mountains and Southern Highlands , in the Clarence River catchment , and on a few coastal swamps from north of Grafton to Nadgee in the south . It is unusual not only in size , but also in having predominantly terrestrial habits at the larval stage . The giant dragonfly is listed as endangered under the NSW Threatened Species Conservation Act . This listing was transferred to the equivalent schedules under the Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016 ( NSW ) from August 2017 .
Petalura gigantea is a species of dragonfly in the family Petaluridae .
Petalura gigantea usually rests in sedges or shrubs while in copula , this usually occurs within a wetland area or an ecosystem based on peat ( the accumulation of decayed vegetation or organic matter .
Gallery
See also
List of Odonata species of Australia
References
External links
Giant Dragonfly - Wingecarribbee
ABC Online - Giant Dragonflies
South-eastern Petaltail at Faunanet
Petaluridae
Odonata of Australia
Insects of Australia
Endemic fauna of Australia
Taxa named by William Elford Leach
Insects described in 1815
Assassin 's Creed : Embers is a 2011 Canadian animated short film created by UbiWorkshop , based on the Assassin 's Creed video game franchise . It serves as a conclusion to the story of Ezio Auditore da Firenze , the protagonist of Assassin 's Creed II , Brotherhood , and Revelations , who has also featured in several other works . Taking place in 1524 , twelve years after the events of Revelations , the film depicts an elderly Ezio living a peaceful life with their family in rural Tuscany after retiring from the Assassin Order , until the appearance of a mysterious Assassin threatens to put their family in danger .
The film is included as a bonus in the Signature and Collector 's Editions of Assassin 's Creed : Revelations . It was later re-released on the PlayStation Store on 23 April 2015 . The film was first revealed on July 21 , 2011 , when UbiWorkshop showed a teaser trailer at Comic-Con 2011 . According to the developers , Embers is the final chapter of Ezio 's story , and although it can be watched at anytime , it is best to experience it after completing Revelations , in order to fully understand the complete tale of Ezio .
Plot
In 1524 , twelve years after finding Altaïr 's secret library , Ezio Auditore da Firenze has retired from the Assassin Order and is living a peaceful life in the Tuscan countryside with their wife Sofia and their children Flavia and Marcello while writing their memoirs . One day , a stranger appears , a Chinese female Assassin named Shao Jun , who came to Ezio to seek knowledge of their life as an Assassin . Although Ezio prefers that Jun not stay , due to their desire to leave their days as an Assassin behind , Sofia allows them to stay for the night . The next day , Ezio catches Jun reading their memoirs and bids them to leave , but relents after they ask them about what it means to be an Assassin .
While on a trip to Florence , Ezio tells Jun their story of how their father and brothers were executed in the town square , forcing them to become an Assassin , and how such a life only brings suffering . As they leave , they are attacked by a stranger , who appears to be of Asian origin as well . After killing him , Jun reveals that they are a former concubine , now on the run from servants of the Chinese Zhengde Emperor , and explains how their former master rescued them from their influence . Returning home , Ezio tells Sofia and their children to leave , knowing that others would come . They then teaches Jun the key to liberating their people from the Emperor 's influence . Later that night , Ezio 's villa is attacked by more of Jun 's enemies . Ezio and Jun manage to kill them all , although the fight exhausts Ezio . The next morning , Ezio hands Jun a small box and tells them it may come to use one day , but only if `` you lose your way '' . They then sends them away as two riders arrive at the villa .
Sometime later , Ezio journeys to Florence with Sofia and Flavia , despite suffering from heart problems . While resting on a bench , a young man with a scar on their face approaches Ezio and berates the women of Florence , reminding Ezio of their younger self . After telling Ezio to get some rest , the man leaves , just as Ezio suffers a fatal heart attack and dies in view of their family . The film ends as a final letter from Ezio to Sofia is read , saying that of all the things that kept them going throughout life , love for the world and people around them was the strongest of them all .
Voice cast
Roger Craig Smith as Ezio Auditore da Firenze
Angela Galuppo as Shao Jun and Flavia Auditore
Anna Tuveri as Sofia Sartor
Peter Arpesella as young Italian man
References
External links
2011 computer-animated films
Films based on Assassin 's Creed
2011 short films
2011 films
Canadian animated short films
Films set in Tuscany
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
The 2022 season is the Cincinnati Bengals ' 53rd in the National Football League ( NFL ) , their 55th overall and their fourth under head coach Zac Taylor . The Bengals will look to make the Super Bowl in back-to-back seasons for the first time in franchise history , after making Super Bowl LVI the previous season . Shortly before the beginning of the preseason , the Bengals renamed their stadium Paycor Stadium . The stadium had been named after the team 's founder and first head coach , Paul Brown since it opened in 2000 .
Offseason
Free agents
Unrestricted
Restricted
Exclusive-Rights
Signings
Releases
Draft
The Bengals acquired a 7th round selection ( 226th overall ) from the New York Giants
The Bengals acquired a 2nd round selection ( 60th overall ) from the Buffalo Bills in exchange for a 2nd round selection ( 63rd overall ) and a 6th round selection ( 209th overall ) .
The Bengals acquired a 5th round selection ( 166th overall ) from the Chicago Bears in exchange for a 6th round selection ( 174th overall ) and a 7th round selection ( 226th overall ) .
Staff
Current roster
NFL Top 100
Preseason
Regular season
Schedule
Notes
Intra-division opponents are in bold text .
Networks and times from Weeks 5–15 are subject to change as a result of flexible scheduling ; Week 8 is exempt , as it occurs on a Monday .
The date , time and network for Week 18 will be determined at the end of Week 17 .
Game summaries
Week 1 : vs. Pittsburgh Steelers
The Bengals started the 2022 season against their division rival Steelers in Cincinnati . The Steelers scored first in the first quarter when Minkah Fitzpatrick returned an interception 31 yards for a touchdown to make it 7-0 . The Bengals made it 7-3 when Evan McPhearson made a 59-yard field goal . The Steelers then went ahead 10-3 after Chris Boswell kicked a 20-yard field goal . In the second quarter , the Steelers moved ahead 17-3 after Mitchell Trubisky found Najee Harris on a 1-yard touchdown pass . The Bengals drew closer at halftime when McPhearson made a 26-yard field goal to make it 17-6 . After the break , the Bengals came within 3 in the third quarter when Joe Burrow found Tyler Boyd on a 2-yard touchdown pass ( with a successful 2-point conversion ) to make it 17-14 . In the fourth quarter , the Steelers moved ahead by 6 when Boswell kicked a 48-yard field goal to make it 20-14 . Later on in the quarter , the Bengals tied the game when Burrow found Ja'Marr Chase on a 6-yard touchdown pass ( with a blocked PAT ) to send the game into overtime tied at 20-20 . After going back and forth on possessions , the Steelers managed to win the game when Boswell kicked the game winning 53-yard field goal with seconds left to make the final score 23-20 .
With their 3-game winning streak against the Steelers snapped , the Bengals started the season 0-1 . Wins by the Browns and Ravens would leave them at the bottom of the AFC North . Joe Burrow committed 5 turnovers throughout the course of the game ( 4 interceptions , 1 lost fumble ) .
Week 2 : at Dallas Cowboys
Despite a fourth quarter comeback , the Bengals allowed the Cowboys to claim the win by marching down the field in the dying seconds of the game . With the loss , Cincinnati dropped to 0–2 . This marked the third 0–2 start in four seasons , as well as the first team since the 2015 Seattle Seahawks to start 0–2 after playing in the Super Bowl the year prior . This also marked the first 0–2 start by a defending AFC champion since the 1999 Denver Broncos started 0–4 after winning Super Bowl XXXIII .
Week 3 : at New York Jets
Week 4 : vs. Miami Dolphins
Week 5 : at Baltimore Ravens
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Cincinnati
Cincinnati Bengals seasons
Cincinnati Bengals
Ian James Laurance ( born 30 April 1940 ) is a former Australian politician who was a Liberal Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1974 to 1987 , representing the seat of Gascoyne . They were a minister in the governments of Sir Charles Court and Ray O'Connor , and briefly served as deputy leader of the Liberal Party ( from 1986 to 1987 ) .
Early life
Laurance was born in Northam , in the Wheatbelt , but was educated in Perth , attending Perth Boys ' School and John Curtin Senior High School . They went on to study at Graylands Teachers College and the University of Western Australia , subsequently working as a country schoolteacher . Laurance married Barbara Anne Berry ( the daughter of George Berry ) in 1964 , with whom they had two children . They left teaching in 1970 to work for the Prudential Assurance Company , which brought them back to Perth .
Politics
A longtime member of the Liberal Party , Laurance stood for parliament at the 1974 state election , winning the seat of Gascoyne . After the 1977 election , they were made a parliamentary secretary in the Court ministry . They were elevated to the ministry after the 1980 election , although they were an honorary minister rather than a substantive one . Following the resignation of Sir Charles Court in January 1982 , Laurance was appointed Minister for Lands , Minister for Forests , and Minister for Conservation and Environment in the new ministry formed by Ray O'Connor . Their time in cabinet was brief , however , as the Liberal government was defeated at the 1983 election . Laurance continued to serve in the Liberal shadow ministry until leaving parliament in September 1987 , serving under three leaders of the opposition ( Ray O'Connor , Bill Hassell , and Barry MacKinnon ) . They were elected deputy leader of the party in November 1986 , when MacKinnon replaced Hassell as leader , but was in the position for less than a year before retiring .
Later life
After leaving politics , Laurance initially worked as a company director . They later served as chairperson of several state government agencies , including the Midland Redevelopment Authority ( from 2000 to 2004 ) , the Tourism Council of Western Australia ( from 2006 to 2008 ) , and the Perth Convention Bureau ( from 2009 to 2016 ) .
References
|-
1940 births
Living people
Australian schoolteachers
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Members of the Order of Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People educated at John Curtin College of the Arts
People from Northam , Western Australia
Avdan is a village in the District of Çamlıdere , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
This is a list of commercial banks in the Gambia
Access Bank Gambia
Arab Gambia Islamic Bank
Banque Sahélo-Saharienne pour l'Investissement et le Commerce
Ecobank Gambia
First Bank Nigeria ( Gambia ) Limited
FiBank Limited
Guaranty Trust Bank Gambia
MegaBank Gambia Limited
Skye Bank Gambia
Standard Chartered Bank
Tong Shang International Commercial Bank ( Gambia )
Trust Bank Gambia Limited
Zenith Bank Gambia Limited
See also
List of banks in Africa
Central Bank of The Gambia
List of companies based in The Gambia
References
External links
Website of Central Bank of The Gambia
Banks
Gambia
Gambia
Professor Xavier and the X-Men is an American comic book series featuring the X-Men published by Marvel Comics for 18 issues from November 1995 to April 1997 .
Publication history
The comic was part of Marvel 's experimental 99 cents comics line , which was meant to attract new , young readers who might have been put off by the then US $ 1.50/1.95 standard prices for comic books . The line was also known for the series Untold Tales of Spider-Man , but was ultimately financially unsuccessful , with all of the books being cancelled by 1997 .
The series focused on stories from the era of the original X-Men of the 1960s , and started off with a contemporary remake of The X-Men # 1 with new dialogue and art that was told from the point of view of Jean Grey . The series generally focused on retelling old stories from perspective of specific characters , including both heroes and villains . There were also a number of flashback stories regarding the characters .
The concept of the series to tell stories regarding the original five X-Men was later reused by X-Men : The Hidden Years and X-Men : First Class . The Brian Bendis series All-New X-Men also featured the original X-Men , who had been brought to the present to observe a completely changed world .
Characters
Professor X
Angel
Beast
Cyclops
Iceman
Marvel Girl
References
1995 comics debuts
X-Men titles
Dichlorisone is a synthetic glucocorticoid corticosteroid which was never marketed .
References
Organochlorides
Diols
Diketones
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Abandoned drugs
Sakaler Rang ( 2009 ) is a Bengali film directed by Suvamoy Chattopadhyay . This was first movie of Suvamoy as a director . This budget of the film . Because of this reason Suvamoy had to take burden of almost all the departments of the film .
Plot
Prananath aspires to educate the children of their village and goes to the city to earn and send back money for books . Eventually , the village gets a school , but the locals are in for some shocking news .
Cast and crew
Cast
Taranga Sarkar as Prananath .
Paulomi DeSakina .
Monu Mukhopadhyay as Teacher .
Churni Ganguly as Bhabi .
Crew
Direction : Suvomoy Chattopadhyay
Producer : Srabanti ( Dona ) Das .
Music direction : Suvomoy Chattopadhyay
Lyrics : Suvomoy Chattopadhyay
Story : Suvomoy Chattopadhyay
Screenplay : Suvomoy Chattopadhyay
Editor : Suvomoy Chattopadhyay
References
2009 films
Bengali-language Indian films
2009 directorial debut films
2000s Bengali-language films
Gastonia Township is a township in south-central Gaston County , North Carolina , United States , bordering South Carolina .
Demography and localities
Demographics
According to the 2010 Census , 85,249 people lived in the township , the most populated in the county :
70,044 live in parts of incorporated localities :
the vast majority of the county seat Gastonia ,
the whole population of Ranlo , and
minor parts of Spencer Mountain and Lowell
15,205 live in unincorporated places , such as South Gastonia
References
Townships in Gaston County , North Carolina
Townships in North Carolina
Eubranchus amazighi is a species of sea slug or nudibranch , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Eubranchidae .
Distribution
This species was described from Agadir Harbour , Agadir , Morocco .
References
Eubranchidae
Gastropods described in 2015
Diacetolol is the primary metabolite of acebutolol . It is a beta blocker and anti-arrhythmic agent .
References
Antiarrhythmic agents
Acetanilides
Sabi Island ( Sabi Kyun or Trotter Island ) is an island in the Mergui Archipelago of Taninthayi Region , Burma ( Myanmar ) . It lies between Money Island to the south and Parker Island to the north . The narrow channel between Sabi island and Money Island is rather shallow , but the half-mile wide channel between Sabi Island and Parker Island is quite deep . The island is heavily forested and has small bays with sandy beaches on the west side . The highest point is 326 m above the sea . Whaleback Reef , which lies about three-quarters of mile off the northeast part of the island , is exposed about 8 ft. at low tide .
Notes
Mergui Archipelago
Tanintharyi Region
James `` Jim '' Logan ( born September 17 , 1933 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player .
Logan was a member of the Kitchener-Waterloo Dutchmen who won the bronze medal for Canada in ice hockey at the 1956 Winter Olympics . They were the leading scorer in the tournament with 15 points ( seven goals and eight assists ) .
Logan was born in Whitby , Ontario .
References
External links
Jim Logan 's profile at SportsReference.com
bio
1933 births
Living people
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Ice hockey players at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Whitby , Ontario
Toronto St. Michael 's Majors players
Winnipeg Warriors ( minor pro ) players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Hla Tun ( , also spelt Hla Htun ) is the incumbent Minister of the President 's Office of Myanmar ( Burma ) and a former Minister for Finance and Revenue of Myanmar . They are a retired Major General in the Myanmar Army and served as Director of Military Ordnance before they joint the Cabinet .
References
Finance ministers of Myanmar
Government ministers of Myanmar
Burmese military personnel
People from Yangon
1951 births
Living people
Union Solidarity and Development Party politicians
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List
Events
End of reign of Rudamun , Pharaoh of the Twenty-third dynasty of Egypt ( 757–754 BC )
Start of reign of Iuput , Pharaoh of the Twenty-third dynasty of Egypt ( 754–715 BC )
Births
Deaths
References
750s BC
SGPS can mean :
S-GPS , simultaneous GPS
School of Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies ( disambiguation )
Sociedade Gestora de Participações Sociais ( holding company ) , a type of legal entity in Portugal
Society of Graduate and Professional Students at Queen 's University at Kingston
Meg Jackson may refer to :
Meg Jackson ( Prisoner ) , a character in the Australian TV series Prisoner
Meg Jackson ( screenwriter ) , American screenwriter
Paul Ross Spadafora ( born September 5 , 1975 ) is an American retired professional boxer . They are the former IBF lightweight champion of the world , and has challenged once for a light welterweight world title .
Personal background
Known as `` The Pittsburgh Kid '' , Spadafora is from McKees Rocks , a borough outside of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Their childhood was poverty-stricken : their father died of a drug overdose when they were nine , and they were homeless for several weeks as a teenager . They started boxing when they were eleven , and left school in 9th grade to focus on it .
Amateur career
Spadafora had a fruitful amateur career , winning 75 of 80 bouts .
Professional career
Paul Spadafora was trained by Tom Yankello . On October 18 , 1995 , Spadafora made their professional debut , winning a four-round knockout of Steve Maddux . They won a total of four fights in their initial year .
In 1996 , they fought eight times , winning all , six by knockout . In 1997 , they fought six times , but their percentage of knockout wins dropped considerably when they only won two of those six bouts by knockout .
In 1998 , they continued their winning ways throughout the year , winning all six bouts , three by knockout . One of the KO 's took place on the exhibition bout card , featuring long-retired veteran Dan Maloney and Tim Witherspoon .
They began 1999 by raising their quality of opposition , facing the veteran Rocky Martinez . They won that fight by a unanimous decision , and after one more win they and Israel Cardona met in Chester for the I.B.F . 's vacant world crown on August 20 . An underdog in the betting lines , Spadafora nevertheless became world champion , defeating Cardona in a 12-round decision . Then they retained the title with an 11-round knockout of Renato Cornett to finish the year .
They opened 2000 with a 12-round decision over Victoriano Sosa to retain the title , and subsequently defended their title again by knockout over Mike Griffith in round 11 , and beat Billy Irwin in a 12-round decision to close the year .
By 2001 , Spadafora was already a regular on the HBO Boxing television show . They retained the title with a 12-round decision over Joel Perez and won one non-title fight that year .
They began 2002 by retaining their title over Angel Manfredy with a 12-round decision . Their only other bout that year was a 12-round decision win over Dennis Holbaek , also with their world title on the line .
Fight for unification
In 2003 , Spadafora and WBA world champion Leonard Dorin from Romania decided to meet to try to unify their world titles . They met on May 18 , but the fight was declared a draw , both boxers remaining as world champions in their respective organizations .
On June 27 of the same year , Spadafora announced they were relinquishing the IBF World Lightweight title to move to the Jr. Welterweight division because they were having trouble making weight in the Lightweight division .
Spadafora next fought on July 17 , 2004 , knocking out Costa Rica 's Francisco Campos in ten rounds .
Troubles outside the ring
Spadafora was an alcoholic from a young age and at one point also abused drugs . They pleaded guilty to aggravated assault for shooting their girlfriend Nadine Russo in the chest in October 2003 after a night of drinking , and in February 2005 was sentenced to six months in a bootcamp-style rehabilitation center . They had by then become engaged to Russo and they had borne their second child . They ultimately went to prison for the crime .
In September and October 2011 , Spadafora was twice arrested on DUI charges . The following September they pleaded guilty .
On September 23 , 2012 , their manager filed suit against them in Allegheny County court for breach of contract .
Comeback
Despite their troubles outside the ring , Spadafora repeatedly expressed their intention to return to the ring . In November 2006 they returned after a 32-month layoff to stop Jesus Francisco Zepeda in round five at the Avalon Hotel in Erie , Pennsylvania .
On April 25 , 2008 , again in Erie , Spadafora returned to the ring to fight Shad Howard . Spadafora repeatedly connected with sharp jabs and combinations en route to an 80–72 unanimous decision .
In 2010 they defeated Italian boxer Ivan Fiorletta by knock out . In August 2012 they defeated Humberto Toledo .
One April 6 , 2013 , Spadafora defeated Robert Franckel for the NABF Super Lightweight Championship .
Their record stands at 49–1–1 with 19 knockouts .
Titles in boxing
|-
References
External links
Official Website
Boxers from Pennsylvania
1975 births
Living people
People from McKees Rocks , Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Pennsylvania
International Boxing Federation champions
People of Calabrian descent
American people of Italian descent
American boxers of Italian descent
American male boxers
Lightweight boxers
H. Richard Greene ( sometimes credited as `` Richard Greene '' ) is an American film , television , and stage actor , acting coach , and guest professor at UCLA .
Career
Television Roles
They have appeared in TV shows such as Matlock , According to Jim , Ally McBeal , Boston Legal , Cold Case , The Mentalist , NYPD Blue , Cybill , The Wonder Years , and as Senator Robert Royce on The West Wing .
They were also on Mad Men , earning positive reviews for their role .
They played `` Cary Russell '' , the name derived from Cary Grant and Jane Russell but the character itself a parody of Bruce Willis 's character David Addison in Moonlighting , in the penultimate and controversial episode of Riptide called `` If You Ca n't Beat Em , Join Em '' shortly before its cancellation , in part due to being beaten in the ratings by Moonlighting . This episode drew a lot of press attention at the time , with both Entertainment Tonight and the Los Angeles Times running features on the episode . Interestingly enough , they would later appear in the actual Moonlighting as a different character .
Film Roles
They have appeared in several TV movies , including Journey of the Heart ( 1997 ) , and a few feature films , including a small role in the summer blockbuster Armageddon ( 1998 ) .
Stage Roles
In their New York debut , they received critical acclaim as MacDuff in Macbeth with Rip Torn and Geraldine Page . Their Broadway credits include The Survivor , Romeo and Juliet , and the international tour of Neil Simon 's Brighton Beach Memoirs , directed by Gene Saks . They were a resident member of the Repertory Theatre of Lincoln Center , and portrayed The Headmaster in The Ahmanson 's production of The History Boys on the West Coast .
Voice Roles
Their voice work includes narrating an episode of the children 's TV programme , Rugrats .
Greene provided the English voice of Hot Coldman in Metal Gear Solid : Peace Walker and the voice of James Johnson in Metal Gear Solid 2 : Digital Graphic Novel .
Teaching
They are a Guest Professor at UCLA 's School of Theatre , Film and Television .
Personal life
They married actor Lynn Milgrim in 1980 . The two had recurring roles as Jim and Evelyn Cooper , Winnie Cooper 's parents , on The Wonder Years .
References
External links
H. Richard Greene ( as Richard Greene ) on the Internet Broadway Database
Living people
American male film actors
American male television actors
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American male stage actors
American male voice actors
American acting coaches
University of California , Los Angeles faculty
The winners of the Star Screen Awards for Best Story are listed below :
List of Winners
See also
Screen Awards
Screen Awards
Bangladesh Athletics Federation is the national federation for athletics and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh . Abdur Rokib Mantu is the General Secretary of the Bangladesh Athletics Federation . A.S. M Ali Kabir . is the President of the Federation .
History
Bangladesh Athletics Federation was established in 1972 after the independence of Bangladesh by the Sheikh Mujibur Rahman cabinet . The Federation holds practices at the Bangabandhu National Stadium . The tracks on the stadium were damaged and in 2020 , events were held in Chittagong due to the damage at Bangabandhu National Stadium .
References
Athletics in Bangladesh
National members of the Asian Athletics Association
1972 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1972
Athletics
Organisations based in Dhaka
Turnalı , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Reynaldo Villar Umali ( February 26 , 1957 – January 7 , 2021 ) was a Filipino politician who served in the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2010 to 2019 representing the 2nd district of Oriental Mindoro . They ran as governor of Oriental Mindoro during the 2019 Philippine gubernatorial elections but lost to Humerlito Dolor .
Early life and education
Umali was born on February 26 , 1957 in Quezon City to Alfonso Umali Sr. , a governor of Oriental Mindoro , and Alberta Villar-Umali . They are the brother of Representatives Alfonso Umali and Ma . Victoria Umali of A Teacher Partylist .
Umali attended San Beda University for their elementary and secondary education . They earned their Bachelor of Arts in Economics degree from Ateneo de Manila University and their Bachelor of Laws degree from Manuel L. Quezon University . They also studied at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles where they obtained a certificate program in Executive Management .
They passed the Philippine Bar Examination in 1988 and was a member of the Lambda Rho Beta fraternity .
Career
Umali was a practicing lawyer before they entered government service . Their first government job was at the National Economic and Development Authority where they worked as an economist and division chief . They also worked for former Representative Gerardo Cabochan of Caloocan as their legislative chief of staff . They served as the director of the Presidential Agrarian Reform Council Secretariat from 1990 to 1992 . From 2005 to 2010 , they worked at the Bureau of Customs as its legal office chief and as deputy commissioner . During their term as Customs Deputy Commissioner , they and their team drafted the Customs Modernization and Tariff Act . They were also the executive director of the bureau 's Run After the Smugglers ( RATS ) program .
Congressman
Umali was first elected to Congress in 2010 as a Liberal Party candidate . They replaced their brother who was in their third consecutive term and was ineligible to run . During their term in the 15th Congress , they were the vice chairperson of the House Committees on Constitutional Amendments , Good Governance and Public Accountability , Justice , and Ways and Means ; and member of the Committees on Appropriations , Aquaculture and Fisheries Resources , Games and Amusements , Information and Communications Technology , National Cultural Communities , Social Services , Suffrage and Electoral Reforms , and Tourism . They also pushed for the impeachments of former Ombudsman Merceditas Gutierrez and Chief Justice Renato Corona . During the Corona impeachment trial , they were a member of the prosecution team and was the lead prosecutor of the 8th article of impeachment .
Umali ran for a second term in 2013 again under the Liberal Party where they became the deputy spokesperson of the party 's National Political Council . During the 16th Congress , they were chairperson of the House Committee on Energy and co-chairperson of the Joint Congressional Power Commission .
In the 2016 House of Representatives elections , Umali still ran under the Liberal Party . However , in July 2016 , they left the party and joined the ruling PDP–Laban of President Rodrigo Duterte . During the 17th Congress , they were the chairperson of the House Committee on Justice which tackled the impeachment proceedings of then-Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno and the investigation regarding the New Bilibid Prison drug trafficking scandal . Being the Justice Committee chair , they also served as an ex-officio member of the Judicial and Bar Council .
After serving three consecutive terms in Congress , Umali was barred from running another term . In the 2019 gubernatorial elections , they ran as governor of Oriental Mindoro under the Partido Federal ng Pilipinas but lost to PDP–Laban candidate Humerlito Dolor .
Personal life and death
Umali was married to Ma . Linda Tantoco-Umali and had six children .
On December 12 , 2020 , Umali went for a medical check-up following previous visits that had diagnosed them with having fatty liver disease . During that check-up , Umali tested positive for COVID-19 and was also found to have Stage 3 liver cancer . After a few days , their condition aggravated into Stage 4 liver cancer and they were later admitted to the intensive care unit on December 21 . On December 26 , they were intubated and on the morning of January 7 , 2021 , they went into cardiac arrest and died .
References
1957 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Filipino lawyers
San Beda University alumni
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Oriental Mindoro
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines
Liberal Party ( Philippines ) politicians
PDP–Laban politicians
Partido Federal ng Pilipinas politicians
JAG ( U.S. military acronym for Judge Advocate General ) is an American legal drama television show with a distinct U.S. Navy and Marine Corps theme , created by Donald P. Bellisario , and produced by Belisarius Productions in association with Paramount Network Television ( after 2006 known as CBS Studios ) . The first season was co-produced with NBC Productions .
Originally pitched towards the studio , network , and later also marketed for audiences as a Top Gun meets A Few Good Men hybrid series , the pilot episode of JAG first aired on NBC on September 23 , 1995 , but the series was later canceled on May 22 , 1996 , after finishing 79th in the ratings , leaving one episode unaired . Rival network CBS picked up the series for a Mid-season replacement , beginning on January 3 , 1997 . For several seasons , JAG climbed in the ratings and was on the air for nine additional seasons . JAG furthermore spawned the hit series NCIS , which in turn spun off NCIS : Los Angeles , NCIS : New Orleans , and NCIS : Hawaiʻi .
In total , 227 episodes were produced over 10 seasons . At the time of the original airing of its fifth season in the United States , JAG was seen in over 90 countries worldwide . JAG entered syndication in early 1999 .
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 ( 1995–96 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , and Tracey Needham as Meg Austin . Patrick Labyorteaux and John M. Jackson both have continuous arcs throughout the season . Catherine Bell guest stars in one episode , Andrea Parker recurs .
Season 2 ( 1997 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb . Catherine Bell joins the main cast as Sarah MacKenzie , alongside Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts , and John M. Jackson as A.J . Chegwidden . Steven Culp and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Chuck Carrington recurs .
Season 3 ( 1997–98 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , Catherine Bell as Sarah MacKenzie , Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts , and John M. Jackson as Admiral AJ Chegwidden . Steven Culp and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Tracey Needham guest stars in a flashback , Chuck Carrington recurs .
Season 4 ( 1998–99 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , Catherine Bell as Sarah MacKenzie , Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts , and John M. Jackson as Admiral AJ Chegwidden . Steven Culp , Trevor Goddard and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Mae Whitman guest stars , Chuck Carrington recurs .
Season 5 ( 1999–2000 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , Catherine Bell as Sarah MacKenzie , Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts , and John M. Jackson as Admiral AJ Chegwidden . Steven Culp , Trevor Goddard , Randy Vasquez and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Mae Whitman guest stars , Chuck Carrington recurs .
Season 6 ( 2000–01 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , Catherine Bell as Sarah MacKenzie , Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts , and John M. Jackson as Admiral AJ Chegwidden . Steven Culp , Trevor Goddard , Randy Vasquez and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Mae Whitman and Andrea Parker guest stars in one episode , Chuck Carrington recurs .
Season 7 ( 2001–02 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , Catherine Bell as Sarah MacKenzie , Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts , and John M. Jackson as Admiral AJ Chegwidden . Steven Culp , Trevor Goddard , Zoe McLellan , Scott Lawrence , Nanci Chambers , Randy Vasquez and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Chuck Carrington recurs .
Season 8 ( 2002–03 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , Catherine Bell as Sarah MacKenzie , Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts , and John M. Jackson as Admiral AJ Chegwidden . Steven Culp , Zoe McLellan , Scott Lawrence , Nanci Chambers , Randy Vasquez and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Tamlyn Tomita guest stars , Chuck Carrington recurs .
Season 9 ( 2003–04 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , Catherine Bell as Sarah MacKenzie , Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts , and John M. Jackson as Admiral AJ Chegwidden . Steven Culp , Zoe McLellan , Scott Lawrence , Randy Vasquez and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Chuck Carrington guest stars .
Season 10 ( 2004–05 )
This season stars David James Elliott as Harmon Rabb , Catherine Bell as Sarah MacKenzie , and Patrick Labyorteaux as Bud Roberts . Scott Lawrence joins the main cast as Sturgis Turner , alongside Zoe McLellan as Jennifer Coates . Steven Culp , David Andrews and Karri Turner have continuous arcs throughout the season . Jordana Spiro , Meta Golding and Chris Beetem also star .
US television ratings
Seasonal rankings ( based on average total viewers per episode ) of JAG from Nielsen ratings on NBC ( first season ) and CBS ( other seasons ) .
Note : U.S. network television seasons generally start in late September and end in late May , which coincides with the completion of the May sweeps .
JAG had generally an older skewing audience : for the 2002-2003 season , the median age viewer was 58 ( the same figure was also held by other CBS shows Becker and The Guardian ) . As a comparison , for the same season , Law & Order and Law & Order : Special Victims Unit on NBC had a median of 50 , while The Practice and NYPD Blue on ABC had a median of 48 . However , as the article in Broadcasting & Cable states : `` fewer broadcast network primetime series than [ 2013 ] had median age audiences over 50 ''
Home media
JAG was not available on DVD ( or VHS , with the singular exception of the pilot movie , which was given a VHS release by Paramount Home Video in 1998 ) during the course of its original run . It was suggested that a syndication deal with the USA Network possibly prevented Paramount from issuing DVD releases . Before it did happen in 2006 , JAG was the second most requested TV series not commercially available on the TVShowsOnDVD website .
See also
NCIS ( franchise )
CBS All Access
References
External links
JAG at CBS
JAG ( TV series )
JAG
`` In the Heat of the Night '' is a 1985 song by German singer Sandra , written by Michael Cretu , Hubert Kemmler , Markus Löhr and Klaus Hirschburger , and produced by Cretu . Kemmler also provided backing vocals on this recording as well as numerous Sandra 's songs in the 80s .
`` In the Heat of the Night '' was released in November 1985 as the second single from Sandra 's debut album The Long Play , as a follow-up to their no . 1 European hit `` ( I 'll Never Be ) Maria Magdalena '' . The single was a major commercial success , reaching the top 5 in numerous countries , including Germany , Switzerland and Sweden , where it peaked at no . 2 . It was a top 20 hit in the pan-European sales and airplay charts at the turn of 1985 and 1986 . In Germany and Austria , it was a top 5 and a top 10 airplay hit , respectively . It remains one of Sandra 's biggest hits .
In 1999 , the song was remixed for the compilation My Favourites and released as a promotional vinyl single in France . It was remixed again for the 2006 compilation Reflections , and subsequently in 2007 for the special edition of Reflections released in France . The 2007 remixes were released as a digital single . In 2016 , `` In the Heat of the Night '' ( Tropical Future Remix ) was released as a digital single to promote the new greatest hits collection The Very Best of Sandra .
Music video
The music video was directed by Michael Bentele and pictures Sandra performing the song in a steamy sauna , surrounded by bare-chested men . The clip was released on Sandra 's VHS video compilations Ten on One ( The Singles ) and 18 Greatest Hits , released in 1987 and 1992 , respectively , as well as the 2003 DVD The Complete History .
Formats and track listings
7 '' single ( 1985 )
A . `` In the Heat of the Night ''
B . `` Heatwave '' ( Instrumental )
12 '' single ( 1985 )
A . `` In the Heat of the Night '' ( Extended Version ) – 7:32
B . `` Heatwave '' ( Instrumental ) – 3:48
12 '' promo single ( 1999 )
A . `` In the Heat of the Night '' ( Original Version ) – 5:07
B . `` In the Heat of the Night '' ( 99 Remix ) – 4:28
Digital download ( 2007 )
`` In the Heat of the Night '' ( Future Vision Remix - Radio Edit ) – 3:17
`` In the Heat of the Night '' ( Superfunk Remix - Radio Edit ) – 3:46
`` In the Heat of the Night '' ( Future Vision Remix - Extended ) – 7:13
`` In the Heat of the Night '' ( Superfunk Remix - Extended ) – 6:00
Digital download ( 2016 )
`` In the Heat of the Night '' ( Tropical Future Remix by masQraider ) – 4:04
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Cover versions
Finnish gothic metal band To/Die/For covered the song on their 1999 album All Eternity . When released as a single in 2000 , their version reached no . 17 in Finland .
References
External links
`` In the Heat of the Night '' at Discogs
1985 singles
1985 songs
2007 singles
2016 singles
Sandra ( singer ) songs
Song recordings produced by Michael Cretu
Songs written by Hubert Kemmler
Songs written by Klaus Hirschburger
Songs written by Markus Löhr
Songs written by Michael Cretu
Virgin Records singles
Luka Bekavac ( born 1976 ) is a Croatian writer and translator . They were born in the city of Osijek . Their novels Drenje ( 2011 ) and Viljevo ( 2013 ) have received critical acclaim . Viljevo won the Janko Polić Kamov Award in 2014 , and the EU Prize for Literature in 2015 . As a translator , Bekavac has translated works by Martin Amis , Jonathan Franzen , Alberto Toscano , Naomi Klein and Aleksandar Hemon among others .
Bekavac teaches literature at Zagreb University , and contributes regularly to media outlets and scholarly publications .
References
Croatian writers
1976 births
Living people
University of Zagreb faculty
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is a 2015 American comedy-drama film directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon and written by Jesse Andrews , based on Andrews ' 2012 debut novel of the same name . The film stars Thomas Mann , Olivia Cooke , RJ Cyler , and Jon Bernthal . The film premiered at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival to a standing ovation . It received positive reviews from critics , who praised the screenplay and cast .
Plot
17-year-old Greg Gaines ( Thomas Mann ) , who is self-described as having the face of a “ little groundhog ” , is a senior at Pittsburgh 's Schenley High School who avoids close engagement with other students . They learn that fellow student and former childhood friend of his , Rachel Kushner ( Olivia Cooke ) , has been diagnosed with leukemia and is forced by their parents ( Nick Offerman and Connie Britton ) to befriend them in their time of need . Despite an awkward first encounter on Rachel 's staircase , with neither of them truly wanting the other 's company , Greg manages to strike up a conversation about their pillow collection . They come to find their quirky personality and honesty endearing .
Greg introduces Rachel to their `` coworker '' Earl ( RJ Cyler ) ( who tells Rachel that Greg avoids calling people their friend out of fear they wo n't reciprocate ) , with whom they make short films parodying famous film titles . Despite Greg 's reluctance , Earl shares their collection with her , which they find entertaining . As Rachel begins their chemotherapy treatment and subsequently loses all of their hair , Greg begins spending less time on schoolwork and more time with and caring for them by entertaining them to lift their spirits . Though Rachel suffers through their treatment and seems to get worse and worse , Greg , who often breaks the fourth wall , assures viewers that they do not die in the end .
Madison ( Katherine C. Hughes ) , a pretty girl at school , convinces Greg and Earl to make a film dedicated to Rachel , and Rachel persuades Greg to apply to a local college . Greg continues to ignore schoolwork , and eventually school altogether , in order to finish the film . After realizing that their chemotherapy is doing more harm than good , Rachel opts to discontinue their treatment . Greg and Rachel have a heated argument over their choice where Greg accuses Rachel of giving up on themselves and in return Rachel points out their unwillingness to do anything selfless unless he 's told to do so . They leaf , devastated that they can no longer help them
In a rage , Greg confronts Earl , blaming them for the events leading to the end of their friendship with Rachel . Earl in turn admonishes Greg 's inability to care and sympathize for anyone but himself , before ultimately punching Greg after the latter dares them to . Later , Earl gives Greg a heartfelt testimonial for Rachel 's film before letting them know that he 's finished with their friendship . Greg 's admission to the college they planned to attend is later revoked due to their poor grades .
Later in the year , Greg learns that Rachel is back in the hospital and is dying . Their mom encourages them to visit them Madison invites Greg to the prom , but at the last moment , they decide to go to the hospital instead . During the journey there , Greg is asked by the limo driver if they love the girl he 's going to see , a question they find themselves unable to answer . They bring their iPhone and a portable projector and places a corsage around Rachel 's wrist before running the film they made for them on the front wall of their room . Rachel is moved to tears by the movie , but falls into a coma shortly after viewing it and dies about 10 hours later . Greg admits to the viewer that they lied about Rachel not dying , as they `` did n't think they would . ''
At their shiva , Greg is comforted by Rachel 's mom and they grieve together . Greg and Earl rekindle their friendship . During the funeral , Greg sneaks into Rachel 's room , where they find a card from their stating that they wrote to Greg 's college and explained that they missed school for them sake . It also states their wish for Greg to take any of their possessions that they please . They find several intricate carvings within their books depicting scenes of them with Greg and Earl . Greg leaves with one of the books containing a personal carving and their favorite of Rachel 's pillows .
Some time later , Greg writes their story of their time with Rachel and mails it to the college along with the film they made for them with a warning that `` the last person who saw this immediately went into a coma and DIED . ''
Greg and Earl 's Short Films
The Prunes of Wrath — The Grapes of Wrath
Raging Bullshit — Raging Bull
49th Parallelogram — 49th Parallel
Death in Tennis — Death in Venice
Eyes Wide Butt — Eyes Wide Shut
Greg and Earl 3 : The Last Crusade — Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Ate ½ ( of my sandwich ) — 8½
Anatomy of a Burger — Anatomy of a Murder
Pittsburghistquatsi — Koyaanisquatsi
Senior Citizen Cane — Citizen Kane
‘ Rear Wind — Rear Window
Second ( Helpings of Dinner ) — Seconds
Crouching Housecat , Hidden Housecat – Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon
The 400 Bros — The 400 Blows
The Lady Manishness — The Lady Vanishes
Breathe Less — Breathless
Yellow Submarine Sandwich — Yellow Submarine
The Janitor of Oz — The Wizard of Oz
Scabface — Scarface
The Seven Seals — The Seventh Seal
The Battle of All Deers — The Battle of Algiers
Mono Rash — Rashomon
It 's a Punderful Life — It 's a Wonderful Life
Hairy , Old , and Mod — Harold and Maude
The Last Crustacean of Christ — The Last Temptation of Christ
Wages for Beer — The Wages of Fear
Nose Ferret 2 : A Symphony of Horror — Nosferatu
The Fake Tricks — The Matrix
Rosemary Baby Carrots — Rosemary 's Baby
Do n't Look Now Because a Creepy-Ass Dwarf is About to Kill You ! ! ! Damn — Do n't Look Now
2:48pm Cowboy — Midnight Cowboy
uM — M ( 1931 )
My Best Actor is also a Dangerous Lunatic — My Best Fiend
My Dinner with Andre the Giant — My Dinner with Andre
ZZZ — Z ( 1969 )
Ca n't Tempt ( Because She 's Plastic ) — Contempt ( 1963 )
The Rad Shoes — The Red Shoes
Grumpy Cul-de-Sacs — Mean Streets
La Gelée - La Jetèe
The Turd Man — The Third Man
Gone with My Wind — Gone with the Wind
A Billion Years of Solitude — a spoof of Gabriel Garcia Márquez 's 1967 novel One Hundred Years of Solitude ( Although the book has never had a direct film adaptation , there is a very loose Japanese one : Farewell to the Ark )
Jurassic Skate Park — Jurassic Park ( 1993 )
A Sockwork Orange — A Clockwork Orange
Brew Vervet — Blue Velvet
Burden of Screams — Burden of Dreams
Pooping Tom — Peeping Tom
The Complete Lack of Conversation — The Conversation
Vere 'd They Go ? — Vertigo
A Box O ' Lips , Wow — Apocalypse Now
Gross Encounters of the Turd Kind — Close Encounters of the Third Kind
Cast
Thomas Mann as Greg Gaines
Gavin Dietz as young Greg
Olivia Cooke as Rachel Kushner
RJ Cyler as Earl Jackson
Edward DeBruce III as young Earl
Nick Offerman as Victor Gaines
Molly Shannon as Denise Kushner
Jon Bernthal as Mr. McCarthy
Connie Britton as Marla Gaines
Chelsea T. Zhang as Naomi
Katherine C. Hughes as Madison
Natalie Marchelletta as Anna
Matt Bennett as Scott Mayhew
Bobb ' e J. Thompson as Derrick
Hugh Jackman as Himself and Logan / Wolverine ( voice )
Karriem Sami as Limo Driver
Marco Zappala as Theater Dork
Etta Cox as Principal
Masam Holden as Ill Phil
Kaza Marie Ayersman as Rachel 's Friend
Cheryl Kline as Rabbi
Joan Augustin as Elderly Mourner
Mark Granatire as Testimonial Student # 1
Kayana White as Testimonial Student # 2
Linda Kanyarusoke as Testimonial Student # 3
Drew Palajsa as Testimonial Student # 4
Elly Silberstein as Testimonial Student # 5
Nicole Tubbs as Children 's Hospital Nurse
Arcade Matt Magnone as Toothy Goth
Production
Screenwriter Dan Fogelman decided to produce the film after reading a manuscript of the 2012 novel Me and Earl and the Dying Girl . The production company Indian Paintbrush and producers Steven M. Rales and Jeremy Dawson then got involved . Having never read or written a script before , Jesse Andrews adapted their own New York Times best-selling novel . Andrews ' screenplay appeared on the 2012 Black List of Hollywood 's best unproduced screenplays . Director Alfonso Gomez-Rejon became interested in the project after reading a leaked copy of the script . They had worked as a production assistant and second-unit director for Nora Ephron , Martin Scorsese and Alejandro González Iñárritu , and had been looking to direct their first personal film , to express their own cinematic vision and their grief for their late father .
The film was shot over a four-week period for an estimated budget of under $ 5 million . Principal photography began on June 13 , 2014 , in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ; they started filming high school scenes on June 16 . Cinematographer Chung-hoon Chung shot the film digitally using Arri Alexa cameras with prime and anamorphic lenses in a widescreen 2.35:1 aspect ratio . A Pittsburgh native , writer Jesse Andrews ' family home in Point Breeze was used as Greg 's house in the film . Rachel 's house was located in Squirrel Hill , and Earl 's house was in Braddock . Other locations included Schenley High School ( closed since 2008 ) , The Andy Warhol Museum , Copacetic Comics in Polish Hill , and a street corner in West Oakland , which served as an ice cream shop . The Criterion Collection lent its library of classic films for use in the book-and-DVD store in the film .
Brian Eno scored the film using a combination of previously unreleased recordings and a few original compositions ; Nico Muhly composed the music for the beginning high school sequence and final credits . Filmmakers Edward Bursch and Nathan O. Marsh made 21 stop motion animated and live-action short films to represent Greg and Earl 's classic film parodies , including the final short film made for Rachel set to Brian Eno 's `` The Big Ship '' . Differing from the novel , director Gomez-Rejon felt the final film should reflect Greg 's artistic growth and express their love for Rachel in an abstract way , using color , texture , and shapes , similar to the work of Stan Brakhage .
Release
Me and Earl and the Dying Girl premiered on January 25 , 2015 at the 2015 Sundance Film Festival , to a standing ovation . The film was acquired by Fox Searchlight Pictures for $ 12 million in a bidding war hours after its premiere , and won the U.S. Grand Jury Prize : Dramatic and the Audience Award for U.S . Drama at the festival . On February 24 , it was announced the film had been scheduled for a limited release on July 1 , 2015 in the United States . On March 10 , it was stated that the film would instead be released on June 12 , 2015 . The film had a gradual theatrical release , opening in 15 art house theaters , expanding to 68 , and then to more than 350 screens . The film went wide to 870 theaters during the July Fourth holiday . It was released in the UK on September 4 , 2015 .
Home media
The film was released on video on demand on September 18 , 2015 , and DVD and Blu-ray on October 6 , 2015 . The DVD and Blu-ray include an audio commentary by the director , deleted scenes with optional commentary , the film made for Rachel , Greg 's trailer , and a photo gallery . The Blu-ray also includes the featurette , This Is Where You Learn How the Movie Was Made , a conversation with Martin Scorsese and Gomez-Rejon , and a montage of Greg and Earl 's short films .
Reception
The film has received positive reviews from critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has a rating of 81 % , based on 212 reviews , with an average of 7.60/10 . The website 's consensus reads `` Beautifully scripted and perfectly cast , Me & Earl & the Dying Girl is a coming-of-age movie with uncommon charm and insight . '' The film has a score of 74 out of 100 on Metacritic , given by 40 critics , which indicates `` generally favorable reviews '' .
Indiewire gave the film a grade of A− , describing it as `` a beautifully charming , captivating knock-out '' . Peter Debruge of Variety wrote that the film `` is destined not only to connect with young audiences in a big way , but also to endure as a touchstone for its generation '' . Pamela McClintock of The Hollywood Reporter later noted that the film had failed to crossover and connect with mainstream audiences , having grossed just $ 6.2 million in the 6 weeks after its release .
Accolades
References
External links
2015 films
2010s high school films
2015 romantic comedy-drama films
2010s teen comedy-drama films
2010s teen romance films
American films with live action and animation
American high school films
American romantic comedy-drama films
American teen comedy-drama films
American teen romance films
2010s English-language films
Films about cancer
Films about death
Films about filmmaking
Films based on American novels
Films based on young adult literature
Films directed by Alfonso Gomez-Rejon
Films set in Pittsburgh
Films shot in Pittsburgh
Indian Paintbrush ( production company ) films
Sundance Film Festival award winners
2010s American films
Nallıgölcük , Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
James M. Heaps is a former UCLA Health obstetrician-gynecologist who faces criminal charges and civil lawsuits alleging they sexually assaulted and harassed patients during medical appointments . Dr. Heaps practiced medicine for over 30 years before they retired from UCLA Health in June 2018 . In May 22 , 2019 , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office charged Dr. Heaps with two felony counts of sexual battery by fraud and one felony count of sexual exploitation involving two former patients .
Education and career
Starting in February 2014 , Dr. Heaps was employed at UCLA Health . In 2016 , they were one of the highest paid University of California employees , with an annual seven-figure salary . In June 2018 , UCLA announced Dr. Heaps ' immediate retirement in a letter to patients .
Allegations of sexual assault and harassment
In 2014 , Dr. Heaps was investigated by the state medical board as well as UCLA following a complaint . A 2015 Yelp review alleged that Dr. Heaps inappropriately touched a patient 's breast . UCLA Health acknowledged publicly that medical system officials were aware of the 2015 Yelp review but did not reach out to the victim or inform police . In December 2017 , following a complaint from a patient , UCLA opened a Title IX investigation into Dr. Heaps . UCLA allowed Dr. Heaps to continue seeing patients for six more months .
In June 2018 , UCLA sent a letter to patients announcing with “ mixed emotions ” that Dr. Heaps was retiring . A year later , on May 22 , 2019 , Dr. Heaps was charged by the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office . Heaps surrendered to law enforcement and was released on their own recognizance .
UCLA response
In December 2017 , following a complaint from a patient , UCLA opened a Title IX investigation into Dr. Heaps ' alleged misconduct , which took two years to complete . The report concluded that an exam they conducted “ amounted to sexual assault and harassment. ” Once criminal charges were filed , UCLA dedicated a page on its website with information on Dr. Heaps ' investigation and allegations , along with other resources for patients . UCLA tracks the number of individuals who have contacted them about Dr. Heaps , and whether those individuals have expressed support or concern about their interactions with Dr. Heaps . UCLA reached a $ 2.25 million settlement with one patient in June 2019 , as well as a separate $ 1.3 million settlement in March 2019 to settle their complaint that Heaps committed sexual harassment and retaliated against them for participating in an investigation about him . On 8
February 2022 the University of California reached an agreement with 203 women who alleged they were abused by Heaps . To settle their claims the University will pay more than $ 240 million .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American gynecologists
American obstetricians
Medical malpractice
David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA alumni
University of California faculty
London attack may refer to any of the following attacks that have occurred within London , London metropolitan area , City of London , Lundenwic , Londinium , or County of London :
Actuated attacks
List of terrorist incidents in London
1973 Old Bailey bombing
1982 Hyde Park and Regent 's Park bombings
1983 Harrods bombing
1992 Baltic Exchange bombing
1993 Bishopsgate bombing
1996 Docklands bombing
1999 London nail bombings
7 July 2005 London bombings
2017 Westminster attack
2017 London Bridge attack
2017 Finsbury Park attack
2017 Parsons Green train bombing
2018 Westminster car attack
2019 London Bridge stabbing
2020 Streatham stabbing
Westminster attack , attacks in the City of Westminster or Westminster ; part of London
Second World War bombings of London by Nazi Germany 's Luftwaffe , see The Blitz
First World War bombings of London by Imperial Germany , see German strategic bombing during World War I
1381 Raids on London , see Wat Tyler 's Rebellion
1066 Battle of Southwark , see also Battle of Hastings
3rd century raids by Saxon pirates , see History of London
AD 60 sacking of Londinium by the Iceni
Attempted attacks
Gunpowder Plot ( 1605 ) of Guy Fawkes et al .
21 July 2005 London bombings
See also
Battle of Brentford ( disambiguation ) in what is now West London
The Battle of London ( WWII propaganda film )
London , Ontario truck attack
Dariyabad may refer to :
Dariyabad , Barabanki , Uttar Pradesh , India
Dariyabad , Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , India
Dariyabad ( Assembly constituency )
The Teregova is a right tributary of the river Timiș in Romania . It flows into the Timiș in the village Teregova . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Caraș-Severin County
Ashwaroodan ( ) is a 2006 Indian Malayalam-language action drama film directed by Jayaraj and produced by D. Ramanaidu under the company Suresh Productions . The film stars Suresh Gopi , Padmapriya , Sai Kumar and Jagannatha Varma . The film features songs composed by Jassie Gift and background score by M. M. Srilekha .
Plot
Poomadathil Vishwanathan a compassionate landlord lives with their wife and son , Veerabhadran , and is accorded a status of being the main arbitrator in the village . They dispose cases presented before them in a first-come serve basis without differentiating between right and wrong .
Vishwanathan is embroiled in a legal dispute regarding the possession of a vast area of land with their brothers in law , the Mangoyikkal Kurups . The court rules in favour of Vishwanathan . Vishwanathan 's cunning advocate Kanaran join hands with the Kurups and advises them the steps to retrieve the Mala in exchange of half of the Mala .
The next day , Vishwanathan is tricked into meeting the Kurups to mediate a dispute . Vishwanathan is killed by Kanaran with an ivory tusk and it is manipulated as a death caused by an elephant . Veerabhadran takes over the reins of their family and village . In the present time , the Mala is under the possession of Kurups - falsified as a property transfer done by Vishwanathan before their death . Over the period of time , there are many inhabitants living in the Mala .
Cast
Suresh Gopi as Veerabhadran
Padmapriya as Seetha Lakshmi
Sai Kumar as Marthandan
Jagannatha Varma
Saiju Kurup
Ranjith Velayudhan
Padma Kumar
Kaladharan
Babu Annur
T. G. Ravi as Kanaran Panicker
Captain Raju as Viswanathan
M. B. Padmakumar as Seetha Lakshmi 's brother
References
External links
2006 films
2006 action drama films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Suresh Productions films
Films directed by Jayaraj
The Hardship Post was a Canadian alternative rock band , that formed in St. John 's , Newfoundland in 1992 and moved to Halifax , Nova Scotia , during the Halifax Pop Explosion of the early 1990s .
The band originally consisted of vocalist and guitarist Sebastian Lippa , bassist Mike Kean and drummer Matt Clarke . Initially signed to Murderecords , they released the EPs Mood Ring and Hack in 1993 , and undertook their first cross-Canada tour to support the recordings . Mike Pick would replace Kean on bass in mid-1993 .
In late 1994 , they signed to Sub Pop , which released their full-length album Somebody Spoke in 1995 . Around that time Clarke left the band , and was replaced by Alyson MacLeod of Jale .
Hardship Post won as Best Alternative Band at the 1994 East Coast Music Awards , and were nominated for the same award in 1996 . At the Juno Awards of 1996 , Somebody Spoke was a nominee for Best Alternative Album .
The band broke up in 1997 .
Discography
1992 : Sugarcane/Canopy ( 7 '' single )
1993 : Mood Ring ( EP )
1993 : Hack ( EP )
1994 : Why Do n't You and I Smooth Things Over ( 7 '' single )
1995 : Slick Talking Jack/If I ... ( 7 '' single )
1995 : Watching You/Your Sunshine ( 7 '' single )
Studio albums
1995 : Somebody Spoke
References
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups disestablished in 1997
Musical groups from St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador
Canadian alternative rock groups
Sub Pop artists
Murderecords artists
1992 establishments in Newfoundland and Labrador
1997 disestablishments in Canada
How Steeple Sinderby Wanderers Won the F.A . Cup is the fourth novel by J. L. Carr , published in 1975 . The novel is a comic fantasy that describes in the form of an official history how a village football club progressed through the FA Cup to beat Rangers in the final at Wembley Stadium .
Like all of Carr 's novels , it is grounded in their own experience . In 1930 as an unqualified 18-year-old teacher they played a season for South Milford White Rose when they won a football knockout tournament . It sold 2,124 copies . Carr bought back the rights to the novel in 1992 and reprinted it in an edition of 2,000 copies as the fourth novel published by their own imprint , The Quince Tree Press .
Adaptations
The novel has been dramatised several times by different playwrights . In 1991 , it was adapted as a play for eight actors and was performed at the Worcester Swan Theatre , the Leatherhead Thorndike Theatre and the Mermaid Theatre , London where it ran for six weeks , with Simon Coates as Joe Gidner . More recently it was dramatised by Brian Wright for performance by an amateur youth theatre , with a cast of sixty , in Northamptonshire .
The play was performed at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in August 2011 by one actor , Mark Jardine of Lichfield Garrick Theatre Repertory Company , who provided all the voices and characterisations . In this version the beaten finalists were Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Publishing history
1975 London Magazine Editions ,
1986 Grafton Books ,
1992 The Quince Tree Press ,
1999 Prion Humour Classics , Prion Books ,
2003 The Quince Tree Press ,
2016 Penguin Modern Classics , . Reissued 7 April 2016 .
Translations
2008 Come gli S.S. Wanderers vinsero la coppa d'Inghilterra , Fazi Editore , Roma ,
2017 Wie die Steeple Sinderby Wanderers den Pokal holten , DuMont Buchverlag , Koln . Translated by Monika Köpfer .
2018 Cómo llegamos a la final de Wembley , Tusquets Editores S.A. , Spain ,
References
External links
Quince Tree Press
1975 British novels
Novels by J. L. Carr
British sports novels
Novels about association football
Yves Marie François Le Trocquer ( 4 October 1877 – 21 February 1938 ) was a French civil engineer , administrator and politician .
After a career in public works projects they became a technical assistant to several government ministers .
They administered the French waterways for military purposes during World War I ( 1914–18 ) .
They were elected Deputy of Côtes-du-Nord in 1919 , and from 1920 to 1924 was Minister of Public Works .
In 1930 they left the Chamber of Deputies for the Senate , where they served for the remainder of their life .
Life
Early years ( 1877–1910 )
Yves Marie François Le Trocquer was born on 4 October 1877 in Pontrieux , Côtes-du-Nord .
When they were two years old their father , a lieutenant in the navy , died on 28 June 1879 aboard the Amiral Charner .
Le Trocquer entered the Ecole polytechnique , and after graduation became a member of the Corps des ponts et chaussées .
They first worked in the ports of Nantes and Saint-Nazaire , then for the Seine department .
They proved very capable both as a technician and as an administrator , and became a chief engineer at the age of 36 .
Government appointments ( 1910–19 )
In 1910 Le Trocquer became technical director of the cabinet of Louis Puech , Minister of Public Works .
They served in the same role in the successive cabinets of Charles Dumont and Victor Augagneur .
They followed Augagneur to the Ministry of Public Education and then the Ministry of the Navy .
During World War I ( 1914–18 ) in 1915 they were appointed Director of Military Transport and Operation of Waterways , and Director of the National Board of Navigation .
For the services they rendered in these positions they were made an Officer of the Legion of Honour .
In 1919 they became general director of the cabinet of Jules Cels ( fr ) , Undersecretary of State for the Navy .
Deputy ( 1919–30 )
Le Trocquer was elected Deputy of Côtes-du-Nord on 19 November 1919 .
They sat with the Left Republican group .
Soon after being elected Le Trocquer was appointed Undersecretary of State for Liquidation of Stocks in the second cabinet of Georges Clemenceau .
Le Trocquer was next appointed Minister of Public Works in the first cabinet of Alexandre Millerand , and held this position for four and a half years in seven different governments .
They oversaw a major post-war reconstruction of railways , waterways and roads in the liberated regions .
The railway unions had responded to requests for responsibility by the Minister of Public Works in January 1919 by demanding nationalization of the railways , which the railway executives saw as a revolutionary and anarchic demand .
During an early dispute with the railway workers , Le Trocquer supported the railway management .
They said in the Chamber , `` I am here to have discipline respected . I shall never commit an act which could have as a consequence the weakening of suspension of sanctions pronounced by responsible chiefs for acts of indiscipline . ''
Le Trocquer estimated that France needed 70 million tons of coal annually , but 1919 production was around 20 million tons and the war-damaged mines of the north were unable to produce more in the short term .
Requisition of German coal in lieu of reparations was the obvious solution .
In 1922 Le Trocquer warned that in less than ten years Germany would no longer be obliged by treaty to deliver coke .
They called for either taking direct control of state mines in the Ruhr or gaining control of the Ruhr coal industry as reparation .
Le Trocquer was involved in the 1923 occupation of the Ruhr and the rehabilitation of the Saar mines .
Le Trocquer developed the concept of `` green coal '' , by which the water network could be put to the use of Breton industry .
They promoted construction of the Guerlédan dam in 1923 , and tried with less success to develop a power plant on the Rance .
They were reelected on 11 May 1924 , and sat with the Democratic Republican group .
After leaving the cabinet Le Trocquer continued to be interested in the question of reparations , and participated in a committee of inquiry on this subject .
The French Committee of the European Customs Union ( UDE ) was constituted on 28 January 1927 , headed by Charles Gide and Yves Le Trocquer .
Le Trocquer was reelected on 22 April 1928 and sat with the Radical Left group .
In 1928 Le Trocquet was chairperson of the Franco-German liaison committee of French parliamentarians , with Aristide Briand and Joseph Paul-Boncour as honorary convenors .
After intense lobbying the committee managed to get Germany to create a corresponding committee in 1929 chaired by Joseph Wirth .
Le Troquet wrote in the left-oriented La Volonté that rapprochement with Germany was a step towards the unification of Europe .
On 24 November 1928 the Federal Committee for European Cooperation was formed with Émile Borel as president .
Yves Le Troquet was president of its French committee .
They left the Chamber of Deputies on 30 January 1930 after being elected to the Senate .
Senator ( 1930–38 )
Le Trocquer was elected Senator of Côtes-du-Nord on 14 January 1930 , and held office until their death in 1938 .
They were elected at the top of on the list of the Republican and National Union .
They were a member of committees on public works , colonies , Algeria and foreign affairs .
They were often involved in debates on railways , ports , roads , electricity and public utilities , sometimes as rapporteur .
They were also involved in various economic and social issues .
Le Trocquer often travelled abroad , and developed friendships with foreign counterparts .
They became President of the Democratic and Radical Union parliamentary group , and Vice-President of the Democratic Alliance .
Le Trocquer died in Paris on 21 February 1938 .
On 4 May 1939 the general council of Côtes-du-Nord granted 5,000 francs to the municipality of Pontrieux for a monument to Le Troquet .
The granite monument to Troquet with a bronze medallion of their head by the sculptor Renaud was inaugurated in the Place Le Trocquer after World War II ( 1939–45 ) in a ceremony attended by the deputy René Pleven .
Publications
Publications by Le Trocquer include :
Notes
Sources
1877 births
1938 deaths
People from Côtes-d'Armor
Politicians from Brittany
Democratic Republican Alliance politicians
Independent Radical politicians
French Ministers of Public Works
Transport ministers of France
Members of the 12th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 13th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
Members of the 14th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
French Senators of the Third Republic
Senators of Côtes-d'Armor
Collège Stanislas de Paris alumni
Lorenzo Bucchi ( born 21 November 1983 , in Rome ) is an Italian retired football goalkeeper . They are currently working as a goalkeeper coach at FC Luzern .
References
External links
Profile at football.ch
1983 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Ternana Calcio players
S.S. Fidelis Andria 1928 players
AC Bellinzona players
Grasshopper Club Zürich players
FC Luzern players
Swiss Super League players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Rome
Italian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
FC Fribourg players
In Jamaican Patois , batty boy ( also JSAP , batty man , and chi chi bwoy/man ) is a slang expression often used to refer to a gay or effeminate man . The term batiman ( or battyman ) is also used in Belize owing to the popularity of Jamaican music there . The term derives from the Jamaican slang word batty , which refers to buttocks or anus . It is a slur and considered offensive .
Certain forms of Jamaican music feature both homophobic and extremely violent themes . One such example of this is the 1992 dancehall hit `` Boom Bye Bye '' by Buju Banton which contains lyrics that advocate the killing of gay men . The pejorative chi chi man forms the title of a T.O.K . song about killing gay men and setting them on fire ; it was the Jamaican Labour Party 's 2001 theme song . In the following year , the People 's National Party similarly based their slogan `` Log On to Progress '' on Elephant Man 's track `` Log On '' which likewise features some violent and homophobic lyrics ( e.g . `` step pon chi chi man '' , i.e . `` stomp on a faggot '' ) .
Post-World War II Jamaican immigrants brought the term `` batty boy '' to the United Kingdom . British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen frequently used the expression in their Ali G character , including in a 2002 interview that led to an apology by the BBC for Cohen 's foul language .
See also
Stop Murder Music
LGBT rights in Jamaica
References
Belizean culture
Effeminacy
English phrases
Homophobic slurs
Jamaican culture
Violence against gay men
The 1965–66 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the inaugural season of the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition . Castleford won the trophy by beating St. Helens with the score of 4–0 . The match was played at Knowsley Road , Eccleston , St Helens , Merseyside . The attendance was 11,510 and receipts were £3,548 . This was to be the first of Castleford 's three victories in successive seasons in the first three Floodlit competitions .
Background
This season there were a total of only eight teams entering , all by invite , playing a total of eleven matches for which the BBC paid the RFL a grand total of £9,000.00 . The entrants included the seven clubs with permanent floodlights : Castleford , Leigh , Oldham , St Helens , Swinton , Warrington and Widnes together with Leeds , who installed floodlights in September 1966 . The competition was played in the form of a mini-league with the semi-finals and final stages being on a knock out basis .
Competition and results
Qualifying rounds
Each team played two matches in the qualifying round . All teams played one home game each except Leeds , who played both games away from home as their floodlights were not installed yet .
The four teams with the best points difference qualified for the semi finals .
Round 1
Round 2
Table
Pos = Finishing position P = Games played W = Wins D = Draw L = Lose
PF = Points scored PA = Points against Pts = League points PD = Points scored difference
Semi-finals
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three ( 3 ) points - Goal = two ( 2 ) points - Drop goal = two ( 2 ) points
The play-offs
Notes and comments
Knowsley Road was the home of St Helens R.F.C . from 1890 until its closure in 2010 . The final capacity was 17,500 although the record attendance was 35,695 set on 26 December 1949 for a league game between St Helens and Wigan .
General information
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs , entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights . Most matches were played on an evening , and those of which the second half was televised , were played on a Tuesday evening .
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit ' , many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights , and several of the entrants , including Barrow and Bramley , did not have adequate lighting . When in 1973 , due to the world oil crisis , the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport , all of the matches , including the Trophy final , had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night . The Rugby League season always ( until the onset of `` Summer Rugby '' in 1996 ) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season , in the Autumn , with the final taking place in December ( the only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather ) .
See also
1965–66 Northern Rugby Football League season
1965 Lancashire Cup
1965 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull & Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team , one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
The former St Margaret of Antioch 's Church building is situated on Cardigan Road , Headingley , West Yorkshire , England , near Burley Park railway station . It is an example of Late Gothic Revival church architecture , and it was built in the first few years of the twentieth century , being consecrated in 1909 . It was built in the Parish of Burley to serve the population of the newly built red-brick terrace houses in the area , part of the late Victorian expansion of Leeds . Whilst a functioning Anglican Church , it had an Anglo-Catholic flavour . It is a Grade II * listed building , and was designed by Temple Moore . It was rescued from dereliction by a group of local Christians who turned it into an arts and creative space called Left Bank Leeds .
History
1897–1910 fund raising and Temple Moore
The first church on the site was an iron building , temporarily erected to serve the newly built houses in the surrounding area . The first vicar was Rev A.H Kelk who took possession of the parsonage in 1897 .
The iron church building was dedicated for use in March 1898 by Archdeacon Kilner , and for years served as the church building , Sunday schoolroom and social venue . It was very hot in the summer , and right from the start , raising funds for a permanent church building were discussed .
The first edition of the monthly parish magazine was in January 1899 , for which subscriptions were sought , and around 800 were taken up . The parish decided it needed a separate Sunday school building as a priority , which was finally finished at Easter 1900 , just in time for the Easter Parochial Tea .
The following years saw greater efforts at fund-raising for the permanent building , which included bazaars held in Leeds Town Hall , door to door canvassing and requests to neighbouring businesses and parishes , as well as the diocese itself .
The money was raised , and architect Temple Moore was commissioned from 1901 . The foundation stone was laid on 26 October 1907 , the first phase of the building ( with an unfinished west end ) was completed in 1908 , and consecrated in the following year . The first wedding in the newly consecrated church was on Easter Monday , 1909 .
It is widely regarded as a particularly fine example of the Late Gothic Revival style and of Temple Moore 's work . This later led to the building being accorded Grade II * listed building status . Temple Moore had also designed a vicarage and a First World War memorial , neither of which were built .
1910 – mid-1990s
The front ( west ) end was never completed to Moore 's plans – it was originally designed to have a huge tower and would have had something simple and easily removable for whenever works on that were to start .
In 1911 St Margaret 's became a separate parish .
Parish life carried on in the building , with all the usual events and groups that are associated with Anglican parishes – Sunday services , baptisms , marriages and deaths , men 's society , confirmation classes , musical society , bazaars , Mothers Union , Whitsun parades , and groups for children and teachers , as well as the annual parochial excursion which usually took place around St Margaret of Antioch 's feast day , 20 July .
The new vicar , Rev B. Combe , wrote in 1920 in the parish magazine :
`` I am learning every week to understand better your pride in St Margaret 's Church . For every week shews me new beauties in the building , and I am now almost used to being introduced to fellow clergy with such additional remarks as : `` S Margaret 's – it 's the finest Church in Leeds '' . Its stern grandeur in Lent , followed by its glory on Easter Day , was almost over-powering '' .
In 1959 a Jubilee Building Fund was launched , with the intention of completing the church building . The original Temple Moore plans were deemed too ornate and expensive , and so the architect George Pace from York , who was a great admirer of Moore 's work , designed the current west end which was completed in 1963 . Sir John Betjeman knew and admired the building , especially the interior .
With changes in demographics in the local area , and a more transient population , a deepening relationship and possible amalgamation with All Hallows Parish was mooted , but it did not come to pass . Neither did a suggested amalgamation with St Michael 's , Headingley .
During the 1940s to the 1960s , the church played host to the Orthodox Liturgy and Communion in Slovak , the Polish Orthodox Church and the Russian Orthodox Church in Exile , as well renting a local house for Belgian refugees during the First World War . Throughout these years , until the 1970s , the tradition of the church and its services was maintained as Anglo-Catholic .
The congregation declined in number , and by the mid nineties were down to only a few .
Mid-nineties – present
The church was declared redundant by the Church Commissioners in March 1995 and the building closed for worship , within the congregation being combined with the neighbouring All Hallows parish and the church there being renamed St Margaret 's and All Hallows . In 2001 the St Margaret 's building was bought by a local congregation of Christians , who wanted to see the building used again and not fall into further ruin . It was used occasionally for special events and services but because of damage to the roof and an infestation of pigeons , the building became a health hazard and unfit for use . English Heritage funded essential building repairs as it was on the listed Buildings at Risk Register .
A steering group was formed to look at ways of bringing the building back into use and slowly a future vision came into focus . The building is a multidisciplinary arts venue called Left Bank Leeds . Its mission is to preserve the amazing venue in order to inspire and empower the community via a sustainable programme of arts and events that promotes creativity , connection and wellbeing . Left Bank Leeds has a programme of arts and events that include exhibitions , gigs , festivals , cinema , talks , afternoon teas and is open to the public as a co-working space . It was cited by The Guardian in The alt city guide to Leeds for its arts programme . The building is open to the public and is also available to hire for public events and private functions .
Architectural and interior features still existing
WWI memorial , dedicated and unveiled 12 February 1923 , ( intact , now moved to SW corner )
Stained glass window ( east end )
Plaques
Choir stalls designed and installed by Leslie Moore ( intact )
High altar , dedicated in its current form 1950
Incumbents
Vicars :
1897 – May 1919 the Revd Arthur Hastings Kelk ( previously Anglican Chaplain in Beirout , subsequently the Parish of Goldsborough )
1919 – June 1925 Revd Robert Combe ( previously British Columbia , Canada , subsequently Cape Town , South Africa )
November 1925 – June 1944 Revd Frank Callister ( previously St Edmund 's , Leeds , subsequently Vicar of Bardsey )
September 1944 – 1948 Revd Herbert William Figgess ( previously St Wilfrid 's Harrogate subsequently Fiji )
November 1948 – September 1953 Fr Philip John Lyndon ( previously chaplain to the Royal Australian Air Force , subsequently to St Aidan 's , Harehills )
January 1954 – March 1964 Fr Philip Reginald Shepherd ( previously Vicar of Bramham , subsequently Shepton Beauchamp , Somerset )
October 1964 – July 1973 Fr Kenneth Whitfield ( previously Area Secretary for the Universities Mission to Central Africa , subsequently Chaplain to the Community of St Peter , Horbury )
January 1974 – November 1981 Fr David Curtis Broome ( previously from St Margaret 's , Leigh on Sea )
Revd Stanley Baxter
Curates :
September 1899 – 1903 Revd HS Footman
1904–1906 DJB Lewis
1907–1909 AJ Alexander
1912–1916 FG Badrick
1920–1925 Revd GRJ Round
1925–1926 ( Priest in charge ) Revd Alex W Cook
1930–1931 Revd WC Middleton
1931–1933 ( approx ) Sister Alder
1933–1935 ( approx ) Deaconess Gwendolene Bowman
1951–1954 Deacon Revd John Denys Taylor
1957–1960 Fr John P Beaumont
1960–1962 Fr Raymond Reynolds
1966–1967 Fr Malcolm Alflatt
See also
List of new churches by Temple Moore
List of works by George Pace
References
External links
Left Bank Leeds
Heritage Open Days
Margaret of Antioch
Leeds , St Margaret of Antioch Church
Headingley
Listed buildings in Leeds
Former Church of England church buildings
Leeds
St Colmcille 's ( ) are one of three GAA clubs in Swords , County Dublin , Ireland . The other two Swords clubs are St Finians and Fingallians .
The club was founded in 1935 , and fields a single junior football team in Division 10 of the Dublin AFL ( adult football league ) . The club 's grounds are located at Hollybanks , Glen Ellen Road , Swords .
History
The club was founded in 1935 and initially shared football pitches with other clubs in the area . The club is traditionally associated with the 'Top Of The Town ' ( from Kettles Lane to Mountgorry to Balheary ) as the club founders were from that part of the town .
In 2003 , the club began construction of a new clubhouse costing 1.7 million EUR . The project was funded through a 300,000 EUR grant from the Sports Capital Programme , 75,000 EUR from Fingal County Council , with the club raising the rest of the required funds through club finance and a loan . The new clubhouse development was built on a one-acre site adjacent to the club 's pitch . The two-storey building has two dressing rooms , a referee 's room , sports hall , office , gym , meeting room and a bar/lounge as well as car parking facilities .
A new extension has since been added which incorporates additional meeting rooms and a balcony area from which matches can be viewed .
Football
The club reached a Dublin Junior Football Championship final in 1968 . Around the same time the club had several representatives on the Dublin junior , under 21 and minor football panels .
In 2006 the club had two football teams in Division 8 and 11 North . By 2011 , the club was fielding a single team .
In 2013 , the Junior team reached the Championship Final Junior E Football Championship and were runners-up in the League Cup and Duffy Cup .
In 2014 , the club went one step better than in 1968 and 2013 by winning a Dublin Football Championship . The 2014 Junior E Final took place on 20 September between St.Kevin Killians and St. Colmcilles in O'Toole Park . St.Colmcilles won the game .
Honours
Dublin Junior Football Championship ( 0 ) : Runners-up 1968
Junior E Football Championship ( 1 ) : Winners 2014
Dublin AFL Div . 10 ( 1 ) : Winners 2021
Further reading
The Gaelic Athletic Association in Dublin 1884-2000 ( 2005 ) Editor and compiler : William Nolan Contributors : Jim Wren , Marcus de Búrca , David Gorry
References
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in Fingal
Gaelic football clubs in Fingal
Müslüm , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Rentberry , Inc. is a global home rental platform based in San Francisco , USA and founded in 2015 . It was highly criticized and got controversial reviews from the US press such as Vanity Fair , The Wall Street Journal , The Independent , HuffingtonPost , etc . and was involved in lawsuits against Seattle city authorities .
Overview
Rentberry is a decentralized rental platform The users ( tenants ) can bid on their rent with the help of the platform . In 2015 , Rentberry product prototype raised first investments from 12 international investors . The platform covered only Los Angeles and New York at that time . In 2017 , the company announced partnership with ListHub , Realtor.com and Walk Score to bring together rental billboards and later raised $ 4.5 million .
Controversy and criticism
The American press gave controversial reviews and called Rentberry `` eBay for rent '' arguing that the platform could drive up the rental market . Since the first launch , the controversial bidding tool ( a tenant can set a preferred price for an apartment ) has been discussed in Vanity Fair , The Wall Street Journal , The Independent , HuffingtonPost , CBS SF BayArea , SFGate , Inman , Curbed and other media .
In May 2018 , Rentberry and the Pacific Legal Foundation has sued the City of Seattle for violating the rights of Seattle residents in March 2018 , Seattle City Council imposed an annual moratorium on bargaining platforms like Rentberry . In March 2019 , Rentberry lost the case in the US District Court .
See also
GuestReady
Booking.com
References
Companies based in San Francisco
2015 establishments
Property management companies
The following are international rankings of .
Cities
Communications
Culture
Demographics
Economy
Education
Energy
Total electricity consumption ranked 88th highest consumption
Environment
Carbon dioxide emissions per capita ranked 125th the highest emissions
Geography
Globalization
Government
Industry
Military
Global Peace Index 2009 , ranked 25
Military expenditures as a percentage of GDP ranked 104
Politics
Religion
Society
Smoking in Uruguay : first country in Latin America to establish an indoor smoking ban
Technology
Tourism
Transport
Political and economic
GDP per capita – 60th highest , at I $ 11,969
Human Development Index – 46th high , at 0.852
Income Equality , 0.449 ( Gini Index )
Literacy Rate – 51st , at 97.7 %
Unemployment rate – 112th , at 8.70 %
Health
Fertility rate- 140th most fertile , at 1.85 per woman
Birth rate – 157th most births , at 13.91 per 1000 people
Infant mortality – 128th most deaths , at 1 per 1000 live births
Death rate – 84th highest death rate , at 9.16 per 1000 people
Life Expectancy – 47th highest , at 76.4 years
Suicide Rate – 24th highest suicide rate , at 15.1 for males and 6.4 for females per 100,000 people
HIV/AIDS rate – 108th most cases , at 0.30 %
Latin America comparative index
Other
Political and economic rankings
GDP per capita – 60th highest , at I $ 11,969
Human Development Index – 46th highest , at 0.852
Income Equality , 0.449 ( Gini Index )
Literacy Rate – 51st , at 97.7 %
Unemployment rate – 112th , at 8.70 %
Health rankings
Fertility rate- 140th most fertile , at 1.85 per woman
Birth rate – 157th most births , at 13.91 per 1000 people
Infant mortality – 128th most deaths , at 1 per 1000 live births
Death rate – 84th highest death rate , at 9.16 per 1000 people
Life Expectancy – 47th highest , at 76.4 years
Suicide Rate – 24th highest suicide rate , at 15.1 for males and 6.4 for females per 100,000 people
HIV/AIDS rate – 108th most cases , at 0.30 %
Other rankings
CO2 emissions – 125th the highest emissions , at 1.65 tonnes per capita
Electricity Consumption – 88th highest consumption of electricity , at 7,762,000,000 kWh
Broadband Internet access – no data
Global Peace Index – 25th highest peace rate in 2009
Comparative ranking by index
See also
Lists of countries
Lists by country
List of international rankings
References
Uruguay
Psilopogon is a genus of Old World barbets that used to include only a single species , the fire-tufted barbet ( P. pyrolophus ) . Results of molecular phylogenetic analyses indicate that the genus is nested within an evolutionary branch consisting of Asian barbets that were formerly placed in the genus Megalaima proposed by George Robert Gray in 1841 . Since Psilopogon was proposed by Salomon Müller already in 1835 , this name takes priority .
The name Psilopogon combines the Ancient Greek psilos meaning `` bare '' and pōgōn meaning `` beard '' .
Taxonomy
The type species of Psilopogon is the fire-tufted barbet proposed by Salomon Müller in 1835 , who described a male barbet collected in Sumatra .
In the 19th and 20th centuries , about 19 generic names were proposed for Asian barbet species in collections of natural history museums , including Megalaima by George Robert Gray in 1849 and Mezobucco by George Ernest Shelley in 1889 .
Molecular phylogenetic research of Asian barbets revealed that the Megalaima species form a clade , which also includes the fire-tufted barbet . Barbets formerly placed in Megalaima were therefore reclassified under the genus Psilopogon , which now contains the following 32 species :
Phylogeny
References
External links
Bird genera
Megalaimidae
Taxa named by Salomon Müller
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2012–13 Football Conference season was the ninth season in which the Conference consisted of three divisions and the thirty-third season overall . The Conference covers the top two levels of Non-League football in England . The Conference Premier is the fifth highest level of the overall pyramid , whilst the Conference North and Conference South exist at the sixth level . The Conference was won by Mansfield Town who together with Newport County , the winner of the play-off of the National division , were promoted to Football League Two , while the bottom four were relegated to the North or South divisions . The champions of the North and South divisions were promoted to the National division , alongside the play-off winners from each division . The bottom three in each of the North and South divisions were relegated to the premier divisions of the Northern Premier League , Isthmian League or Southern League .
For sponsorship reasons , the Conference Premier was referred to as the Blue Square Bet Premier .
Conference Premier
A total of 24 teams contested the division , including 18 sides from last season , two relegated from the Football League Two , two promoted from the Conference North and two promoted from the Conference South . The League started on 10 August 2012 with previously relegated Hereford United and Macclesfield Town facing each other at Edgar Street and finished on 20 April 2013 with all matches that day kicking off simultaneously . The 2013 Conference Premier play-off Final on 5 May 2013 was the first Wembley Stadium final to feature two Welsh clubs , Newport County and Wrexham .
Promotion and relegation
Teams promoted from 2011–12 Conference North
Hyde
Nuneaton Town
Teams promoted from 2011–12 Conference South
Woking
Dartford
Teams relegated from 2011–12 Football League Two
Macclesfield Town
Hereford United
League table
Play-offs
First leg
Second leg
Final
Stadia and locations
* Restricted due to stadium expansion or FA ruling .
* * Capacity reduced for football matches from maximum capacity of 11,676 .
* * * Groundshare from 15 February 2013 .
Capacity was temporarily raised to 7,012 for the play-off tie against Grimsby Town
Results
Top scorers
Conference North
A total of 22 teams competed in the division , including 18 sides which competed in the Conference North the previous season , two promoted from the Southern Football League and two from the Northern Premier League .
Promotion and relegation
Teams promoted from 2011–12 Northern Premier League Premier Division
Chester
Bradford Park Avenue
Teams promoted from 2011–12 Southern League Premier Division
Brackley Town
Oxford City
League table
Play-offs
First leg
Second leg
Final
Stadia and locations
Results
Top scorers
Conference South
A total of 22 teams competed in the division , including 18 sides which competed in the Conference South the previous season , two relegated from the Conference Premier and two promoted from the Isthmian Premier League .
Promotion and relegation
Teams promoted from 2011–12 Isthmian League Premier Division
Billericay Town
AFC Hornchurch
Teams relegated from 2011–12 Conference Premier
Bath City
Hayes & Yeading United
League table
Play-offs
First leg
Second leg
Final
Stadia and locations
Results
Top scorers
References
National League ( English football ) seasons
5
Eng
Pierre de La Gorce ( 19 June 1846 , Vannes – 2 January 1934 ) was a French magistrate , lawyer and historian , as well as a member of the Académie française . They wrote books about the Second French Republic , the Second French Empire and the French Revolution , as well as other topics . They taught law of the Sorbonne .
References
1846 births
1934 deaths
19th-century French historians
19th-century French lawyers
Members of the Académie Française
French male non-fiction writers
20th-century French historians
Writers from Vannes
Centura may refer to :
Chrysler Centura , a midsize car which was produced by Chrysler Australia between 1975 and 1978
Centura Bank , a bank headquartered in Rocky Mount , North Carolina until 2001 , when Royal Bank of Canada acquired the company and changed its name to RBC Centura
Centura Software , a former name of Gupta Technologies
beltways around Romanian cities as Centura București around the capital Bucharest ( from Romanian : centura = belt )
Nuclear Gandhi is an Internet meme and urban legend relating to the 1991 video game Civilization , in which there was reportedly a bug that would eventually force the renowned pacifist leader Mahatma Gandhi to become extremely aggressive and make heavy use of nuclear weapons .
The bug was first noted in 2012 , two years after the release of Civilization V. In 2020 , the series ' creator , Sid Meier , contradicted the urban legend , saying there was never a bug like that in the original game . Nuclear Gandhi is one of the most recognizable video game glitches , has been used as an example of integer overflow in computer science , and was included as an Easter egg in other games in the Civilization series .
Background
According to the legend , each leader 's game AI in Civilization had a parameter that described their aggression on a scale from 1 to 10 , with 1 being least aggressive and 10 most aggressive . Other sources say the scale went from 1 to 12 . Indian leader Mahatma Gandhi was the only leader in the game with the lowest possible aggression rating of 1 and , as a result , was only able to wage defensive wars . Once the AI changed its government form to democracy , which was preferred by peaceful nations such as India , its aggression level decreased by 2 . In the case of Gandhi , this would lead to an aggression level of −1 .
However , the aggression level was stored as an 8-bit unsigned integer variable that could only store values in the range from 0 to 255 ( or ) . The negative value would therefore result in an integer overflow ( specifically an integer underflow ) , with the value being stored as 255 and Gandhi becoming about 25 times more aggressive than the most aggressive leaders in the game . In Civilization 's technology tree , nuclear weapons are generally unlocked only after democracy , so Gandhi 's aggression level would have already spiked by the time India became nuclear-capable . This led to India suddenly attacking other civilizations with nuclear missiles . The bug was supposedly fixed in later versions of the game , but the developers liked it so much they decided to re-implement it in successive games as an Easter egg and joke . According to other sources , the bug first appeared in Civilization II .
In reality , according to the Civilization II lead game designer Brian Reynolds , there were only three possible aggression levels in Civilization , and even though Gandhi 's AI had the lowest possible aggression level , they shared it with one third of all leaders . Additionally , based on their memories of Civilization 's source code , Reynolds stated that there was no unsigned variable in this section of code and that leaders could not act more aggressively than the most aggressive leaders of the game . A leader with an aggression level of 255 would act the same way as a leader with an aggression level of 3 . According to Sid Meier , since all integer variables are signed by default in both C and C++ ( the programming languages of Civilization and Civilization II respectively ) , overflow would not have occurred if Gandhi 's aggression were set to -1 ; moreover , the government form does n't affect AI aggressiveness at all , so Gandhi 's aggression level remained the same throughout the game . During wars , India could use nuclear weapons just like any other civilization , but Gandhi would not use nuclear weapons more often than Abraham Lincoln or any other peaceful leaders . One possible origin of the legend could be India 's tendency to discover nuclear technology before most of its opponents because of the peaceful scientific nature of this civilization .
Appearances
Through Civilization IV , a popular misconception held that Gandhi was `` still '' programmed with a tendency to use nuclear weapons as an Easter egg , but no such behavior was purposely added to the games by Firaxis . The first such intentional inclusion of Nuclear Gandhi was in Civilization V. Civilization V lead game designer Jon Shafer set Gandhi 's `` Build Nuke '' and `` Use Nuke '' parameters to the highest possible value , 12 . Shafer said that they did this as a joke : `` it 's fun to imagine that an Indian politician promoting Satyagraha may have a desire to nuke their neighbors '' . Following the game 's release in 2010 , players noticed Gandhi 's incongruous behavior ; it was addressed in The Escapist magazine 's comic Critical Miss . Players nicknamed Civilization Vs Gandhi `` Thermonuclear , '' `` The destroyer of worlds , '' and `` Kurchatov . ''
Gandhi is actually one of the most peaceful leaders in Civilization V , but their artificial intelligence parameters that control building and using of nuclear weapons have the value of 12 , which is the highest of any leader . The next three leaders have a value of 8 , and most leaders have a value between 4 and 6 . To bring more diversity to the gameplay , at the start of each game , Civilization V adjusts these parameters by adding a random value between −2 and +2 to each of these two values ; in the case of Gandhi , this means the `` Build Nuke '' and `` Use Nuke '' parameters will never go lower than the maximum rating : 10 out of 10 .
Civilization VI introduced a secret agenda mechanic that regulates the artificial intelligence behavior . Each leader has two agendas : the first is constant and based on each leader 's personal history , and the second one ( as well as a third one in Civilization VI : Gathering Storm ) is chosen randomly at the start of each game . Gandhi 's fixed goal is `` Peacekeeper '' : Gandhi is much less likely to start wars , and disdains civilizations that do , as well as appreciating those that do the opposite . However , they have a fixed 70 % probability of getting `` Nuke Happy '' as their secondary agenda , which causes them to focus on building nukes , appreciate civilizations that do , and disdain civilizations that do not .
Meme
In early 2012 , 21 years after the original Civilization was released , a TV Tropes user named Tunafish claimed that a bug existed in Civilization that caused Gandhi to be much more aggressive . Tunafish did not provide any proof . In November , the same information was added to Wikia . According to Sid Meier , over the next two years , the story spread across the Internet , and each time someone doubted it , a link to a wiki was used as a proof .
In 2014 , the story gained publicity after a reposted Critical Miss comic caused a discussion in the comment section on Reddit over why Gandhi was made that aggressive . Ten days later , the video game news website Kotaku posted the article `` Why Gandhi Is Such An Asshole In Civilization '' , which prompted other news websites and blogs to republish the information . Because of interest in mass media and the blogosphere , many series fans discovered this story , and `` Nuclear Gandhi '' became a common video game Internet meme and a joke . Moreover , due to the Mandela effect , many people remembered that they were particularly annoyed by India in the first games of Civilization series . Information about `` Nuclear Gandhi '' was later added to Know Your Meme , which stated that the bug first appeared in Civilization II .
On June 18 , 2019 , Firaxis marketing manager Kevin Schultz posted a tweet stating that they are going offline for two weeks due to a business trip to China , and offered to reflect on the question , `` What if the widely shared and reposted story about Gandhi 's love for nukes in the original Civilization being caused by a bug is totally false ? '' This prompted ex-Eurogamer columnist Chris Bratt to start a journalistic investigation .
Bratt contacted 2K 's PR department and asked for an interview with a Firaxis representative , but their request was denied . Bratt then contacted ex-Firaxis game designer Bruce Shelley , who stated that they did not remember whether the glitch existed , since the development of Civilization was 30 years ago : `` I vaguely remember an issue with Gandhi , but the guy you would have to speak with is Sid [ Meier ] . '' The next person Bratt contacted was lead Civilization II game designer Brian Reynolds , who replied : `` Although it 's been ~20 years since I 've seen the Civ 1 code , I can still tell you with 99.99 % certainty the Gandhi bug is completely apocryphal . '' Bratt contacted 2K and Sid Meier once again , but did not receive a direct refutation . Meier stated that they did not know the correct answer , but they think that the urban legend is a good thing : `` given the limited technology of the time , the original Civ was in many ways a game that took place mainly in players ' imaginations '' , so `` I 'd be reluctant to limit what that player can imagine by introducing too many of my thoughts '' . Bratt posted a YouTube video with their investigation 's findings .
Later , in an Ars Technica interview , Sid Meier stated that the story about the Gandhi software bug was fabricated . On September 8 , 2020 , Sid Meier 's autobiography , Sid Meier 's Memoir ! : A Life in Computer Games , was released , containing a detailed background of the urban legend 's formation .
Legacy
Despite its non-existence , `` Nuclear Gandhi '' is one of the most recognizable bugs in the history of video games . It has spawned a large number of Internet memes , and has been used as an example of integer overflow in computer science courses at Harvard University , among others .
See also
India and weapons of mass destruction
Operation Smiling Buddha
References
Further reading
External links
Nuclear Gandhi at Know Your Meme
Civilization ( series )
Cultural depictions of Mahatma Gandhi
Easter egg ( media )
Fiction about nuclear war and weapons
Internet hoaxes
Internet memes introduced in 2012
Urban legends
Video game glitches
Video game hoaxes
Video game memes
The Venezuela Open or Abierto de Venezuela is a men 's professional golf tournament . It has only been staged intermittently since 1957 , 2019 being the 35th edition of the event . Al Geiberger , Art Wall Jr. , David Graham , Roberto De Vicenzo and Tony Jacklin are past champions .
Since 2014 , the Venezuela Open has been a fixture on the PGA Tour Latinoamérica Developmental Series . From 1979 to 2009 it made frequent appearances on the South American Tour , later known as the Tour de las Américas . Between 1961 and 1973 the tournament was a regular stop on the PGA-sponsored Caribbean Tour , when it was called the Caracas Open or Caracas Open Invitational . The second event in 1957 was co-sponsored by the PGA .
The event has generally been played at three venues in Caracas : Caracas Country Club , Valle Arriba Golf Club and Lagunita Country Club . In 1999 it was held at Izcaragua Country Club , a short distance east of Caracas while in 2000 it was played at Barquisimeto Golf Club near Barquisimeto .
Winners
Source :
Notes
References
External links
Venezuela Golf Federation
Tour de las Americas official site
Golf tournaments in Venezuela
Tour de las Américas events
In mathematics , and in particular in the field of algebra , a Hilbert–Poincaré series ( also known under the name Hilbert series ) , named after David Hilbert and Henri Poincaré , is an adaptation of the notion of dimension to the context of graded algebraic structures ( where the dimension of the entire structure is often infinite ) . It is a formal power series in one indeterminate , say , where the coefficient of gives the dimension ( or rank ) of the sub-structure of elements homogeneous of degree . It is closely related to the Hilbert polynomial in cases when the latter exists ; however , the Hilbert–Poincaré series describes the rank in every degree , while the Hilbert polynomial describes it only in all but finitely many degrees , and therefore provides less information . In particular the Hilbert–Poincaré series can not be deduced from the Hilbert polynomial even if the latter exists . In good cases , the Hilbert–Poincaré series can be expressed as a rational function of its argument .
Definition
Let K be a field , and let be an -graded vector space over K , where each subspace of vectors of degree i is finite-dimensional . Then the Hilbert–Poincaré series of V is the formal power series
A similar definition can be given for an -graded R-module over any commutative ring R in which each submodule of elements homogeneous of a fixed degree n is free of finite rank ; it suffices to replace the dimension by the rank . Often the graded vector space or module of which the Hilbert–Poincaré series is considered has additional structure , for instance , that of a ring , but the Hilbert–Poincaré series is independent of the multiplicative or other structure .
Example : Since there are monomials of degree k in variables ( by induction , say ) , one can deduce that the sum of the Hilbert–Poincaré series of is the rational function .
Hilbert–Serre theorem
Suppose M is a finitely generated graded module over with an Artinian ring ( e.g. , a field ) A . Then the Poincaré series of M is a polynomial with integral coefficients divided by . The standard proof today is an induction on n. Hilbert 's original proof made a use of Hilbert 's syzygy theorem ( a projective resolution of M ) , which gives more homological information .
Here is a proof by induction on the number n of indeterminates . If , then , since M has finite length , if k is large enough . Next , suppose the theorem is true for and consider the exact sequence of graded modules ( exact degree-wise ) , with the notation ,
.
Since the length is additive , Poincaré series are also additive . Hence , we have :
.
We can write . Since K is killed by , we can regard it as a graded module over ; the same is true for C. The theorem thus now follows from the inductive hypothesis .
Chain complex
An example of graded vector space is associated to a chain complex , or cochain complex C of vector spaces ; the latter takes the form
The Hilbert–Poincaré series ( here often called the Poincaré polynomial ) of the graded vector space for this complex is
The Hilbert–Poincaré polynomial of the cohomology , with cohomology spaces Hj = Hj ( C ) , is
A famous relation between the two is that there is a polynomial with non-negative coefficients , such that
References
Homological algebra
Linear algebra
Commutative algebra
Mathematical series
Henri Poincaré
Poincare series
John Rennie Blake was the faculty chairperson in charge of Davidson College from 1871 to 1877 .
After the death of George Wilson McPhail , the position of president was vacated as the college opted to elect a faculty member to oversee the college until Andrew Dousa Hepburn was appointed in 1877 . Because Blake was not an ordained minister , they were ineligible to become president according to the college 's constitution . It was during their tenure that Woodrow Wilson and Robert Broadnax Glenn enrolled as students .
References
External links
Biography from the Davidson College Archives & Special Collections
1825 births
1900 deaths
Presidents of Davidson College
People from Greenwood , South Carolina
Lee Mack 's All Star Cast is a Saturday night television programme by the BBC . Each week , host Lee Mack is joined by two celebrity guests and a live studio audience who are entertained by stand-up comedians , random sketches and various games .
Entertainment
The forty-minute-long show mostly involves host Mack talking to their two or more celebrity guests from behind their desk . They always open the show with a short monologue , poking fun at news headlines from the past week .
Face Game
Mack continues the show with an audience competition , giving them an emotion or feeling to portray . The cameras then pick out three or four people with particularly funny faces , who tell Lee Mack and the rest of the audience a story which relates to their portrayal .
Stand Up
A stand up comedian takes to the stage and entertains the audience for 4–5 minutes .
You Got the Look
A part of the show where members of the audience who think they are a lookalike of a celebrity will be interviewed by the celebrity panel . They are compared to that celebrity and the winner is later shown in an advertisement for the next week 's show . This game only lasted for the first three episodes of the series which was later replaced with an exchange between members of the audience and the celebrity guests , with the audience offering an item to them .
The Sketch
This part of the show features Mack and the celebrity guests dress up in strange costumes to entertain the audience . Other celebrities that were not previously involved in the show now appear to 'act ' alongside Lee .
When Will I be Famous ? ( for 15 seconds )
Three or four viewers at home will be shown via Skype to perform an act . They have fifteen seconds to perform , and the winner gets small crown with the number 15 on top . After all the acts have performed and been interviewed by Lee Mack .
Musical performance
To end the show , a musical act will take to the stage and perform a song to promote sales .
Episodes
Promotions
Each week , adverts are shown in between other BBC One programmes , they feature a member of the studio audience who won the 'You Got the Look ' game on the previous week 's show .
References
External links
BBC television comedy
2010s British comedy television series
2011 British television series debuts
2011 British television series endings
The Banggai jungle flycatcher ( Cyornis pelingensis ) is a species of passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae .
It is endemic to Peleng in Indonesia where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
Banggai jungle flycatcher
Birds of Sulawesi
Banggai jungle flycatcher
Plön ( ; Holsatian : Plöön ) is the district seat of the Plön district in Schleswig-Holstein , Germany , and has about 8,700 inhabitants . It lies right on the shores of Schleswig-Holstein 's biggest lake , the Great Plön Lake , as well as on several smaller lakes , touching the town on virtually all sides . The town 's landmark is Plön Castle , a chateau built in the 17th century on a hill overlooking the town .
Plön has a grammar school with a 300-year history , and is home to a German Navy non-commissioned officer school and the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Biology . The town , nestled as it is in the hilly , wooded lake district of Holstein Switzerland ( Holsteinische Schweiz ) , also has importance in the tourism industry .
History
In the course of the Migration Period , Slavic tribes entered the region of Plön during the early 7th century following the withdrawal of the original Germanic population . On the large island opposite Plön , which was later called Olsborg , they built a large fortification . They called their settlement Plune , which means `` ice-free water '' .
In 1075 , Kruto lured Budivoj of the Nakonids into the `` castrum plunense '' ( according to Helmold of Bosau ) , laid siege to him , and then once Budivoj 's men had given themselves up after Kruto 's promises to let them withdraw freely , Kruto had them slain . In 1139 the Count of Holstein , Adolf II of Schauenburg , destroyed the fortress , ending the domination of the Slavs in the region of Plön . Twenty years later , Adolf II had the castle on the island rebuilt , but soon had it moved to the present hill of Schlossberg ( `` castle hill '' ) . It was here , under the protection of the castle and close to the major trading route from Lübeck to the north , that a Saxon market town emerged .
In 1236 , Plön was granted town rights under Lübeck law . Strategically located on a narrow isthmus between the lakes and the River Schwentine , Plön remained a centre of the County of Holstein until the Danish royal house fell in the 15th century .
Between 1561 and 1729 , Plön was the capital of the Duchy of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plön . The Duchy of Schleswig-Holstein-Plön emerged in 1622 as a result of succession in the Danish royal house . From 1633 to 1636 a Renaissance castle was built on the site of the old castle by Duke Joachim Ernest , and Plön became the capital of the small but independent princedom . As a residence town Plön experienced a considerable increase in status . For example , in 1685 Duke John Adolphus ( `` Hans Adolf '' ) founded the new town ( Neustadt ) northwest of the town in order to settle craftsmen here and thus increase the economic might of the duchy . Under Charles Frederick the castle district was expanded with several baroque buildings and a pleasure garden . At that time the town had about 1,000 inhabitants and reached as far as the bridge over the Schwentine in the east and as far as the end of today 's pedestrian zone in the west . Both entrances were protected by gates .
In 1761 the Duchy fell back into the hands of the Danish crown . Plön remained under Danish rule until the Second Schleswig War in 1864 . Although it was the Danish king 's summer residence from time to time , it remained otherwise a sleepy provincial town of about 2,000 inhabitants . The cultural life of the minor residence was charmingly described by Rochus von Liliencron in their `` Childhood Memories '' . In the mid-19th century , the Danish crown prince spent a few years of their summer vacation in Plön Castle , since when it has been decorated in white plaster with a gray roof .
In 1867 Plön became a county town following the introduction of Prussian administrative reforms . The Hohenzollern princes were educated for a time in Plön . The Princes ' Island ( Prinzeninsel ) is still owned by the House of Hohenzollern . Since 1868 , Plön Castle was a Prussian military school . After World War I it became a boarding school that served as a 1933-1945 as a National Political Institutes of Education . Since 1946 , it has again been a state boarding school .
In 1891 Emil Otto Zacharias founded the first `` Biological Station '' for freshwater research on German soil on the Plöner See . It was established as a private research institute with the aid of financial support from the Prussian government and several private citizens . After their death , August Thienemann took the lead . Its successor for a long time was the Max Planck Institute of Limnology , now renamed the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Biology ( see weblinks ) .
The Wehrmacht barracks at Stadtheide near Plön became the temporary location of the remaining members of the Hitler cabinet who had fled Berlin after the death of Adolf Hitler on 30 April 1945 .
Hitler believed that Reichsfuhrer SS Heinrich Himmler was located in Plön and ordered newly appointed Luftwaffe commander Robert Ritter von Greim to fly there to arrest him . However , Himmler had left several hours before Von Greim 's arrival .
On 1 May , Commander of the Navy , Admiral Karl Dönitz , moved into the buildings of the Stadtheide Barracks but it was to be a short stay . Dönitz announced that Hitler had fallen and had appointed them as their successor . On 2 May Dönitz and the new Government Executive of the Reich fled to Flensburg before the approaching British troops and formed the short-lived Flensburg Government .
After WWII Plon was chosen as the site for King Alfred School , a secondary school for British Forces children under the principalship of Freddie Spencer Chapman with their staff at the Ruhleben Barracks site , As such the town holds a place of affection with many former pupils across the world and the declining number of surviving teachers and their families . King Alfred School , Plön can rightly claim to be the first fully comprehensive school in the UK system . This school existed from 1948 to 1959 . The Ruhleben Barracks site had been the German Navy U-Boat training school and has now reverted to a similar function as M.U.S the non-commissioned officer school . The street nearby has a Lighthouse restaurant and down the street is a camping trailer park then a drug abusal hospital and a retirement castle . There are interesting free time activities like canoeing , walking and wandering in the woods or on the great lake .
The German boarding school in Plön Castle was closed in 2001 under the state government of Heide Simonis and the castle was sold to the Fielmann optical company . They re-opened it in October 2006 , after extensive restoration work , as a school for opticians . The total cost of refurbishment and reconstruction was 35 million euros . Today it is a non-profit training centre for the whole field of optics . This has strengthened the economy of the town of Plön , which has become more widely known , even internationally . Each year the castle is home to six thousand Fielmann employees who receive training for anything up to a two-week period . Other students at the castle take part in B.A . and master optician courses . The castle has extensive grounds and is one of the most beautiful castles in Schleswig-Holstein . There are several restored historic buildings - such as the Princes ' House ( Prinzenhaus ) , Old Swimming Baths ( Alte Schwimmhalle ) , Clock House ( Uhrenhaus ) - as well as shady avenues and old trees open to the public to stroll through and explore . Parts of Günther Fielmann 's own antique collection can be viewed at the castle ; it encompasses pieces from the major north European and French epochs since the mid-seventeenth century .
The Princes ' House is affectionately called the `` Pearl of the Rococo Period '' . It was previously used as a summer house and was given its present name when the sons of the last German Emperor , William II were taught in this building . After several years of restoration , it is now again open to the public . The Uhrenhaus now contains the information centre for the Holstein Switzerland Nature Park . The former imperial swimming pool is now a cultural forum , which is available for events and exhibitions . Evidence of the imperial era is still visible in many parts of Plon . For example , there is on the Princes ' Island , a thatched pavilion , from where there is a view of the Great Plön Lake - this was a favourite haunt of the Empress . In the chapel at the Old Cemetery is an altar donated by Empress Augusta Victoria .
Relics of the Cold War can be found in the form of explosive vehicle traps along the Fünf-Seen-Allee ( `` Five Lake Lane '' ) near the old Five Lake Barracks ( formerly home to the 6th Engineer Battalion ( Pionierbataillon 6 ) and 6th Panzergrenadier Division ) , in Plön-Stadtheide .
Politics
Town council
Plön 's town council consists of 23 councillors .
( as of municipal election on May 2013 )
Mayor
After a runoff on 21 November 2004 Jens Paustian became Plön 's mayor .
In 2016 Lars Winter won the elections and is now the mayor
Coat of arms
The coat of arms shows on a silver background above silver and blue waves in which a red fish is swimming , a red , full-width , low crenellated wall made of bricks , on top of which is a short , red crenellated tower with two black window arches ; over the tower hovers Holstein 's coat of arms ( in red a silver nettle leaf )
Partnerships
Plau am See , Mecklenburg-Vorpommern , since 1990
A sponsorship arrangement also exists with the town of Zhilino ( formerly the German town of Schillen ) in the old Tilsit-Ragnit district in Russia 's Kaliningrad Oblast , in what was once East Prussia .
Ksour Essef , Tunisia , since 1969
Plöns Kreis is the partnership of Lääne-Virumaa county in Estonia
Transport
The railway line between Kiel and Lübeck , on which trains run half-hourly in each direction , runs through Plön . Plön station became known Germany-wide as a result of the early evening television series , Kleinstadtbahnhof ( `` small town station '' ) , which was filmed here and starred Heidi Kabel and Gustav Knuth . In the series the town was called `` Lüttin '' .
The town is a highway hub , being on the junction of the federal roads ( Bundesstraßen ) B 76 ( east-west ) and B 430 ( southwest-northeast ) .
Suburbs
The village of Koppelsberg lies on the B 430 to the west of the town .
The village of Sandkaten ( municipality of Bösdorf ) and the new suburb of Stadtheide lie on the B 76 to the east of the town . Most of Stadtheide is built on the newly reclaimed terrain of the old engineer barracks .
Culture
Places of interest
Plön Castle
Plön Castle is one of the most important Renaissance buildings in the country . Until the death of Duke Frederick Charles of Schleswig-Holstein-Plön in 1761 it was the ducal Residenz ; thereafter it was used for various purposes . Today it is owned by the firm of Fielmann .
Parnass Tower
The Parnass Tower is a 20-metre-high , steel lattice tower on a stone plinth erected in 1888 as an observation tower by the Plön Tourism Society ( Plöner Verschönerungsverein ) . It is open from April to October .
Water tower
The old Plön Water Tower ( Wasserturm Plön ) of 1913 lies in the east of the town and is used today as a residence .
Planet Walk
On Plön 's Planet Walk the solar system is mapped on a scale of 1:2,000,000,000 , starting from a symbol of the sun on the landing stage on Market Bridge .
Museums
Museums in Plön include the Museum of Plön District with its North German glass collection , the Nature Park House , the Plön Princes ' House ( Prinzenhaus ) and the Fritz-During Foundation in Plön District .
Krieglstein Puppet Theatre
Opposite the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Biology ( until 2007 : the MPI for Limnology ) is the Krieglstein Puppet Theatre . Ute Krieglstein designed the yarn dolls , including the set and plays songs , composed by her , with their husband , Gerd , who is responsible for the technology . After years as a touring company in Germany , in other European countries and several guest performances in South Korea their company , `` Puppen & Co '' , has had a permanent venue in Plön since 2000 .
Literature : `` Wonderful times in Wonderful Plön ''
Personalities
Georg Michael Telemann ( 1748-1831 ) , church musician and composer
Friedrich Carl Gröger ( 1766-1838 ) , portrait painter and lithographer
Rochus von Liliencron ( 1820-1912 ) , Germanist , music historian and editor of the Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie
Karl Christian Bruhns ( 1830-1881 ) , astronomer
Georg Kuphaldt ( 1853–1938 ) , gardener , landscape architect , dendrologist ,
Karl von Graffen ( 1893-1964 ) , general lieutenant in the Second World War
Karl Mauss ( 1898-1959 ) , officer and general
Lauritz Lauritzen ( 1910-1980 ) , politician 8 ( SPD )
Nick St. Nicholas ( 1943- , Bass player American Rock Band Steppenwolf
References
External links
A Cordial Welcome to Plön
Fielmann-Akademie Schloss Plön with detailed history of Schloss Plön
Gymnasium Schloss Plön
Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Biology
King Alfred School Plön
Ingo Buth – Small town politics whistleblowed by local elderman
Towns in Schleswig-Holstein
Plön ( district )
Seymour Chatman ( August 30 , 1928 – November 4 , 2015 ) was an American film and literary critic and professor emeritus of rhetoric at the University of California , Berkeley .
They are one of the most significant figures of American narratology ( theory of narrative ) , regarded as a prominent representative of its Structuralist or `` classic '' branch .
Personal life
Seymour Chatman was married three times , to Evelyn ( divorced in 1964 ) , Sidsel ( divorced circa 1970 ) , and Barbara . They have three children , Emily Chatman Duffy , an artist , Jennifer Chatman , a professor , and Mariel Chatman Lassalle , a lawyer . They have four granddaughters , Ava , Sonya , Noemie , and Anais .
Published works
Chatman 's work includes :
The Later Style of Henry James ( 1972 )
Story and Discourse : Narrative Structure in fiction and Film ( 1978 )
Michelangelo Antonioni , or , the Surface of the World ( 1986 )
Coming to Terms . The Rhetoric of Narrative in Fiction and Film ( 1990 )
Reading Narrative Fiction ( 1993 )
Michelangelo Antonioni : The Complete Films ( 2004 ) with Paul Duncan
References
External links
1928 births
American film critics
American literary critics
University of California , Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
2015 deaths
The Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , is a national museum which displays the National Collection of Arms and Armour . It is part of the Royal Armouries family of museums , the other sites being the Tower of London , its traditional home , Fort Nelson , Hampshire , for the display of its National Collection of Artillery , and permanent galleries within the Frazier History Museum in Louisville , Kentucky , USA . The Royal Armouries is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport .
The Royal Armouries Museum is a £42.5 million purpose-built museum located in Leeds Dock that opened in 1996 . Its collection was previously on display or in storage at the Tower of London where the Royal Armouries still maintains a presence and displays in the White Tower .
As at all UK National Museums , entry is free , though certain extra attractions are charged for .
Construction
The museum was one of the first projects carried out under the UK private finance initiative : a non-departmental public body , the Royal Armouries , contracted with a private sector company , Royal Armouries International ( RAI ) , which was financed by a long-term bank loan together with equity investment from 3i , Gardner Merchant , Electra and Yorkshire Electricity . RAI commissioned a new building to accommodate the museum : it was designed by Derek Walker and Buro Happold , and built by Alfred McAlpine at a cost of £42.5 million . and was officially opened by Queen Elizabeth II in March 1996 .
Location
Situated close to the city centre on the bank of the River Aire the museum is among many buildings built in the same era that saw a rejuvenation of the Leeds waterfront . It is located on Armouries Square , in Leeds Dock . Road access is by Armouries Drive and Chadwick Street .
Features
Main building
The Royal Armouries Museum itself was designed from the inside out . The ceiling heights of the new building were designed to accommodate the longest staff weapons in the collections , displayed vertically , and are 6.5 meters off the ground at their highest point .
In addition to the five original galleries which house 5,000 objects in the permanent displays and the more recent Peace Gallery , the museum also includes the Hall of Steel , a giant staircase whose walls are decorated with trophy displays composed of 2,500 objects reminiscent of the historical trophy displays erected by the Tower Armouries from the 17th century .
The main entrance to the museum is accessed from Armouries Square .
War
With displays dedicated to :
Ancient and Medieval warfare
17th and 18th centuries
19th and 20th centuries
Peace – farewell to arms ?
This gallery can be found within the War Gallery and looks at the potential for a future free of arms , looking at disarmament and concepts such as détente . This gallery is in partnership with the Peace Museum in nearby Bradford .
Hunting
This gallery deals with the potentially contentious subject of hunting with displays dedicated to :
Hunting through the ages
Hunting as sport
Oriental
A gallery with displays dedicated to :
South and South-east Asia
China and Japan
Central Asia , Islam and India
Tournament
A large gallery on two floors showing a variety of arms and armour from the days of jousting .
Self defence
This gallery has a number of different displays dedicated to :
Arms and armour as art
The armed civilian
IMPACT – A poignant and challenging exhibition documents through photographs , personal statements and video , the effects of gun crime on a community .
Arena
Running alongside the River Aire for 150 metres , with seating on the land-ward side , is the Jousting Arena : though the museum no longer has its own horses , two important jousting contests each year are still held with competitors from all over the world . Easter is the height of the jousting calendar when the arena hosts a four-day international competition between up to four jousting teams . The four teams compete from Good Friday to Easter Sunday against each other , with the tournament final on Easter Monday . Summer sees the jousting season close with the last tournament of the year , an individual joust with jousters from all over the world competing for The Queen 's Golden Jubilee Trophy .
Exhibits
Funding cuts
In March 2011 , following a 15 % reduction in the Royal Armouries 's funding , seventeen members of staff `` including all of the museum 's expert horse riders , professional actors and stable staff '' lost their jobs .
In popular culture
The museum is mentioned in the Kaiser Chiefs song `` teammate '' , from the band 's debut album , Employment .
The Nightmare Stacks , by Charles Stross , is mainly set in and around Leeds and the novel 's title is an allusion to the museum 's holdings .
The Gamespot YouTube series `` Firearms Expert Reacts '' is filmed on the museum grounds and features the Royal Armoury 's Keeper of Firearms and Artillery , Jonathan Ferguson , analyzing the design and use of firearms in popular video games .
References
External links
Museums established in 1996
Military and war museums in England
Museums in Leeds
Museums sponsored by the Department for Digital , Culture , Media and Sport
History museums in West Yorkshire
Armour collections
Torsö Crater is a small impact crater in the Argyre quadrangle of Mars , located at 44.29° S and 51.18° W. It is in diameter . Its name was approved in 1976 by the International Astronomical Union ( IAU ) Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature ( WGPSN ) , and refers to a town in Sweden . Along the rim of Torsö Crater , a number of gullies are visible .
See also
List of craters on Mars : O-Z
References
Impact craters on Mars
Argyre quadrangle
Rastorguyev or Rastorguev ( ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Rastorguyeva or Rastorgueva . It may refer to
Nikolay Rastorguyev ( born 1957 ) , Russian singer
Simon Rastorguev ( born 1981 ) , Russian architect
Stepan Rastorguyev ( 1864–after 1904 ) , Russian explorer
Russian-language surnames
Veniliornis is a genus of birds in the woodpecker family Picidae . They are native to Central and South America .
Taxonomy
The genus was introduced by the French ornithologist Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1854 . The word Veniliornis combines the name of the Roman deity Venilia with the Greek word ornis meaning `` bird '' . The type species was designated as the blood-colored woodpecker ( Veniliornis sanguineus ) by the English zoologist George Robert Gray in 1855 .
The genus contains the following 14 species :
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Higher-level bird taxa restricted to the Neotropics
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
McKinley Elementary School is a former school building located at 640 Plum Street in Wyandotte , Michigan . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017 .
History
The first school building in what is now Wyandotte was constructed in 1837 . A new school as constructed in 1856 , and a Central Union high school was built in 1869 . The first school on the site of the present McKinley Elementary School was constructed in 1872 , and was known as the Third Ward school . This school was demolished in 1901 , and replaced with a new building designed by Malcomson and Higginbotham , and named McKinley Elementary School . By 1937 , this was the oldest elementary school in the district , and the school board began considering replacing it . After exploring funding sources , the board finally approved construction of a new building in late 1938 .
The school district hired architect Carl R. Jensen of Detroit to design the building , and the O.W . Burke Company to construct it . The school opened in March 1940 . The school continued in use until 2009 , when declining enrollment led the school board to close it . As of 2017 , the building is being rehabilitated for housing . Coachlight Properties LLC and Jonesboro Investment Corp. will redevelop the building into 60 market-rate senior apartments .
Description
McKinley Elementary School is a two-story Art deco-style building faced with multi-tone orange brick . the front facade has a raised foundation clad with limestone . It is divided into three main sections : an auditorium in the center and the east and west wings . The central auditorium section is six bays wide , and projects forward from the wings . Six limestone-framed openings in the central section extend two stories above the foundation . Each side wing is eight bays wide , and has a one-story-tall projecting limestone porch entrance abutting the auditorium . The porches shelter a recessed entrance . Above each entrance are three narrow window openings separated by square brick piers topped with limestone . The next four bays of the wings are separated by brick piers and have a set of four windows at the first and second floors . Each bay has a limestone cornice running across the top . The three end bays project slightly , and contain two-story openings framed with limestone , containing windows .
The interior of the building has corridors with terrazzo floors and glazed tile wainscoting with plaster walls above . Inset in the floors on the first story are four medallions designed by Fred Frostic , superintendent of Wyandotte Public Schools at the time the school was built , and their daughter Gwen Frostic . The staircases to the upper floor are metal with terrazzo treads and metal balustrades . Classrooms generally have vinyl tile floors , plaster walls with wood trim , and bulletin and marker boards framed with wood . The kindergarten room has a fireplace surrounded with decorative tile featuring nursery rhyme characters and animals . The school also has an auditorium and gymnasium .
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Art Deco architecture in Michigan
School buildings completed in 1940
Schools in Wayne County , Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Wayne County , Michigan
Wyandotte , Michigan
Unused buildings in Michigan
1940 establishments in Michigan
A two-hander is a term for a play , film , or television programme with only two main characters . The two characters in question often display differences in social standing or experiences , differences that are explored and possibly overcome as the story unfolds . Instances of two-handers may include theatre , film , television episodes , television series , and radio .
Theatre
The Stronger ( 1889 ) by August Strindberg ( also dramatic monologue )
Pariah ( 1889 ) by August Strindberg
Hughie ( 1942 ) by Eugene O'Neill
The Fourposter ( 1951 ) by Jan de Hartog
Two for the Seesaw ( 1958 ) by William Gibson
The Zoo Story ( 1959 ) by Edward Albee
The Dumb Waiter ( 1960 ) by Harold Pinter
Happy Days ( 1961 ) by Samuel Beckett
The Blood Knot ( 1961 ) by Athol Fugard
Dutchman ( 1966 ) by LeRoi Jones
I Do ! I Do ! ( 1966 ) by Tom Jones
Same Time , Next Year ( 1975 ) by Bernard Slade
The Gin Game ( 1976 ) by Donald L. Coburn
The Woods ( 1977 ) by David Mamet
Talley 's Folly ( 1980 ) by Lanford Wilson
Duet for One ( 1980 , filmed in 1986 ) by Tom Kempinski
Educating Rita ( 1980 ) by Willy Russell
Mass Appeal ( 1980 ) by Bill C. Davis
'night , Mother ( 1982 ) by Marsha Norman
Some Men Need Help ( 1982 ) by John Ford Noonan
The Woman in Black ( 1987 ) by Stephen Mallatratt
The Meeting ( 1987 ) by Jeff Stetson
Love Letters ( 1988 ) by A. R. Gurney
Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune ( 1987 ) by Terrence McNally
A Walk in the Woods ( 1988 ) by Lee Blessing
The Secret of Sherlock Holmes ( 1988 ) by Jeremy Paul
Oleanna ( 1992 ) by David Mamet
Lonely Planet ( 1993 ) by Steven Dietz
John & Jen ( 1995 ) by Andrew Lippa and Tom Greenwald
Same Time , Another Year ( 1995 ) by Bernard Slade ( sequel )
Disco Pigs ( 1996 ) by Enda Walsh
Stones in Their Pockets ( 1996 ) by Marie Jones
Vigil ( 1996 ) by Morris Panych
The Blue Room ( 1998 ) by David Hare
Freud 's Last Session ( 1999 ) by Mark St. Germain
Vincent River ( 2000 ) by Philip Ridley
Six Dance Lessons in Six Weeks ( 2001 ) by Richard Alfieri
The Last Five Years ( 2001 ) by Jason Robert Brown
Topdog/Underdog ( 2001 ) by Suzan-Lori Parks
A Number ( 2002 ) by Caryl Churchill
Adrenalin ... Heart ( 2002 ) by Georgia Fitch
Tuesdays with Morrie ( 2002 ) by Mitch Albom and Jeffrey Hatcher
Matt & Ben ( 2002 ) by Mindy Kaling and Brenda Withers
The Sunset Limited ( 2006 ) by Cormac McCarthy
The Story of My Life ( 2009 ) by Neil Bartram and Brian Hill
A Steady Rain ( 2007 ) by Keith Huff
It Felt Empty When The Heart Went At First But It Is Alright Now ( 2009 ) by Lucy Kirkwood
The Mountaintop ( 2009 ) by Katori Hall
Red ( 2009 ) by John Logan
Venus in Fur ( 2010 ) by David Ives
Lungs ( 2011 ) by Duncan Macmillan
In a Forest , Dark and Deep ( 2011 ) by Neil LaBute
Tender Napalm ( 2011 ) by Philip Ridley
Constellations ( 2012 ) by Nick Payne
Between the Sheets ( 2012 ) by Jordi Mand
The Anarchist ( 2012 ) by David Mamet
The Velocity of Autumn ( 2013 ) by Eric Coble
Sex With Strangers ( 2014 ) by Laura Eason
China Doll ( 2015 ) by David Mamet
Guards at the Taj ( 2015 ) by Rajiv Joseph
Opera
Love Counts 2005 by Michael Nyman and Michael Hastings
Film
Heaven Knows , Mr Allison ( 1957 ) by John Huston
Dutchman ( 1966 ) by Anthony Harvey
Hell in the Pacific ( 1968 ) by John Boorman
Sleuth ( 1972 ) by Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Alpha Beta ( 1974 ) by Anthony Page
Same Time , Next Year ( 1978 ) by Robert Mulligan
My Dinner with Andre ( 1981 ) by Louis Malle
Enemy Mine ( 1985 ) by Wolfgang Petersen
'night , Mother ( 1985 ) by Tom Moore
The Caller ( 1987 ) by Arthur Allan Seidelman
Closet Land ( 1991 ) by Radha Bharadwaj
The Mozart Bird ( 1993 ) by Ian Kerkhof
Oleanna ( 1994 ) by David Mamet
Divertimento ( 2000 ) by José García Hernández
Interview ( 2003 ) by Theo van Gogh
Before Sunset ( 2004 ) by Richard Linklater
Aislados ( 2005 ) by David Marqués
In Bed ( 2005 ) by Matias Bize
Conversations with Other Women ( 2005 ) by Hans Canosa
Sleuth ( 2007 ) by Kenneth Branagh
Interview ( 2007 ) by Steve Buscemi
Moon ( 2009 ) by Duncan Jones
Venus in Fur ( 2013 ) by Roman Polanski
The Sunset Limited ( 2011 ) by Tommy Lee Jones
28 Hotel Rooms ( 2012 ) by Matt Ross
Some Velvet Morning ( 2013 ) by Neil LaBute
Committed ( 2014 ) by Stelana Kliris
Creep ( 2014 ) by Patrick Brice
Blue Jay ( 2016 ) by Alex Lehmann
The Pass ( 2016 ) by Ben A. Williams
Destination Wedding ( 2018 ) by Victor Levin
7:20 Once a week ( 2018 ) by Matias Bize
The Lighthouse ( 2019 ) by Robert Eggers
The Two Popes ( 2019 ) by Fernando Meirelles
Friend of the World ( 2020 ) by Brian Patrick Butler
Malcolm & Marie ( 2021 ) by Sam Levinson
Good Luck to You , Leo Grande ( 2022 ) by Sophie Hyde
Television episodes
All in the Family : `` Two 's a Crowd '' ( Season 8 , Episode 19 )
Bottom :
`` Contest '' ( Series 1 , Episode 3 )
`` Culture '' ( Series 2 , Episode 2 )
`` Hole '' ( Series 3 , episode 1 )
Breaking Bad : `` Fly '' ( Season 3 , Episode 10 )
Brookside :
Episode 1103 ( 29 May 1992 )
Episode 2432 ( 23 May 2001 )
Episode 2570 ( 19 August 2001 )
Coronation Street :
Episode 4745a ( 2 January 2000 )
Episode 6519 ( 25 March 2007 )
Dinner for One ( 1963 ) by Lauri Wylie , one of the most frequently repeated TV programmes ever
Doctor Who : Heaven Sent ( Series 9 episode 11 )
EastEnders two-hander episodes
Emmerdale :
Episode 2754 ( 28 September 2000 ) , featuring Paddy Kirk and Mandy Dingle
Episode 3143 ( 28 March 2002 ) , featuring Bernice Blackstock and Ashley Thomas
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic causing a temporary shutdown of production , Emmerdale filmed five two-hander episodes featuring the characters during lockdown , with original storylines resuming once production restarted . These episodes aired on : 8 June 2020 ( episode 8800A ) featuring Sam and Lydia Dingle , 10 June 2020 ( episode 8800B ) featuring Cain and Aaron Dingle , 15 June 2020 ( episode 8800D ) featuring Vinny and Mandy Dingle , 17 June 2020 ( episode 8800C ) featuring Jimmy and Nicola King and 22 June 2020 ( episode 8800E ) featuring Chas Dingle and Paddy Kirk , .
Fair City : Episode ( 19 April 2017 ) , featuring then-married couple Paul and Niamh
Family Guy :
`` Brian & Stewie '' ( Season 9 , Episode 17 )
`` Send in Stewie , Please '' ( Season 16 , Episode 12 )
Four Star Playhouse : `` Award '' ( Season 3 , Episode 38 )
Home and Away : Episode 6361 ( 15 February 2016 ) , featuring Ricky Sharpe and Darryl Braxton
Mad About You : `` The Conversation '' ( Season 6 , Episode 9 )
Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D . : `` 4,722 Hours '' ( Season 3 episode 6 )
Maude :
`` Maude 's Night Out '' ( Season 1 , Episode 22 )
`` The Convention '' ( Season 1 , Episode 14 )
Miranda : `` Just Act Normal '' ( Series 2 , Episode 5 ) , featuring Miranda and Penny in a therapy session following an unfortunate incident involving ice cream , a police officer , a teacher and their 30 pupils
Neighbours :
Episode 8052 ( 5 March 2019 ) , featuring Toadfish Rebecchi and Sonya Rebecchi in which the latter dies from cancer
Episode 8325 ( 23 March 2020 ) , featuring Susan Kennedy and Finn Kelly , who chooses Susan as their next victim .
Please Like Me : `` Scroggin ' '' ( Series 2 , Episode 7 ) , featuring Josh ( Josh Thomas ) and Rose ( Debra Lawrance ) hiking through the woods following the suicide of their friend . Thomas won an AACTA Award for Best Screenplay in Television for writing the episode and Lawrance won an AACTA Award for Best Performance in a Television Comedy for their portrayal of Rose . The episode also received accolades from both the Australian Writer 's Guild and Australian Directors Guild .
Porridge : `` A Night In '' ( Series 1 , Episode 3 )
The Twilight Zone : `` Two '' ( Season 3 , Episode 1 ) , featuring Elizabeth Montgomery and Charles Bronson
Television series
Un gars , une fille ( 1997 ) by Guy A. Lepage
Head Case ( 2007 ) by Alexandra Wentworth
Web Therapy ( 2008 ) by Lisa Kudrow
In Treatment ( 2008 ) by Rodrigo Garcia
Roger & Val Have Just Got In ( 2010 ) by Dawn French
Radio
Ethel and Albert consisted mostly of two-handers .
John Finnemore 's Double Acts
Just Molly and Me was a two-hander sequel to Fibber McGee and Molly .
Vic and Sade began as a two-hander series and often returned to the format after a third character was added when one of the three took a day off .
`` The Bickersons '' Frances Langford and Don Ameche
References
Drama
Richardson Hill ( ) is an ice-free hill in Antarctica , rising above the ice of Island Arena on the north side of the Darwin Mountains . It was mapped by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition ( VUWAE ) ( 1962–63 ) and named for Professor L.R . Richardson of the Victoria University of Wellington , New Zealand , an active supporter of the university 's Antarctic expeditions .
Hills of Oates Land
A currency board is a monetary authority which is required to maintain a fixed exchange rate with a foreign currency . This policy objective requires the conventional objectives of a central bank to be subordinated to the exchange rate target . In colonial administration currency boards were popular because of the advantages of printing appropriate denominations for local conditions , and it also benefited the colony with the seigniorage revenue . However , after World War II many independent countries preferred to have central banks and independent currencies .
Features of `` orthodox '' currency boards
The main qualities of an orthodox currency board are :
A currency board 's foreign currency reserves must be sufficient to ensure that all holders of its notes and coins ( and all bank creditors of a Reserve Account at the currency board ) can convert them into the reserve currency ( usually 110–115 % of the monetary base M0 ) .
A currency board maintains absolute , unlimited convertibility between its notes and coins and the currency against which they are pegged ( the anchor currency ) , at a fixed rate of exchange , with no restrictions on current-account or capital-account transactions .
A currency board only earns profit from interest on foreign reserves ( less the expense of note-issuing ) , and does not engage in forward-exchange transactions . These foreign reserves exist ( 1 ) because local notes have been issued in exchange , or ( 2 ) because commercial banks must , by regulation , deposit a minimum reserve at the Currency Board . ( 1 ) generates a seignorage revenue . ( 2 ) is the revenue on minimum reserves ( revenue of investment activities less cost of minimum reserves remuneration )
A currency board has no discretionary powers to affect monetary policy and does not lend to the government . Governments can not print money , and can only tax or borrow to meet their spending commitments .
A currency board does not act as a lender of last resort to commercial banks , and does not regulate reserve requirements .
A currency board does not attempt to manipulate interest rates by establishing a discount rate like a central bank . The peg with the foreign currency tends to keep interest rates and inflation very closely aligned to those in the country against whose currency the peg is fixed .
Consequences of adopting a fixed exchange rate as prime target
The currency board in question will no longer issue fiat money but instead will only issue one unit of local currency for each unit ( or decided amount ) of foreign currency it has in its vault ( often a hard currency such as the U.S. dollar or the euro ) . The surplus on the balance of payments of that country is reflected by higher deposits local banks hold at the central bank as well as ( initially ) higher deposits of the ( net ) exporting firms at their local banks . The growth of the domestic money supply can now be coupled to the additional deposits of the banks at the central bank that equals additional hard foreign exchange reserves in the hands of the central bank .
Pros and cons
The virtue of this system is that questions of currency stability no longer apply . The drawbacks are that the country no longer has the ability to set monetary policy according to other domestic considerations , and that the fixed exchange rate will , to a large extent , also fix a country 's terms of trade , irrespective of economic differences between it and its trading partners . Typically , currency boards have advantages for small , open economies which would find independent monetary policy difficult to sustain . They can also form a credible commitment to low inflation .
Examples in recent history
More than 70 countries have had currency boards . Currency boards were most widespread in the early and mid 20th century .
Hong Kong operates a currency board ( Hong Kong Monetary Authority ) , as does Bulgaria . Estonia had a currency board fixed to the Deutsche Mark from 1992 to 1999 , when it switched to fixing to the Euro at par . The peg to the Euro was upheld until January 2011 with Estonia 's adoption of the Euro ( see Economy of Estonia for a detailed description of the Estonian currency board ) . Argentina abandoned its currency board in January 2002 after a severe recession . To some , this emphasised the fact that currency boards are not irrevocable , and hence may be abandoned in the face of speculation by foreign exchange traders . However , Argentina 's system was not an orthodox currency board , as it did not strictly follow currency board rules – a fact which many see as the true cause of its collapse . They argue that Argentina 's monetary system was an inconsistent mixture of currency board and central banking elements . It is also thought that the misunderstanding of the workings of the system by economists and policymakers contributed to the Argentine government 's decision to devalue the peso in January 2002 . The economy fell deeper into depression before a recovery began later in the year .
The British Overseas Territories of Gibraltar , the Falkland Islands and St. Helena continue to operate currency boards , backing their locally printed currency notes with sterling reserves .
A gold standard is a special case of a currency board where the value of the national currency is linked to the value of gold instead of a foreign currency .
Examples against the euro
Bulgarian lev
Bosnia and Herzegovina convertible mark ( Konvertibilna marka )
Examples against the U.S. dollar
Hong Kong dollar
Bermudian dollar
Cayman Islands dollar
Djiboutian franc
East Caribbean dollar ( Antigua and Barbuda , Dominica , Grenada , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines )
For complete listing , see United States dollar
Examples against the pound sterling
Falkland Islands pound
Gibraltar pound
Saint Helena pound
Examples against other currencies
Brunei dollar , against the Singapore dollar
Macanese pataca , against the Hong Kong dollar
The Faroe Islands have a de jure currency board , but in fact the Danish National Bank serves as the lender of last resort and all bank accounts are denominated in Danish kroner . The Danish National Bank refers to the Faroese króna as a `` special version '' of the Danish krone . Danish kroner itself is partly back by Euro foreign reserve of Danish National Bank
Historical examples
Argentine peso , pegged against the United States dollar from 1991 until 2002 .
Bahraini dinar , fixed against the pound sterling from 1966 until 1973 .
Bahamian pound , fixed against the pound sterling from 1921 until 1966
Bahamian dollar was fixed against the United States dollar from 1966 until 1968 .
Bosnia and Herzegovina convertible mark , fixed against the Deutsche Mark from 1998 until 2002 . Fixed to the Euro thereafter .
British West African pound , fixed against the pound sterling from 1913 until 1964 .
Ceylonese Rupee , fixed against the Indian silver rupee from 1884 until 1950 .
Irish pound , pegged against pound sterling from independence until 1979 , issued by a currency board until 1942 .
East African shilling , fixed against the pound sterling from 1921 until 1969 .
Estonian kroon , fixed against the Deutsche Mark from independence in 1992 until 1999 . Fixed to the Euro thereafter until 2011 .
Lithuanian litas , fixed against the US dollar from 1994 until 2002 . Fixed to the euro thereafter until 2015 when the litas was replaced with the euro .
See also
Central bank
Dollarization
Monetary policy
Argentine Currency Board
Linked exchange rate system in Hong Kong
References
Further reading
Tiwari , Rajnish ( 2003 ) : Post-Crisis Exchange Rate Regimes in Southeast Asia : An Empirical Survey of De-Facto Policies , Seminar Paper , University of Hamburg . ( PDF )
`` On Currency Boards : An Updated Bibliography of Scholarly Writings . '' ( )
Steve H. Hanke and Kurt Schuler , Currency Boards for Developing Countries : A Handbook ( 1994 , revised edition 2015 ) .
For a precise definition of what constitutes a currency board , including past examples , see :
Hanke , Steve H. ( 2002 ) : `` On Dollarization and Currency Boards : Error and Deception , '' Journal of Policy Reform , Vol . 5 , no . 4 , pp . 203–222 . ( PDF )
Nikolay Nenovsky 's works on Currency boards issues : ( nikolaynenovsky.com )
Arnaldo Mauri , The Currency Board and the rise of banking in British East Africa , W.P . n. 10-2007 , Department of Economics , University of Milan . Abstract in English .
External links
Currency boards and dollarization ( archived Web site )
Johns Hopkins Institute for Applied Economics , Global Health , and the Study of Business Enterprise , Currency Board Book Series , Studies in Applied Economics working paper series ( includes many papers on currency boards ) , , and Digital Archive on Currency Boards .
Board
Monetary policy
Government institutions
WAZR is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Woodstock , Virginia , serving the Central Shenandoah Valley . WAZR is owned and operated by iHeartMedia , Inc .
History
WAZR launched on October 18 , 1985 and officially took its callsign on December 3 . It was owned by Ruarch Associates , LLC of Woodstock , Virginia . The station would carry an adult standards format , branded as `` Z-93 '' . Ruarch sold WAZR to Clear Channel for $ 1.35 million in May 2001 ; the following year the adult standards format was moved from WAZR to WAMM at 1230 AM , while WAZR became a contemporary hit radio format , branded as `` 93.7 Kiss FM ; The Valley 's Hit Music '' . The station 's tower was moved south into Rockingham County and puts a poor signal into Woodstock .
At noon on September 20 , 2010 , WAZR shifted to hot adult contemporary , branded as `` Alice 93.7 ; Music of the 90s , 2K and Today '' . At the same time , the station dropped the syndicated `` Elvis Duran and the Morning Show '' , which had been carried since May 4 , 2009 from 6 to 10am . Elvis returned on July 11 , 2011 .
On September 5 , 2011 , WAZR reverted to its contemporary hit radio format , branded as `` All The Hits ; Alice 93-7 '' . It would continue to keep the Alice name until noon on August 1 , 2012 , when it changed to `` 93-7 Hit Music NOW '' , keeping the contemporary hit radio format and was shortly thereafter shortened to `` 93-7 NOW ; The Valley 's Hit Music Station '' .
References
External links
93-7 NOW Online
1985 establishments in Virginia
Contemporary hit radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1985
AZR
IHeartMedia radio stations
Nathan Ross ( born 14 December 1976 in Australia ) is an Australian born former Scotland ' A ' international rugby union player . They played at Lock .
Ross qualifies for Scotland as their grandfather was born in Dunfermline . They were capped by Scotland A against Romania in 2001 , confirming their Scottish nationality . They were called up for the full Senior squad in 2001 for a training session by Ian McGeechan but not used in a full match .
Ross signed for Glasgow Warriors in 2001 . They gave up a banking job in Brisbane to sign for the Warriors .
They signed for Exeter Chiefs in 2005 .
References
External links
ESPN biography
1976 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Glasgow Warriors players
Australian rugby union players
Scotland ' A ' international rugby union players
Rugby union locks
Our Lady of the Atonement Cathedral , better known as Baguio Cathedral , is a Roman Catholic cathedral located at Cathedral Loop adjacent to Session Road in Baguio , the Philippines , and is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Baguio . Dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary under the title of Our Lady of Atonement , its distinctive pink exterior , twin spires and stained glass windows make it a popular tourist attraction in Baguio . It served as an evacuation center under the Japanese Occupation during Second World War .
History
In 1907 , a Catholic mission chapel , dedicated to St. Patrick , was established by Belgian missionaries from the Congregatio Immaculati Cordis Mariae . The site where the cathedral currently stands was a hill referred to as Kampo by the Ibaloi people . Construction of the cathedral itself began in 1920 under the leadership of the parish priest , Rev Florimond Carlu . The building was completed and consecrated in 1936 . It was dedicated to Our Lady of Atonement .
During the Second World War , the cathedral was an evacuation centre , and it withstood the carpet-bombing of Baguio by Allied forces during liberation on 15 March 1945 . The remains of the thousands that had died in the bombardment are interred within the cathedral precinct .
In February 1986 , antidictatorship organizers based in the Azotea Building and in Cafe Amapola on Session Road learned that the People Power revolution had begun in Manila . Deciding that their locations were too unsafe , they encamped in the courtyard of the Baguio Cathedral , which was located on higher ground . Thus , the cathedral became the site where Baguio City residents had gathered to protest the abuses of the Marcos administration - their own contribution to the largely peaceful People Power revolution .
Features
The cathedral has a distinctive pink façade with a rose window and twin square belfries with pyramidal roofs . Within its large courtyard is a viewing deck that overlooks Session Road and the downtown commercial district of Baguio .
The cathedral is accessible to pedestrians from Session Road via 104-step stone staircase that ends at a Calvary , or through the adjacent campus of Saint Louis University .
A mural on the cathedral grounds , carved by Baguio artist Clinton Pagao Aniversario in 2017 , honors the missionaries of the Congregatio Immaculati Cordis Mariae ( CICM ) who first began Roman Catholic evangelical work in Mountain Province in the 1900s , and were eventually instrumental in the building of the cathedral .
See also
Roman Catholicism in the Philippines
Gallery
Notes
External links
Official website
References
Roman Catholic churches in Benguet
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1936
Roman Catholic cathedrals in the Philippines
Buildings and structures in Baguio
Tourist attractions in Baguio
Landmarks in the Philippines
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the Philippines
Neoclassical church buildings in the Philippines
Skiu ( also Sku and Skyu ) and Kaya ( elev . 3500 m ) are adjacent villages in the Markha River valley in Ladakh , India . The villages contain 9 and 12 households , respectively ; the boundary between the villages is not clearly defined . They lie within the Hemis National Park .
Wheat and vegetables are cultivated by villagers , who also harvest wild seabuckthorn berries .
Skiu and Kaya each have a Buddhist monastery ( gompa ) . The monastery at Skiu was constructed in the 11th century ; Rinchen Zangpo laid its foundation .
References
Villages in Leh tehsil
Mike & The Mechanics is the fifth studio album by Mike + The Mechanics , released in 1999 . As the name is easily confused with the 1985 album ( the first used the plus sign [ + ] ; this uses the ampersand [ & ] ) Mike + The Mechanics , it is also referred to as M6 ( i.e. , the sixth album by the group , including the Hits compilation ) . It includes the top 40 hit `` Now That You 've Gone '' .
This was the last studio album with Paul Young , who died the year after its release ; the group did not release another album until Rewired in 2004 .
The album was not officially released in North America and is only available as an import there . However , the band 's former US label Atlantic Records is still thanked in the liner notes .
Track listing
Personnel
Mike and The Mechanics
Mike Rutherford – electric guitars , bass guitar , backing vocals
Paul Carrack – lead vocals ( 1 , 2 , 4 , 5 , 7 , 9 , 10 , 12 ) , backing vocals , keyboards , electric guitars , drums
Paul Young – lead vocals ( 3 , 6 , 8 , 11 , 13 ) , backing vocals , percussion
Gary Wallis – drums , programming
Additional personnel
Oskar Paul – programming
Steve Pigott – programming
Matthew Vaughan – programming
Simon Hale – string arrangements and conductor
Sharon Woolf – backing vocals
Technical and Design
Nick Davis – engineer ( 1 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 9-12 ) , mixing ( 1 , 3-13 )
Mark Taylor – engineer ( 2 ) , mixing ( 2 )
Simon Hurrell – engineer ( 4 , 8 , 13 )
Ian Huffam – additional engineer ( 1 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 9-12 )
Wherefore Art ? – Cover design
References
Mike + The Mechanics albums
1999 albums
Albums produced by Mike Rutherford
Virgin Records albums
Albums produced by Mark Taylor
Albums produced by Brian Rawling
A patient under investigation ( or a person under investigation ) refers to a person who had been in close contact with a person with confirmed infection or/and may have been to place where there is an outbreak or superspreading event . This person exhibits the symptoms of the disease and is required to be tested , and undergo a quarantine or isolation while waiting for the laboratory results . It is a term used by health care workers in classifying patients during evaluation and testing in contact tracing in times of infectious disease outbreaks .
See also
References
External links
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's When Caring for Patients Under Investigation ( PUIs ) or Patients with Confirmed Ebola Virus Disease ( EVD )
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Human Infection with 2019 Novel Coronavirus Person Under Investigation ( PUI ) and Case Report Form
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Evaluating and Testing Persons for Coronavirus Disease 2019 ( COVID-19 )
Illinois Department of Public Health 's Case Definitions for MERS-CoV Patient Under Investigation ( PUI )
Eurosurveillance 's Differential diagnosis of illness in patients under investigation for the novel coronavirus ( SARS-CoV-2 ) , Italy , February 2020
Infectious diseases
Prevention
Medical hygiene
`` Ca n't Stop '' is a song and lead single by South Korean rock band CNBLUE from their fifth Korean mini-album Ca n't Stop . The music video was released on February 24 , 2014 .
Composition
`` Ca n't Stop '' was composed by CNBLUE vocalist Jung Yong-hwa and Heaven Light .
Promotions
.
Music video
The first teaser for the music video was released on February 19 , 2014 and the second on February 21 , 2014 . The full music video was then released on February 24 , 2014 .
Chart performance
References
2014 singles
CNBLUE songs
2014 songs
Songs written by Jung Yong-hwa
Inapravugal is a 1965 Malayalam language film . It was directed by Kunchacko . Sharada made their debut in this movie . The movie has other notable actors like Satyan , Prem Nazir , Muthaiah , Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair , Kottarakara Sreedharan Nair , S. P. Pillai and Pankajavalli , along with Sharada ( in their major Malayalam debut ) .
Cast
Satyan as Anthony
Prem Nazir as Chandy 's son Rajan
T. S. Muthaiah as Kochappi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Chandy
Kottarakara Sreedharan Nair as Kuncheria
S. P. Pillai as Kutty
Pankajavalli
Sharada as Kuncheria 's daughter Rahel ( Debut )
Plot
Kochappi ( Muthiah ) is the neighbor of Kuncheria ( Kottarakara Sreedharan Nair ) , a bullock cart owner . Kochappi is a ferry owner and their son Anthony ( Satyan ) is in love with Kuncheria 's daughter Rahel ( Sharada ) . Their parents decide to get them married according to the wish of Rahel and Anthony . Chandy ( Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair ) is a rich landlord of the village and their son Rajan ( Prem Nazir ) returns to their village after doing their studies abroad . Rajan gets attracted to Rahel and approach their parents to express the interest to marry them In fact Rajan was unaware of Rahel 's relationship with Anthony . Chandy refuses Rajan 's proposal only because Rahel is poor , but finally agreed with their sons wish . Rahel 's greedy parents agrees with Rajan 's proposal forgetting the promise they have made to Anthony 's parents . This decision creates enmity between both families , who were once good neighbors . Rahel is helpless and unable to object . Anthony falls ill and dies on the day of Rahel 's marriage with Rajan . Unable to bear the grief , they faint and dies after a few days . Rahel is cremated near the grave of Anthony .
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma .
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Kunchacko
Manglehorn is a 2014 American drama film directed by David Gordon Green and written by Paul Logan . The film stars Al Pacino , Holly Hunter , Harmony Korine , and Chris Messina . It was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 71st Venice International Film Festival . The film was released in theaters on June 19 , 2015 by IFC Films .
Plot
A.J . Manglehorn is a reclusive Texas key-maker who spends their days caring for their cat , finding comfort in their work , and lamenting a long lost love . Enter kind-hearted bank teller Dawn whose interest in the eccentric Manglehorn may just be able to draw them out of their shell .
Cast
Al Pacino as A.J . Manglehorn
Holly Hunter as Dawn
Harmony Korine as Gary
Chris Messina as Jacob
Marisa Varela as Patricia
Skylar Gasper as Kylie
Production
The shooting of the film began on November 4 , 2013 in Austin , Texas and the filming lasted for twenty-five days at different locations in the city . The film was scored by Austin post-rock band Explosions in the Sky and David Wingo .
Release
The film premiered in competition at the 71st Venice International Film Festival . It was also screened in the Special Presentations section at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival . The film was released in theaters on June 19 , 2015 by IFC Films .
Reception
Manglehorn received mixed reviews from critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the film has a rating of 51 % , based on 83 reviews , with a rating of 5.45/10 . The consensus reads : `` Manglehorn boasts a nicely understated performance from Al Pacino , but that is n't enough to compensate for a slight story and uneven script . '' On Metacritic , the film has a score of 56 out of 100 , based on reviews from 26 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .
References
External links
2014 films
Films directed by David Gordon Green
Worldview Entertainment films
2014 drama films
American drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
is the first TV anime adaptation of Monkey Punch 's manga series of the same name .
Production
The series was produced by Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation and Tokyo Movie , with character designs by Yasuo Ōtsuka , it was directed originally by Masaaki Ōsumi and later by Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata under the name `` A production '' . It aired on Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation in two seasons from October 24 , 1971 to March 26 , 1972 , the first 11 episodes being of the first season and the latter 12 of the second .
The series centers on the adventures of Arsène Lupin III , the grandson of Arsène Lupin , the gentleman thief of Maurice Leblanc 's series of novels . They are joined by Daisuke Jigen , Lupin 's closest ally ; Fujiko Mine , the femme fatale and Lupin 's love interest who works against Lupin more often than with him ; and Goemon Ishikawa XIII , a master swordsman and a descendant of Ishikawa Goemon , the legendary Japanese bandit . Lupin is often chased by Inspector Zenigata of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police , a descendant of Zenigata Heiji . A rather cynical detective , Zenigata has made it their life 's mission to chase Lupin across the globe in hopes of arresting him .
When Miyazaki and Takahata took over directing duties from Ōsumi , they changed the tone of the series , adding more humor and making Lupin more family friendly , setting the blueprint for all subsequent Lupin animations ( with the exception of The Mystery of Mamo and the 2012 TV series ) . A pilot film , also directed by Ōsumi , was made in 1969 prior to this anime , footage from the pilot is used in the opening sequences . Several of the early episodes take their plotlines from chapters of the original manga , namely episodes 2 and 4-6 . The show has three opening theme songs and one ending song . Charlie Kosei sings the first two openings , ( originally known as ) ( eps . 1-3 , 9 ) and `` Afro Lupin '68 '' ( eps . 4-8 , 10-15 ) , and the ending , , while the last opening is ( eps . 16-23 ) by Yoshiro Hiroishi .
The first Lupin III TV series was released in Japan in a DVD box set by VAP on October 14 , 2001 , and on five separate individual discs on April 3 , 2002 . It was included in the Lupin the Box - TV & the movie - box set that was released on March 14 , 2007 , which also contained the second and third TV series and the first three theatrical films , and was released in a Blu-ray box set on December 12 , 2008 . On July 12 , 2011 , Discotek announced they licensed the entire TV series for a North American DVD release on June 26 , 2012 . The episodes are subtitled , several have optional English commentary by Lupin fans , and the release also includes extensive liner notes on each episode and both versions of the 1969 pilot film .
Pilot film
Episodes
See also
Lupin III
List of Lupin III Part II episodes
List of Lupin III Part III episodes
List of Lupin III : The Woman Called Fujiko Mine episodes
List of Lupin III Part IV episodes
List of Lupin III Part V episodes
List of Lupin III television specials
References
External links
Official website
Lupin III First TV Series on The Lupin III Encyclopedia
Lupin the Third Part I
Lupin the Third Part I
es : Anexo : Episodios de Lupin III # Serie 1 ( 1971 )
ja : ルパン三世 ( TV第1シリーズ )
zh : 鲁邦三世 ( TV第1期 )
Grand Prince Neungwon ( Hangul : 능원대군 , Hanja : 綾原大君 ; 15 May 1598 - 26 January 1656 ) , personal name Yi Bo ( Hangul : 이보 , Hanja : 李俌 ) was a Korean Politician in the Late Joseon dynasty . They were also a Korean Royal Prince as the second son of Wonjong of Joseon and Queen Inheon of the Neungseong Gu clan . They were the younger brother of Injo of Joseon .
Biography
Early life
The future Grand Prince Neungwon was born on 15 May 1598 ( 31st year reign of Seonjo of Joseon ) in Seongcheon , Pyeongan-do , Kingdom of Joseon as the second son of Prince Jeongwon ( 정원군 , 定遠君 ) and Princess Consort Yeonju of the Neungseong Gu clan ( 연주군부인 , 連珠郡夫人 ) during the Late Imjin War periods ( 임진왜란 ) . Since child , they were spent a brief childhood in Pyeongyang-si , Pyeongan-do and grew up in their father 's private residence in Hanseong-bu .
Meanwhile , later in 1608 ( 41st year reign of their grandfather , Seonjo of Joseon ) , at 11 years old , Bo was adopted as their 1st uncle , Prince Uian ( 의안군 ) 's son . However , Prince Uian at 12 years old and later , in 1601 , Bo was given royal title Master Neungwon ( 능원수 , 綾原守 ) at first and later changed into Prince Neungwon ( 능원군 ) on 1608 .
During Gwanghaegun of Joseon 's reign
In 1608 ( Gwanghaegun 's ascension to the throne ) , immediately after Yu Yeong-Gyeong ( 유영경 ) 's death in prison , the Prince become of Jeongunwonjonggongsin rank 1 ( 정운원종공신 1등 ) . Later , in 1613 ( 5th year reign of Gwanghaegun ) , after Prince Imhae ( 임해군 ) was imprisoned , they became Iksawonjonggongsin rank 1 ( 익사원종공신 1등 ) . However , 4 years later in 1617 ( 10th year reign of Gwanghaegun ) , they were participated in the discussion on the abolition of Dowager Queen Inmok ( 인목대비 ) as the senior person in the palace . Other bureaucrats whom participated in this discussion were punished , but they are n't got punished .
During Injo of Joseon 's reign
Later , on 13 March 1623 , their big brother , Prince Neungyang ( 능양군 ) make a rebellion and then ascended the throne . However , when their youngest brother , Prince Neungchang ( 능창군 ) was exiled to Gyo-dong on charges of treason in 1615 ( 7th year reign of Gwanghaegun of Joseon ) , they were immediately killed and died in there . Heard if the youngest brother was death , their father , Wonjong was so heartbroken over this and while drinking the alcohol , they died on 2 February 1619 ( 11st year reign of Gwanghaegun of Joseon ) at 40 years old .
Then , on 22 December in the same year , Neungwon became an officer in Sodeokdaebu ( 소덕대부 ) . However , in March 1625 ( Injo 's 3rd year reign ) , a man named Jeong Yeong-Sin ( 정영신 ) , the servant of Neungwon 's adopted father was beaten and got killed .
At this time , there were some ministers accused him , but Injo only believed the words of the servants who betrayed them and did n't conduct the investigation fairly , instead ordered the ministers to leave . Afterwards , both of Yun Sun-Ji ( 윤순지 ) and Gim-Yu ( 김유 ) were filed an appeal for fear that the state 's words would be blocked and Injo then apologized for being too excessive .
However , on 28 November 1625 ( Injo 's 3rd year reign ) , when their mother , Lady Gyewoon ( 계운궁 , 啓運宮 ) became critically ill , Injo specially offered Hyeollokdaebu ( 현록대부 ) to Neungwon in order to comfort their biological mother . Later , when their mother passed away on 10 February 1626 , Neungwon become the resident instead of Injo . Numerous ministers argued that Neungwon , who had already been adopted by Prince Uian , could n't be Lady Gyewoon 's resident , but Injo did n't grant permission and refused it . After that , Neungwon must face a difficult life because they were being dismissed from the office and must divorce from their wife , Lady Yu ( 유씨 ) because their father was failed in conspiracy to make Prince Inseong ( 인성군 ) , the first son of Seonjo of Joseon and Royal Noble Consort Jeong of the Yeoheung Min clan as the new King to succeeded Gwanghae in the throne , so King Injo demanded them to divorced from them At first , they refused this , but later removed their title and demoted to just be their concubine ( 첩 , 妾 ) . Although that , they can still able to lived in their home .
Meanwhile , when Injo concerned about their small house , Injo fell wrong with this and gave them a special palace in Yihyeon ( 이현 , 梨峴 ) , Hanseong-bu as their house . Later , on 17 September 1628 ( Injo 's 5th year reign ) , Neungwon became Somuwonjonggongsin rank 1 ( 소무원종공신 1등 ) .
After Military Service and ranks
Later , after Injo 's ascension to the throne , their father was honoured as King Wonjong ( 원종왕 , 元宗王 ) and their mother was honoured as Queen Inheon ( 인헌왕후 , 仁獻王后 ) . Then , on 4 May 1623 ( Injo 's 10th year reign ) , they were honoured as Grand Prince Neungwon ( 능원대군 , 綾原大君 ) along with their younger brother who was died as Grand Prince Neungchang ( 능창대군 , 綾昌大君 ) . In 1645 ( Injo 's 23rd year reign ) , they received a portion of the envoys from Dorgon ( 도르곤 ) who was the Prince regent of Qing dynasty .
Later , in September 1646 ( 24th year reign of Injo of Joseon ) , after Sim Gi-won ( 심기원 ) 's rebellion case was ended , Neungwon became Yeonggukgongsin ( 영국공신 , 寧國功臣 ) and then Yeonggukwonjonggongsin ( 영국원종공신 , 寧國元從功臣 ) in September 1646 ( Injo 's 24th year reign ) .
Faction
Famous figures of their faction ( 능원대군파 ) were such as the Politician Yi Jin-Yong ( 정치인 이진용 ) and the playwright Yi Hae-Rang ( 연극인 이해랑 ) . Meanwhile , since the Prince was adopted by their 1st uncle , their faction was sometimes called as Prince Uian Faction ( 의안군파 ) .
Died and later life
They later died on 26 January 1656 ( 7th year reign of their nephew , Hyojong of Joseon ) at 57 years old and received their Posthumous name , then , was buried in Nokchon-ri , Hwado-eup , Namyangju-si , Gyeonggi-do along with their wife . On the other hand , it was said that they also claimed the theory of Cheokhwa ( 척화 ) together with Gim Sang-Heon ( 김상헌 ) , who was a presiding officer at the time , despite the growing public opinion insisting on strengthening the Qing dynasty .
They were also ignorant of Buddhism and did n't even look the cause , but after their 1st father in-law , Yu Hyo-Rib ( 유효립 ) was punished and exiled , they faced their wife , wept and complained about this . It was said that they lived together as before without any regrets .
Family
Grand Prince Neungwon had 20 grandchildren and 45 middle-grandsons , almost of them were lived with prospering . Their Sindo ( 신도 ) was written by Song Siyeol ( 송시열 ) and Jo Sa-U ( 조사우 ) .
Father :
Biological - Wonjong of Joseon ( 2 August 1580 - 29 December 1619 ) ( 조선 원종 )
Adopted ( Uncle ) - Yi Seong , Prince Uian ( 이성 의안군 ) ( 1577 - 20 March 1588 )
Grandfather - Seonjo of Joseon ( 26 November 1552 - 16 March 1608 ) ( 조선 선조왕 )
Grandmother - Royal Noble Consort In of the Suwon Kim clan ( 1555 - 10 December 1613 ) ( 인빈 김씨 )
Mother - Queen Inheon of the Neungseong Gu clan ( 17 April 1578 - 14 January 1626 ) ( 인헌왕후 구씨 )
Grandfather - Gu Sa-maeng , Duke Munui , Internal Prince Neungan ( 1531 - 1 April 1604 ) ( 구사맹 문의공 능안부원군 )
Grandmother - Internal Princess Consort Pyeongsan of the Pyeongsan Sin clan ( 1538 - 1562 ) ( 평산부부인 평산 신씨 )
Sibling ( s ) :
Older brother - Yi Jong , Grand Prince Neungyang ( 7 December 1595 - 17 June 1649 ) ( 이종 능양대군 )
Sister-in-law - Queen Inryeol of the Cheongju Han clan ( 16 August 1594 - 16 January 1636 ) ( 인열왕후 한씨 )
Nephew - Yi Wang , Crown Prince Sohyeon ( 5 February 1612 – 21 May 1645 ) ( 이왕 소현세자 )
Nephew - Yi Ho , King Hyojong ( 봉림대군 ) ( 3 July 1619 – 23 June 1659 )
Nephew - Yi Yo , Grand Prince Inpyeong ( 10 December 1622 – 13 May 1658 ) ( 이요 인평대군 )
Nephew - Yi Gon , Grand Prince Yongseong ( 24 October 1624 – 22 December 1629 ) ( 이곤 용성대군 )
Unnamed niece ( 1626 - 1626 )
Unnamed nephew ( 1629 - 1629 )
Unnamed nephew ( 12 January 1635 - 16 January 1635 )
Sister-in-law - Queen Jangryeol of the Yangju Jo clan ( 16 December 1624 - 20 September 1688 ) ( 장렬왕후 조씨 ) — No issue .
Younger brother - Yi Jeon , Grand Prince Neungchang ( 16 July 1599 - 17 November 1615 ) ( 이전 능창대군 )
Sister-in-law - Grand Princess Consort Gu of the Neungseong Gu clan ( 부부인 능성 구씨 )
Adoptive nephew - Yi Yo , Grand Prince Inpyeong ( 인평대군 요 ) ( 1622 - 1658 ) ; 3rd son of King Injo
Consorts and their Respective Issue ( s ) :
Grand Princess Consort Munhwa of the Munhwa Ryu clan ( 27 October 1598 - 3 August 1676 ) ( 문화부부인 문화 류씨 )
Grand Princess Consort of the Yeongam Kim clan ( 9 March 1610 - 25 January 1696 ) ( 부부인 영암 김씨 )
Yi Sik , Prince Yeongpung ( ? - 1692 ) ( 이식 영풍군 )
Yi Ham , Prince Yeongeun ( 이함 영은군 )
Yi Hyeong , Prince Yeongsin ( 이형 영신군 )
Yi Jeong , Prince Yeongchun ( 이정 영춘군 )
Yi Yu ( 이유 )
Lady Yi ( 이씨 )
Lady Yi Yeong-Jeong ( 1639 - 1657 ) ( 이영정 , 李英淨 )
Lady Yi ( 이씨 )
Legacy
Their tomb designated as Gyeonggi-do Cultural Heritage Material No . 115 on 16 September 2002 by the Cultural Heritage Administration of the Republic of Korea .
References
External links
능원대군 in Encykorea ( in Korean ) . Retrieved June 5 , 2021 .
1598 births
1656 deaths
Korean princes
House of Yi
16th-century Korean people
17th-century Korean people
A mainline flight is a flight operated by an airline 's main operating unit , rather than by regional alliances , regional code-shares , regional subsidiaries , or wholly owned subsidiaries offering low-cost operations . Mainline carriers typically operate between hub airports within their network and on international or long-haul services , using narrow-body and wide-body aircraft . This is in contrast to regional airlines , providing feeder services to hub airports operating smaller turboprop or regional jet aircraft , or low-cost carrier subsidiaries serving leisure markets .
In the United States , examples of mainline passenger airline flights include those operated by American Airlines , Delta Air Lines , and United Airlines ; but not flights operated by regional airlines Envoy Air , Mesa Airlines , Executive Airlines , Piedmont Airlines , or PSA Airlines with regional jets or the services of regional airline marketing brands such as American Eagle , Delta Connection , or United Express aboard lower-capacity narrowbody jets and turboprop aircraft , such as those produced by Embraer or Bombardier , that do not have transcontinental range .
U.S. legacy carriers may operate branded mainline services using the same flight crews and AOC as that of their mainline operations . For example , United p.s . and American Flagship Service cater to the medium-haul transcontinental business segment . Short-haul air shuttles , such as Delta Shuttle , operate at high frequency intervals between busy city pairs . Previously , U.S. legacy carriers operated low-cost air services within their mainline operations to compete with low-cost carriers ; these operations were short-lived and included brands such as Continental Lite , Song ( Delta ) , and Ted ( United ) . Outside the U.S. , low-cost carrier subsidiary airlines are more common , with examples including Air Canada Rouge , Jetstar Airways ( subsidiary of Qantas ) , and Eurowings ( subsidiary of Lufthansa ) .
An airline carrier 's collective bargaining agreement with flight crews stipulates the maximum seating capacity of regional aircraft ; as such , any aircraft that exceeds this capacity must operate as a mainline flight . The converse is not the case ; mainline flight crews , with proper type ratings , may operate aircraft that are smaller than typical mainline aircraft .
Mainline Subsidiary Carriers and Airline within an Airline Brands
Notes :
1Though not part of the main `` legacy airline '' or `` flag carrier '' ; these particular airlines are often described as `` regional airlines '' by the mainline airline counterparts they are affiliated or owned by .
2These airline businesses resultant of airline liberalization in Europe , really do not have a `` mainline brand ; '' but do have unified brandings across multiple individual airline certificates forming `` virtual airlines '' much like the American Eagle , Delta Connection , and United Express banner branded regional airlines in the United States .
North American Mainline Carrier 's Regional Affiliates
Notes :
1 Branding used for regional feeder service and commuter flights . Operated either by a regional subsidiary or under contract by an independent regional airline .
2These airlines are independent and not subsidiaries of mainline air carriers .
3 These independent airlines operate regional aircraft under codeshare agreements with a mainline carrier .
4 Independent airlines operating under a capacity purchase agreement with their mainline partner
See also
Flag carrier
Notes
References
AA and early references to mainline , regional and B-scale .
Business model of new Airlines like GLO not operating their own aircraft but leasing them from other certificated air carriers , and creating their own airline brand without the actual assets of a true airline .
Airline types
Civil aviation
Tower Mountain , elevation , is a summit in the San Juan Mountains located northeast of Silverton , Colorado .
See also
List of mountain peaks of North America
List of mountain peaks of the United States
List of mountain peaks of Colorado
References
External links
Mountains of Colorado
Mountains of San Juan County , Colorado
North American 4000 m summits
Punjabhai Bhimabhai Vansh ( born 1964 ) is an Indian National Congress politician from Gujarat , India . They are also a Member of Gujarat Legislative Assembly . They belong to Talpada Koli community of Gujarat .
Constituency
They represent the Una Vidhan Sabha constituency of Gujarat .
References
Indian National Congress politicians from Gujarat
Koli people
Living people
1964 births
Gujarat MLAs 2012–2017
Gujarat MLAs 2017–2022
Jernej Koblar ( born 30 September 1971 , in Jesenice ) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics , 1998 Winter Olympics , and 2002 Winter Olympics .
They are the husband of the former biathlete Andreja Koblar .
External links
sports-reference.com
1971 births
Living people
Slovenian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Slovenia
Alpine skiers at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Jesenice , Jesenice
The term tithe map is usually applied to a map of an English or Welsh parish or township , prepared following the Tithe Commutation Act 1836 . This act allowed tithes to be paid in cash rather than goods . The map and its accompanying schedule gave the names of all owners and occupiers of land in the parish . Individual tithe owners sometimes prepared maps for their own use to show who owned what land . These maps are sometimes also called tithe maps , although such maps are not common before 1836 .
Tithes
The payment of one tenth of local produce to the church had been established in Anglo-Saxon England before the Norman Conquest . This was originally in kind : every tenth stook of corn , etc . It originally supported the local priest , but in some cases the right to receive the tithe was acquired by an organisation such as a monastery or college , who paid a curate . With the dissolution of the monasteries , the right to receive tithes was acquired by a number of private landlords . In some instances , a tithe barn was built to hold the tithes . Tithes themselves were controversial , particularly among nonconformists who resented supporting the established church ; and payment in kind was sometimes not convenient for either the farmer or the tithe owner .
Conversion to cash payments
Over time , in some parishes , the tithe owner came to an agreement with the tithe payers to receive cash instead of farm produce . This could be for a fixed period of time or indefinitely . During the period of parliamentary enclosure , the various Inclosure Acts abolished tithes in many places in return for an allocation of land to the tithe owner . However , in many parishes , tithes continued to be paid in kind .
Tithe Commutation Act 1836
The Tithe Commutation Act 1836 and an amending act in 1837 established a procedure whereby tithes could be converted to money payments . This required the drawing of an accurate map ( the accuracy of which was certified by commissioners ) showing all the land in the parish . The series of maps resulting from this legislation provides unprecedented coverage , detail and accuracy .
The initial intention was to produce maps of the highest possible quality , but the expense ( incurred by the landowners ) led to the provision that the accuracy of the maps would be testified by the seal of the commissioners , and only maps of suitable quality would be so sealed . In the end , about one sixth of the maps had seals . A map was produced for each `` tithe district '' , that is , a region in which tithes were paid as a unit . These could be distinct from parishes or townships . Areas in which tithes had already been commuted were not mapped , so that coverage varied widely from county to county . The maps indicated parcels of land and buildings , assigning each a number .
Each map was accompanied by a schedule listing each map item by number . This showed the owners , occupiers and a description of the land in the parish including individual fields - sometimes with field names . ( The description might be short : house and barn , arable , etc . ) A preamble gave the name of the tithe owner , the circumstances under which tithes were owed , and whether the apportionment was subject to an agreement between the parties , or was being imposed by the Crown . Most of the surveying and mapping was carried out by 1841 , and the work was largely completed by 1851 . In some cases amendments had to be filed when properties were divided or other circumstances intervened . The work was also complicated by numerous inconsistencies in the ways tithes were assessed . For example , timber might or might not include standing trees , branches , acorns , mast , and even charcoal . Variations as to the circumstances of tithe-paying were also considerable .
Three copies of these maps and schedules were prepared : one copy was held centrally by the Tithe Commissioners , one locally in the parish church and one in the diocesan registry .
Maps
The maps and schedules held by the commissioners passed to the Inland Revenue ( the predecessors of HMRC ) and are now held in The National Archives at Kew ( classes IR29 and IR30 ) . In a partnership with The National Archives and a family history data website , TheGenealogist , it is possible to search the apportionments and view tithe maps . The black and white maps and apportionments that are online cover all that are available for England and Wales while there is an ongoing project by TheGenealogist to scan the originals in colour , some of which they have already made available .
Most of the extant parish copies are now held at the county record office . The diocesan copies for most Welsh parishes are held in the National Library of Wales at Aberystwyth . Prior to the publication of large scale Ordnance Survey maps in the late 19th century , tithe maps were frequently copied ( in whole or part ) for other purposes : for example in connection with planned railways , or as part of the title deeds transferred on a sale of land . More recently , tithe maps and apportionments have often been used for reference by genealogists and other historical researchers . For many parishes they provide the only large scale map showing the landscape prior to the Industrial Revolution , and they frequently provide the earliest evidence for the field system in the parish .
See also
Church tax
References
Further reading
William Foot , Maps for Family History ( Public Record Office Readers Guide No 9 , PRO Publications , 1994 )
J . B. Harley , Maps for the local historian ( Blackfriars Press , reprinted 1977 )
Roger Kain and Hugh Prince , Tithe Surveys for Historians ( Philimore , 2000 )
The Tithe Maps of England and Wales : A Cartographic Analysis and County-by-County Catalogue , by Roger J. P. Kain ( Author ) , Richard R. Oliver ( 1995 )
Lionel Munby , Short Guide to Records , No 20 ( The Historical Association , undated )
List and Index Society , Inland Revenue ; Tithe Maps and Apportionments ( List and Index Society ; Volume I , 1971 and volume II , 1972 )
Herbert Hope Lockwood , Tithe & Other Records of Essex and Barking ( Essex Record Office , 2006 )
Robert Davies , The Tithe Maps of Wales ( National Library of Wales , 1999 )
Helen Wallis ( ed ) , Historians Guide to Early British Maps ( Royal Historical Society , 1994 )
External links
Cheshire 's Tithe Maps Online
Norfolk E-Map Explorer - Historic tithe maps of Norfolk
Tithe Maps of Wales , National Library of Wales
Welsh Tithe Maps - Places of Wales ; Discover the tithe maps of Wales
Tracks in Time : The Leeds Tithe Map Digital Resource
Map types
Tithes
Landscape history
Esenboğa , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
New Harrison is an unincorporated community in Darke County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .
History
New Harrison was laid out in 1837 . A post office called New Harrison was established in 1852 , and remained in operation until 1859 . The growth and prosperity of New Harrison was soon hampered by its proximity to Gettysburg .
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County , Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Adele Lewisohn Lehman ( May 17 , 1882 – August 11 , 1965 ) was an American philanthropist and member of the Lehman family .
Biography
Adele Lewisohn Lehman was born to a Jewish family on May 17 , 1882 in New York City , the daughter of Emma ( née Cahn ) and Adolph Lewisohn .
Them father and their brothers ( Julius and Leonard ) were known as `` copper kings '' after making their fortune opening copper mines to fuel demand for copper wire with the advent of electricity ; their father was also a leader in prison reform .
Lehman attended the Anne Brown School and then Barnard College , where they were a member of the class of 1903 .
Philanthropy
Coming from wealth and marrying into wealth , Lehman was a prominent philanthropist . Although Lehman was an honorary chairperson for the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies ( founded by their husband Arthur Lehman ) , most of their philanthropic efforts were secular .
They were a board member of the New York Service for the Orthopedically Handicapped ; was both a founder and board member of the Arthur Lehman Counseling Service ; served as the president of the East Side Free School for Crippled Children ; the Purple Box , an outlet for the sale of goods made by disabled women ; served as director of the Adoption Bureau ; was a board member of the New York Board of Charities ; a member of the Crusade for Children ( part of the Child Welfare League of America ) ; served as vice president of the League of Women Voters until 1945 ; and served on the board of directors for the Philharmonic Symphony Society of New York ( elected 1947 ) ; and was a board member of the Hebrew Sheltering Guardian Society . In 1957 , the Adele Lehman Hall at Barnard College was named in their honor ; the hall held the Wollman Library until 2015 .
Personal life
On November 25 , 1901 , they married Arthur Lehman ( 1873-1936 ) , son of Babette ( née Newgass ) and Mayer Lehman . Arthur belonged to the prominent Lehman family : their father was a co-founder of Lehman Brothers ; brother Herbert H. Lehman , was a former governor and senator of New York ; another brother , Irving Lehman , was a former judge of the New York state court of appeals .
Together they had three daughters : Dorothy Lehman Bernhard ( 1904-1969 ) , Helen Lehman Buttenwieser ( 1905-1989 ) , and Frances Lehman Loeb ( 1906-1996 ) .
Lehman died of a cerebral hemorrhage on August 11 , 1965 at their home in Purchase , New York .
Lehman belonged to Temple Emanu-El in Manhattan .
All of the families marrying each daughter of Adele and Arthur Lehman ( the Bernhards , the Buttenweisers , and the Loebs ) were as well , members of famed Temple Emanu-El . They were also a championship tennis player havong won thirty-eight competitions .
Lehman and their husband collected paintings , decorative arts , bronzes , ceramics , and tapestries from the 14th to 20th centuries . Their collection consisted of Italian primitives , and works by Henry Raeburn , Jean Baptiste Greuze , Francesco Guardi , Corneille de Lyon , Claude Lorrain , Gustave Courbet , Jan van Goyen , Aert van der Neer , Aelbert Cuyp , Jacob Isaacksz van Ruisdael , and Thomas Lawrence . After the death of their husband , they continued to expand their collection purchasing works by Van Gogh , Rousseau , Paul Gauguin , Renoir , Eugène Boudin , Odilon Redon , Georges Seurat , Paul Signac , Édouard Vuillard , Matisse , Derain , Whistler , Childe Hassam , and Degas . Upon their death , they left much of their collection to the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Fogg Museum .
References
1882 births
1965 deaths
Barnard College alumni
Jewish American philanthropists
Lehman family
Robert McDonald Watt ( June 24 , 1927 – May 11 , 2010 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player . They were a member of the Edmonton Mercurys that won a gold medal at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo , Norway .
Awards and honors
External links
Bob Watt 's profile at databaseOlympics
Bob Watt 's obituary
1927 births
2010 deaths
People from Red Deer County
Ice hockey players at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Medalists at the 1952 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
AHCA Division I men 's ice hockey All-Americans
The National Touch League is a national-wide domestic competition for the sport of Touch Football in Australia . The annual four-day competition allows thirteen regional permits from across Australia to compete in twelve divisions including Open , Mixed and Senior categories . The competition is split into a Seniors competition ( over-age divisions from over 30s to over 50s ) and an Open competition ( not restricted by age , other than for the under 20s divisions ) .
Prior to the formation of the NRL Touch Premiership in May 2018 , the competition was the pinnacle of Australian domestic touch football , and the primary selection event for national representative teams .
Divisions
The 12 divisions contested at the National Touch League from 1997 to 2007 were
Opens : Men , Women , Mixed
Under 20 years : Men , Women
Over 30 years : Men , Women
Over 35 years : Men , Women
Over 40 years : Men , Women
Over 45 years : Men , Women
Over 50 years : Men
In 2008 until 2011 , under the revised format , these divisions were altered to
Opens : Men , Women , Mixed
Under 20 years ( from 2010 ) : Men , Women
Over 27 years : Women
Over 30 years : Men
Senior Mixed ( Women over 30 , Men over 35 )
Senior Women ( over 35s and over 40s teams )
Over 40 years : Men
Over 45 years : Men
Over 50 years : Men
From 2012 until 2018 , the NTL consisted of the following divisions :
Elite 8 : Men , Women
Open : Mixed
T-League : Men , Women
Over 27 years : Women
Over 30 years : Men
Senior Mixed ( Women over 30 , Men over 35 )
Over 35 years : Women
Over 40 years : Men , Women
Over 45 years : Men , Women
Over 50 years : Men
Over 55 years : Men
Over 60 years : Men
History
The National Touch League was created to replace the 'Australian Nationals ' which featured the seven Australian states . The finals of this competition were traditionally played between Queensland and New South Wales , the two most dominant touch playing states , with the Australian Capital Territory also performing strongly . The National Touch League increased representative opportunities for players from these states , while providing a more level playing field for competitors from the non-rugby league playing states . The first National Touch League was played in 1997 .
While the format of the competition has had some minor amendments during the past 10 years of competition the stability of the event has led to the development of fierce rivalries between regions . The traditionally strong Touch Football regions have maintained their dominance of the competition .
At the time of its introduction the NTL was seen as being a move away from the past and step forward in the future development of Touch in Australia . Each of the 12 permit holders was to represent an equal number of registered players , making for a fairer , more competitive tournament . The playing talent is spread far more evenly and it was to give a larger number of players an opportunity to impress for higher representative honours . The NTL was also to provide the players with an important intermediate competition between local and state or national teams .
The NTL was also seen as being a marketing tool that would have significant value as a promotional vehicle . The first NTL opened up merchandising and sponsorship opportunities , and was televised on regional television networks and the Optus Vision cable network .
The NTL was also expected to deliver a strong national club structure which would engender regional identity and lead to further grass roots development within the sport .
Format and Focus
The competition was initially established to provide wide exposure to the elite competition in open divisions . As the competition evolved between 1997 and 2007 its popularity , especially with senior players , has led to the original focus being broadened to include participation .
The 1997 National Touch League was held from on 17–19 October . The divisions contested were Open Men , Women and Mixed and under-20 Men and Women . Most of the 12 permit holders fielded Men 's , Women 's and Mixed teams . The tournament finals were broadcast on WIN Television , NBN Television and Optus vision while NBN as the host broadcaster also ran 50 television commercials to promote the 1997 event .
The 1998 NTL ran from in October . The competition was run as two separate competitions , the Open divisions and the Seniors divisions . This format would persist until 2008 .
The 2008 NTL saw a significant restructuring with the Open and Senior competition being run concurrently . The Seniors competition was run from the 12th to 14 March 2008 , and for the first time in the events history , the Opens competition overlapped the Seniors competition , starting on the 13th and running until 15 March . The under-20s divisions were removed from the Open competition and were held in conjunction with the National 18s competition , to become the Touch Football National Youth Championships held from the 17th to 20 September . They later returned to the NTL .
2010 became the biggest NTL in history , when it was opened up to incumbent NTL permits and regions / minor states in their own rights .
In 2012 , an Elite 8 division was created for elite touch football players . The division featured eight men 's and eight women 's teams . The Elite 8 division lasted until 2018 , when it was incorporated into the newly launched NRL Touch Premiership .
Results for the Open Divisions
Up to and including 2010 .
Awards
Following each NTL a Player of the Series and a Player of the Final are recognised for each division . This award is chosen by the Australian Selectors and Coaches for each division .
Notes
References
Australian Touch Association Website 1998
External links
Sports leagues in Australia
Touch competitions
Recurring sporting events established in 1997
1997 establishments in Australia
Sport leagues established in 1997
Oudenaarde was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1995 . Its main urban centre was the municipality of Oudenaarde .
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
The Okinawa Arena , also provisionally known as the Okinawa City Multi-Purpose Arena , is an indoor arena in Okinawa , Japan . It was opened in 2020 and will be one of the venues of the 2023 FIBA Basketball World Cup .
Background
Plans to build the Okinawa arena were made as early as 2015 . In 2016 , it was announced that the sports venue will be built over the site occupied by the Okinawa City bullfighting ring next to the Koza Sports Park . Sachiyo Kuwae , the city mayor , unveiled the master plan for the 10,000-person-capacity multipurpose arena on 12 July 2016 . The facility will have five stories above ground and will have a parking area for 1,000 vehicles .
The Okinawa Arena will have a total area of . Its estimated total cost , including its parking facilities , is 17 billion yen .
Demolition of the bullfighting ring was planned to commence in 2017 and was followed by the construction of the arena building itself . The groundbreaking ceremony took place on September 25 , 2018 and is planned to open by September 2020 .
Use
The Okinawa Arena is planned to be the home venue of the Ryukyu Golden Kings professional basketball team and is also set to host major events in Okinawa City .
It will be Japan 's sole venue in the 2023 FIBA Basketball World Cup which will also be co-hosted by the Philippines and Indonesia .
References
External links
Okinawa , Okinawa
Sports venues in Okinawa Prefecture
Basketball venues in Japan
Ryukyu Golden Kings
Gökçeöz , Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Evangelism marketing is an advanced form of word-of-mouth marketing in which companies develop customers who believe so strongly in a particular product or service that they freely try to convince others to buy and use it . The customers become voluntary advocates , actively spreading the word on behalf of the company .
Evangelism marketing is sometimes confused with affiliate marketing . However , while affiliate programs provide incentives in the form of money or products , evangelist customers spread their recommendations and recruit new customers out of pure belief , not for the receipt of goods or money . Rather , the goal of the customer evangelist is simply to provide benefit to other individuals .
As they act independently , evangelist customers often become key influencers . The fact that evangelists are not paid or associated with any company make their beliefs perceived by others as credible and trustworthy .
Evangelism comes from the three words of 'bringing good news ' , and the marketing term draws from the religious sense , as consumers are driven by their beliefs in a product or service , which they preach in an attempt to convert others .
History
Some people believe Guy Kawasaki , the former chief evangelist of Apple Computer , to be the father of evangelism marketing . In their books The Art of the Start and How to Drive Your Competition Crazy , Kawasaki states that the driving force behind evangelism marketing is the fact that individuals simply want to make the world a better place . Evangelist customers spread their recommendations and recruit new customers out of pure belief , not for goods or money .
Types
Evangelism marketing is applicable to any kind of product .
Technology evangelism is the evangelism marketing of a tool .
Platform evangelism is the evangelism marketing of the opportunity to create complementary goods for a multi-sided platform , which also involves non-marketing functions such as regulation of the platform 's commercial ecosystem to maximize network effects .
Customer communities
A strong avenue for evangelists is in the form of customer communities , which bring together groups of users of a product or service to share information and discuss common issues . Some companies assist with such events , for example General Motors ' Saturn division in Tennessee organized an annual summer picnic for thousands of customers . Another example is the Harley Owners Groups ( HOGS ) , organized by Harley-Davidson , which associate bikers locally and globally through quarterly and annual meetings held all over the world .
Starbucks , the coffee company , started an online customer community in 2008 called My Starbucks Idea , designed to collect suggestions for products or services and feedback from customers . During the first year of the program , My Starbucks Idea generated 70,000 ideas through the site and approximately 50 changes based on customer suggestions were implemented .
See also
Brand loyalty
Buzz marketing
Crowdsourcing
Diffusion of innovations
Cult of Mac
References
Ahonen , T. and Moore , Alan . `` Communities Dominate Brands : Business and Marketing Challenges for the 21st Century '' , Futuretext , 2005 .
Huba , J. and McConnell , B . Creating Customer Evangelists : How Loyal Customers Become a Volunteer Sales Force , Dearborn Trade , 2002 .
Rules for Revolutionaries by Guy Kawasaki
The Macintosh Way by Guy Kawasaki
External links
Word of Mouth Marketing Association
Types of marketing
Henry Robert Valence Earle ( December 22 , 1912 – February 1 , 1996 ) was a Canadian politician . They represented the electoral district of Fortune Bay in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1962 to 1971 and 1972 to 1975 . They were a member of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador for their first term and a member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Newfoundland and Labrador for their second . They were born in Fogo , Newfoundland . they served in cabinet under various portfolios , including Minister of Finance , Education , Economic Development , and Public Works & Services .
References
1912 births
1996 deaths
People from Fogo Island , Newfoundland and Labrador
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Second Sergeant Usman bin Haji Muhammad Ali ( 18 March 1943 – 17 October 1968 ) , also spelt Osman bin Haji Mohamed Ali , was an Indonesian marine and convicted murderer . They use the aliases Janatin or Usman Janatin during their task of bombing the MacDonald House , which killed three people and injured 33 other people . Usman was executed alongside their accomplice Harun Said for the murders of the three deceased victims from the MacDonald House bombing .
Biography
Usman Haji Muhammad Ali was born in Jatisaba , Purbalingga , on 18 March 1943 . They graduated from middle school in 1962 .
On 1 June 1962 , they entered the Indonesian Marine Corps , and was appointed as one of three volunteers to serve in the military operation Komando Siaga ( later renamed Komando Mandala Siaga ) , led by Air Force Vice Admiral Omar Dhani , during the Indonesia-Malaysia confrontation . Usman was later stationed at Sambu Island , Riau .
Bombing of MacDonald House
On 8 March 1965 , Usman , Harun Thohir , and Gani bin Arup were assigned to conduct sabotage in Singapore : equipped with a rubber boat and of explosives , they were told to bomb an important building of their own choice . On 10 March 1965 , they targeted a civilian building , the Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank building ( now the MacDonald House ) , killing three and wounding at least thirty-three , all civilians .
Capture and Conviction
Usman and Harun subsequently escaped to a beach , while Gani disappeared and presumably returned to Indonesia . After seizing a motorboat , which broke down at sea , they were rescued by another boat and subsequently handed over to the Singapore Marine Police on 13 March 1965 . Initially claiming to be engaged in fishing , they were however arrested and interrogated by the local police .
Usman and Harun were convicted of murder as they had been wearing civilian clothes at the time and had targeted a civilian building ; both men were sentenced to death by a Singapore court . The two were hanged in Changi Prison on 17 October 1968 . Usman 's remains were taken back to Indonesia and buried in Kalibata Heroes Cemetery , Jakarta .
National Heroes
They were awarded the status of Indonesian national heroes on 17 October 1968 ( the same day they were hanged ) and were posthumously promoted to one rank higher than those they held prior to their last operation .
KRI Usman-Harun ( 359 )
In 2014 , one of three ships of the Bung Tomo-class corvette of the Indonesian Navy ( initially built for Brunei but later sold to Indonesia ) was named after Usman and Usman as the KRI Usman-Harun ( bearing the pennant number 359 ) . The ship 's name caused controversy between Indonesia and Singapore due to the bombing attack of 1965 and its immediate after-effects . Indonesia has not reversed its naming decision ; in response , the Singapore government has banned the ship from entering its waters or docking in the country .
See also
Indonesia–Malaysia confrontation
Harun Thohir
Capital punishment in Singapore
MacDonald House bombing
References
Bibliography
1943 births
1968 deaths
Indonesian military personnel
National Heroes of Indonesia
20th-century executions by Singapore
Indonesian people executed abroad
Andre the Seal ( May 16 , 1961 – July 19 , 1986 ) was a male harbor seal pup found off the island of Robinson 's Rock in Penobscot Bay , Maine , United States .
Life
The seal was adopted by Harry Goodridge , who was then a tree surgeon and the Harbormaster of Rockport , Maine . Harry raised the pup , hoping the seal would become their scuba diving companion , and expecting that the seal would eventually return to the wild when given the opportunity . Instead , Andre chose to stay with Harry in Rockport until their death in 1986 .
Depictions in media and art
The multi-faceted story that developed over the course of their 25-year bond has been well-documented in hundreds of news articles , several books , a 1994 feature film released by Paramount Pictures , and a PBS documentary .
Andre 's fame and popularity even resulted in a memorial statue by Jane Wasey being built in their honour in Rockport , Maine harbour .
See also
Hoover ( seal )
References
External links
1961 animal births
1986 animal deaths
Individual seals and sea lions
Individual wild animals
it : Andre la foca
The Clark Sisters : First Ladies of Gospel is a 2020 American biographical film about gospel group The Clark Sisters . Directed by Christine Swanson , and co-written by Sylvia L. Jones and Camille Tucker , the film stars Christina Bell , Kierra Sheard , Sheléa Frazier , Raven Goodwin , and Angela Birchett . It premiered on Lifetime on April 11 , 2020 .
Plot
The film centers on the formation of gospel group The Clark Sisters , the daughters and pupils of gospel singer and devout Christian Mattie Moss Clark . The plot follows their journey from their hometown of Detroit to becoming the highest-selling gospel group in music history .
Cast
Production
The movie was filmed between January and February 2019 in Toronto , Canada .
On March 27 , 2019 , it was announced that Queen Latifah 's Flavor Unit Productions had greenlit the film to be released in 2020 . Queen Latifah , Mary J. Blige , Missy Elliott , Loretha Jones and Holly Carter served as executive producers for the film .
The Clark Sisters : First Ladies of Gospel is the first authorized biopic about the group . The producers noted in an interview at the 2020 TCA press tour that estranged sister Denise Clark-Bradford was invited to be a part of the film but did not state the extent of their involvement .
The film was directed by Christine Swanson and written by Sylvia L. Jones and Camille Tucker , who wrote the story . Kierra Sheard portrayed their real-life mother , Karen Clark Sheard .
Soundtrack
Notes
All songs produced by Donald Lawrence .
Other songs performed in the film but not included on the soundtrack are `` Hallelujah , '' `` Is My Living in Vain , '' `` Miracle '' ( a reworked version of The Clark Sisters ' earlier `` Expect Your Miracle '' on their album of the same name ) , and the Karen Clark Sheard-penned `` Blessed & Highly Favored . ''
Charts
The soundtrack album debuted at number eight on the Billboard Top Gospel Albums chart , where it remained in its second week . In its third week , the album slipped to number 23 .
Release
The film premiered on Lifetime on April 11 , 2020 .
Reception
Critical reception
The Clark Sisters : First Ladies of Gospel premiere was the most-watched film on Lifetime in four years .
The film received mixed critical reception . In a review for rogerebert.com , Nell Minow rated the film 3.5/4 stars , calling Ellis 's performance `` mesmerizing '' and the music `` a gorgeous , spirit-lifting celestial chorus . '' Joelle Monique of The A.V . Club rated the film a C+ and wrote in the review , `` ... it feels like a chorus of Clark sisters , each with their interpretation of events , presented in a way that would n't offend anyone person in the group . '' Writing for The Root , Panama Jackson stated in a more positive review : `` It 's both heartwarming and endearing , while not skirting any of the issues that plagued their ultimately triumphant and still ongoing journey : domestic violence , gender inequality in the church , interpersonal issues , medical issues , mental health , life , etc . ''
Awards and nominations
References
External links
The Clark Sisters : First Ladies of Gospel on Lifetime
Album chart usages for BillboardGospel
2020 biographical drama films
2020 television films
Lifetime ( TV network ) films
African-American biographical dramas
Films set in Detroit
2020 films
Biographical films about singers
2020s American films
Tiga Talk ! is a Canadian children 's television series featuring a wolf cub puppet called Tiga . Produced for the Aboriginal Peoples Television Network in Canada , the show uses puppets and live-action stories to explore First Nations culture .
Cast
Irene Green as Kokum
Art Napoleon as Dad
Kate-La Faith Hanuse as Jodie
Michaela Fraser as Kimmie
Gabriel Paul as Jason
Shauntelle Dick-Charleson as Alice
Isaac Elijah as Jack
Kyra Heberlein as Tessa
Calvin Cooke as Kyle
Puppeteers
Brian Culp - Tiga the Wolf
Ingrid Hansen - Gertie the Gopher
Steve Barker operates Gavin the Canada Goose
Rob Hunter
Location
Filming occurs at various locations including the city of Victoria , Little Raven pre-school , Kuper Island First Nations and Nitinat Lake
Episodes
There are four seasons of Tiga Talk ! included six episodes in 2008 , thirteen episodes in 2009 , thirteen episodes in 2010 , and eleven episodes in 2011 .
Season 1 : ( 2008 )
Shh is for Sharing
Fuh is for Friends
SSS is for Smiling
Guh is for Growing
LLL is for Listening
CCC is for Caring
Season 2 : ( 2009 )
Dreams
Birthdays
Keep Trying
Dwellings
Dance
Safety
Food
Food Preparation
Exercise
Spring
Summer
Fall
Winter
Season 3 : ( 2010 )
Building
Appreciate the World We See
Listen to the World
Remembering the Past
Keep Smiling
Competition
Dressing Up
Making Music
Trees
Babies
Treasures
Giving Gifts
Camping
Season 4 : ( 2011 )
Laughter
Hands and Feet
Tiga and Hiccups
Moving
Do It On My Own
I Feel Left Out
Where Is It ?
I Want A Pet
What Shall I Wear
Who 's That ?
Cook Out !
References
External links
Official website
Tiga Talk iPhone App
Tiga Talk Facebook Fan Page
Tiga Talks Twitter Stream
'' Tiga Talks Vimeo Video Channel
Tiga Talk Premier Press Release
APTN
2000s Canadian children 's television series
2010s Canadian children 's television series
2000s Canadian comedy television series
2010s Canadian comedy television series
2000s preschool education television series
2010s preschool education television series
2008 Canadian television series debuts
2011 Canadian television series endings
Canadian children 's comedy television series
Canadian children 's musical television series
Canadian preschool education television series
Canadian television shows featuring puppetry
Aboriginal Peoples Television Network original programming
Television series about wolves
Television shows set in Canada
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Kake , Yamagata District , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan . It closed on December 1 , 2003 , when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1954
The Oua River is a river of Gabon . It is one of the tributaries of the Ivindo River .
References
Lerique Jacques . 1983 . Hydrographie-Hydrologie . in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon , Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise . Pg 14–15 . Paris , France : Edicef .
Rivers of Gabon
Li Hongqi may refer to :
Lee Hong-chi ( born 1990 ) , Taiwanese actor
Thomas Hong-Chi Lee ( born 1945 ) , Taiwanese-American historian
The original Purila Manor was first mentioned in 1513 . It was built in Purila , Rapla County and was rebuilt in 1810 . It was used by Estonian aristocracy , including Friedrich Gustav von Helffreich , until the 20th century when it was used for education . After World War II it was used by the Soviet Army , including the 8th Estonian Rifle Corps from 1953 to 1957 .
References
Gallery
Rapla Parish
Manor houses in Estonia
Buildings and structures in Rapla County
Seattle Sounders FC is a Major League Soccer team .
Seattle Sounders may also refer to :
Seattle Sounders ( 1974–1983 ) , a defunct North American Soccer League team
Seattle Sounders ( 1994–2008 ) , a defunct USL First Division team
Sound FC ( women ) , a current Women 's Premier Soccer League team formerly known as Seattle Sounders Women ( 2001–2019 )
Sound FC ( men ) , a current USL League Two team formerly known as Seattle Sounders FC U-23 ( 2012–2019 )
Tacoma Defiance , a current USL Championship team formerly known as Seattle Sounders FC 2 ( 2015–2018 )
See also
Seattle Sounders FC Academy ( 2010–present ) , the U-18 , U-16 , and U-14 teams of Seattle Sounders FC
Puget Sound
Sounder ( disambiguation )
Seattle ( disambiguation )
This is a list of events from the year 1538 in Ireland .
Incumbent
Lord : Henry VIII
Events
Dissolution of the Monasteries : the following establishments are among those suppressed :
Timolin Priory ( held by Edmund Eustas from 14 January ) .
Ferns Abbey ( abbot and canons leave 31 March ) .
Navan Abbey ( surrendered 19 July ) .
Priory of All Hallows , Dublin .
July 11 – Galway is visited by Lord Deputy of Ireland , Leonard Grey . This is the first visit of a King 's Deputy to the town , and marks the start of closer relations between the sometimes-beleaguered town and the Anglo-Irish administration in Dublin . They are lavishly entertained and stays for seven days .
December – the Franciscan Friary at Cashel is rented to Edmund Butler , Archbishop of Cashel .
Newry Abbey becomes a secular collegiate church .
Church of Ireland Kilkenny College is founded as Kilkenny Grammar School by Piers Butler , 8th Earl of Ormond , and their wife , Margaret , to replace the School of the Vicars Choral .
Ulick na gCeann Burke deposes their uncle Richard Bacach Burke as The Clanricarde and Chief of the Name .
Births
Deaths
Richard Bacach Burke , the Clanricarde and Chief of the Name .
References
1530s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
Round Lake Township may refer to :
Round Lake Township , Becker County , Minnesota
Round Lake Township , Jackson County , Minnesota
Round Lake Township , McHenry County , North Dakota , in McHenry County , North Dakota
Township name disambiguation pages
Atça is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Michael Coleman ( June 24 , 1956 – November 2 , 2014 ) was a Chicago blues guitarist , singer , and songwriter . They were voted one of the top 50 bluesmen in the world by Guitar World magazine . They released five solo albums and worked with James Cotton , Aron Burton , Junior Wells , John Primer and Malik Yusef .
Biography
Coleman was born in 1956 in Chicago , Illinois . They began their musical career at a young age , playing alongside their father , Cleother `` Baldhead Pete '' Williams . As a teenager they played with the Top 40 showband Midnight Sun and with the blues musicians Aron Burton and Johnny Dollar on Chicago 's North Side . In 1975 they became a full-time professional musician . They toured Europe with Eddy Clearwater four years later . This led to work for James Cotton , in whose band Coleman played for almost ten years . Coleman backed Cotton on three albums , including Live from Chicago : Mr. Superharp Himself , released by Alligator Records .
Coleman backed Junior Wells , Buster Benton , and Jimmy Dawkins and also worked with Syl Johnson in the 1980s . They embarked on a solo career in the early 1990s . Their 1987 song `` Woman Loves a Woman '' contained a controversial lyric , in which they confessed they were in love with a woman , but `` She 's in love with a woman too '' . Coleman formed the Backbreakers as their backing ensemble in 1991 . Their album Shake Your Booty was released by the Austrian label Wolf Records in 1995 .
Their U.S. debut album was Do Your Thing ! , issued by Delmark Records in 2000 . It featured a mixture of material encompassing blues , soul and funk , with cover versions of songs previously recorded by Jimmy Reed , Otis Redding and Isaac Hayes . It was noted that the quality of their guitar playing compensated for a lightweight vocal accompaniment .
In 2006 , Coleman led a group of Delmark musicians on the album Blues Brunch at the Mart. < ref > { { cite web|url=|title=Allmusic ( ( ( Blues Brunch at the Mart > Michael Coleman > Review ) ) ) } } < /ref >
Coleman was overweight and had diabetes , which severely affected their health . Their doctor advised a change in lifestyle , and Coleman subsequently lost 150 pounds . They started their 2010 Chicago Blues Tour by performing at Rosa 's Lounge in Chicago .
Coleman died in November 2014 , aged 58 .
Discography
Albums
Selected work with other musicians
High Compression , James Cotton ( 1984 )
Live from Chicago Mr. Superharp Himself , James Cotton ( 1986 )
Harp Attack ! , James Cotton ( 1990 )
Poor Man Blues , John Primer ( 1991 )
The Great Chicago Fire : A Cold Day in Hell '' , Malik Yusef ( 2003 )
`` Would n't You Like to Ride '' , Malik Yusef ( 2005 )
See also
List of Chicago blues musicians
List of electric blues musicians
List of soul-blues musicians
References
1956 births
2014 deaths
African-American guitarists
American blues guitarists
American blues singers
American funk guitarists
American male guitarists
American funk singers
Soul-blues musicians
Songwriters from Illinois
Electric blues musicians
Chicago blues musicians
Singers from Chicago
Guitarists from Chicago
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
Black & Blue Records artists
African-American songwriters
20th-century African-American musicians
21st-century African-American people
American male songwriters
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Isac Alexi Sivert Lidberg ( born 8 September 1998 ) is a Swedish professional footballer who plays for Eredivisie club Go Ahead Eagles as a forward .
They are son to wrestler Martin Lidberg .
Personal life
Isac grew up mainly in Stockholm and is the second born child to Swedish reality television star and wrestling world champion Martin Lidberg . Their uncle is Jimmy Lidberg , a fellow Olympic medalist wrestler . They practiced wrestling as well for several years and was a big talent , but quit to focus on their football instead . Lidberg dreams of playing for Bayern Munich one day and their idol footballer is the German striker Mario Gomez .
Club career
Hammarby IF
Lidberg started out their football career with local side Hägerstens SK , but moved to Hammarby Sjöstad and began to play for Hammarby IF as an eleven-year-old . Advancing through the youth teams , Lidberg played their first game for Hammarby 's under 21-team against GIF Sundsvall 2014 as a substitute , and scored a 2–1 goal within a minute . In March 2015 , Hammarby offered them a 3-year-long senior contract , which they signed .
The senior debut came already the same year in Allsvenskan , when Isac Lidberg got substituted with Linus Hallenius in a game against Falkenbergs FF on 13 July . The 16-year-old Lidberg became the youngest player ever representing Hammarby in Allsvenskan . They played their second game in Allsvenskan on the last game day of the 2015 season in Hammarby 's 2–1 loss away against Halmstads BK .
Lidberg made another five appearances in Allsvenskan for the club during the 2016 season .
Loan to Enskede IK
On 8 April 2016 it was announced that Lidberg was going to be on loan to newly promoted Division 1 club Enskede IK for the whole season . With Enskede being Hammarby 's partner club , an agreement was made that the player was allowed to represent both clubs during the loan period .
In their first start for the club , they scored two goals in Enskede 's 3–1 win against Piteå IF on 1 May . Lidberg would later move on to make another 14 appearances for the side during the season , scoring 6 goals in the league play .
Åtvidabergs FF
On 30 March 2017 , they signed a permanent deal with Åtvidabergs FF in Superettan , the Swedish second tier . They signed a three-year contract with their new club . Hammarby reportedly sold Lidberg after the two parts could not agree on a new contract .
Isac Lidberg made their debut for Åtvidaberg on match day one of the 2017 Superettan against IFK Värnamo on away turf . Their new team lost 4–0 with Lidberg getting sent off in the last few minutes of the game , after coming on as a substitute .
Start
On 11 January 2018 , Lidberg signed a three-year contract with Norwegian Eliteserien club Start . On 4 March , they moved to Jerv on loan , on a deal until 1 August . On 8 April , they made their debut for Jerv , coming on as a substitute for Aram Khalili in the 1–1 home draw against Ull/Kisa . On 17 June , they scored their first goal , in a 3–2 defeat to Florø .
Initially returning to Start , on 15 August 2018 they moved – again on loan – to HamKam . On 19 August , they made their debut for the club in a 1–0 defeat to Nest-Sotra .
In February 2019 , Lidberg was loaned out to IF Brommapojkarna on a loan agreement for the 2019 season .
Gefle IF
In February 2020 , Lidberg signed a two-year contract with Gefle IF competing in the Swedish third tier , Ettan . In the third division , they had a successful spell , making 25 appearances in which they scored 19 goals in their first season at the club .
Go Ahead Eagles
On 1 May 2021 , Lidberg signed a two-year contract with an option of an additional year with newly promoted Dutch Eredivisie club Go Ahead Eagles . They made their debut in the Eredivisie on 13 August 2021 in a 1–0 loss to SC Heerenveen .
International career
Isac Lidberg played 14 games for Sweden U17 , in which they scored nine goals , between 2014 and 2015 .
As of the end of 2016 , they have won 11 caps for Sweden U19 and scored 10 goals in total .
Style of play
They describe themselves as a `` powerful forward that can score on anything '' , which is something then manager Nanne Bergstrand agreed upon , stating that he 's strong for their age due to training from an early age . Hammarby 's former sporting director Mats Jingblad added that Lidberg is a modern forward that often make runs behind the defenders .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Swedish footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
Ettan Fotboll players
Norwegian First Division players
Hammarby Fotboll players
Enskede IK players
Åtvidabergs FF players
IK Start players
FK Jerv players
Gefle IF players
IF Brommapojkarna players
Go Ahead Eagles players
Hamarkameratene players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Norway
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
The Société mycologique de France ( Mycological Society of France ) , often known by the abbreviation SMF , is an association linking French and French-speaking mycologists .
History
The society was founded in 1884 in Épinal in the Vosges by three doctors ,
Lucien Quélet ( 1832-1889 ) , Antoine Mougeot ( 1815-1889 ) and René Joseph Justin Ferry ( 1845-1924 ) , joined by two pharmacists , Émile Boudier ( 1828-1920 ) and Narcisse Théophile Patouillard ( 1854-1926 ) .
The object of the society was to `` Establish relationships between mycologists scattered in various parts of French territory , centralize their research and thereby achieve the foundation of a complete fungal flora of France '' .
It was the first mycological society in the world . One year after its creation it already had 128 members and three years later it had 250 . Most founder members were pharmacists , doctors or teachers and then it opened to amateurs .
The society 's headquarters are located at 20 rue Rottembourg in the 12th arrondissement of Paris .
Activities
The society provides many activities and facilities for its members including
Forest excursions hunting fungi accompanied by mycologists
Identification sessions of collected fungi
An annual exhibition of fresh mushrooms in Paris ( in 2006 this was held from 11 to 15 October in the pavilion 18 of the Parc floral de Paris ) .
An annual congress held in the French provinces ( in 2006 , this was held in Herbeumont ( Belgium ) from 25 to 30 September . In 2007 , in Poitiers . In 2008 in Dourdan ) .
Courses in mycology and microscopy for beginners .
Access to its publications including the SMF database
Publications
The society publishes a newsletter , an academic journal ( the Bulletin de la Société Mycologique de France ) , a list of recommended French names of fungi and a database .
The SMF database
The SMF database ( `` '' ) operates under Access and contains more than 16,000 species of fungi studied by mycologists for their botanical interest , notably those of particular interest to humans :
1384 edible fungi
469 inedible and toxic fungi
45 fatally poisonous fungi
References
External links
les-champignons.fr
Mycology organizations
Mycology
Professional associations based in France
1884 establishments in France
Scientific organizations established in 1884
Saxophone Supremacy is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1959 and released on the Verve label .
Reception
Ken Dryden for AllMusic stated , `` Sonny Stitt had a difficult time coming out from under the shadow of Charlie Parker , even though Stitt 's approach to playing the alto sax was only partially similar to the late giant '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Sonny Stitt , except as indicated .
`` I Cover The Waterfront '' ( Edward Heyman , Johnny Green ) - 3:14
`` Lazy Bones '' ( Hoagy Carmichael , Johnny Mercer ) - 7:41
`` Sunday '' ( Chester Conn , Benny Krueger ) - 3:54
`` Just Friends '' ( John Klenner , Sam M. Lewis ) - 3:48
`` All Of Me '' ( Gerald Marks , Seymour Simons ) - 3:02
`` Two Bad Days Blues '' - 4:43
`` It 's You Or No One '' ( Jule Styne , Sammy Cahn ) - 4:31
`` Blue Smile '' - 4:00
Recorded in Los Angeles , California on December 21 ( track 6 & 8 ) and December 23 ( tracks 1-5 & 7 ) , 1959
Personnel
Sonny Stitt - alto saxophone
Lou Levy - piano
Leroy Vinnegar - bass
Mel Lewis - drums
References
1961 albums
Verve Records albums
Sonny Stitt albums
The men 's 4 × 100 metre medley relay event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held on 25 June 2018 at the Campclar Aquatic Center .
Records
Prior to this competition , the existing world and Mediterranean Games records were as follows :
Results
The final was held at 19:18 .
References
Men 's 4 x 100 metre medley relay
Thomas W. Baumgarte ( born 1966 ) is a German physicist specializing in the numerical simulation of compact objects in general relativity .
Career
Baumgarte completed their BSc in 1992 at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and their PhD in 1995 also at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich . They worked as a postdoc at Cornell University and University of Illinois and is currently a professor of physics at Bowdoin College . They are the author of over 65 articles about general relativity and astrophysics ( for example , black holes , neutron stars , and gravitational collapse ) . In 2010 , along with Stuart L. Shapiro , they published a book on numerical relativity . In 2012 , they received the Bessel Prize .
Personal life
Baumgarte is married to Karen Topp , who is also a professor at Bowdoin College .
References
External links
Baumgarte Homepage at Bowdoin
1966 births
Living people
21st-century German physicists
Michael Edward Ash ( 17 December 1927 – 30 April 2016 ) was a British mathematician and brewer . Ash led a team that invented a nitrogenated dispense system for Guinness stout first released in 1959 , which evolved to become the beer now sold globally as Draught Guinness . As the manager in charge of the Easy Serve project , Ash is credited as the inventor of nitrogenated beer ( sometimes known as `` nitro beer '' colloquially ) . They were Managing Director of Crookes Laboratories ( 1962–1972 ) where they were responsible for securing the license for an early anti-depressant in the UK , Prothiaden .
Education and early life
Born in Calcutta , India to civil engineer father , Wilfrid Cracroft Ash and mother Maud ( née Harper ) , Ash had a brother , environmentalist Maurice , and a sister , Marjorie.Ash attended two prep schools in the UK , The old Ride School and then Yarlet Hall . They then went on to Canford School , Wimborne , Dorset , and was further educated at Trinity College , Cambridge from 1945-1948 . At Trinity , they read mathematics , received a first in the Mathematical Tripos , won the Rouse Ball prize , and the Senior Wrangler Title for 1948 .
Career
Following graduation from Cambridge , Ash lectured in mathematics at The Bedford College for women for three years before joining Guinness & Co. as a mathematician at their London Brewery in Park Royal in January 1951 . Ash was the first non-brewer to join Guinness .
After training as a brewer , by 1954 Ash also had experience of running two departments ( Brewing and Forwarding ) and in 1955 they were given their own department the 'Sample Room ' , which had facilities for experimentation , and a team of 20 men . The 'Draught problem ' was given to Ash as part of their briefing from the managing Director , Hugh Beaver ; Ash assigned two men from their Sample Room team to help . At the time , Guinness used a convoluted draught system in which highly conditioned beer was blended with aged , nearly still beer . It was a slow , arduous process that limited the ability of draught dispense to reach a more global market .
Guinness had for years been looking for a system in which a bartender with no special training could pour a glass of draught beer in a matter of seconds to settle quickly with a head ( 3/8 '' in a normal ½ pint glass ) . Ash realized that the solution lay in the use of a blend of nitrogen and carbon dioxide ( as opposed to only the latter ) , but it took them four years to devise a mechanism to dispense nitrogenated beer . Inside Guinness , Ash 's quest to produce a 'Draught Guinness ' was regarded as quixotic , and other brewers chided it as `` Daft Guinness '' . Eventually , working with keg designer , Eric Lewis , Ash developed a self-contained two-part keg ( initially known as the 'Ash Can ' ) , with one chamber full of beer and the other full of mixed gas under pressure , and the introduction of nitrogen . Finally , after being redesigned , the new keg was released to pubs in 1959 , the 200th anniversary of Guinness . Ash , and their team , asked Hugh Beaver , the managing director , how large the head should be , but they did n't know , so they had to decide themselves . Speaking at Guinness in March 2016 , Ash said :
Nitrogen is less soluble than carbon dioxide , which allows the beer to be put under high pressure without making it fizzy . The high pressure of dissolved gas is required to enable very small bubbles to be formed by forcing the draught beer through fine holes in a plate in the tap , which causes the characteristic 'surge ' .
Ultimately called the `` easy serve system , '' in late 1959 it began to replace the old `` high and low '' taps used in Ireland , before spreading to Great Britain and beyond beginning in the 1960s . At a board meeting on 9 December 1959 , Benjamin Guinness ( then Viscount Elveden ) reported that :
The invention , which made for a smoother , less characterful beer , was not without controversy , and for years a minority of Irish drinkers complained about the change . Eventually , nitrogenated stout became a standard , not just at Guinness but among all Irish makers of stout .
Ash left the brewing side of Guinness in 1962 to become managing director of Crookes Laboratories in Park Royal ( owned by Guinness ) . Crookes moved to Basingstoke in 1965 . At Crookes , Ash was responsible for acquiring the licence for the anti-depressant Prothiaden ( Dosulepin ) in 1967 . From 1970 onwards Ash followed various interests including business education and was a founding governor of Templeton College Oxford .
Personal life
Ash met their first wife , Dulcie Joan Orme ( Canadian ) in 1950 at a party in Hampstead , London ; in May 1951 they married in London . They had four children : Lionel Michael ( died as an infant ) , Lucinda ( Lucy ) , Frances , and ( Michael ) Edward . In 1975 Ash divorced and married their second wife Gillian Issobel Little ; they died in 2007 . They lived the last part of their life in Painscastle , in Powys , Wales , and died on April 30 , 2016 .
Publications
Their publications include -
The journal of institute of brewing , continuous brewing 1961
Information Science 1500-1850
Invention Innovation and Mathematics
References
Bibliography
'Believe ' Six turning points for Guinness that hinged on inner strength , by John Simmons and Mark Griffiths
Guinness : The 250 Year Quest for the Perfect Pint by Bill Yenne
Beer : The Ultimate World Tour by Bill Yenne
Twenty-six Ways of Looking at a Blackberry : by John Simmons
The Search for God and Guinness : A Biography of the Beer that Changed the World by Stephen Mansfield
The SAGE Encyclopedia of Alcohol : Social , Cultural , and Historical Perspectives by Scott C. ( Christopher ) Martin
Making Guinness Guinness - Michael Ash Trinity College Cambridge : The Fountain , Issue 23
External links
Michael Ash - inventor of surge and settle
The Man Who Invented Nitro
The Man Who Created The Nitro Stout
Making Guinness Guinness - Michael Ash
1927 births
2016 deaths
English brewers
20th-century English mathematicians
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
21st-century English mathematicians
20th-century English businesspeople
Antonio Bravo ( 12 May 1906 – 28 February 1992 ) was a Spanish-born Mexican film and television actor . They appeared in more than a hundred and forty productions during a lengthy career .
Selected filmography
Beautiful Mexico ( 1938 )
I 'm a Real Mexican ( 1942 )
El Ametralladora ( 1943 )
The Escape ( 1944 )
Saint Francis of Assisi ( 1944 )
Madam Temptation ( 1948 )
The Great Madcap ( 1949 )
Philip of Jesus ( 1949 )
A Galician Dances the Mambo ( 1951 )
The White Rose ( 1954 )
The Price of Living ( 1954 )
Drop the Curtain ( 1955 )
A Few Drinks ( 1958 )
El Esqueleto de la señora Morales ( 1960 )
The Miracle Roses ( 1960 )
Love in the Shadows ( 1960 )
My Mother Is Guilty ( 1960 )
References
Bibliography
Rogelio Agrasánchez , Jr. Guillermo Calles : A Biography of the Actor and Mexican Cinema Pioneer . McFarland , 2010 .
External links
1906 births
1992 deaths
Mexican male television actors
Mexican male film actors
Spanish emigrants to Mexico
People from Madrid
Ernest Bender ( January 2 , 1919 – April 18 , 1996 ) was a Professor of Indo-Aryan languages and literature at the University of Pennsylvania .
Bender was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , on January 2 , 1919 , before moving to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania when they were aged four . They were admitted into the selective Greek and Latin program of Boys High School ( Central High School ) , and graduated in 1937 . Bender undertook their undergraduate studies at Temple University where they continued their studies in classics , firmly entrenching their lifelong interest in philology and cultural history . Upoon earning their B.A . in 1941 , Bender became a graduate student in the Oriental Studies Department of the University of Pennsylvania . There they became acquainted with the three teachers who influenced them the most : W. Norman Brown in Indology , and Zellig Harris and Henry Hoenigswald in linguistics . Through Brown , Bender pursued a career in Indology , specializing in medieval Jainism and its associated literature and art .
Shortly after the United States declared war on Japan in the wake of the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941 , Bender was drafted into the United States Air Force , but was discharged from active duty due to medical reasons . Due to their talent and background in classical languages , Bender was given a grant from the American Council of Learned Societies to study Hindi and Urdu at the Asia Society in New York City . They then returned to Philadelphia , serving from 1943 to 1944 as an instructor of Hindi and Urdu in the Army Specialized Training Program . From 1944 until 1946 , Bender coordinated the Army Specialized Training Program in Japanese . At the same time , Bender was awarded two consecutive Harrison fellowships at Pennsylvania for the study of Sanskrit . While studying Indology , Bender continued working with Harris on linguistics , coauthoring two articles on the Cherokee language . An unpublished manuscript of Cherokee texts , complete with translations and grammatical analysis is stored in the Boas Collection in the Library of the American Philosophical Society .
Bender was awarded a Rockefeller fellowship from 1947 to 1948 , visiting India , Pakistan , and Sri Lanka . They were a voracious photographer , copying many medieval manuscripts . Their prolific archive of Jain materials was derived from this period . The Rockefeller grant also gave them the opportunity to work on the grammar of the Sinhalese language .
Upon their return to the United States , they were appointed to the newly created South Asia Regional Studies Department at the University of Pennsylvania . They became an assistant professor in 1950 , in a joint appointment with the Oriental Studies Department . From 1955 to 1956 , they returned to India and Sri Lanka on a Guggenheim fellowship to research the Old Gujarati . It was during this trip that they developed their grammars for Hindi and Urdu . They were elevated to associate professor with tenure in 1958 , and became a professor in 1967 .
In 1958 , Bender began a three decade editorial relationship with the American Oriental Society ; they began as associate editor and became the chief editor in 1964 , a post they held until 1988 . They served as the president of the AOS from 1993 to 1994 . They served as the vice-president of the International Association of Sanskrit Studies , and convened the 6th World Sanskrit Conference in Philadelphia in 1984 . They were a member of many scholarly societies beyond those in America , including the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland ; the L.D . Institute of Indology in Ahmedabad ; the Asiatic Society of Bengal ; the Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute , Pune ; and the Oriental Institute in Baroda .
Bender had a pivotal role in developing teaching methods for Indian subcontinental languages in the American graduate studies framework . During the World War II era and its immediate aftermath , when the discipline of linguistics began to gain acceptance , Bender participated in formulating teaching techniques for South Asian languages in the military system , US State Department staff , as well as graduate students . They authored ten monographs on linguistic or literary topics concerning Indian languages , and several articles , including art historical topics . They published grammars of Hindi , Urdu and Bengali language and completed , but did not publish grammars for Gujarati and Sinhalese . In 1992 , they published a critical edition and translation of the Salibhadra-Dhanna-Carita , a medieval Jain didactic story composed in Old Gujarati . After retiring in 1989 , they spent significant time compiling an etymological glossary of Old Gujarati . They died at their home , Newtown Square , Pennsylvania , on April 18 , 1996 of a heart attack , aged 77 years old .
References
1919 births
1996 deaths
Argentine emigrants to the United States
Temple University alumni
Linguists from the United States
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
University of Pennsylvania faculty
It 's All on U , Vol . 2 is the third studio album by American rapper B.G. , released on November 11 , 1997 , on Cash Money Records . It 's All on U , Vol . 1 , is their previous album . All tracks from It 's All on U , Vol . 2 were produced and contributed by Cash Money 's in-house producer Mannie Fresh . The album debuted at # 184 on the Billboard 200 chart , # 14 on the Billboard Heatseekers Album Chart , and # 20 on The Top R & B Albums Chart .
The album was re-released in 1999 when Cash Money signed a pressing and distribution deal with Universal Records in 1998 .
Track listing
( co. ) signifies a co-producer
References
B.G . ( rapper ) albums
1997 albums
Cash Money Records albums
Albums produced by Mannie Fresh
Sequel albums
Vamorolone ( developmental code names VBP-15 ) is a synthetic steroid , which is under development for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy .
Anti-inflammatory drugs of the corticosteroid class show a carbonyl ( =O ) or hydroxyl ( -OH ) group on the C11 carbon of the steroid backbone . In contrast , vamorolone contains a delta9,11 double bonds between the C9 and C11 carbons . This change in structure has been shown to remove a molecular contact site with the glucocorticoid receptor , and lead to dissociative properties . Vamorolone is a partial agonist of the glucocorticoid receptor ( NR3C1 ) with relative loss of transactivation activities , but retention of transrepression activities , compared to corticosteroidal drugs . In contrast to drugs of the corticosteroid class , vamorolone is a potent antagonist of the mineralocorticoid receptor ( NR3C2 ) .
In Phase 1 clinical trials of adult volunteers , vamorolone was shown to be safe and well tolerated , with blood biomarker data suggesting possible loss of safety concerns of the corticosteroid class
In Phase 2a dose-ranging clinical trial of 48 children with Duchenne muscular dystrophy ( 2 weeks on drug , 2 weeks off drug ) , vamorolone was shown to be safe and well tolerated , and showed blood biomarker data consistent with a myofiber membrane stabilization and anti-inflammatory effects , and possible loss of safety concerns . These children continued on to a 24-week open-label extension study at the same doses , and this showed dose-dependent improvement of motor outcomes , with 2.0 and 6.0 mg/kg/day suggesting benefit . These same children continued on a long-term extension study with dose escalations , and this suggested continued clinical improvement through 18-months treatment .
Population pharmacokinetics ( PK ) of vamorolone was shown to fit to a 1-compartment model with zero-order absorption , with both adult men and young boys showing dose-linearity of PK parameters for the doses examined , and no accumulation of the drug during daily dosing . Apparent clearance averaged 2.0 L/h/kg in men and 1.7 L/h/kg in boys . Overall , vamorolone exhibited well-behaved linear PK , with similar profiles in healthy men and boys with DMD , moderate variability in PK parameters , and absorption and disposition profiles similar to those of classical glucocorticoids . Exposure/response analyses have suggested that the motor outcome of time to stand from supine velocity showed the highest sensitivity to vamorolone , with the lowest AUC value providing 50 % of maximum effect ( E50 = 186 ng·h/mL ) , followed by time to climb 4 stairs ( E50 = 478 ng·h/mL ) , time to run/walk 10 m ( E50 = 1220 ng·h/mL ) , and 6-minute walk test ( E50 = 1770 ng·h/mL ) . Week 2 changes of proinflammatory PD biomarkers showed exposure-dependent decreases . The E50 was 260 ng·h/mL for insulin-like growth factor-binding protein 2 , 1200 ng·h/mL for matrix metalloproteinase 12 , 1260 ng·h/mL for lymphotoxin α1/β2 , 1340 ng·h/mL for CD23 , 1420 ng·h/mL for interleukin-22-binding protein , and 1600 ng·h/mL for macrophage-derived chemokine/C-C motif chemokine 22 .
References
External links
Vamorolone - ReveraGen BioPharma
Diketones
Diols
Glucocorticoids
Pregnanes
Dongguantou station ( ) is a station on Line 14 of the Beijing Subway . The station opened on December 31 , 2021 .
See also
Dongguantou Nan station on Line 16 and Fangshan line
References
Beijing Subway stations in Fengtai District
John Chalmers ( born 21 September 1927 in Aberdeen ) is a Scottish orthopaedic surgeon .
Biography
Chalmers studied medicine at the University of Edinburgh . After qualifying as MB ChB in 1950 they worked as House officer in different hospitals . In 1952 they joined the Royal Army Medical Corps and became a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England one year later . From 1954 to 1957 they had their orthopaedic education at the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital . They spent an Orthopaedic Fellowship at the University of Illinois and in 1958 was appointed as Lecturer at the University of Edinburgh . In 1961 they graduated M.D . and in 1963 also qualified as Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh .
For a period of 32 years they were Senior Lecturer and Consultant at the ( old ) Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh and at the Princess Margaret Rose Orthopaedic Hospital . They were an examiner for the Fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh and the FRCS Ed Orth . and for the M. Ch . Orth . of Liverpool University .
With their wife Gwyneth they have four children and six grandchildren .
Memberships of Professional Associations
President of the British Orthopaedic Association 1989-90
President of the British Orthopaedic Research Society
National Committees
Specialist Advisory Committee in Orthopaedic Surgery .
Scottish Bone Tumour Registry
Medical Research Council Committee on Osteoporosis
Surgical representative on the Merit Award Committee for Scotland
Visiting Professorships and Lectureships
Auckland University
Dalhousie University
Hong Kong University
Hadassah Medical Center ( British Council Fellow )
Basrah University
Pakistan ( World Health Organization visitor )
Black Lion Hospital , Addis Ababa
Editorial Boards
Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery
Journal of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh
Journal of the Western Pacific Orthopaedic Association
Journal of Orthopaedics
Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research
Scottish Medical Journal
Papers ( selection )
March haemoglobinuria . British Journal of Surgery 44 ( 1957 ) , 394
Transplantation immunity in bone homografting . Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery 41-B ( 1959 ) , 160–179
The growth of transplanted foetal bones in different immunological environments . JBJS 44-B ( 1962 ) , 149–164
Cancellous bone : its strength and changes with ageing and an evaluation of some methods for measuring its mineral content .
I Age changes in cancellous bone . JBJS 48-A ( 1966 ) , 289–299
II An evaluation of some methods for measuring osteoporosis . JBJS 48-A ( 1966 ) , 299–308
Bone transplantation . Journal of Clinical Pathology , 20 ( 1967 ) , 540–550 .
Osteomalacia – a common disease in elderly women . JBJS 49-B ( 1967 ) , 403–423
Peripheral compression lesions of the ulnar nerve . JBJS 50-B ( 1968 ) , 793–803
Quantitative measurements of osteoid in health and disease . Clinical Orthopaedics 63 ( 1969 ) , 196–209
Geographical variations in senile osteoporosis . JBJS 52-B ( 1970 ) , 667–675
Observations on the induction of bone in soft tissues . JBJS 57-B ( 1975 ) , 36–45
Unusual causes of peripheral nerve compression . The Hand 19 ( 1978 ) , 168–175
Aneurysmal bone cysts of the phalanges . The Hand , 13 ( 1981 ) , 296–300
Spontaneous healing of aneurysmal bone cysts . JBJS 67-B ( 1985 ) , 310–312
Osteosarcoma ( Editorial ) . Lancet ( 1985 ) , 131–133
Recent Advances in Great Britain ( Editor ) . Clinical Orthopaedics ( 1986 ) , 210
Fractures of the Femoral Neck in Elderly Patients with hyperparathyroidism . Clinical Orthopaedics 229 ( 1988 ) , 125–130
Tumours of the musculo-skeletal system : clinical presentation . Clinical Orthopaedics 2 ( 1988 ) , 135–140
Orthogerontics ( Editorial ) . Journal of Orthopaedic Surgery 4 ( 1996 ) , 7–8
Treatment of Ruptures of the Tendo-Achilles ( Review Article ) . Journal of Orthopaedic Surgery 2000
Nonmedical Books
Audubon in Edinburgh . Edinburgh 2003
Andrew Duncan , Physician of the Enlightenment . Edinburgh 2010
Duel Personalities : James Stuart versus Sir Alexander Boswell . Edinburgh 2014
References
1927 births
Living people
British orthopaedic surgeons
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons
British beekeepers
University of Edinburgh Medical School alumni
Academics of the University of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh
Scientists from Aberdeen
Crows is an unincorporated community in Dyer Township , Saline County , Arkansas . It is located in the valley of the Middle Fork Saline River at the intersection of Arkansas highways 5 and 9 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Saline County , Arkansas
Unincorporated communities in Arkansas
RCLS can mean :
Radio Controlled Lighting System ( Pilot Controlled Lighting )
Reactor Control and Limitation System
Royal Canadian Logistics Service
Runway Centerline Light System , see Runway # Technical specifications
Callimetopus stanleyi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Dela Cruz and Adorada in 2012 .
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2012
Nallıdere , Nallıhan is a village in the District of Nallıhan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Nallıhan District
Jonah Placid ( born 14 May 1995 ) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a fullback for the in Super Rugby . Domestically , they play for Easts in the Queensland Premier Rugby tournament .
Career
Born in New South Wales , but raised in Rockhampton , Queensland , Placid first came to prominence playing for Easts Tigers and they helped them win the 2013 Queensland Premier Rugby Title . This saw them named in the Queensland Reds wider training squad for the 2014 Super Rugby season . Although this was largely a development contract and they seemed unlikely to be given any game time during the campaign , an injury crisis saw them make their Super Rugby debut as a second-half replacement against the Western Force on 5 April 2014 . It was to prove an unhappy debut as their side went down to 32-29 defeat and they themselves had to be substituted with a chest injury following a heavy collision with Force fullback Jayden Hayward . They are currently playing for Wests Scarborough in the Fortescue Premier Grade .
International
Placid played a starring role for the Australian Schoolboys during their successful 2012 season . This included playing a part in their team´s historic victory away to New Zealand , only the second time they´d ever won on the other side of the Tasman . As a reward they were selected for the Australia Under-20 side which competed in the 2013 IRB Junior World Championship in France .
Super Rugby statistics
References
1995 births
Australian rugby union players
Rugby union fullbacks
Queensland Reds players
Melbourne Rebels players
Melbourne Rising players
Sportspeople from Rockhampton
Living people
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in France
RC Toulonnais players
Western Force players
Rugby union wings
Rugby union players from New South Wales
Marcel Martel ( born 1965 ) is a Canadian historian . They currently hold the Avie Bennett Historica Chair in Canadian History at York University .
A student of Ramsay Cook , Martel has published extensively on topics ranging from French Canadian nationalism to federal drug policy . Their book Le deuil d'un pays imaginé won the 1997 Prix Michel-Brunet from the .
In 2017 , Martel was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada .
References
1965 births
20th-century Canadian historians
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Living people
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
York University faculty
Historians of Quebec
21st-century Canadian historians
Albazino ( ; ) is a village ( selo ) in Skovorodinsky District of Amur Oblast , Russia , noted as the site of Albazin ( ) , the first Russian settlement on the Amur River .
Before the arrival of Russians , Albazino belonged to the Daur people , the Mongolic peoples indigenous to this area . The town was originated by prince Albaz as the capital of Solon Khanate ( Sinicized : 索倫汗國 ) .
Later in the 17th century , the town was the center of the short-lived petty state of Jaxa ( Manchu : yaksa ; ; or `` Jaxa '' . )
In the late 1640s , a team of Russian Cossacks under Yerofey Khabarov arrived to explore Dauria . They were keen to gain a foothold in the proximity of the Amur River and , after several clashes with the Daurs under Prince Albaza or Albaaši ( Sinicized : 阿爾巴西 ) , established a Russian fort of Albazin in 1651 . The Russians were defeated here by Qing China in 1686 ( see below ) . By the Treaty of Nerchinsk the area was assigned to Qing China .
Following the Treaty of Aigun in 1858 a new Amur Cossack stanitsa appeared on the site . A municipal museum is sited among the remains of the 17th-century Russian fort .
The History of Albazin
In late 1650 Albazin was built as winter quarters by Yerofei Khabarov on the northernmost part of the Amur River , 125 miles downstream from the junction of the Argun and Shilka . Thereafter it was little used as the Russians concentrated on the richer grain-growing lands downriver . In 1652 the Manchus drove the Russians out of the Amur country and the land was left to outlaws and adventurers .
Foundation of Jaxa
In 1655 Nikifor Chernigovsky , a Pole who had been exiled to Siberia after an unsuccessful attempt to run away from the Russian 's custody , murdered the voyevoda of Ilimsk in retaliation for the rape of their daughter , and fled to the Amur where they reoccupied the ruins of Albazin and gathered a band of supporters . Chernigovsky soon gained the support of the local Tungusic population , whom they treated with respect , in contrast to several assaults they had suffered under Russian ( Cossack ) sovereignty . They made a great stronghold on the ruins of Albazin , giving it the name of Jaxa .
In the coming years , Siberian governors made several failed attempts to regain control over Albazin ; however , Chernigovsky was able to keep their position by playing the Russians against the Chinese , and vice versa . From 1669 , the Russian tsar received a tribute from the Jaxa country ( Albazin and surrounding villages ) , which impacted the tsar 's decision to formally acknowledge Chernigovsky as the lord of Jaxa in 1674 . The Chinese government , for its part , communicated with Chernigovsky using Polish as the main language . In 1675 , they raided Chinese lands with the help of the local population . This remains the last recorded reference to Chernigovsky in history .
The Russian–Chinese conflict over Albazin
The Qing did little about Albazin because their forces were tied up in southern China and because they were concerned about possible Russian backing for their enemies in Mongolia . With the southern problem nearly solved ( Taiwan was conquered in 1683 ) , in the spring of 1682 the Kangxi Emperor made a tour through Manchuria and began preparations to deal with the Amur problem . Their plan was to build up such a large force that the Russians would withdraw without fighting , for , as they said `` The use of force is not a good thing . We use it only under compulsion . '' Troops were moved up to Aigun and crops were planted to feed them . An attack was delayed due to disagreements among the planners and the difficulty of moving supplies northward .
From 1681 there were Qing threats against Albazin , talks were held on the Nun River and minor Russian forts were destroyed along the Zeya . By the end of 1683 all Russian bases except Albazin had been eliminated . Moscow responded by making Ivan Vlasov voyevoda of Nerchinsk and appointing Akeksey Tolbuzin to a new voyevodstvo at Albazin ( July 1684 ) . An attempt to move men and supplies east failed due to shortages and inefficiency .
1685 : The siege began on June 23 , 1685 . On the 26th there was an indecisive day-long battle . The Qing army thereupon piled dry wood along the fort 's wooden walls and when they began to light it , Tolbuzin surrendered ( exact date uncertain ) . The 600 or so defenders were allowed to withdraw to Nerchinsk . About 45 opted to go with the Qing army where they joined the Russian colony in Peking . The Qing army burned the fort and withdrew , but did not destroy the crops . When news of the defeat reached Moscow in November it was decided to abandon the Amur and send an ambassador to Peking . The Qing troops constituted of former Southern Ming marines from Taiwan , renowned for their knowledge of nautical warfare .
1686 : One day after leaving Albazin , the retreating Russians met a group of reinforcements who brought word that an even larger group under Baiton had reached Nerchinsk . Since the fort was lost they continued their withdrawal . Some time after July 10 , 1685 , scouts reported that the Qing were gone and the crops still standing . Vlasov sent 669 well-armed men under Tolbuzin to gather the harvest . The crops were gathered , Albazin was refortified with earthen walls and efforts were made to bring the natives back into subjection . The Qing arrived on July 18 , 1686 , and began a tight siege and a steady cannonade . On the fifth day of the siege Tolbuzin was killed by a cannonball and replaced by Afanasii Baiton . The Russians had enough food to last until Easter , but were short of water . The siege continued until early winter . In late October messengers arrived in Peking announcing Moscow 's desire to negotiate . An order was issued to relax the siege . At this time less than 66 men , out of an original 826 , were left alive ( most had died of disease , especially scurvy ) . On December 25 Baiton sent one of their men to request provisions . A few more than twenty men remained in the fort , all ill and undernourished . When , in August 1687 , Kangxi heard ( incorrectly ) that the Russian ambassador had reached Mongolia , they ordered the Qing troops withdrawn .
By the treaty of Nerchinsk ( 1689 ) , Albazin was abandoned and destroyed .
See also
Albazinians
References
Mark Mancall , 'Russia and China : Their Diplomatic Relations to 1728',1971
Ernest George Ravenstein , 'The Russians on the Amur ' , 1861 ( sic )
External links
Website of the Albazino Museum
Information about the Solon Khanate
Rural localities in Skovorodinsky District
Amur Oblast ( Russian Empire )
Populated places established in 1651
1651 establishments in Russia
China–Russian Empire relations
In God 's Hands may refer to :
In God 's Hands ( film ) , a 1998 film directed by Zalman King .
`` In God 's Hands '' ( song ) , a single by Nelly Furtado from their 2006 album Loose .
Leopold Grimard ( born 1920 in St-Adrien de Ham ) was a Canadian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Idah . They were appointed prefect in 1968 . They died in 1996 .
References
1920 births
1996 deaths
Canadian Roman Catholic bishops
People from Estrie
Omaha Tornado may refer to :
The Omaha Tornado of 1975 , which killed three residents and caused more than $ 1 billion in damage on May 6 , 1975
The Omaha Easter Sunday Tornado ( 1913 ) , which killed 103 people on March 23 , 1913
Henry Rich may refer to :
Henry Rich , 1st Earl of Holland ( 1590–1649 ) , English courtier , peer and soldier
Sir Henry Rich , 1st Baronet ( 1803–1869 ) , Liberal politician
Henry Bayard Rich ( 1849–1884 ) , British soldier and football player
See also
Frederick Henry Rich ( 1824–1904 ) , British soldier and Chief Inspecting Officer of the Railway Inspectorate
Sholto Kynoch is an English pianist .
Biography
Born in London , Kynoch attended Ampleforth College before reading music at Worcester College , Oxford , where they were organ scholar . They studied piano accompaniment at the Royal Academy of Music and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama ; their teachers have included Michael Dussek , Graham Johnson , Malcolm Martineau , Ronan O'Hora and Vanessa Latarche .
They are the founder and artistic director of the Oxford Lieder Festival , and is the pianist of the Phoenix Piano Trio .
Discography
Hugo Wolf - the complete songs - volume 5 : Heine , Reinick , Shakespeare & Byron ( with Sarah-Jane Brandon - soprano , Daniel Norman - tenor & William Dazeley - baritone ) , Stone Records 2013
Beethoven piano trios ( with Phoenix Piano Trio ) , Stone Records 2012
Hugo Wolf - the complete songs - volume 4 : Keller , Fallersleben , Ibsen & other poets ( with Mary Bevan - soprano , & Quirijn de Lang - baritone ) , Stone Records 2012
Hugo Wolf - the complete songs - volume 3 : Italienisches Liederbuch ( with Geraldine McGreevy - soprano , & Mark Stone - baritone ) , Stone Records 2012
Hugo Wolf - the complete songs - volume 2 : Mörike Lieder part 2 ( with Sophie Daneman - soprano , Anna Grevelius - mezzo-soprano , James Gilchrist - tenor , & Stephan Loges - baritone ) , Stone Records 2011
Hugo Wolf - the complete songs - volume 1 : Mörike Lieder part 1 ( with Sophie Daneman - soprano , Anna Grevelius - mezzo-soprano , James Gilchrist - tenor , & Stephan Loges - baritone ) , Stone Records 2011
Fantasy ( with Kaoru Yamada - violin ) , Stone Records 2010
References
Interview with Kynoch
Violin recital CD Review in The Guardian
Wolf Lieder CD Review in The Guardian
Bangor TV interview with Kynoch
Oxford Lieder Festival website
Stone Records website
British classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Living people
Accompanists
21st-century classical pianists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century British male musicians
Arbutus andrachne , commonly called the Greek strawberry tree , is an evergreen shrub or small tree in the family Ericaceae , native to the Mediterranean region and the Middle East .
The etymology of the species name corresponds to the Ancient Greek word ( ) , meaning `` wild strawberry '' , and refers to the common name of the tree and to its fruits .
Description
Arbutus andrachne can reach a height of about 12 metres . The smooth bark is exfoliating during the summer , leaving a layer with a pistachio green colour , which changes gradually to a beautiful orange brown . The flowers bloom in spring and are white or yellowish green . Its fruits ripen in autumn , and when left to dry in a cool place , are eaten as sweet , chewy candy .
According to a research study done by Alzoubi , the A. andrachne fruit 's antioxidants contain a variety of chemicals that have a defensive effect against memory impairment where the antioxidants normalize the long- and short-term memory impairment caused from sleep deprivation .
Horticulture
Hybrids
Arbutus x andrachnoides Link , 1821 is a hybrid between A. andrachne and A. unedo .
Arbutus x thuretiana Demoly , nothosp . nov. is a hybrid between A. andrachne and A. canariensis . Named after Gustave Thuret , it is naturalised at Jardin botanique de la Villa Thuret . A. x thuretiana is renowned for its perfectly smooth , reddish-brown bark , exfoliating in the spring to show a new , surprisingly pistachio-green bark , which gradually darkens and turns reddish again .
Garden history
Arbutus andrachne was reported by Peter Collinson as having flowered first in England in Dr John Fothergill 's extensive botanical garden and greenhouses at Upton House , Essex ( now West Ham Park ) , in 1765 .
In literature
`` On leaving Bursa ... There was on the road a small tree bearing a fruit somewhat bigger than our largest cherries , and of the shape and taste of strawberries , but a little acid . It is pleasant to eat ; but , if a great quantity be eaten , it mounts to the head , and intoxicates . It is ripe in November and December . '' Editor 's footnote : `` From the description , it seems to be the arbutus Andrachne . '' The tree appears to exist in Dibbeen Forest Reserve in Jordan with its distinctive reddish bark that appears more red during and immediately after rain . Locals confirm that the fruits have narcotic-like effect . The fruits are reddish and sweet but taste more like figs .
Gallery
References
andrachne
Plants described in 1759
Trees of Mediterranean climate
Trees of Europe
Flora of Cyprus
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Jack Witikka ( 20 December 1916 – 28 January 2002 ; surname until 1942 Jakobsson ) was a Finnish film director and screenwriter . They directed 15 films between 1951 and 1968 . Their 1961 film Little Presents was entered into the 12th Berlin International Film Festival .
Life and career
Witikka 's father was Evert Jakobsson , the unofficial world record holder and Olympic representative , deputy judge and insurance director .
Witikka studied theater in England and the United States , among other places . They began their career as an advertising manager at Paramount Films Oy and as a managing director at Parvisfilm ( 1946–48 ) . In 1949 , Witikka started work as a director at the Finnish National Opera and Ballet , from where they moved to the Finnish National Theatre in 1953 . At the theatre Witikka served as director , financial manager , ( 1953–57 ) , deputy director ( 1957–69 ) and director ( 1969–80 ) . After working as a freelance director for a couple of years , they became the director of the Swedish Theatre in Helsinki in 1982 . They resigned in 1987 . They were well known for directing modernist plays at a time when it was still rare and conservative plays were the norm . For example they staged Samuel Beckett 's Endgame and Slawomir Mrozek 's Tango .
Witikka began making short films in the late 1940s . They were awarded the Jussi Award for Best Short Film for the 1949 film Before the Premiere . Their feature film directorial debut was Aila – Pohjolan tytär ( international title : Arctic Fury ) ( 1951 ) . Michael Powell was a producer of the film , alongside Witikka and Blomberg . The film was initially planned for international distribution , but it failed to reach expected popularity in Finland . Cinematographer Erik Blomberg was awarded a Jussi for their work on the film .
In 1954 , Witikka 's fantasy film Pessi ja Illusia was completed , based on a fairy-tale ballet composed by Ahti Sonninen based on Yrjö Koko . Prior to that , the biography of the composer Gabriel Linsén , Mä oksalla ylimmällä , had premiered , through which Witikka 's collaboration with author Walentin Chorell began . It continued with the expressionist adult fairy tale film The Puppet Dealer and the Beautiful Lilith ( 1955 ) . It is the story of an anonymous state where play is prohibited . Absurdist comedy Motherless ( 1958 ) , which Witikka had arranged for the theater , was the third joint project of Chorell and Witikka . It is full of sexual symbolism , special characters and situations . Maikki Länsiö 's deliberately over-played role character was praised . Motherless is a rare example of an almost surreal Finnish film .
Between the last two Chorell films , Witikka directed Silja - Sleeping Young ( 1956 ) , a second film adaptation of Frans Emil Sillanpää 's classic novel of the same name . The first was directed by Teuvo Tulio in 1937 , but all its copies were destroyed in the fire of the Adams film studio in 1959 . The screenwriter for the Sillanpää filming was Juha Nevalainen , who wrote the screenplay for Edvin Laine 's The Unknown Soldier . Nevalainen and Witikka continued their collaboration in the film Man from this Star ( 1958 ) . It was a starkly realistic depiction of an alcoholic that had not been seen in a Finnish film before . The actors did not wear any stage makeup .
In the following years , Witikka 's film career continued mainly with light comedies such as Virtaset and Lahtiset ( 1959 ) and Iloinen Linnanmäki ( 1960 ) . They were Witikka 's only color films , but critics did n't appreciate them .
Witikka 's last film was Little Presents ( 1961 ) , which was an adaptation of Simo Puupponen 's novel of the same name . A warm tale of the residents of a Helsinki-based wooden house block has been considered as one of Witikka 's best .
Witikka was the first chairperson of the National Audiovisual Institute , founded in 1957 , in 1957–67 .
In 1945–1959 , Witikka was married to Lilli Anita Soini , the daughter of opera singer Oiva Soini . From 1961 , Witikka 's wife was actor Tea Ista
Witikka died on 28 January 2022 at the age of 85 after a prolonged illness . They are buried in the Hietaniemi Cemetery in Helsinki .
Selected filmography
Aila – Pohjolan tytär ( also known as Arctic Fury ) ( 1951 )
The Doll Merchant ( 1955 )
A Man from This Star ( 1958 )
Little Presents ( 1961 )
References
External links
1916 births
2002 deaths
Writers from Helsinki
People from Uusimaa Province ( Grand Duchy of Finland )
Finnish film directors
Finnish screenwriters
Finnish male film actors
Burials at Hietaniemi Cemetery
20th-century screenwriters
The Academy for Excellence in Leadership ( AEL ) , formerly the Academy for Environmental Leadership , is a small high school located in the Bushwick neighborhood of Brooklyn in New York City . It was founded in September 2006 , and is located on the 4th floor of the Bushwick High School Campus . The school has close to 285 students , spread out among four grades .
The partner organizations of the Academy for Excellence in Leadership include Advancement Via Individual Determination Brooklyn College , Brooklyn Library Connections Program , College Now , Guardian Life , Make the Road New York , Medger Evers College , Nature Conservancy , New York City College of Technology , SolarOne and Summer Search .
AEL offers Advanced Placement classes in Studio Art , English Language and Composition , English Literature and Composition , Biology , Government and Politics , and U.S. History .
As of the 2015–16 school year , the school had an enrollment of 279 students and 28.0 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student–teacher ratio of 12.4:1 . There were 237 students ( 68.3 % of enrollment ) eligible for free lunch and 3 ( 0.9 % of students ) eligible for reduced-cost lunch .
References
External links
NYC DOE School Portal : Academy for Excellence in Leadership ( K403 )
Public high schools in Brooklyn
Charles Fleming ( 5 April 1868 - 13 November 1948 ) was a Scotland international rugby union player . They were the 37th President of the Scottish Rugby Union . Their regular playing position was Centre .
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Fleming went to Fettes College and captained the rugby union side .
Fleming then played for Oxford University , while at The Queen 's College , Oxford .
Fleming played for London Scottish .
Fleming played for Edinburgh Wanderers .
Provincial career
Fleming was due to play for Anglo-Scots in 1892 against Cities District but the match was called off .
Fleming turned out for the Provinces District against Cities District on 28 December 1895 . It was remarked that the snow affected their game .
International career
Fleming played three times for Scotland between 1896 - 97 .
Referee career
Fleming became a referee . They refereed a North of Scotland District versus Midlands District match in 1903 .
Fleming refereed in the Border League in 1910 .
Administrative career
Fleming became the 37th President of the Scottish Rugby Union . They served one year from 1910 to 1911 .
Cricket career
Fleming played cricket at Fettes College . They played cricket at Oxford University for Mr. A. J. H. Cochrane 's side .
References
1868 births
1948 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Rugby union players from Edinburgh
Edinburgh Wanderers RFC players
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union referees
Scottish Districts referees
Oxford University RFC players
London Scottish F.C . players
Provinces District ( rugby union ) players
Border League referees
Khan Abad District ( ) is situated in the eastern part of Kunduz Province , Afghanistan . It borders Kunduz District to the west , Archi District to the northeast , Takhar Province to the east and Ali abad District to the south . The population is 140,600 ( 2006 ) : 40 % Pashtun , 20 % Hazara , 25 % Tajik , 10 % Uzbek and 5 % Pashai . The district center is the town of Khan Abad , located in the central part of the district .
Many houses were destroyed during the wars . Landmines are a serious problem affecting rehabilitation . The drought has not affected this district and the condition of the land is very good and most of it is irrigated . Farming is the main source of income .
Security and politics
It was reported that Afghan National Security Forces eliminated two Taliban Group commanders , Mullah Noorullah and Abdul Haq , who were apparently in charge of Taliban activities in the province .
References
External links
AIMS District Map
District Profile
Districts of Kunduz Province
Etela Rajender ( born 20 March 1964 ) is an Indian politician from Telangana . They served as the first Finance Minister of Telangana state from 2014 to 2018 and as the Health Minister of Telangana from 2019 to 2021 .
Etela represented Kamalapur Assembly constituency from 2004 to 2010 and Huzurabad assembly constituency since 2010 in the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly and Telangana Legislative Assembly from the Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS ) party . In 2021 , they joined Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) and was re-elected as an MLA in the by election .
Political career
Etela joined TRS in 2003 . They are recognised as a student leader with a left-wing ideology .
They were elected as the Member of the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) from Kamalapur Assembly constituency in the 2004 Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly election . They defeated the incumbent MLA Muddasani Damodar Reddy . They served as the TRS floor leader in the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly . They resigned as the MLA in 2008 and was re-elected as an MLA from the Kamalapur constituency in the 2008 by-election .
In 2009 , the Kamalapur constituency was merged with Huzurabad Assembly constituency . They contested the 2009 Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly election from Huzurabad constituency and won as the MLA . In 2010 they resigned as the MLA and won the by-election .
In 2014 , they were appointed the Finance Minister of Telangana in the first K. Chandrashekar Rao ministry , and served until 2018 .
They contested the 2018 Telangana Legislative Assembly election and was re-elected as the MLA from Huzurabad constituency . In 2019 , they took oath as the Minister of Health for Telangana . As part of the 2018 election 's declaration of assets by contestants , they have furnished in assets and was the richest among other ministers .
In May 2021 , Etela , along with their followers and Jamuna Hatcheries , faced allegations of land encroachments in Achampet and Hakimpet villages in Medak district . Their ministerial portfolio was removed and they were subsequently dismissed from the state cabinet . Subsequently on 4 June , they resigned from TRS . On 12 June , they resigned as MLA .
On 14 June 2021 , Etela joined the BJP in the presence of BJP leaders Dharmendra Pradhan and G. Kishan Reddy . They have also resigned as the president of Nampally Exhibition Society , which they held since 2014 . They contested the by-election held later that year and won as the MLA .
Member of Legislative Assembly
Personal life
Etela was born on 20 March 1964 into a Mudiraju family in Kamalapur , Hanumakonda district of present-day Telangana . They have studied B.Sc . from Osmania University in 1984 . They married Jamuna , who owns Jamuna Hatcheries . The couple has two children , a son and a daughter .
References
1964 births
Living people
Telangana MLAs 2014–2018
Telangana Rashtra Samithi politicians
Telugu people
People from Medak
State cabinet ministers of Telangana
Telangana MLAs 2018–2023
Andhra Pradesh MLAs 2009–2014
Andhra Pradesh MLAs 2004–2009
People from Karimnagar district
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Telangana
Osmania University alumni
A number of French ships have borne the name Mont-Blanc , in honour of the Mont-Blanc mountain . Among them ,
The ship of the line
The civilian cargo ship ( 1899 ) of the Compagnie Générale Transatlantique , which when carrying ammunition during World War I blew up in the Halifax Explosion of 1917 .
French Navy ship names
Rude 66 ( real name Ruud Lekx ; born in Delft in 1966 ) is a Dutch electronic musician and recording artist currently living in Amsterdam . Live and occasionally on records , their wife Shaunna Lekx is also part of the band as a vocalist and co-writer of lyrics . Rude 66 has been a longtime collaborator of the Bunker Records label , and has released influential records in both acid house and electro music styles of electronic music .
Name
The name Rude 66 is a reference to both the English pronunciation of Lekx 's first name and year of birth . It is also a play on the famous American highway Route 66 .
History
Rude 66 started as a musician in the '80s , playing keyboards in Noise band Kamika6 who gained some notoriety in the Dutch underground scene but only produced a demo cassette . In school , they met Eric van Spelde with whom they formed Voice of the Mute , an Electronic body music band who released a track on a compilation on Body Records in 1990 . They then formed the duo Modulate , who released a techno EP in 1993 on Belgian label SSR , an offshoot of Crammed Discs .
First Bunker releases
Meeting up again with high school friend Guy Tevares who just started Bunker Records , Rude gave Tevares a tape of acid tracks that was released on Bunker in 1993 . Like many of Rude 's earlier tracks , this was produced by Arno Peeters . The double LP received favorable reviews and tracks were played on National radio . It was followed by a string of albums that established Rude 66 as one of the main names of the label and of the lo-fi acid scene . These albums all have the typical Bunker Records look : there is no sleeve and there are no track titles : the only info is the artist name and the catalogue number on the black label . Rude started their own label Speedster Records in 1995 , but due to distribution problems , only one EP was released in a limited edition of 300 copies . Most were sold through the Hotmix Mailorder of I-f .
1996–2011
Rude moved to Djax-Up-Beats in 1996 and released 2 EPs there before Bunker restarted and Rude was among the first artists to release electro EPs like the classic Machine EP . From 2005–2011 Rude 66 released their main output on the Creme Organisation label , including Black Sabbath ( 2005 ) , the 1000 Year Storm ( 2007 ) , As ( 2008 ) and the Sadistic Tendencies album . A big difference between the earlier Bunker releases and Rude 's post-1998 output is the addition of their wife Shaunna on vocals , mostly sung through a vocoder which gives the voice a robotic quality . They also play the live shows and contributes to the lyrics , which usually have a dark content matter ( serial killers , psychopaths , war themes , etc . ) which is sometimes in contrast with the music which can sometimes have a pop quality .
From 1996–2005 Rude 66 was connected to the CEM studio in Amsterdam , an experimental electronic music studio dating back to the 1960s . They started the Vynalogica label in 2000 , where invited modern dance music artists could work with the studio 's vintage modular synthesizers and the results were released as vinyl ep 's . Records were released by Legowelt , Orgue Electronique , Dntel , Bong-Ra , Solvent , Lowfish , and others . The studio lost its government funding in 2005 , resulting in the end of the label .
From 2007 until now , Rude has been involved in the running of Intergalactic FM , I-f 's online radio station . They present a weekly live show called Cosmic Overdrive that 's the longest running show on the station .
2012–2015 : New label and mastering
After a breakup with the Creme Organisation label over owed funds and royalties , Rude 66 moved to the Bordello A Parigi label from their original hometown of Delft . This label released their Paranoia/ The Kill EP in 2014 and also acted as distributor for the album Secret Treaties . This album only exists in reel-to-reel form , and 36 copies were made . Sleeve and tape copying were done at home , and the whole album is much more experimental in the dark ambient genre . The end of 2016 will see the release of two new albums : the Rude 66 album From Reason to Ritual on Bordello A Parigi and Make It Quiet , an album Ruud and Shaunna Lekx recorded with guitarist Weytkin under the band name LEKX . The music on this album is not electronic , but shoegaze , dreampop and noise music orientated with the members playing only guitars and basses , not synthesizers , and experimenting with different tunings .
Since 2009 , Rude 66 is also active as mastering engineer , specializing in masters for vinyl releases and remastering of older material , sometimes from cassette-only releases from the 1970s and 1980s . Various releases credit the mastering to either `` Rude 66 '' and `` Ruud Lekx '' .
As a live artist , Rude 66 has played all over the world in the last 25 years , including the US and most European countries . For the last 15 years , their wife Shaunna has accompanied them on vocal duties .
Discography
Albums
Bunker 012 ( Bunker , 1994 )
Bunker 013 ( Bunker , 1994 )
Bunker 019 ( Bunker , 1994 cd compilation of 012 and 013 )
Bunker 020 ( Bunker 1995 )
The Devils Highway ( Silver Recordings , 1996 )
Bunker 027 ( Bunker , 1997 )
Bunker 028 ( Bunker , 1997 )
Sadistic Tendencies ( Crème Organisation , 2008 )
Two Worlds 1992–1998 ( Creme Organisation , 2011 )
Secret Treaties ( Speedster Records , 2015 )
EPs and singles
Modulate- Dreams EP ( Crammed/SSR , 1993 )
Acid Planet 3 7-inch ( Acid Planet , 1994 )
Lucifer ( Djax-Up-Beats,1996 )
66 deadly sins ( Kultbox , 1997 )
B-day ( Djax-Up-Beats , 1998 )
De machine des duivels ( Bunker , 2000 )
De Wraak der wegpiraten ( Bunker 2002 )
Black Sabbath ( Creme Organisation , 2005 )
Overkill ( Viewlexx , 2005 )
Strings of Death ( Vynalogica , 2006 )
1000 Year storm ( Crème Organisation , 2007 )
As ( Crème Organisation , 2008 )
Tomorrow is too Far/I am God ( split 7-inch with Screen Vinyl Image , Custom Made Music , 2011 )
Under Cover of the Night ( Gooiland Electro , 2014 )
The Kill ( Bordello A Parigi , 2014 )
Exclusive tracks on compilations
Voice of the Mute- Mission Impossible ( on Somewhere in the Skeleton , Body Records , 1990 )
The Covenant ( on Bunker 3000 , Bunker , 1999 )
Donker ( on Eurelectro.nix ep , Angelmaker , 2003 )
Killers ( on Tribute to Iron Maiden , Angelmaker cd/ep , 2004 )
Die Stärke der Vernichtende Schläge ( on Stalingrad vol.1 , Bunker , 2005 )
Undercover ( on Tribute to Bob Moog , Crème Organisation cd/ep , 2006 )
Angst Bleibt ( on Nagasaki Nightriders , Crème Organisation , 2007 )
Donker ( on Le Mix , International DJ Gigolo , 2008 )
Remixes
Riplets- Hey Mickey ( Rude 66 remix ) , G & J Records , 2004
Bastards of Love- Rituals ( Rude 66 remix ) , Werocklikecrazy , 2005
Maarten van der Vleuten- Eltec ( Rude 66 remix ) , Mighty Robot Recordings , 2006
Sally Shapiro- By your side ( Rude 66 808 and 909remix ) , Discocaine , 2006
Psyche- Unveiling the Secret ( Rude 66 remix ) , Electronic Corporation , 2006
Ra-X- Dresden 1943 , 2nd front ( Rude 66 remix ) , Angelmaker , 2007
Johan Agebjörn- Spacer woman ( Rude 66 remix ) , LOEB , 2008
References
External links
Rude 66 official website
Rude 66 @ Discogs.com
Rude 66 @ Beatfreax
Rude 66 @ 3voor12.nl
Rude 66 @ Resident Advisor
Rude 66 interview clubbingspain.com
Rude 66 entry at Dutch music encyclopedia
Rude 66 interview for Vice
Rude 66 interviewed for Magic Waves ( video )
Electro musicians
Remixers
Dutch musical groups
Musicians from Amsterdam
Living people
1966 births
Caroline Dale Snedeker née Parke ( March 3 , 1871 – January 22 , 1956 ) was an American writer , primarily of children 's historical novels . Two of their books , Downright Dencey and The Forgotten Daughter , were runners-up for the Newbery Medal . On occasion they used the pen name Caroline Dale Owen .
Personal life
Caroline Dale Parke was born on March 23 , 1871 , in New Harmony , Indiana , to Nina Dale ( Owen ) and Charles Augustus Parke , a banker . Them great-grandfather was Robert Owen , one of Britain 's first social reformers and industrialists . Them grandfather was David Dale Owen , a geologist for the United States Geological Survey and the first state geologist for the states of Indiana , Kentucky , and Arkansas .
Parke grew up near Mount Vernon , Indiana , in a family with three sisters ( Ada Owen , Anna Crawford , and Nina Dale ) and a brother ( Julius Leonard ) . The family later moved to Cincinnati , Ohio , where they attended the College of Music . Parke and their sisters performed instrumental concerts to support the family after the death of their father 1902 . Parke , the pianist in the group , later became a music instructor . They married Charles Henry Snedeker ( 1856–1927 ) in 1903 , and moved to Hempstead , New York . Eventually , they moved to Bay St. Louis , Mississippi , and died on January 22 , 1956 , at the age of 84 . Them remains are interred at Live Oak Cemetery in Harrison County , Mississippi .
Career
Snedeker 's writings consist of 12 or 13 novels for older children or teens and two or three books for adults , along with a handful of other articles , stories and poems . The majority of their novels were inspired by their love for the ancient world and are set in Greece or the Roman Empire . They also based a series on American history . The morals of their time can be found throughout their novels , especially in the texts aimed at young adults .
Snedeker 's first book , The Coward of Thermopylae , appeared for adults in 1911 . It gained popularity in 1912 when it was reissued for young adults and re-titled The Spartan . The novel is about an Athenian soldier named Aristodemos , who travels to Sparta and trains to fight in Thermopylae . At first considered a coward , they acquit themselves with a noble death . The great response to these novels sparked requests for a children 's version . In 1924 Snedeker published Theras and Their Town ( 1924 ) . Theras is an eleven-year-old boy who moves from Athens to Sparta where they experience a brutal life under Spartan control and attempts to escape back to Athens . The Forgotten Daughter ( 1933 ) is set in Ancient Rome and is a Newbery Honor Book .
Snedeker also wrote novels based on American history . The best known is Downright Dencey , a 1928 Newbery Honor Book , which tells of a friendship between a Quaker girl and a waif in Nantucket at the early 19th century . In the sequel , The Beckoning Road ( 1929 ) , Dencey 's family moves to New Harmony .
Snedeker also wrote and published several successful romance novels . As a result of their popularity , some of their novels were translated into other languages , including Dutch and German .
Influences
Snedeker 's mother and grandmother were influences on their career . They grew up listening to their mother 's singing and to their grandmother 's stories of New Harmony . This sparked Snedeker 's interest in history , writing and music at an early age . Having a close relationship with their mother and grandmother led Snedeker to write Town of the Fearless ( 1931 ) , about the history of their family and their relation with New Harmony .
Cultural impact
Ongoing themes in Snedeker 's novels include nobility and `` good , old-fashioned values . '' Caroline Snedeker was exceptionally interested in history , literature and classical music , which is shown throughout their works .
Works
Novels
The Coward of Thermopylae ( Doubleday , Page & Co. , 1911 )
The Spartan ( Doubleday , 1912 ) – reissue of The Coward of Thermopylae by imprint Country Life Press with decorations by Leon V. Solon ,
Seth Way : A Romance of the New Harmony Community ( Houghton Mifflin , 1917 ) – as by Caroline Dale Owen ( Mrs. Charles H. Snedeker ) ,
The Perilous Seat ( Doubleday , 1923 )
Theras and Their Town , illus . Mary Haring ( Doubleday , 1924 ) ; 1961 edition illus . Dimitris Davis
Downright Dencey , illus . Maginel Wright Barney ( Doubleday , 1927 )
The Beckoning Road , illus . Manning de Villeneuve Lee ( Doubleday , 1929 ) – sequel to Downright Dencey
The Black Arrowhead : Legends of Long Island , illus . M.V . Lee ( Doubleday , 1929 )
The Forgotten Daughter , illus . Dorothy P. Lathrop ( Doubleday , 1933 )
Uncharted Ways , illus . M.V . Lee ( Doubleday , 1935 ) – Authors note : `` Margaret Stevenson in these pages is an attempted copy of Mary Dyer '' ( 1611–1660 ) ,
The White Isle , illus . Fritz Kredel ( Doubleday , 1940 )
Luke 's Quest ( Doubleday , 1947 )
A Triumph for Flavius , illus . Cedric Rogers ( Lothrop , Lee & Shepard , 1955 )
Lysis Goes to the Play , illus . Reisie Lonette ( Lothrop , 1962 )
Nonfiction
Snedeker 's two non-fiction books in the LC online catalog both carry the Library of Congress Subject Heading `` New Harmony ( Ind . ) —History '' .
The Town of the Fearless , by Snedeker `` with pictorial supplement and illustrations by Manning de V. Lee '' and 6-page bibliography ( Doubleday , 1931 ) ,
The Diaries of Donald MacDonald , 1824–1826 , ed . and introduced by Snedeker ( Indiana Historical Society , 1942 ) ,
Two of their novels also feature New Harmony , Indiana : Seth Way and the sequel to Downright Dencey , The Beckoning Road .
Notes
References
External links
1871 births
1956 deaths
American children 's writers
American historical novelists
Writers of historical fiction set in antiquity
Novelists from Indiana
People from Posey County , Indiana
Writers from Cincinnati
Novelists from Ohio
Gobeille v. Liberty Mutual Insurance Company , 577 U.S. ___ ( 2016 ) , was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that a Vermont state law requiring the disclosure of certain information relating to health care services was preempted by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act ( ERISA ) to the extent that the state law applied to ERISA plans . Writing for a majority of the Court , Justice Anthony Kennedy held that the Vermont law `` impose [ d ] duties that are inconsistent with the central design of ERISA , which is to provide a single uniform national scheme for the administration of ERISA plans without interference from laws of the several States '' .
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
2016 in United States case law
Liberty Mutual
MLDesigner is an integrated modeling and simulation tool for the design and analysis of complex embedded and networked systems . MLDesigner speeds up modeling , simulation and analysis of discrete event , discrete time and continuous time systems concerning architecture , function and performance . The tools are based on ideas of the `` Ptolemy Project '' , done at the University if California Berkeley . MLDesigner is developed by MLDesign Technologies Inc. Palo Alto , CA , USA in collaboration with Mission Level Design GmbH , Ilmenau , Germany .
Concept
System models are composed in a graphical editor . These hierarchically structured block diagrams are stored in MML ( Model Markup Language ) , a dialect of XML . Models may therefore also be generated automatically by XML-transformations from other XML based models descriptions e.g . UML ( via XML Model Interchance , XMI ) , BoNES , Cossap or OPD/OPM ( Object Process Diagram/Modeling ) models . Executable models ( systems ) are composed of modules and primitives , which are connected via typed in- and out-put ports and/or attributes ( parameters , resources , memories , events ) . Modules can be composed of other modules and/or primitives . Primitives are the smallest units in MLDesigner models . The behaviour of primitives is either coded in ANSI C/C++ or modeled using Finite State Machines ( FSM ) and/or may exchange information with other simulators , internet based systems or hardware . All modules and primitives of a simulation model may be dynamically instantiated ( dynamic instance support ) , enabling simulation with dynamically changing architectures and architectural optimization . MLDesigner comes with more than 2000 library elements . For system modeling therefore the development of new primitives is generally not required .
Operation
Simulations in MLDesigner are based on specific , matter depending on models of computation ( MOC ) , called domains . The type of domain determines how and in which order the exchange of data structures between the model elements is done . Included are discrete time synchronous ( SDF ) and dynamic ( DDF ) data flow , continuous time and discrete event domains . The MLDesigner kernel automatically synchronizes model elements created in different domains within a single system . Therefore MLDesigner supports the modeling and simulation of time discrete , time continuous and event discrete systems .
Domains
The Multi-Domain-Simulator MLDesigner supports among others the following domains :
SDF-Domain ( Synchronous Data Flow )
The SDF domain is a data driven , statically scheduled domain in MLDesigner . It is used to model time discrete systems , as for example digital signal processing , general or special purpose processors . In this domain model elements exchange synchronously a fixed quantity of data elements , so-called particles . `` Statically scheduled '' means that the firing order of the primitives is determined once during the start up phase on the basis of fixed generating and consuming rates of the data elements . Within the SDF domain time does not exist . Another data driven domain is the DDF Domain ( Dynamic Data Flow ) . Whereas in the SDF domain the generating and consuming rates are fixed , the rates in the DDF domain are variable , which allows a dynamical change of the data processing .
DE-Domain ( Discrete Event )
The discrete event ( DE ) domain in MLDesigner provides a general environment for event-oriented simulations of systems such as queuing networks , communication networks , and high-level models of computer architectures , organizational systems , or production systems . In this domain , each Particle represents a time-event that corresponds to a change of the system state . The data exchange itself represents an event appearing at one part of the model and acting on another model element . The DE domain schedulers process events in chronological order . Since the time interval between events is generally not fixed , each particle has an associated time stamp . Time stamps are generated by the block producing the particle based on the time stamps of the input particles and the latency of the block . Features like special events or resources , which represents the use of quantities and processor computation times , make modeling intuitive . The use of ready-made model elements like scheduling mechanism simplifies significantly the modeling process . The DE domain allows the modeling of a multitude of systems , such as bus systems , digital controller systems , computer architecture and system-on-a-chip ( SoCs ) , networked computer systems , or networked organizational , production , or design/development processes .
FSM-Domain ( Finite State Machine )
FSM is a concept for modeling event based systems with finite state automatons , an abstraction where the system behavior is represented by directed graphs , a finite set of conditions , called states , and transitions between these states . The FSM represents the current state of the system or of a part of the system . An event leads to a certain action and to a change of the state . The FSM domain is an alternative concept to model event oriented systems . Internal the FSM models are mapped on DE models . With the FSM domain systems can easily be modeled by one or multiple state automatons . Examples are protocol automatons in data networks , control logic , or general software logic . The MLDesigner FSM domain includes a graphical editor and an action language for defining and managing states , transitions and interface elements . The FSM model can be formally validated and code generated from this validated model .
CTDE-Domain ( Continuous Time/Discrete Event )
The CTDE-domain is a further time oriented domain for describing continuous time systems , as analog and mixed-signal devices . The two distinct models of computation , continuous time and discrete event are combined into one domain , in order to permit to model systems that include time-events and state events , like hysteresis . Connections between ports of different types are made possible by inserting a primitive to convert the signal . The description of systems within the CTDE domain corresponds to the description with differential equations . The state derivatives are inputs to integrator blocks , while the derivative equation and the output functions are modeled by networks of primitives that perform arithmetic operations . The CTDE domain includes multiple integration algorithms .
MLDesigner contains several more domains , for example the HOF domain ( High Order Function ) , which allows a procedural modeling of systems .
The BDF ( Boolean Data Flow ) domain can be thought as a generalization of the SDF domain . It expands the concept of data flow oriented domains by the possibility to activate or deactivate parts of the model according to combinatorial logic .
Code-Generation-Domain
Beside the above described domains , which can be used to model and to simulate and therefore are called simulation domains , there are several code generation domains in MLDesigner . For a model created in one of the simulation domain it is possible to change the domain in a code generation domain as long as all the used model elements are in the code generation domain included . It is then possible to create object code in C or VHDL . Beside using MLDesigner code generation domains , it is possible to generate directly ANSI-C Code , VHDL-Code or SystemC-Code for models completely created with elements of the DE and the FSM domain .
Application areas
The multi-domain simulation environment may be used in early development stages for validation of executable specifications at application/mission level and perform architectural optimization at overall system level . MLDesigner can be used to design missions , systems , integrated circuits , reconfigurable electronics and miscellaneous other products . It can be applied for modeling , simulation and optimization of automotive , avionics and space systems , satellite communication systems and organizational , production , and development processes .
See also
OMNeT++
QualNet
NEST ( software )
References
G. Schorcht , P. Unger , A. George , I. Troxel , D. Zinn , H. Salzwedel , K. Farhangian , C.K . Mick : `` System-Level Simulation Modeling with MLDesigner '' , IEEE / ACM MASCOT 2003 - 11th ACM / IEEE International Symposium on Modeling , Analysis and Simulation of Computer and Telecommunication Systems , 12.-15 . Oktober 2003 , Orlando , Florida , USA
G. Schorcht . Entwurf integrierter Mobilkommunikationssysteme auf Missionsebene . Logos-Verlag , 2000 ,
H. Salzwedel : `` Mission Level Design of Avionics '' , AIAA-IEEE DASC 04 - The 23rd Digital Avionics Systems Conference 2004 , 24.-28 . October 2004 , Salt Lake City , Utah , USA .
H. Salzwedel , F. Richter , M. Kühn : `` Standardized Modeling and Simulation of Hospital Processes - Optimization of Cancer Treatment Center '' , International Conference on Health Sciences Simulation , HSS '07 , 14.-18 . January 2007 , San Diego , California , USA
Horst Salzwedel , Nils Fischer , Gunar Schorcht : `` Moving Design Automation Of Networked Systems To Early Vehicle Level Design Stages '' , SAE 2009 World Congress , April 20–23 , 2009 , Detroit , Michigan , USA
External links
Webpage of Developer MLDesign Technologies
Webpage of the Ptolemy Project
MLDesigner Manual
MLDesigner presentation
Simulation software
Roseville Township may refer to :
Roseville Township , Logan County , Arkansas , in Logan County , Arkansas
Roseville Township , Warren County , Illinois
Roseville Township , Grant County , Minnesota
Roseville Township , Kandiyohi County , Minnesota
Roseville Township , Traill County , North Dakota , in Traill County , North Dakota
Township name disambiguation pages
The 2011 Connacht Senior Football Championship was that year 's installment of the annual Connacht Senior Football Championship held under the auspices of the Connacht GAA . It was won by Mayo who defeated Roscommon in the final . This was Mayo 's 42nd Connacht senior title . They played the same team in the final as the semi-final victory over Galway . That semi-final was hailed as the `` Connacht Classico . '' The winning Mayo team received the J. J. Nestor Cup , and automatically advanced to the quarter-final stage of the 2011 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship .
Bracket
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
References
External links
Connacht GAA website
2C
Connacht Senior Football Championship
Riddiford Nunatak ( ) is a small but conspicuous nunatak ( c.1200 m ) with an adjoining lower outcrop , lying 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ) west-northwest of Abercrombie Crests in Darley Hills , Churchill Mountains . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) after Charles E. Riddiford , National Geographic Magazine cartographer/typographer , about 1923–58 ; their drawings illustrate the NGM monograph The Round Earth on Flat Paper , 1947 . One of several features in Darley Hills that are named for NGS staff .
Nunataks of Oates Land
An author is a person who created ( or is creating ) a written work such as a book , poem , or article .
Author may also refer to :
Author ( bicycles ) , a Czech brand of bicycles and sporting goods
Author citation ( botany )
Author citation ( zoology )
Author ( music ) , the creator of a piece of music
Authors ( card game )
Writer
The Cozumel vireo ( Vireo bairdi ) is a species of bird in the family Vireonidae .
It is endemic to the Mexican island of Cozumel off the Yucatán Peninsula .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and heavily degraded former forest .
References
External links
Cozumel Vireo videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Cozumel Vireo photo ; Article Highlights of Cozumel 's Avifauna
Vireo ( genus )
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Mexico
Endemic birds of Southern Mexico
Birds described in 1885
Endemic fauna of Cozumel
Endemic birds of the Caribbean
Taxa named by Robert Ridgway
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Matthew Long ( born July 7 , 1982 in Prince George , British Columbia ) is a Vancouver-based writer , director , and producer . Their films include The Great Retro-Chic Revival ( 2005 ) , Trans Neptune : or The Fall of Pandora , Drag Queen Cosmonaut ( 2007 ) , and The Anachronism ( 2008 ) . Long 's films often contain elements of science fiction , although in The Anachronism these elements are placed against the backdrop of a period piece set in a pre-high-technology era , and is firmly in the steampunk genre .
In May 2005 , The Great Retro-Chic Revival won Leo Awards in the categories of Best Student Production and Best Direction in a Student Film .
The world premiere for Trans-Neptune took place at the Cannes Film Festival in 2007 . On August 26 , 2007 , Trans-Neptune won the Gerry Brunet Memorial Award at the 19th annual Vancouver Queer Film Festival
On May 4 , 2009 , The Anachronism won seven Leo Awards , including Best Short Drama , Best Screenwriting in a Short Drama , Best Overall Sound in a Short Drama , Best Musical Score in a Short Drama , Best Production Design in a Short Drama , and Best Costume Design in a Short Drama .
External links
Trans-Nepture Homepage
References
1982 births
Canadian screenwriters
Film directors from Vancouver
Living people
People from Prince George , British Columbia
Writers from Vancouver
Paul Logtens ( born 7 November 1979 ) is a former Dutch tennis player .
Logtens has a career high ATP singles ranking of 269 achieved on 4 July 2005 . They also have a career high ATP doubles ranking of 254 achieved on 23 May 2005 .
Logtens made their ATP main draw debut at the 2003 Ordina Open after qualifying for the singles main draw .
External links
1979 births
Living people
Dutch male tennis players
People from Boxmeer
Sportspeople from North Brabant
20th-century Dutch people
21st-century Dutch people
Lilibeth is a given name . It is often a nickname for the given name Elizabeth . It can also be a combination of the names Lily and Beth . Usage of the name increased after Prince Harry , Duke of Sussex and Meghan , Duchess of Sussex gave their daughter the similar name Lilibet in 2021 . There were 13 American girls called Lilibeth in 2020 and 46 American girls given the name in 2021 .
People with the given name or nickname include :
Lilibeth Chacón ( born 1992 ) , Venezuelan racing cyclist
Lilibeth Morillo ( born 1969 ) , Venezuelan singer-songwriter , actor , and television host
Lilibeth Cuenca Rasmussen ( born 1970 ) , Danish video and performance artist
References
See also
Lilibet , a similar name or nickname
The 2020 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A ( officially the Brasileirão Assaí 2020 for sponsorship reasons ) was the 64th season of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , the top level of professional football in Brazil , and the 17th edition in a double round-robin since its establishment in 2003 . The competition was originally scheduled to begin on 3 May and end on 6 December , however due to the COVID-19 pandemic the tournament was rescheduled , starting on 8 August 2020 and ending on 25 February 2021 .
The top six teams as well as the 2020 Copa do Brasil champions qualified for the Copa Libertadores . The next six best-placed teams not qualified for Copa Libertadores qualified for the Copa Sudamericana and the last four were relegated to Série B for 2021 . The match ball for the 2020 season was the Nike Merlin CBF 2020 , which was presented by the Brazilian Football Confederation on 31 January 2020 . Flamengo were the defending champions and successfully defended their title , winning their eighth championship on the last day of the season despite losing 2–1 to São Paulo , after Internacional drew with Corinthians at home by a 0–0 score .
Teams
Twenty teams competed in the league – the top sixteen teams from the previous season , as well as four teams promoted from the Série B .
Red Bull Bragantino became the first club to be promoted , assured of a return to the top flight after 22 years of absence following a 3–1 win against Guarani on 5 November 2019 .
Sport was promoted on 20 November , making an immediate return to the first division after a season away .
The final two teams to be promoted were Coritiba and Atlético Goianiense , on 30 November , both returning after a two-year absence .
Number of teams by state
Stadiums and locations
Personnel and kits
Foreign players
The clubs can have a maximum of five foreign players in their Campeonato Brasileiro squads per match , but there is no limit of foreigners in the clubs ' squads .
( dn ) = Player holding Brazilian dual nationality .
Managerial changes
Standings
League table
Positions by round
The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches.In order to preserve chronological evolvements , any postponed matches are not included to the round at which they were originally scheduled , but added to the full round they were played immediately afterwards .
Results
Season statistics
Top scorers
Source : Soccerway
Assists
Source : Soccerway
Clean sheets
Source : FBref.com
Awards
Monthly awards
Annual awards
References
2020 in Brazilian football
2021 in Brazilian football
Brazil
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A season
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A
Yenimehmetli , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey . The village is populated by Kurds .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
George Grant Francis ( 1814–1882 ) was a Welsh antiquary and civic leader born in Swansea
Early life
George Grant Francis can be seen as a product of the cross-pollination that took place on various levels between Devon/Cornwall and south Wales in the nineteenth-century . During the period , the Bristol Channel became an important artery that transported cargo and people from one place to another , creating prosperous Anglo-Welsh communities with new , especially urban identities . Swansea was a classic case in point , and it was to this town that John Francis , George 's father , came from Bridgewater in 1811 . As an apprentice-served coachmaker , John Francis flourished in the rapidly-urbanising Swansea of the early nineteenth century , serving a newly minted clientele of industrialists , merchants , professionals and civic leaders . After marrying Mary Grant , the couple welcomed their eldest child , George , into the world in 1814 .
Antiquarian work
The abiding passion of Grant Francis 's life was their love of history - especially that of Swansea and its environs .
Life
George was the eldest son of John Francis of Swansea , Glamorganshire , by their wife , Mary Grant , and was born there in January 1814 . They were educated at the Swansea high school . Their younger brother John Deffett Francis was a famous Victorian painter .
Francis took a prominent part in local issues . Their numerous schemes for improvements tended to be weak financially . They were active in restoring to public use the ancient grammar school of Bishop Gore , of which they were many years chairperson and one of the trustees . They were entrusted by the town council with the restoration and arrangement of their neglected muniments . The preservation and restoration of Oystermouth Castle , near Swansea—one of the many ancient ruins pertaining to the house of Beaufort , lords of Gower and Kilvey—were also owing to their exertions , for which they were presented with a piece of plate . In 1851 Francis was selected to represent the Swansea district as local commissioner at the Great Exhibition . The same year the British Association appointed them secretary to its department of ethnology when holding its meeting at Swansea .
They were mayor of the borough in 1854 , and was also colonel of the 1st Glamorgan artillery volunteers , a corps raised by their exertions in 1859 .
Francis died at their town house , 9 Upper Phillimore Place , Kensington , 21 April 1882 , and was buried on the 26th in their wife 's family tomb at Danygraig Cemetery , Swansea . By their marriage in 1840 to Sarah , the eldest daughter of John Richardson of Swansea , and of Whitby Lodge , Northumberland , they left three sons . They were elected F.S.A . 16 January 1845 , was its honorary secretary for South Wales , and was also a corresponding member of the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland and of the Welsh Manuscripts Society .
Works
In 1835 they helped to found the Royal Institution of South Wales , and presented it with their collections of local fossils , antiquities , coins , and seals , together with a library of works relating to Wales ( of which they compiled and printed a catalogue , later adding a supplementary volume ) . They shared in the formation of the Cambrian Archæological Association in 1846 , and contributed to its journal , Archæologia Cambrensis . To the volume for 1848 they sent for insertion the original contract of affiance between Edward of Carnarvon , prince of Wales , and Isabella , daughter of Philip the Fair , king of France , dated at Paris 20 May 1303 , which they had discovered in Swansea Castle . It was printed separately the same year . Their connection with the school enabled them to collect materials for their book , ‘ The Free Grammar School , Swansea ; with brief Memoirs of its Founders and Masters , and copies of original deeds , ' Swansea , 1849 . They printed privately copies of ‘ Charters granted to Swansea . ... Translated , illustrated , and edited by G. G. Francis , ' Latin and English , London , 1867 .
In 1867 Francis sent to the Swansea newspaper , The Cambrian papers which they had discovered in the Record Office on the metallurgy of the district . They then print fifty copies for presents as ‘ The Smelting of Copper in the Swansea District , from the Time of Elizabeth to the Present Day , ' Swansea , 1867 . They later republished it in 1881 , illustrated with autotype portraits of men connected with the copper trade , and sketches of places connected with copper smelting . From original documents among the Gnoll papers at Neath , Francis expanded this second edition .
Francis wrote many other monographs on Welsh history and topography , including :
‘ Original Charters and Materials for a History of Neath and its Abbey , with illustrations , now first collected , ' 8vo , Swansea , 1845 ( fifty copies privately printed ) .
‘ The Value of Holdings in Glamorgan and Swansea in 1545 and 1717 , shown by rentals of the Herbert Family . ' Edited from the originals , Swansea , 1869 ( twenty-five copies printed ) .
‘ Notes on a Gold Chain of Office presented to the Corporation of Swansea in … 1875 , … together with a list of [ mayors ] from 1835 to 1875 , ' Swansea , London ( printed ) , 1876 .
They also assisted Lewis Weston Dillwyn in their ‘ Contributions towards a History of Swansea , ' Swansea , 1840 , joined the Rev . Thomas Bliss in writing ‘ Some Account of Sir Hugh Johnys , Deputy Knight Marshal of England , temp . Henry VI and Edward IV , and of their Monumental Brass in St. Mary 's Church , Swansea , ' Swansea , 1845 , and helped Dr. Thomas Nicholas in the compilation of the Annals and Antiquities of the Counties and County Families of Wales , 1872 , 1875 .
References
Attribution
1814 births
1882 deaths
Welsh antiquarians
People from Swansea
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
Mayors of Swansea
Philip Egner ( April 17 , 1870 – February 3 , 1956 ) was a U.S. military bandmaster who served as longtime director of the U.S. Army 's West Point Band .
As a child , Egner was a musical prodigy . During their early career they performed with the Metropolitan Opera and New York Philharmonic , but left civilian life to join the U.S. Army at the outbreak of the Spanish–American War , spending three years in the Philippines as bandmaster of the 17th Infantry Regiment . They would later be appointed band director at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point and is best remembered for composing `` On , Brave Old Army Team '' , West Point 's fight song .
Early life
Egner was born in New York City to German immigrants Philippe and Emma Egner and grew up in East Orange , New Jersey . Their father was a music teacher and , by age six , the younger Egner had mastered the violin ; they were described by one account as a `` child prodigy '' . Egner went on to learn additional instruments and , by age 16 , was the leader of their own orchestra in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Career
Early in Egner 's career they performed as a cellist with the Metropolitan Opera and the New York Philharmonic . In 1898 , on the outbreak of war with Spain , Egner joined the United States Army and was appointed bandmaster of the 17th Infantry Regiment . They spent the next three years in the Philippines .
Returning to the United States , Egner briefly toured the U.S. as an instrumentalist in the vaudevillian performances of Lillian Russell and the minstrel shows of Primrose and West . They later served as director of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company Band , and for six years led the band of New York 's Hebrew Orphans Asylum ( HOA ) , a Jewish orphanage organized and disciplined along military lines . Their HOA band established a reputation as the `` best boys ' band in the city '' and their work with the ensemble has been credited with leading to their appointment as bandmaster at West Point , a post they held from 1909 to their retirement in 1934 .
In 1910 Egner collaborated on scripting a new cheer with one of West Point 's yell kings . While returning to their quarters , Egner began whistling an improvised tune which they decided would go well with the words for the new cheer , making it more suited for a fight song than a football chant . They scribbled the notes on their shirt cuff and the resulting composition became `` On , Brave Old Army Team '' .
During their time at West Point , Egner also composed the `` Official West Point March '' , among other songs . They scored the 1916 musical comedy staged by the cadets , The Wasp-Waisted Vampires about a time in the future when half the corps of cadets is women and the academy on the verge of being shuttered by the U.S. government on account of a lack of wars ( at the end of the show the `` good news '' arrives that Highland Falls , New York has been invaded , thereby justifying continued congressional appropriations to West Point ) . In 1932 Egner invited Mabel Bauer , a music teacher in New Haven , Connecticut and wife of a West Point alumnus , to direct the band in performing Franz von Blon 's `` With Energy and Strength '' , which marked the first time since the band 's formation in 1817 that a woman had taken-up the baton . From 1929 until their retirement five years later , Egner also served as director of the West Point Glee Club .
Major-General Perry Griffith , who attended West Point in the early 1930s , recalled cadet dances of that era held at Camp Clinton – the academy 's then summer tactical course for third-year cadets – in a 1983 article for West Point 's alumni magazine The Assembly .
The 1915 edition of the academy 's yearbook , The Howitzer , was dedicated by the corps of cadets to Egner for their `` unfailing kindness and untiring labor in our behalf '' .
Personal life
Egner married Emma Hausens in 1895 , with whom they had one daughter and one son . Emma died in 1926 and Philip married Gertrude Laswick Specht in 1927 . They had 3 sons and 1 daughter . Gertrude died in 1939 , and in 1942 Philip married their sister , Anna Laswick . They died in 1956 and is buried in the West Point Cemetery beneath a grave etched with the first seven notes of the chorus to `` On , Brave Old Army Team '' . Anna , their last wife is buried with him . They died in 1967 .
See also
United States military bands
References
1870 births
1956 deaths
United States military musicians
Musicians from East Orange , New Jersey
Musicians from New York City
United States Army officers
Military personnel from New Jersey
Dillon Jeffrey Stevens , ( born April 23 , 1997 ) is an actor , dancer , and singer born in Concord , North Carolina . Stevens currently resides in Concord .
Career
Dillon began their dance training with Center Stage Dance Company in China Grove , North Carolina at the age of five . They have been dancing there for almost 10 years .
Stevens has performed as a tap soloist at `` Showstopper '' regionals as well as performing in the opening number for Nationals in Myrtle Beach in 2009 .
After being discovered by a New York `` Older Billy '' at Encore DCS Nationals in Charleston , South Carolina in 2009 , Stevens was cast in the role of Michael in the Chicago production of Billy Elliot The Musical .
Dillon graduated from Jesse Carson High School in June 2015 .
Stage Credits
References
External links
Center Stage Dance Company
Showstopper Online
1997 births
Living people
American male child actors
People from Concord , North Carolina
American male dancers
People from China Grove , North Carolina
The siege of Amiens ( French : Siège d'Amiens ) was a siege and battle fought during the Franco-Spanish War ( 1595–1598 ) , as part of both the French Wars of Religion and the Anglo-Spanish War ( 1585–1604 ) , between 13 May and 25 September 1597 . The Spanish , who had sent a large army in March , had captured the city of Amiens easily in a ruse . Henry IV of France , after the surprise of the capture , immediately and quickly built up an army which included a large English force and besieged Amiens on 13 May .
An attempted relief force sent under the command of Ernst von Mansfeld and the Archduke of Austria repeatedly failed to dislodge the besiegers and afterwards the Spanish relief force retreated . Amiens ultimately fell back into Henry 's hands with the surrender of the entire Spanish force . As result of the victory , Henry was in a strong position to enact the Edict of Nantes and to negotiate the peace of Vervins which was signed with Spain the following spring . The siege was the last major military event in the Franco-Spanish War as well as the French Wars of Religion .
Background
Spain under Philip II had intervened regularly in the Wars of Religion in favour of the Catholic League against the Huguenots , most notably in the siege of Paris ( 1590 ) , the siege of Rouen ( 1591 ) , and the Battle of Craon in 1592 . However , only in 1595 was war officially declared between the two countries by the new French king , Henry IV , who had converted to Catholicism and been received into Paris the year before to be crowned with popular support . From then on , the civil war began to turn against the hardliners of the Spanish-supported Catholic League , including two major royal French victories over the Spanish at Fontaine-Française and Ham in 1595 . The Spanish rebounded with a strong campaign over the next year , capturing Le Catelet , Doullens , Cambrai , Calais and Ardres .
In 1597 , Hernando Tello Porto Carrero , the Spanish governor of the town of Doullens , proposed a plan to Archduke Albert , sovereign of the Habsburg Netherlands , to take the capital of Picardy , Amiens , by surprise . The Archduke agreed and saw the acquisition of Amiens as compensation for the recent defeat at Turnhout in Brabant by Anglo-Dutch forces led by Maurice of Nassau earlier in the year . They assigned 7,000 infantry and 700 cavalry to Governor Porto Carrero . The plan was to hide 500 infantry and horsemen in small groups close to the city . The Governor sent sixteen men dressed as peasants into the city and divided them into three groups .
Spanish capture Amiens
On the morning of 11 March , these men entered the Gate of Montrescu ; the first group carried sacks of walnuts and apples , which `` accidentally '' capsized at the city gate . When French guards grabbed the nuts , the `` peasants '' produced pistols and overpowered the guards . One guard dropped the gates but it could not close because the `` peasants '' had unhitched a wagon filled with wood under it . The 500 hidden Spanish infantry and cavalry timed it perfectly to storm into the city . With barely any resistance the city was soon under Spanish control . The people of Amiens still have the nickname walnut eaters after this incident .
Henry 's reaction
Henry , who had spent the winter in Paris , was awakened that night at the Louvre and by morning had donned their armour . The situation was now serious as the road now lay open to Paris across the Somme valley . At the time a peace proposal was being made between France and Spain . Taking back Amiens would afford Henry a major bargaining position and ensure that peace was their ultimate objective . In effect the siege of Amiens would decide the war between France and Spain . However , money was short in the French war chest and much dissent was caused amongst Henry 's old Huguenot allies , many of whom refused to join and wanted concessions now that they had become a Catholic . Henry relied heavily on outside resources ; money and troops especially from the English . Queen Elizabeth I after much dithering reluctantly agreed to the release of their troops after considering bargaining for Boulogne or an indemnity in money , the latter of which was agreed .
Siege
On 13 May Henry quickly brought an army of 4,000 French and Swiss infantry and 700 French cavalry under Charles de Gontaut , duc de Biron , to Amiens . In a form of high diplomacy Henry gave the Huguenots hopes of substantial rights and they made sure to stick to that guarantee once the siege was over . This army soon began to expand from all over the kingdom but the main reinforcement was from the English—via the Triple Alliance , Elizabeth had sent 2,000 English troops to France under the command of Sir Thomas Baskerville with another 1,500 English raised in Rouen . Most were veterans from the fighting in Flanders and most of whom had fought at Turnhout earlier in the year .
This army cut off the provision lines from Doullens and began to lay siege to the city . The Spanish were surprised by the speed of the French reaction , many civilians were chased from the city and Amiens prepared for a long siege . The French camp grew in size while still well provisioned ; two hospitals were established and the army were financed at the expense of the Duke of Sully . The French dug parallel and quasi-parallel trenches , one of the first in siege warfare , preceding Vauban 's designs . The Spanish launched many attempts against the siege works but these were mainly unsuccessful .
On 22 May 1597 , Porto Carrero made a furious sally with 500 cavalry on the headquarters of General Biron , seizing a fort which the French had built to defend the headquarters . After two hours of fighting , the Spaniards were driven out and were soon pursued by the French troops who almost made entry into the city . The Spaniards were saved by the arrival of 400 infantry who repulsed the French , which allowed them to close the gates .
In mid-June Elizabeth sent more reinforcements from England with another 700 troops under Sir Arthur Savage having landed at St Valery . Savage would then replace the ill and dying Baskerville as commander of English forces in France . With this addition the English force totalled nearly 4,200 men .
On 4 September , a French raiding party took a bastion on the south side of the city and in the assault Porto Carrero was killed just before the French withdrew . They were succeeded by Girolamo Caraffa , Marquis of Montenegro . Four days later François d'Espinay de Saint-Luc grand master of artillery was killed by an arquebus and Henry mourned them greatly ; this being a great blow to morale .
The situation inside Amiens , however , was grim as the siege took its toll—many troops suffered from disease and the lack of food . Caraffa in desperation sent out messengers to the Archduke Albert two of which managed to get through .
Attempted relief
On 10 September Caraffa was informed that two Spanish relief armies were under way : one under Archduke Albert and the other under Peter Ernst I von Mansfeld-Vorderort consisting of over 25,000 men which included veteran Tercios . Charles , Duke of Mayenne , was able to convince Henry IV and Biron not to confront the huge relief army , but to remain in the entrenchments knowing they were outnumbered nearly two-to-one if in open battle . This strategy would be successful , and Mansfeld 's force appeared six miles below Amiens on 18 September upon the banks of the Somme .
Von Mansfeld was the first to arrive , on 20 September , and they launched an immediate attack on the entrenched French camps and then the English camp but all were repelled , inflicting huge losses . In the latter attack Arthur Chichester , 1st Baron Chichester , was wounded in the shoulder but was knighted by the French king for their valour .
The Archduke Albert had arrived the following day bringing in all troops they could muster , hoping to break the encirclement . On hearing of Mansfeld 's difficulty they immediately ordered a discharge of their whole artillery in order to make it known to the besieged that succour was at hand . After passing the abbey of Bettancourt Albert attempted to throw a bridge over the river Somme below the village of Longpre but due to poor weather and rising waters they resolved to find another way . Eventually the southern bank was reached but soon after the Spanish were driven back after having been battered by French artillery fire and were forced to withdraw to the other bank .
Another attack was planned for the next day but on observing the French and English force in the strengthened trenches Albert decided not to risk further heavy losses . Although the relief army under Von Mansfeld and Albert had more numbers than the Anglo-French , their morale was low . After being consistently repelled with heavy losses and with rumours of mutiny and dissent in the ranks , the Archduke decided the situation was hopeless . They ordered the attack cancelled and decided to withdrew in good order .
The king immediately followed with the greater part of their army so that the Spaniards were constantly harassed but the Archduke avoided battle and withdrew quickly under the cover of darkness . The king then turned their attention back to the citadel of Amiens .
Surrender
Henry could now see the Spanish position was hopeless , and not long after the archduke 's retreat they summoned Caraffa to surrender . Caraffa reluctantly agreed—negotiations for the surrender of the city began soon after ; it was signed on 25 September .
Henry granted the garrison an honourable capitulation and reviewed the surrender of the Spanish forces .
Aftermath
The cost for the Spanish was high with over 5,000 being captured at Amiens which included many wounded and sick . The relief force had suffered nearly 2,000 casualties—again many to disease . As the surrendered troops marched past they pulled with them hundreds of carts loaded with dead and wounded while the Spanish officers saluted Henry . Amiens was then strongly garrisoned and given much stronger defences under the supervision of French mathematician and military engineer Jean Errard .
With the help of the two field hospitals , Henry 's forces had suffered moderate losses which came to just over 600 , as a result the siege of Amiens became known as the velvet siege . This was one of the first sieges or battles known where field hospitals were established .
The siege had strategic consequences—Albert 's concentration on Amiens meant that the Spanish forces guarding the border with the Dutch Republic were left on their own , enabling Maurice of Orange to capture several cities in their celebrated campaign of 1597 .
With the Picardy capital cleared of Spanish , Henry was now in a good position to negotiate but in order to be in a stronger position they had to subdue the rest of France . The following year Henry thus launched a major campaign in Brittany , the last of the League holdouts ; however , this was as much diplomatic as it was military . The aim was to win over the Protestants as well as the remaining rebel Catholics including the Duke of Mercœur . The King set off with an army 14,000 strong and the campaign that followed was a great success and they kept their promise of substantial rights that they had made during the Amiens siege . The rest of the war was almost a formality . While peace negotiations were being held with Philip , towns threw out the last League stalwarts and any supporting Spanish garrisons , who offered minimal resistance . Finally Mercœur gave in ; their submission to Henry at Angers was completed on 20 March 1598 . Henry then triumphantly marched into Nantes and issued the Edict of Nantes on 13 April 1598 which effectively brought an end to the French Wars of Religion .
Peace of Vervins
The victory at Amiens was celebrated as a huge victory ; it marked a decisive turn in the road to Franco-Spanish peace as Spain , overextended and in severe financial difficulty , realized that it needed to abandon its war effort against France . In conjunction with Spanish financial distress , its insolvency caused by the capture of Cadiz , two costly failed armadas ( in 1596 and 1597 ) against England , coupled with the increasingly unsuccessful war against the Dutch , meant that Spain had too much to deal with . Mutinies in the garrisons of Doullens , Cambrai , Ardres and Le Catalet added to Spain 's problems . With this advantage Henry made sure the Peace of Vervins was signed which would end the war between Spain and France . The treaty was highly beneficial to France—an ill and dying Philip recognized the formerly Protestant Henry as King of France . In addition Spanish-ruled towns were handed over to the French king under terms of the peace . Vervins was the final defeat of Philip II , and a sign of the long downfall of Habsburg Spain and the gradual rise in European hegemony of France during the ensuing Grand Siècle .
Notable participants
Thomas Dudley , an English colonial magistrate who became governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony and founder of Cambridge , Massachusetts .
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Amiens
Amiens
Amiens
Amiens
Amiens
Conflicts in 1597
1597 in France
Amiens
History of Somme ( department )
Eleanor Moty ( born 1945 ) , is an American metalsmith and jewelry artist . Them experimentation with industrial processes , such as photoetching and electroforming , was revolutionary in the field of American art jewelry in the 1960s and 1970s .
Career
Childhood
Eleanor Moty was born in Glen Ellyn , Illinois . Moty was raised on a rural farm with little exposure to art as a child . In high school , Moty made and sold stained glass . Them first introduction to jewelry was a trip with their high school art teacher to Northern Illinois University . Following this visit , they attended a little sister weekend with their older sister Joyce at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . This trip solidified their decision to study jewelry there with Robert von Neumann .
Early career
Moty attended the University of Illinois , Urbana and earned their BFA in 1968 . While there they explored electroplating , electroforming , and the photographic image in their work . They studied under Robert van Neumann and visiting artist J. Fred Woell . They learned photo fabrication techniques in engineering laboratories with technician Jim Cummings .
Moty received their MFA in 1971 from the Tyler School of Art where they studied with Stanley Lechtzin , a leader in the metals and jewelry field for their research and advancements in electroforming . Metal artist and sculptor , Albert Paley , was a year ahead of Moty at Tyler , where they also taught as an assistant . They offered Moty technical advice and influenced their pin stem and metals designs . During graduate school , Moty became aware of the jewelry work of Miye Matsukata . They respected Matsukata 's incorporation of non-precious stones such as rutilated quartz with precious stones and found objects . Creating settings for stones such as rutilated and tourmalinated quartz remained a material of interest for Moty over the next thirty years .
Mid-career
Moty was an early pioneer of the processes of photo etching and electroplating as applied to jewelry and led lectures and workshops on the subject . They also contributed to an authoritative article on photo etching processes for jewelry and three dimensional work in Craft Horizons in 1971 . In 1972 they began teaching at the University of Wisconsin in Madison , where they were a colleague of Fred Fenster . Their works were featured together in the exhibition and accompanying catalogue Metalsmiths and Mentors : Fred Fenster and Eleanor Moty ( 2006 ) at the University of Wisconsin-Madison .
During the late 1970s Moty explored the use of gemstones in their work and was influenced by the jewelry of Margaret De Patta after visiting their 1976 retrospective at the Oakland Museum .
In the 1980s their interest in faceted planes and geometric designs instigated a working relationship with chemist , Raoul Reiser . In 1980 Moty was the first woman and first humanities professor to receive the H.I . Romnes Faculty Fellowship for excellence in teaching at the University of Wisconsin , Madison . They received two National Endowment for the Arts craftsmen 's fellowships in 1988 and 1975 .
Late career
In the late 1990s Moty 's visit to Steven Holl 's Chapel of St. Ignatius in Seattle , Washington focused their new work to include an architectural focus and more complex-cut stones that offer varying viewpoints . In 1998 Moty was elected to the American Craft Council College of Fellows by their peers . From 1982 to 1991 they were a trustee of the Haystack Mountain School of Crafts in Deer Isle , Maine . They were an honorary board member of the James Renwick Alliance from 1996 to 1999 .
Sources
Cardinale , Robert . `` A Decade of Metalsmithing in the United States : 1970-1980 , '' `` Metalsmith '' Vol . 1 , No . 3 , 1980 .
Clowes , Jody , Fred Fenster , and Eleanor Moty . `` Metalsmiths and Mentors : Fred Fenster and Eleanor Moty at the University of Wisconsin-Madison '' . Madison , WI : Chazen Museum of Art , University of Wisconsin-Madison , 2006 .
Foley , Suzanne . `` Eleanor Moty . '' `` American Craft '' , Vol . 47 , No . 3 , 1987 .
Greenbaum , Toni . `` Constructivism and American Studio Jewelry , 1940 to the present , '' `` Studies in the Decorative Arts ( U.S.A ) '' Vol . 6 , No . 1 , 1999 .
Moty , Eleanor . `` Workshop : Photofabrication , '' `` Craft Horizons '' Vol . 31 , No . 3 , ( June 1971 ) .
Moran , Lois , ed . `` American Craft Council Awards . '' `` American Craft '' , Vol . 58 , No . 5 , 1998 .
Simon , Marjorie . `` Eleanor Moty : Romancing The Stone , '' `` Metalsmith '' Vol . 32 , No . 1 , 2012 .
Strauss , Cindi , and Helen W. Drutt . Ornament As Art : Avant-garde Jewelry from the Helen Williams Drutt Collection , the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston . Stuttgart , Germany : Arnoldsche Art Publishers in association with the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston , 2007 .
References
American jewellers
American metalsmiths
1945 births
Living people
20th-century American women artists
Women metalsmiths
21st-century American women
Women jewellers
Kınık ( Aşağı ) , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
Florian Steger ( born July 1 , 1974 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen ) is a German medical historian and medical ethicist .
Life and impact
Steger studied human medicine , classical philology and history at the University of Würzburg and Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich . Steger was a scholarship holder and is now a trust lecturer of the German National Academic Foundation . In 2002 , they received their doctorate from the Ruhr University of Bochum with a thesis on ancient medicine . In 2003 , they received the Bavarian Habilitation Award . In 2008 , they habilitated in the history and ethics of medicine at the Medical Faculty of the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg and worked as a private lecturer in the history and ethics of medicine . From 2009 to 2014 , they were a member of the Junge Akademie .
From 2011 to June 2016 , Steger was W3 professor and director of the Institute for History and Ethics of Medicine at the University of Wittenberg . Since July 2016 , they have been a university professor and director of the Institute of the History , Philosophy and Ethics of Medicine at the University of Ulm . Steger chairs the Ethics Committee of the University of Ulm and the Commission `` Responsibility in Science '' . They are a member of the Senate .
Main areas of work
Their work focuses on questions of history , theory and ethics of medicine : research ethics , clinical ethics , good scientific practice ; politicized medicine ; cultural history of medicine since antiquity .
Honors
2014 : Leibniz Professorship at the University of Leipzig .
2018 : Medal `` Universitatis Lodziensis Amico '' by the University of Łódź ( Poland ) .
2018 : honorary professor of the Semmelweis University , Budapest ( Hungary )
2019 : Corresponding member of the Saxon Academy of Sciences and Humanities
2019 : Alexander von Humboldt Polish Honorary Research Scholarship ( Foundation for Polish Science )
2020 : corresponding member of the Göttingen Academy of Sciences and Humanities
2021 : Honorary Professor of the Saint Petersburg State Pediatric Medical University ( Russia )
2021 : full member of the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences and Humanities
2022 : corresponding member abroad of the Austrian Academy of Sciences .
International visiting professorships : Riga ( Latvia ) , Rijeka ( Croatia ) , Łódź ( Poland ) , and Moscow ( Russia ) .
Publications
Steger is the author and co-author of several books and articles on history , philosophy and ethics of medicine , including :
( Ed . ) Max Mohr ( 1891-1937 ) : Korrespondenzen . Heidelberg : Universitätsverlag Winter , 2013 ( Jahrbuch Literatur und Medizin . Beihefte . Band 1 ) . .
with Maximilian Schochow : Disziplinierung durch Medizin – Die geschlossene Venerologische Station in der Poliklinik Mitte in Halle ( Saale ) 1961 bis 1982 [ Disciplining through medicine - Closed vereology ward in the Policlinic Mitte in Halle ( Saale ) 1961 to 1982 ] . Halle 2014 , .
with Maximilian Schochow : Traumatisierung durch politisierte Medizin Geschlossene Venerologische Stationen in der DDR [ Traumatization through politicized medicine . Closed venerological wards in the GDR ] . Berlin 2015 , .
with Carolin Wiethoff and Maximilian Schochow : Vertuschter Skandal – Die kontaminierte Anti-D-Prophylaxe in der DDR 1978/1979 und ihre Folgen [ Covered-up scandal . The contaminated anti-D prophylaxis in the GDR and its aftermath ] . Halle 2016 , .
Asclepius : Cult and Medicine . Stuttgart 2018 , .
with Maximilian Schochow : Wo ist mein Kind ? Familien auf der Suche nach der Wahrheit . Ein Beitrag zur Aufarbeitung . Halle 2020 , .
Max Mohr . Arzt und rastloser Literat . Regensburg 2020 , .
Antike Medizin . Einführung und Quellensammlung . Stuttgart 2021 , .
( Ed . ) Die Medizin von heute ist der Irrtum von morgen . Scharfzüngige Gedanken zur Medizin [ Today 's medicine is the tomorrow 's error . Sharp-tongued concepts on medicine ] . Wiesbaden 2017 , .
( Ed . ) Am Skalpell war noch Tinte . Literarische Medizin [ At the scalpel was still inked ] . Wiesbaden : marix Verlag 2018 .
with Carolin Wiethoff : Betriebsgesundheitswesen und Arbeitsmedizin im Bezirk Magdeburg [ Occupational health care and occupational medicine in the district of Magdeburg ] . Halle 2018 , .
with Marcin Orzechowski und Maximilian Schochow ( Eds . ) : Pränatalmedizin . Ethische , juristische und gesellschaftliche Aspekte [ Prenatal medicine . Ethic , legal and social aspects ] ( Angewandte Ethik – Medizin , 2 ) . Freiburg 2018 , .
with Manuela Dudeck ( Eds . ) : Ethik in der Forensischen Psychiatrie und Psychotherapie [ Ethics in forensic psychiatry and psychotherapy ] . Berlin 2018 , .
( Ed . ) Jahrbuch Literatur und Medizin [ Yearbook of Literature and Medicine ] . Volume 11 . Heidelberg 2019 , .
( Ed . ) Diversität im Gesundheitswesen [ Diversity in healthcare ] ( Angewandte Ethik - Medizin , 3 ) . Freiburg 2019 , .
with Jürgen Brunner ( Eds . ) : Ethik in der psychotherapeutischen Praxis . Integrativ-fallorientiert-werteplural [ Ethics in psychotherapeutic practice . Integrative-case oriented-value-plural ] . Stuttgart 2019 , .
with Marcin Orzechowski , Giovanni Rubeis , Maximilian Schochow ( Eds . ) : Migration and Medicine ( Angewandte Ethik - Medizin , 4 ) . Freiburg 2020 , .
References
External links
Webpage of the Institute for History , Philosophy and Ethics of Medicine at the University of Ulm
German medical historians
1974 births
Living people
People from Garmisch-Partenkirchen
University of Würzburg alumni
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
Ruhr University Bochum alumni
`` Stuff Like That '' is a hit song with music and lyrics written by Quincy Jones , Ashford & Simpson , Steve Gadd , Eric Gale , Ralph MacDonald and Richard Tee . The song was originally an instrumental rhythm track . Jones worked on the track with Ashford & Simpson , Chaka Khan and studio musicians Gadd , Gale , MacDonald and Tee to turn it into a single . Ashford & Simpson and Khan featured as vocalists while George Young was playing alto saxophone . The song was included on Jones ' 1978 album Sounds ... And Stuff Like That ! . The single spent one week at number one on the R & B singles chart , for the week ending 1 July 1978 , and peaked at number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart .
For their 1995 album Q 's Jook Joint Jones modernized the song . This time vocals were provided by Ashford & Simpson , Khan , Brandy , Charlie Wilson and Ray Charles while Greg Phillinganes was playing keyboards . In 2002 the song was featured in a Peter Lindbergh-directed Gap TV commercial starring Will Kemp , this time credited to QJ 's Jook Joint and Brothers Johnson .
Charts
References
External links
1978 songs
1978 singles
Brandy Norwood songs
Soul songs
Songs written by Nickolas Ashford
Songs written by Valerie Simpson
Songs written by Ralph MacDonald
Songs written by Quincy Jones
Quincy Jones songs
Chaka Khan songs
A & M Records singles
Pedois lewinella is a species of moth of the family Depressariidae . It is found in Australia , where it has been recorded from southern Queensland , New South Wales , the Australian Capital Territory , Victoria , Tasmania , South Australia and Western Australia .
The wingspan is about 20 mm . The forewings are pale grey covered with dark flecks . The hindwings are plain grey .
References
Pedois
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1856
Blue zebra cichlid is a common name for several fish and may refer to :
Maylandia callainos
Maylandia greshakei
Metriaclima callainos
Callosamia promethea , commonly known as the promethea silkmoth , is a member of the family Saturniidae , which contains approximately 1,300 species . It is also known as the spicebush silkmoth , which refers to is one of the promethea silkmoth 's common host plants , spicebush ( Lindera benzoin ) . C. promethea is classified as a silk moth , which stems from its ability to produce silk , which it does in the formation of its cocoon . C. promethea lives in forests in the eastern U.S. and does not damage the trees on which it lives . The species was first described by Dru Drury in 1773 .
Callosamia promethea hatches from eggs and feeds on its host plants before pupating while hanging from trees during the winter . It then emerges and mates during a specific time of day . The females utilize pheromones to attract males for mating , with both sexes mating multiple times . They are the only moth in their family where the sexes are not active at the same time of day , with males being diurnal and females being nocturnal . They only overlap in activity for a few hours in the early evening . The males use mimicry of the poisonous pipevine swallowtail butterfly as a form of protection from predators .
Distribution and habitat
The range of C. promethea extends the length of the east coast of the United States and west to the Great Plains . C. promethea is found in deciduous forests .
Food resources
Caterpillar
Callosamia promethea utilizes multiple plant families as their hosts , including Rosaceae , Oleaceae and Lauraceae . There is no negative effect to C. promethea larvae being raised on a host plant different from the one that their parents were raised on , for the specific host plants tested in the study . The nutritional content of the individual host plant matters more to the health of the larvae than feeding on a population 's typical host plant . Some examples of common host plants are the tulip tree ( Liriodendron tulipifera ) , sassafras ( Sassafrass albidum ) and spicebush ( Lindera benzoin ) .
Adult
Callosamia promethea does not consume any food in its adult stage .
Life cycle
Egg
Female promethea silkmoths lay their eggs on the leaves of the host plants of the caterpillars . The eggs are laid at night . A female 's eggs are laid in groups of 4 to 10 at a time . Eggs are white , flat and elliptical .
Caterpillar
Once the caterpillars hatch , they are fairly solitary . They eat leaves from the edge inwards . The caterpillars eat from several host plants . Caterpillars begin as yellow with black stripes , but become blue green over time . Once they are blue green , they develop four red and one yellow protuberances . These caterpillars go through several instars or skin shedding , and usually after the fifth shedding the caterpillar is ready to form a cocoon . When the caterpillars form cocoons , they are twice as long as they are wide .
Pupa
Some caterpillars in the family Saturniidae will pupate in the ground . However , promethea silkmoth caterpillars pupate in trees . The caterpillars attach themselves directly to the branches of trees with their silk . Then , they curl a dead leaf around themselves . C. promethea pupates during the winter .
Adult
The wingspan of this moth is . Like most Lepidoptera , females are on average larger than males . Males are darkly pigmented , while females are more brightly colored . The males and females both have tan on the edges of their wings . The males have a set of eyespots on their forewings , but the females have spots on all their wings . In the northern part of the promethea silkmoth 's range , there is one brood per year and it occurs during the early summer . In the southern part of the moth 's range , there are two broods , with one occurring in the spring and the other occurring in late summer .
Predators
The location of the C. promethea cocoon typically provides the pupae with sufficient protection from possible predators . The cocoons hang from thin branches and are difficult to open , so mice may have difficulty predating because the branches are too thin to hold their weight and woodpeckers could have trouble opening the pupa . Other predators of the cocoons include some flies and wasps .
Protective coloration and behavior
Mimicry
Callosamia promethea utilizes Batesian mimicry , in which an edible species mimics a toxic species as a form of protection from predators . Promethea silkmoth females are rust and cream colored , but the males have very different coloration . Promethea silkmoth males mimic the pipe vine swallowtail ( Battus philenor ) , a poisonous butterfly . The topside of the wings of promethea silkmoth males is black , as are the wings of the pipe vine swallowtails , which also have a shiny blue pattern on the top surface of their wings . The promethea silkmoth males do not have this reflective blue pattern , but their mimicry is still effective due to the fact that the blue reflective pattern is only visible on pipe vine swallowtails in a certain light , so the blue is not essential for C. promethea mimicry to be effective .
The effectiveness of this mimicry was tested experimentally . Promethea silkmoth males were painted with various patterns , then released , and the amount of each group that was recaptured showed that mimicry helped the moths survive . The control group was painted black , to match their actual coloration . One experimental group was painted black and yellow to mimic the tiger swallowtail ( Papilio glaucus ) , which is not a poisonous butterfly and does not mimic the poisonous pipe vine swallowtail . The other experimental group was painted with orange stripes to mimic the poisonous monarch butterfly . The two groups that were painted to be mimetic to a poisonous butterfly both were recaptured more than the group painted to match an edible butterfly . This shows that mimicry , specifically the partial mimic of promethea silkmoth males to pipe vine swallowtails , is adequate protection against predation .
Mating
Female/male interactions
Pheromones
Female promethea silkmoths release pheromones to attract males . The females remain in place , camouflaged , as they wait for the males to sense their pheromones and come to them . Females release their pheromones at a specific time of day called the `` calling time '' . For C. promethea this time is late afternoon and into the early evening . When males sense the pheromones of a female they travel up the gradient of the pheromones and towards the female . Males are able to locate females from miles away . One C. promethea male has been found to be able to detect and find a female from 23 miles away . A distance this long is likely to be covered in multiple days .
Mate choice
In terms of locating mates , males can not find females unless they release pheromones , so the females control how frequently they mate . When females do send out their pheromones , the first male to reach a female will mate with them
Number of mates
Callosamia promethea are polyandrous , meaning the females mate with multiple males . However , not all females practice this behavior , some only mating with a single male . They are the only moth in the family Saturniidae known to be polyandrous . This is likely because C. promethea is the only moth that is both diurnal ( males ) and nocturnal ( females ) . This allows for egg laying and mating to occur at different times of day , so there is no trade off between the two activities . Male butterflies are polygamous , as well . Polyandrous females are more fecund , due to laying more eggs . A female 's eggs are mostly mature when they are laid .
Conservation
Callosamia promethea is not endangered and there are no specific management practices in place to maintain or control the species .
Pest status
While these moths do live on many species of trees as a caterpillar they are not reported causing any noticeable damage to their host trees .
Gallery
References
Further reading
David L. Wagner 2005 . Caterpillars of Eastern North America . Princeton University Press , Princeton , New Jersey .
Charles V. Covell Jr. 2005 . Moths of Eastern North America . Virginia Museum of Natural History , Martinsville , Virginia .
Eugene S. Morton . 2009 . The function of multiple mating by female promethea moths ( Callosamia promethea ) ( Drury ) ( Lepidoptera : Saturniidae ) . American Midland Naturalist 162:7-18 .
External links
Saturniinae
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1773
Taxa named by Dru Drury
Bassim al-Ansar ( born 1970 ) is an Iraqi poet . Born in Baghdad , they studied business at Al-Mustansiriya University . They started publishing poetry in the early 1990s . Although living in Denmark since the late 1990s , Bassim continues to write and publish poetry in Arabic . Their first book of poetry titled The Hymns of the Son of Adam came out in 2007 . They were named as one of the Beirut39 group of young Arab writers in 2010 .
References
21st-century Iraqi poets
1970 births
Living people
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Writers from Baghdad
Al-Mustansiriya University alumni
Echium rauwolfii is a species of flowering plant in the family Boraginaceae , whose native range is North Africa to the Arabian Peninsula .
Description
Echium rauwolfii is an annual . It is not a succulent . The leaves are alternate , and have smooth margins . It is found in steppes and deserts .
Delile 's protologue ( in French ) describes it thus :
`` The bark of the root is pink and thin ; the stem is straight and branching , 6 decimeters high ( 2 feet ) : the radical leaves are ovate-lanceolate , 8 to 16 cm long ( 3 to 6 inches ) , narrowed in petiole ; the lower branches emerge from the axils of oval-inverted leaves , i a little like a spoon ; the upper leaves are linear-oblong , not narrowed in petiole : the stem and twigs are divided into long slender spikes , which successively bear more than thirty to forty flowers .
The calyx has five lanceolate divisions , of which the upper three are widest and biggest . The corolla is campanulate , white or pale pink , very slightly hairy , about , slightly swollen , with five lobes , of which three smaller and two longer make its blade oblique , uneven .
The stamen filaments are thickened at their base , long like the corolla , brought together with style towards the side of the tube where the blade is more elongated . The style is threadlike , hairy in its lower half , thinned and bifid at the top .
The fruit has four ovoid seeds , triquetrous ( triangular in cross-section and sharply angled ) , white or grey , smooth and shiny .
The whole plant is bristling with white , prickly hairs , which have a thickened base . The tubercles at the base of the hairs develop mainly on the leaves which accompany the fruiting branches , and on the calyces which enlarge with the fruit .
This Echium is very abundant on the dry sandy islands of the Nile , during the months of April and May . ''
Etymology
The specific epithet , rauwolfii ( originally rawolfii ) honours Leonhard Rauwolf whom Delile credits with giving a very much earlier description contained in Johann Friedrich Gronovius 's , Flora orientalis sive Recensio Plantarum quas Botanicorum Coryphaeus Leonhardus Rauwolffus… observavit , et collegit . ( 1755 )
References
External links
Echium rauwolfii : Flora of Israel online ( images and description )
rauwolfii
Flora of Africa
Flora of North Africa
Flora of Israel
Flora of Palestine ( region )
Plants described in 1813
The 2017 UEFA Super Cup was the 42nd edition of the UEFA Super Cup , an annual football match organised by UEFA and contested by the reigning champions of the two main European club competitions , the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League . The match featured Spanish side Real Madrid , the titleholders and winners of the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League , and English side Manchester United , the winners of the 2016–17 UEFA Europa League . The match was played at the Philip II Arena in Skopje , Macedonia , on 8 August 2017 , and was the first UEFA final staged in the country .
Real Madrid won the match 2–1 for their second consecutive and fourth overall UEFA Super Cup title .
Teams
While the two teams had never met in the Super Cup , they had met 10 times in the European Champion Clubs ' Cup/UEFA Champions League ; Real Madrid had the advantage in the teams ' previous meetings , with four wins , four draws and two losses .
Venue
The Philip II Arena was announced as the final venue on 30 June 2015 , following the decision of the UEFA Executive Committee meeting in Prague , Czech Republic .
Pre-match
Ticketing
With a stadium capacity of 30,500 for the match , a total number of 23,000 tickets were available to fans and the general public , being available for sale to fans worldwide via UEFA.com from 13 June to 4 July 2017 in three price categories : €50 , €30 , and €15 . The remaining tickets were allocated to the local organising committee , UEFA and national associations , commercial partners and broadcasters .
Match
Officials
Italian referee Gianluca Rocchi was announced as the referee by UEFA on 20 July 2017 .
Summary
In the 16th minute , Casemiro headed against the bar after a corner from the left-hand side by Toni Kroos , before opening the scoring eight minutes later with a left-footed strike after a pass into the box from Dani Carvajal . Isco made it 2–0 in the 52nd minute when they side-footed the ball into the bottom corner of the net from six yards after a pass from Gareth Bale . In the 61st minute , Bale hit the bar with a shot from the right of the penalty area . Romelu Lukaku pulled a goal back for Manchester United a minute later when they followed up on an initial shot from Nemanja Matić , which was parried back into their path by Keylor Navas .
Details
The Champions League winners were designated as the `` home '' team for administrative purposes .
Statistics
See also
2017 UEFA Champions League Final
2017 UEFA Europa League Final
Manchester United F.C . in international football competitions
Real Madrid CF in international football competitions
References
External links
UEFA Super Cup ( official website )
2017 UEFA Super Cup , UEFA.com
2017
Super Cup
Super Cup
Super Cup 2017
Super Cup 2017
Real Madrid CF matches
Manchester United F.C . matches
Super Cup
Super Cup
August 2017 sports events in Europe
2010s in Skopje
Karmakshy ( , , ) is a district of Kyzylorda Region in southern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the urban-type settlement of Zhosaly . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kyzylorda Region
The 2011 Interlake Pharmacy Classic is being held from November 18 to 21 at the Stonewall Curling Club in Stonewall , Manitoba as part of the 2011–12 World Curling Tour . The purses for the men 's and women 's were CAD $ 21,000 and CAD $ 11,250 , respectively .
Men
Teams
A Event
B Event
C Event
Playoffs
Women
Teams
A Event
B Event
Consolation
Playoffs
References
External links
Interlake Pharmacy Classic
Interlake Pharmacy Classic
Curling in Manitoba
Angela Rayner ( Bowen ; born 28 March 1980 ) is a British politician serving as Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster , Shadow Minister for the Cabinet Office and Shadow Secretary of State for the Future of Work since 2021 . They have been Shadow First Secretary of State , Deputy Leader of the Opposition and Deputy Leader of the Labour Party since 2020 . Rayner has been Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Ashton-under-Lyne since 2015 . They ideologically identify as a socialist and as being part of Labour 's soft left .
Rayner was born and raised in Stockport , where they attended the state secondary Avondale School . They left school aged 16 whilst pregnant and without any qualifications . They later trained in social care at Stockport College and worked for the local council as a care worker . They eventually became a trade union representative within Unison , during which time they joined the Labour Party . Selected to contest AshtonunderLyne in 2014 and elected for the seat at the 2015 general election , they were appointed as Shadow Minister for Pensions by Jeremy Corbyn in January 2016 .
Rayner was promoted in July 2016 to the Shadow Cabinet as Shadow Secretary of State for Education and Shadow Minister for Women and Equalities . As Shadow Education Secretary , they proposed the creation of a National Education Service modelled on the National Health Service ( NHS ) . They endorsed Rebecca Long-Bailey in the 2020 Labour Party leadership election , who came second to Keir Starmer , and instead successfully stood for the deputy leadership , after which they were appointed as party chair and national campaign coordinator . They were removed from these roles in a reshuffle following Labour 's poor performance at the 2021 local elections , subsequently being appointed as Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and Shadow Secretary of State for the Future of Work .
Early life and career
Rayner was born on 28 March 1980 in Stockport , Greater Manchester . They attended Avondale School in Stockport . They later studied part-time at Stockport College , learning British Sign Language , and gaining an NVQ Level 2 in social care .
After leaving college , Rayner worked for Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council as a care worker for a number of years . During this time , they were also elected as a trade union representative for Unison . They were later elected as convenor of Unison North West , becoming the union 's most senior official in the region . The Guardian featured a lengthy profile of Rayner in 2012 , as part of an article on a trade union officer 's working life .
Member of Parliament
In September 2014 , Rayner was selected as the Labour Party 's candidate for Ashton-under-Lyne , on the retirement of David Heyes . They won the seat at the 2015 general election , increasing the Labour majority and its share of the vote . They delivered their maiden speech on 3 June 2015 .
Rayner nominated Andy Burnham in the 2015 Labour leadership election , but was one of just 18 MPs to back the incumbent Jeremy Corbyn against Owen Smith in the 2016 leadership election .
On 1 July 2016 , after a series of resignations from the shadow cabinet , Corbyn appointed Rayner as Shadow Secretary of State for Education . They supported the notion of a 'National Education Service ' to be modelled along similar lines to the National Health Service ( NHS ) , also promoting an increase in funding for early years education . They were considered by some as a possible future Labour leader .
In the 2019 general election , Rayner was returned as MP for the third time in five years . They did not stand for the Labour leadership in the 2020 leadership election , supporting their flatmate Rebecca Long-Bailey , who came second to Sir Keir Starmer . They stood successfully for Deputy Leader , elected on 4 April 2020 , replacing Tom Watson . They were appointed Deputy Leader of the Opposition , Shadow First Secretary of State and Chair of the Labour Party in the following days . In October 2020 Rayner called Conservative MP Chris Clarkson `` scum '' as they were giving a speech in Parliament . They later apologised . Clarkson had been critical of Andy Burnham , who had been seeking financial support for Greater Manchester following local restrictions on businesses being introduced . Clarkson 's constituency falls within the boundaries of Greater Manchester , as does Rayner 's .
Rayner was appointed to Them Majesty 's Most Honourable Privy Council on 12 February 2021 .
Rayner was removed from their roles as the Labour Party 's chair and national campaign coordinator in a reshuffle by Starmer on 8 May 2021 , following the 2021 local elections . Rayner was subsequently appointed as Shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and Shadow Secretary of State for the Future of Work .
In September 2021 , Rayner strongly criticised senior members of the Conservative Party , stating : `` We can not get any worse than a bunch of scum , homophobic , racist , misogynistic , absolute pile ... of banana republic ... Etonian ... piece of scum '' . Some Labour MPs , while saying it was not the language that they would have used , defended their comments , including Steve Reed , John McDonnell and Lisa Nandy . Starmer distanced themselves from their remarks , but said it was up to Rayner if they wanted to apologise or not , while other Labour MPs , including shadow cabinet ministers , condemned them in stronger terms .
The former Labour cabinet minister Lord Adonis said that if Rayner did not apologise for their comments , Starmer should say that they no longer has confidence in them as the deputy leader of the party . Adonis told Times Radio that their remarks were a way to start an election campaign for the leadership of the Labour Party . Several Conservative MPs , including Grant Shapps , Amanda Milling and Oliver Dowden , condemned their comments . Rayner later apologised for their comments in light of the murder of David Amess , a Conservative MP , the following month .
In October 2021 , Rayner reported receiving a number of death threats and abusive messages . The police arrested a 52-year-old man in Halifax . They cancelled a number of meetings with their constituents due to fears for their own safety . Later , a 36-year-old man from Cambridgeshire was sentenced after sending them a threatening email . The man pleaded guilty in court to sending the email and was sentenced to 15 weeks in prison , suspended for 18 months . Earlier in March 2019 , Rayner said that they had fitted panic buttons at their home after rape and death threats were sent to them
On 24 April 2022 Rayner was the subject of a report in The Mail on Sunday , by Glen Owen , in which it was alleged that they had tried to distract Boris Johnson in the Commons by crossing and uncrossing their legs in a similar manner to Sharon Stone in a scene from the 1992 film Basic Instinct . The report was subsequently condemned by a range of voices across the political spectrum including the Prime Minister and the Speaker of the House . The Independent Press Standards Organisation ( IPSO ) reported that it had received 5,500 complaints about the article and was exploring possible breaches of its code of practice . Lia Nici , the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Levelling Up , Housing and Communities , later repeated the claims in a BBC interview .
In May 2022 , Rayner said they would resign if they received a fixed penalty notice for breaching COVID-19 regulations while campaigning during the run-up to the Hartlepool by-election and local elections the previous year . The controversy surrounding the event was dubbed `` Beergate '' . They were both cleared by Durham Police in July 2022 who said there was `` no case to answer '' .
Political views
Rayner identifies as a socialist . In a 2017 interview to The Guardian discussing their political beliefs , Rayner highlighted their pragmatism , describing themselves as being part of the `` soft left '' of the Labour Party . They have strongly criticised former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn , as they `` did not command the respect of the party '' , and critiqued their lack of `` discipline '' when it came to dealing with allegations of antisemitism .
Rayner has described themselves as `` quite hardline '' on law and order issues , having suffered from antisocial behaviour when they were young . In an interview , they said police should `` shoot your terrorists and ask questions second '' and that they had told their local police force to `` beat down the door of the criminals and sort them out and antagonise them . ''
Rayner has made a political point of their working-class roots . They have asked Hansard transcribers not to correct their speeches , preferring purportedly `` incorrect '' grammar `` because it 's who I am '' .
A member of the Labour Friends of Palestine and the Middle East , Rayner has condemned the killings of Palestinians during the Great March of Return and has repeatedly cited Israeli violations of human rights against Palestinians on social media .
Personal life
In 2010 , Rayner married Mark Rayner , a Unison official . They have three sons . Them second son Charlie was born prematurely at 23 weeks and Rayner says that the care that their son received demonstrated the importance of the NHS to them Rayner lives in their constituency of Ashton-under-Lyne with their family . They became a grandmother in November 2017 . Rayner and their husband separated in 2020 . As of July 2022 , they are in a relationship with Labour MP Sam Tarry .
In an interview in 2018 , Rayner said that their mother had been unable to read or write ; they had previously mentioned this in a tribute they made to their mother in 2016 .
Notes
References
External links
Twitter
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1980 births
Living people
21st-century British women politicians
Trade unionists from Greater Manchester
Trade unionists from Cheshire
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Ashton-under-Lyne
People from Ashton-under-Lyne
People from Stockport
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
UK MPs 2019–present
Women trade unionists
British socialists
Women deputy opposition leaders
Deputy opposition leaders
Harry Wiener ( Oct. 29 , 1924 in Vienna , Austria – Nov. 8 , 1998 in New York City , USA ) was an Austrian-American chemist , physician and psychologist , a pioneer in cheminformatics and chemical graph theory , and a long-time employee at Pfizer .
Education and career
Wiener was born in Vienna in 1924 to Jewish parents Joseph Wiener and Beile Wiener . Their family emigrated to New York City , USA in 1941 by way of France and Portugal . Wiener attended Brooklyn College and received a BS in chemistry in 1945 . Wiener attended Long Island College of Medicine and obtained an MD in 1949 . Wiener was appointed to the management team at Pfizer in 1958 and remained at the company until 1995 , when they retired .
Achievements
Wiener made important and fundamental contributions to the study of topological indices and established a correlation between the Wiener index and boiling points ( hence viscosity and surface tension ) of the paraffins . They laid the foundation of chemical graph theory , and built a bridge between group theory , graph theory , and chemistry .
The Wiener index and its generalization , the Hyper-Wiener index , have been used in predicting antibacterial activity in drugs to modeling crystalline phenomena . The Wiener index plays an important role in sociometry and the theory of social networks which was developed by Christophe Soulé et al , as well as Gromov-Hyperbolicity Parameters . The Wiener index also plays an important role in Nanotechnology .
Personal life
Wiener married Charlotte Baran , a coworker at Pfizer , in 1982 .
References
21st-century American chemists
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
1924 births
1998 deaths
Brooklyn College alumni
Pfizer people
The Distant Drummer is a short-lived series of four 22-minute American documentary films produced in the early 1970s as a societal warning against the proliferation of drugs during the counterculture of the 1960s . Directed by William Templeton and written by Don Peterson , the series was produced by Airlie Foundation and George Washington University Department of Medical and Public Affairs and lists `` in cooperation with '' credits for the American Academy of General Practice , the District of Columbia Medical Society and the National Institute of Mental Health .
Narrated by Robert Mitchum , Rod Steiger and Paul Newman
The first film , A Movable Scene , focuses on the rise of the counterculture and its association with marijuana use , while the second film , A Movable Feast puts additional spotlight on marijuana and expands the view to include injected methadrine , cigarettes , alcohol , coffee and over-the-counter medications . Both films were released in 1970 and were narrated by Robert Mitchum who , at the time of the films ' release , was top-billed in one of the year 's leading productions , Ryan 's Daughter . Mitchum , who had been arrested in September 1948 for possession of marijuana and served 43 days at a California prison farm ( the conviction was overturned in January 1951 ) , subsequently narrated the 1973 anti-marijuana-and-LSD documentary short America on the Rocks .
The third entry in the series , Bridge from No Place , narrated by Rod Steiger , was released in 1971 and centers upon the experience of drug culture . Addicts , including Vietnam War soldiers describe what it feels like to be addicted and treatment options are discussed .
The fourth and final Distant Drummer film , Flowers of Darkness concerns the dangers associated with heroin sale and addiction . A visit is paid to the California-based drug treatment program Synanon , while drug enforcement agents , along with police officers , describe the crime brought on by drugs . The short was released in 1972 , with narration voiced by Paul Newman .
Robert Mitchum 's narration
Opening lines in Robert Mitchum 's narration of the first Distant Drummer film , A Movable Scene : '' This is the straightened society . The orderly , well-managed , well-disciplined world of the establishment . It is made possible by the Protestant ethic . Work is noble — worldly achievement a sign of God 's favor . But not everyone embraces these hallmarks of success . In each city across the land there exists another culture whose very philosophy and way of life rejects the fierce competition and its material rewards… and , in so doing , refutes the order of discipline of the establishment . The hippies , perhaps more than any other social phenomenon , brought the drug issue to the surface . But most of them are children of middle-class and upper-class families .
Thousands of snapshots on police station walls remain the only link between many of America 's most affluent families and the children who embodied their great expectations . Nearly everyone in the hippie community smokes marijuana — whether they call it pot , grass , hemp , gage , joint or mary jane — the marijuana is the basic background for the shared drug experience . The experience is shared to such an extent that roach pipes are always in demand — a roach is a marijuana butt and it requires some form of holder for those last few drags . The new generation , whether they are runaways or rebels-in-residence , use marijuana as a symbol of discontent with the basic values of the establishment . For some , there exists a social imperative beyond flaunting society 's rules — for these adventurers the mind-expanding drugs open a window on a whole new frontier ... ''
Counterculture and anti-drug documentaries as historical artifacts
Alongside such familiar counterculture documentaries as Michael Wadleigh 's Woodstock , which was also released the same year as A Movable Scene and A Movable Feast , a number of little-known and rarely-seen features and short films depicting the hippie era were also produced in the early 1970s and remain as time-capsule chronicles of their period . Because of the didactic stridency associated with some of these films ' anti-drug lecturing , the productions have been frequently classified as camp and shown as fillers at Turner Classic Movies ' Saturday night–Sunday morning film showcase series , TCM Underground .
References
External links
1970 documentary films
American short documentary films
Documentary films about music festivals
1970s short documentary films
Hippie films
Short film series
1971 documentary films
1972 documentary films
1970s English-language films
Chaplygin ( ) is a town and the administrative center of Chaplyginsky District in Lipetsk Oblast , Russia , located at the confluence of the Stanovaya Ryasa and Yagodnaya Ryasa Rivers , north of Lipetsk , the administrative center of the oblast . Population :
History
The settlement of Ust Stanovykh Ryas ( ) was founded on the territory of modern Chaplygin in the first half of the 17th century . It later grew into the village ( selo ) of Slobodskoye ( ) . In 1695 , Peter the Great built a small wooden palace in the vicinity , and in 1702 a small fortress under the name of Oranienburg ( ) . The name , originally taken from that of the German town Oranienburg , was modified to Raninburg and later to Ranenburg ( ) . Also in 1702 , both the fortress and the village of Slobodskoye were granted to Alexander Menshikov , who built a small monastery here in 1712 .
Town status was granted to Ranenburg in 1778 . In 1948 , it was renamed Chaplygin after the Russian physicist Sergey Chaplygin , who was born here in 1869 .
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions , Chaplygin serves as the administrative center of Chaplyginsky District . As an administrative division , it is incorporated within Chaplyginsky District as Chaplygin Town Under District Jurisdiction . As a municipal division , Chaplygin Town Under District Jurisdiction is incorporated within Chaplyginsky Municipal District as Chaplygin Urban Settlement .
Economy
Food industry is the main sector of economy .
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Official website of Chaplygin
Chaplygin Business Directory
Cities and towns in Lipetsk Oblast
Ranenburgsky Uyezd
Arginylation is a post-translational modification in which proteins are modified by the addition of arginine ( Arg ) at the N-terminal amino group or side chains of reactive amino acids by the enzyme , arginyltransferase ( ATE1 ) . Recent studies have also revealed that hundreds of proteins in vivo are arginylated , proteins which are essential for many biological pathways . While still poorly understood in a biological setting , the ATE1 enzyme is highly conserved which suggests that arginylation is an important biological post-translational modification .
Examples of ATE1 targets which have been identified include ornithine decarboxylase. , thyroglobulin , insulin , and neurotensin .
Discovery
In 1963 , a group of researchers observed that specific radioactive amino acids were being incorporated into proteins obtained from ribosome-free cell and tissue extracts . This incorporation of amino acids into ribosome-lacking cells was first observed in prokaryotes using leucine ( Leu ) and phenylalanine ( Phe ) , and was further discovered in mammalian liver extracts using arginine . The incorporation of other amino acids into ribosome-lacking cells failed to yield similar results , suggesting that the mechanism was specific to leucine and phenylalanine in bacteria and arginine in mammals . One of the most interesting aspects of arginylation is that the amino acids used for arginylation are transferred from aminoacyl tRNAs onto the target protein , without the use of any other translational components . This way of modifying proteins post-translationally does not occur in any other amino acid addition to proteins , such as in glycylation , glutamylation , and tyrosination making arginylation truly unique .
Upon discovery of this modification and its mechanism , further research was performed to identify an enzyme or enzymes which promote this modification . After identifying the enzyme responsible for this modification in both plants and guinea-pig hair follicles , it was cloned and characterized in yeast and given the name ATE1 due to its ability . Later studies have also identified various genes which code for ATE1 enzymes in multiple species , leading to the conclusion that ATE1 is present in all eukaryotes .
Target sites
N-terminus
Upon the identification of the early targets of arginylation by ATE1 ( in vitro and in vivo ) , a pattern emerged . This pattern showed that ATE1 displayed a high affinity for proteins and peptides containing the acidic amino acids asparagine or glutamine which were exposed on the N-terminal side of the protein or peptide . Further studies aided by high precision mass spectrometry have revealed hundreds of proteins from different cells and tissues which have been arginylated . Several of these proteins also displayed arginylation at their N-chain termini , but contained residues other than asparagine or glutamine . As such , arginylation studies are still in the introductory stages and further research into the specificity of arginylation must be performed .
However , the assumption that arginylation only occurs at the N-terminus severely limited the amount of proteins which were likely to be arginylated . This is due to the fact that , if the preference of arginylation to occur only at the N-terminus assumption was true , then arginylation would never be able to happen on intact proteins due to protein sequences beginning with methionine at the N-terminus and not the preferred asparagine or glutamine . This assumption was soon proved false when a protein was discovered with an arginylated residue in the middle of its sequence .
Mid-chain
Although N-terminus arginylation was originally thought to be the only site for targeting by ATE1 enzymes , it has recently been discovered that arginylation may also occur in the middle of the peptide chain of a protein . The first discovery of this unprecedented modification occurred when neurotensin , a biological peptide found in the central nervous system , was isolated from cells and it was discovered that arginine was attached to a mid-chain glutamine residue . This discovery changed the view of how arginylation occurs , as this meant that there may be ways to modify and arginylate intact proteins .
In an effort to determine the prevalence of mid-chain arginylation , a mass spectrometry screen of various peptides was performed . The results from this experiment revealed a plethora of various proteins which contained modified asparagine and glutamine residues present in the middle of their peptide chain , and further studies determined that ATE1 could also be mediating this reaction . Indeed , this discovery changed the biological scope of arginylation by suggesting that arginylation can also occur on fully intact proteins , not just on the N-terminus of protein fragments or pre-processed proteins .
Consequences
In 1986 , the N-end rule was elucidated , and it states that the identity of the amino acid at the N-terminus of the protein 's amino acid sequence determines the half-life of the protein . In an effort to determine the effects of arginylation on the half-life of proteins , several studies were performed using modified yeast proteins . These studies revealed that when proteins were engineered to include N-termini which had been arginylated , the modified proteins were metabolically unstable . Furthermore , it was also discovered that protein ubiquitination and degradation become more likely to occur when a protein is arginylated . The evidence gathered from these experiments make it clear that arginylation in vivo leads to the degradation of proteins with asparagine and glutamine residues at their N-termini .
However , there have also been several recent studies which have shown that protein degradation may not be the prevalent function of arginylation , but that this modification may also be important for certain proteins to function correctly . For instance , when arginylation occurs on beta amyloid proteins , the proteins are guided into their proper alpha helical shape and are also prevented from misfolding and aggregating . Another protein which benefits from arginylation is calreticulin because when modified , its role during endoplasmic reticulum stress is facilitated , rather than it being removed from cells entirely . As both degradation and facilitation effects of arginylation have been identified and studied , it is clear that arginylation has an important role in protein regulation within cells .
Regulation
Due to it being a lesser understood post-translational modification , arginylation and its regulation in vivo still remains largely esoteric . The expression of ATE1 can vary significantly within different tissues , but its levels within these tissues peak at mid-development but begin to decline as an organism ages . It has also been observed that a variety of physiological compounds and drugs are able to affect the incorporation of arginine in vivo , but it is hypothesized that this occurs in a non-specific manner . As such , it has been theorized that inhibitors and activators which regulate ATE1 activity , and therefore arginylation , may exist in vivo .
Arginylation 's ability to make proteins metabolically unstable , as observed in yeast , makes proteins which have been modified in this way an attractive target for removal . One of the well characterized arginylation regulators is the ubiquitin dependent protein degradation which quickly degrades and removes harmful proteins . This important regulator of arginylation facilitates the specificity of this post-translational modification and efficiently removes proteins which were not meant to be arginylated in vivo .
Lastly , an unproven but highly attractive mechanism of regulating arginylation in vivo suggests the use of de-arginylation enzymes which may be able to remove an arginine that has been added post-translationally to proteins . Enzymes such as Aminopeptidase B and Carboxypeptidase B are able to remove arginine from a proteins N-terminus and from side chain carboxyl groups , respectively , but do not specifically target arginylated sites . The proposed de-arginylation enzymes are theorized to act in the same way as the previously mentioned enzymes Aminopeptidase B and Carboxypeptidase B , but would differ in the fact that they specifically target arginylated protein substrates . Although these enzymes have not been discovered as of yet , the search for and discovery of these enzymes is an exciting path for further studies .
Pathways regulated by
Initially written off as a non-essential process due to the ATE1 knockout in yeast , later studies have shown arginylation plays a significant role in several biological processes . The knockout of ATE1 in mice and Drosophila resulted in embryonic lethality for both species . Further studies using the mouse model to observe the effects of ATE1 knockout in the development of the organism revealed that the gene loss resulted in abnormal cardiac and craniofacial morphogenesis , impaired angiogenesis , and the ability of cells to undergo meiosis . Postnatally , ATE1 knockout resulted in weight loss , infertility , and mental retardation . Additionally , observing the effects of ATE1 deletion in Arabidopsis thaliana , a model plant organism , revealed defective shoot and leaf development , abnormal seed germination , and delayed leaf senescence . The dysfunctions resulting from the knockout of the ATE1 enzyme therefore suggest that arginylation is necessary for many physiological pathways within eukaryotes .
See also
Post-translational modifications
Ubiquitin
References
Biochemistry
An iconoclast is one who professes iconoclasm ( the belief in the importance of the destroying physical religious images ) ; one who objects to the use of sacred images in religion , or who opposes orthodoxy and religion .
Iconoclast ( s ) may also refer to :
Film and television
Iconoclasts ( TV series ) , a 2005 Sundance Channel show
Iconoclast , 2011 documentary film about Boyd Rice ; directed by Larry Wessel
Music
Iconoclast ( band ) , since 1987 , an American jazz duo
Albums
Iconoclast ( Part 1 : The Final Resistance ) , 2008 studio album by Heaven Shall Burn , a German extreme metal band
Iconoclast trilogy , trilogy of Heaven Shall Burn productions
Iconoclast ( Dope Knife album ) , 2014 album by Rap artist Dope Knife
Iconoclast ( Nazxul album ) , 2009 studio album by Nazxul , an Australian black metal band
Iconoclast ( Symphony X album ) , 2011 album by American progressive metal band Symphony X
Iconoclast ( EP ) , 2014 EP by Clinton Sparks
Songs
`` Iconoclast '' , a song on Emerson , Lake and Palmer 's 1971 album Tarkus
Other uses
Iconoclast , c. 1953 , a pen-name of the political activist and atheist Charles Bradlaugh
Iconoclast : A Neuroscientist Reveals How to Think Differently , a book by Gregory Berns , published in 2008
Iconoclasts ( video game ) , 2018 platform game
See also
Ao-Iconoclast / Pigeon-The Green-ey 'd Monster , 2009 maxi single by J-pop singer Kotoko
Eikonoklastes , book by Milton
Matter of Time is the first studio album by the band Axium . The album was mixed , mastered , and produced by Mitch Rosenow and features David Cook ( vocals , guitar ) ; Bobby Kerr ( drums ) ; Jerron Nichols ( bass ) ; and Jeff Shrout ( guitar ) .
Track listing
References
External links
2002 debut albums
Axium albums
Antonio Mendoza ( born 27 June 1939 ) is a Filipino former sports shooter . They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Filipino male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the Philippines
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Manila
Carnosaur ( 1984 ) is a horror novel written by Australian author John Brosnan , under the pseudonym of Harry Adam Knight . A film adaptation was made in 1993 by Adam Simon .
The novel bears several similarities to Michael Crichton 's Jurassic Park , though Carnosaur preceded the latter work by six years . Brosnan feared that the public would have thought that their Gollancz reissue of Carnosaur would have been seen as a plagiarism to Jurassic Park . They admitted they liked the scene in the Crichton novel film adaption involving dinosaurs rampaging through a museum , as it bore direct similarities to an incident featured in Carnosaur .
Plot
Set in a rural village near Cambridgeshire , England , the novel opens at a chicken farm which is attacked one night by a mysterious creature , leaving both the farmer and their wife dead . A story circulates that the killer was a Siberian tiger that had escaped the private zoo of an eccentric lord named Darren Penward . A reporter named David Pascal investigates the carnage , and notices that the blood-stained room where the attack occurred has been thoroughly cleansed in a seeming attempt at covering the killer 's footprints . A few days later , the creature attacks a stable , killing a horse , the keeper , and their daughter , leaving one survivor , an eight-year-old boy . Pascal arrives at the scene , only to find Penward 's men already there , towing a concealed animal with a helicopter . Pascal interviews the boy , who reveals that the killer was not a tiger , but in fact a dinosaur . After unsuccessfully trying to interview Penward 's men , Pascal moves on and begins a sexual relationship with Penward 's nymphomaniac wife , who eventually takes them into their private quarters .
From there , Pascal enters the zoo , only to discover that it 's filled with dinosaurs . They are captured and given a tour of the establishment . They see a variety of different species , mostly carnivores , including the dinosaur that had escaped earlier which is identified as a Deinonychus , a sexually-frustrated Megalosaurus , and an adolescent Tarbosaurus . Penward explains that they recreated the dinosaurs by studying the DNA fragments found in fossils , then using them as a basis for restructuring the DNA of chickens . They go as far as saying that they intend to let their dinosaurs loose in remote areas of the world where they could flourish and eventually spread after what they consider an inevitable Third World War . Pascal is imprisoned , only to be rescued by Lady Penward , but only after promising that they permanently commit to them As they make their escape , Pascal notices that their ex-girlfriend Jenny Stamper , also a reporter , has been caught in the act of infiltrating Penward 's zoo as well . Enraged at their insistence on helping her , Lady Penward releases the dinosaurs and other animals present in the zoo . In the chaos , the Tarbosaurus destroys Penward 's helicopter and heavy machine gun before it can get in the air . The Deinonychus pursues Pascal and Jenny through Penward 's museum , with the two getting away when it is tricked into attacking its own reflection due to perceiving it as a threat much like a bird . The Tarbosaurus , driven by equating the smell of mammals with easy food , further destroys the premise by bashing down numerous fences and gates , chasing the protagonists down before battling a pride of lions . The couple manage to reach Pascal 's car and flee the property , with the Tarbosaurus in pursuit down the road . Sir Penward is gored in the leg by an escaped bull ( one of several they kept as food for the dinosaurs ) and captures their insane wife .
Pascal and Jenny escape to the authorities , but are not believed until the Tarbosaurus catches back up with their car and devours a police officer . All across rural England , reports begin flooding in on mysterious deaths by both the prehistoric animals and extant predators Penward kept in their zoo . A plesiosaur kills a bird poacher before also picking off teens aboard a pleasure boat , a Dilophosaurus kills a Member of Parliament after breaking into their rural home , the Megalosaurus gets run over by a lorry whose driver is killed by a panther , an Altispinax attacks a herd of cows before killing the farmer attempting to stop it , a Scolosaurus confronts a FV101 Scorpion , and the Tarbosaurus destroys a pub before invading people 's gardens . The British Army is called , and soon many dinosaurs are killed but at often great loss of life to civilians or soldiers . The Dilophosaurus is shelled , the plesiosaur is bombarded with depth charges , armed helicopters hunt down the Altispinax , a tank kills the Scolosaurus after it destroys the first Scorpion , and the Deinonychus is killed in Penward 's manor when soldiers storm the facility after it eviscerates a colonel . The Tarbosaurus breaks into an indoor mall and chases Pascal and Jenny though it , before being forced back by a fire hose being shot into its ear . Eventually , the creature is killed when a support pillar causes a roof to collapse on it .
The next day , Pascal goes to visit Jenny at their home , only to find their badly injured , and their family dead , killed by a second Deinonychus which Pascal slays with a pitchfork . Meanwhile , the dying Penward traps their wife inside a farmhouse , where they are eaten alive by two newly hatched Tyrannosaurus rex . At the conclusion of the story , aside from the baby Tyrannosaurus , the only other dinosaur left alive is a baby Brachiosaurus that is to be exhibited at a British zoo .
Background
Brosnan wrote that they first became interested in writing a novel on dinosaurs in 1983 , when a film journalist colleague of theirs returned from Hollywood and told them that dinosaur films would be an upcoming fad . Brosnan sent their manuscript to Star Books and it was published in 1984 . Brosnan was disappointed that the predicted boom in dinosaur films never occurred , and the novel received little attention in the UK . The novel was first published in the United States in 1989 by Bart Books , though with little success .
Although Brosnan disliked Roger Corman 's film adaptation of the novel , they nonetheless credited it with having raised greater awareness of their original story .
References
1984 science fiction novels
1984 Australian novels
Eco-thriller novels
Novels about dinosaurs
Living dinosaurs in fiction
Australian science fiction novels
1980s horror novels
Works published under a pseudonym
Novels set in Cambridgeshire
Australian novels adapted into films
Science fiction novels adapted into films
Biopunk novels
Eldelek , Çamlıdere is a village in the District of Çamlıdere , Ankara Province , Turkey . The population of Eldelek in 2012 was 96 .
References
Villages in Çamlıdere District
The 1993 NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament was the 34th organized men 's college soccer tournament by the National Collegiate Athletic Association , to determine the top college soccer team in the United States . The Virginia Cavaliers won their fourth national title , and third straight , by defeating the South Carolina Gamecocks in the championship game , 2–0 . The final match was played on December 5 , 1993 , in Davidson , North Carolina , at Richardson Stadium for the second straight year . All other games were played at the home field of the higher seeded team .
Early rounds
Final
See also
NCAA Division II Men 's Soccer Championship
NCAA Division III Men 's Soccer Championship
NAIA Men 's Soccer Championship
References
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament seasons
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament
NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Tournament
This is a list of places , buildings , roads and other things named for the medieval Georgian poet Shota Rustaveli .
Geographic locations
Rustaveli Avenue , one of the central thoroughfares in Tbilisi , Georgia
Shota Rustaveli Street , Tashkent , street in Tashkent
Shota Rustaveli Peak , a mountain in the central part of the Greater Caucasus
Organizations
Shota Rustaveli National Science Foundation , a Georgian government agency supporting fundamental research and education
Shota Rustaveli Society , a civil organization established in Georgia in 1988
Structures
Rustaveli Cinema , a movie theatre in Tbilisi , Georgia
Shota Rustaveli State Academic Theatre , a theatre in Tbilisi , Georgia
Shota Rustaveli Institute of Georgian Literature , a research institute in Tbilisi , Georgia
Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University , an educational institution in Tbilisi , Georgia
Shota Rustaveli State University , an educational institution in Batumi , Georgia
Shota Rustaveli Tbilisi International Airport , Georgia 's main international airport
Rustaveli , a metro station of Tbilisi Metro
Ships
, a former Soviet cargo ship
, a former Soviet cruise ship
Other
Shota Rustaveli Prize , a prize awarded by the Georgian government in the fields of art and science
Rustaveli , a basin located in the northern hemisphere of Mercury
References
Shota Rustaveli
Mount Ropar ( ) is a mountain , 2,420 m , at the east extremity of Canopy Cliffs in Queen Elizabeth Range . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Nicholas J. Ropar , Jr. , Weather Central meteorologist at Little America V , 1958 .
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
Hugo Emilio Soto Miranda ( born September 28 , 1983 , in Cartagena , Bolívar , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer who plays for Zamora in the Venezuelan league . Their usual position is central defender
Honours
Player
La Equidad
Copa Colombia ( 2008 )
See also
Football in Colombia
List of football clubs in Colombia
References
External links
Profile at BDFA.com.ar
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Cartagena , Colombia
Colombian footballers
Atlético Nacional footballers
La Equidad footballers
Atlético Huila footballers
Zamora FC players
Colombian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Venezuela
Association football defenders
`` Love at First Light '' is a song by Singaporean artiste , Olivia Ong and child actor , Natanya Tan . Written by Paul Tan and composed by Iskandar Ismail , it was officially commissioned as the official theme song to the 2012 national day parade of Singapore , together with the 1995 National Day Parade song , My People , My Home which was reused for National Day in 2012 . On 9 August , the song was performed twice , once by the Combined School Choirs and later by the duo themselves in a techno pop version . The techno pop version was incorporated into a medley , which includes song like `` Stand Up For Singapore '' , `` One People , One Nation , One Singapore '' , `` Count On Me Singapore '' , `` Home '' and `` We Are Singapore '' . The song 's title is a play on the phrase , `` Love at first sight '' .
Background
Alongside Paul Tan , local composer , Iskandar Ismail teamed up with them to write , produce and compose the song in early 2012 . In an interview with Paul Tan on The Straits Times section , `` Digital Life '' , Paul stated that Iskandar wanted a child to sing for the first verse of the song . 7 year old , Natanya Tan was picked along with Olivia as a duet , making Natanya to date the 2nd youngest NDP theme song singer after Shanice Nathan ( who was then 7 when they sang the 2004 theme song , `` Home '' ) . On the 12 July 2012 , it was officially announced and released in a press conference at Gardens by the Bay . Olivia gave their comment on the song , stating that `` Love At First Light is about the determination of Singaporeans in a young nation , ( and how they ) are trying to build their dreams and goals . `` .
Music video
The video , which was sponsored by the Defence Science and Technology Agency , is directed by Aaron Tan . It takes viewers through daily life in Singapore and reflects on its cultural identity .
See also
Music of Singapore
References
External links
Official NDP website
NDP Soundtrack
Official music video
2012 singles
2012 songs
Pop songs
Singaporean songs
smartTrade Technologies is a multi-national financial software company that provides technology for financial institutions . Harry Gozlan and David Vincent , Chairman of the board and CEO of the company , created smartTrade in 1999 . Since then , smartTrade has developed software for :
Internalization/matching for equities , fixed income , FX
FX eCommerce and single dealer platform
OTC and derivatives dealing systems
Commodities dealing ( including precious metals )
Smart Order Routing in all asset classes .
The company has its headquarters in Aix-en-Provence France , with subsidiaries in London , Geneva , Milan , Istanbul , New York City , Singapore , Toronto and Tokyo .
Products
LiquidityCrosser
LiquidityOrchestrator
LiquidityDistributor
LiquidityAggregator
LiquidityConnect
LiquidityFX
smartFI
smartAnalytics
Crypto 's
References
External links
Financial software companies
Financial services companies of France
French companies established in 1999
Raphitoma radula is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae .
Description
The length of the shell varies between 12 mm and 19 mm , its diameter between 4 mm and 8 mm .
Distribution
This species occurs in the Central Mediterranean Sea off Palermo , Sicily ; off France , Croatia and Algeria .
References
External links
Monterosato T. A . ( di ) ( 1884 ) . Nomenclatura generica e specifica di alcune conchiglie mediterranee . Palermo , Virzi , 152 pp
Gastropods.com : Raphitoma ( pupoides
Riccardo Giannuzzi-Savelli , Francesco Pusateri , Riccardo Giannuzzi-Savelli , Riccardo Giannuzzi : A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae , 3 : on the Raphitoma pupoides ( Monterosato , 1884 ) complex , with the description of a new species ( Mollusca Gastropoda ) ; Biodiversity Journal , 2016 , 7 ( 1 ) : 103–115
radula
Gastropods described in 1884
Paul Duffie ( born June 14 , 1951 ) is a Canadian former politician , lawyer and judge in the province of New Brunswick . Duffie was born in Neguac , New Brunswick . A graduate of Ricker College in Houlton , Maine with a Bachelor of Science degree and the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton , New Brunswick with a law degree . They were mayor of Grand Falls from 1986 until their election as MLA in 1987 .
Elected as a Liberal in the Frank McKenna landslide , Duffie continued their law practice in addition to their legislative duties . In 1991 , they were named to the board of governors for the University of New Brunswick .
In 1991 , Duffie was re-elected as MLA and appointed to be the Minister of Education . They became Minister of Municipalities , Culture & Housing in 1994 . Upon being re-elected in 1995 they became Minister of Justice .
Duffie resigned from cabinet in 1997 , after considering a run for leader , to spend more time with their family . Duffie co-chaired the leadership campaign of Camille Theriault with Doug Tyler .
Duffie did not seek re-election in the 1999 general election .
In 2001 , following the resignation of Theriault , Duffie was encouraged to run for leader . Their biggest supporters in the small , seven members , Liberal caucus of the day were House Leader Eric Allaby and former Minister of Transportation Sheldon Lee .
In early 2002 , Shawn Graham emerged as the clear leader in delegate selection meetings and Duffie dropped out of the race , backing Graham .
Though they originally pledged to run in the coming election , they backed fellow Liberal and fellow former Grand Falls mayor Ron Ouellette who was elected on June 9 , 2003 .
Duffie was re-elected mayor of Grand Falls on May 10 , 2004 , 18 years after they were first elected to the post .
In June 2008 , they were named a provincial court judge .
Notes
References
Entry from Canadian Who 's Who
1951 births
Living people
Ricker College alumni
University of New Brunswick alumni
Lawyers in New Brunswick
New Brunswick Liberal Association MLAs
Members of the Executive Council of New Brunswick
Mayors of places in New Brunswick
University of New Brunswick Faculty of Law alumni
Teteté may refer to :
the Teteté people of the Acuadorian Amazon
the Teteté language , a Tucanoan language
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
is the pen name of a Japanese manga artist from Fukuoka , Japan . They are best known as the creator of Sketchbook which was adapted into a 13 episode anime television series by the studio Hal Film Maker and broadcast on TV Tokyo .
Works
( 2002-ongoing , serialized in Comic Blade , Mag Garden )
( 2007 , Mag Garden )
References
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Manga artists from Fukuoka Prefecture
People from Fukuoka
Tripician is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Joe Tripician ( born 1953 ) , American film producer , writer , screenwriter , film director , songwriter and playwright
Nicholas Tripician ( born 1978 ) , American rower
Wendy Tripician ( born 1974 ) , American rower
Kamp Koral : SpongeBob 's Under Years ( also known simply as Kamp Koral ) is an American computer-animated television series created by Stephen Hillenburg and developed by Luke Brookshier , Marc Ceccarelli , Andrew Goodman , Kaz , Mr. Lawrence , and Vincent Waller that premiered on Paramount+ on March 4 , 2021 . The series is a prequel and spinoff of Nickelodeon 's SpongeBob SquarePants , featuring younger versions of the characters as they attend a summer camp . In August 2021 , the series was renewed for a 13-episode second season .
Premise
The series follows 10-year-old SpongeBob SquarePants as they spend their summer at a sleepaway camp called Kamp Koral . The camp is run by Mr. Krabs , a single father raising their baby daughter , Pearl . The camp 's activities are overseen by Mrs . Puff , who works as the scoutmaster and arts-and-crafts teacher . SpongeBob bunks in a cabin with their friends Patrick Star and Sandy Cheeks . Their cabin is run by Squidward Tentacles , a pessimistic camper who is slightly older than the others ( almost a teenager ) and is a junior counselor . Unbeknownst to the campers , the local chef Plankton runs a secret laboratory underneath the camp where their computer assistant Karen helps them create elaborate inventions to take over the world . Episodes focus on SpongeBob and their friends learning more about the campsite , exploring new places , and taking part in summertime activities .
Characters
SpongeBob SquarePants ( voiced by Tom Kenny )
Patrick Star ( voiced by Bill Fagerbakke )
Squidward Tentacles ( voiced by Rodger Bumpass )
Mr. Krabs ( voiced by Clancy Brown )
Sandy Cheeks ( voiced by Carolyn Lawrence )
Sheldon Plankton ( voiced by Mr. Lawrence )
Mrs . Puff ( voiced by Mary Jo Catlett )
Karen Plankton ( voiced by Jill Talley )
Pearl Krabs ( voiced by Lori Alan )
Nobby and Narlene ( voiced by Carlos Alazraqui and Kate Higgins respectively )
Release
The series was originally planned to premiere on Nickelodeon in July 2020 , but on July 30 , 2020 , it was announced that the series would instead be released on CBS All Access , the ViacomCBS streaming service , in early 2021 . It was later announced that the series will be airing on Nickelodeon as well later in the year . On January 28 , 2021 , it was announced that the first six episodes would release along with The SpongeBob Movie : Sponge on the Run on March 4 , 2021 with the launch of Paramount+ . The series also began airing on Nickelodeon on April 2 , 2021 . On June 24 , 2021 , it was announced that new episodes would release on Paramount+ on July 22 , 2021 .
On July 21 , 2022 , a `` SpongeBob Universe '' crossover special was announced , featuring the main series and spinoffs Kamp Koral and The Patrick Star Show . `` The Tidal Zone '' , a spoof of The Twilight Zone , will premiere on Nickelodeon in November 2022 . Alongside this , it was announced that new episodes of Kamp Koral would release on Paramount+ on September 30 , 2022 .
Production
Development
According to Vincent Waller , the idea for the show originated in flashback scenes from The SpongeBob Movie : Sponge on the Run . Having worked on the original show for years , Waller calculated the hierarchy of the camp and the ages of the characters ( albeit , younger ) . Marc Ceccarelli helped develop the new characters and new locations . In October 2018 , on one of Brian Robbins ' first days as the president of Nickelodeon , they `` decided to put a room together and really look at what the SpongeBob universe looks like . '' According to Robbins , `` out of that came the Kamp Koral idea and actually a couple of other ideas . ''
Announcement
On February 14 , 2019 , it was announced that an unnamed spinoff of SpongeBob SquarePants was in the works at Nickelodeon . On June 4 , 2019 , it was announced that a CG-animated spinoff of SpongeBob SquarePants under the working title of Kamp Koral was officially green-lit with an initial order of 13 episodes .
On February 19 , 2020 , the show was officially titled as Kamp Koral : SpongeBob 's Under Years . It was also announced that the voice cast from SpongeBob SquarePants would return for the spinoff series . A sneak peek of the series aired during the Bears-Saints NFL wildcard game on January 10 , 2021 on Nickelodeon .
On March 4 , 2021 , it was announced that an additional 13 episodes had been ordered , bringing the series total to 26 episodes . On August 11 , 2021 , the series was renewed for a second season of 13 episodes .
Episodes
Reception
Allie Leatherman of Legacy Press felt that the series overplays the slapstick for comedic purposes that children would not find funny . They also argue that , `` The shadows are extremely harsh , the color palette is ugly , and the backgrounds are boring and lifeless . The animation makes it unclear if it even takes place underwater . The character design is alright other than Patrick , who just looks like pink mush in the shape of a star . ''
Jessica Curney of The Michigan Daily felt that the series is not needed and unnecessary for the franchise and that it does not have the same `` spark '' as the first three seasons of the original show .
Mikel J. Davies of The Harvard Crimson wrote that the show `` seems to fall short of becoming a beloved classic like its predecessor '' and that its comedy is `` shallow and unremarkable , much unlike the original show '' , but praised the decision to keep the original show 's main cast of characters and their voice actors , and remarked that `` in general , Kamp Koral is an entertaining and enjoyable show '' , and that `` there is hope as the show continues '' , as `` some of the episodes had that familiar spark of creativity '' .
Home media
References
External links
SpongeBob SquarePants
2021 American television series debuts
2020s American animated television series
American animated television spin-offs
American children 's animated comedy television series
American computer-animated television series
American prequel television series
English-language television shows
Nicktoons
Paramount+ original programming
Animated television series about children
Television series about summer camps
Child versions of cartoon characters
Paramount+ children 's programming
The Lutherkirche was a Protestant church named after Martin Luther in southern Königsberg , Germany .
History
The Lutherkirche was designed by the architect Friedrich Heitmann and located at the Viehmarkt , a market in the Haberberg quarter . The Neo-Renaissance church with Baroque decorations was built from 1907 to 1910 and dedicated on 18 December 1910 . Although the Lutherkirche survived the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and 1945 Battle of Königsberg , it was not used by the Soviet Union in Kaliningrad after World War II and was demolished in May 1976 .
Gallery
References
1910 establishments in Germany
1945 disestablishments in Germany
20th-century Lutheran churches in Germany
Demolished churches in the Soviet Union
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Churches completed in 1910
Christian organizations established in 1910
Buildings and structures demolished in 1976
Anna Murià i Romaní ( pseudonym , Romaní ; 21 April 1904 – 27 September 2002 ) was a Spanish narrator , translator , literary critic , and journalist of Catalan descent who wrote short stories , novels , children 's literature , and essays . A feminist activist , Murià i Romaní served as secretary of the Institució de les Lletres Catalanes , was a founding member of the Grup Sindical d'Escriptors Catalans ( Union Group of Catalan Writers ; 1936 ) , and was an Honorary Member of the Associació d'Escriptors en Llengua Catalana .
Early life and education
Born in Barcelona , Murià i Romaní was the daughter of the journalist and filmmaker , Magí Murià i Torner . They attended religious schools before studying commerce , accounting and English at the l'Institut de Cultura i Biblioteca de la Dona ( 1918–24 ) .
Career
Murià i Romaní was a relevant political female writer . They were involved with Acció Catalana , but joined Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya ( Republican Left of Catalonia ) in 1932 , where they helped with the collection of signatures in favor of the adoption of the Statute of Autonomy of 1932 ( es ) . In 1932 , they organized the `` Front Únic Femení Esquerrista '' ( United Front of Women from the Left ) together with other relevant female activists and writers of the time such as Rosa Maria Arquimbau . In 1936 , they joined the central committee of the Estat Català . Along with Ana María Martínez Sagi , Murià i Romaní was also a member of El Club Femení i d'Esports de Barcelona .
During the Spanish Civil War , they were an official of the Generalitat of Catalonia , where they acted as secretary of the Institució de les Lletres Catalanes ( Institute of Catalan Letters ) , collaborated in publications such La Dona Catalana , La Rambla , La Nau , Meridià and Diari de Catalunya . They were also a member of the Women 's Union of Catalonia and a co-founder of the Grup Sindical d'Escriptors Catalans ( Union Group of Catalan Writers ) . While they wrote several novels , Aquest sera el principi ( `` This will be the Beginning '' ; 1986 ) is considered their major opus .
Personal life
Murià i Romaní met their husband , the poet Agustí Bartra , in 1939 , and they went into exile together . They had two children , a son , the anthropologist , Roger Bartra , and a daughter , the philosopher , Eli Bartra . Before returning to Catalonia , Murià i Romaní and Bartra traveled through the Dominican Republic , Cuba and Mexico . Muria i Romani died in Terrassa in 2002 ; they were a close friend of the writer , Mercè Rodoreda .
Selected works
References
External links
1904 births
2002 deaths
20th-century Spanish novelists
20th-century Spanish women writers
20th-century translators
20th-century short story writers
20th-century essayists
Women writers from Catalonia
Translators from Catalonia
Literary critics from Catalonia
Journalists from Catalonia
Spanish feminists
Spanish women 's rights activists
Spanish women short story writers
Short story writers from Catalonia
Novelists from Catalonia
Spanish women novelists
Spanish children 's writers
Spanish women essayists
Spanish essayists
Spanish women children 's writers
Women critics
Woman founders
Organization founders
Standish Hartstonge ( 1656–31 May 1704 ) was an Anglo-Irish lawyer and politician from Kilkenny city , who was MP for Kilkenny City in the Irish House of Commons from 1695 until their death .
They were born in Norfolk , a younger son of the eminent judge Sir Standish Hartstonge , 1st Baronet and their first wife Elizabeth Jermyn , daughter of Francis Jermyn ( or Jermy ) of Gunton Hall . Their family moved to Ireland , where they already owned property , in the late 1660s . They entered King 's Inns in 1681 . Their brother John Hartstonge became Church of Ireland bishop of Ossory in 1693 . Through the bishop 's influence , Standish was made Recorder of Kilkenny from 1694 , and also served as Custos Rotulorum of County Tipperary under their father 's patron the Duke of Ormond . An anonymous comic verse c.1700 , namechecking various Dublin Castle courtiers of the Lord Lieutenant , suggests the ideal beau would be one who `` like Hartstong loves '' . They died unmarried . Although their 1704 will and testament states that they were then living in Dublin and requested burial there in St. Audoen 's Church , they were in fact interred by their brother in St Canice 's Cathedral , Kilkenny .
They bequeathed their land at Talbot 's Inch , just outside Kilkenny , to their brother John , disinheriting their nephew Sir Standish Hartstonge , 2nd Baronet , whose impulsive teenage marriage to Anne Price of Presteigne had caused a bitter family feud . They had also been on opposite sides in a family lawsuit over the terms of the elder Sir Standish 's will , which disinherited young Standish in favour of their uncle Gwynne .
References
Further reading
1704 deaths
1656 births
Members of the Parliament of Ireland ( pre-1801 ) for County Kilkenny constituencies
Irish MPs 1695–1699
Irish MPs 1703–1713
People from Kilkenny ( city )
Younger sons of baronets
Irish barristers
Teote is a Latin American restaurant with multiple locations in Portland , Oregon .
History
The original restaurant , also known as Teote Areperia , opened in July 2013 . The Alberta location opened in 2018 . Plans for a restaurant in Pine Street Market were confirmed in December 2018 .
Locations
Teote House Cafe is located at 1615 SE 12th Avenue in the Hosford-Abernethy neighborhood
Teote Mezcaleria is located at 2700 NE Alberta Street in the Concordia neighborhood
Teote Outpost is located at 126 SW 2nd Avenue within the Pine Street Market in downtown Portland
Reception
Teote has received positive reviews .
See also
Hispanics and Latinos in Portland , Oregon
References
External links
Teote at Zomato
2013 establishments in Oregon
Concordia , Portland , Oregon
Hosford-Abernethy , Portland , Oregon
Latin American restaurants in Portland , Oregon
Restaurants established in 2013
Restaurants in Portland , Oregon
Southwest Portland , Oregon
Yeniköseler , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Whiting Memorial Community House , also known as Whiting Community Center , is a historic community center located at Whiting , Lake County , Indiana . It was built in 1923 , and is a two-story , steel frame building faced in rough red brick and in an eclectic style . It has a hipped red tile roof , scattered gables and arches , and concrete bracket and medallion detailing . The building houses an auditorium , meeting rooms , an indoor track , gyms , lockers , a bowling alley , and swimming pool . It was built by the Standard Oil Company for the city of Whiting .
It was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
References
External links
Event venues on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Buildings and structures completed in 1923
Buildings and structures in Lake County , Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County , Indiana
Whiting , Indiana
Cyardium cribrosum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1866 . It is known from Sumatra , Borneo and Malaysia .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1866
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Togouchi , Yamagata District , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan . It closed on December 1 , 2003 when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1969
4897 Tomhamilton , provisional designation , is a stony asteroid from the outer region of the asteroid belt , approximately 14 kilometers in diameter . It was discovered on 22 August 1987 , by American astronomer Eleanor Helin at Palomar Observatory , California . It was later named after American writer Thomas Hamilton , author of astronomy books and participant in the Apollo program .
Classification and orbit
Tomhamilton orbits the Sun in the outer main-belt at a distance of 2.7–3.4 AU once every 5 years and 4 months ( 1,953 days ) . Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.12 and an inclination of 11° with respect to the ecliptic .
In August 1950 , a first precovery was taken at Palomar , extending the asteroid 's observation arc by 37 years prior to its official discovery observation . It had also been previously identified as and at Crimea–Nauchnij .
On 11 January 2011 , it was at opposition ( coinciding with Hamilton 's 72nd birthday ) at a distance of 2.476 AU . Given the moderately elliptical orbit , this asteroid can on rare occasions reach an apparent magnitude from Earth of about 10.9 .
Naming
This minor planet was named after Thomas William Hamilton , an American ( born San Francisco , 1939 ) who was a child actor ( he played `` Barnaby '' in Barnaby and Mr. O'Malley and was on the early television show Mr. I-Magination ) . As an adult they worked on the Apollo program , determining fuel requirements and radar accuracy requirements for lunar orbit rendezvous . They later worked as an astronomy educator and planetarium director , and is the author of time travel and science fiction novels , and also wrote five books on astronomical topics . Hamilton and Helin were acquainted , as they had interviewed them at an astronomical conference for a cable television show they were producing at the time . The official was published by the Minor Planet Center on 4 October 2009 ( ) .
Physical characteristics
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by NASA 's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer with its subsequent NEOWISE mission , Tomhamilton measures 13.7 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.215 , which indicates that it of a stony rather than of a carbonaceous composition .
Lightcurve
As of 2017 , no rotational lightcurve of Tomhamilton has been obtained from photometric observations . It rotation period , poles and shape remain unknown .
Books by Hamilton
Books on astronomical topics :
Useful Star Names
Our Neighbor Stars
Moons of the Solar System
Dwarf Planets and Asteroids
Impact Craters of Earth
Other books :
Time for Patriots , a time travel adventure novel
The Mountain of Long Eyes , an anthology of 27 stories of fantasy , science fiction , and satire .
Weird Thoughts , a mixed anthology of 17 stories of science fiction , fantasy , and satire ; plus seven essays on topics related to astronomy , including one describing the author 's experience working on the Apollo Project .
Scam Artists of the Galaxy , 19 stories of a pair of cousins cheating their way across planets .
Election Matters : Life on Universityworld , novel dealing with three intertwined plot lines .
Hamilton has also had many astronomical articles in The Constellation , and science fiction in Aphelion , Bewildering Stories ( Oct. 30 , 2017 , `` An Arkham Halloween '' ) , and Changingthetimes.com ( Nov. 23 , 2020 , `` Moctezuma Succeeds '' ) .
Scholarship
In 2011 , using funds that had come down from their great great grandfather Thomas Oliver Larkin , Hamilton created the Hamilton Planetarium Scholarship Fund to encourage and train students to enter the planetarium field as a career .
References
External links
Asteroid Lightcurve Database ( LCDB ) , query form ( info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names , Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves , CdR – Observatoire de Genève , Raoul Behrend
Discovery Circumstances : Numbered Minor Planets ( 1 ) - ( 5000 ) – Minor Planet Center
Planetarian ( Journal of the International Planetarium Society ) , March 2011 , Vol . 40 , No . 1 , page 26
004897
Discoveries by Eleanor F. Helin
Minor planets named for people
Named minor planets
19870822
Mount Elliot is a locality in the City of Townsville , Queensland , Australia . It contains the mountain of the same name . In the , Mount Elliot had a population of 8 people .
Geography
The locality contains the mountain Mount Elliot which rises to a peak of 1220 metres above sea level , with the surrounding localities at 50–100 metres above sea level . The entire locality forms part of the Bowling Green Bay National Park with the Alligator Creek and its waterfall being within the Mount Elliot part of the park .
The Bruce Highway and the North Coast railway line form the northern boundary of the locality . The former Clevedon railway station was on the railway line in that area and the northern part of Mount Elliot is still known as Clevedon .
Mount Elliot is a watershed with the northern and western parts of the mountain draining into the Ross River which enters the Coral Sea at Townsville City and the southern and eastern parts of the mountain draining into the Haughton River which enters the Coral Sea near Giru .
History
The mountain was most likely named by Thomas Stewart , captain of the merchant ship , Lady Elliot , which sailed from Calcutta to Sydney in 1815-1816 . It is believed the ship was named after the wife of Hugh Elliot , Privy Counsellor , and Governor of Madras from 1814 to 1820 .
From 1846 until 1863 , shipwreck survivor James Morrill lived with the Aboriginal clan whose country was Mount Elliot and the surrounding area .
References
External links
City of Townsville
Localities in Queensland
Hope Woodlands is an extensive civil parish in the High Peak district of Derbyshire in England .
The parish covers the Woodlands Valley , the western Upper Derwent Valley , the northern half of Kinder Scout and much of Bleaklow . The only habitations in the parish are remote farms , forming small clusters at Upper Ashop and Alport . According to the 2001 UK census , the parish had a population of 68 people .
Socialist and suffragette Hannah Mitchell was born here in 1872 .
See also
Listed buildings in Hope Woodlands
References
Civil parishes in Derbyshire
Carl Ingvar Andersson ( 19 March 1899 – 14 October 1974 ) was a Swedish historian and director of the National Archives of Sweden .
Andersson was an associate professor at Lund University from 1928 to 1938 and director of the National Archives from 1950 to 1965 . Most of their historical research was focused on the 16th century . Among their works is a biography of Eric XIV of Sweden . In 1950 Andersson became a member of the Swedish Academy . Their wife died in 1993 .
References
1899 births
1974 deaths
20th-century Swedish historians
Members of the Swedish Academy
Lund University faculty
Members of the Royal Gustavus Adolphus Academy
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Chiaroscuro is an album by American guitarist Ralph Towner and Italian trumpeter Paolo Fresu recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label .
Reception
The Allmusic review by Jeff Tamarkin awarded the album 4 stars , stating , `` Chiaroscuro , naturally , boasts virtuosic musicianship , but it 's never about that ; it 's about two artists coming together by chance and allowing their mutual respect to show them the way to something great '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Ralph Towner except as indicated
`` Wistful Thinking '' - 4:19
`` Punta Giara '' - 6:21
`` Chiaroscuro '' - 6:31
`` Sacred Place '' - 4:13
`` Blue in Green '' ( Miles Davis , Bill Evans ) - 5:45
`` Doubled Up '' - 4:56
`` Zephyr '' - 7:29
`` The Sacred Place ( Reprise ) '' - 1:59
`` Two Miniatures '' ( Paulo Fresu , Ralph Towner ) - 2:38
`` Postlude '' ( Fresu , Towner ) - 2:31
Recorded at Rainbow Studio in Oslo , Norway in October 2008 .
Personnel
Ralph Towner — classical guitar , 12-string guitar , baritone guitar
Paolo Fresu — trumpet , flugelhorn
References
ECM Records albums
Ralph Towner albums
2009 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
The L & YR Class 2 was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway . It was designed by William Barton Wright and introduced in 1885 .
Construction
Thirty-six locomotives were built and 2 passed to the London , Midland and Scottish Railway at the grouping in 1923 .
Numbering
Full details not currently available . The two which passed to the LMS were :
Withdrawal
Withdrawals began in 1906 and the last locomotive was withdrawn and scrapped in 1930 . None have been preserved .
References
4-4-0 locomotives
02
Railway locomotives introduced in 1885
The 2014–2016 ICC Women 's Championship was the first edition of the ICC Women 's Championship , a women 's One Day International cricket ( WODI ) competition contested by eight teams . The top four teams at the conclusion of the tournament ( Australia , England , New Zealand and West Indies ) gained automatically qualification for the 2017 World Cup . The bottom four teams ( India , South Africa , Pakistan and Sri Lanka ) faced six qualifying teams in the 2017 World Cup Qualifier for the remaining four places at the World Cup . When four or more WODIs were played in a series , only three pre-selected matches were included in the championship . The second edition of the competition started in October 2017 .
Teams
The following teams played in the tournament :
Results
The breakdown of results was as follows . During each round , each team played against their opponent three times .
Note : The round six fixtures between Pakistan and India should have taken place by the end of October 2016 . As of 9 November 2016 , no decision was reached regarding the fixtures going ahead or not . On 23 November 2016 the ICC Technical Committee ruled that India 's Women 's team had forfeited all of the matches , with the points being awarded to Pakistan . Pakistan were awarded two points for each game , with India considered to have scored 0 runs in the 50 overs of each game , with their net run rate adjusted to reflect this .
Points table
* Round 6 matches were awarded to Pakistan ( see Note on ) .
Statistics
Most runs
Most wickets
References
External links
Series Home at ESPN Cricinfo
ICC Women 's Championship
International cricket competitions in 2014
International cricket competitions in 2014–15
International cricket competitions in 2015
International cricket competitions in 2015–16
International cricket competitions in 2016
International cricket competitions in 2016–17
2014 in women 's cricket
2015 in women 's cricket
2016 in women 's cricket
`` Engine Engine # 9 '' is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Roger Miller . It was released in May 1965 as the lead single from the album , The 3rd Time Around . The song peaked at number 2 on the U.S. country singles chart .
The song was most famously quoted in rap duo Black Sheep 's song `` The Choice Is Yours ( Revisited ) '' , an extended version of another song , `` The Choice Is Yours '' . This quote refers to the MTA NYC # 9 subway line that used to exist .
Chart performance
References
1965 singles
Roger Miller songs
Songs written by Roger Miller
Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy
Mercury Records singles
1965 songs
Chester Chou ( ; born 12 October 1951 ) is a Taiwanese politician . They were the Deputy Secretary-General of the Legislative Yuan from 1999 to 2014 .
Education
Chou was born in Dalin Township , Chiayi County on 12 October 1951 . Their father worked as a technician at the Dalin Sugar Refinery . Chou received their secondary education at Chiayi County High School . They earned their bachelor 's and master 's degrees in political science from National Taiwan University in 1974 and 1976 , respectively .
Early career
Chou started to work for the Legislative Yuan on 5 July 1976 . They spent years in parliamentary affairs , serving under five premiers and seven secretary-generals . In 1989 , they were promoted to be the Chief of the Parliamentary Affairs section . In 1999 , the section was upgraded to the Parliamentary Affairs Office and they were promoted to become the director and consultant .
References
1951 births
Living people
Political office-holders in the Republic of China on Taiwan
National Taiwan University alumni
Manaskent ( ; , Manasgent ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Karabudakhkentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 4,994 as of 2010 . There are 90 streets .
Geography
Manaskent is located 14 km northeast of Karabudakhkent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Zelenomorsk is the nearest rural locality .
Nationalities
Kumyks , Dargins and Laks live there .
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Colobomycter is an extinct genus of lanthanosuchoid parareptile known from the Early Permian of Oklahoma .
Discovery
The type species , Colobomycter pholeter , was first described from fossil remains in 1958 , at which time it was believed to represent a synapsid , specifically , a pelycosaur . However , the discovery of new material and reexamination of the holotype led to its reclassification as a member of the Eureptilia . More recent studies indicate that Colobomycter is properly placed within the amniote clade Parareptilia , as part of the group Lanthanosuchoidea and closely related to the taxon Acleistorhinus . A second species of Colobomycter was described in 2016 , Colobomycter vaughni .
No postcranial material is known for Colobomycter , and the skull material referred to the genus has all been recovered from a single locality , the Richards Spur site at the Dolese Brothers Limestone Quarry , 11 kilometers north of Fort Sill , Comanche County , Oklahoma , dating to the early Artinskian stage . This site comprises a fissure-fill deposit yielding a unique upland fauna . Other taxa recovered from these strata preserves a wide array of tetrapods , including lepospondyl and temnospondyl amphibians , Seymouria , microsaurs , captorhinomorphs , and synapsids .
Description
The skull of Colobomycter is considered one of the most enigmatic found in any of the parareptiles primarily due to the presence of greatly enlarged caniniform teeth possessing serrated edges in the premaxilla and , to a lesser extent , the maxilla . The length of the premaxillary fang is greater than half the height of the skull . Modesto & Reisz ( 2008 ) note that `` The large size of the first premaxillary tooth is [ otherwise ] unheard of among early reptiles . '' The taxon also possesses unusual `` folding '' of the dentine at the bases of its larger marginal teeth , a state known as polyplycodont ( a condition also seen to have evolved independently in diadectomorphs , ichthyosaurs , and mosasaurs ) . Modesto & Reisz ( 2008 ) speculate that hard-shelled insects and other arthropods may have formed the bulk of its diet , but that Colobomycter could also have fed on vertebrates , including small amphibians and eureptiles . It is notable as the smallest predatory amniote from the Richard 's Spur deposits , with a skull measuring a mere 70-80 millimeters in length .
References
External links
Images of a maxilla of Colobomycter pholeter from the Richard 's Spur locality .
Permian reptiles of North America
Procolophonomorphs
Fossil taxa described in 1958
Prehistoric reptile genera
The Harley-Davidson Milwaukee-Eight engine is the ninth generation of `` big twin '' engines developed by the company , but only Harley 's third all-new Big Twin in 80 years , first introduced in 2016 . These engines differ from the traditional Harley Big Twin engines in that there are four valves per cylinder , totaling eight valves , hence the name . It also marked a return to the single-camshaft configuration as used on previous Harley Big Twin Engines from 1936 to 1999 . In addition , the engines all have internal counterbalancers , whereas Twin Cams were counterbalanced only on Softail models , where the engine was rigidly mounted .
107 and 114 and 117 engines
All engines have eight valves in two cylinders in the traditional V-twin configuration at 45° , are combination of air-cooled and oil-cooled , and activate valves with push-rods . The model with a claimed is standard on all models , with the version making a claimed remaining as an option on some softails and all touring and trike models , and the is standard on CVO models with a claimed and rear wheel power of @ 4,870 rpm and @ 3,400 rpm .
Differences from the predecessor ( Twin Cam )
In 2016 , the Milwaukee-Eight engines became available on Touring and Trike models of the 2017 model year . The Softail models started using the Milwaukee-Eight the following year . The most significant change from the Twin Cam are the two extra valves per cylinder head which produce 10 percent more torque . The exhaust and intake flow capacity is increased by 50 percent over the Twin Cam models . Although weighing the same as its predecessor , both models of the Milwaukee-Eight increase in acceleration by 10 % ( 0-60 for the 107 vs the 103 ) and 8 % ( 0-60 for the 114 vs. the 110 ) . Fuel economy is also increased , with percentages varying for engine and model .
Improvements
Harley conducted interviews in seven cities ; over 1,000 people were asked to outline what they would like to see in the next line of touring bikes . These interviews resulted in the new Milwaukee-Eight engine . The biggest improvements people wanted to see were more power , less heat , and less vibration . Harley was able to increase the power while also keeping the range and consumption similar and in some cases making it even better . To deal with the heat issue , Harley reduced the exhaust gas temperature by 100°F ( 55.6 C ) , allowing for a more comfortable ride . They were able to make this possible by relocating the hot catalytic converters further from the cockpit , as well as introducing a better water cooling solution . Finally , Harley looked at the vibration issues and decided to reduce the vibrations by 75 % , in order to affect a balance between hardcore fans and new Harley owners .
Reception
Cycle World , like many other motorcycle magazines , was given the opportunity to test ride and review the Milwaukee-Eight engine . The reviews have been positive , and report a better ride quality , while still keeping the Harley feel . Cycle World 's reviewer reported a noticeable reduction in the heat output from the engine , enabling the reviewer to ride more comfortably . The review concludes that the changes make this engine an improvement over its predecessor .
References
Harley-Davidson engines
Bell School may refer to :
Bell Matriculation Higher Secondary School , India
Alexander Graham Bell School ( Chicago , Illinois ) , United States
Bell School , an elementary school in Marblehead Public Schools , Massachusetts , United States
See also
Alexander Graham Bell honors and tributes # Honorary names of schools , organizations , awards , and placenames
Bell Public School , Oklahoma , United States
Bell High School ( disambiguation )
Naegok-dong is a dong , neighbourhood of Seocho-gu in Seoul , South Korea .
Education
High Schools
Daniel High School
Elementary Schools
Naegok Elementary School
Eonnam Elementary School
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Seocho-gu official website
Seocho-gu map at the Seocho-gu official website
The Naegok-dong Resident office
Neighbourhoods of Seocho District
Moisés Vieira da Veiga ( born 2 September 1996 ) , simply known as Moisés , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Fortaleza .
Club career
Born in Morro da Fumaça , Santa Catarina , Moisés played amateur football until joining Hercílio Luz in 2019 . They appeared in their first senior match on 16 January of that year , playing the last five minutes of a 2–2 Campeonato Catarinense away draw against Atlético Tubarão ; they scored their first goal ten days later , in a 4–0 home routing of Metropolitano .
After being mainly used as a substitute , Moisés was loaned to Concórdia for the second division of the Catarinense . After achieving promotion to the top tier and being the top goalscorer of the tournament , they signed a permanent contract with the club .
On 23 September 2019 , Moisés moved to Brusque on loan for the year 's Copa Santa Catarina . They returned to their parent club in December , after lifting the trophy and being again the top goalscorer .
On 5 June 2020 , Moisés renewed their contract with Concórdia until 2022 . Late in the month , they agreed to a loan deal with Série B side Ponte Preta until April 2021 .
Initially a backup option , Moisés started to feature regularly during the 2020 Série B , and scored a hat-trick in a 7–2 away success over Figueirense on 29 January 2021 . On 3 May , Ponte signed them permanently on a contract until 2024 .
Career statistics
Honours
Brusque
Copa Santa Catarina : 2019
Fortaleza
Copa do Nordeste : 2022
Campeonato Cearense : 2022
References
External links
Ponte Preta profile
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santa Catarina ( state )
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Hercílio Luz Futebol Clube players
Concórdia Atlético Clube players
Brusque Futebol Clube players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Fortaleza Esporte Clube players
Nura District ( , ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Kievka . The district has a population of 22,569 as of 2019 .
History
During the 1890s , a number of Ukrainians , Russians , and Germans began constructing settlements in the area , which was already home to approximately 330 villages of the native Kazakh people . On April 19 , 1923 , by order of the Kirghiz SSR , the Nurinsk Volost was created as part of the Akmola Uyezd . On March 10 , 1932 , the Nurinsk Volost joined the newly created Karagandy Oblast . Kievka became the district 's administrative center in 1934 .
The 1930s saw a number of modernization programs implemented in the district , with electricity , telephones , and postal services being introduced . 16 schools were erected as part of a wider Soviet program to combat illiteracy known as likbez .
During World War II , over 3,000 people from the district fought in the war , and 1,083 died in battle . Two residents of the district were awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union medal .
From 1954 to 1957 , 7 state farms were created in the district as part of the Virgin Lands Program .
Demographics
Nura has suffered considerable population decline in post-Soviet times , with population falling from , down to , to 22,569 as of 2019 .
Ethnic Composition
Notable people
Nikolai Alexeyevich Kuznetsov , Soviet aviator
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Karaganda Region
Ellen Dorrit Petersen ( born 4 December 1975 ) is a Norwegian actor .
Life and career
Petersen was born in the small town of Tau but moved to Oslo for their professional studies . They attended the Oslo National Academy of the Arts . They were active within Rogaland Teater between 2005 and 2006 , then went on to work at Det Norske Teatret . Petersen debuted as a screen actor in 2008 with the drama film Troubled Water . They have played leading roles in such productions as the 2014 film Blind , ITV 's Aber Bergen , and the Netflix series Borderliner .
The actor has been nominated for several awards throughout their career and has won two Amanda , one Kanon , and one Gullruten award .
Petersen is married to composer Ola Fløttum . The couple have two children together , a son and a daughter .
Selected filmography
Awards and recognition
Amanda Award for Best Actress in Iskyss ( 2009 )
Nominated for Amanda Award , Best Actress in Fjellet ( 2011 )
Kanon Award for Best Actress in Blind ( 2014 )
Amanda Award for Best Actress in Blind ( 2014 )
Gullruten for Best Actress in Aber Bergen ( 2017 )
Nominated for Gullruten , Best Actress in Aber Bergen ( 2018 )
References
External links
Ellen Dorrit Petersen at Panorama talent agency
1975 births
Living people
People from Strand , Norway
Norwegian actores
The Andino Mall is a shopping mall located in the El Retiro neighborhood of Bogotá , Colombia . It is the largest shopping mall in Bogota and one of the largest in South America . Andino is made up of a business center and a shopping mall . The business center covers and the mall and contains 205 stores . It is also the home of the only Louis Vuitton , Dolce & Gabbana , Longchamp and Tiffany & Co. stores in the country , becoming the most exclusive and expensive mall in Colombia .
History
The Andino Mall is located on the old school grounds of the Alemán Andino High School , hence the name of the complex . The site was developed by Pedro Gómez y Cia construction firm , and was overseen by architect Piedad Gómez .
The planning took 10 years and the construction began in 1992 . It was completed in 1993 , along with a business center annex .
Other projects have developed in the surrounding area , including the El Retiro and Atlantis shopping malls . Jointly , these sites have transformed the feel of the area from a mostly residential and housing neighborhood to a distinctly commercial and urban area , including buildings up to 10 stories tall .
Renovations
In 2005 , a food court was constructed that included the largest structural dome in the country . On March 3 , 2012 , there was an announcement that 22 stores distributed over 4 stories will be added .
Accidents
Since the construction of the mall , there have been a few accidents causing casualties and deaths .
Fire
In February 2008 , there was a fire on the third floor of the mall . The fire left three people injured , two having suffered smoke inhalation , and one sustaining cuts on the hand . The most damage was caused when the roof collapsed on one of the rooms in the movie theater . It was later discovered that the fire originated due to a short circuit .
Bombing
On 17 June 2017 , a bomb exploded in a second-floor bathroom of the mall , killing three women and injuring about nine others . One of the victims was a 23-year-old French woman who had spent six months volunteering in Colombia . The other two killed were Colombians . Eight people from a leftist urban guerilla group called the `` People 's Revolutionary Movement '' were arrested .
See also
Centro Comercial Santafé
Bogotá
Zona Rosa de Bogotá
References
Shopping malls in Bogotá
Commercial buildings completed in 1995
Shopping malls in Colombia
The women 's shot put event at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Sydney , Australia , at International Athletic Centre on 22 and 24 August .
Medalists
Results
Final
24 August
Qualifications
22 Aug
Group A
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 15 athletes from 13 countries participated in the event .
References
Shot put
Shot put at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Tyson Stengle ( born 19 October 1998 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the Geelong Cats in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) . Stengle played junior representative football with Woodville-West Torrens in the SANFL and represented South Australia at national championships at under 18 level . They were drafted by the Richmond Tigers in the 2017 rookie draft , made their AFL debut in round 15 , 2017 and was traded to the Adelaide Crows in the 2018 trade period . They were delisted by Adelaide prior to the 2021 AFL season , but proceeded to join the Geelong Cats in 2022 , winning the premiership with them that year .
Early life and junior football
Stengle was taken in by their grandmother , Debra , at the age of four after they and their brother were removed by the state from the care of their parents . They later lived with grandparents Emily and Cecil Betts after Debra died . They spent their teenage years in the northwestern Adelaide suburb of Ethelton where they completed secondary schooling at Le Fevre High School .
Stengle first played football for the local Portland Football Club at under 10s level . There they played in over 100 matches across their junior years .
As a teenager they were a member of 's Aboriginal AFL Academy .
Stengle played state-league football with Woodville-West Torrens in the South Australian National Football League . They played 10 matches for the reserves team in 2016 and kicked 22 goals , while they kicked 13 in nine matches with the club 's Under 18 team that same season . They were a member of the Eagles ' reserves Grand Final team in 2016 .
In 2016 they represented South Australia at the National Under 18 Championships . There they ranked second among all small-forwards for Champion Data ranking points per game . Stengle was also the fourth ranked of all South Australians by the same measure that tournament . They were labelled `` quick , creative , innovative and classy '' by The Age draft writer Emma Quayle for their performances in the championships . The Advertiser 's Andrew Capel said Stengle possessed `` brilliant skills , blistering pace and a love of tackling and applying ferocious forward pressure . '' Stengle recorded a top 10 score in the goalkicking test at the national draft combine in 2016 .
AFL career
Richmond ( 2017–2018 )
Stengle was drafted by with the club 's first pick and the sixth selection overall in the 2017 AFL rookie draft .
Stengle played in the early part of the 2017 season with Richmond 's reserves side in the VFL . They were a key forward-line player for the side , kicking 13 goals in their first eight matches .
They were upgraded to the club 's senior list in June 2017 . They made their AFL debut two weeks later in Richmond 's round 15 win over at the Adelaide Oval where they kicked two goals in the match . They played again the following match but was omitted from the team 's round 17 side to play the week after . From there they returned to the club 's reserves side , playing with the team through to their finals campaign . There they played in each of their three victories , and in the team 's losing grand final against Port Melbourne . Stengle finished the 2017 season having played two matches and kicked two goals at senior level . They also played 19 matches in the reserves and kicked 33 goals , good for the second most at the club and sixth most in the league .
In February 2018 Stengle was selected alongside most of the club 's younger players to represent Richmond at the Sydney tournament of the AFLX exhibition series . They started the season-proper with the club 's reserves side , but was immediately impressive at that level with a 20 disposal and three-goal game in round 1 . By round 5 they were named as an emergency for the AFL team , but ultimately went unselected at the top level . In mid-May Stengle turned in a three-goal third quarter during a VFL match with North Melbourne that saw them again named an AFL emergency the next week . They began playing limited midfield minutes in VFL matches from June , adding positional versatility to their predominantly forward-line role . In mid-July Stengle turned in their best performance of the year to-date , kicking a bag of six goals while gathering 24 disposals in Richmond 's VFL win over North Melbourne . For that performance they were noted by head coach Damien Hardwick as one of the club 's best VFL performers , but went again un-selected for senior football . To that point they had played 13 matches at the lower level for a total of 26 goals , the most for any Richmond player and the sixth most of any player in that league . Two weeks later Stengle suffered a minor ankle injury while playing in a VFL match against . They missed the second half of the match due to the injury as well as one further match while rehabilitating the injury . Stengle finished the home and away VFL season with 33 goals , good for eighth most of any player in the league . They did not add to that tally in the VFL finals series however when Richmond 's reserves side were eliminated following consecutive losses to and . They won the club 's reserves goal-kicking medal for their 33 goals over 19 matches in the VFL , but failed to earn an AFL match in 2018 .
In the off-season that followed Stengle became the focus of trade speculation , with an AFL Media report in mid-September claiming that they were delaying acceptance of a two-year contract extension at Richmond while weighing up rival interest from . Less than a week out from the beginning of the trade period , Stengle requested a trade to Adelaide citing a lack of AFL-level opportunity during their time at Richmond .
Adelaide ( 2018–2020 )
On the penultimate day of the 2018 trade period Stengle was traded to in exchange for a 4th round draft selection in pick 68 .
Stengle 's career with the Adelaide Football Club ended when they were delisted on 17 March 2021 prior to the 2021 AFL season as a result of a settlement relating to off-field incidents .
2021
In 2021 Stengle returned to their original club , the Woodville West Torrens Eagles where they played a major role in their back to back SANFL premiership , which underpinned a possible return to the AFL for 2022 .
On 5 November 2021 Stengle signed with as delisted free agent .
Geelong ( 2022– )
After receiving a lifeline by Geelong at the end of 2021 , Stengle made their club debut in Round 1 vs Essendon , kicking a career-high four goals . They cemented their spot in the side for the season , playing all 22 games and kicking 46 goals during the home and away season , finishing 12th in the Coleman Medal in their first year at Geelong . Stengle was selected as a forward pocket in the 2022 All-Australian team , along with fellow Geelong player Tom Hawkins .
Statistics
Updated to the end of the 2022 season .
|-
| 2017 || || 44
| 2 || 2 || 1 || 11 || 5 || 16 || 4 || 4 || 1.0 || 0.5 || 5.5 || 2.5 || 8.0 || 2.0 || 2.0 || 0
|-
| 2018 || || 44
| 0 || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || — || –
|-
| 2019 || || 17
| 2 || 5 || 1 || 14 || 3 || 17 || 5 || 7 || 2.5 || 0.5 || 7 || 1.5 || 8.5 || 2.5 || 3.5 || 0
|-
| 2020 || || 18
| 12 || 8 || 9 || 66 || 51 || 117 || 20 || 25 || 0.7 || 0.8 || 5.5 || 4.3 || 9.8 || 1.7 || 2.1 || 0
|-
| scope=row bgcolor=F0E68C | 2022 # || || 18
| 25 || 53 || 27 || 247 || 114 || 361 || 82 || 64 || 2.1 || 1.1 || 9.9 || 4.6 || 14.4 || 3.3 || 2.6 || 6
|- class=sortbottom
! colspan=3 | Career
! 41 ! ! 68 ! ! 38 ! ! 338 ! ! 173 ! ! 511 ! ! 111 ! ! 100 ! ! 1.7 ! ! 0.9 ! ! 8.2 ! ! 4.2 ! ! 12.5 ! ! 2.7 ! ! 2.4 ! ! 6
| }
Notes
Honours and achievements
Team
McClelland Trophy ( ) : 2018
McClelland Trophy ( ) : 2022
AFL premiership player ( ) : 2022
Individual
All-Australian team : 2022
Family
Stengle is nephew to former Sydney Swans forward Michael O'Loughlin . They are also related to former AFL players Eddie Betts , Ricky O'Loughlin and Terry Milera .
Legal issues
On 17 April 2020 , Stengle was reported for drunk driving after being stopped by police in Adelaide 's south-western suburbs . They were caught driving an unregistered car and subsequently recorded a blood alcohol reading of 0.125 . Adelaide Football Club responded by suspending them for 4 AFL matches ( rounds 2 to 5 ) and fining them $ 2,500 . The case went before the Adelaide Magistrates Court at 10 am on 31 August 2020 , but they declined compulsory attendance , choosing instead to attend a Crows training session . The matter was rescheduled for October .
Subsequently , at 5:15 am on 28 September 2020 , police stopped a taxi containing Stengle and ex-Crows teammate Brad Crouch and found an illicit drug , understood to be cocaine . Both men issued apologies .
The AFL investigated and found the pair guilty of 'conduct unbecoming ' . Crouch was suspended for 2 matches , and Stengle for 4 ( a greater penalty for their second offence ) . With their season already complete , these bans came into effect at the beginning of the 2021 season .
SA Police chose not to charge Stengle and Crouch over the drug bust , instead referring them to counselling under a drug diversion program . On 23 October 2020 , Stengle pleaded guilty to their drink driving charge in the Adelaide Magistrates Court . They were fined a total of $ 1,671 ( $ 900 drink driving , $ 300 unlicensed , $ 471 unregistered ) and had their 6-month driving licence suspension extended by a day .
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Woodville-West Torrens Football Club players
Richmond Football Club players
Adelaide Football Club players
Geelong Football Club players
Indigenous Australian players of Australian rules football
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
The South Orange Open , formerly known as the Eastern Grass Court Championships , is a defunct Grand Prix affiliated tennis tournament played from 1970 to 1983 . It was held in South Orange , New Jersey in the United States and played on outdoor grass courts from 1970-1974 , and then played on outdoor clay courts from 1975 to 1983 . There were men 's and women 's singles tournaments , as well as men 's , women 's , and mixed doubles .
Ilie Năstase was the most successful player at the tournament , winning the singles competition three times on two different surfaces and the doubles competition twice with American Jimmy Connors .
Results
Men 's singles
Men 's doubles
References
ATP Results Archive
External links
Orange Lawn Tennis Club 1880–1980 ( Part 2 )
Hard court tennis tournaments in the United States
Grass court tennis tournaments
Clay court tennis tournaments
Defunct tennis tournaments in the United States
Grand Prix tennis circuit
Tennis tournaments in New Jersey
1970 establishments in New Jersey
Recurring sporting events established in 1970
1983 disestablishments in New Jersey
South Orange , New Jersey
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 1983
South Orange Open
Sami Hilmy al-Hinnawi ( ; 1898 – 31 October 1950 ) was a Syrian politician and military officer .
Life
On December 19 , 1949 , Shishakli carried out a coup d'état ( the third that year ) , strengthening their dictatorship . On October 31 , 1950 , al-Hinnawi was murdered in Beirut , Lebanon , by Hersho al-Barazi , a cousin of Muhsin al-Barazi , the Prime Minister who was overthrown and killed in Hinnawi 's coup .
References
Further reading
1898 births
1950 deaths
Chiefs of Staff of the Syrian Army
Politicians from Beirut
Syrian people murdered abroad
Syrian Social Nationalist Party politicians
Jaffa Light ( ) is a lighthouse in Jaffa , Tel Aviv , Israel . It is located on a hilltop above the old Jaffa Port , in the historical part of the city . It operated between 1865 and 1966 , although now deactivated it is still used as a daylight navigation aid .
History
Jaffa Light was built by French engineers in 1865 . It was constructed as part of operations carried out by the Ottoman authorities to improve the port facilities , mainly due to the increase in export of citrus fruit , and especially oranges , the well known `` Jaffa oranges '' .
The lighthouse keeper from 1875 was an Armenian who came from Jerusalem . They were trained by the same French company who built the lighthouse . Around 1938 their son was trained by the same French company and replaced him , probably as result of the lighthouse being rebuilt . Their grandson , Abu George , was the `` technician '' , responsible for keeping the lamp lit . The son was the official keeper until the lighthouse was shut down in 1966 .
In 1936 the British expanded the port and rebuilt the lighthouse . The light source used in this lighthouse was a Carbide lamp .
In 1965 the Port of Ashdod was built , replacing Jaffa Port . In 1966 the glass optic was taken to be used in the Ashdod Light , and the lighthouse was deactivated . Jaffa Port become a small craft port .
The lighthouse appeared on a stamp issued on 26 November 2009 in Israel .
See also
List of lighthouses in Israel
References
Lighthouses completed in 1865
Lighthouses completed in 1936
Lighthouses in Israel
Buildings and structures in Tel Aviv
Old Jaffa
`` Running Up That Hill '' , titled `` Running Up That Hill ( A Deal with God ) '' on some releases , is a song by the English singer and songwriter Kate Bush . It was released in the United Kingdom as the lead single from Bush 's album Hounds of Love on 5 August 1985 by EMI Records . The lyrics imagine a scenario in which a man and a woman make `` a deal with God '' to exchange places . Bush wrote and produced `` Running Up That Hill '' using a Fairlight CMI synthesiser and a LinnDrum drum machine .
Upon its original release , `` Running Up That Hill '' reached number three on the UK Singles Chart and number 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States , and was Bush 's first US Top 40 hit . Bush first performed it live in 1987 at the Secret Policeman 's Third Ball , accompanied by Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour ; they did not perform it again until their 2014 Before the Dawn concerts . Other appearances were promotional lip synced television performances , which were common at the time .
In 2012 , a remix of the song featuring newly recorded vocals premiered during that year 's Summer Olympics closing ceremony , and entered the UK top 10 for one week , at number six .
In 2022 , `` Running Up That Hill '' received renewed attention when it was featured in the fourth season of the Netflix series Stranger Things . Its appearance led to the song 's resurgence on charts around the world , topping the charts in eight countries , including the United Kingdom for three consecutive weeks , Ireland for seven consecutive weeks and Australia for nine non-consecutive weeks . The song also reached a new peak of number three on the Billboard Hot 100 .
Writing and recording
`` Running Up That Hill '' was the first song Bush composed for their fifth album , Hounds of Love ( 1985 ) . They wrote it in a single evening at their home , and recorded the first version with the engineer Del Palmer , using a Fairlight CMI synthesiser and a LinnDrum drum machine . The main riff was played on the Fairlight using its sampled cello sound . Bush , Palmer and the engineers Paul Hardiman and Haydn Bendall built upon this version to develop the final song , spending particular time on the Fairlight part .
Bush said the lyrics address the inability of men and women to understand each other . They imagined that by making `` a deal with God '' , they could exchange places and reach a greater understanding . The song was originally titled `` A Deal with God '' , but representatives at EMI Records feared this would make it unpopular in more religious countries . The album version of the song is listed as `` Running Up That Hill ( A Deal with God ) '' .
Music video
The music video features Bush performing an interpretive dance with dancer Michael Hervieu . The video was directed by David Garfath while the dance routines were choreographed by Diane Grey . Bush and Hervieu are shown wearing grey Japanese hakamas . Bush wanted the dancing in `` Running Up That Hill '' to be more of a classical performance . They stated that dance in music videos was `` being used quite trivially , it was being exploited : haphazard images , busy , lots of dances , without really the serious expression , and wonderful expression , that dance can give . So we felt how interesting it would be to make a very simple routine between two people , almost classic , and very simply filmed . So that 's what we tried , really , to do a serious piece of dance . ''
The choreography draws upon contemporary dance with a repeated gesture suggestive of drawing a bow and arrow ( the gesture was made literal on the cover for the single in which Bush poses with a real bow and arrow ) , intercut with surreal sequences of Bush and Hervieu searching through crowds of masked strangers . At the climax of the song , Bush 's partner withdraws from them and the two are then swept away from each other and down a long hall in opposite directions by an endless stream of anonymous figures wearing masks made from pictures of Bush and Hervieu 's faces . MTV chose not to show this video ( at the time of its original release ) and instead used a playback `` live '' performance of the song recorded at a promotional appearance on the BBC TV show Wogan . According to Paddy Bush , `` MTV were n't particularly interested in broadcasting videos that did n't have synchronized lip movements in them . They liked the idea of people singing songs . ''
2012 remix
On 12 August 2012 , Bush released a new version , `` Running Up That Hill ( A Deal with God ) '' , via their Fish People label . Subtitled '2012 Remix ' , it uses the backing track of the extended version of the 1985 12-inch single , over which new lead vocals were recorded . The track was transposed down a semitone to fit Bush 's current lower vocal range . The new version was premiered during the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony . Bush did not appear herself , but the recording was featured in a section of the closing ceremony , after the entry of athletes and prior to the presentation of the medals for the Marathon . The track set the theme to a dance performance , where a 'hill ' or pyramid was gradually assembled by the dancers from giant white blocks , representing each of the Olympic events . The performance was not shown in the United States NBC coverage due to time constraints and tape delay issues .
The track is included in the official soundtrack album of the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony A Symphony of British Music : Music for the Closing Ceremony of the London 2012 Olympic Games . On 19 August the remix entered the UK charts at number 6 . It was Bush 's return to the top ten after nearly seven years , following `` King of the Mountain '' in 2005 .
Impact and legacy
In a retrospective review , AllMusic journalist Amy Hanson wrote : `` Always adept at emotion and beautifully able to manipulate even the most bitter of hearts , rarely has Bush penned such a brutally truthful , painfully sensual song . ''
In 1985 the song was ranked number 3 among the `` Tracks of the Year '' by NME .
`` Running Up That Hill '' was used as the theme song for the 1986 BBC 1 children 's drama serial Running Scared .
The song was nominated for British Single of the Year at the 1986 Brit Awards .
In 2018 it was featured in the pilot episode of the drama series Pose .
In 2019 , the song was featured in the ninth episode of the third season of the Netflix original series GLOW .
In 2021 the song was listed at number 60 in [ [ Rolling Stone 's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time|Rolling Stone '' 's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time ] ] .
In 2022 the song was included in the list `` The story of NME in 70 ( mostly ) seminal songs '' , at number 25 .
As of 16 June 2022 the single has sold 771,568 copies in the United Kingdom after 1994 , with 165,762 of those sales in 2022 .
Stranger Things and 2022 chart resurgence
`` Running Up That Hill '' gained renewed attention in May 2022 after it was featured in the fourth season of the Netflix series Stranger Things , including as a key diegetic piece used during a dramatic scene , being an important element in the plot , and as a recurring fixture of the soundtrack . Bush had rarely allowed their songs to be licensed , but agreed because they were a fan of the show . Following the premiere , Spotify revealed streams for the song increased by 9,900 % in the United States .
On the UK Singles Chart dated 3 June 2022 , the single re-entered the top 10 at number eight , reaching number two the following week . Chart analyst James Masterton of Chart Watch opined that `` Running Up That Hill '' could reach number one , but because it was an older song re-entering the chart , the Official Charts Company 's accelerated chart ratio ( ACR ) rule meant that its 700,000 per day streams were halved when factored in for the chart and counted for less than the 400,000 streams per day for that week 's number one , `` As It Was '' by Harry Styles . Bush 's record label EMI made an official request to suspend the ACR rule for `` Running Up That Hill '' given the song 's continued popularity and sales on streaming charts , which was enacted by the Chart Supervisory Committee over the weekend of 11 June 2022 . `` Running Up That Hill '' reached number one on the UK Singles Chart dated 17 June 2022 and was Bush 's first number one since `` Wuthering Heights '' in 1978 . On 1 July 2022 , the song charted at number one for a third week in Ireland and the United Kingdom . The song also reached number one in Australia , Belgium , Ireland , Lithuania , Luxembourg , New Zealand , Sweden , and Switzerland .
In the United States , `` Running Up That Hill '' re-entered the Billboard Hot 100 on the chart dated 11 June 2022 at number eight , an improvement on the single 's initial 1985 peak of number 30 and also becoming Bush 's highest charting single on the Hot 100 to date . The song reached number four the following week and has since peaked at number three . The song also charted on Billboard 's rock charts , and peaked at number one on both Hot Alternative Songs and Hot Rock & Alternative Songs and debuted at number 26 on the Alternative Airplay chart , Bush 's first entry on the latter chart since `` Rubberband Girl '' in January 1994 .
An orchestral remix of the song that interpolated the series ' main theme was used in a trailer for the second part of the fourth season , as well as in the season finale `` The Piggyback '' .
Track listing and formats
Personnel
Kate Bush – vocals , Fairlight CMI
Alan Murphy – guitar
Del Palmer – bass guitar , LinnDrum programming
Stuart Elliott – drums
Paddy Bush – balalaika
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Notable cover versions and remixes
1990s–2000s
Trance and house music act Elastic Band 's version reached number one on RPM 's Canadian Dance Chart in September 1994 .
Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation covered the song in 2003 . The version debuted at number 9 on the Dutch charts on 17 May 2003 . It peaked at number 7 a week later . This version of the song also managed to enter the charts in Austria , Belgium , Germany , and Switzerland .
In that same year , British alternative rock band Placebo covered the song as the first track of their Covers album . After being used for the fourth-season premiere of The O.C. , the song received much attention in both the US and the UK , peaking at No . 44 on the UK Singles Chart .
In 2007 , the American electronic band Chromatics released a dark , synth-wave cover of the song on their album Night Drive .
2010s–2020s
American alternative music artist Meg Myers released a cover of the song on 6 March 2019 . Them version reached number one on both the Billboard Rock Airplay chart and the Alternative Songs chart in January 2020 .
Italian techno producer and DJ Matteo Milleri from Tale of Us under their stage name Anyma released a version of `` Running Up That Hill '' simply titled `` Running '' on 8 December 2021 , which is based on Myers ' recording of the song .
In 2022 , Astrid Jorgensen arranged `` Running Up That Hill '' for Pub Choir . The cover was praised by Kate Bush as `` utterly , utterly wonderful ! `` .
The German singer Kim Petras released a cover for Amazon Music 's `` Proud '' playlist , made for Pride Month in June 2022 . Them cover has been called more overtly 80s and less sultry than the Chromatics version . Petras ' version charted at # 100 on the UK Singles chart . Petras officially released the cover on other streaming services on 2 September 2022 , after the song reached 20 million streams on Amazon Music .
British singer Rita Ora included a cover of the song during their setlist at the Rock in Rio music festival in September 2022 , mashing it up with their own hit `` For You '' . The performance was met with scathing reviews from critics and the general public , some of which accused Ora of `` over-singing '' and missing the message behind the song entirely , only performing it because of its recent popularity from its use in the Netflix series Stranger Things '' . Words used to describe the rendition include `` dreadful '' , `` ghastly '' , `` deranged '' , `` a massacre '' , `` awful '' , `` chaotic '' , and `` disrespectful '' . Ora 's vocal performance also drew comparisons to Fergie 's infamously panned rendition of `` The Star-Spangled Banner '' at the 2018 NBA All-Star Game .
References
1985 songs
1985 singles
2003 singles
2012 singles
2022 singles
Kate Bush songs
Within Temptation songs
Kim Petras songs
Fiction about body swapping
Songs written by Kate Bush
British synth-pop songs
British new wave songs
EMI Records singles
Children 's television theme songs
Number-one singles in Australia
Number-one singles in Belgium
Number-one singles in New Zealand
Number-one singles in Sweden
Number-one singles in Switzerland
Billboard Global 200 number-one singles
Billboard Global Excl . U.S. number-one singles
Irish Singles Chart number-one singles
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
{ { safesubst : # invoke : RfD|||month = August
|day = 24
|year = 2022
|time = 17:01
|timestamp = 20220824170144
|content=
REDIRECT Night Call
} }
This is a list of galleries , libraries , archives and museums in the State of Goa , India .
Galleries
Archaeological Museum and Portrait Gallery , Old Goa
Institute Menezes Braganza/Instituto Vasco da Gama , Panjim
Kala Academy , Panjim
Sunaparanta , Goa Centre for the Arts
Libraries
Bookworm Children 's Library , Taleigao
Dr Francisco Luis Gomes District Library , Navelim
Goa State Central Library
Goa University Library , Taleigao
Goa Chambers of Commerce and Industry Library , Near Azad Maidan , Panjim
Goa Engineering College Library , Farmagudi , Ponda
Goa Legislative Assembly Library , Alto-Porvorim
Gomantak Marathi Academy , Porvorim
Institute Menezes Braganza Library , Panjim
Kala Academy Library , Panjim
Archives
Xavier Centre of Historical Research , Alto Porvorim
Archdiocese of Goa , Altinho , Panjim/Panaji
Museums
Archaeological Museum and Portrait Gallery , Old Goa
Ashvek Vintage World , Nuvem
Big Foot Museum , Loutolim
Goa Chitra Museum , Benaulim
Goa Science Centre , Panaji
Goa State Museum , Panaji
Museum of Christian Art , Old Goa
Museum of Goa , Pilerne
Naval Aviation Museum ( India ) , Vasco da Gama
References
External links
Report of launch of GLAM project in Goa
Audio recording of the launch of the GLAM project in Goa
Galleries , Libraries , Museums and Archives
Galleries , Libraries , Museums and Archives in Goa
Galleries , Libraries , Museums and Archives
Goa
Galleries , Libraries , Museums and Archives
Galleries , Libraries , Museums and Archives
Lists of tourist attractions in Goa
Gerald S. Gidwitz ( July 16 , 1906 – July 11 , 2006 ) was a co-founder of the cosmetics and salon parlour firm Helene Curtis Industries .
Early life
Gidwitz was born in Memphis , Tennessee . Their father was a cotton farmer and general store owner in Mississippi . When Gidwitz was 12 years old , their family moved to Chicago , Illinois , where their father started a business that made paper boxes .
Helene Curtis
After graduating from the University of Chicago in 1927 , Gidwitz worked at National Minerals Company with their brother , Willard . The Gidwitzes father had acquired the troubled beauty products company in settlement of a debt National Minerals owed the Gidwitz box company .
National Minerals ' main product was a clay for beauty facials . Gerald and Willard Gidwitz helped refocus the company 's product line toward beauty parlor supplies , including permanent wave solutions and hair dryers . In the late 1940s the company began marketing home beauty products , including shampoos and hair sprays . The company 's first consumer product was a hair cream marketed under the Suave label .
National Minerals was renamed Helene Curtis Industries in 1956 , when the company went public . Willard Gidwitz ran day-to-day operations , while Gerald Gidwitz focused on acquisitions and creating other companies . Gerald served as chairperson of the company from 1952 to 1996 , when it was bought by Unilever .
Gidwitz also founded or acquired companies in other economic sectors . In the 1980s they launched a company providing building supplies , Continental Materials Corporation . They also bought two companies that manufactured farm equipment .
Political life
In the 1950s Gidwitz founded the anti-communist Education for Survival Foundation , which had the aim of making `` every school district in the nation aware of the grim fact that we are engaged in a battle of the classroom with Russia . ''
During the Cold War , Gidwitz supported groups that assisted defectors from Soviet bloc countries . In 1962 , they launched a monthly `` Cold War digest '' that provided information on military , political and technological aspects of the Cold War .
Gidwitz served on the board of Roosevelt University . Gidwitz funded literacy programs through Roosevelt University and worked with the National Planning Association , which creates programs to improve education and promote literacy . During the 1940s , they set up after-hours classes for workers at Helene Curtis .
In 2002 , Gidwitz gave a grant to National-Louis University to create the Gidwitz Center for Urban Planning and Community Development .
They died on July 11 , 2006 of congestive heart failure , five days shy of their 100th birthday .
References
Fornek , Scott . ( 2006 , July 12 ) . Built Helene Curtis into $ 1 bil . business . The Chicago Sun-Times
Associated Press . ( 2006 , July 14 ) . Gerald Gidwitz , 99 , Helene Curtis Founder . The New York Times , p. C9
Jensen , Trevor . ( 2006 , July 15 ) . Gerald Gidwitz , 99 ; Helped Start Cosmetics Maker Helene Curtis . The Los Angeles Times
1906 births
2006 deaths
University of Chicago alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
Harman Blennerhassett ( 8 October 1765 – 2 February 1831 ) was an Anglo-Irish lawyer , a member of the Society of United Irishmen who emigrated in advance of their rebellion in 1798 to become a socially and politically distinguished plantation owner in western Virginia . Implicated in the Burr conspiracy , an alleged military plot with Britain to separate Louisiana territory from the American union , they were twice arrested and financially ruined . Their last years were spent in England .
Life
They were born in Hampshire , England , to Conway Blennerhassett and their wife , Elizabeth Lacy . They were the grandson of Conway Blennerhassett and the great-great-grandson of Captain Robert Blennerhassett . At the age of two , they returned to the family 's home in County Kerry , Ireland , a 7,000-acre estate called Castle Conway . As an adolescent , they were sent to Westminster School in London , and in 1784 entered the Middle Temple of London 's famous Inns of Court . In 1790 , they were graduated from Trinity College , Dublin with a Bachelor of Laws , and started their practice at the Irish bar . Blennerhassett visited Paris in 1790 ; inherited the family estate in 1792 ; joined the secret Society of United Irishmen in 1793 , which initially dedicated itself to reform , but later turned militantly radical ; and in 1794 married Margaret Agnew , daughter of their sister Catherine and Major Robert Agnew , a career officer in the British army .
Chiefly to escape involvement in the United Irishmen 's planned rebellion against British rule , but also to conceal their incestuous marriage , Blennerhassett emigrated to the United States in 1796 . There , on the western Virginia frontier , they bought the upper half of an Ohio River island lying 1 1/2 miles downstream from what is now Parkersburg , West Virginia . It became the site of a European-style estate whose centerpiece was an enormous mansion surrounded by extravagantly landscaped lawns and gardens . For a brief period , the Blennerhassetts ' home became famous as the largest , most beautiful private residence in the American West .
The most distinguished of the Blennerhassetts ' many visitors was the former vice president of the United States , Aaron Burr . Their three stays on the island resulted in its becoming headquarters for their mysterious 1806–1807 military expedition to the Southwest , an alleged scheme to separate Louisiana territory from the American union with the assistance of the British .
As the result of the president 's call for the arrest of Burr , Blennerhassett , and their ca . 70 followers , the mansion and island were occupied and plundered in December 1806 by local Virginia militia . Blennerhassett fled , was twice arrested , and finally imprisoned in the Virginia state penitentiary . They were only released following Burr 's acquittal at the end of a long 1807 treason trial at Richmond , Virginia . The Blennerhassetts never returned to their island home , which in 1811 was destroyed by fire .
Now forced to earn a living for themselves and family , Blennerhassett first settled on a cotton plantation near Port Gibson , Mississippi , where they lost what was left of their once large fortune . Thereafter they unsuccessfully attempted to practice law in Montreal , Lower Canada ( 1819–1822 ) , and eventually returned to Europe ( 1824 ) . Here they initially lived with their family at Bath , England , but later relocated in the Channel Islands where they died in 1831 .
The Blennerhassetts ' island mansion was reconstructed 1984–1991 by the State of West Virginia , which now operates the site as a state park , Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park .
See also
Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park
Margaret Agnew Blennerhassett
Notes
References
Attribution
Endnotes :
Hickson 's Selections from Old Kerry Records , 1872 ;
Reports of Trial of Colonel Aaron Burr , late President of the United States ;
Safford 's Life of Harman Blennerhasset , 1853 ;
Safford , The Blennerhasset Papers , embodying the Private Journal of Harman Blennerhasset . 1864 .
Sources
Burke , Michael . `` A Chronicle of the Life of Harman Blennerhassett . '' West Virginia Historical Society Quarterly Vol . XIII , No . 1 , January 1999 . West Virginia Historical Society
Swick , Ray . `` Harman Blennerhassett : Irish Aristocrat and Frontier Entrepreneur . '' Essays In History . Volume 14 , ( 1968–1969 ) The History Club Corcoran Department of History , University of Virginia , pp . 51–71.blennerhassett.net Accessed 6 September 2007
Swick , Ray . `` Aaron Burr 's Visit to Blennerhassett Island '' , West Virginia History A Quarterly Vol . XXXV , No . 3 , April 1974 .
Swick , Ray . An Island Called Eden : The Story of Harman and Margaret Blennerhassett ( Parkersburg , West Virginia : Parkersburg Printing Company , 2000 ) Printed for Blennerhassett Island Historical State Park .
External links
Official Blennerhassett Island and Museum Homepage
Articles on the Blennerhassetts
Blennerhassett papers
1765 births
1831 deaths
Irish emigrants to the United States ( before 1923 )
Politicians from Parkersburg , West Virginia
People from County Kerry
American planters
Blennerhassett Island
Members of the Middle Temple
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
People educated at Westminster School , London
United Irishmen
18th-century Anglo-Irish people
Harman
Francis Tattegrain ( 11 October 1852 , Péronne - 1 January 1915 , Arras ) was a French Naturalist painter .
Biography
They were born into a family with a long history in the legal profession . Their father , President of the Court of Amiens , allowed them to study painting on the promise that they would also study law , which they did , eventually earning a doctorate .
Their interest in art originated in 1865 , when their parents built a summer cottage in the seaside village of Berck . This happened to be a favorite spot for the painter Ludovic-Napoléon Lepic . Encouraged by Lepic and their older brother , who had become a sculptor , they entered the Académie Julian in 1877 , where they studied under Jules Lefebvre and Gustave Boulanger . In 1879 , two of their works were presented at the Salon and they continued to exhibit regularly there until 1914 .
They later established a studio in Berck and specialized in maritime-related paintings . One of their favorite spots was Authie Bay and they became associated with group of painters known as the `` École de Wissant '' that gathered at the home of Henri and Marie Duhem . They became a Knight in the Légion d'honneur in 1889 and received numerous public commissions , including works for the awards ceremonies at the Exposition Universelle ( 1900 ) . Many of their works were published as postcards . They also did illustrations for works by Dumas and Rostand .
According to General Edmond Just Victor Boichut ( 1864-1941 ) , in their memoirs , Tattegrain died `` ... la palette à la main ... , au champ d'honneur , alors qu'il reconstituait , sous les obus , l'esquisse du beffroi d'Arras '' . ( palette in hand ... on the battlefield ... under fire , while sketching the belfry in Arras ) .
Streets were named after them in Amiens , Berck , and Péronne . A square in Boulogne-sur-Mer also bears their name , and a square is Paris is dedicated jointly to them and their brother Georges .
References
Further reading
Fernand Bertaux , `` Francis Tattegrain '' , in Les Artistes Picards , éditions Chevalier , Paris , 1894 .
Gaston-Louis and Patrick Wintrebert , `` Tattegrain '' , in Arras et l'art au XXe siècle , dictionnaire des peintres et sculpteurs , 1800-1914 , Arras , 1987
Joseph Uzanne , `` Francis Tattegrain '' , in Figures contemporaines , Album Mariani , vol.IV , Paris .
F. Barre , `` Francis Tattegrain peintre de la mer '' , in L'envol du pays de Somme , # 28 , March 1997 .
Claire Montaigne , Francis Tattegrain , exhibition catalog ( 2007 )
External links
Bénédicte Bonnet Saint-Georges , `` Le legs Tattegrain au musée de Berck '' , @ La Tribune de l'Art , 9 February 2012 .
Arcadja Auctions : More works by Tattegrain .
1852 births
1915 deaths
People from Péronne , Somme
French Realist painters
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
Académie Julian alumni
19th-century French male artists
The YGCO Chiyoda Station ( YGCO : Yamaneko Group of Comet Observers ) is an astronomical observatory based in Chiyoda , Gunma , Japan . It has Observatory code number 897 . One of its main tasks is to keep track of and survey near-Earth asteroids . It is maintained by the Yamaneko Group of Comet Observers .
Astronomical observatories in Japan
Boldraž ( ) is a small settlement north of the town of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia . The entire area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region .
Name
Boldraž was attested in written sources as Wodidraß in 1498 .
Cultural heritage
There is a small chapel in the village . It was built in the late 18th century .
References
External links
Boldraž on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Metlika
The Al Attar Business Tower is a 38-floor tower in Dubai , United Arab Emirates . The tower has a total structural height of 158 m ( 518 ft ) . It was built by South African construction contractor Murray & Roberts . The owner of this business tower is Al Attar Properties which did not deliver any of their promised project even after 10 years . They have been subject of extensive lawsuits by the investors .
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Dubai
List of the tallest buildings in the United Arab Emirates
Qatar Airways Inc
Dubai Shopping
http : //gulfnews.com/news/gulf/uae/housing-property/vue-de-lac-towers-towering-trouble-in-dubai-1.785450
https : //web.archive.org/web/20121114053950/http : //gulfnews.com/news/gulf/uae/housing-property/jlt-owners-still-waiting-for-homes-promised-in-2007-1.526478
http : //www.constructionweekonline.com/article-6698-disgruntled-investors-storm-rera-office/
References
External links
Al Attar Business Tower Official Site
Towers completed in 1999
Skyscraper office buildings in Dubai
1999 establishments in the United Arab Emirates
Eichhoffen station ( French : Gare d'Eichhoffen ) is a railway station serving the commune of Eichhoffen , Bas-Rhin department , France . The station is owned and operated by SNCF , in the TER Grand Est regional rail network and is served by TER trains .
It is located at kilometric point ( KP ) 14,892 on the Sélestat-Saverne railway between the stations of Epfig and Barr .
Services
The station is frequented by TER Grand Est train services between Strasbourg and Sélestat via Molsheim .
References
Railway stations in Bas-Rhin
Established in 1983 , St. Mary Armenian Apostolic Church is at church in Toronto , Ontario , Canada in the district of North York . It belongs to the Holy See of Cilicia .
History
Toronto 's Armenian Community Centre and A.R.S . Day School were opened in 1979 . The Holy See of the Catholicosate of Cilicia had no Armenian Church ; after a petition in 1983 , approval to found a new church was given by the Prelacy of Canada and Eastern United States .
Archimandrite Khajag Hagopian became the church 's first pastor when it was established in 1983 . Services were conducted at St. Augustine Anglican Church located on Bayview Ave. in Toronto until a new church was built .
The foundation was laid for the new church building in 1997 ; on May 27 , 1990 , the new building was consecrated and its first Holy Mass was celebrated . The Church was officially named St. Mary Armenian Apostolic Church .
In the spring of 2012 the church was renovated under the auspices of the Prelate of Canada , Archbishop Khajag Hagopian .
Pastors
St. Mary Armenian Apostolic Church has had ten Parish Priests since its establishment
Khajag Hagopian
( April 10 , 1983 - December 9 , 1994 )
Sarkis Hagopian was born in Syria on June 20 , 1946 . In 1968 they were ordained a celibate priest , being renamed Khajag . In 1981 Hagopian moved to New York ; in 1983 they became the first parish priest of the newly established St. Mary Armenian Apostolic Church in Toronto . After their term at St Mary 's they became a bishop in 1997 , and later an archbishop and Prelate of the Armenian Prelacy of Canada .
Shahe Panossian
( December 9 , 1994 - December 19 , 2002 )
Kevork Panossian was born May 6 , 1958 , in Kessab , Syria . They were ordained a celibate priest on February 17 , 1980 , and given the name Shahe . After being pastor of the Armenian All Saints Apostolic Church in Glenview , Illinois , US from 1989 , they became pastor of the Armenian Saint Mary Apostolic Church from 1994 to 2002 . They then moved to Lebanon , ultimately becoming Primate there .
Meghrig Parikian
( December 19 , 2002 - May 10 , 2014 )
Stepanos Pashayan
( November 3 , 2014 – January 7 , 2016 )
Kevork Pashayan was born in Beirut , Lebanon on April 13 , 1981 . In 1993 , they were admitted to the Great House of Cilicia Seminary . In 1998 , Archbishop Yeprem Tabakian ordained Kevork a Sub-Deacon . They were ordained a Deacon in 2000 , a celibate priest with name Father Stepanos in 2004 and a `` Doctor of the Church '' - Vartabed in 2009 . On November 3 , 2014 , Pashayan began serving as the parish priest at St. Mary 's Armenian Apostolic Church in Toronto , in the Armenian Prelacy of Canada , until appointed to serve as Dean of St. Gregory the Illuminator Armenian Apostolic Church in Caracas , Venezuela on January 7 , 2016 .
Keghart Kosbakian
( April 1 , 2016 - June 30 , 2019 )
Gomidas Panossian
( August 2012 - December 31 , 2018 )
Vartan Tashjian
( From July 1 , 2019 )
Datev Mikaelian
( From September 1 , 2019 )
References
External links
stmarytoronto.ca
Armenian Apostolic churches
Armenian-Canadian culture
Churches in Toronto
Oriental Orthodoxy in Canada
The 2017 FIBA Africa Champions Cup was the 32nd edition of the FIBA Africa Basketball Club Championship , the international basketball club tournament of FIBA Africa . The tournament was held in Radès , Tunisia from 11 to 20 December 2017 .
The Association Sportive de Salé from Morocco won their maiden title , and their country 's second title overall , by defeating Étoile de Radès of the host country , 77-69 , in the Finals .
Qualifiers
Draw
Preliminary round
All times are local ( UTC+1 ) .
Group A
Group B
Final round
9th-12th Classification
11th Place
9th Place
RD3
5th-8th Classification
Semifinals
7th Place
5th Place
3rd Place
Final
Final ranking
Awards
All-Star Five
Statistics
Statistics as of the ending of the season , including knock-out and classification games .
Individual statistical leaders
Individual game highs
References
FIBA Africa Clubs Champions Cup
2017 in African basketball
2017 in Tunisian sport
International basketball competitions hosted by Tunisia
FIBA Africa Clubs Champions Cup
The men 's +105 kilograms event at the 1998 Asian Games took place on 14 December 1998 at Thunder Dome , Maung Thong Thani Sports Complex .
Results
Legend
NM — No mark
Jaber Al-Ajmi of Kuwait originally finished 10th , but was disqualified after they tested positive for nandrolone .
References
Results
External links
Weightlifting Database
Weightlifting at the 1998 Asian Games
This list includes the historic houses , castles , abbeys , museums and other buildings and monuments in the care of Historic Environment Scotland ( HES ) . HES ( ) is a non-departmental public body of the Scottish Government , responsible for investigating , caring for and promoting Scotland 's historic environment . It maintains over 300 properties , that together attract more than 3 million visitors annually .
Aberdeen
Aberdeenshire
Angus
Argyll and Bute
Ayrshire
East Ayrshire
North Ayrshire
South Ayrshire
Clackmannanshire
Dumfries and Galloway
Dunbartonshire
East Dunbartonshire
West Dunbartonshire
Dundee
Edinburgh
Falkirk ( council area )
Fife
Glasgow
Highland ( council area )
Inverclyde
Lanarkshire
North Lanarkshire
South Lanarkshire
Lothian
East Lothian
Midlothian
West Lothian
Moray
Orkney Islands
Outer Hebrides
Perth and Kinross
Renfrewshire
Scottish Borders
Shetland
Stirling ( council area )
See also
List of Cadw properties ( Wales )
List of English Heritage properties
References
External links
Historic Environment Scotland - Visit a Place
Historic Environment Scotland
Historic Environment Scotland
Tilt test may refer to :
Tilt table test ; in medicine the medical procedure often used to diagnose dysautonomia or syncope
Bielschowsky 's head tilt test
Tilt test ( geotechnical engineering ) ; in geotechnical engineering , ground engineering , geotechnics
Tilt test ( vehicle safety test ) ; in vehicle testing
Batrachedra stenosema is a moth in the family Batrachedridae . It is found in Australia ( including New South Wales ) .
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1904
Suleiman Omar Kumchaya ( born 11 May 1952 ) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Lulindi constituency in the National Assembly of Tanzania since 2005 . They also worked as the president 's political advisor in the State House .
References
1952 births
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Lyton Levison Mphande ( born 14 May 1963 ) is a former Malawian lightweight and light-welterweight boxer . They received a bronze medal at the 1986 Commonwealth Games . They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics , where they defeated Jhapat Singh Bhujel of Nepal before losing to Anthony Mwamba of Zambia .
They finished in ninth place .
References
1963 births
Living people
Malawian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Malawi
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Lightweight boxers
Light-welterweight boxers
Boxers at the 1986 Commonwealth Games
Boxers at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Malawi
Commonwealth Games medallists in boxing
Cliff Branan ( born June 23 , 1961 ) is a former Republican member of the Oklahoma State Senate , representing District 40 from 2002 to 2014 . They previously served as Assistant Majority Floor Leader and as Majority Whip .
Branan was a Republican candidate for Oklahoma Corporation Commissioner in the 2014 elections .
Biography
Branan earned their B.B.A . in Finance from the University of Oklahoma in 1984 . Their professional experience includes working in the commercial real estate business and running Branan Property Company since 1995 .
References
1961 births
Living people
Oklahoma state senators
Oklahoma Republicans
University of Oklahoma alumni
Constituency PK-16 ( Lower Dir-IV ) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Summary
1 » Percentage of Votes Polled to Registered Voters
Elections 2013
General election were held on May 11 , 2013 in Pakistan . The total number of registered votes was 131,441 according to the Election Commission of Pakistan . The percentage of votes polled to registered voters was 32.65 % . Like previous elections women were intimidated from voting and only a few women voted . The following table shows the names of the candidates and their parties and the votes they secured in the elections .
Elections 2008
The winner of the General elections 2008 in this constituency was Zakir Ullah Khan . They were a candidate of the Pakistan Peoples Party Parliamentarians .
Elections 2002
The winner of the General elections 2002 in this constituency was Zakir Ullah Khan . They were a candidate of the Muttahidda Majlis-e-Amal Pakistan .
See also
Constituency PK-94 ( Lower Dir-I )
Constituency PK-95 ( Lower Dir-II )
Constituency PK-96 ( Lower Dir-III )
Constituency WR-16
References
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly constituencies
Xavier Gigandet ( born 15 August 1966 ) is a retired Swiss alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics .
External links
1966 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Juris Razgulajevs , sometimes spelled Yuri Razguliaiev , ( born March 20 , 1973 ) is a Canadian ice dancing coach and former competitor who represented the Soviet Union , Latvia , Uzbekistan , and Japan . They are the 1991 World Junior champion with partner Aliki Stergiadu for the Soviet Union .
Personal life
Razgulajevs was born on March 20 , 1973 in Riga , Latvia . They moved to the United States in 1995 and then to Canada in 1999 . Their wife is named Irina . Their son , Dmitre Razgulajevs , was born on November 19 , 1996 in Boston and competes in ice dancing for Canada . Their second son , Alexie , was born in 2000 and plays hockey .
Career
Partnership with Stergiadu
Early in their career , Razgulajevs competed with Aliki Stergiadu for the Soviet Union . Coached by Natalia Linichuk in Moscow , they won the 1991 World Junior Championships in Budapest , Hungary .
Stergiadu/Razgulajevs moved up to the senior level in the 1991–92 season . The Soviet Union having dissolved , they decided to compete for Latvia . They placed tenth at the 1992 World Championships in Oakland , California .
In the 1992–93 season , Stergiadu/Razgulajevs began representing Uzbekistan . They won a silver medal at the 1992 Piruetten in Hamar and finished tenth at the 1993 World Championships in Prague .
They were awarded bronze at the 1993 NHK Trophy in Chiba , Japan . In February 1994 , Stergiadu/Razgulajevs competed at the Winter Olympics in Lillehammer and finished 13th . Their last competition together was the 1994 World Championships in Chiba , where they placed 11th .
Later career
In 1995 , Razgulajevs relocated with Linichuk 's group to the United States . They teamed up with Nakako Tsuzuki to compete for Japan . They were coached by Natalia Dubova in Lake Placid , New York . They were two-time Japanese national champions and placed 16th at the 1996 World Championships . They parted ways at the end of the season .
Their next partner was Jenny Dahlen , with whom they competed for Latvia . They placed 24th at the 1997 World Championships and 22nd at the 1997 European Championships .
Razgulajevs retired from competitive skating in 1997 . They became an Assistant Director , coach and choreographer at the Scarboro Figure Skating Club in Ontario , Canada .
Results
With Stergiadu for the Soviet Union , Latvia and Uzbekistan
With Tsuzuki for Japan
With Dahlen for Latvia
References
Soviet male ice dancers
Latvian male ice dancers
Japanese male ice dancers
Uzbekistani male ice dancers
Figure skating coaches
Sportspeople from Riga
Olympic figure skaters of Uzbekistan
Figure skaters at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Living people
1973 births
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Latvian emigrants to Uzbekistan
Malcolm `` Mal '' `` Sammy '' Sampson ( 12 March 1940 – 10 October 2012 ) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s . They played at club level for Wakefield Trinity ( Heritage № 660 ) ( two spells ) , Hull F.C . and Bramley , as a , i.e . number 8 or 10 , during the era of contested scrums .
Background
Malcolm Sampson 's birth was registered in Lower Agbrigg , West Riding of Yorkshire , England , and they died aged 72 in Wakefield , West Yorkshire
Playing career
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Mal Sampson played right- , i.e . number 10 , and scored the first try in Wakefield Trinity 's 25-10 victory over Wigan in the 1963 Challenge Cup Final during the 1962–63 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 11 May 1963 , in front of a crowd of 84,492 .
Club career
Mal Sampson signed for Wakefield Trinity Juniors ( under 17s ) in 1956 , and made their début for Wakefield Trinity in the 31-6 victory over Huddersfield at Belle Vue , Wakefield in November 1959 , their third game came in the 20-10 victory over the 1959 Australian Kangaroo Tourists at Belle View , Wakefield . They had played 24 successive matches up to April 1960 when they were involved in a car crash in which they suffered a badly broken arm , they consequently missed the 1959–60 Challenge Cup Final ( being replaced by Leslie Chamberlain ) and the possibility to play for Great Britain in the 1960 Rugby League World Cup ( Great Britain 's World Cup s were ; Brian McTigue ( Wigan ) and colleague Jack Wilkinson ( Wakefield Trinity ) , complications to the broken arm meant they eventually made their comeback some 2½ years later , in November 1962 against Widnes at Naughton Park , Widnes , they finished the 1962–63 season with a try in the Challenge Cup Final , and is still the only Wakefield Trinity Forward to score a try at Wembley , they became Wakefield Trinity 's first ever league substitute against Halifax , at Thrum Hall , Halifax in September 1964 , they had a four-game loan period at Hull F.C . during the 1965–66 season , their last match for Wakefield Trinity was against York at Belle View , Wakefield in November 1966 , after which they signed for Bramley , they appear to have scored no drop-goals ( or field-goals as they are currently known in Australasia ) , but prior to the 1974–75 season all goals , whether ; conversions , penalties , or drop-goals , scored 2-points , consequently prior to this date drop-goals were often not explicitly documented , therefore ' 0 ' drop-goals may indicate drop-goals not recorded , rather than no drop-goals scored .
Genealogical information
Mal Sampson was the older brother of the rugby league footballer , and coach David Sampson , and uncle of the sprinter Denise Ramsden , rugby league footballer Dean Sampson , and rugby union and rugby league footballer Paul Sampson .
References
External links
Search for `` Sampson '' at rugbyleagueproject.org
Rugby League Final 1963
Photograph of the 1950/51 Old Saint Peters Junior School Rugby League Team - Malcolm Sampson Holding the Ball
( archived by archive.is ) Malcolm Sampson RIP at wakefieldwildcats.co.uk
Malcolm Sampson RIP at forums.rlfans.com
( archived by web.archive.org ) Stats → Past Players → S at hullfc.com
( archived by web.archive.org ) Statistics at hullfc.com
Obituary - Wakefield Express
1940 births
2012 deaths
Bramley RLFC players
English rugby league players
Hull F.C . players
Place of birth missing
Rugby league props
Rugby league players from Wakefield
Wakefield Trinity players
Black Steel Futsal Club Manokwari is an Indonesian professional futsal club based in Manokwari , West Papua , Indonesia . The club plays in the Indonesia Pro Futsal League .
Sponsor
Players
Current squad
Club Honours
National competitions
Pro Futsal League
Champions : 2016 , 2020
Runners-up : 2019 , 2021
Regional competitions
AFF Futsal Club
Third place : 2016
References
External links
Official website
Futsal clubs in Indonesia
Sport in Papua ( province )
Futsal clubs established in 2010
2010 establishments in Indonesia
Annie Othen is a journalist and broadcaster . They began working in commercial radio in 1983 , later joining the BBC in 1993 where they have presented both national and local radio shows . Annie has presented the mid-morning show on BBC Coventry and Warwickshire . In 2011 they were nominated for a Gillard radio award and again in 2013 .
Education
Blackdown High School , Leamington Spa .
Othen gained an honours degree at the University of Warwick in Sociology . Post-graduate studies in Education and associate degree in dance ( IDTA ) .
Early career
Othen started off in press and Public relations for Aga and Rangemaster . In an interview given in 2007 they explained how they got their first job in radio . Annie joined Mercia Sound in 1983 where they presented the late night show and afternoon shows . After Mercia they worked for a large number of commercial radio stations including launching Xtra Am , Heart FM , and Jazz FM .
TV career
Othen was an integral part of the launch team for the first Cable TV in the Midlands , Coventry Cable TV . Television reporting includes BBC Midlands Today .
Later career
Othen joined the BBC in 1993 , joining BBC WM at Pebble Mill . In 1998 and 1999 they broadcast on BBC Radio 2 presenting late night and early morning shows and has been a contributor to Radio 4 . With a keen interest in political journalism , notable interviews have made national headlines including the then Home Secretary Jack Straw and Prime Minister David Cameron . They presented the Annie Othen Show on BBC Coventry and Warwickshire broadcasting weekday mornings . Prior to that , they presented the Breakfast Show for six years . In 2011 , Annie won a Bronze Gillard award for 'best mid-morning show ' and in 2013 was a recipient of a Gold Gillard for radio Impact category . Othen remains a guest presenter on BBC Coventry and Warwickshire .
Othen regularly hosts the annual 'Carols at Warwick Castle ' event .
Other Work
Othen was lecturer in Radio Production and Journalism at Coventry University for a number of years . In March 2012 , they presented a Journalism Masterclass . They have also been guest lecturer at University of Warwick and lecturer in Radio Production and Presentation at Warwickshire College for sixteen years .
Othen also trained as a dancer and coached a team to the finals of BBC Come Dancing . They once performed for Omar Sharif
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
People from Leamington Spa
English broadcasters
Academics of Coventry University
Alumni of the University of Warwick
Hall of the Supreme Principle ( ) is one of the Six Western Palaces of the Forbidden City , which used to be residences of imperial concubines . The palace is western to the Palace of Eternal Longevity , northern to the Palace of Eternal Spring , southern to the Hall of Mental Cultivation . They are all found in Beijing , China .
History
The palace was built in 1420 and named `` Palace of Endless Good Omens '' ( ) by Jiajing Emperor in 1535 . The palace was renamed as `` Hall of Supreme Principle '' in 1741 . In 1860 , Taiji hall was connected with Changchun Palace by converting its rear Tiyuan hall into Opera stage with veranda , where Empress Dowager Cixi could watch Peking opera performances .
Hall of the Supreme principle has five rooms , two side halls and rear hall . The Qixiang gate are equipped with wooden screen believed to protect the house from mischievous spirits . The main hall has gabled roof covered with yellow glazed tiles like most palaces in Forbidden City . The beams are decorated with Suzhou style paintings , golden dragons and phoenixes . The walls are intricately decorated with medallions of phoenixes sitting on the mountain , untypically for other palaces .
Residents
Ming Dynasty
Qing Dynasty
Gallery
References
Beijing
Palaces
Forbidden City
`` In a Darkened Room '' is a song by Skid Row . It was a single from their second album , Slave to the Grind . The song was released in 1991 and written by bandmates Sebastian Bach , Rachel Bolan and Dave `` the Snake '' Sabo . The song only charted in Switzerland at number 27 .
The song features a music video .
Track listing
`` In a Darkened Room ''
`` Beggar 's Day ''
`` C'Mon and Love Me '' ( originally performed by KISS )
Charts
References
Skid Row ( American band ) songs
1991 singles
Songs written by Dave Sabo
Songs written by Rachel Bolan
Heavy metal ballads
Rock ballads
1991 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Marcelo Daniel Bauza ( born Argentina ) is a retired Argentine football ( soccer ) player , who played as a defender . Their son , Juan Bauza is also a footballer .
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Expatriate footballers in El Salvador
C.D . FAS footballers
Alianza F.C . footballers
Association football midfielders
MPDS , the MEDUSA Plant Design System ( since 2006 MPDS4 ) is a suite of plant engineering applications for 2D/3D layout , design and modelling of process plants , factories or installations . The system 's history is closely tied to the very beginnings of mainstream CAD and the research culture fostered by Cambridge University and the UK government as well as the resulting `` Cambridge Phenomenon '' MPDS was originally developed for 3D plant design and layout and piping design . Today the software includes modules for 2D/3D factory layout , process and instrumentation diagrams ( P & ID ) , mechanical handling systems design , steel design , ducting ( HVAC ) design , electrical design and hangers and supports Design . The latest version , MPDS4 5.2.1 , was released for Microsoft Windows and Sun Solaris in February 2014 .
History
MPDS ' history is tied in with the Computer-Aided Design Centre ( or CADCentre ) which was created in Cambridge in 1967 by the UK Government to carry out CAD research .
Famous British computer scientist Dr. Dick Newell worked there on a file-based macro language driven 3D plant design system called PDMS ( Plant Design Management System ) . Together with colleague Tom Sancha they left the CADCentre in 1977 to form a company called Cambridge Interactive Systems or CIS and primarily concentrated on 2D CAD . CIS had developed an electrical cabling solution initially called CABLOS , which was first purchased by Dowty Engineering in about 1979 . Another early adopter was BMW , which used the system for car wiring diagrams . CABLOS soon became known and sold as the MEDUSA drafting system under CIS . The proprietary programming language with which MEDUSA version 1 was developed was known as baCIS 1 . Around this time , the company also began developing its own 3D modelling kernel for MEDUSA .
Around 1980 , CIS partnered with Prime Computer , a U.S.-based computer hardware provider . Prime had an option on the MEDUSA source code should CIS ever fail . In 1983 the U.S. CAD company Computervision purchased CIS .
Computervision/CIS started developing the MEDUSA Plant Design System ( MPDS ) , the first plant design software based on a relational database . Developers knew from their prior experience with a file-based macro-language driven system that the next generation plant design system had to be built on a relational database and with a much more powerful programming language to handle large data volumes , complexity and relationships . Whereas mechanical CAD engineers were developing machinery with a few hundred or maybe a thousand components , plant design engineers typically needed to deal with hundreds of thousands of components . To facilitate this work , the baCIS 2 interpretive language and the MDB relational database were developed for MPDS . Existing MEDUSA technology was used to create the 2D and 3D geometric data required for plant layouts . The creation of this data-centric concept separated the 3D visualisation of a plant from the underlying database and allowed engineers to plan and design installations with very large volumes of data , and produce all the required 2D drawings from 3D plant designs .
The first MPDS sales date to around 1988 to NEI Parsons ( Northern Engineering Industries later became part of the Rolls-Royce Industrial Power Group ) . Courtaulds Engineering , which had been using MEDUSA since 1983 , was also an early MPDS adopter .
In the same year Prime Computer merged with Computervision and adopted the name Computervision to concentrate on software , due to declining hardware sales . MEDUSA continued to be developed throughout the 1990s in Cambridge , UK at Computervision 's R & D centre at Harston Mill .
In 1993 , the next generation of MEDUSA and MPDS was released . What would have been version 13 was released as MEDUSA NG and MPDS NG . They signified the shift from tablet-driven menus to a graphical user interface , although tablets could still be used on that release .
In 1994 Computervision closed its R & D facility in Cambridge , moving to Boston , Massachusetts . As a result , five former Computervision staff members and MEDUSA experts formed the company Quintic Ltd in Cambridge , which continued to provide MEDUSA and MPDS development and consultancy services to Computervision and the MEDUSA customer base . Work included the porting of MEDUSA NG to Microsoft Windows .
Note : The above does n't quite work . According to Companies House , Quintic Ltd was not actually formed until 27th February 2013 , 19 years after the Cambridge R & D facility closed .
In 1998 the American CAD company Parametric Technology Corporation ( PTC ) acquired Computervision . The development partnership between Quintic and Computervision transferred to PTC .
One of the largest MEDUSA user bases was in the heavily manufacturing-driven economy of Germany . CAD Schroer , a company founded in 1986 by Michael Schroer as a provider of CAD-based engineering services , became a MEDUSA vendor in 1988 , having used the software extensively on client projects . The company , which also provided add-on modules and customisations , had established a development relationship first with Computervision , then with PTC .
In 2001 , CAD Schroer acquired all rights to MEDUSA and MPDS from PTC . The development partnership between Quintic and CAD Schroer strengthened , as the two companies worked to create a Fourth Generation release of MEDUSA and MPDS . This included a complete overhaul of the functionality ; the development of a graphical user interface ( GUI ) based on the Qt ( framework ) technology , the development of data exchange mechanisms and interfaces with third party systems , and the porting to the Linux open-source operating system .
In 2005 , CAD Schroer acquired its development partner Quintic Ltd , gaining CAD development expertise that dates back to the days of CIS and Prime . CAD Schroer UK remains a software development centre in Cambridge , whose staff continue to develop and support MEDUSA4 and MPDS4 in partnership with CAD development experts at CAD Schroer GmbH in Moers , Germany .
In 2006 , CAD Schroer released the Fourth Generation of the MPDS plant design system , MPDS4 . Since then the company has continued to develop and extend the functionality of the product suite , including the development of a factory layout module for designing 3D factories based on 2D drawings .
Technical Description
Database Architecture
Multi-user engineering design in MPDS is relational database-driven . The project database can be deployed as a central design database or as a project-specific database and contains component catalogs with assigned component attributes . The database drives the design graphics as well as user administration and can be integrated with other database-driven systems , such as Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) system .
3D Graphics
MPDS combines use of the HOOPS 3D Graphics System with the relational database , whose catalog component attributes define the visual representation of each component . Because 3D plant models can be generated from catalog-based drawing routines , the demand on computer memory and resources is limited . Plants of hundreds of thousands of components can be designed , edited and exported to a compact .HSF format for external visual review . The system support varying display detail levels , allowing designers to visualise components either in great detail , visually simplified , or merely as an outline object in space , required for effective clash detection .
User Administration
Central user administration and access controls in MPDS allow Administrators to set up a variety of users who can work on a plant design simultaneously , and who can have different access privileges - limited , for example , to certain design disciplines or to certain areas within a plant . This is supported by integrated version and change management .
Quality Assurance
MPDS4 includes hard and soft clash detection , which can be applied to a whole project , to separate systems or between selected components . Consistency checking tools allow users to check work against specific design rules . Results can be passed to customisable reports , and components used in a design are automatically included in parts lists .
Modules
The MPDS4 Assembly Manager is at the core of the plant design and factory layout system , and can be extended with several user extensible and customizable modules covering plant engineering disciplines .
PIPING DESIGN MPDS4 PIPING DESIGN is an industrial piping design software add-on with extensive libraries of catalogue components to a variety of industrial standards , including DIN , ANSI and BS . Its routing tools are used for loading , positioning and replacing components , manually or automatically . The module supports P & ID-driven piping design and is pipe specification driven , so that only components from the same specification can be connected . MPDS4 PIPING DESIGN is fully integrated with ISOGEN ( from ALIAS Piping Solutions ) for automated piping isometric production .
P & ID P & ID is an application for creating intelligent process and instrumentation diagrams ; for data extraction , and for use of data to create and cross-check the 3D world . Design can be database-driven and based on existing parts lists . P & ID diagrams can be used to form the basis of 2D layouts and 3D designs , with the ability to cross-check P & IDs and automatically load P & ID components not yet included in a 3D plant design in the appropriate position .
FACTORY LAYOUT MPDS4 FACTORY LAYOUT is a hybrid 2D/3D design environment where 2D layouts or drawings are used as the basis of 3D designs . Height attributes added to 2D building plans are used to produce 3D buildings . Symbols used in a 2D layout are linked to 3D model files which are automatically generated when users switch to 3D . Other components or product specials can be modelled using a sheet-based modelling approach .
MATERIALS HANDLING MPDS4 MECHANICAL HANDLING is a design application with a series of configurable catalogs of mechanical materials handling components , which can be physically interconnected to form part of an industrial process . It includes catalogs of conveyor belts , cranes , fork lift trucks , industrial racking , and robots , and allows installation designers to select , lay out , configure , visualize and add intelligence to process machinery in a plant . The module also supports the controlled creation of product specials for materials handling .
STEEL DESIGN MPDS4 STEEL DESIGN is a module for constructing steel frames for buildings and equipment support . MPDS4 STEEL DESIGN includes catalogs of steel sections for many worldwide steel standards and allows users to design steel members , plates , stairs and ladders .
DUCTING DESIGN MPDS4 DUCTING DESIGN is a software module for routing HVAC , of differing sections , into a plant or factory . MPDS4 DUCTING DESIGN includes catalogs with different types of ducts , valves , fans and other supporting components .
ELECTRICAL DESIGN MPDS4 ELECTRICAL DESIGN is a design module for routing or connecting electrical systems with components throughout a plant , ship , or factory . The user extensible and customizable catalogs contain many different types of electrical and control systems , as well as cable trays , cable ducts and links , and other supporting components . Auto routing functionality finds the shortest cable route between two designated points . By adding a KVA ( kilovolt-ampere ) rating to selected components , users can analyze the required power rating of an entire network of connected instances and cables .
HANGERS & SUPPORTS DESIGN MPDS4 HANGERS & SUPPORTS DESIGN is a design application for accurately modelling supports between pipes and steelwork in a plant or installation .
ENGINEERING REVIEW MPDS4 ENGINEERING REVIEW is an application for conducting realistic engineering design reviews within the MPDS4 plant environment , visually presenting all of the plant project data . The module contains functionality for sectioning and setting transparency and allows users to define and generate movie-like walkthroughs of an installation .
REVIEW MPDS4 REVIEW is an external review application for users who do not have the MPDS4 plant design system installed . MPDS4 can generate .HSF ( Hoops format ) files of a plant design , which can be e-mailed to users of the MPDS4 REVIEW tool . They use the software to conduct interactive design reviews and walk-throughs , or present designs to third parties .
See also
PDMS
References
External links
CAD Schroer Web Pages
3D graphics software
Computer-aided design software
Computer-aided manufacturing software
Computer-aided design software for Linux
Science and technology in Cambridgeshire
The Lachal Bluffs ( ) are a group of rocky headlands located just south of Ufs Island and east of Howard Bay , and about west of Allison Bay , on the Mawson Coast of Mac . Robertson Land , Antarctica . They were mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition , 1936–37 , and named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for R. Lachal , an assistant cook at Mawson Station , who acted as a geological field assistant , 1965 .
References
Headlands of Mac . Robertson Land
In physics , the Painlevé conjecture is a theorem about singularities among the solutions to the n-body problem : there are noncollision singularities for n ≥ 4 .
The theorem was proven for n ≥ 5 in 1988 by Jeff Xia and for n=4 in 2014 by Jinxin Xue .
Background and statement
Solutions of the n-body problem ( where M are the masses and U denotes the gravitational potential ) are said to have a singularity if there is a sequence of times converging to a finite where . That is , the forces and accelerations become infinite at some finite point in time .
A collision singularity occurs if tends to a definite limit when . If the limit does not exist the singularity is called a pseudocollision or noncollision singularity .
Paul Painlevé showed that for n = 3 any solution with a finite time singularity experiences a collision singularity . However , they failed at extending this result beyond 3 bodies . Their 1895 Stockholm lectures end with the conjecture that
For n ≥ 4 the n-body problem admits noncollision singularities .
Development
Edvard Hugo von Zeipel proved in 1908 that if there is a collision singularity , then tends to a definite limit as , where is the moment of inertia . This implies that a necessary condition for a noncollision singularity is that the velocity of at least one particle becomes unbounded ( since the positions remain finite up to this point ) .
Mather and McGehee managed to prove in 1975 that a noncollision singularity can occur in the co-linear 4-body problem ( that is , with all bodies on a line ) , but only after an infinite number of ( regularized ) binary collisions .
Donald G. Saari proved in 1977 that for almost all ( in the sense of Lebesgue measure ) initial conditions in the plane or space for 2 , 3 and 4-body problems there are singularity-free solutions .
In 1984 , Joe Gerver gave an argument for a noncollision singularity in the planar 5-body problem with no collisions . They later found a proof for the 3n body case .
Finally , in their 1988 doctoral dissertation , Jeff Xia demonstrated a 5-body configuration that experiences a noncollision singularity .
Joe Gerver has given a heuristic model for the existence of 4-body singularities .
In their 2013 doctoral thesis at University of Maryland , Jinxin Xue considered a simplified model for the planar four-body problem case of the Painlevé conjecture . Based on a model of Gerver , they proved that there is a Cantor set of initial conditions which lead to solutions of the Hamiltonian system whose velocities are accelerated to infinity within finite time avoiding all earlier collisions . In 2014 , Xue extended their previous work and proved the conjecture for n=4 .
References
Gravity
Orbits
Classical mechanics
Dynamical systems
Conjectures that have been proved
UEN may refer to :
Ueno Station , JR East station code
Union for Environment and Nature
Union for Europe of the Nations
Urban East Norwegian
Utah Education Network
Richard Jackson is a biochemist and cell biologist . They are a Emeritus Professor of RNA Biochemistry in the Department of Biochemistry at the University of Cambridge . In 2006 , Jackson was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society . Jackson 's main contributions to cell biology concern the translation of a cell 's genetic instruction by ribosomes into proteins , utilizing messenger RNA .
References
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
British biochemists
Cell biologists
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Nat Gertler ( born April 30 , 1965 ) is an American writer known for their comic books and their books about comics , including four on Charles Schulz 's Peanuts . Gertler is the publisher of About Comics , and founded an annual cartoonists ' challenge , 24-Hour Comics Day . They have been nominated for two Eisner Awards . Gertler made a guest appearance on the comic review show Atop The Fourth Wall as himself .
Early life
Gertler was raised in Cinnaminson , New Jersey , Simsbury , Connecticut , and Riverton , New Jersey . They attended Bard College at Simon 's Rock at 14 .
Career
Their first comic-book story , the six-page backup feature `` The Visit '' , appeared in First Comics ' Grimjack # 57 ( cover-dated April 1989 ) . They went on to publish horror-comics stories in Hamilton Comics ' Dread of Night and Grave Tales in 1991 , and through the 1990s did work for the independent publisher Comic Zone Productions , WaRP Graphics , and Caliber Press , and an issue of Blood Syndicate for DC Comics ' Milestone Comics imprint . For Image Comics , they wrote stories for Big Bang Comics # 7–8 ( Dec. 1996 – Jan. 1997 ) .
They founded comic-book publisher About Comics , initially for their own work , beginning with The Factor issue # 0 ( 1998 ) , and later encompassing new and reprinted work by other creators . About Comics would go on to publish properties such as The Weasel Patrol , The Factor , Licensable BearTM , and The Liberty Project .
In 2004 , they founded the annual 24 Hour Comics Day challenges to cartoonists to produce a 24-page comic book , based on a concept previously conceived by Scott McCloud and Steve Bissette in 1990 . Outside of comics , they have written or co-written numerous books in the Complete Idiot 's Guides series of books , including The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Creating a Graphic Novel , The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Music on the Internet with MP3 and The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Microsoft PowerPoint 2000 .
In November 2016 , Gertler 's company About Comics began publishing facsimile editions of The Negro Motorist Green-Book guides , originally published by Victor Hugo Green and their wife Alma Green from the 1930s to the 1960s to help African-Americans travel safely in a segregated U.S .
Reviews
Gertler 's 2010 The Peanuts Collection received positive reviews in USA Today and elsewhere . The Chicago Sun-Times described it as a `` slipcovered museum collection '' filled with `` treasures '' , and the Christian Science Monitor described it as `` a gold mine of Peanuts memorabilia and removable inserts '' . Gertler 's script anthologies Panel One and Panel Two were `` highly recommend [ ed ] '' by USA Today for persons interested in learning how to write comic books .
Awards and nominations
1999 Eisner Award nomination : The Factor miniseries
2006 Eisner Award nomination : Best Anthology 24-Hour Comics Day Highlights 2005 , edited by Nat Gertler ( About Comics )
2016 Independent Book Publishers Association Benjamin Franklin Award : Gold Winner , Coffee Table Book : The Snoopy Treasures ( Thunder Bay Press )
Selected works
Books
Panel One : Comic Book Scripts by Top Writers ( editor ) , About Comics , 2002 ( ) .
The Complete Idiot 's Guide to Creating a Graphic Novel ( with Steve Lieber ) , Alpha Books , 2004 ( ) .
Comics prose : short stories ( editor and contributor ) , About Comics , 2004 ( ) .
The Factor ( with various illustrators ) , About Comics , 2004 ( ) .
reprints The Factor , issues 0–4 , About Comics , 1999 .
issue 0 previously published in Negative Burn 29–31 .
24-Hour Comics Day Highlights , 2004 ( editor ) , About Comics , 2004 ( ) .
24 Hour Comics All-Stars ( editor ) , About Comics , 2005 ( ) .
The Peanuts Collection : Treasures from the World 's Most Beloved Comic Strip , Little , Brown and Company , 2010 ( )
The Snoopy Treasures : An Illustrated Celebration of the World Famous Beagle , Thunder Bay Press , 2015
Comics
Speed Racer Classics ( Now Comics , 1998 ; writer , English script , for original Japanese manga Mach go go go by Tatsuo Yoshida )
reprinted in Speed Racer : The Original Manga # 1 ( DC Comics , June 2000 )
References
External links
About Comics official website
American comics writers
Living people
1965 births
American company founders
Comic book publishers ( people )
People from Camarillo , California
People from Cinnaminson Township , New Jersey
Place of birth missing ( living people )
People from Simsbury , Connecticut
People from Riverton , New Jersey
The 1990–91 Courage League National Division Three was the fourth full season of rugby union within the third tier of the English league system , currently known as National League 1 . The division was increased by one team and they each played one match against the other teams , playing a total of twelve matches each .
Participating teams and locations
League table
Sponsorship
National Division Three is part of the Courage Clubs Championship and is sponsored by Courage Brewery
See also
English Rugby Union Leagues
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
External links
National Clubs Association
N3
National League 1 seasons
Xanthosia tomentosa , common name Lesueur Southern Cross , is a species of plant in the family Apiaceae . It is endemic to Western Australia .
This plant was first described by Alex George in 1968 . There are no synonyms for the plant .
Description
Xanthosia tomentosa is a prostrate to ascending perennial herb , which grows from 20 cm to up to 90 cm high ( occasionally ) on lateritic gravelly soils . It flowers from September to December in its native habitat . It is found in the IBRA regions of the Geraldton Sandplains and the Swan Coastal Plain .
References
External links
Xanthosia tomentosa Occurrence data from Australasian Virtual Herbarium
Mackinlayoideae
Apiales of Australia
Flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by Alex George
Plants described in 1968
N. Lee S. Price is a retired United States Army officer who last served as the Program Executive Officer for the United States Army 's Program Executive Office , Command Control Communications-Tactical ( PEO C3T ) , headquartered at Aberdeen Proving Ground .
Price became the first female Program Executive Officer for the army in November 2009 when they became the PEO for C3T . Within one year of Price 's tenure , PEO C3T was awarded the David Packard award , the Department of Defense acquisition community 's highest award . In July 2008 , Price became the first woman in the Army Acquisition Corps to be promoted to the rank of brigadier general . They also are the first woman selected for general officer rank while serving in a special operations unit . Price was nominated by President Barack Obama to the grade of major general on July 27 , 2011 . The Senate confirmed this nomination on November 10 , 2011 . Price retired from military service in March 2014 .
Early life and education
Price attended the Shades Valley High School in Birmingham , Alabama , and earned their Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Alabama at Birmingham . They also earned their master 's degree in information systems , from the University of Arizona , and another master 's degree , from the Industrial College of the Armed Forces in Washington , D.C .
Career
Price began their military career in 1975 as a private first class in the Alabama National Guard . They were commissioned through Officer Candidate School ( Alabama Military Academy ) , and they were then part of the Women 's Army Corps . Upon its disestablishment in October 1978 , they were transferred to the U.S. Army Signal Corps . They entered active duty in October 1981 . Price has a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Alabama at Birmingham and master 's degrees from the University of Arizona and the Industrial College of the Armed Forces in Washington , D.C .
As the United States Army 's first female Program Executive Officer ( PEO ) , Price guided the Program Executive Office , Command Control Communications-Tactical ( C3T ) workforce of more than 1,800 personnel who execute an annual budget of $ 4 billion . The dedicated PEO C3T team works by the Warfighter 's side in training and theater locations throughout the world . They acquire , sustain and support the networked mission command solutions that bring technological dominance to present and future Warfighters . Within one year of Price 's tenure , which began in November 2009 ,
PEO C3T was awarded the David Packard award , the Department of Defense acquisition community 's highest award .
In 2004 , Price received the Army Acquisition Excellence Project Manager ( PM ) of the Year Award as PM Defense Communications and Army Transmission Systems ( DCATS ) . As PM DCATS , they managed programs valued at more than $ 2 billion . One was a $ 300 million project to build a commercial communications network in Iraq , Afghanistan and Kuwait . With this came the fielding of the first Very Small Aperture Satellite Terminals to combat service support troops and an effort that more than quadrupled deliveries of Land Mobile Radio systems to numerous Department of Defense forces and government agencies . During their subsequent three-year tenure as the Deputy Acquisition Executive for the United States Special Operations Command ( USSOCOM ) , Price was responsible for providing more than $ 3 billion per year of specialized equipment for service-wide National and Theater Special Operators . The USSOCOM acquisitions focused on products such as body armor , aircraft , sensors , radios , watercraft and ammunition within six months from validation to delivery .
After their retirement in 2014 , Price started their own company , Price Solutions . They serve a wide variety of customers in the areas of executive coaching , IT , governance , compensation , and leadership . They sit on several boards where they also hold a leadership role . Them first book , “ No Greater Honor : Lessons from my Life as a Soldier ” is due out in the fall of 2020 .
Awards and decorations
Price 's awards include the Army Distinguished Service Medal , Defense Superior Service Medal , the Legion of Merit ( two awards ) , the Bronze Star Medal , the Defense Meritorious Service Medal ( two awards ) , the Meritorious Service Medal ( five awards ) , the Joint Meritorious Unit Award , the Iraq Campaign Medal , the Korean Defense Service Medal , the Army Staff Badge and the Combat Action Badge . In 2009 , Price was inducted into the Alabama Business and Professional Women 's Foundation Academy of Honor .
References
External links
PEO C3T Public Site : http : //peoc3t.army.mil/c3t/
Alumni profile at UA : https : //web.archive.org/web/20110927224812/http : //mis.eller.arizona.edu/alumni/profiles/lee_price.asp
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
United States Army personnel of the Iraq War
United States Army personnel of the Gulf War
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Female generals of the United States Army
Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy alumni
21st-century American women
The Uyunid dynasty ( ) were an Arab dynasty that ruled Eastern Arabia for 163 years , from the 11th to the 13th centuries . Their sect is disputed ; some sources mention they were Shia , others Sunni . They were the remnants of Banu Abdul Qays tribe and seized the country from the Qarmatians with the military assistance of Great Seljuq Empire in the year 1077–1078 CE . It then fell to the Usfurids of Banu Uqayl in 651 AH ( 1253 CE ) . The famous poet Ali bin al Mugrab Al Uyuni is a descendant of the Uyunids .
History
Rise
In 1077–1078 , an Arab sheikh named Abdullah bin Ali Al Uyuni defeated the Qarmatians in Bahrain and al-Hasa with the help of the Seljuq Turks of Baghdad and founded the Uyunid dynasty .
Then Al-Fadhl , son of Abdullah , transferred their capital to Qatif , then to Awal ( today 's state of Bahrain ) . In their reign , the state extended to Kuwait . Then in 513 H. the Capital went back to Qatif . In 531 AH Mohammed son of Al Fadhl I was assassinated , and their state was divided into two , one in al-Hasa and the other in Qatif .
Expansion
Under Muhammad b. Ahmad b. Abu ' l-Hussin b. Abu Sinan , the Uyunids ' territory stretched from Najd to the Syrian desert . Due to the influence of the Uyunid kingdom , Caliph al-Nasir li-Din Allah gave Muhammad b. Ahmad authority to protect the pilgrimage route to Mecca . Muhammad was later murdered by a family member , instigated by their cousin , Gharir b. Shukr b. Ali . In the years 587 – 605 AH , Mohammed bin Abi al-Hussain united Qatif and Al-Hasa . They restore the glory of the Uyunids , and extends the state to Najd central Arabia . The state was divided again after their assassination in 605 H .
Religion
The Uyunids were Muslim , however their sect is disputed ; some sources mention they were Shia , others Sunni . According to Nakash , the populations of Bahrain , Hasa , and Qatif , may have accepted Twelver Shi'ism during this period . A study by Nayef al-Shera'an stated they were Shia based on their coins , which they said were exhibited at the British Museum . The study also mentions that no reliable sources support they were Sunni . On the other hand , Iraqi Sunni historian Safa Khulusi said they were Sunni , shortly before stating they had a `` strong feeling '' that poet Ali bin al Mugrab Al Uyuni was a Zaydi Shia .
See also
Abdul Qays
History of Bahrain
History of Saudi Arabia
List of Muslim empires and dynasties
References
Arab dynasties
Bahraini monarchs
Muslim dynasties
Abd al-Qays
Middle Eastern royal families
Arab slave owners
Şeyhahmetli , Polatlı is a village in the District of Polatlı , Ankara Province , Turkey . The village is populated by Kurds and Yörüks .
References
Villages in Polatlı District
Kurdish settlements in Ankara Province
Alfred Leonhard Maluma ( 12 December 1955 – 6 April 2021 ) was a Tanzanian Roman Catholic bishop .
Ordained to the priesthood on 17 November 1985 , Maluma was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Njombe , Tanzania in 2002 .
They died on 6 April 2021 at the Muhimbili National Referral Hospital .
References
1955 births
2021 deaths
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in Tanzania
Place of birth missing
Roman Catholic bishops of Njombe
Tanzanian Roman Catholic bishops
Inglewood is a house to the north-west of the village of Ledsham , Cheshire , England . It was built in 1909 , but is dated 1915 . The house was built for Frederick H. Fox , a Liverpool millionaire who made their fortune in marine insurance . It was later one of the seats of the Gordon family . As of 2011 it is a hotel called Inglewood Manor Hotel . The house is mainly half-timbered , with stone dressings , and brick chimneys decorated with diapering . It is roofed with Lakeland slate . Its architectural style is late Arts and Crafts . The house has a rectangular plan , with three fronts in two and three storeys . The entrance is on the east front , which has eight bays ; the south and west fronts each have five bays . On the south side is a balcony overlooking the gardens . The house is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II listed building . Also listed Grade II are the south and west terrace walls of the garden , and the east terrace walls and a pergola .
See also
Listed buildings in Ledsham , Cheshire
References
Country houses in Cheshire
Hotels in Cheshire
Houses completed in 1909
Arts and Crafts architecture in England
Grade II listed buildings in Cheshire
Grade II listed houses
Country house hotels
John Russ ( October 29 , 1767 – June 22 , 1833 ) was a United States representative from Connecticut .
Born in the small Massachusetts town of Ipswich , Russ completed their preparatory studies and then moved to Hartford , Connecticut where they engaged in mercantile pursuits .
Russ was elected to the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Congresses ( March 4 , 1819 - March 3 , 1823 ) . They were not a candidate for reelection in 1823 and was an unsuccessful candidate for election in 1823 to the Connecticut State House of Representatives . They were elected to the State house of representatives in 1824 and then elected as a judge of the Hartford Probate Court in 1824 and served until 1830 .
They died in Hartford , aged 65 , and was buried in the Old North Cemetery .
References
1767 births
1833 deaths
People from Ipswich , Massachusetts
Politicians from Hartford , Connecticut
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut
Pont-ar-gothi ( otherwise Pontargothi or Cothi Bridge ) is a village in Carmarthenshire , West Wales .
The village takes its name from the bridge where the A40 Road trunk road crosses the River Cothi . It lies some east of Carmarthen .
Cothi Bridge Show
Cothi Bridge Agricultural Society was established in 1898 . The Cothi Bridge Show contains breeders and exhibitors and attracts visitors from a large area . It also has a ladies section that was introduced in 1972 .
Holy Trinity Church
Holy Trinity Church is almost entirely due to the work of one man , Henry Bath , whose family made a fortune as Cornish tin producers and then , when the tin ran out , exported coal from Swansea and imported copper ore and guano . The coming of the railway to the Tywi Valley had allowed Bath to buy land to build a mansion and commute to Swansea . Alltyferin , a substantial Victorian house , was completed in 1868 . An ardent churchman , Bath did not want to enforce English services on the parish church in Llanegwad , but was unwilling for their household to attend services in Welsh . Construction of Holy Trinity Church began in 1865 , but it was not dedicated until 1878 . It is a Grade II * -listed building
The church was built on land which had belonged to Talley Abbey , half-a-mile from the mansion and linked to it by a wooden bridge over the Cothi . The bridge was later taken down at the same time as Alltyferin Mansion . The architect was Benjamin Bucknall , who was a friend of the Baths and had worked with them on Swansea Docks . Bucknall employed their friend Alfred Stansell to paint murals and the interior is richly decorated . Biblical scenes form a frieze and the ceiling and the walls are covered in Gothic patterns . Over the years fumes from a coke heater blackened every surface until the paintings were hardly visible . In 2007 , the interior was restored to the original colours . The restoration uncovered a further signature near the roof , `` Rawlins , Taunton '' , who was presumably an assistant to Stansell .
Bath only ever saw the plans of the church , as they died on a voyage home from Chile in 1875 at the age of 54 . Their nephew , Edward , inherited and continued the work . Bath and their wife , having no children , had been generous benefactors to the locality , building a school so that the tenants ' children did not have to walk to Llanegwad .
War Memorial Hall
The village hall was built in remembrance of local men who died in WW1 . The Hall is used for a wide range of activities and events .
References
External links
Aerial photograph
Photos of Trinity Church
Alltyferin Mansion
More photos of Alltyferin Mansion
Villages in Carmarthenshire
The Old Christian Cemetery , locally referred to as the Gora Qabristan ( , ) , is a cemetery located in Abbottabad , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan . It was established in 1853 during East India Company rule and stayed in regular use following the British Crown 's assumption of direct rule over India .
History
The cemetery was established in 1853 when the modern city of Abbottabad was founded by James Abbott , a British military officer and administrator . It remained the main Christian cemetery in the town and for the nearby Galyat hill tracts , and was later attached to St. Luke 's Church when it was completed in 1864 . The cemetery contains many interesting old graves and memorials . Most of these have Frontier military campaigns ' connections and significance for military historians , including the graves or tombs of Major Hugh Rees James , Major Leigh Richmond Battye and Colonel A W Crookshank , as well as others . The Rev . Henry Fisher Corbyn , of the Bengal Ecclesiastical Establishment , who spent long years here as Vicar , and who had previously served in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , and established a 'charitable home ' there at Ross Island ( Andaman ) is also buried here . Also buried here is Lady Julia Helen Palmer ( née Aylmer ; died 1896 ) first wife of General Sir Arthur Power Palmer , a former Commander-in-Chief , India .
Present status
Since Partition and Independence of Pakistan in 1947 , the Old Christian Cemetery has suffered considerable neglect , due to various financial constraints upon the Church of Pakistan and maybe around 70-80 of the older graves dating back prior to 1947 , still survive and can be properly verified . A family of Muslim caretakers lives within the precincts of the cemetery , who have been traditional caretakers of the site since circa 1902–1903 , prior to which time two retired Gurkha soldiers of the 5th Royal Gurkha Rifles used to tend to it , from around the 1870s onwards .
See also
British Association for Cemeteries in South Asia
Families in British India Society
Indian Military Historical Society
Commonwealth War Graves Commission
References
1853 establishments in India
Cemeteries in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Abbottabad District
Christianity in Pakistan
Makubuya is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
James Makubuya , Ugandan ethnomusicologist , musician , dancer , and choreographer
Keith Makubuya ( born 1993 ) , Canadian soccer player
Kiddu Makubuya ( born 1949 ) , Ugandan lawyer , politician and academic
Apollo Makubuya , corporate lawyer , serves as the chairperson of the board of at Equity Bank Uganda .
Surnames of African origin
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Asakita-ku , Hiroshima , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan . It closed on December 1 , 2003 when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1954
The Spaulding Turnpike is a north-south toll road in eastern New Hampshire . Nearly its entire length is overlapped by New Hampshire Route 16 . Its southern terminus is at the Portsmouth Traffic Circle ( Interstate 95 / U.S. Route 1 Bypass ) in Portsmouth , a terminus it shares with U.S. Route 4 and NH 16 . Its northern terminus is at an interchange with New Hampshire Route 125 in Milton , where NH 16 continues north as a full-access highway .
The turnpike roughly parallels the Maine border . NH 16 was signed onto the Turnpike in the mid-1990s .
The turnpike is part of the New Hampshire Turnpike System operated by the New Hampshire Department of Transportation Bureau of Turnpikes . Along with I-95 between the Massachusetts state border and the Portsmouth Circle ( Blue Star Turnpike ) , the two turnpikes are collectively known as the Eastern Turnpike .
History
The turnpike is named for the Spaulding brothers of Rochester—Rolland H. Spaulding ( 1873–1942 ) and Huntley N. Spaulding ( 1869–1955 ) —who both served as Governor of New Hampshire . It was announced in August 1952 to connect Portsmouth and Rochester at a cost of $ 13.5 million . Work on the first section of the turnpike , between Portsmouth and Dover , started in 1954 , with that segment opening in September 1956 . The complete ( as originally planned ) route between Portsmouth and Rochester opened on August 29 , 1957 , the same day that the Everett Turnpike was dedicated . In 1977 , the New Hampshire House of Representatives approved funding to extend the Spaulding Turnpike by north through Milton . Construction began in 1978 , with the extension opening on August 20 , 1981 .
Route description
The Spaulding Turnpike begins in Portsmouth , at I-95 northbound Exit 4 . Access from I-95 south and US 1 Bypass is facilitated via Exit 5 ( Portsmouth Traffic Circle ) . A northbound-only exit connects with Brady Drive , accessible only from the traffic circle . The Spaulding Turnpike becomes a six lane freeway concurrent with US 4 and NH 16 , with a speed limit . Exit 1 in Newington provides access to Pease International Tradeport and the Newington malls .
Exit 2 , a northbound-only exit/entrance which facilitated access to the Mall at Fox Run and adjacent businesses , was closed permanently on July 19 , 2015 . Exit 3 is a full-access interchange with Woodbury Avenue , with a connection to Pease Tradeport via Arboretum Drive . Exit 4 provides access to Newington Village and businesses along Shattuck Way . The turnpike then crosses the Little Bay Bridge into Dover , with seven lanes ( three northbound , and four southbound ) for vehicles and a temporary pedestrian and bicycle path on the northbound shoulder of the bridge .
Exit 5 provides access to Hilton Park and Wentworth Terrace . This exit was permanently closed when the northbound lanes were shifted onto the permanent northbound alignment of the turnpike on November 28 , 2018 .
US 4 leaves the turnpike at Exit 6 , with the Dover barrier toll located about to the north . The reconstruction of Exit 6 into a full access diamond interchange between Dover and Durham was open to traffic on November 15 , 2019 . Before the reconstruction , there was no access from eastbound US 4 to the northbound turnpike or Dover Point Road north , nor from the southbound turnpike to Dover Point Road north . Traffic then had to utilise the Spaulding Turnpike southbound and turn around at Exit 4 in Newington in order to access the Spaulding Turnpike northbound or Dover Point Road north .
North of the toll plaza , the freeway passes west of downtown Dover . Exits 7 through 9 provide local access via NH 108 , NH 9 and Indian Brook Drive , respectively . A park and ride facility is located on Indian Brook Drive just off Exit 9 . North of Exit 9 , the speed limit increases to .
A gap in the exit numbering—there is no Exit 10—allows for future addition of an interchange with more direct access to Somersworth ; such an exit has been under consideration `` since the turnpike was built in the 1950s '' .
The turnpike continues north and crosses into Rochester , reaching the second barrier toll soon after . Exit 11 provides access to Old Dover Road , for northbound traffic only . The freeway expands to six lanes north of Exit 12 and bypasses downtown Rochester to the west . US 202 joins the freeway at Exit 13 , near the site of a park and ride facility built in 2014 . NH 11 joins the turnpike to the north at Exit 15 . Both US 202 and NH 11 depart the turnpike at Exit 16 to East Rochester .
Immediately north of Exit 16 , the freeway narrows into a Super-2 and the speed limit drops to . The highway continues north into Milton , with Exits 17 and 18 providing local access via NH 75 and NH 125 . The Spaulding Turnpike designation ends at Exit 18 near Union ; NH 16 continues north as a full-access highway .
Tolls
Two barrier tolls are present on the Spaulding Turnpike—one in Dover and one in Rochester . Travel anywhere south of exit 6 , north of exit 11 , or between the barrier tolls ( exits 7 through 9 ) is free of charge .
Electronic tolling
In November 2021 , the New Hampshire Department of Transportation announced the installation of all-electronic tolling and collection of funds using E-ZPass transponders that are scanned by sensors for payment .
Toll rates
Toll rates are determined by the class of vehicle ( number of axles , single or dual rear tires ) . The NHDOT currently offers discounted tolls for customers utilizing E-ZPass transponders registered with the agency . The discount rates are 30 percent for Class 1-4 vehicles ( single rear tires ) and 10 percent for Class 5-12 vehicles ( dual rear tires ) .
Exit list
Sourcing for old exit numbering :
Concurrent routes
U.S. Route 4 : , Portsmouth to Dover
U.S. Route 202 : , Rochester
New Hampshire Route 11 : , Rochester
See also
New Hampshire Highway System
References
Further reading
Steve Anderson 's BostonRoads.com : Spaulding Turnpike ( NH 16 )
Toll roads in New Hampshire
Two-lane freeways in the United States
U.S. Route 4
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a novel by Mark Twain . It was 1st published on December 10 , 1884 in England and was republished in the United States in February 1885
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn may also refer to :
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ( 1939 film ) , starring Mickey Rooney
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ( 1955 film )
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn ( 1960 film ) , directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Eddie Hodges
`` The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn '' , a 1955 episode of the TV anthology series Climax !
The Adventures of Huck Finn ( 1993 film ) , starring Elijah Wood and Courtney B. Vance
See also
The New Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , a 1968 live action/animated television series
Huckleberry no Bōken , a 1976 Japanese anime
Huckleberry Finn and Their Friends ( 1979 TV series ) , starring Ian Tracey
Tom and Huck , a 1995 film starring Jonathan Taylor Thomas and Brad Renfro
Huckleberry Finn ( disambiguation )
HXX can refer to :
Hay Airport , New South Wales , Australia ( IATA code )
Heathrow Terminals 2 & 3 railway station , London , United Kingdom ( National Rail code )
Huxiaoxing station , Zhejiang , China ( Station code )
Yazıbeyli is a village in the District of Kazan , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Contrakultura Films was an imprint of Iruña Films , SA a Buenos Aires film production effort dedicated to producing biographical documentaries on Latin American writers . Production offices were located in San Telmo . Soledad Liendo , Leonardo Hussen and Rodolfo Durán were among the producers . The initiative later expanded to include visual artists such as Andrés Waissman and Humberto Calzada , and [ social scientists ] such as León Rozitchner , Ismael Viñas , Juan Jose Sebreli and Jorge Lovisolo . Contrakultura existed as such between 2002 and 2006 producing approximately twenty-five documentaries with the support of INCAA , Fondo Nacional de las Artes , and the Ministerio de Cultura de la Nación . These films are presently owned by [ Heritage Film Project ] , and currently being distributed by Alexander Street Press .
The initial “ Contrakultural series '' was known as “ Perfiles ” , and was made of thirteen biographical documentaries . The series was presented at the Biennial Northeast Regional Meeting `` Luso-Hispanic Presence in the Changing Cultural Landscape of America '' , organized by the American Association of Teachers of Spanish and Portuguese at Yale University .
Several of the documentaries on the series Perfiles were directed by Eduardo Montes-Bradley . Some of the original titles are listed under a pseudonym inspired in legendary actores of the silent era of Mexican Cinema such as Cándida Beltrán , Mimi Derba , Ana Lobos , Emma Padilla , Lupe Velez , Maria Laura del Rio , Ma . Laura Del Rio . The series was initially publicized as directed by thirteen woman-directors by Eduardo Montes-Bradley .
Contrakultura also produced the series known as the NOA Trilogy , films produced by Contrakultura and directed by Norbert “ Negro ” Ramírez in the Jujuy and Salta provinces , on the Northwestern region of Argentina .
Perfiles
Perfiles ( Profiles ) , was a series of thirteen documentaries about Latin American writers produced by Eduardo Montes-Bradley for Contrakultura in Buenos Aires . Previous biographical documentaries by Montes-Bradley include essays on Jorge Luis Borges , Julio Cortázar , Osvaldo Soriano and Osvaldo Bayer . The series Perfiles was initially made of thirteen tiles of 80 minutes each . The average budget for each of the documentaries was $ 65,000 of which 25 % came as advance distribution fees advance from Patagonia Film Group , LLC , and 75 % was subsidized by the Ministry of Culture of Argentina . More titles were eventually added to the original thirteen .
Una cierta mirada ( A Certain Look ) , 2004 . Conversations with Juan José Sebreli . Sebreli recalls their life ass they take the audience for a ride around timeless Buenos Aires , the architectural and sociopolitical landmarks that define their early childhood , adolescence and the rest of their life . In a way , this doc can be watched as a 20th-century Tour Guide of Buenos Aires , a sketch on Peronism and yet , more . Sebreli 's perception of the surroundings , the arts , architecture and the music of the city is a constant throughout the film . Shot in Black and White . Particular emphasis is given to the fundamental changes that took place in the urban transformation of the capital city from single homes in the barrio of Constitución to the apartment buildings that came in response to the population growth . Sebreli also approaches the transition from Art Nouveau to Art Deco , and the architectural evolution of Theaters and Movie Theaters . Another constant reference in the film is to the gay life in Buenos Aires through their lifetime .
Le mot Juste . Conversations with Héctor Tizón . The documentary , directed by Eduardo Montes-Bradley , follows the writer to Yala , birthplace and home of Héctor Tizón in Jujuy , Argentina . In a series of candid conversations , Tizón evokes their childhood , and the experience of living between two extremely different cultures : the Quechua the cosmogonies of their native homeland , and the Spanish of the conquistadores perpetuated to this day through the characterization of the Argentine national pride . In Le mot Juste Tizón explores the idea of exile in different directions with particular emphasis to the exile of the native peoples of the Puna under the cultural prevalence of the Spanish Culture and Catholic traditions . Tizón also talks in this film about their personal experience in a different exile , the one that forced them to leave Argentina during the military regime of Jorge Rafael Videla .
La otra orilla ( The Opposite Shore ) Biographical sketch on psychotherapist , member of Revista Sitio and writer-member of the generation of Osvaldo Lamborghini and . Gusmán is a Konex Award recipient . La otra orilla follows Gusmán from their native Avellaneda , in the peripheral and less privileged southern suburbs of Buenos Aires , to the middle class-hipster Palermo in the capital city . The film includes previously unknown tango recordings of Luis Gusmán 's father . The actual interviews with Gusmám were conducted behind the camera by film student Yael Szmulewicz under the supervision of Montes-Bradley , camera by Alejandro Ortiz , Sound by Horacio Almada . DV | 70 min . and 70 min . version .
Planeta Bizzio , ( Planet Bizzio ) Documentary on the life and works of Sergio Bizzio , off beat-poet , playwright and novelist . Interview conducted by Nadina Fushimi .
Deliciosas perversiones polimorfas . An intimate portrait of Alberto Laiseca . Laiseca is a cult literary figure of Buenos Aires better known for their fictional metaphysics . The documentary explores the relationship between Laiseca and their father , a rural family doctor living in Córdoba . References to Edgar A. Poe , William Shakespeare and the imminent arrival of the Antichrist are constant leitmotivs in the film .
Si yo fuera realmente Libre ( If I Were Truly Free ) . Biographical essay on the life and works of Alan Pauls . Interview conducted by Daniel Guebel .
Ecce Homo . Biographical essay on the writer , and cultural icon Juan Filloy . The film is based on an interview with Ana da Costa shortly before their death at 106 in the year 2000 . Montes-Bradley 's film reconstructs the life of Filloy . Contrakultura , 2004 . 52 min .
Las memorias del señor Alzheimer . The protagonist of this film is Jorge `` Dipi '' Di Paola , a dadaist-eccentric , writer-poet , an unconventional character of the Buenos Aires underground during the 1970s . The film was shot in 2007 , shortly before Di Paola 's death in Tandil , some 450 kilometers from the capital of Argentina . In the film , Di Paola , recalls the times in which they and their mentor Witold Gombrowicz shared an apartment in Buenos Aires first , and later in Di Paola 's home-town of Tandil . Produced by Montes-Bradley , directed by Sergio Belloti .
Marcos Ribak aka Andrés Rivera . Biographical portrait of Andrés Rivera author of `` La revolución es un sueño eterno '' . The film was primarily shot in Córdoba where the author lived with their second wife Susana Fiorito . The film contributes to shedding light on Polish Jewelry immigration to Argentina , and in the political life of young members of the Communist Party in Buenos Aires during the Peronist regime ( 1945-1955 ) . Many of the scenes of this film were shot at the legendary Eden Hotel , know to have served as a retreat to the former Nazi officer after the war .
No matarás ( Thou Shall Not Kill ) . Documentary on Marcelo Birmajer , an irreverent Jewish-Argentine writer , whose political views , largely at odds with the overwhelming `` progressive '' -minded cultural milieu in Buenos Aires are largely responsible for their continue political isolation . In the film , Birmajer presents themselves to the audience as a lost soul somewhere between Buenos Aires and a not so distant Middle East ; holding a tight grip on the umbilical cord that their Jewish-mother preserves intact for generations to-come . The film was produced shortly after the terrorist attack to AMIA and the Israel Embassy in Buenos Aires which recently gained renewed attention in the media after the presumed murder of Alberto Nisman . In the film , Birmajer accuses Iran as the primary instigator of the terrorist attacks in Buenos Aires .
El país de no me acuerdo ( Neverland ) . A biographical sketch on . Produced with the support of INCAA , Ministerio de Cultura , National Endowment for the Arts , City of Buenos Aires , Sociedad Argentina de Escritores , and Biblioteca Nacional Filmed scarcely two years before Grondona 's passing in Buenos Aires in 2006 , the film explores the political life in Argentina through the eyes of this iconic and revered actor-director who first appearance in the screen Immigrants came under the direction of Aldo Fabrizi . The film comes to a severe critique to Peronism , and what Grondona refers to in the film as `` moral decay '' and the `` decomposition of the social fabric in Argentina '' . Produced by Contrakultura , 2004 . Cinematography Alejandro Ortiz , Sound Horacio Almada . Directed by Eduardo Montes-Bradley as Cándida Beltrán . DV | 79 min .
Saludablemente en pelotas . Biographical sketch on , journalist ( Pagina/12 ) , and fiction writer better known for their collaboration with comics artist .
La célula fugitiva ( The Fugitive Cell ) . Biographical sketch on journalist and scriptwriter José Pablo Feinmann . The title translates as `` The fugitive cell '' and alludes to the protagonist 's survival to a cancer diagnosis during the government of Isabel Perón and the Triple A .
Desandando el tiempo . ( Unwinding Time ) Biographical sketch of the poet ( 1914-2005 ) . Produced by Eduardo Montes-Bradley and Directed by Rodolfo Durán as `` Valentina Carrasco '' .
En el nombre del padre . ( In the Name of the Father ) . Biographical sketch on Ana María Shua .
Espléndida decadencia . ( Splendid Decadence ) Biographical sketch on .
NOA Trilogy
Series of three documentary films produced by Montes-Bradley with the support of the Ministry of Culture of Salta , and a grant from the National Institute of Cinema and Audiovisual Arts . The trilogy was directed by Norberto `` Negro '' Ramírez , a filmmaker born in Catamarca Province , and raised in Buenos Aires . During the dictatorship 1976-1983 Ramirez found refuge in the internal exile in the northwestern provinces of Argentina , a region known as NOA ( Noroeste Argentino ) , also known as Puna , which mainly includes Jujuy and Salta provinces .
From Frankfurt to Humahuaca . Biographical-essay on Jorge Lovisolo , a philosopher entrenched in the northwestern province of Salta ; a disciple of The Frankfurt School , and author of numerous essays . The film deals with Lovisolo 's obsessions in a sort of self-imposed exile in Salta ; their perspectives on religion and local communities , the thoughts of Walter Benjamin , Herbert Marcuse , Theodore Adorno and others . NOA Productions , 2005 .
Kopla Vera . Biographical-essay on Jesús Ramón Vera , author of numerous verses inspired in the liturgical carnival of Jujuy . NOA Productions , c. 2006 .
Yo y el tiempo , ( Time and I ) . Biographical-essay on poet-composer Juan José Botelli , a native and cultural icon in Salta . `` Yo y el tiempo '' is the third and last documentary in the NOA trilogy produced by Montes-Bradley , and directed by Norberto `` Negro '' Ramírez . NOA Productions , c.2006
Other Titles
El hombre invisible , ( The Invisible Man ) The documentary explores the work of early film editors of Newsreel in Argentina during the 1940s and through the 1960s .
La oficina ( The Office ) A documentary by Blas Eloy Martínez , son of the laureate writer Tomás Eloy Martínez . The film is set in the background of a red-tape Office of Vital Records . Produced by Montes Bradley .
Dirigido por ... ( Directed by ) This film explores the creative process of Argentine filmmakers in a series of in-depth interviews intertwined with an extensive archival of films and photography . Includes conversations with Adolfo Aristarain , Academy Award recipient Luis Puenzo , Lucrecia Martel , David José Kohon , Eduardo Montes-Bradley , Anibal DiSalvo , Daniel Burman , Mario Levin , Edmund Valladares , and others .
Insurgentes . The documentary investigates the connections between the ( Revolutionary Left Movement ) , the ( ERP ) , and ( Tupamaros ) in the 1970s . The film also focuses on Plan Condor , the multilateral efforts by Argentina , Uruguay , and Brazil to defeat the guerrilla insurgents . The film was produced by Montes-Bradley and directed by Pablo Doudchitzky .
Low Blows : , La Raulito . This documentary follows soccer icon Maria Esher Duffau aka `` La Raulito '' , the fan-mascot of Boca Juniors and an eccentric folk character in Buenos Aires . La Raulito as Maria Esher Duffau was known , had previously been immortalized in a film by the same name directed by Lautaro Murúa . However , in this documentary the director , a Boca Juniors fan himself , follows the protagonist during the last days of their life . Low Blows : La Raulito premiered at International Film Festival in December 2009 . Latin American Selection . Produced by Eduardo Montes-Bradley , directed by Emiliano Serra .
Negro sobre blanco ( Black on White ) . A biographical film about Margarita Bróndolo negative cutting . Margarita recalls the pioneering times of Argentine cinema days when they were one of the first female film editor in Estudios San Miguel . At the time Bróndolo worked alongside iconic figures of the golden era of a film such as Eva Duarte . The documentary abounds in newsreels , and clips from some of the most celebrated film titles of Argentina . The film was directed by Eduardo López , themselves a long time and award-winning editor next to Academy Award Nominee Adolfo Aristarain . Produced by Montes Bradley , edited and directed by Eduardo López .
Notes
Film production companies of Argentina
Documentary film production companies
Documentary film series
Educational films
Entertainment companies established in 2002
2002 establishments in Argentina
Andrew Graham Priaulx , MBE ( born 8 August 1974 ) is a British professional racing driver from Guernsey . In 2019 they raced for Ford Chip Ganassi Team UK in the FIA World Endurance Championship , and Cyan Racing Lynk & Co in the FIA World Touring Car Cup , having been a former BMW factory driver .
They are a European Touring Car Championship champion , three times World Touring Car Championship champion and the only FIA Touring Car champion to win an international-level championship for four consecutive years ( 2004 to 2007 ) . The previous record was Roberto Ravaglia 's three successive championships ( 1986–1988 ) .
Racing career
Born in Guernsey , Priaulx has competed in many types of motorsport , beginning in karting at the minimum age of eight . After a brief flirtation with powerboat racing , they started hillclimbing while still a teenager , sharing a car with their father Graham . It was quickly apparent that they had great natural ability , and few people were surprised when they took the British Hillclimb Championship title in 1995 .
After this , they made the switch to circuit racing , where after a relatively low-key couple of years in Formula Renault UK Championship and British Formula 3 they eventually demonstrated their skills were transferable by switching to the Renault Spider championship in 1998 , completely dominating it in 1999 . Their career stalled somewhat when they returned to British Formula 3 in 2000–01 . They had some success at this level , but despite finishing sixth in the championship in 2001 was unable to progress further up the single-seater ladder .
Touring cars
In 2001 Priaulx had a pair of British Touring Car Championship ( BTCC ) guest drives for the Egg Vauxhall team , standing in for the suspended Phil Bennett . They stunned the regulars by taking pole position on their debut at Oulton Park , demonstrating that their future appeared to lie in that direction .
The following year they were signed by the works Honda BTCC team for their 2002 campaign . They won one race and finished on the podium in two others , and the following season was signed by Bart Mampaey 's BMW UK team for their European Touring Car Championship ( ETCC ) effort . They were in contention for the title until late in the year , eventually finishing third . Priaulx also occasionally guested in Australian V8 Supercar racing , competing at the Bathurst 1000km in 2002 with Yvan Muller in a Kmart Racing Commodore and 2003 with Cameron McLean again in a Kmart Commodore , and also the Sandown 500 km in 2003 .
2004 saw Priaulx win a major circuit racing championship , as they became ETCC champion after a season-long battle with Dirk Müller . Both men obtained the same number of points , but Priaulx had won five races as against Müller 's three , and this was sufficient to hand the Priaulx the title .
Priaulx repeated their 2004 success in 2005 , 2006 and 2007 , clinching the World Touring Car Championship ( WTCC , essentially the same series , with two races outside Europe in 2005 and three in 2006 ) at the final round in Macau . In 2005 , they won the crown with two second-place finishes in the final round when their nearest rivals , Dirk Müller and Fabrizio Giovanardi both failed to score . The following year , a win in the opening race of the final meeting left them needing to finish fifth in the final event to beat Jörg Müller by a single point , which they achieved .
Heading into the final meeting of the 2007 WTCC season at Macau , Priaulx was joint leader of the championship alongside former BTCC champion Yvan Muller . They came eighth in the first race and won from pole position in the second race to claim their and BMW 's third WTCC championship in a row .
They were appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire ( MBE ) in the 2008 Birthday Honours.Priaulx again raced in the World Touring Car Championship for BMW Team UK in 2009 , finishing fourth in the standings . As well as the WTCC , they competed in selected rounds of the American Le Mans Series for BMW and a number of races in the Australian V8 Supercars championship , driving a Walkinshaw Racing Holden with David Reynolds at the Phillip Island and Bathurst endurance races .
In 2010 , Priaulx continued to race in the World Touring Car Championship for BMW and competed in several races for BMW in the Le Mans Series , 2010 Armor All Gold Coast 600 in V8 Supercars with Craig Lowndes , Race of Champions , as well as the Le Mans 24 Hours.On 5 December 2010 , BMW announced that it would not be continuing its factory effort in the World Touring Car Championship from 2011 onwards . It was announced on 25 January 2011 , that Priaulx contest the Intercontinental Le Mans Cup for BMW , as well as undertaking testing duties for BMW with cars from other racing categories .
Priaulx spent the 2012 and 2013 seasons racing for BMW in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters , scoring their best result in the final round of the 2013 season at the Hockenheimring , where they finished in sixth after starting in third . They switched to racing in the United SportsCar Championship in the United States for 2014 . In January 2015 it was announced at Autosport International that Priaulx would return to the British Touring Car Championship for 2015 with West Surrey Racing , campaigning a BMW 125i M Sport , combining their BTCC programme with racing works BMWs in the European Le Mans Series and the North American Endurance Cup .
On 10 December 2018 , it was announced that Priaulx will join Lynk & Co Cyan Racing for the 2019 World Touring Car Cup season , partnering former WTCC champions Yvan Muller , Thed Björk and Yvan 's nephew Yann Ehrlacher . On 17 November 2019 , Priaulx secured their maiden win in the FIA World Touring Car Cup in Macau .
Ford WEC
On 5 December 2015 , it was announced that Priaulx had parted ways with BMW after a 13-year stint with the German manufacturer to join Ford Chip Ganassi Team UK for their upcoming debut in the 2016 FIA World Endurance Championship season . They were officially unveiled as a Ford driver on 5 January 2016 alongside teammates Marino Franchitti , Stefan Mücke , and Olivier Pla .
Personal life
Priaulx 's son Sebastian Priaulx is also a racing driver . They competed in the 2019 British GT Championship and was in contention for the GT4 title , driving with Scott Maxwell , but lost out on the title to Tom Canning and Ash Hand by 8.5 points .
Nationality
Although Priaulx is British , they have occasionally been mistakenly identified as French due to their surname , which is common in Francophone countries ; a French national flag was displayed above the podium at the first race in Curitiba in the 2007 WTCC season .
Racing record
Career summary
† As Priaulx was a guest driver , they were ineligible to score points .
Complete British Touring Car Championship results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position – 1 point awarded all races ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap – 1 point awarded all races ) ( * signifies that driver lead feature race for at least one lap – 1 point awarded )
Complete V8 Supercar Championship results
+ Not Eligible for points
Complete European Touring Car Championship results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Complete World Touring Car Championship results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
† — Did not finish the race , but was classified as they completed over 90 % of the race distance .
Intercontinental Le Mans Cup results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Complete Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
† Driver did not finish , but completed 90 % of the race distance
Complete WeatherTech SportsCar Championship results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Complete European Le Mans Series results
Complete FIA World Endurance Championship results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ; races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Complete World Touring Car Cup results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
† Driver did not finish , but completed 90 % of the race distance .
Complete British GT Championship results
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position ) ( Races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Complete Bathurst 1000 results
Complete 24 Hours of Le Mans results
References
External links
Andy Priaulx Performance Management
1974 births
Living people
People educated at Elizabeth College , Guernsey
Members of the Order of the British Empire
British racing drivers
Racing drivers from Guernsey
British Formula Three Championship drivers
British hillclimb drivers
Formula Palmer Audi drivers
French Formula Three Championship drivers
British Touring Car Championship drivers
Supercars Championship drivers
World Touring Car Championship drivers
World Touring Car Champions
World Touring Car Cup drivers
American Le Mans Series drivers
European Le Mans Series drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters drivers
Rolex Sports Car Series drivers
24 Hours of Daytona drivers
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers
24 Hours of Spa drivers
European Touring Car Championship drivers
FIA World Endurance Championship drivers
Renault UK Clio Cup drivers
BMW M drivers
TOM 'S drivers
Racing Bart Mampaey drivers
Alan Docking Racing drivers
Schnitzer Motorsport drivers
Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing drivers
Chip Ganassi Racing drivers
Multimatic Motorsports drivers
Arena Motorsport drivers
OAK Racing drivers
Cameraria sadlerianella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae . It is known from California and Oregon in the United States .
The length of the forewings is 4.3-4.9 mm .
The larvae feed on Quercus sadleriana . They mine the leaves of their host plant . The mine is found on the upperside of the leaf . It is ovoid to triangular . The epidermis is opaque with a yellow tan . The mine is usually located on one side of the midrib with one mine edge oriented adjacent to the midrib . The species is solitary with usually one mine per leaf . Normally , there is one longitudinal fold .
Etymology
The name of the new species is derived from the specific name of its host , Quercus sadleriana .
References
Cameraria ( moth )
Moths described in 1981
Leaf miners
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Fauna of California
Taxa named by Donald R. Davis ( entomologist )
Taxa named by Paul A. Opler
Parnell Township may refer to the following townships in the United States :
Parnell Township , Sheridan County , Kansas
Parnell Township , Polk County , Minnesota
Parnell Township , Traverse County , Minnesota
Silicon Teens were a British new wave virtual band . The project was the creation of Mute Records founder Daniel Miller . Frank Tovey was the band 's fictional frontman .
Background
The `` group '' were publicised as a quartet with members named Darryl , Jacki , Paul and Diane , but in reality these individuals did not exist and for media interviews their parts were played by actors , with the band 's lead singer Darryl portrayed by musician Frank Tovey . Tovey did not perform on any Silicon Teens recordings ; all vocals and instrumentation were actually provided by Daniel Miller . Miller also produced the recordings under the pseudonym `` Larry Least '' , a play on the name of 1960s pop producer Mickie Most .
The project was launched in 1979 with the single `` Memphis Tennessee '' , a cover of the Chuck Berry song . Two other singles followed ; these were , along with other tracks , assembled into the 1980 album Music for Parties , a collection mostly comprising rock and roll standards from the 1950s and 1960s , played in an upbeat synthpop style . There were three original compositions on the album , one featuring a vocal ( `` TV Playtime '' ) and two instrumentals ( `` Chip 'n ' Roll '' , `` State of Shock ( Part 2 ) '' ) . An additional original , `` Sun Flight '' , appeared as a single B-side and was subsequently added to the CD reissue of the album . The video for the 1979 single `` Memphis Tennessee '' centres on the Sinking of the RMS Titanic .
The album and the singles `` Judy in Disguise '' and `` Just Like Eddie '' were top ten hits on the UK Indie Chart in 1980 . The `` group '' ceased activity after 1980 , but film director John Hughes was so taken with it that their rendition of `` Red River Rock '' ( in a re-recorded version ) can be heard in the film soundtrack of the Steve Martin and John Candy film Planes , Trains , and Automobiles . It was also issued as a single in 1988 in both the US and the UK .
The band 's rendition of `` You Really Got Me '' was featured on a compilation album of new wave songs put out by French covers band Nouvelle Vague .
The group is the subject of a song called `` Silicon Teens '' by The Pulsars on their 1997 album , Pulsars .
Discography
Albums
Music for Parties ( September 1980 ) – UK Indie No . 4
Singles
`` Memphis Tennessee '' / `` Let 's Dance '' ( August 1979 )
`` Judy in Disguise '' / `` Chip 'n ' Roll '' – UK Indie No . 4
`` Just Like Eddie '' / `` Sun Flight '' – UK Indie No . 7
References
External links
Silicon Teens at Mute Records Official site
[ Music for Parties Review ]
Silicon Teens Discography at discogs.com
English new wave musical groups
English electronic music duos
New wave duos
Mute Records artists
Sire Records artists
Recorded music characters
The 2020 United States presidential election in Vermont was held on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated . Vermont voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote , pitting the Republican Party 's nominee , incumbent President Donald Trump , and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee , former Vice President Joe Biden , and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris . Vermont has three electoral votes in the Electoral College .
Vermont was won by Biden with 66.1 % of the vote , making this their best performance in any state ( not including Washington , D.C. which is not a state ) . Prior to the election , all 14 news organizations projected Vermont as a state Biden would win , or a safe blue state . With a victory margin of 35.4 % over Trump , the Green Mountain State gave Biden their widest margin of victory as well as the highest vote percentage of any state , making 2020 the first-ever presidential election in which Vermont was the most Democratic state in the nation . Vermont also saw the largest increase in turnout from 2016 , increasing 14.3 % . Biden greatly improved on Hillary Clinton 's 55.7 % vote share and 25.9 % margin from 2016 , when third-party candidates received over 14 % of the vote . Biden 's performance was also the fourth-strongest Democratic performance in state history . Trump carried only one county , the sparsely-populated Essex County bordering New Hampshire , which had voted for the winner from 1980 to 2016 ; Biden thus became the first Democrat to win the White House without carrying this county since Jimmy Carter in 1976 .
Vermont had once been one of the most Republican states in the nation . From 1856 to 1988 , it voted Republican in every election except Lyndon Johnson 's 44-state landslide in 1964 . However , the brand of Republicanism practiced in the Green Mountain State has historically been a moderate one . Coupled with an influx of more liberal newcomers from out of state , this made Vermont considerably friendlier to Democrats as the national GOP moved further to the right . After narrowly supporting George H. W. Bush in 1988 , Vermont gave Bill Clinton a 16-point margin in 1992 . Republicans have not seriously contested the state since then , and Vermont is now reckoned as part of the `` Blue Wall '' –the 19 jurisdictions that delivered their 242–255 electoral votes to the Democratic standard-bearer at every election from 1992 to 2012 . Underlining how Republican Vermont once was , Trump and George W. Bush are the only Republicans to win the White House without carrying Vermont .
In Chittenden County , home to the state 's largest city of Burlington , Biden received 75.1 % of the vote , which is the first time in the state 's history that a Democrat has broken 75 % in any of the state 's counties . Biden 's performance in Chittenden County is also the first time since 1960 that any candidate has received over 75 % in a Vermont county .
Another factor for Biden 's improvement was strong support from Bernie Sanders , one of the state 's U.S . Senators and a former candidate for the 2020 Democratic nomination who , despite endorsing Hillary Clinton , had received 5.7 % of the vote in 2016 as a non-soliciting write-in candidate . Per exit polls by the Associated Press , Sanders maintained a 63 % approval rating among their constituents , and their supporters broke 93 % for Biden .
Primary elections
Republican primary
The Republican primary was held on March 3 , 2020 . Donald Trump and Bill Weld were among the declared Republican candidates .
Democratic primary
The Democratic primary was held on March 3 , 2020 . Bernie Sanders , one of the two current senators from Vermont and a 2016 Democratic primary candidate , declared their candidacy on February 19 , 2019 , after speculation they would do so . Joe Biden , Michael Bloomberg , and Elizabeth Warren were among the other major declared candidates .
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Results
Results by county
Notes
Partisan clients
See also
United States presidential elections in Vermont
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
References
External links
( State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
Vermont
2020
Presidential
Green Lantern refers to a group of fictional superheroes in DC Comics . Green Lantern may also refer to :
Green Lantern ( comic book )
Green Lantern ( film ) , a 2011 American live-action superhero film directed by Martin Campbell
Green Lantern ( soundtrack ) , a soundtrack album from the 2011 film
Green Lantern : Rise of the Manhunters , a video game tie-in to the 2011 film
Green Lantern : The Animated Series , a CGI television series that aired on Cartoon Network
Green Lantern Corps , a fictional intergalactic military/police force appearing in comics published by DC Comics
Green Lantern ( Six Flags Great Adventure ) , a stand-up roller coaster at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson Township , New Jersey , United States
Green Lantern : First Flight ( Six Flags Magic Mountain ) , a 4th Dimension roller coaster at Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia , California , United States
Green Lantern Coaster , the steepest roller coaster in the Southern Hemisphere , located at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia
DJ Green Lantern , a hip-hop DJ and music producer , born James D'Agostino
See also
Green Lantern in other media
Yeni Dereneci , Kızılcahamam is a village in the District of Kızılcahamam , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Kızılcahamam District
The Commonwealth Avenue Historic District is a historic district on Commonwealth Avenue on the north side from Stanley Street to beyond Robinson Street in North Attleborough , Massachusetts . The area encompasses a variety of stylish 19th-century houses , as well as two 19th-century industrial buildings , depicting the proximity of wealthy industrial owners and managers to their factories . The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003 .
Description and history
Commonwealth Avenue runs east-west through the Attleborough Falls section of North Attleborough , one of its principal industrial areas in the 19th century , and originally connected the town centers of North Attleborough and Attleboro . Its western portion , between Mt . Hope Street and Robinson Avenue , roughly parallels the Ten Mile River , the power source for the industries during that time . The area has been industrially significant since the early 18th century , when a grist mill was operated near the falls . Industrial activity became more intense in the early 19th century , with the construction of the nation 's first button-making factory in 1809 , and a number of jewelry-related industries followed .
Robinson Avenue and the area just to its west was the site of several early factories . A wood frame factory stands at 35 Robinson Avenue , which was home to the B. S. Freeman Company , a jewelry maker , between 1858 and 1913 ; it may incorporate elements of an even older building in its rambling structure . A second jewelry factory , at 140 Commonwealth Avenue , was built in 1858 by V. H. Blackington . Both of the owners of these factories lived not far away , Blackington within this district at 172 Commonwealth Avenue , and Freeman lived to the west on Mt . Hope Street , in an area that is part of the Attleborough Falls Historic District . Later factory owners continued this trend , with Samuel Mason , a boxmaker , building a Gothic Revival house at 204 Commonwealth , and jewelry maker Frank Sturdy a Queen Anne Victorian at 234 Commonwealth .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County , Massachusetts
References
Historic districts in Bristol County , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County , Massachusetts
North Attleborough , Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Gita Dey ( 5 August 1931 – 17 January 2011 ) was an Indian actor in Bengali cinema , theatre and Bengali folk theater . They became a stage artist at the age of 6 years . They came to the film industry in 1943 . Them first film release was Ahuti ( 1941 ) as a child actor . They acted in over two hundred Bengali language films and over two thousand stage shows . They acted in the movie Teen Kanya under the direction of Satyajit Ray and Rittik Ghatak 's Meghe Dhaka Tara , Subarnarekha , Komal Gandhar , Kato Ajanare . They also acted in Hindi movies such as Parineeta ( 2005 ) with Vidya Balan and Sanjay Dutt and other movies . They were associated with All India Radio for a long time doing Shruti Natok . They received the Presidential Award for Lifetime Achievement from Dr. A.P.J . Abdul Kalam and many other awards during their lifetime .
Early life
They started as an actor in the Bengali film industry based in Kolkata 's Tollygunge since 1938 . Them first role was as a child artiste when they were six years old in Ahutee directed by Dhiren Ganguly .
Later career
They have been associated with All India Radio since 1954 , and enacted character roles in radio plays . However , their last play was Badsahi Chaal ( 1996 ) , which was directed by Ganesh Mukherjee , and was staged at the Rangana theatre in north Kolkata .
They acted diverse roles in a wide variety of films , and is known for their versatile outlook in their many roles . Them acting even caught the attention of the legendary Laurence Olivier .
Proficient in both negative and comic roles , Dey was brilliant in the role of torn and scheming mother in Ritwik Ghatak 's Meghe Dhaka Tara .
Throughout their long career , they worked with directors like Sisir Bhaduri , Ritwik Ghatak , Debaki Bose and Satyajit Ray . They also acted in a Bollywood musical based on Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay 's Parineeta , starring Saif Ali Khan and Vidya Balan .
Though ailing , they went on acting and won applause in recent films like Tolly Lights and Chirodini Tumi Je Amar .
Dey died on 17 January 2011 in Kolkata , aged 79 .
Filmography
Meghe Dhaka Tara ( 1960 )
Teen Kanya ( 1961 )
Dampati
Indrani ( 1958 )
Nauka Dubi
Malyadan ( 1971 )
Abhaya o Srikanta
Komol Gandher ( 1961 )
Abhaya o Srikanta
Dainee ( 1961 )
Kathin Maya ( 1961 )
Kanchanmulya ( 1961 )
Sathi Hara ( 1961 )
Kancher Swarga ( 1962 )
Shubba Drishti ( 1962 )
Bandhan ( 1962 )
Saat Paake Bandha ( 1963 )
Dui Bari ( 1963 )
Chhaya Surya ( 1963 )
Nishipadma
Sesh Porjonto ( 1969 )
Bagh Bondi Khela ( 1975 )
Datta ( film ) ( 1976 )
Surya Sakhi ( 1981 )
Dui Bhai
Ahoban
Barnochora
Pita Putro
Mouchak
Hirer Shikal ( 1988 )
Mahaprithibi ( 1991 )
Tolly Lights
Santan ( 1999 )
Chirodini Tumi Je Amar
Kathavasheshan ( Malayalam )
Parineeta
Awards
For their lifetime contributions to Bengali cinema , in 1998 they received a star medal from the University of Calcutta from the then Governor of West Bengal Saiyid Nurul Hasan .
They also got the presidential award for lifetime contribution to Bengali cinema and theater .
References
1931 births
2011 deaths
Indian film actores
Indian television actores
Actresses in Bengali cinema
Indian stage actores
Actresses from Kolkata
Bengali television actores
20th-century Indian actores
Leander Rand ( October 7 , 1827 – February 12 , 1900 ) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada . They represented King 's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1886 to 1890 as a Liberal member .
They were born in Canning , Nova Scotia , the son of Stephen Strong Rand and Nancy Forsyth . In 1851 , Rand married Olivia Ann Borden . They were a major in the local militia and also served on the municipal council for King 's County .
References
1827 births
1900 deaths
Nova Scotia Liberal Party MLAs
The Uniform Prudent Management of Institutional Funds Act ( UPMIFA ) is a uniform act that provides guidance on investment decisions and endowment expenditures for nonprofit and charitable organizations . As of 2012 UPMIFA is the law in 49 states , the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands . Neither Pennsylvania nor Puerto Rico has adopted UPMIFA .
The major change in UPMIFA compared to the previous model law ( the Uniform Management of Institutional Funds Act ) is that it replaces a requirement that nonprofits can not spend below the original value of contributions or `` historic dollar value '' ( HDV ) with a new requirement that their investing and spending will be at a rate that will preserve the purchasing power of the principal over the long term .
The act also enshrines a `` charitable purpose doctrine '' into law , noting that investors must consider an investment 's relationship with their broader social mission .
History
Predecessor
The predecessor to UPMIFA , called the Uniform Management of Institutional Funds Act ( UMIFA ) , was approved by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws ( NCCUSL ) in 1972 and was enacted by 47 states . Under UMIFA a charity could spend from an endowment fund up to the amount of appreciation above the historic dollar value ( HDV ) , but could never spend below HDV .
As of March 2009 , the North Carolina Symphony had $ 6.9 million in its endowment but was unable to touch a penny because North Carolina law , at that time based on the UMIFA model , said that money could not be touched because the market value of the endowment was below HDV because of the slump on Wall Street . North Carolina has since adopted UPMIFA .
Enactment
The NCCUSL on July 13 , 2006 , approved UPMIFA as a replacement to UMIFA , adding the P for `` prudent '' , which emphasizes the perpetuation of the original purchasing power of the fund , not just the original dollars contributed to the fund .
A key provision of UPMIFA states that : `` Subject to the intent of a donor expressed in the gift instrument an institution may appropriate for expenditure or accumulate so much of an endowment fund as the institution determines is prudent for the uses , benefits , purposes , and duration for which the endowment fund is established .
This uniform law is adopted state by state , and therefore the law may be slightly different in each state . For example , on September 20 , 2010 , New York Gov . David Paterson signed into law the New York version of UPMIFA called the New York Prudent Management of Institutional Funds Act or NYPMIFA .
Impact on nonprofits
The major impact of UPMIFA on nonprofit endowments is that they are now allowed to spend from an `` underwater '' endowment if the governing board determines it is prudent to do so based on seven specific factors . Many states have adopted an optional provision to limit the spending to 7 % unless the board can show that the spending meets UPMIFA 's standards of prudence .
This board-approved spending policy must be based on the average market value of the endowment investments over the 12 quarters ( or more ) immediately preceding the calculation . This aspect of UPMIFA applies only to permanent restricted endowments , which are restricted by the donor or law .
In addition , UPMIFA contains several standards of prudence regarding investing decisions and delegation of investment management .
In March and April 2009 , the Association of Governing Boards of Universities and Colleges ( AGB ) conducted a survey of colleges , universities and affiliated foundations in states in which UPMIFA has been enacted to learn how institutions have been managing endowment spending under UPMIFA . The survey found that :
On average , 38 percent of the dollar value of participants total endowment pool was underwater as of December 31 , 2008 .
31.3 percent are continuing distributions in keeping with their normal spending rule
26.8 percent are suspending distributions from funds at or below HDV
15.6 percent are making distributions from underwater funds at some rate less than their normal spending rule by yielding more than interest and dividends
9.5 percent are distributing only interest and dividends
Harvey Dale , director of the National Center on Philanthropy and the Law at New York University , said changing the law is long overdue . `` There are a lot of more recent funds that have gone underwater because of the current financial tsunami , '' Dale said . `` So what do you do ? If you 're in a state that still has UMIFA , you 're screwed . ''
Rebeka Mazzone , CPA , recommends : `` [ Today 's boards ] ... need to consider what spending rules would be reasonable and appropriate in relation to the assets available , the wishes of the donor , the role that each investment or course of action plays within the overall investment portfolio , and the needs of the institution and the fund to make distributions and to preserve capital . ''
Prudence and climate
Some , such as former SEC commissioner Bevis Longstreth , whose work informed the drafting of UPMIFA , have proposed applying the prudence standard under the act to inform questions of climate risk . In 2016 , Longstreth wrote a draft interpretive release for state AGs , noting that under the act , institutions that expose themselves to investment in companies materially dependent on long-term carbon emissions ( such as the fossil fuel industry ) could be found to be acting imprudently and at odds with their charitable mission .
In December 2020 , alumni at Boston College filed a complaint with Massachusetts AG Maura Healey , asserting that Boston College 's refusal to divest from fossil fuels violated the college 's duties under UPMIFA . In March 2021 , students , faculty , and alumni at Harvard University filed a similar complaint , arguing that investment in the industry violates the Harvard Corporation 's duties of loyalty , prudence and charitable purpose under the act .
External links
Actual text of the California Uniform Prudent Management of Institutional Funds Act .
References
Uniform Acts
Charity law
Kirstin Cairns ( born 11 January 1963 in Isle of Bute ) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and in the 1988 Winter Olympics .
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
People from the Isle of Bute
Scottish female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Argyll and Bute
Glionectria is a genus of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae . It is a monotypic genus containing the sole species Glionectria tenuis .
External links
Nectriaceae genera
Monotypic Sordariomycetes genera
The Myanmar Traditional Lethwei Federation ( MTLF ) ( ) is one of two major organizations which sanctions professional Lethwei bouts worldwide and the only one who oversees Lethwei competitions in Myanmar .
History
The Myanmar Traditional Lethwei Federation or MTLF is a branch of the Myanmar 's Ministry of Health and Sports . The federation was initially founded in 1995 as the Myanmar Traditional Boxing Federation , since Lethwei is translated to Boxing in Burmese language . In 2019 , the federation adapted its name to the MTLF - Myanmar Traditional Lethwei Federation , reflecting a more modern approach to the world .
Competitions and organizations sanctioned by the MTLF
All Lethwei events across Myanmar
World Lethwei Championship
Internation Lethwei Federation Japan
Taiwan Lethwei Federation
Lethwei in Japan
In 2016 , the MTLF granted a ‘ 'Grade-A '' promoter licence from the International Lethwei Federation Japan allowing them to organize traditional Lethwei events in Japan .
Sponsorships
Since 1990 's , MTLF has been the sponsor of Thein Pyu Stadium in Yangon , Myanmar and holds an office space in the premise .
See also
List of Lethwei fighters
World Lethwei Championship
Internation Lethwei Federation Japan
References
External links
Lethwei organizations
Sports ministries
Lethwei
Sports organizations established in 1995
William T. Andrews ( 1898–1984 ) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from New York .
Life
They were born in Sumter , South Carolina , in 1898 . Andrews married Regina M. Anderson on April 10 , 1926 . They were a Special Legal Assistant for the NAACP and was responsible for investigating allegations of Jim Crow discrimination in Hillburn , NY in the 1930s .
They were a member of the New York State Assembly in 1935 , 1936 , 1937 , 1938 , 1939–40 , 1941–42 , 1943–44 , 1945–46 and 1947–48 .
They died in 1984 ;
Sources
1898 births
1984 deaths
People from Sumter , South Carolina
People from Manhattan
New York ( state ) Democrats
Members of the New York State Assembly
African-American state legislators in New York ( state )
20th-century American politicians
20th-century African-American politicians
African-American men in politics
The Guamanian records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from Guam , which are recognised and ratified by the Guam Swimming Federation .
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise .
Long Course ( 50 m )
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Short Course ( 25 m )
Men
Women
Mixed relay
References
External links
Guam Swimming Federation web site
Guam Long Course Records
Guam
Records
Frank Conrad ( May 4 , 1874 – December 10 , 1941 ) was an electrical engineer , best known for radio development , including their work as a pioneer broadcaster . They worked for the Westinghouse Electrical and Manufacturing Company in East Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania for half a century . Their experimental radio station provided the inspiration , and they acted in an advisory role , for the establishment of Westinghouse 's first broadcasting service , over radio station KDKA .
Early life
Conrad was born May 4 , 1874 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , the son of Herbert M. Conrad , a railroad mechanic , and Sadie Conrad . Their formal education ended with 7th grade , however in 1928 their work would be recognized with an honorary Doctor of Science degree from the University of Pittsburgh . They began employment at the Westinghouse Electrical and Manufacturing Company at age 16 , and at 23 began working in Westinghouse 's Testing Department , where they and another engineer , H. P. Davis , developed the first circular-type watt-hour meter ( known as the 'Round Type ' ) . In 1937 , it was estimated that 30 million induction-type watt-hour meters were in use . In 1904 , the company appointed them General Engineer , and they were promoted to Assistant Chief Engineer in 1921 . Conrad was awarded more than 200 patents internationally throughout their life . They were awarded 177 U.S. patents , and at least 42 in the United Kingdom and at least 9 in Germany
Early radio work
Conrad first became interested in radio in 1913 , the result of a bet with a co-worker over whose watch was more accurate . Conrad won the bet , in part because they secretly replaced their cheap watch 's internal components with the mechanism from a more expensive watch . While conducting the time comparisons , Conrad began to doubt the accuracy of time signals provided by a Western Union telegraph service , so they built a simple radio receiver to pick up the official Naval Observatory time signals , broadcast nightly by station NAA in Arlington , Virginia . With this receiver they also overheard transmissions being made by a neighbor , John Coleman , so Conrad built a transmitter in order to communicate with Coleman and other local amateur radio operators . After moving from Swissvale to Wilkinsburg , Pennsylvania , they installed a radio station on the top floor of a two-story garage adjacent to their home . In the summer of 1916 this station was issued an Experimental license , with the call sign 8XK . At this time the station employed a spark-transmitter , thus could only be used for Morse code transmissions .
In April 1917 , due to the entrance of the United States into World War One , all civilian radio stations were ordered silenced , including 8XK . During the war Westinghouse was awarded government contracts related to developing radio technology , and Conrad worked on improvements to radio equipment ( SCR-69 transmitter and SCR-70 receiver ) for the Army Signal Corps . In addition to Morse code , this development work included radiotelephone transmissions , using the recently developed capabilities of vacuum-tube transmitters . In conjunction with their wartime work Conrad was authorized to operate a radio transmitter from their home , using the call sign 3WE , for communication with a second station located at the Westinghouse plant in East Pittsburgh . They also produced a wind-driven electrical generator , attached to a plane 's wing , for powering a radio transmitter .
Effective October 1 , 1919 , the ban on civilian radio stations was lifted . Although their station would not be formally relicensed until January 21 , 1921 , Conrad resumed experimenting , again using the 8XK callsign , and now also testing vacuum-tube radiotelephone equipment .
They were responsible for one of the country 's first post-war radio broadcasts , when , on the evening of October 17 , 1919 , they entertained local amateurs with selections from phonograph records . This was the start of a series of test broadcasts , and the novelty of the entertainment proved popular with their audience . Responding to their interest , Conrad adopted a semi-regular schedule , primarily consisting of two hours on Saturday and also Wednesday nights . ( The broadcasts were n't universally appreciated , as their wife later reported that they also `` used to get phone calls at all hours of the day and night telling them to get off the air '' . )
Most of these early broadcasts consisted of music , provided from Conrad 's record collection . After they exhausted this resource , they struck a deal with the local Brunswick Shop : in exchange for the store supplying them with recently released records , they would provide on-air acknowledgements . ( The son of the Brunswick Shop 's owner had been assisting Conrad ) . Conrad 's sons and niece were talented musicians and helped provide the entertainment . They also ran a telephone line from their home 's music room to the transmitter in the garage , so performers could use the family piano . On June 26 , 1920 , a special concert was broadcast for the patients at the Tuberculosis League Hospital .
Conrad also continued to conduct experimental radio work . In the summer of 1920 , the American Radio Relay League , in conjunction with the United States Bureau of Standards , conducted a series of tests investigating the phenomenon of radio signal `` fading '' –the variations in signal strength that affected long-distance signals during nighttime operation . 8XK was one of the key stations participating in these tests .
Broadcasting station KDKA
In late 1920 , 8XK 's entertainment broadcasts would spark Westinghouse 's entry into the broadcasting field . The Joseph Horne department store ran daily full-page advertisements in the Pittsburgh papers , and its September 23 placement noted that the store had started selling simple `` wireless receiving stations '' . Then , in the September 29 installment , the ad mentioned that the Horne staff had recently heard an `` air concert '' from Conrad 's station . Upon seeing this latest ad , Westinghouse vice president H. P. Davis immediately began to spearhead the construction of a Westinghouse broadcasting station . Their idea was that the company could start selling its own radio receivers to the general public , with the free daily entertainment offered by a broadcasting station stimulating sales .
The American Radio Relay League had already set up a program for various amateur stations to distribute voting results on election day , November 2 , and in the Pittsburgh area 8XK had been scheduled to be the local participant . However , Westinghouse decided to inaugurate its new broadcasting service on the same night , so Conrad switched to supporting that effort instead . Westinghouse 's election night broadcast was successfully conducted over station 8ZZ ( soon to become KDKA ) in East Pittsburgh , with Conrad maintaining a watch at their Wilkinsburg garage , ready to have 8XK take over if 8ZZ had experienced problems .
Westinghouse went on to have a leading role in the development of radio broadcasting in the United States . Conrad revised their earlier receiver designs to create consumer products for the company 's new customers , and when Westinghouse began selling model RA Tuners and DA Detectors in early 1921 , they were advertised as employing `` the latest ideas of two noted engineers , Edwin H. Armstrong and Frank Conrad '' .
Later life
Conrad ended their entertainment broadcasts soon after the establishment of KDKA , although 8XK was one of the primary participants in the February 1921 `` Washington 's Birthday Relay '' , in which amateur stations received and retransmitted nationwide a special thirty-word messages . They also continued doing groundbreaking radio research . While investigating transmitter `` harmonics '' –unwanted additional radio signals produced at higher frequencies than a station 's normal transmission frequency–he unexpectedly found that in some cases the harmonics could be heard farther than the primary signal , something previously thought impossible , as high-frequency radio signals , which had poor groundwave coverage , were thought to have a much more limited transmission range . This led Westinghouse to begin evaluating the commercial potential of shortwave transmissions . In 1924 , Conrad demonstrated to RCA 's David Sarnoff that low-powered shortwave signals from East Pittsburgh could be readily received in London , using a simple receiver with a curtain rod as an antenna . This matched , at a small fraction of the cost , the performance of the then-current RCA method for transatlantic radio , which used massive longwave Alexanderson alternator transmitters for producing signals that were sent and received using antennas with lengths measured in kilometers .
Conrad 's last license for 8XK was deleted on November 3 , 1924 . The next month Westinghouse arranged to have the callsign of an experimental station in East Pittsburgh changed from 8XAU to 8XK , and the historic call began to be heard worldwide , conducting shortwave transmission tests . In 1928 , Conrad demonstrated a movie-film-to-television converter at Westinghouse , and they also did research in narrow-band FM transmissions .
Death and legacy
Conrad retired from Westinghouse in 1940 . They suffered a heart attack on November 6 , 1941 while driving to their winter home in Miami , Florida , and died there on December 10 , 1941 .
They received numerous awards for their work , including , from the American Institute of Electrical Engineers , the 1930 Edison Medal `` for their contributions to radio broadcasting and short wave radio transmission '' , and the 1936 Lamme Medal `` for pioneering and basic developments in the fields of electric metering and protective services '' . In 2001 , the Wilkinsburg garage that had housed 8XK was carefully dismantled and placed into storage by the National Museum of Broadcasting , with the hope that it can some day be rebuilt to house a broadcasting museum . In the A Return to Normalcy episode of the TV program Boardwalk Empire , employing artistic license , Frank Conrad is portrayed as the person announcing the 1920 election results from Pittsburgh .
A dramatization of Conrad 's life and their relationship with their wife Flora premiered as a stage musical in the Washington D.C. area under the title On Air .
References
External links
`` Frank Conrad , KDKA Founder , Dies in Miami '' ( obituary ) , Pittsburgh Press , December 11 , 1941 .
`` Frank Conrad : Biography '' , Engineering and Technology History Wiki ( ethw.org )
`` Conrad 's Garage – Lost and Found Sound : Replaying the Earliest Days of Radio '' . National Public Radio All Things Considered documentary about Conrad 's work , November 30 , 2005 ( npr.org )
`` Frank Conrad '' by James E. Brittain , Proceedings of the IEEE , June 2007 , pages 1378–1380 ( ieee.org )
`` Milestones : Westinghouse Radio Station KDKA , 1920 '' , dedicated June 1994 , Engineering and Technology History Wiki ( ethw.org )
1874 births
1941 deaths
Radio pioneers
American electrical engineers
Radio personalities from Pittsburgh
Fellow Members of the IEEE
IEEE Edison Medal recipients
IEEE Lamme Medal recipients
Engineers from Pennsylvania
19th-century American engineers
20th-century American engineers
The 2020–21 Oklahoma Sooners basketball team represented the University of Oklahoma in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . They were led by 10th-year head coach Lon Kruger and played their home games at the Lloyd Noble Center in Norman , Oklahoma , as members of the Big 12 Conference . They finished the season 16–11 , 9–8 in Big 12 play to finish in a tie for sixth place . As the No . 7 seed in the Big 12 Tournament , they defeated Iowa State before losing to Kansas in the quarterfinals . They received an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament as the No . 8 seed in the West region . There they defeated Missouri in the First Round before losing to Gonzaga in the Second Round .
On March 25 , 2021 , head coach Lon Kruger retired as head coach after 10 years at Oklahoma and 45 years of coaching . On April 3 , the school named Loyola coach Porter Moser the new head coach .
Previous season
The Sooners finished the 2019–20 season with an overall record of 19–11 , 9–9 in Big 12 play to finish in a tie for third place . All postseason tournaments were canceled due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic .
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2020 recruiting class
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
! colspan=9 style=|Regular season
|-
! colspan=9 style=| Big 12 Tournament
|-
! colspan=9 style=| NCAA tournament
|-
Source
References
Oklahoma
Oklahoma Sooners men 's basketball seasons
Oklahoma
John McEnroe was the defending champion , but did not participate this year .
Ivan Lendl won the tournament , beating Joakim Nyström in the final , 6–2 , 6–2 , 6–4 .
Seeds
Ivan Lendl ( champion )
Joakim Nyström ( final )
Anders Järryd ( semifinals )
Miloslav Mečíř ( semifinals )
Henrik Sundström ( first round )
Tomáš Šmíd ( first round )
Jakob Hlasek ( quarterfinals )
Jan Gunnarsson ( second round )
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Main draw
Milan Indoor
1986 Grand Prix ( tennis )
Milan
Penicillium philippinense is a species of fungus in the genus Penicillium .
References
philippinense
Fungi described in 1972
Bradley A. Winchester ( born March 1 , 1981 ) is an American former professional ice hockey left winger . They were selected in the second round of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft , 35th overall , by the Edmonton Oilers .
Playing career
Winchester spent two seasons with the U.S. National Team Development Program , then moved to their hometown University of Wisconsin–Madison , where they played for four seasons . At six feet , five inches tall and 228 pounds , was the largest player the Oilers had drafted since the 1995 NHL Entry Draft . In December 2000 , Winchester participated in the World Junior Hockey Championship with the United States , finishing in fourth position .
Winchester made their professional debut in the 2003–04 American Hockey League season , playing for Edmonton 's farm affiliate , the Toronto Roadrunners . They moved with the team to Edmonton during the 2004–05 NHL lockout , where they tied for the team lead in goals and was six points behind Tony Salmelainen and Raffi Torres for the team scoring lead . Winchester split 2005–06 between the Oilers and the Hamilton Bulldogs , going scoreless during the NHL regular season but scoring the game-winning goal in their playoff debut , the second game of a series with the number one seeded Detroit Red Wings . Their goal gave the eighth seeded Oilers their first win in the series on the road . The Oilers went on to lose to the Carolina Hurricanes in seven games of the Stanley Cup final , with Winchester spending most of the latter games as a healthy scratch .
On June 26 , 2007 , the Oilers declined to make Winchester a qualifying offer , which allowed them to become an unrestricted free agent as of July 1 , and on the 6th , they signed with the Dallas Stars . After playing in 41 games for Dallas in 2007–08 , Winchester signed with the St. Louis Blues on July 10 , 2008 . They were recalled from the Blues ' Peoria Rivermen ( AHL ) affiliate on November 20 , 2008 .
On February 28 , 2011 , Winchester was traded from the Blues to the Anaheim Ducks for a 3rd round draft pick in 2012 .
On October 3 , 2011 , Winchester signed a one-year , $ 725,000 deal with the San Jose Sharks .
A free agent through the duration of the 2012–13 NHL lockout , Winchester accepted a try-out to the Calgary Flames training camp once the dispute was resolved on January 12 , 2013 . At the conclusion of camp , Winchester was unsuccessful and released by the Flames . On January 22 , midway through the 2012–13 AHL season , Winchester signed a professional try-out with the Milwaukee Admirals .
On July 24 , 2013 , Winchester agreed to a one-year contract as a free agent with the Chicago Blackhawks . They were assigned to AHL affiliate , the Rockford IceHogs , to start the 2013–14 season . On February 26 , 2014 , Winchester was traded by the Blackhawks to the Minnesota Wild in exchange for Brian Connelly . Winchester was not re-signed by the Wild after the conclusion of the season and on September 11 , 2014 , the Norfolk Admirals announced they had signed him . Winchester recorded 9 points in 15 games before suffering a shoulder injury with the Admirals on January 15 , 2015 . Winchester was traded by Norfolk to the Oklahoma City Barons for future considerations on March 6 , 2015 .
On September 17 , 2015 , Winchester announced they were retiring from professional hockey .
Personal
In December 2012 , Brad and their father , the former NCAA standout Gary Winchester , were honored by the Wisconsin Badgers when they were selected as honorary captains for the team 's games held on December 13 and 14 .
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1981 births
American men 's ice hockey left wingers
Anaheim Ducks players
Edmonton Oilers draft picks
Edmonton Oilers players
Edmonton Road Runners players
Dallas Stars players
Hamilton Bulldogs ( AHL ) players
Ice hockey players from Wisconsin
Iowa Stars players
Iowa Wild players
Living people
Milwaukee Admirals players
Norfolk Admirals players
Oklahoma City Barons players
Peoria Rivermen ( AHL ) players
Rockford IceHogs ( AHL ) players
St. Louis Blues players
San Jose Sharks players
Sportspeople from Madison , Wisconsin
Toronto Roadrunners players
Wisconsin Badgers men 's ice hockey players
Ravens Mountains ( ) is a symmetrical group of mountains on the west side of Hughes Basin in Britannia Range , Antarctica The mountains are 12 nautical miles ( 22 km ) long and rise to 2130 m in Doll Peak . Named after the 109th Airlift Wing of the New York Air National Guard which has provided logistical support to the United States Antarctic Program ( USAP ) for several years beginning in 1988 . Ravens is a nickname associated with the Airlift Wing .
Notable peaks
Aldi Peak ( ) is a peak rising to at the west end of the Ravens Mountains . Named after Louis M. Aldi who served as the 109 Airlift Wing Command Chief Master Sergeant during the transition of Lockheed LC-130 operations from the U.S. Navy to the Air National Guard
Doll Peak ( ) is a peak rising to 2,130 metres ( 7,000 ft ) in the northwest part of the Ravens Mountains , Britannia Range . It was named after Brigadier General Karl H. Doll , who served as Director of Operations of the 109th Tactical Airlift Group and was instrumental in early transition planning of the LC-130 operations from the U.S. Navy to the Air National Guard . [ 1 ] ]
References
Mountain ranges of Oates Land
Sir Richard Stanley Barratt , CBE , QPM ( 11 August 1928 – 5 May 2013 ) was Chief Inspector of Constabulary from 1987 to 1990 .
Education
Barratt was educated at Saltley Grammar School .
Career
They joined Birmingham City Police in 1949 , rising to become Chief Inspector . They were with Cheshire Police from 1965 to 1966 ( Superintendent to Chief Superintendent ) ; and with the Manchester Force from 1967 to 1975 ( Assistant Chief Constable to Deputy Chief Constable ) . They were Chief Constable of South Yorkshire Police from 1975 to 1978 when they joined Them Majesty 's Inspectorate of Constabulary .
Reports
Awards
They were awarded the Queen 's Police Medal in 1973 . They were appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1979 , and was knighted in 1984 .
Private life
In 1952 they married Sarah Elizabeth Hale : they had one son and two daughters .
References
|-
1928 births
2013 deaths
People educated at Saltley Grammar School
British Chief Constables
English recipients of the Queen 's Police Medal
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Knights Bachelor
Chief Inspectors of Constabulary ( England and Wales )
Spike Magazine is an internet cultural journal which began in 1995 , founded by its editor Chris Mitchell in Brighton , England . Updated monthly , its motto is `` picking the brains of popular culture '' , though it has an intellectual inclination .
Description
The focus of the magazine is mainly literary , and it features an extensive and eclectic back catalogue of book reviews , all available from the site 's front page . It also includes features on a variety of subjects ( including cinema and politics ) , music reviews , interviews , and the ongoing `` blog '' journal Splinters
Spike has had contributors from around the world over the years making for very varied outlooks . The general tone however tends towards the counter-cultural , controversial and left-wing , with a frequent championing of lesser-known writers . Nonetheless , Spike has managed to obtain interviews with a variety of big-name authors over the years , including J. G. Ballard , Will Self , Jeff Noon , Iain Banks , Hubert Selby Jr , Gitta Sereny , P. J. O'Rourke , Quentin Crisp , Nick Hornby , and Julie Burchill .
It contains separate sections devoted to news on Ballard , Noon , Self and Irvine Welsh .
Some of the main writers over the years have been Chris Mitchell himself , Stephen Mitchelmore , Ben Granger , Ismo Santala ( the former three also having been regular contributors to the Splinters blog ) , Chris Hall , Gary Marshall , Eric Saeger , Ian Hocking , Robin Askew , Nick Clapson , Jayne Margetts , Craig Johnson , Katrina Gulliver , Nathan Cain , Nick Clapson , Dan Coxon and Adam Baron .
Spike Magazine ceased to run new articles in 2012 , but the archive is still available online .
External links
Spike Magazine
Splinters
britlitblogs.com
In October 2010 , a free 600 page PDF anthology of the best of Spike Magazine was made available to download from the site .
Independent Spike media profiles
Good Web Guide overview
Writers Reign overview
Zine-o-Rama overview
Complete Review overview
1995 establishments in the United Kingdom
Defunct literary magazines published in the United Kingdom
Online magazines published in the United Kingdom
Book review magazines
British literature websites
Magazines established in 1995
Cultural magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines disestablished in 2012
Mass media in East Sussex
Kargın , Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk , Ankara Province , Turkey .
References
Villages in Çubuk District
Lilias , Yoga and You ( later shortened to Lilias ! ) is a PBS television show hosted by Lilias Folan , a Cincinnati , Ohio based practitioner of yoga as exercise . The show first aired on October 5 , 1970 on Cincinnati PBS member station WCET and three years later was carried on PBS across the United States , where it ran until 1999 .
Yoga presenter
Lilias Folan ( born 1936 ) began to practice yoga as exercise in 1964 , and was soon teaching at the YWCA in Stamford , Connecticut . They studied asanas under the yoga masters T. K. V. Desikachar , B. K. S. Iyengar , and Angela Farmer , and gained wider knowledge of yoga under the Sivananda Yoga masters Swami Vishnudevananda and Swami Satchidananda . They joined the Connecticut ashram of the Divine Life Society led by Swami Chidananda . In the 1980s they met Swami Muktananda , creator of Siddha Yoga , who told them to teach meditation . Through their show they became known to Americans as the `` First Lady of Yoga '' . They are married with two sons and seven grandchildren .
Lilias ! Yoga Gets Better With Age
WCET premiered Lilias ! Yoga Gets Better With Age in March 2006 , highlighting Folan 's career and exploring the impact yoga has on the mind , body and spirit .
Books and other media
Folan has published four books : Lilias , Yoga and You ( 1972 ) , Lilias , Yoga and Your Life ( 1981 ) , Lilias ! Yoga Gets Better With Age ( 2005 ) , and Lilias ! Yoga : Your Guide to Enhancing Body , Mind , and Spirit in Midlife and Beyond ( November 1 , 2011 )
Several VHS and DVD recordings of their yoga routines have been released , plus an audio-only book , Lilias Yoga Complete ( 1987 ) , and one meditation CD , The Inner Smile ( 1998 ) .
Music
The music playing during the show 's opening credits was `` The Valley of the Bells '' from Maurice Ravel 's Miroirs .
Commentary
San Francisco Chronicle columnist Gerald Nachman observed of the television program in 1979 , `` My yoga lady remains a mystery woman , a comely creature from a distant planet ... Lilias is demure and quite serious ... By far their most intriguing aspect is that they never sweats ... They seem friendly , but if you tried flirting , I suspect she 'd politely guide the conversation back to firming up those inner thighs . ''
See also
Folan ( surname )
References
Sources
External links
Lilias Yoga website
LILIAS FOLAN : First Lady of Yoga Cincinnati Fifty Plus ! August 2003 By Kirstin Taylor
Yoga mass media
Exercise television shows
PBS original programming
1972 American television series debuts
1999 American television series endings
Mass media in Cincinnati
1980s American television series
Harald Andreas Rød ( 29 July 1907 – 14 August 1982 ) was a Norwegian farmer and politician for the Centre Party .
They were born in Frogn as a son of farmers , and became a farmer at Huseby near Drøbak . In 1945 they became the first chairperson of Norges Bygdeungdomslag . They also served as mayor of Frogn from 1946 to 1961 . As such they were also a member of the county council .
They died in August 1982 .
References
1907 births
1982 deaths
People from Frogn
Norwegian farmers
Mayors of places in Akershus
Centre Party ( Norway ) politicians
Narong Wongthongkam ( ; born October 2 , 1982 ) is a Thai former professional footballer .
Match fixing scandal and ban
On February 21 , 2017 Narong was accused of match-fixing on several league games . They were arrested by royal thai police and banned from football for life .
References
External links
Profile at Goal
http : //th.soccerway.com/players/narong-wongthongkam/287258/
1982 births
Living people
Narong Wongthongkam
Narong Wongthongkam
Association football goalkeepers
Narong Wongthongkam
Narong Wongthongkam
Narong Wongthongkam
Tigerstripe Ridge ( ) is the north ridge of Flagship Mountain , notable for the alternating stripes of rock and snow which extend over much of its length , in the Convoy Range , Victoria Land . Descriptively named from the tigerlike stripes by a 1989-90 New Zealand Antarctic Research Program ( NZARP ) field party .
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
is a single by Japanese entertainer Rie Tomosaka , released on January 27 , 1999 . `` Cappuccino '' and its B-side `` Mokuren no Cream '' were both written by musician Ringo Sheena . In 2014 , Sheena released a cover of the song on their album Gyakuyunyū : Kōwankyoku , which reached number 98 on the Billboard Adult Alternative Chart .
Background and development
`` Cappuccino '' was the lead single from their album Murasaki. , released one month beforehand . Them previous album , Un , was produced by Yasushi Akimoto . Tomosaka had released two singles in 1998 , `` Koishiteru '' and `` Itoshii Toki . '' `` Koishiteru '' was produced by Seiji Kameda , who also worked on `` Cappuccino . ''
`` Cappuccino '' and `` Mokuren no Cream '' were the second and third songs Ringo Sheena had produced for another musician , after the Ryōko Hirosue song `` Private . '' Sheena worked extensively with Tomosaka , also writing the song `` Shampoo '' for Murasaki . and Tomosaka 's next single `` Shōjo Robot '' ( including its B-sides `` Ikenai Ko '' and `` Nippon ni Umarete '' ) . They worked together with Sheena again in 2009 on their post-hiatus album Toridori. , with the songs `` Tokai no Manner '' and `` Kodomo no Jōkei . ''
Sheena first performed `` Cappuccino '' live at their Jisaku Jien Nama Jitsuenkai concert on June 14 , 1999 . In 2014 , Sheena released a cover of the song on their album Gyakuyunyū : Kōwankyoku .
Promotion and release
The song was used as an ending theme song for the NTV variety show TV Ojamanbō in 1999 , a tie-up that had previously gone to the Ryōko Hirosue song `` Private . ''
A music video was produced to promote the song . It features scenes of Tomosaka swinging on a neon pole in a black room , as well as scenes of them in a white room holding a lily .
Track listing
Chart rankings
Sales and certifications
Release history
References
1999 singles
Japanese-language songs
Ringo Sheena songs
Songs written by Ringo Sheena
Rie Tomosaka songs
Song recordings produced by Seiji Kameda
1999 songs
Traître may refer to :
Le Traitre , pamphlet by Jacques Bahar 1898
Le Traître , novel by André Gorz 1958
Baie des Traitres
`` Traîtres '' , song by Lacrim 2017
Alive is an album by Brazilian hard rock band Dr . Sin . It was recorded during their 1997/1998 concert tour . This album contains 7 live tracks and 2 new studio tracks .
Track listing
Personnel
Andria Busic – ( Bass/Lead Vocals )
Ivan Busic – ( Drums/Backing Vocals )
Eduardo Ardanuy – ( Guitars )
References
Dr . Sin albums
1999 live albums
A young adult is generally a person in the years following adolescence . Definitions and opinions on what qualifies as a young adult vary , with works such as Erik Erikson 's stages of human development significantly influencing the definition of the term ; generally , the term is often used to refer to adults in approximately the 20s and 30s age range . The young adult stage in human development precedes middle adulthood .
Time co-ordinates
For a variety of reasons , timelines on young adulthood can not be exactly defined—producing different results according to the different mix of overlapping indices ( legal , maturational , occupational , sexual , emotional and the like ) employed , or on whether ' a developmental perspective ... [ or ] the socialization perspective is taken . 'Sub-phases in this timetable of psycho-social growth patterns ... are not rigid , and both social change and individual variations must be taken into account'—not to mention regional and cultural differences . Arguably indeed , with people living longer , and also reaching puberty earlier , 'age norms for major life events have become highly elastic ' by the twenty-first century .
Some have suggested that , after Pre-adulthood ... in the first 20 years or so ... the second era , Early Adulthood , lasts from about age 17 to 45 ... the adult era of the greatest energy and abundance and of the greatest contradiction and stress . ' Within that framework , 'the Early Adult Transition ( 17–22 ) is a developmental bridge between pre-adulthood and early adulthood ' , recognizing that 'the transition into adulthood is not a clear-cut dividing line ' . One might alternatively speak of ' a Provisional Adulthood ( 18–30 ) ... [ & ] the initiation to First Adulthood ' as following that . Alternatively , MIT has generally defined `` young adulthood '' as 18 to 22 or 25 .
Despite all such fluidity , there is broad agreement that it is essentially the twenties and thirties which constitute Early adulthood ... the basis for what Levinson calls the Dream—a vision of their [ or her ] goals in life which provide motivation and enthusiasm for the future . '
Health
Young/prime adulthood can be considered the healthiest time of life and young adults are generally in good health , subject neither to disease nor the problems of senescence . Strength and physical performance reach their peak from 18 to 39 years of age . Flexibility may decrease with age throughout adulthood .
Women reach their peak fertility in their early 20s .
At age 30
75 % will have a conception ending in a live birth within one year
91 % will have a conception ending in a live birth within four years .
At age 35
66 % will have a conception ending in a live birth within one year
84 % will have a conception ending in a live birth within four years .
At age 40
44 % will have a conception ending in a live birth within one year
64 % will have a conception ending in a live birth within four years .
In developed countries , mortality rates for the 18–40 age group are typically very low . Men are more likely to die at this age than women , particularly in the 18–25 group : reasons include car accidents and suicide . Mortality statistics among men and women level off during the late twenties and thirties , due in part to good health and less risk-taking behavior .
Regarding disease , cancer is much less common in young than in older adults . Exceptions are testicular cancer , cervical cancer , and Hodgkin 's lymphoma . In sub-Saharan Africa , HIV/AIDS has hit the early adult population particularly hard . According to a United Nations report , AIDS has significantly increased mortality of between ages 20 to 55 for African males and 20 to 45 for African females , reducing the life expectancy in South Africa by 18 years and in Botswana by 34 years .
Erik Erikson 's theories of early adulthood
According to Erik Erikson , in the wake of the adolescent emphasis upon identity formation , 'the young adult , emerging from the search for and insistence on identity , is eager and willing to fuse their identity with that of others . They [ or she ] is ready for intimacy , that is , the capacity to commit ... to concrete affiliations and partnerships . ' To do so mean the ability 'to face the fear of ego loss in situations which call for self-abandon : in the solidarity of close affiliations , in orgasms and sexual unions , in close friendships and in physical combat ' . Avoidance of such experiences 'because of a fear of ego-loss may lead to a deep sense of isolation and consequent self-absorption ' .
Where isolation is avoided , the young adult may find instead that 'satisfactory sex relations ... in some ways take the edge off the hostilities and potential rages caused by the oppositeness of male and female , of fact and fancy , of love and hate ' ; and may grow into the ability to exchange intimacy , love and compassion .
In modern societies , young adults in their late teens and early 20s encounter a number of issues as they finish school and begin to hold full-time jobs and take on other responsibilities of adulthood ; and 'the young adult is usually preoccupied with self-growth in the context of society and relationships with others . ' The danger is that in 'the second era , Early Adulthood ... we must make crucially important choices regarding marriage , family , work , and lifestyle before we have the maturity or life experience to choose wisely . '
While 'young adulthood is filled with avid quests for intimate relationships and other major commitments involving career and life goals ' , there is also `` a parallel pursuit for the formulation of a set of moral values '' . Erikson has argued that it is only now that what they call the 'ideological mind ' of adolescence gives way to 'that ethical sense which is the mark of the adult . '
Reaching adulthood in modern society is not always a linear or clean transition . As generations continue to adapt , new markers of adulthood are created that add different social expectations of what it means to be an adult .
Daniel Levinson 's Theory of Adult Development
Daniel Levinson argued that developmental sequences continue to occur as we transition into adulthood . Levinson 's theory centers around Erik Erikson 's conception of life courses . This theory of Erikson includes patterns and relationships of events for the person 's life that distinguishes them . The study of the life courses covers all aspects of the life relationships , internal and external feelings , bodily changes , and the good and bad times that are experienced . Preadulthood , Early Adulthood , Middle Adulthood , and Late Adulthood are the four eras that constitute the life course . Preadulthood begins with conception and continues to roughly the age of 22 . During these years the person grows from being extremely dependent and undifferentiated to being a more independent responsible adult . This is the era that we see the most biopsychosocial growth . The Early Adulthood Transition is part of this first stage while also being a part of the second stage , this is from the age of 17 to 22 . Here is when the preadulthood era begins to draw to a close and the transition to early adulthood begins . It is here that the individual begins to modify their relationship from the preadult world so that they fit better to the adult world they are creating . The second era Early adulthood begins at age 17 and goes till 45 . It begins during the early adulthood transition , and has the greatest amount of energy , contradiction and stress . This is typically the time for forming and pursuing aspirations , finding a place in society , forming families and as the era ends establishing a solid position in the adult world . The third period ( Middle Adulthood ) begins at age 45 and goes till 65 , here we begin to see a decline in our biological capacities , the decline is not enough to completely deplete us of the energy we had during early adulthood and it allows for us to continue to have a socially valuable life . The final era is late adulthood this begins with age 65 and goes till death . In this era the individual has to find a new balance between involvement with society and the self . The individual is experiencing more fully the process of dying and here should be given the ability to freely choose the mode of life .
Settling down
After the relative upheaval of the early 30s , the middle to late 30s are often characterized by settling down : 'the establishment phase ' , involving 'what we would call major life investments—work , family , friends , community activities , and values . ' With the making of the major investments in life the individual makes deeper commitments investing more of themselves to these commitments he 's made . What has been termed 'the Culminating Life Structure for Early Adulthood ( 33–40 ) is the vehicle for completing this era and realizing our youthful aspirations . ' People in their thirties may increase the financial and emotional investments they make in their lives , and may have been employed long enough to gain promotions and raises . They often become more focused on advancing their careers and gaining stability in their personal lives—'with marriage and child-rearing , ' starting a family , coming to the fore as priorities .
Gail Sheehy , however , signposts the same twenties/thirties division rather differently , arguing that nowadays 'the twenties have stretched out into a long Provisional Adulthood ' , and that in fact 'the transition to the Turbulent Thirties marks the initiation to First Adulthood . '
Midlife transition
Young Adulthood then draws to its close with 'the Midlife Transition , from roughly age 40 to 45'—producing ' a brand-new passage in the forties , when First Adulthood ends and Second Adulthood begins . ' It is here in this Midlife Transition that we often find there is an ending of early adulthood as well as individuals making changes in their lives , with the biggest change being the career they are in . Early adulthood can be seen as ended as a person stops seeking adult status or wanting to feel like an adult . By the time we reach the midlife transition we move from talking about how old we are to bolster our reputation and emphasize how young they are . In the midlife transition individuals start to focus on the things that become important in their lives that effect their personal lives . Those individuals focus more on the present than the future and the past . Levinson thought midlife to be a time of development of crisis . However , research today in the United States shows that individuals do not experience a midlife crisis . Instead individuals report midlife to be a freeing and satisfying period of life . An important thing to consider as we go through the midlife transition is the physical changes that we experience ( outside of the changes that occur to the individual 's character ) . Body image is an important aspect of the physical changes that are often experienced , and midlife transition may necessitate changes to one 's perceived body image .
Here in the Midlife transition the issue is n't whether the individual has achieved or failed in accomplishing the goals they formed in the previous era . Rather the issue at hand is what the individual should be doing with the experience of disparity between one 's goals and one 's outcomes . In this transitional period from early adulthood to middle adulthood , the changes we make tend to focus less on the self and more on the relationships that we have .
See also
Emerging adulthood
Quarter-life crisis
Twixter
Young professional
Youth
Young adult fiction
References
Notes
Erikson , Erik H. ( 1982 ) . The Life Cycle Completed . W. W. Norton .
Adulthood
Human development
Youth
Andrew Michael Lauer ( born June 19 , 1965 ) ( also known as Andy Lauer ) is an American feature and documentary filmmaker , actor , and social activist .
Lauer is the Founder President & CEO of ReelAid , a non-profit organization made up of filmmakers from the Hollywood community producing low to no-cost promotional videos for other non-profit organizations who in turn use them to fund-raise and create public awareness .
Early life
Lauer was born in Los Angeles to an attorney father and an actor mother . They engaged as an actor from ages 9 to 11 and then stopped for the sake of normal childhood .
Lauer is an athlete and a football player . They captained their high school 's gymnastics team .
They attended San Diego State University and then transferred to University of New Hampshire ; they chose the Theater & Arts and Journalism there . They worked as a busboy to subsidize their studies at the New York Friars Club , where they were influenced by the comic legends Red Skelton , Milton Berle , Henny Youngman and Lucille Ball . After the completion of their studies , they traveled through Europe and then they settled in New York to start their career . In 1987 , they returned to Los Angeles and improved their comedic abilities with The Groundlings and L.A . Connection .
Career
They began their career in front of the camera with major roles in film and TV including Never on Tuesday ( with Peter Berg ) , Born on the Fourth of July ( with Tom Cruise ) , For the Boys ( with Bette Midler ) and Iron Man 3 ( with Robert Downey Jr. ) . They have mentored under the direction of filmmakers Oliver Stone , Michael Bay , David Fincher and James Burrows .
As an actor , Lauer is probably best known for playing `` Charlie '' on the NBC comedy series Caroline in the City .
They have directed and produced the feature film Adventures of a Teenage Dragon Slayer starring Lea Thompson ( Back to the Future ) and Wendie Malick ( Racing Stripes ) . The film was released in theaters Spring 2011 and went on to stay on the family charts for 28 consecutive weeks . Lauer 's recent project , Gridiron Heroes , won Best Feature Documentary at the International Family Film Festival in 2015 . The film follows fallen High School footballers and features actor Taylor Kitsch ( Friday Night Lights ) , football legends Mike Ditka , Kurt Warner , Deacon Jones , Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and Commentator Al Michaels . They were also involved in a sister-project executive produced by Peter Berg ( Friday Night Lights , Battleship ) titled Head 's Up Tackling .
They also had triple duties directing/writing/producing The Tehuacan Project in 2007 , a story about deaf children in rural Tehuacan in Mexico . Lauer 's roommate after college , Brad Pitt executive produced . Adrien Brody narrated the film with Esai Morales ; Prior to that they received critical acclaim for their feature film Intermedio , a supernatural thriller starring Edward Furlong ( Terminator 2 : Judgment Day , American History X ) and Amber Benson ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer ) and the multi-award-winning short film , Little Cuba .
Lauer 's next project was Sahaya Going Beyond about a ragtag but heroic group working together to fight HIV in India , narrated by Academy Award winner Jeremy Irons . It was completed in 2013 .
Their next film Prince of Malacca is a love story of reincarnation of a Prince from the Kingdom of Malacca and a Princess from Singapura . In addition to directing this film Lauer will also stand in as a producer .
In 2016 , an Indiegogo campaign was launched to help raise $ 35,000 to fund a gay themed romantic comedy movie entitled `` Please Do n't Eat the Pansies '' . The cast included actor/writer Ronnie Kerr , Mary Wilson of The Supremes , singer/actor Tom Goss and Andrew .
Other interests
Lauer developed an interest in toxic mold remediation after a home renovation went awry . They went on to attain professional certifications and start a mold remediation firm in Santa Monica , CA
Filmography
Film
Television
Director
References
External links
BIOGRAPHY - ANDY LAUER as Charlie
Lauer , Andrew 1965- ( Andy Lauer )
Andy Lauer
Andy Lauer Biography
The Beauty of Decay Saga Directors - Andy Lauer
Andy Lauer - Awards
Andy Lauer
“ Bellevue Avenue ” film to be set in Newport
1965 births
Living people
American documentary film directors
American male film actors
American male television actors
Film directors from California
Male actors from Santa Monica , California
U.S. Route 14 ( abbreviated U.S. 14 or US 14 ) , an east–west route , is one of the original United States highways of 1926 . It currently has a length of 1,398 miles ( 2,250 km ) , but it had a peak length of 1,429 miles ( 2,300 km ) . For much of its length , it runs roughly parallel to Interstate 90 .
The highway 's eastern terminus is in Chicago , Illinois . Its western terminus is the east entrance of Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming , with the western terminus of U.S. Route 16 and the western terminus of the eastern segment of U.S. Route 20 .
Route description
Wyoming
U.S. 14 begins at the east entrance to Yellowstone National Park , along with U.S. 16 and the eastern segment of U.S. 20 . It travels through the Shoshone National Forest to Cody , where U.S. 14A splits off to the north . Both routes traverse the dry Bighorn Basin , followed by a steep ascent up the Big Horn Mountains and through the Bighorn National Forest , where they rejoin at Burgess Junction . The highway descends the eastern slope of the Bighorns between Burgess Junction and Dayton . U.S. 14 briefly follows I-90 south from Ranchester to Sheridan . The highway turns east and then south to again join I-90 near Gillette . It splits off for a short time to Carlile , then rejoins I-90 which it follows to the state line .
South Dakota
The South Dakota section of U.S. 14 , passes , east to west , through Brookings , Arlington , De Smet , Huron , Wolsey , Miller , Highmore , Pierre , Midland , Philip , and Wall before connecting to I-90 . U.S. 14 follows I-90 to Rapid City , Sturgis , and Spearfish into Wyoming . U.S. 14A winds through the northern part of the scenic Black Hills taking travelers from Sturgis to Spearfish .
The Laura Ingalls Wilder Historic Highway incorporates U.S. 14 from De Smet , South Dakota in the west to Rochester , Minnesota in the east .
US 14 and U.S. 83 serve Pierre , South Dakota , one of only four state capitals not on the Interstate Highway System .
Minnesota
U.S. 14 enters the state from South Dakota west of Lake Benton . It goes east through several small towns such as Balaton , Tracy , Revere , Lamberton , Sanborn and Sleepy Eye , on a two-lane road until New Ulm , where it is briefly a divided highway . From New Ulm to Mankato , the highway lies north of the Minnesota River . Shortly before coming to the Mankato/North Mankato area , U.S. 14 becomes a freeway bypass , which becomes an expressway east of Mankato . This section is part of the Laura Ingalls Wilder Historic Highway as it passes through Walnut Grove . It currently continues east south of Waseca and at Owatonna , it crosses Interstate 35 at a cloverleaf interchange . It then heads east towards Rochester , with an expressway segment beginning at Minnesota State Highway 56 and continuing east into Rochester . Once it enters Rochester , it has a concurrency with U.S. Route 52 . After the concurrency , it continues through Rochester as a divided highway . After Rochester , the highway parallels Interstate 90 until Winona , where U.S. 14 gets picked up by U.S. Route 61 . The two highways run concurrently the rest of the way in Minnesota , and cross the Mississippi River at La Crescent over the La Crosse West Channel Bridge .
U.S. 14 was extended to a full , limited-access freeway from approximately three miles west of Janesville to Interstate 35 at Owatonna . Most of the new route is located south of the existing alignment so as to avoid overlapping Interstate 35 . The expansion was opened to traffic on August 31 , 2012 , creating a continuous four-lane route from North Mankato to Owatonna . The section from Waseca to Janesville has yet to be upgraded to freeway standards ; it currently exists as an expressway .
The four-lane expressway was extended from North Mankato to Nicollet including a SW bypass of Nicollet and an interchange for State Highway 111 in 2016 .
Owatonna to Dodge Center will be upgraded to a freeway in 2021 . The new freeway is expected to be open to traffic in the fall of 2021 .
Nicollet to New Ulm will be upgraded to a four-lane expressway including a bypass of Courtland . Construction will begin in 2022 .
US 14 is being planned to be upgraded to a freeway between Byron and Rochester with three new interchanges planned . An interim safety project will construct two reduced conflict intersections in 2022 .
The Minnesota section of U.S. 14 is defined as part of Constitutional Route 7 and Trunk Highways 121 and 122 in the Minnesota Statutes .
Wisconsin
U.S. 14 enters the state of Wisconsin along with U.S. Route 61 across the Mississippi River into La Crosse . Running through rural southern Wisconsin , it then meets with U.S. Route 12 outside of Madison . Following the Beltline Highway around Madison , it meets U.S. Route 18 and U.S. Route 151 before turning south , passing through some southern Madison suburbs , Oregon , and Evansville before approaching Janesville . Bypassing Janesville to the north , U.S. 14 intersects U.S. Route 51 , as well as Interstate 90 and Interstate 39 . It then travels southeast , past Interstate 43 , to the village square of Walworth . U.S. 14 then turns south and exits into Illinois at Big Foot Prairie .
Illinois
In the state of Illinois , U.S. 14 runs southeast from north of Harvard to Chicago via Woodstock and the northwest suburbs . Southeast of Route 47 , U.S. 14 has four lanes , and at times it is a high-speed divided highway . Continuing southeastward from just after the overpass above Route 31 , U.S. 14 passes beneath and then closely parallels the tracks of the Union Pacific Railroad 's Harvard Subdivision . Through the northwest suburbs of Chicago , this route is commonly referred to as `` Northwest Highway '' and is a very busy thoroughfare . East of Des Plaines , U.S. 14 becomes Dempster Street until its intersection with Waukegan Road . From here , U.S. 14 follows Waukegan Road , Caldwell Avenue , Peterson Avenue , and Ridge Avenue to its eastern end , at the corner of Broadway and U.S. 41 ( Foster Avenue ) .
At an earlier point , U.S. 14 extended south on Lake Shore Drive onto Michigan Avenue .
History
U.S. 14 was originally the `` Black and Yellow Trail '' , so named as it connected Minnesota with the Black Hills and Yellowstone National Park .
In Chicago 's Northwest Suburbs , it is known as Northwest Highway due to its direction as well as it 's paralleling the old Chicago and North Western railroad ( now Union Pacific . ) It was originally called the Northwest Highway from Chicago to New Ulm , Minnesota , and some street signs in New Ulm , Chicago , and towns in between still show the old designation .
From Ucross west to Sheridan , Wyoming , US 14 was initially designated U.S. Route 116 in 1926 . US 116 was extended west to Cody in 1933 , absorbing the Deaver-Cody US 420 . The next year , US 116 became an extension of US 14 . Part of this extension , including all of US 420 , is now US 14A .
Major intersections
Wyoming
at the East Entrance to Yellowstone National Park , southeast of Pahaska Tepee . The highways travel concurrently to Greybull .
west-northwest of Greybull
northeast of Ranchester . The highways travel concurrently to Sheridan .
southeast of Sheridan . The highways travel concurrently to Moorcroft .
in Gillette . The highways travel concurrently to Moorcroft .
in Sundance
in Sundance . The highways travel concurrently to east-southeast of Wall , South Dakota .
South Dakota
in North Spearfish . The highways travel concurrently to Spearfish .
in Rapid City
in Fort Pierre . The highways travel concurrently to west-southwest of Blunt .
north-northwest of Wolsey . The highways travel concurrently to south-southeast of Wolsey .
in Arlington . The highways travel concurrently to south of Arlington .
in Brookings
Minnesota
in Lake Benton . The highways travel concurrently through the city .
north of Garvin
north of Sanborn
on the North Mankato–Mankato city line
in Owatonna . US 14/US 218 travel concurrently to southeast of Owatonna .
in Rochester . The highways travel concurrently through the city .
in Winona . The highways travel concurrently to Readstown , Wisconsin .
in Dakota . The highways travel concurrently to north of La Crescent .
Wisconsin
in La Crosse
in Middleton . The highways travel concurrently to Madison .
in Madison . The highways travel concurrently through the city .
in Janesville
in Janesville
in Darien
Illinois
in Des Plaines
in Des Plaines
in Chicago
in Chicago
See also
Special routes of U.S. Route 14
References
External links
Endpoints of U.S. Highway 14
Illinois Highway Ends : US 14
The Unofficial South Dakota Highways Page : US-14
14
14
14
Transportation in Brown County , Minnesota
New Ulm , Minnesota
The Braille pattern dots-36 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with both bottom dots raised , or an 8-dot braille cell with both lower-middle dots raised . It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2824 , and in Braille ASCII with the hyphen : - .
Unified Braille
In unified international braille , the braille pattern dots-36 is used to represent hyphens and dashes , and otherwise as needed .
Table of unified braille values
† Abolished in Unified English Braille
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-36 are Braille patterns 367 , 368 , and 3678 , which are used in 8-dot braille systems , such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille .
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille , the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 78 , 178 , 478 , and 1478 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-36 , since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 036 , 367 , and 0367 are placed above the base 6-dot cell , instead of below , as in standard 8-dot braille .
Kantenji using braille patterns 78 , 178 , 478 , or 1478
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-36 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978 .
- 学
Variants and thematic compounds
- selector 1 + 龸 = 亠
- selector 4 + 龸 = 凡
- selector 5 + 龸 = 舜
- selector 6 + 龸 = 几
- 龸 + selector 1 = 愛
- 龸 + selector 2 = 光
- 龸 + selector 3 = 文
- 比 + 龸 = 下
- selector 1 + 比 + 龸 = 卞
Compounds of 学 and 龸
- 龸 + 龸 + こ/子 = 學
- ふ/女 + 龸 = 妥
- い/糹/ # 2 + ふ/女 + 龸 = 綏
- せ/食 + ふ/女 + 龸 = 餒
- 龸 + ゑ/訁 = 受
- て/扌 + 龸 = 授
- ゐ/幺 + 龸 + ゑ/訁 = 綬
- け/犬 + 龸 = 獣
- け/犬 + け/犬 + 龸 = 獸
- 龸 + 宿 = 党
- 龸 + 龸 + 宿 = 黨
- な/亻 + 龸 + 宿 = 儻
- 龸 + ぬ/力 = 労
- 龸 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 勞
- て/扌 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 撈
- や/疒 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 癆
- 龸 + み/耳 = 営
- 龸 + 龸 + み/耳 = 營
- 龸 + つ/土 = 堂
- め/目 + 龸 + つ/土 = 瞠
- む/車 + 龸 + つ/土 = 螳
- 龸 + し/巿 = 常
- ふ/女 + 龸 + し/巿 = 嫦
- む/車 + 龸 + し/巿 = 蟐
- 龸 + ふ/女 = 当
- 龸 + 龸 + ふ/女 = 當
- ね/示 + 龸 + ふ/女 = 襠
- む/車 + 龸 + ふ/女 = 蟷
- ま/石 + 龸 + ふ/女 = 礑
- き/木 + 龸 + ふ/女 = 档
- 龸 + て/扌 = 掌
- 龸 + き/木 = 栄
- 龸 + 龸 + き/木 = 榮
- む/車 + 龸 + き/木 = 蠑
- 龸 + や/疒 = 爵
- れ/口 + 龸 + や/疒 = 嚼
- 龸 + め/目 = 覚
- て/扌 + 龸 + め/目 = 撹
- 龸 + 龸 + め/目 = 覺
- 龸 + え/訁 = 誉
- 龸 + 龸 + え/訁 = 譽
- 龸 + を/貝 = 賞
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + か/金 = 徭
- る/忄 + 龸 + け/犬 = 懽
- 氷/氵 + 龸 + け/犬 = 灌
- え/訁 + 龸 + け/犬 = 讙
- か/金 + 龸 + け/犬 = 鑵
- ほ/方 + 龸 + う/宀/ # 3 = 殍
- 火 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 煢
- く/艹 + 龸 + け/犬 = 蕚
- け/犬 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鶚
- 龸 + 宿 + に/氵 = 嘗
- 龸 + selector 4 + る/忄 = 甞
- の/禾 + の/禾 + 龸 = 稱
- 龸 + め/目 + 宿 = 覓
- 龸 + せ/食 + selector 1 = 鷽
- 龸 + し/巿 + こ/子 = 黌
Compounds of 亠
- れ/口 + 龸 = 囃
- 龸 + ち/竹 = 交
- な/亻 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 佼
- れ/口 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 咬
- け/犬 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 狡
- 日 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 皎
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 纐
- む/車 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 蛟
- そ/馬 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 駮
- せ/食 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 鮫
- 龸 + ま/石 = 亨
- 火 + 龸 + ま/石 = 烹
- 龸 + こ/子 = 享
- る/忄 + 龸 + こ/子 = 惇
- き/木 + 龸 + こ/子 = 椁
- え/訁 + 龸 + こ/子 = 諄
- せ/食 + 龸 + こ/子 = 醇
- 龸 + れ/口 = 京
- ぬ/力 + 龸 + れ/口 = 勍
- て/扌 + 龸 + れ/口 = 掠
- 心 + 龸 + れ/口 = 椋
- か/金 + 龸 + れ/口 = 鍄
- し/巿 + 龸 + れ/口 = 黥
- 龸 + ね/示 = 哀
- 龸 + 囗 = 壇
- 心 + 龸 + 囗 = 檀
- そ/馬 + 龸 + 囗 = 羶
- 龸 + な/亻 = 夜
- て/扌 + 龸 + な/亻 = 掖
- ⺼ + 龸 + な/亻 = 腋
- 龸 + せ/食 = 毫
- 龸 + そ/馬 = 豪
- つ/土 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 壕
- に/氵 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 濠
- 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 玄
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 = 弦
- 龸 + た/⽥ = 畜
- 龸 + ろ/十 = 率
- む/車 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 蟀
- や/疒 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 痃
- め/目 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 眩
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 絃
- ふ/女 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 舷
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 衒
- か/金 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 鉉
- せ/食 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 鯀
- 龸 + よ/广 = 棄
- 龸 + 龸 + よ/广 = 弃
- 龸 + ら/月 = 育
- selector 1 + 龸 + れ/口 = 亰
- 龸 + 日 = 冥
- し/巿 + 龸 + 日 = 幎
- 日 + 龸 + 日 = 暝
- 心 + 龸 + 日 = 榠
- に/氵 + 龸 + 日 = 溟
- め/目 + 龸 + 日 = 瞑
- む/車 + 龸 + 日 = 螟
- 日 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 暸
- に/氵 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 潦
- き/木 + 龸 + ま/石 = 柆
- ま/石 + 龸 + 氷/氵 = 竭
- き/木 + 龸 + け/犬 = 桍
- も/門 + 龸 + し/巿 = 閙
- 龸 + う/宀/ # 3 + な/亻 = 亳
- 龸 + selector 4 + く/艹 = 毓
- に/氵 + 宿 + 龸 = 滾
- 龸 + ね/示 + selector 1 = 褻
- 龸 + な/亻 + れ/口 = 襃
- せ/食 + 氷/氵 + 龸 = 酖
- 龸 + 宿 + せ/食 = 鶉
Compounds of 凡
- し/巿 + 龸 = 帆
- ち/竹 + 龸 = 築
- 龸 + 心 = 恐
- き/木 + selector 4 + 龸 = 梵
- に/氵 + selector 4 + 龸 = 汎
- む/車 + 龸 + 龸 = 蛩
- む/車 + 龸 + 龸 = 蛩
- み/耳 + 宿 + 龸 = 跫
- 龸 + と/戸 + ろ/十 = 鞏
Compounds of 舜
- め/目 + 龸 = 瞬
- 心 + selector 5 + 龸 = 蕣
Compounds of 几
- 龸 + 龸 = 充
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 = 統
- か/金 + 龸 = 銃
- つ/土 + 龸 = 先
- に/氵 + 龸 = 洗
- ち/竹 + つ/土 + 龸 = 筅
- み/耳 + つ/土 + 龸 = 跣
- 宿 + 龸 = 冗
- る/忄 + 宿 + 龸 = 忱
- め/目 + 宿 + 龸 = 眈
- す/発 + 龸 = 処
- す/発 + す/発 + 龸 = 處
- や/疒 + 龸 = 凱
- も/門 + 龸 = 匹
- き/木 + 龸 = 机
- み/耳 + 龸 = 耽
- 氷/氵 + 龸 = 沈
- 龸 + 仁/亻 = 就
- ⺼ + 龸 = 肌
- お/頁 + 龸 = 頽
- せ/食 + 龸 = 飢
- れ/口 + selector 6 + 龸 = 咒
- 仁/亻 + 龸 + 龸 = 凭
- く/艹 + 龸 + の/禾 = 芟
- む/車 + 龸 + の/禾 = 轂
- む/車 + 宿 + 龸 = 允
- 仁/亻 + 龸 + 龸 = 凭
- て/扌 + 宿 + 龸 = 撓
- き/木 + 宿 + 龸 = 橈
- の/禾 + 宿 + 龸 = 禿
- 龸 + う/宀/ # 3 + せ/食 = 鳧
Compounds of 愛
- 日 + 龸 + selector 1 = 曖
- め/目 + 龸 + selector 1 = 瞹
- ち/竹 + 龸 + selector 1 = 靉
Compounds of 光
- 龸 + む/車 = 輝
- る/忄 + 龸 + selector 2 = 恍
- 日 + 龸 + selector 2 = 晃
- 氷/氵 + 龸 + selector 2 = 滉
- に/氵 + 龸 + selector 2 = 洸
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 + selector 2 = 絖
- ⺼ + 龸 + selector 2 = 胱
- 日 + 宿 + 龸 = 晄
- 龸 + 宿 + や/疒 = 耀
Compounds of 文
- さ/阝 + 龸 = 斉
- い/糹/ # 2 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 緕
- さ/阝 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 齊
- さ/阝 + 龸 + 火 = 韲
- な/亻 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 儕
- て/扌 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 擠
- 心 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 薺
- み/耳 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 躋
- ち/竹 + さ/阝 + 龸 = 霽
- 火 + 龸 = 斐
- へ/⺩ + 龸 = 斑
- ゐ/幺 + 龸 = 紋
- む/車 + 龸 = 蚊
- 龸 + さ/阝 = 斎
- 龸 + 龸 + さ/阝 = 齋
- を/貝 + 龸 + さ/阝 = 齎
- れ/口 + 龸 + selector 3 = 吝
- る/忄 + 龸 = 悋
- こ/子 + 龸 + selector 3 = 斈
- 日 + 龸 + selector 3 = 旻
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 + selector 3 = 紊
- す/発 + 龸 + selector 3 = 虔
- も/門 + 龸 + selector 3 = 閔
- そ/馬 + 龸 + selector 3 = 馼
Compounds of 下 and 卞
- つ/土 + 比 + 龸 = 圷
- き/木 + 比 + 龸 = 梺
- も/門 + 比 + 龸 = 閇
- ち/竹 + 比 + 龸 = 雫
- て/扌 + 比 + 龸 = 抃
- ね/示 + う/宀/ # 3 + 龸 = 裃
- と/戸 + う/宀/ # 3 + 龸 = 鞐
- 龸 + む/車 + 宿 = 颪
Other compounds
- ほ/方 + 龸 = 於
- れ/口 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 唹
- に/氵 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 淤
- も/門 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 閼
- せ/食 + ほ/方 + 龸 = 鯲
- 囗 + 龸 = 図
- 囗 + 囗 + 龸 = 圖
- 日 + 龸 = 晶
- き/木 + 日 + 龸 = 橸
- ね/示 + 龸 = 祢
- ね/示 + ね/示 + 龸 = 袮
- の/禾 + 龸 = 称
- 心 + 龸 = 蕨
- ひ/辶 + 龸 = 迄
- と/戸 + 龸 = 鬢
- 龸 + お/頁 = 乞
- 龸 + ほ/方 = 夢
- な/亻 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 儚
- 龸 + ひ/辶 = 戉
- か/金 + 龸 + ひ/辶 = 鉞
- 龸 + は/辶 = 毎
- 龸 + 氷/氵 = 敏
- 心 + 龸 + は/辶 = 莓
- 龸 + 火 = 為
- 龸 + 龸 + 火 = 爲
- え/訁 + 龸 + 火 = 譌
- 龸 + り/分 = 重
- ⺼ + 龸 + り/分 = 腫
- く/艹 + 龸 + り/分 = 董
- み/耳 + 龸 + り/分 = 踵
- か/金 + 龸 + り/分 = 鍾
- 龸 + い/糹/ # 2 = 雑
- 龸 + 龸 + い/糹/ # 2 = 雜
- な/亻 + 龸 + け/犬 = 倏
- れ/口 + 龸 + お/頁 = 吃
- え/訁 + 龸 + お/頁 = 訖
- な/亻 + 龸 + も/門 = 偃
- れ/口 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 喙
- と/戸 + 龸 + の/禾 = 彝
- 囗 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 圀
- つ/土 + 龸 + と/戸 = 垪
- つ/土 + 龸 + selector 1 = 壺
- ふ/女 + 龸 + ゑ/訁 = 娵
- こ/子 + 龸 + 氷/氵 = 孜
- や/疒 + 龸 + お/頁 = 屹
- や/疒 + 龸 + つ/土 = 崕
- や/疒 + 龸 + る/忄 = 崘
- よ/广 + 龸 + き/木 = 廝
- る/忄 + 龸 + む/車 = 慚
- お/頁 + 龸 + 囗 = 戞
- て/扌 + 龸 + む/車 = 搆
- て/扌 + 龸 + う/宀/ # 3 = 搴
- 日 + 龸 + む/車 = 暉
- き/木 + 龸 + 囗 = 杙
- 心 + 龸 + 数 = 杤
- き/木 + 龸 + 日 = 杳
- 心 + 龸 + ひ/辶 = 杷
- 心 + 龸 + 比 = 枇
- 心 + 龸 + り/分 = 枌
- き/木 + 龸 + と/戸 = 枦
- き/木 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 枴
- き/木 + 龸 + を/貝 = 柝
- 心 + 龸 + む/車 = 栩
- き/木 + 龸 + や/疒 = 梍
- き/木 + 龸 + き/木 = 棊
- 心 + 龸 + ゆ/彳 = 棣
- 心 + 龸 + も/門 = 椚
- き/木 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 椽
- き/木 + 龸 + む/車 = 樛
- き/木 + 龸 + 龸 = 橇
- 心 + 龸 + ま/石 = 檗
- き/木 + 龸 + へ/⺩ = 檮
- 心 + 龸 + た/⽥ = 櫨
- に/氵 + 龸 + ん/止 = 沚
- に/氵 + 龸 + む/車 = 浚
- に/氵 + 龸 + つ/土 = 涌
- に/氵 + 龸 + ら/月 = 涓
- に/氵 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 渕
- に/氵 + 龸 + ⺼ = 渙
- に/氵 + 龸 + ゆ/彳 = 渝
- 氷/氵 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 漾
- に/氵 + 龸 + め/目 = 濬
- に/氵 + 龸 + か/金 = 瀏
- に/氵 + 龸 + た/⽥ = 瀘
- め/目 + 龸 + ち/竹 = 爻
- そ/馬 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 犧
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + た/⽥ = 疆
- ま/石 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 碼
- ま/石 + 龸 + つ/土 = 磽
- ま/石 + 龸 + ま/石 = 礪
- ね/示 + 龸 + さ/阝 = 祁
- ね/示 + 龸 + た/⽥ = 禝
- ち/竹 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 筝
- ち/竹 + 龸 + へ/⺩ = 筺
- ち/竹 + 龸 + 囗 = 箘
- ち/竹 + 龸 + 比 = 篦
- ち/竹 + 龸 + ね/示 = 簔
- ち/竹 + 龸 + 日 = 簷
- ち/竹 + 龸 + ら/月 = 籀
- ち/竹 + 龸 + み/耳 = 籖
- の/禾 + 龸 + と/戸 = 粐
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 + 囗 = 綫
- い/糹/ # 2 + 龸 + み/耳 = 纎
- そ/馬 + 龸 + 火 = 羹
- み/耳 + 龸 + ゐ/幺 = 聨
- 心 + 龸 + め/目 = 苜
- 心 + 龸 + き/木 = 菫
- 心 + 龸 + と/戸 = 萄
- 心 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 葡
- そ/馬 + 龸 + ら/月 = 葢
- 心 + 龸 + の/禾 = 葭
- 心 + 龸 + す/発 = 蔆
- 心 + 龸 + 火 = 薤
- く/艹 + 龸 + 数 = 藪
- 心 + 龸 + そ/馬 = 蘓
- く/艹 + 龸 + ま/石 = 蘰
- む/車 + 龸 + 宿 = 蛻
- む/車 + 龸 + へ/⺩ = 蝗
- む/車 + 龸 + 囗 = 蠏
- む/車 + 龸 + く/艹 = 蠖
- む/車 + 龸 + ま/石 = 蠹
- え/訁 + 龸 + ま/石 = 謾
- え/訁 + 龸 + 日 = 譖
- え/訁 + 龸 + つ/土 = 讌
- そ/馬 + 龸 + 比 = 貔
- み/耳 + 龸 + ん/止 = 趾
- み/耳 + 龸 + も/門 = 躪
- み/耳 + 龸 + よ/广 = 軅
- む/車 + 龸 + う/宀/ # 3 = 軫
- む/車 + 龸 + と/戸 = 辯
- ひ/辶 + 龸 + む/車 = 逵
- せ/食 + 龸 + の/禾 = 酥
- せ/食 + 龸 + た/⽥ = 醴
- か/金 + 龸 + ぬ/力 = 釛
- か/金 + 龸 + た/⽥ = 鈿
- か/金 + 龸 + ま/石 = 鉐
- か/金 + 龸 + ゆ/彳 = 銜
- か/金 + 龸 + の/禾 = 鍜
- か/金 + 龸 + る/忄 = 鐶
- か/金 + 龸 + ろ/十 = 鑞
- さ/阝 + 龸 + な/亻 = 陝
- お/頁 + 龸 + け/犬 = 頸
- せ/食 + 龸 + け/犬 = 飫
- せ/食 + 龸 + ほ/方 = 餔
- せ/食 + 龸 + ら/月 = 餾
- せ/食 + 龸 + ま/石 = 饅
- そ/馬 + 龸 + と/戸 = 駢
- せ/食 + 龸 + つ/土 = 鯒
- せ/食 + 龸 + す/発 = 鰒
- せ/食 + 龸 + ⺼ = 鰛
- な/亻 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鳰
- ろ/十 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴇
- よ/广 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴈
- ひ/辶 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴕
- れ/口 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴣
- む/車 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴾
- り/分 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鴿
- ゆ/彳 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鵄
- み/耳 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鵈
- を/貝 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鵙
- 囗 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鵡
- 龸 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鵺
- か/金 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鷂
- め/目 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鷏
- と/戸 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鷓
- つ/土 + 龸 + せ/食 = 鷙
- 宿 + 宿 + 龸 = 亅
- 数 + う/宀/ # 3 + 龸 = 卍
- ゆ/彳 + 宿 + 龸 = 弥
- 龸 + 囗 + ん/止 = 斌
- き/木 + 龸 + 龸 = 橇
- へ/⺩ + 宿 + 龸 = 珎
- 龸 + selector 4 + 火 = 韭
Notes
Braille patterns
The Wizard of Speed and Time is a 1988 low-budget feature film written , directed , and starring animator Mike Jittlov , as well as a 1979 16 mm short film , also by Jittlov .
1979 short film
In the original short film , a young man in a green wizard costume runs throughout America at super speed , much like the superhero The Flash . Along the way , they give a hitchhiking woman ( Toni Handcock ) a swift lift to another city and gives golden stars to other women who want a trip themselves . They then slips on a banana peel and comically crashes into a film stage , which they then brings to life in magical ways .
Jittlov is a special effects technician , and they produced all of the special effects in the film himself , many through stop motion animation .
This short film originally was shown as a segment of an episode of The Wonderful World of Disney . The episode was called `` Major Effects '' and was aired to coincide with the release of Disney 's The Black Hole in 1979 .
The film segment then began to be shown at science fiction conventions around the country , gaining popularity , prompting Jittlov to eventually create a ( semi- ) fictionalized account , in the form of a feature film , of how this short film came to be .
1988 feature film
Years later , Jittlov was able to remake the short , as well as incorporate portions of some of their other short films ( such as Time Tripper and Animato ) , into a feature-length 35 mm film . The feature version recounts the exploits of a special effects `` wizard '' ( played by Jittlov ) trying to fulfill their dream of making a full-length movie . The tricks of movie magic are exposed ; but so are the tribulations of the independent moviemaker working around the heavily unionized Hollywood film industry .
Straeker : There are your film cans , but you ca n't move them .
Jittlov : Why ? Are they stuck to the floor ?
Straeker : No , to the system !
Many scenes in the movie turned out to be only too prophetic , according to Jittlov . In the film , a director , Lucky Straeker ( Steve Brodie ) , and a producer , Harvey Bookman ( Richard Kaye ) , bet over whether Jittlov can actually complete a major effects assignment , and Bookman does everything in their power to thwart Jittlov .
Richard Kaye produced the film and starred as one of the main characters , Harvey Bookman , also a producer . Richard Kaye 's daughter Lauri Kaye , at the age of 16 , was the production secretary of The Wizard of Speed and Time and performed in the film as a voice-over artist and a hand model .
The feature film is also filled with subliminal messages , many hidden in single frames during the `` Wizard Run '' sequence ( which was remade and expanded from the original short film ) , or hidden in electrical sparks generated by various happenings in the film .
The feature film was filmed in 1983 to 1986 , released to theaters in 1989 ( though it was never widely distributed ) , and was later released on VHS and laserdisc . Although there is no official DVD release yet , Jittlov 's fans have ( with Jittlov 's knowledge and at least tacit approval ) created a DVD image file , and made it available for free on peer-to-peer networks until such time as an official release is realized .
Cameos in the film include science fiction and film industry personalities ( Forrest J. Ackerman , Angelique Pettyjohn , Ward Kimball , Will Ryan , and a pre-Miami Vice Philip Michael Thomas ) as well as composer John Massari . The only `` lookalike '' used in the film was a Woody Allen impersonator who appears in two scenes when Mike is being chased by the Keystone Cops through the studio lot .
The two `` real '' police characters played by Philip Michael Thomas and Lynda Aldon are named Mickey ( Polanko ) and Minnie ( Smith ) , respectively , in the film and the police dog 's name is Pluto .
When asked by television producers if they had ever played a police officer , Philip Michael Thomas replied `` Yes , I was a cop in a feature film . '' This led to theirs being cast in Miami Vice .
Two characters are given names related to cigarettes : Lucky Straeker , Bookman 's director and Dora Belair , an assistant to a competing show 's producer . According to Mike Jittlov , `` Everyone in Hollywood gets burned . ''
Jittlov 's mother and brother appear as themselves .
A special birthday song , `` Merry Birthday to You '' , was composed to avoid potential licensing issues for the traditional `` Happy Birthday to You '' .
Some parts of `` The Wizard 's Run '' have been changed , mostly reflecting Paige Moore 's starring role .
In the stunt driving shots from the car-chase scene , Pluto , the police dog in the back seat , was played by Jittlov wearing a coat over their head .
As shown in the film , Mike Jittlov avoids shaking hands .
Over 1000 subliminals are embedded throughout the film .
The poster for the film was done by artist Kelly Freas , who put a number of subliminal images into the painting ; Freas also printed the faux film titles seen on the producers ' bulletin board .
The fans in the climactic theater scene provided their own costumes .
The opening credits read `` Directed By The Man In The Green Jacket '' . Mike Jittlov wears a green jacket throughout the film .
The scenes in which Mike speaks to the Union representatives were all shot at the same desk in the same room , with veteran voice-over artist Will Ryan playing all the representatives . The film union seal shows a vulture with a twisted strip of film in its talons .
Cinematographer Russell Carpenter later worked on such films as The Lawnmower Man , The Indian in the Cupboard , Titanic , Charlie 's Angels ( and the sequel Charlie 's Angels : Full Throttle ) , Shallow Hal and Monster-in-Law .
Composer John Massari later worked on such films as Killer Klowns from Outer Space , Skeletons , Retro Puppet Master , and such television shows as POV Murder and Prison Break : Proof of Innocence .
The film 's musical score that plays during `` the Wizard 's Run '' was recently used in a trailer for the Toy Story 3 videogame .
A Spanish language dubbed version was released onto VHS under the title El Mago de la Velocidad y el Tiempo .
Legacy
In the November 2019 Marvel comic book Loki , issue 5 , the title character states that The Wizard of Speed and Time is their favorite film .
References
External links
official website
, uploaded with the permission of Jittlov
1979 films
1988 films
American independent films
Self-reflexive films
Features based on short films
1980s stop-motion animated films
Pixilation films
Films directed by Mike Jittlov
Films about filmmaking
1980s English-language films
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
1980s American films
Alfonsas Andriuškevičius ( born November 18 , 1940 , in Vilkaviškis , Lithuania ) is a poet and art historian . They received the Lithuanian National Prize in 2007 for essay Rašymas dūmais ( Writing with Smoke , 2004 ) and collection of art critique Lietuvių dailė 1975-1995 ( Lithuanian Art 1975-1995 , 1997 ) .
Andriuškevičius graduated from Vilnius University in 1965 , and went on to explore a variety of disciplines , including ethnography and philosophy . from 1974 to 1990 worked at Lithuanian Academy of Sciences . They taught the Russian language , lectured at the Vilnius Academy of Art from 1989 to 2009 . Their publications include several books of art criticism , four poetry collections , and a collection of thirty essays .
Selected works
Rašymas dūmais , 2004
Grožis ir menas lietuvių estetikoje 1918–1940 , 1989
33 eilėraščiai , 1994
66 eilėraščiai , 1998
Eilėraščiai , 2000
Lietuvių dailė 1975–1995 , 1997
References
External links
Concealed in Smoke . The Vilnius magazine Review
Poems from 22-ių naujų eilėraščių
1940 births
Living people
People from Vilkaviškis
Lithuanian male poets
Recipients of the Lithuanian National Prize
Lithuanian art historians
Vilnius University alumni
Vilnius Academy of Arts faculty
Members of the Seimas
Manhunt may refer to :
Search processes
Manhunt ( law enforcement ) , a search for a dangerous fugitive
Manhunt ( military ) , a search for a high-value target by special operations forces or intelligence agencies
Social organisations
Manhunt ( social network ) , an online dating service for gay men
Manhunt International , an international beauty pageant for men , begun 1993
Sport
Manhunt ( urban game ) , the name of a number of variations on the game of tag
Titled works
Television
Series
Manhunt ( 1959 TV series ) , a syndicated crime show , starring Victor Jory
Manhunt ( 1969 TV series ) , a drama set in World War II
Manhunt ( 2001 TV series ) , a reality TV on UPN
Manhunt ( 2004 TV series ) , a model competition
Manhunt ( 2017 TV series ) , an American anthology drama series
Manhunt ( 2019 TV series ) , an ITV drama series about the investigations that caught Levi Bellfield and Delroy Grant
Manhunt – Solving Britain 's Crimes , on ITV starting 2006
Lone Target , a reality TV , a.k.a . Manhunt , 2014
Episodes
`` Manhunt '' ( Captain Scarlet ) , 1967
`` Man Hunt '' ( Dad 's Army ) , 1969
`` Manhunt '' ( Due South )
`` Manhunt '' ( Highlander )
`` Manhunt '' ( Prison Break )
`` Manhunt '' ( Star Trek : The Next Generation )
`` Manhunt '' ( Under the Dome )
`` Manhunt '' ( The Unit )
Film
The Man Hunt , a 1918 American comedy drama film directed by Travers Vale
Man Hunt ( 1933 film ) , a mystery film directed by Irving Cummings
Man Hunt ( 1936 film ) , a comedy film directed by William Clemens
Man Hunt ( 1941 film ) , directed by Fritz Lang
Man Hunt ( 1985 film ) , a Western film directed by Fabrizio De Angelis
Manhunt ( 1972 film ) , also known as The Italian Connection ( La mala ordina ) , a crime film directed by Fernando di Leo
Kimi yo Fundo no Kawa o Watare , a 1976 Japanese film also known as Manhunt
Manhunt ( 2008 film ) , a 2008 Norwegian horror film
Manhunt ( 2017 film ) , directed by John Woo , a remake of Kimi yo Fundo no Kawa o Watare
The Manhunt , or Manhunt in the City , a 1975 Italian film
Manhunt : The Search for Bin Laden , a 2013 documentary directed by Greg Barker about the hunt for bin Laden
Bloodfist VII : Manhunt , a 1995 action-adventure film starring Don Wilson
Other media
Manhunt : The Ten-Year Search for Bin Laden From 9/11 to Abbottabad , a 2012 book by journalist Peter Bergen
Manhunt ( video game series )
Manhunt ( video game ) , a 2003 video game published by Rockstar Games
Manhunt 2 , a 2007 sequel to the above
`` Manhunt '' , a song by Karen Kamon from the 1983 film Flashdance
`` Manhunt '' , a 2003 song by Winnebago Deal on the album Plata O Plomo
See also
Manhunter ( disambiguation )
Human hunting , humans being hunted and killed for other persons ' revenge , pleasure , entertainment , sports , or sustenance
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Calaveras County , California .
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Calaveras County , California , United States . Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts ; these locations may be seen together in a Google map .
There are 16 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county .
Current listings
| }
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in California
National Register of Historic Places listings in California
California Historical Landmarks in Calaveras County , California
References
Calaveras
LGBT tourism in Brazil is a form of niche tourism marketed to gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender ( LGBT ) people who come to Brazil . The city of Rio de Janeiro was elected the best LGBT destination of the world , according to the U.S . Logo channel , owned by Viacom 's MTV Networks . Rio de Janeiro also was elected the most sexy city of the world to LGBT people , according to the U.S . Logo channel and TripOutGayTravel . In 2014 , Brazil and the United States were the two countries more wanted by international LGBT tourists , according to the World Travel Market .
Demographics
About 26 % of visitors to São Paulo , Rio de Janeiro , Florianópolis , Salvador and Fortaleza are LGBT people . Brazil has more than 6,000 gay-friendly hotels and hostels registered in travel agencies and mainly specialized in the gay-oriented sites , which are the major source of information for travelers . The establishments receive a sticker with a rainbow , a global symbol of the gay movement .
Revenue
During the carnival of Rio de Janeiro in 2014 , 30.75 % of tourism revenue was from LGBT people . The total was R $ 1.5 billion , and 461 million of gays and lesbians . The majority of tourists in Brazil were from the states of São Paulo and Minas Gerais , and from other countries were the United States , United Kingdom , and Canada .
The Brazilian LGBT prides move millions in cash every year . Only the São Paulo Gay Pride Parade , with 3.5 million participants , attracts 400,000 LGBT tourists , that will yield to the coffers of the state , about $ 70 million euros or $ 160 million reais .
With highly educated , and willing to consume refined products , the gay community has become a priority for business of tourism and hotel sector in Brazil . Estimates suggest that this niche is responsible for annually inject nearly R $ 200 billion in the economy of Brazil . On October 21 , 2010 , was signed an agreement in the city of Rio de Janeiro , to encourage LGBT tourists coming to Brazil and increase the supply of destinations for this public in the domestic sector . The agreement was attended by Tourism Minister , the president of Embratur , and the president of the Association of gay tourism . The agreement , signed at the Fair of the Americas Abav ( Brazilian Association of Travel Agents ) , provides incentives to qualified professionals working in the tourist service , actions to support marketing of products , services and destinations of the LGBT Tourism .
According to Out Now Consulting , in 2010 , LGBT consumers residing in Argentina have spent a total of US $ 4 billion in leisure travel . In Mexico , LGBT consumers spent US $ 8 billion in leisure travel , while LGBT Brazilians spend more than US $ 20 billion in leisure travel , the largest in Latin America . The majority of foreign LGBT tourists in Brazil are U.S. citizens , British , Germans , French , and Dutch . According to the LGBT app Grindr , the city of Rio de Janeiro has the best gay beach of the world , and the city of São Paulo has the best gay parade of the world .
See also
LGBT tourism
Gay village
LGBT marketing
List of LGBT events
References
Brazil
Tourism in Brazil
LGBT in Brazil
Commando Leopard ( ) is a 1985 Euro War film directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Lewis Collins , Klaus Kinski , and Manfred Lehmann .
Plot
In an unnamed Latin American dictatorship , a group of rebel freedom fighters fight to bring about a less oppressive society . The rebels , led by the enigmatic Enrique Carrasco ( Collins ) who has returned to their native land to fight , attack a hydro-electric dam . Along with Carrasco 's native fighters are Smithy ( Steiner ) , a British mercenary , and Maria , a native ex medical-student turned freedom fighter . After killing the security guards , Carrasco 's men place explosives at a crucial point in the dam wall , when they blow the dam the resulting tidal surge destroys a nearby bridge that is carrying a Government convoy .
On hearing the news , the President demands the head of the secret police , Colonel Silvera ( Kinski ) , to eliminate the rebels . Carrasco 's group arrive at an impoverished village to gain medical supplies for their wounded , unfortunately the village leader informs Carrasco that there is none , but there are nearby priests that looks after the sick and wounded . Splitting their force in two , Maria leads a group including the wounded to seek out the priests while Carrasco , Smithy and the rest of the group return to the dam . After leaving the village Government forces led by Silvera 's deputy ( Leutenegger ) attacks the village with flame thrower armed helicopters . At the site of the destroyed dam , Carrasco finds that the Government forces have already built a pontoon bridge and are recovering the sunken supply convoy . Using scuba diving equipment , Carrasco and Smithy plant time bombs on some of the still submerged trucks that carried explosives . But the two rebels can exit the river the bombs explode , the pressure wave knocks Smithy unconscious and they surface and is captured . Carrasco is more fortunate and escapes with the help of an elderly friend ( Pigozzi ) and their men , who turn up in a truck in the nick of time .
In a prison located in the country 's capital , Smithy is being held with other political prisoners when they learn of a plot to free them .
Cast
Lewis Collins as `` Leopard '' Carrasco
Klaus Kinski as Silveira
Manfred Lehmann as Don Julio
John Steiner as Anrade
Hans Leutenegger as Leutnant Ortiz
Thomas Danneberg as José
Francis Derosa as Hidalgo
Alan C. Walker as Emiliano
Production
Commando Leopard was made from many returning cast and film crew members of Code Name : Wild Geese : Director Antonio Margheriti , producer Erwin C. Dietrich , cinematographer Peter Baumgartner , Lewis Collins , Klaus Kinski , Manfred Lehmann , Thomas Danneberg and Luciano Pigozzi .
Reception
In a contemporary review , Kim Newman of The Monthly Film Bulletin noted the special effects in the film , stating that the set-pieces `` are quite impressively managed through the use of near-perfect miniatures '' while stating that `` everything else is very lazily slung together '' . Newman described Lewis Collins acting as `` uninvolved '' and that only Klaus Kinski as `` at least having a presence ... he refuses to give any kind of performance . ''
References
External links
1985 films
1980s action thriller films
West German films
1980s Italian-language films
Films directed by Antonio Margheriti
Films about Latin American military dictatorships
Films shot in the Philippines
Macaroni Combat films
1980s Italian films
Claire Marie Jeanne Vellut ( 1926–2013 ) was a Belgian born naturalised Indian leprologist , humanist and the founder of the Damien Foundation India Trust , a non profit non governmental organization engaged in providing treatment and rehabilitation services to people afflicted with leprosy and tuberculosis in India . They spent 55 years in India treating leprosy and tuberculosis patients , associating with the state and central governments or independently under the aegis of the trust they founded in 1955 . The Government of India awarded them the fourth highest Indian civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1981 .
Biography
Claire Marie was born on 29 October 1926 in Antwerp , Belgium to Lucie Roebroek and Fernand Evariste Marc Alfred Vellut , an insurance inspector , as the youngest of their six children . They completed their schooling at Institut Saint-André , Ixelles and secured their graduate degree in medicine in 1952 from the Catholic University of Leuven during which period they were involved with the activities of the International Fraternal Association , an organization founded by Vincent Lebbe , a Lazarist priest . They also did an advanced course , Diploma in Tropical Medicine and Hygiene , from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine and did English language training in 1953 . In 1954 , they received the offer to work at the Vallabhbhai Patel Chest Institute and Hospital , New Delhi but chose to accept the invitation from Frans Hemerijckx , a Belgian leprologist , to join them in India to open an ambulatory leprosy control project at Polambakkam , a leprosy endemic small village near Kanchipuram in the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Clinic Under the Trees
Claire , along with Frans Hemerijckx , established a Leprosy Centre based at Polambakkam in 1955 . The centre , with Vellut and Hemerijckx in the lead , started mobile clinical service called , Clinic under the Trees , a set up where patients were treated in makeshift open clinics set up under the trees . The system carried on for five years till the local government took over the operations with Vellut continuing as its medical officer . They also did a short training course in leprosy at the Calcutta School of Tropical Medicine during this time . Vellut continued with the activities of the trust for 55 years till 2009 and continued their association till their final departure from India in 2012 . During their time in Polambakkam , they are reported to have treated over 31000 patients . They were a member of the Damien Foundation in Belgium and in 1992 , founded the Indian chapter of the organization under the name , Damien Foundation Trust India . They were also associated with Setukaran Project '' ' , an initiative by a group of women led by Kavari , the daughter in law of Frans Hemerijckx , for providing mass education to the rural women , as a co-founder and a member of their governing council .
Later years
Death of a few people close to them in 2008 influenced Vellut to think about returning to Belgium and they spent most of the next three years travelling between Belgium , Mauritius and India . From 2009 onwards , they started engaging themselves with the activities of the International Fraternal Association in Brussels by looking after the office duties and routine chores of the organization . They left India for the final time in July 2012 .
Claire Vellut , who remained a spinster throughout their life , died on 20 September 2013 , at the age of 87 , at their room at the premises of the Little Sisters of the Poor in Brussels . Them mortal remains were buried at Banneux cemetery in Brussels . After the death , their friends and relatives shared their memories and testimonies which have been compiled and hosted in a web site , , as a tribute to the Belgian humanist .
Awards and honours
The Government of India awarded them the civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1981 . The Catholic University of Louvain conferred a doctorate ( honoris causa ) on them in 1989 . When the Government of India celebrated the 50th anniversary of Indian independence in 1997 , Claire Vellut was one among the 50 women awarded with Stree Ratna honour . Amici di Raoul Follereau '' ( AIFO ) , an Italian non governmental organization engaged in community-based rehabilitation ( CBR ) programmes for leprosy and mental disorders , awarded them the Raoul Follereau Award in 1999 . They were awarded the Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown by the Royal Court of Belgium in 2009 and they received the Indira Gandhi Award from the International Leaders in Education Program ( ILEP ) in 2011 .
Award gallery
See also
Vincent Lebbe
Father Damien
Thomas Cochrane ( doctor )
Little Sisters of the Poor
References
External links
Recipients of the Padma Shri in social work
Grand Crosses of the Order of the Crown ( Belgium )
Physicians from Antwerp
Belgian leprologists
Belgian humanists
Belgian social workers
Leprosy in India
Catholic University of Leuven ( 1834–1968 ) alumni
Alumni of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine
1926 births
2013 deaths
20th-century Indian medical doctors
20th-century Indian educators
Social workers
20th-century women educators
20th-century Indian women
The Estonia national under-17 football team represents Estonia in association football at the under-17 youth level , and is controlled by the Estonian Football Association .
Current squad
Head coach : Lars Christian Hopp ,
Assistant Coach : Vladimir Voskoboinikov ,
Goalkeeping Coach : Rait Oja
The following 19 players were called for the matches on 22 , 25 and 28 October 2017 .
See also
Estonia national football team
Estonia national under-21 football team
Estonia national under-19 football team
Estonia national youth football team
References
External links
Home page
Estonian U-17 team at UEFA Official page
European national under-17 association football teams
under-17
D.I.G.I.T.A.L . is a compilation album by American MC KRS-One . It was released in November 2003 via Front Page Entertainment and is composed of a number of songs previously only released on white label 12 '' singles and B-sides with a few remixes and KRS-One cameos on other artist records .
Many of the tracks here have been given different titles from their original releases . For example , `` As You Already Know '' was originally released as a single by Truck Turner under the name `` Symphony 2000 '' while `` When The Moon '' was called `` Aquarius '' when it first was released as a limited KRS-One 12 '' single around 1999 .
Track listing
`` Intro : You Know What 's Up ! ''
`` For Example ''
Incorporate lyrics from `` Get Your Self Up '' by KRS-One
`` Tell the Devil Ha ! ''
Contains a sample from `` Dernier Domicile Connu '' by François de Roubaix
`` When the Moon ''
Featuring : Courtney Terry
`` Free Mumia ''
Featuring : Channel Live
Contains a sample from `` Hard to Handle '' by Otis Redding
`` Ah Yeah ! ''
`` Bring It to the Cypher ''
Featuring : Truck Turner
Produced by DJ Premier
`` As You Already Know ''
Featuring : Truck Turner , Big Punisher , Kool G Rap
Contains a sample from `` The Symphony '' by Juice Crew
`` A Freestyle Song ''
Featuring : Common
`` Article ( Remix ) ''
Featuring : Mad Lion , Shelly Thunder , Whitey Don
`` Music for the '90s ''
Featuring : G. Simone
Produced by Kid Capri
Contains a sample from `` Why Is That ? '' by BDP
`` Let It Flow ( Get You in the Mood ) ''
Featuring : Courtney Terry
`` Remember ''
`` No Wack DJ 's ''
`` We Do n't Care Anymore ''
`` Smilin ' Faces ''
Featuring : Shock G .
`` Hiphop Vs. Rap ''
`` Woop ! Woop ! ( Showbiz Remix ) ''
Incorporates `` Sound of da Police '' by KRS-One
`` Harmony and Understanding ''
`` Outro : I 'll Be Back ''
References
2003 compilation albums
KRS-One albums
Albums produced by Showbiz ( producer )
Albums produced by DJ Premier
Cleopatra Records compilation albums
Apaloderma is a genus of birds in the family Trogonidae .
The name is a compound word composed of two Greek words : hapalos , meaning `` delicate '' and derma , meaning `` skin '' . Established by William John Swainson in 1833 , the genus contains the following species :
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
They Wanted a Cream Front Door is a 1947 comedy play by the British writer A.R . Whatmore .
It ran for 129 performances at the Apollo Theatre in London 's West End between 6 February and 31 June 1947 . The cast included Robertson Hare , Peter Haddon , Sidney Vivian and Ian Carmichael . It was produced by Austin Melford .
References
Bibliography
Wearing , J.P . The London Stage 1940-1949 : A Calendar of Productions , Performers , and Personnel . Rowman & Littlefield , 2014 .
1947 plays
British plays
Comedy plays
West End plays
Plays set in London
The Three Perils of Man ; or , War , Women , and Witchcraft . A Border Romance ( 1822 ) is a novel by James Hogg set in the Scottish Borders during the reign of Robert II , King of Scots ( 1371–90 ) .
Composition and sources
The first surviving reference to the composition of The Three Perils of Man dates from November 1819 , when Hogg indicated they had completed a little over one volume . They seem not to have made much progress in the next nine months , and it was not until the spring of 1821 that they claimed the novel was complete , albeit in need of further revision . They worked on proofs at the end of the year .
For the story of a nobleman holding a castle at their lady 's behest Hogg was drawing on accounts of the defence of Castle Douglas by Sir John Webiton , or Walton , against Sir James Douglas . The tale was originally told by John Barbour ( d. 1395 ) in The Brus and then by David Hume of Godscroft in The History of the Houses of Douglas and Angus ( 1644 ) . In Hogg 's own time it appears in a note to The Lord of the Isles ( 1815 ) by Walter Scott , and in the same author 's essay on 'Chivalry ' in the 1818 supplement of the Encyclopaedia Britannica . Hogg also draws on The Brus for an episode actually involving Roxburgh castle , in attacking which Sir James Douglas and their men are taken for cattle .
Editions
The only edition of the complete novel in Hogg 's lifetime appeared in London in three volumes in June 1822 , the publishers being Longman , Hurst , Rees , Orme , and Brown . Lacking confidence in the work as a whole , Hogg extracted certain sections for separate publication : poems from the novel appeared in a number of journals ; 'The Laird of Peatstacknowe 's Tale ' was retitled 'Marion 's Jock ' for Altrive Tales in 1832 ; 'The Poet 's Tale ' became 'The Three Sisters ' in Fraser 's Magazine for May 1835 , but as a poem ; and most extensively the Roxburgh material became 'The Siege of Roxburgh ' in the posthumous final volume of Tales and Sketches ( 1837 ) .
The standard modern critical edition of the novel , by Judy King and Graham Tulloch , was published in 2012 by Edinburgh University Press as Volume 27 of the Stirling/South Carolina Research Edition of The Collected Works of James Hogg .
Plot summary
During the reign of Robert II , King of Scots ( 1371‒90 ) , the English Sir Philip Musgrave captures Roxburgh castle and is committed to hold it for a specified period to satisfy their mistress Lady Jane Howard . James , Earl of Douglas , takes up a challenge by Robert 's daughter Princess Margaret to recapture it within the same period . Sir Walter Scott of Rankleburn assists Douglas indirectly by harassing the English supply chain , to their own advantage .
Both Jane and Margaret assume male disguise in order to keep an eye on their respective lovers . After Margaret has recognised Jane and arranged for them to be delivered up to Douglas , they ( disguised as their own page ) is captured by the English garrison at Roxburgh and executed . A monk conveys instructions to Douglas from their spirit to take revenge .
The central part of the novel focusses on a delegation dispatched by Sir Walter Scott to ascertain the future fortunes of their family from the wizard Michael Scott at their castle of Aikwood . It consists of the bard Colley Carol , Thomas Craik ( the Deil 's Tam ) , Gibby Jordan of Peatstacknowe , and a friar , with Charlie Scott as leader and a girl and a boy ( Delany Hall and Elias ) as presents . They encounter a hostile reception . After a series of supernatural events , egress from the castle having become impossible , the wizard arranges a story-telling competition . More supernatural events follow .
Back at Roxburgh , faced with the execution of their captured brother and defilement of Jane , Sir Philip takes their own life . In exchange for two baronies Sir Walter Scott takes direct action , capturing the castle by disguising their men as cattle . Margaret tests Douglas 's commitment to themselves by a further adoption of a disguise , and the couple marry . After a competition among the knights for ladies ' favours , the friar unites Jane in marriage with Charlie , and Delany with Colley . The novel ends with an account by Gibby of Michael Scott 's death in combat with a diabolical rival .
Principal characters
Central characters in bold
Robert II , King of Scots
Their queen
Princess Margaret , their daughter
Sir Philip Musgrave
Sir Richard Musgrave , their brother
Lady Jane Howard , their mistress
James , Earl of Douglas and Mar
Sir Walter Scott of Rankleburn and Murdieston ( Sir Ringan Redhough in pre-2012 editions )
Lady Rankleburn , their wife
Dickie o ' Dryhope , their cousin
Simon of Gemelscleuch
Charlie Scott of Yardbire
Patrick Chisholm of Castleweary
Dan Chisholm , their son
Bess Chisholm , their daughter
Sir Stephen Vernon
Sandy Yellowlees , a fisherman
Henry Clavering , an English officer
Mary Kirkmichael of Balmedie , a Scottish maid of honour
Benjamin , a monk
Colley Carol , a poet
Gibby Jordan , Laird of Peatstacknowe
Thomas Craik ( The Deil 's Tam )
Roger , a Friar
Michael Scott of Aikwood , a wizard
Prim , Prig , and Pricker , their three diabolical imps
Delany Hall
Elias
Jock Robson of the Trows , a shepherd
Will Laidlaw of Craik
Lady Neville of Ravensworth
Chapter summary
Volume One
Ch.1 : The English Sir Philip Musgrave has taken Roxburgh castle and is committed to hold it until the end of the Christmas holidays to satisfy their mistress Lady Jane Howard . James , Earl of Douglas , takes up a challenge by Princess Margaret to retake the castle by the same date . Sir Walter Scott of Rankleburn refuses to join Douglas directly : they are assured by an old man of the future success of the Scott family .
Ch . 2 : Sir Walter discusses the situation with their kinsmen , including their officious cousin Dickie o ' Dryhope , and it is resolved they should enrich themselves by intercepting the English supply chain .
Ch . 3 : The opposing forces at Roxburgh engage in single combat and skirmishes , in one of which Sir Philip 's brother Richard is taken prisoner .
Ch . 4 : Jane Howard and Princess Margaret , both in male disguise , encounter each other uneasily at Patrick Chisholm 's home of Castleweary .
Ch . 5 : Princess Margaret , who has penetrated Jane Howard 's disguise , tells Patrick 's son Dan to take Jane and their party prisoner and convey them to Douglas . Going ahead to Hawick , Margaret disguises themselves afresh as their own page Colin and attaches themselves to Douglas . Back at Castleweary , Charlie Scott of Yardbire arrives and joins Dan in conveying the disguised Jane and their party to Douglas , refusing a bribe to set them free .
Ch . 6 : In front of Roxburgh castle Douglas confirms Jane 's identity and executes them followers .
Ch . 7 : Sandy Yellowlees , a fisherman , discovers a secret supply route to Roxburgh castle : they are captured and executed by the garrison , one of whom ( Sir Stephen Vernon ) is exposed and executed as a traitor . During a visit under safe conduct to the Scots camp , Sir Philip meets their condemned brother and Lady Jane , increasing the pressure on them to surrender the castle .
Ch . 8 : Margaret ( as Colin , speaking for their mistress ) demands that Douglas take the castle immediately and that they have Jane mutilated . During an English sally Colin ( Margaret ) is captured .
Ch . 9 : Sir Richard Musgrave is executed by the Scots ( but see Vol . 3 , Ch . 6 ) , and Colin ( Margaret ) by the English ( but see Vol . 3 , Ch . 10 ) . Douglas learns of Colin 's identity . A monk called Benjamin conveys instructions to Douglas from Margaret 's spirit to take measured steps of revenge .
Ch . 10 : A delegation sent by Sir Walter to ascertain from the wizard Michael Scott the future fortunes of their family is accommodated at Jock Robson 's house . The party consists of the bard Colley Carol , Thomas Craik ( the Deil 's Tam ) , Gibby Jordan of Peatstacknowe , and a friar , with Charlie Scott as leader .
Ch . 11 : The delegation survive an attack by a party of Halls trying to rescue Delany Hall , who , together with a boy called Elias , is intended as a present to Michael Scott .
Ch . 12 : The delegation arrive at Aikwood tower after an adventure involving the corpse of one of the Hall party on horseback , and a general expression of suspicion of the friar 's motives in offering Delany spiritual instruction using oriental language .
Volume Two
Ch . 1 : The delegation receive a hostile reception from Michael and their entourage , but they eventually win control of the castle and lock up the seneschal Gourlay .
Ch . 2 : Using sacred objects , the delegation overcome first an aggressive witch , and then Michael 's three diabolical imps . They release Gourlay when Michael promises to keep them under control .
Ch . 3 : Michael and the friar compete in a demonstration of their respective powers .
Ch . 4 : The friar frees Michel from the power of a demon by prayer , and they exchange accounts of their beliefs . Egress from the castle being impossible , the friar having blasted the keys away along with Gourlay , Michael proposes a story-telling competition with Delany as the prize .
Ch . 5 : In 'The Friar 's Tale ' the friar tells a story of lost love in biblical style .
Ch . 6 : Delany turns out to be the daughter of the friar 's lost love . In the 'Laird of Peatstacknowe 's Tale ' Gibby tells the story of a voracious cowherd Jock .
Ch . 7 : In 'Charlie Scott 's Tale ' Charlie tells of their early fighting career : in one episode the spirit of the Lady of Ravensworth adjures Charlie and Will Laidlaw of Craik to take care of their son whom they have rescued .
Ch . 8 : Colley Carol reveals themselves to be the boy of 'Charlie Scott 's Tale ' , and Thomas Craik identifies themselves as the Jock of Gibby 's narrative . In 'Tam Craik 's Tale ' Thomas tells the rest of their life story , involving their mistreatment by a deceitful master and their apprenticeship to a mischievous proficient in swordsmanship .
Volume Three
Ch . 1 : A party led by Dan Chisholm , sent by Sir Walter Scott , arrives at Aikwood with food but they are repelled by a master fiend .
Ch . 2 : In 'The Poet 's Tale ' Colley tells of three maidens who , with divine assistance , effect the abolition of the worship of Odin .
Ch . 3 : Gibby is chosen by lot to be killed and eaten if it should prove necessary .
Ch . 4 : Approaching Melrose , Dan and their party are met by strange horsemen purporting to be the abbot and three monks , with whom they return to Aikwood where Michael prophesies future glory for the Scott family .
Ch . 5 : Michael and the abbot ( revealed as the Devil ) torment Dan and their party , turning them into bulls but providing the friar with the means to reinstate them .
Ch . 6 : Back at Roxburgh , Sir Philip Musgrave responds to the threatened execution of their brother Richard ( who was in fact not killed in Vol . 1 , Ch . 9 ) and defilement of Lady Jane by taking their own life . Douglas visits Sir Walter , who agrees to prosecute the taking of Roxburgh in exchange for two baronies .
Ch . 7 : A band including Will Laidlaw and Dan Chisholm , disguised as English peasants , bringing hides to Sir Walter , arrive at Peter Chisholm 's farm ( Dan leaves the group before their arrival ) . Will recognises their sweetheart Bess Chisholm dressed as their absent brother and reveals their identity to them A group of actual English thieves arrive , and Laidlaw 's band overcome them . Laidlaw attacks more of the thieves who are stealing the Chisholm livestock , the disguised Bess being wounded in the skirmish and granted by their grateful father to Will . Laidlaw 's men are reunited with Dan , and they all make their way to Roxburgh with the accumulated hides .
Ch . 8 : Sir Walter takes Roxburgh castle by disguising their men as cattle .
Ch . 9 : To save them from the English hide-merchant , whose identity they never discovers , Peter Chisholm gets Laidlaw to marry Bess immediately . The friar asks Charlie Scott to agree that Delany should marry Colley Carol . An English attempt to rescue Jane Howard from the Douglas 's power at Roxburgh is frustrated . The King and Queen arrive at Roxburgh .
Ch . 10 : The monk Benjamin tries to persuade the King that Douglas should marry Jane Howard , but Douglas refuses , and it turns out that Benjamin is Lady Margaret in disguise : they had not in fact been executed , and was testing Douglas . The pair marry , and during the wedding celebrations the friar 's mule proves disruptive .
Ch . 11 : Jane Howard tells Mary Kirkmichael that they are jealous of Lady Margaret . After Mary has prepared the ground , the knights are invited to compete for ladies ' favours : the friar unites Colley Carol with Delany and Charlie Scott with Jane . At the Queen 's request , Charlie accompanies them in search of the Devil , but instead they meet Gibby Jordan .
Ch . 12 : Gibby tells of their tormenting by Michael and the devil at Aikwood , and of Michael 's death in combat with their diabolical rival .
References
Further reading
1822 British novels
Novels set in the Middle Ages
Novels set in Scotland
Scottish historical novels
Works by James Hogg
Rakovski may refer to :
Places
Rakovski ( town ) , a town in Plovdiv Province , Bulgaria
Rakovski , Dobrich Province , a village in Dobrich Province , Bulgaria
Rakovski , Razgrad Province , a village in Razgrad Province , Bulgaria
People with the surname
Abraham Abba Rakovski ( 1854–1921 ) , writer and translator
Georgi Sava Rakovski , Bulgarian revolutionary
Christian Rakovsky , Bulgarian-born Bolshevik politician
See also
Rakowski
Rakovsky
Bulgarian-language surnames
This is list of film actors from Portugal .
Beatriz Batarda ( born 1974 )
Daniela Melchior ( born 1996 )
Diogo Morgado ( born 1981 )
Edgar Morais ( born 1989 )
Joaquim de Almeida ( born 1957 )
Leonor Silveira ( born 1970 )
Lúcia Moniz ( born 1976 )
Luis Da Silva ( born 1982 )
Luís Miguel Cintra ( born 1949 )
Nuno Lopes ( born 1978 )
Maria de Medeiros ( born 1965 )
Rita Blanco ( born 1963 )
See also
Lists of actors
List of Portuguese people
Portuguese
Film actors
Marco Sgarbi ( born 14 August 1982 ) is an Italian philosopher and an historian of philosophy , with a special interest in the history of epistemology and logic . They are associate professor at the Ca ' Foscari University of Venice . They are member of the Accademia Nazionale Virgiliana .
Biography
Marco Sgarbi was born in 1982 in Mantua , Italy , and received their Ph.D. from the Università di Verona .
They are the editor of Philosophical Readings , a four-monthly on-line journal , and of Studies and Sources in the History of Philosophy Series by Aemme Edizioni . They are also member of the editorial board of Lo Sguardo , Estudios Kantianos , philosophy @ lisbon , Etica & Politica / Ethics & Politics , Rivista di letteratura religiosa italiana .
They are the editor of the series Bloomsbury Studies in the Aristotelian Tradition .
They work for the promotion of women rights and their advancement in the society . They founded LEI-Center for Women 's Leadership at Ca ' Foscari University of Venice
Research
Their work has focused on Kant , Aristotelianism , Renaissance philosophy and intellectual history . In their `` Kant and Aristotle '' , Sgarbi follows Giorgio Tonelli 's investigations and they examine the intellectual situation of Königsberg in the years of the formation of the Kantian philosophy , assuming that Königsberg with its university are the framework from which Kant actually took fundamental ideas and problems . In particular they focus on the Aristotelian tradition , on Schulphilosophie , and on the Eclectic movement , which dominated Königsberg up to the advent of Kant 's critical philosophy . In `` Kant e l'irrazionale '' , which is also translated in Spanish , Sgarbi shows that the third Critique is neither a book on aesthetics nor on teleology , but on an hermeneutical not-conceptual logic . `` Kant on Spontaneity '' is the first full-length study of the problem of spontaneity in Kant . They demonstrate that spontaneity is a crucial concept in relation to every aspect of Kant 's thought . They begin by reconstructing the history of the concept of spontaneity in the German Enlightenment prior to Kant and goes on to define knowing , thinking , acting and feeling as spontaneous activities of the mind that in turn determine Kant 's logic , ethics and aesthetics . They show that the notion of spontaneity is key to understanding both Kant 's theoretical and practical philosophy .
In intellectual history , they propose an original methodology based on the history of problems , in competition with the methodology of the history of ideas and Begriffsgeschichte . In their view , history of problem is 1 ) based on original elements of human experience ; 2 ) always new , because the experience of problems and their solutions are always new ; 3 ) rich , because to one problem refers to multiple ideas and conceptualities ; 4 ) infinite , because the solutions and approaches to the problems are infinite ; 5 ) interdisciplinary , because different sciences can solve the same problem from different points of view ; 6 ) intercultural , because problems are common elements of the various civilizations ; 7 ) able to open new ways to find new solutions .
In March 2014 at the Renaissance Society of America Annual Meeting in New York , Sgarbi presented their conception of Renaissance , called `` Liquid Renaissance '' and based on reflexive historiography . They employ “ liquid ” in the same way of contemporary historians and sociologist to characterize `` liquid democracy '' or `` liquid society '' , that is when one or more parts of the whole constitute dynamically , voluntarily or involuntarily , the whole itself that circularly and continuously redefines the parts . They emphasize that we can not help seeing the past from the point of view of the present , but we should do it in a correct way , otherwise , certain aspects of the past may be overlooked or misunderstood . Renaissance should be carefully historically qualified according to time and place and should be constantly redefined according to the progress of scholarship , since what the Renaissance was or is shifts almost kaleidoscopically , establishing the existence of many Renaissances .
In their ERC project Sgarbi explored the role of logic and epistemology in Renaissance Italy , focusing Antonio Tridapale , Alessandro Piccolomini , Niccolò Massa , Sebastiano Erizzo , Sperone Speroni , Benedetto Varchi and Francesco Robortello . Their research shed light on the emergence of a new conception of knowledge , on in which knowledge is above all else power . With the idea that knowledge is not only power , but a power that must be available to all , this knowledge represented a radical shift compared to previous conceptions in which knowledge was held exclusively by the universities and the clergy . It constituted an impulse towards the democratization of knowledge . Within this framework , Sgarbi argues , that logic , especially logic in the vernacular took on an entirely new role within the encyclopedia of sciences , becoming a general instrument for discovering new knowledge . Their research focused on Francesco Robortello 's theory of the popularization of knowledge and claims that popularization , vulgarization and translation are means for educating people , not reducing high culture to lower level .
Their study on Renaissance epistemology led to a new understanding of the audience of the vernacular works , the rise of the vernacular language and Aristotelianism , the definition of what was meant by vulgarizing in the Italian Renaissance . Their research shows that vernacular renderings of Aristotle 's works were aims at the people , including men lacking culture or knowledge of Latin as well as princes , men of letters , women and children . Vulgarization was not just a simple matter of simplifying and trivializing knowledge , but a way to learn common people .
Their research examined all the treatises that deal explicitly with the theory of vulgarization and translation in Renaissance Italy and led to the conclusion that it is impossible to state unequivocally that to vulgarize does not always mean to transpose into the vernacular , namely to translate , but can sometimes also have the broader meaning of popularizing . Hence not every translation is a vulgarization . As regards both translations and other forms of vulgarizations , it meant rendering in the vernacular for the purpose of making content more accessible . Content is never at the expense of rhetoric or the eloquence . Sgarbi calls this process `` philologism of the content '' .
They studied the epistemology and the new conception of knowledge in the context of vernacular mechanics , physics and meteorology . At the Renaissance Society of America Annual meeting in Berlin in 2015 they showed how besides the Latin production , various Italian vernacular commentaries , expositions and translations of the Pseudo-Aristotelian Mechanical Problems were produced for very practical purposes . Works such as those of Oreste Biringucci , Antonio Guarino , Giuseppe Moletti , and Nicolò Tartaglia were addressed to engineers , architects and bombardiers . They researched on Trifon Gabriele 's philosophical works on meteorology , by showing how the eclectic perspective was peculiar of the cultural contexts outside the university , as the academies , which were more open to the contamination of various philosophical traditions .
Sgarbi investigated the philosophy in Renaissance academies ( Accademia degli Infiammati , Accademia fiorentina , Accademia dei Vivi ) , by examining authors like Nikola Vitov Gučetić , Francesco Barozzi , Alessandro Piccolomini , Benedetto Varchi , Ludovico Dolce and Sperone Speroni .
In their monograph on the immortality of the soul in Renaissance Italy , they show how this topic usually matter of scholastic debate among university professors became common currency in vernacular writings too . These works show high eclecticism of Aristotelianism with Platonism and Hermeticism in order to save the idea of the individual immortality of the soul .
Their latest research is on the epistemologies of medicine and its impact on early modern philosophy . During the conference ( De ) Constructing authority in early modern cosmology Sgarbi showed how the anatomical epistemological model influenced Galileo 's notion of sensate esperienze .
Bibliography
Francesco Robortello ( 1516-1567 ) . Architectural Genius of the Humanities ( London : Routledge , 2019 ) .
Profumo d'immortalità . Controversie sull'anima nella filosofia volgare del Rinascimento ( Roma : Carocci , 2016 ) .
Kant and Aristotle . Epistemology , Logic , and Method ( New York : SUNY Press , 2016 ) .
The Italian Mind . Vernacular Logic in Renaissance Italy ( Leiden : Brill , 2014 ) .
Kant e l'irrazionale ( Milano : Mimesis , 2013 ) .
The Aristotelian Tradition and the Rise of British Empiricism . Logic and Epistemology in the British Isles ( 1570–1689 ) ( Dordrecht : Springer , 2013 ) .
Kant on Spontaneity ( London-New York : Continuum , 2012 ) .
Immanuel Kant , Critica del Juicio ( Madrid : Maya , 2011 ) .
They are also the editor of :
with Matteo Cosci : The Aftermath of Syllogism Aristotelian Logical Argument from Avicenna to Hegel ( London : Bloomsbury , 2018 ) .
Translatio studiorum . Ancient , Medieval and Modern Bearers of Intellectual History ( Leiden : Brill , 2012 ) .
with Piero Giordanetti and Riccardo Pozzo : Kant 's Philosophy of Unconscious ( Berlin-New York : Walter De Gruyter , 2012 ) .
with Seung-Kee Lee , Riccardo Pozzo and Dagmar von Wille , Philosophical Academic Programs of the German Enlightenment : A Literary Genre Recontextualized ( Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt : Frommann-Holzboog , 2012 ) .
Bruno Nardi , Naturalismo e Alessandrismo nel Rinascimento ( Brescia : Torri d'Ercole , 2012 ) .
with Valerio Rocco Lozano : Diritto e storia in Kant e Hegel ( Trento : Verifiche , 2011 ) .
with Riccardo Pozzo : Begriffs- , Ideen- und Problemgeschichte im 21 . Jahrhundert ( Wiesbaden : Harrassowitz , 2011 ) .
Thomas Hobbes , Logica , ( Pisa : ETS [ Parva philosophica . Le perle 28 ] , 2011 ) .
with Leonel Ribeiro dos Santos , Ubirajara Rancan de Azevedo Marques , Gregorio Piaia , and Riccardo Pozzo : Was ist der Mensch/Que è o homem ? Antropologia , Estética e Teleologia em Kant ( Lisboa : Centro de Filosofia da Universidade de Lisboa , 2010 ) .
Marino Gentile , La dottrina delle idee numeri e Aristotele , with an introduction by Enrico Berti ( Verona : Aemme Edizioni , 2010 ) .
The Kant-Weymann Controversy . Two Polemical Writings on Optimism ( Verona : Aemme Edizioni , 2010 ) .
Francisco Suárez and their Legacy . The Impact of Suárezian Metaphysics and Epistemology on Modern Philosophy ( Milano : Vita e pensiero , 2010 ) .
Pietro Pomponazzi . Tradizione e dissenso ( Firenze : Olschki , 2010 ) .
Jacopo Zabarella , Opera physica ( Verona : Aemme Edizioni , 2009 ) .
with Riccardo Pozzo : Eine Typologie der Formen der Begriffsgeschichte ( Hamburg : Meiner , 2010 ) .
with Riccardo Pozzo : Kant e Hegel tra Europa e America ( Torino : Rosenberg & Sellier , 2009 ) .
with Riccardo Pozzo : Kant and the Philosophical Tradition , special issue of Kant e-Prints , Campinas N.S . 3 ( 2008 ) : 89-373 .
with Riccardo Pozzo : I filosofi e l'Europa ( Milano : Mimesis , 2009 ) .
Articles in English :
“ What was meant by vulgarizing in the Italian Renaissance ? ” , Intellectual History Review , ( 2019 ) : 1-28 .
`` Renaissance Facultative Logic and the Workings of the Mind : The Cognitive Turn '' , in Stephan Schmid ( ed . ) , Philosophy of Mind in the Late Middle Ages and Renaissance ( London : Routledge , 2018 ) , 270–290 .
“ What does a Renaissance Aristotelian look like ? From Petrarch to Galilei , ” HOPOS . The Journal of the International Society for the History of Philosophy of Science , 7 ( 2017 ) : 226–45 .
“ What was a Renaissance Academy ? An Aristotelian Perspective , ” Archivum Mentis , 6 ( 2017 ) , 263–88 .
“ The Instatement of the Vernacular as Language of Culture . A New Aristotelian Paradigm in Sixteenth-Century Italy , ” Intersezioni , 36 ( 2016 ) : 319–43 .
“ Aristotle and the People . Vernacular Philosophy in Renaissance Italy , ” Renaissance & Reformation , 39 ( 2016 ) : 59–109 .
“ Francesco Robortello on Topics , ” Viator , 47 ( 2016 ) : 365–388 .
“ Benedetto Varchi on the Soul . Vernacular Aristotelianism between Reason and Faith , ” Journal of the History of Ideas , 76 ( 2015 ) : 1-23 .
“ Thomas White , an Aristotelian Response to Scepticism , ” Archiwum Historii Filozofii , 58 ( 2013 ) : 83–96 .
“ Ralph Lever 's Art of Reason , Rightly Termed Witcraft ( 1573 ) , ” Bruniana & Campanelliana , 19 ( 2013 ) : 149–164 .
“ Hume 's Source of the “ Impression-Idea ” Distinction , ” Anales del Seminario de Historia de la Filosofía , 2 ( 2012 ) : 561–576 .
“ Towards a Reassessment of British Aristotelianism , ” Vivarium . An International Journal for the Philosophy and Intellectual Life of the Middle Ages and Renaissance , 50 ( 2012 ) : 85–109 .
“ Metaphysics in Königsberg prior to Kant ( 1703-1770 ) , ” /Trans/Form/Ação/ , 33 ( 2010 ) : 31–64 .
“ The Historical Genesis of Kantian Concept of Transcendental , ” Archiv für Begriffsgeschichte , 53 ( 2011 ) : 97–117 .
“ Abraham Calov and Immanuel Kant . Aristotelian and Scholastic Traces in Kantian Philosophy , ” Historia Philosophica , 5 ( 2010 ) : 55–62 .
“ At the Origin of the Connection between Logic and Ontology . The Impact of Suárez 's Metaphysics in Königsberg , ” Anales Valentinos , 71 ( 2010 ) : 145–159 .
“ Kant 's Concept of Spontaneity within the Tradition of Aristotelian Ethics , ” Studia Kantiana , 8 ( 2009 ) : 121–139 .
“ The Spontaneity of Mind in Kant 's Transcendental Logic , ” Fenomenologia e società , 2 ( 2009 ) : 28–19 .
“ Kant 's Ethics as a part of Metaphysics : The Role of Spontaneity , ” Kant e-prints , 3 ( 2008 ) : 265–278 .
`` Concepts vs. Ideas vs . Problems . Historiographical Strategies in Writing History of Philosophy , '' in Riccardo Pozzo e Marco Sgarbi ( eds . ) , Begriffs- , Ideen- und Problemgeschichte im 21 . Jahrhundert , ( Wiesbaden : Harrassowitz , 2011 ) , 69–80 .
`` Kant , Aristotle and the Rise of Facultative Logic , '' in Ennio De Bellis ( ed . ) , Aristotle and the Aristotelian Tradition ( Soveria Mannelli : Rubbettino 2008 ) , 405–416 .
`` Theory of the History of Problems . A Re-contextualization , '' in Gürcan Koçan ( ed . ) , Transnational Concepts , Transfers and the Challenge of Peripheries , Istanbul Teknik Universitesi Press , Istanbul 2008 , 107–125 .
`` Spontaneity from Leibniz to Kant . Sources and Studies , '' in Herbert Berger , Jürgen Herbst , and Sven Erdner ( eds . ) , Einheit in der Vielheit : XII . Internationaler Leibniz-Kongress ( Hannover : Leibniz Gesellschaft 2006 ) , 989–996 .
References
External links
Sgarbi 's Homepage at the Università Ca ' Foscari
Sgarbi 's Blog
Sgarbi on Academia.edu
Philosophical Readings
Sgarbi 's ORCID
1982 births
Writers from Mantua
21st-century Italian philosophers
Continental philosophers
Living people
Polaromonas is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria from the family Comamonadaceae . Polaromonas species are psychrophiles .
References
Comamonadaceae
Bacteria genera
Prime Ministers is a Rock Band from Ecuador , formed in 2008 . The band consists of Ernesto `` E '' Estrada ( lead vocals , guitars and piano ) , Alejandro `` Alex '' Zon ( drums ) , Fabio `` Shaggy '' López ( guitars and vocals ) and Alejandro `` Ale '' Carrau ( bass ) .
History
Prime Ministers formed as a band in 2008 . They released their first album Take a Ride in 2009 and were invited to perform at music festivals including South By Southwest , in Austin , Texas ( USA ) and Rock al Parque in Bogota ( Colombia ) .
Their singles `` Smoking Monkeys '' and `` Under Your Spell '' reached the number one in Radio and the video for `` Far From Free '' went to number one in MTV Latino .
They were chosen as one of the 50 Best bands of the year .
Prime Ministers ' first video `` Smoking Monkeys '' reached the top 10 in MTV Latin America .
In 2010 the song `` Under Your Spell '' was included in the program Los 100 + Pedidos , an annual program broadcast on MTV Latin America .
In February 2011 they released a new video for the single `` Far From Free '' , arriving at number one out of the top 10 most requested videos of MTV Latin America . `` Far From Free '' was also selected to be part of the official music of the telenovela , broadcast to all Latin America and for the US by MTV .
In July 2011 they closed the first day of the annual Rock al Parque music festival in Bogotá , Colombia
In January 2012 , the Mayor of the Metropolitan District of Quito , the and the institution Mis Bandas Nacionales de Ecuador presented Prime Ministers with two awards : The Gold Medal and the MBN Statuette for their international performance .
On March 15 , 2012 , the Prime Ministers performed at SXSW festival in Austin , Texas .
In June 2014 they released their second album , NOW , produced by Max Heyes . This was their first release in the United States .
To promote the album , Prime Ministers performed at festivals including The Great Escape ( Brighton , UK ) and Rock X La Vida ( Mexico ) , touring with the Chilean band La Ley throughout the United States and Mexico .
The video for the first single , `` Take It Back '' won the Best Video of the Year Award from the institution Mis Bandas Nacionales de Ecuador .
Prime Ministers released the first single `` New Beginnings '' from their 3rd record , Asymmetric , on January 24 , 2017 . The track is described by PureVolume as having a `` bouncy , rocking vibe that will make your head bob back and forth . ''
Discography
Albums
Take A Ride ( 2009 )
Now ( 2014 )
Asymmetric ( 2017 )
Singles
`` Smoking Monkeys '' - January 2010
`` Under Your Spell '' - March 2010
`` Far From Free '' - September 24 , 2010
`` Take It Back '' - March 31 , 2014
`` New Beginnings '' - January 24 , 2017
See also
Music of Ecuador
Ecuadorian rock
References
Musical groups established in 2008
Ecuadorian alternative rock groups
Ecuadorian rock music groups
Ecuadorian musical groups
Brahmbhatt is an Indian surname . Notable people with this surname include :
Bali Brahmbhatt ( fl . 1993–2012 ) , Bollywood playback singer and rapper
Harsh Brahmbhatt ( born 1954 ) , Indian language poet and writer
Radha Brahmbhatt ( fl . 2008 ) , Indian delegate to Miss International 2008
Akshay Brahmbhatt ( born 1996 ) , Indian cricketer
See also
Brahm Bhat , the surname Bhat , associated with the Indian Brahmin caste
Indian surnames
Enso Group is a multinational diversified conglomerate that has global operations across a wide range of industries , and is valued at over $ 6 Billion . The group was founded in 2005 by Chairman Vinay Maloo . It was started with a cluster of oil & gas E & P companies in Jordan , Nigeria , Georgia , Australia and India . The group has consultancy arm ( s ) in UK and Singapore with operational offices globally . They have business interests and investments worldwide , across a list of countries . Most of the group companies are privately held . Vaibhav Maloo holds the position of managing director of the group .
Enso Foundation
Enso Foundation is set up with a mission to uplift underprivileged sections of society , work on animal welfare , nature preservation , education and healthcare . The Group has contributed to NGO 's working towards underprivileged children education and healthcare in India and around the world . Enso Foundation is associated with Tour De India since 2013 .
Natural resources
Potash mining
The group has expanded horizontally with purchasing controlling stake in operations of a potash mining project in Saskatchewan province of Canada , an area which has one of the highest reserves of potash in the world . Potash is an ore that leads to products used in agriculture .
Energy
Enso Group has stake in a major gas block in Siberian region of Russia , near Irkutsk . The group sold its stake in Ensearch Petroleum , which had its holdings in 14 oil and gas blocks to Sahara India Pariwar in 2011 .
Healthcare
A PPP initiative of Enso Healthcare LLP , and Enso Care , was launched with GE-Wipro and Government of Maharashtra & another one in Punjab with Philips but the group exited before rollout and curbed its healthcare expansion plans .
Enso Healthcare would have provided diagnostic healthcare services to 140 million people in the Indian states of Maharashtra and Punjab under Public Private Partnership ( PPP ) model if they had gone ahead with the rollout .
Enso Healthcare LLP is acting as an aggregator for manufacturing of Sputnik V and Sputnik Light vaccines in India , for Russian sovereign fund RDIF .
Solar
The group is into solar products assembly and has executed many turnkey products in India .
Infrastructure
The 12.1 km Gurgaon metro rail , called Rapid Metro Gurgaon , was created in JV with Enso Group and a consortium of DLF and IL & FS . The group exited the project , however , soon after operations began . The joint venture SPV was called ITNL Enso Rail Systems Ltd . The metro runs today and has 11 hauls .
External links
Official website
See also
Vinay Maloo
Tour de India
References
Conglomerate companies of India
Indian companies established in 2005
Conglomerate companies established in 2005
Companies based in Mumbai
2005 establishments in Maharashtra
Vedad Ibišević ( ; born 6 August 1984 ) is a Bosnian former professional footballer who played as a forward . They are currently a member of the coaching staff of Hertha BSC .
Ibišević started their professional career at Paris Saint-Germain . They had a two-year loan stint with Dijon , and afterwards went to Germany , where they played for Alemannia Aachen , 1899 Hoffenheim , VfB Stuttgart , before eventually settling in Hertha BSC and later Schalke 04 . In 2008 , they were awarded the Idol Nacije award for Bosnian Footballer of the Year .
A former youth international for Bosnia and Herzegovina , Ibišević made their senior international debut in 2007 . They earned 83 caps and scored 28 goals until 2018 . Ibišević scored a goal that took Bosnia and Herzegovina to the 2014 FIFA World Cup , the nation 's first major tournament . They also scored their first ever goal at the tournament .
Club career
Early career
Ibišević was born in Vlasenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina , then a republic within SFR Yugoslavia . They and their family left Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2000 to move to Switzerland , where Ibišević was signed by FC Baden in Canton Aargau . Their family , however , left Switzerland after only ten months , moving to St. Louis , Missouri , in the United States . In St. Louis , Ibišević flourished as one of the region 's most promising football players , and after their senior season in 2002 , was named by Soccer America as one of the nation 's top 25 recruits . They played their high school football at Roosevelt High School in St. Louis .
Ibišević signed to play college soccer in their adopted hometown at one of the nation 's most respected football establishments , Saint Louis University . They quickly established themselves in their first-year student year , registering 18 goals and four assists in 22 games for the Billikens , while leading a strong SLU team deep into the NCAA Tournament . For their achievements , Ibišević was named the NCAA Freshman of the Year , as well as a first team All-American . During their college years , they also played in the Premier Development League with both the St. Louis Strikers and Chicago Fire Premier .
During training with the team , Ibišević was spotted by Paris Saint-Germain 's Bosnian manager Vahid Halilhodžić , who quickly signed them to play for the renowned French team for the coming season . Ibišević , however , initially saw little action , and was loaned to French second division club Dijon .
1899 Hoffenheim
In May 2006 , Ibišević signed a three-year deal with Alemannia Aachen , and on 12 July 2007 , they moved to another German club , 1899 Hoffenheim . At the time , the club competed in 2 . Bundesliga , where they got promoted in the previous season . At the end of Ibišević 's first season , the club managed to get promoted once again , this time to Bundesliga for the first time in their history .
Ibišević kicked off the 2008–09 season in good fashion , scoring two goals in 1899 Hoffenheim 's first ever appearance in Bundesliga against Energie Cottbus with the game ending in a 3–0 win . They scored another goal on their second game against Borussia Mönchengladbach , giving their team the victory . In their third Bundesliga match for the club , they scored their fourth goal of the season against Bayer Leverkusen , although their side lost 5–2 . They scored another two goals in 4–1 win over Borussia Dortmund . They even scored a goal against Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena in a 1–2 loss . During the first half of 1899 Hoffenheim 's debut season in the top flight , Ibišević recorded 18 goals and seven assists in 17 games , making them the league 's top scorer before they were injured . They were voted Bundesliga Player of the Month for October 2008 .
On 14 January 2009 , during the Bundesliga 's winter break , Ibišević was injured in a training match against Hamburger SV in Spain . The final examination confirmed an anterior right cruciate ligament rupture , which took them out of action for the rest of the season .
Ibišević returned at the beginning of the 2009–10 season . They were scoreless until 1899 Hoffenheim 's seventh Bundesliga match , when they scored a hat-trick against Hertha BSC in a remarkable comeback . This became the fifth-fastest hat-trick in Bundesliga history and the fastest goal scored that season , scored 44 seconds into the match . The only time when they again scored more than a single goal in that season was against Hamburger SV on 25 April 2010 . After the season , they signed a contract extension that would have kept them at the club until June 2013 .
Their third season started with a goal and assist against Werder Bremen on 21 August 2010 . Ibišević scored their only brace of the season in a 4–0 win over Eintracht Frankfurt .
Ibišević injured their thigh muscle in July 2011 and missed the opening seven games of the season .
VfB Stuttgart
On 25 January 2012 , Ibišević moved to VfB Stuttgart . They debuted for their new club just four days later against Borussia Mönchengladbach playing 90 minutes , and scored their first goal , the opening one , on 11 February 2012 in a 5–0 home victory against Hertha BSC . They also provided an assist in that match . Ibišević scored two more goals in a 2–1 derby victory over former club 1899 Hoffenheim on 16 March . Their good form continued as they netted a brace in their side 's emphatic 4–1 victory over Mainz 05 , bringing Stuttgart ever closer to securing European competition for the next season .
Ibišević 's first goal of the 2012–13 season came on 29 September 2012 , scoring within the opening minute as VfB Stuttgart defeated 1 . FC Nürnberg 2–0 . On 8 December , Ibišević scored their first hat-trick for VfB Stuttgart , netting all three goals as the home side moved into fifth spot in the league with a 3–1 defeat of Schalke 04 .
On 1 September 2013 , Ibišević netted a hat-trick against former club Hoffenheim , powering their side to a 6–2 victory at the Mercedes-Benz Arena . They were given a five-match ban on 9 February for appearing to strike Jan-Ingwer Callsen-Bracker in a home defeat to FC Augsburg . The German Football Association 's decision was reached as Ibišević was labelled as a `` repeat offender '' , having been sent off for a similar offence at the start of the previous season . The suspension would cause them to miss a game against their former team , 1899 Hoffenheim , and bottom team Eintracht Braunschweig . Ibišević apologised for their actions .
On 6 August 2014 , Ibišević extended their contract with VfB Stuttgart until June 2017 . In October 2014 , Ibišević broke their foot and subsequently missed nine games , returning in late January 2015 .
Hertha BSC
Ibišević was loaned to Hertha BSC on 30 August 2015 , making the deal permanent in July 2016 . Ibišević debuted for their new club against VfB Stuttgart on 12 September 2015 . On 22 September , they scored twice in a 2–0 home win over 1 . FC Köln , ending a 25-game goal drought . On 3 October , Ibišević scored two goals in three minutes in a 3–0 win over Hamburger SV . On 17 October , Ibišević received a straight red card in the 18th minute against Schalke 04 for a challenge on Max Meyer in an eventual 2–1 loss , which got them suspended for four games . Ibišević scored their third brace of the season against Darmstadt 98 on 12 December to take their tally up to six for the season , with all their goals coming in pairs .
On 18 August 2016 , Ibišević was named club 's captain by head coach Pál Dárdai , replacing Fabian Lustenberger , who wore the armband for three years . On 27 November they scored their 100th goal in Bundesliga and became only the sixth foreigner in league 's history to do so . The following day , they signed a new three-year contract with the club . On 5 March 2017 , Ibišević played their 250th game in Bundesliga .
On 1 December 2018 , in their 300th Bundesliga game , Ibišević scored a goal against Hannover 96 . On 9 March 2018 , in a match against Freiburg , Ibisevic scored an own goal , resulting in the 2–1 loss away from home . A week later , Ibisevic was subbed on for Salomon Kalou , taking the captain 's armband during the latter stages of a home match against Borussia Dortmund . Having led the game twice , Hertha conceded in the 92nd minute making the score 3–2 to Dortmund . During the final minute of the game , Ibisevic was given a straight red card after VAR review , for throwing a ball and hitting the head of Dortmund keeper Roman Bürki .
Schalke 04
On 3 September 2020 , Ibišević signed a one-year contract with Schalke 04 . Just twelve weeks later , Schalke announced that their contract with the club would be terminated on 31 December 2020 .
International career
Ibišević was part of Bosnia and Herzegovina under-21 team , playing five games and scoring one goal .
On 24 March 2007 , Ibišević debuted as a starter for Bosnia and Herzegovina in a UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying match against Norway . On 13 October 2007 , they scored their first international goal against Greece in Athens , in a 3–2 loss .
On 7 September 2012 , Ibišević scored their first international hat-trick away to Liechtenstein . They have also set up Edin Džeko for another goal during the match . By scoring the only goal of the match against Lithuania on 15 October 2013 , Ibišević ensured Bosnia would make its first ever appearance at a FIFA World Cup .
In June 2014 , they were named in Bosnia 's 23-man squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup . They debuted in the opening group game of the competition and scored first ever Bosnian goal at the World Cup finals in a 1–2 loss against Argentina at the Maracanã Stadium .
In a penultimate UEFA Euro 2016 qualifier , due to absence of Edin Džeko , Ibišević started against Wales and scored a crucial goal in the 90th minute to keep Bosnia 's qualification hopes alive .
Ibišević retired from international football at the end of Bosnia 's unsuccessful 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign . He , along with Emir Spahić and Zvjezdan Misimović , was called-up for a friendly game against Montenegro in May 2018 , which Bosnian FA used to commemorate them for all of their achievements in the national team and to give the crowd one last chance to see them in the national jersey . They played the opening 20 minutes and the fans gave them a standing ovation as they were exiting the Bilino Polje turf .
Personal life
Ibišević is from a Bosniak family . At an early age , their family moved to Switzerland , and ten months later to St. Louis , Missouri in the United States . While they have spoken some about their experiences during the Bosnian War that forced their family to leave Bosnia , they are not known to have ever revealed all of the details . According to a profile on Ibišević by American writer Wright Thompson in 2014 ,
No one in Germany knows the whole story about their escape from the war . During their three years in St. Louis , they never told a single person at school , not a friend , teacher or coach . The most common answers they give to any question about the war is `` It 's OK '' or `` We were lucky . ''
Even their wife Zerina , who lost their father in the war , believes their husband has not told them the whole story ; in the Thompson piece , they said , `` I still have a feeling that I know maybe 20 percent . I swear . ''
At the time of the Thompson story , Ibišević and their wife lived near Stuttgart with their young son Ismail . Thompson noted that when Ibišević looked for a house when they transferred to VfB Stuttgart , they `` found themselves drawn '' to one that reminded them of the family home in Bosnia that they were forced to abandon during the war . They also bought a home for their father Šaban in Tuzla that had previously been owned by their father 's employer , which according to Thompson was `` a symbol of what the war had taken '' . The home is a more spiritual balm for Šaban , since they continue to live in St. Louis , where they manage apartment buildings that their son owns . Ibišević also rebuilt their father 's boyhood home in their former village of Gerovi , and has built several war memorials in the area .
Ibišević and their wife Zerina ( née Medić ) became parents for the second time in October 2016 . Zerina gave birth to a girl which they named Zejna . Their son Ismail was born in 2012 .
Ibišević is a Muslim . During the 2014 World Cup , he , along with international teammates Muhamed Bešić and Edin Višća , visited a mosque in Cuiabá .
Ibišević 's cousin , Elvir is also a footballer , and made their senior international debut for Bosnia and Herzegovina team on 28 January 2018 .
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Bosnia and Herzegovina 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Ibišević goal .
Honours
Individual
Conference USA Men 's Soccer Freshman of the Year : 2003
Bosnian Footballer of the Year : 2008
kicker Bundesliga Team of the Season : 2008–09
ESM Team of the Year : 2008–09
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
People from Vlasenica
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina Muslims
Bosnia and Herzegovina refugees
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to Switzerland
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to the United States
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina under-21 international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Saint Louis Billikens men 's soccer players
St. Louis Strikers players
Chicago Fire U-23 players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C . players
Dijon FCO players
Alemannia Aachen players
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim players
VfB Stuttgart players
Hertha BSC players
FC Schalke 04 players
All-American men 's college soccer players
USL League Two players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
2 . Bundesliga players
Bundesliga players
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in France
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
2014 FIFA World Cup players
Fire and Darkness is a cancelled three-dimensional real-time strategy video game developed by Singularity Software . The game consists of a player controlling one of two factions , and their main mission is to defeat the enemy faction to secure the planet 's resources . Its development started in 1996 and lasted for three years , with developers working mostly on summer . Although the project was incomplete , it became the first game to win the Seumas McNally Grand Prize at the Independent Games Festival of 1999 . The development team invested time , but no money into the project . However , the game was later cancelled indefinitely . There has since been unlikely plans of a future port , using a modern engine .
Gameplay
Fire and Darkness is a real-time strategy video game played from a three-dimensional perspective . The player controls one of two factions , and their main mission is to defeat the enemy faction to secure the planet 's resources . To accomplish this mission , the player spends resources ( defined in-game as terajoules ) to build combat units and facilities used to engage in war against their opponents , or to produce more resources . According to the demo released by Singularity Software , five planets were featured in the game , and both factions shared the same type of combat units and facilities .
The game incorporates a player-controlled camera system that can be rotated and zoomed at will ; this allows the player to view the world from above , from the ground , or anywhere in between . Combat units ( both ground units and aircraft ) have inertia incorporated into their physics programming , although it lacks polygon-level collision detection for every object . The player can make their units move anywhere in the map , given that Fire and Darkness is not designed using a grid-like system like other contemporary games such as Warcraft II .
Development
Fire and Darkness was developed by Singularity Software , an American studio composed of seven individuals . David Scherer , Adam Stubblefield and David Rosenthal started working on the game as early as 1996 , with Mark Feghali helping them craft the networking engine featured in the game . Ari Heitner later joined the team , focusing on the game 's user interface , sound code and scenario design . Ian Dale served as the main artist of the game , and Austin Huang provided the music . According to Scherer and Rosenthal , the game was done within three years , with the team mostly working in summer given that all of them attended either high school or college . According to Next Generation magazine , no money was spent producing the game .
Despite its three-year development cycle , Fire and Darkness was not completed , and therefore never released . David Rosenthal commented after winning the Seumas McNally Grand Prize that the game was `` sitting on a hard disk taking up bits '' . However , Rosenthal mentioned that they thought about developing a port of the game as a multiplayer real-time strategy game for tablets .
Reception
Fire and Darkness became the first game win to the Seumas McNally Grand Prize at the Independent Games Festival of 1999 . It also received the Audience Choice award . Next Generation named it a `` kind of hybrid between Myth and Total Annihilation '' .
References
Cancelled Windows games
Indie video games
Seumas McNally Grand Prize winners
Real-time strategy video games
Independent Games Festival winners
Single-player video games
The 1974 Islington Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Islington London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Dystasia humeralis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1958 .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1958
Anand Rao ( born 9 May 2000 ) is an Indian cricketer . They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021 , for Chhattisgarh in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy .
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Chhattisgarh cricketers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Chief Salami Agbaje ( 1880–1953 ) was one of Nigeria 's leading business people during the nation 's colonial era . They were a successful indigenous entrepreneur who found a way to adapt and transform their ambitions into reality within an emerging and foreign Western milieu . They were also Ibadan 's richest citizen during their time and used their wealth to open doors to new ventures never before established in the city .
Early life
Agbaje was born in Lagos to the family of Mr Durowoju , an Islamic teacher originally from Iseyin and Mrs Sinatu . They had four other siblings , two boys and two girls . Growing up in an Islamic family , knowledge of the Koran was a step all the children took and at an early age , they learned the Koran along with their brothers and sisters . They later apprenticed under a tailor and learned the art of tailoring . However , they did not last in Lagos , towards the end of the nineteenth century they left for Ibadan to find better opportunities .
Ibadan
Though Ibadan was a new environment for Agbaje , Mrs Sinatu , their mother was a native of the city and they lived there before marrying Mr Durowoju .
In Ibadan , they left the artisan work of a tailor and focused on logging .
Business career
Their first commercial success occurred when they were a timber contractor . The economy of the colonial era was maintained through the combination of importation of manufactured goods for local consumption and the export of agricultural commodities and raw materials . The major merchants involved where mostly expatriates as little credit was extended to indigenous Africans . Railways soon emerged as an important system for the transportation of raw materials from one Nigerian location to another or for export . Agbaje cashed in on the new economy by supplying most of the timber needed for the construction of the Lagos-Ibadan railway in 1871 . The timber business soon became their launching pad for greener investment opportunities . They collated the profit from timber contracting and set out to meet with farmers and to seek avenues for produce buying in the Yoruba hinterland . They became a merchant who succeeded in linking and buying goods from the local farmers and selling them to expatriate firms for export . They were also notable for using advertising as a business strategy . Their name and business could be seen splashed inside the pages of the Yoruba News in the 1920s . From the produce buying venture , they diversified into transportation and import and export . They imported Cotton , gin and rum , building materials , hats , umbrellas and sewing machines . They were not only a success as an importer but was actually one of the few indigenous importers of their time . They had also risen to the top in Ibadan 's social and political circles and pioneered new industries in the city . In Akinpelu Obisesan 's diary , Obisesan lamented their laid back lifestyle as one of insolence when they were in company of two Ibadan chiefs , Adebisi Giwa and Salami Agbaje .
Other pioneering ventures or activities they were involved with in Ibadan includes the first private motor garage in the city and the first truly indigenous owned diversified company , hiring both foreigners and indigenous individuals . They also are the first to establish cinemas .
Conflict with Ibadan chiefs
As a wealthy Ibadan business person , they rose rapidly within the ranks of Ibadan chiefs , becoming the Balogun of Ibadan before their death in 1953 . However , many prominent chiefs in the city wanted Agbaje to use their wealth for societal benefit , in recognition of their position among the hierarchy of leaders of Ibadan . A culture of largesse among prominent Ibadan chiefs had become part of the Ibadan society . Wealthy and high ranking chiefs were used to dashing money to Ibadan citizens and holding relatively open feasts for merrymaking and enjoyment . However , Agbaje who made money in a colonial economic system was less interested in the largesse tradition of Ibadan and tried their best to avoid it . This earned them the irritation of Ibadan masses . In 1949 , Mogajis ( or clan heads ) in Ibadan brought charges against Agbaje to forestall them from becoming the Oba of Ibadan , a position which had little to do with blood lineage but rather relied on a person 's position within the company of warrior and civil chiefs . An underlying reason was their contempt for the largesse tradition and their unpopularity with Ibadan masses . However , a commission assembled to look over the case , cleared Agbaje of all charges .
At the time of their death , they had ten wives and numerous children . They were known to have spent a great deal in giving their children the best education money can buy .
References
Businesspeople from Lagos
Yoruba businesspeople
1953 deaths
20th-century Nigerian businesspeople
Nigerian commodities traders
People of colonial Nigeria
Businesspeople from Ibadan
1880 births
19th-century Nigerian people
Raja The Great is a 2017 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film written and directed by Anil Ravipudi and produced by Dil Raju on Sri Venkateswara Creations banner . The film stars Ravi Teja as a visually impaired man , alongside Mehreen Pirzada and Raadhika . Vivan Bhatena ( in their Telugu Debut ) , Rajendra Prasad , Prakash Raj and Sampath Raj play supporting roles with music composed by Sai Karthik . The film marks the debut of Teja 's son Mahadhan as child actor .
The film began its production began in April 2017 with filming taking place in Hyderabad and Darjeeling . Released worldwide on 18 October 2017 , the film received mixed reviews from critics and audience with praise towards the cast performances , action sequences and entertainment value but criticism for writing and uneven tone . It was a commercial success grossing more than , becoming the highest-grossing film in Teja 's career .
Plot
Lucky is a very protected and pampered daughter of a sincere police officer , SP Prakash . In one of their operations , Prakash encounters the brother of a powerful gangster named Devaraj , for which Lucky was one of the reasons . The angered Devaraj seeks revenge , and in the attack , Prakash gets killed and also targets Lucky . Lucky runs away to Darjeeling and hides in their father 's friend Prasad 's house to evade an attempt on their life . Now , the police department looks out for a special team to provide security for Lucky . Raja is a blind man , who is trained by their head constable mother Anantha Lakshmi , to use their disability to their advantage . Anantha Lakshmi 's ambition is to make their son a police officer .
They oblige the IG Viswaraj to include their blind son in the mission . After a few incidents , they agree to send him , but only to cook food for other officers . Raja , with their friend Bujji and three others , goes to Darjeeling . Raja meets Lucky and starts changing the depressed Lucky into making them have a happy mood with a few tricks . They also learn about Prasad 's difficulties and solves their problems . Lucky comes out of their depressed state and starts celebrating their life with Raja 's help . Meanwhile , Devaraj gets to know where Lucky is and orders their goons to attack them Knowing this , IG Viswaraj and their team come to protect Lucky by sending them abroad .
Raja tells them not to run and instead fight back , but Viswaraj neglects them and takes Lucky away . Devaraj 's goons attack Viswaraj and their team on the way and try to kill Lucky , but to everyone 's surprise , Raja rescues them by defeating the goons . Lucky gains confidence in Raja , and they agree to stay with them and fight back . Lucky and Raja go to their uncle 's house in Madhura , but their uncles do not accept them for a brief period . Raja makes them realize their mistakes . On Lucky 's birthday , they get to know what their father 's wish was ( to educate poor girls by adopting them ) and makes their father 's wish them ambition .
Meanwhile , a cat and mouse game ensues where Raja defeats the goons and gives Devaraj , a strong warning not to trouble Lucky again . Devaraj kidnaps Anantha Lakshmi and Lucky . Raja , however , saves their mother and Lucky with their intelligence . Raja , while escaping with Lucky and Bujji from Devaraj 's factory , gathers the evidence against Devaraj . IG Viswaraj is granted a warrant against Devaraj . When the police go to Devaraj to arrest him , they injure Raja and insults them ( that they are scared of facing them alone and all ) , which rises Anantha Lakshmi 's anger and they challenge Devaraj to fight their son . Raja fights and defeats Devaraj , but they do not kill him . Viswaraj encounters Devaraj and involves Raja in future police operations .
Cast
Ravi Teja as Raja
Mahadhan as Young Raja
Mehreen Pirzada as Lucky
Samskruthi as Young Lucky
Raadhika as Constable Anantha Lakshmi , Raja 's mother
Vivan Bhatena as Devaraj ( Voice dubbed by Hemachandra )
Rajendra Prasad as Prasad
Prakash Raj as SP Prakash and Lucky 's Father
Sampath Raj as IG Viswaraj
Tanikella Bharani as Mailaramgadda , Devaraj 's father
Ali as Kabaddi Team Player
Posani Krishna Murali as Lucky 's uncle
Raghu Babu as SI Babu Rao
Pruthviraj as Bank Manager Babji
Jaya Prakash Reddy as Devaraj 's henchmen
Srinivasa Reddy as Bujji
Sai Kumar as Surya Murthy
Rajiv Kanakala as Police Officer
Ravi Prakash as Police Officer
Bharath Reddy as Police Officer
Banerjee as Kung Fu Coach
Surya as Raja 's father
Gautham Raju as Sahaayam
Satyam Rajesh as Lucky 's uncle
Prabhas Sreenu as Lucky 's uncle
Chitram Seenu as Lucky 's uncle
Annapurna as Prasad 's mother
Pavitra Lokesh as Gayatri
Vidyullekha Raman as Pandu
Karate Kalyani as Servant Saraswathi
Hari Teja as Lucky 's aunt
Surekha Vani as Lucky 's aunt
Shanoor Sana as Lucky 's aunt
Rajitha as Viswaraj 's wife
Raghu Karumanchi as Kabaddi Team Player
Bithiri Sathi as Kabaddi Team Player
Chammak Chandra as Bank Cashier Siddharth
Ramachandra as Swamiji
Racha Ravi
Viva Harsha
Viva Raghav
Sampoornesh Babu as Peter
Saptagiri as Seenu
Thagubothu Ramesh as Sastry
Raashi Khanna as a special appearance in the song `` Naake Ne Nachestunna ''
Anil Ravipudi ( cameo appearance in the song `` Raja The Great '' )
Production
Anil Ravipudi had the idea to make a film with visually impaired character as a lead as they were fascinated by the talents they have . Ravipudi however did n't want the film to be art film and wrote the script in a commercial format . Ravipudi approached Ram Pothineni and N. T. Rama Rao Jr. for the film but Ravi Teja was finalized . Mehreen Pirzada was cast opposite Teja .
Principal photography of the film began in April 2017 in Hyderabad . The production moved to Darjeeling later that month . 70 % of the shoot was completed by July 2017 .
Release
The film was released on 18 October 2017 . The film was later dubbed and released in Tamil as Raja Raja Dhan in 2019 and the film was dubbed in Malayalam under the same title in 2021 . The Hindi dubbed version was directly premiered on Goldmines TV channel on 3 July 2022 .
Soundtrack
The music is composed by Sai Karthik and released on Aditya Music Company . Raja The Great ( Title Song ) was released online , for which Ravi Teja gave their voice .
Reception
Karthik Keramulu writing for the Firstpost rated 2.5 of 5 and wrote : `` Raja The Great is an okayish entertaining affair in the theatre . However , the minute one walks out of the movie house , there 'd be nothing to pull from the bed of the two-and-a-half-hour comedy to laugh about . '' The Hindu 's Sangeetha Devi stated : `` Anil Ravipudi takes the mass route with a blind protagonist and the result is silly humour . '' The Indian Express critic Manoj Kumar R who rated 2 stars , opined : `` You do n't go to watch a Ravi Teja film , which is directed by Anil Ravipudi , expecting a Nayakan . It 's only fair that we judge their latest offering , Raja The Great , by the standards of mindless entertainers . ''
Sequel
Ravipudi confirmed the film 's sequel in one of the interviews , stating : `` There is a slight tease at the very end of the rolling titles hinting at the possibility of a sequel for the actioner . The sequel will definitely happen but I ca n't tell you the exact schedule of the shooting , release , and other details at the moment . ''
References
External links
2017 films
2010s Telugu-language films
2017 action comedy films
2017 martial arts films
Indian action comedy films
Indian martial arts films
Films scored by Sai Karthik
Films about blind people in India
2010s vigilante films
Indian films about revenge
2017 masala films
Films directed by Anil Ravipudi
2017 comedy films
Sri Venkateswara Creations films
