Augusto Bernardino Leguía y Salcedo ( February 19 , 1863 – February 6 , 1932 ) was a Peruvian politician who served as President of Peru from 1908 to 1912 and from 1919 to 1930 , the latter term known as El Oncenio de Leguía ( Leguía 's Eleven-Year Rule ) in Peru 's republican history .
Early life
Augusto Leguía was born in Lambayeque in 1863 , and later married into one of the most distinguished families of the Peruvian oligarchy . Educated in Valparaíso , Chile , they served in the Peruvian Army during the War of the Pacific ( 1879–1881 ) .
After the war they moved to the United States and became an insurance executive with the New York Life Insurance Company . By the 1900s , Leguía had become very wealthy and decided to return to Peru . They entered politics in 1903 at the urging of Manuel Candamo ( the then-leader of the Civilista Party ) and also of José Pardo , who was Prime Minister . Leguía took the position of Minister of Finance , a post they would retain until 1904 , when the former Prime Minister José Pardo became president . Pardo offered the position of Prime Minister to Leguía , who accepted and remained so until 1907 , when they resigned to run for the presidency the following year .
First presidential term
In 1908 they succeeded José Pardo ( a succession event that would occur again in 1919 ) after being elected president for the first time by an alliance of the Civil and Constitutional parties . Some of Leguía 's first actions were to institute social and economic reforms in an attempt to industrialize Peru and turn it into a modern capitalist society .
On May 29 , 1909 , a group of citizens ( supporters of Piérola 's Democratic Party ) managed to force their entry into the Palacio de Gobierno demanding the resignation of Leguía . Among the group were the brother and sons of Piérola ; Carlos de Piérola , Isaías de Piérola and Amadeo de Piérola . Since Leguía did not resign as planned , they kidnapped them and took them in front of the Bolivar Monument ( located in Plaza inquisicion in Lima ) . Once there , Leguía did not acquiesce to their demands , and the police had to forcibly rescue the president in the midst of a fight that caused at least 100 deaths .
During this period the country was also confronting boundary disputes with five of its neighbors . Leguía succeeded in reaching agreements with two of them , Bolivia and Brazil .
The Boundary with Brazil was settled with the signing of the Treaty of Velarde-Río Branco . This provided that two rivers ( Yaravi and Yaverija ) would compose most of the border for both countries .
With Bolivia , The Treaty of Polo-Bustamante determined the partition of the Lake Titicaca and provided a much more accurate definition of the Peruvian-Bolivian border . This treaty also delimited the borders with Tacna ( which was until then in Chilean control ) .
When Leguía 's term ended in 1912 , they were succeeded by Guillermo Billinghurst , a millionaire business person who had been the former mayor of Lima . During the following years , Leguía travelled in the United Kingdom and the United States , where they learned methods of banking and finance that they would later apply in Peru . During this time , Leguia was already in conflict with the Civilista Party and left its organization .
Second presidential term
In 1919 , they again sought the presidency of Peru by trying to succeed José Pardo . Fearing that the former president 's government along with the Civilist Parliament would not recognise their victory , they launched a successful military coup , which led Leguía to succeed Pardo as an interim president . They then proceeded to dissolve Congress and the new parliament elected them constitutional president of Peru .
Leguía changed the Peruvian constitution ( which had the longest continuance since 1860 ) , and promulgated a new one in 1920 , which was more liberal than its predecessor and provided more civil guarantees and unlimited reelections . Nevertheless , having themselves promulgated the constitution , Augusto B. Leguía almost completely ignored it .
The years of their tenure were marked with a dictatorial style of ruling by suppressing all opposition harshly .
Although they represented the Peruvian oligarchy , the oligarchs revolted against them when they came to power , and it was their loyal supporters who installed him . Therefore they broke ties with the oligarchy , who protested their coup .
Various political opponents of their government were exiled , of which the most prominent was Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre , who while in exile in Mexico founded the American Popular Revolutionary Alliance ( APRA ) in 1924 . It became one of modern Peru 's most active and controversial political parties . Another important political figure that would emerge during this era was José Carlos Mariátegui , leader of the Communist Party of Peru .
Among the positive initiatives that occurred during Leguía 's second term was a program to modernize Lima by planning and starting public works through various loans . These included improving the health-care system by founding hospitals and building drainage systems around the cities . Peru 's Government Palace ( `` Palacio de Gobierno '' ) was also remodeled in 1926 . Banks such as the Banco Central de Reserva del Perú and Banco Hipotecario of Peru were also created during their second presidency .
Treaties of limits with Colombia and Chile were also signed :
The boundary with Colombia was settled with the secession of all the lands between the Putumayo and Caquetá rivers . This was officially solved with the signing of the Treaty of Salomón-Lozano in 1922 . ( However , the treaty was published after the overthrow of Leguía in 1930 . )
The Tacna–Arica compromise was also signed with Chile , which unfortunately led to economic depression in later years . Leguía was bitterly criticized for accepting the compromise .
Overthrow
The Great Depression had drained foreign investment in Peru and after eleven years in power , Leguía 's government was overthrown . The coup , on August 22 , 1930 , was led by Luis Miguel Sánchez Cerro in Arequipa . Leguía was arrested and charged with misappropriating government funds . They remained in confinement in the Panóptico of Lima , and died at a naval hospital on February 6 , 1932 .
Reception
Augusto B. Leguía is depicted as a tyrant in the 1937 novel Pity the Tyrant by American novelist Hans Otto Storm . American travel writer Richard Halliburton met Leguía during their Latin American travels chronicled in New World to Conquer . They describe Leguía as a charming and self-effacing `` man of the people '' who gives a humorous account of the 1908 coup attempt .
Notes
External links
1863 births
1932 deaths
Peruvian people of Spanish descent
Presidents of Peru
Peruvian people of Basque descent
Leaders ousted by a coup
Prime Ministers of Peru
Peruvian Ministers of Economy and Finance
Civilista Party politicians
Recipients of the Order of the White Eagle ( Poland )
Levi Twiggs ( 21 May 1793 – 13 September 1847 ) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the War of 1812 , the Seminole Wars , and the Mexican–American War .
Biography
Born in Richmond County , Georgia , Twiggs was commissioned a second lieutenant on 10 November 1813 . During the War of 1812 , they saw action on board President and was captured when that frigate was taken by a squadron of four British warships . After being imprisoned at Bermuda , they were freed when word of the Treaty of Ghent reached that island . Over two decades later , they took part in the Seminole Wars in Florida and Georgia in 1836 and 1837 , and achieved the rank of major in November 1840 . When the war with Mexico opened , Major Twiggs requested an active part in the fighting and was attached to the Marine Battalion which left New York in June 1847 . They fell to enemy fire as they led a storming party in the assault on Chapultepec before Mexico City on 13 September 1847 and was interred at Laurel Hill Cemetery in Philadelphia .
Namesake
Two ships , USS Twiggs , were named for him .
See also
References
1793 births
1847 deaths
United States Marine Corps officers
War of 1812 prisoners of war held by the United Kingdom
People from Richmond County , Georgia
Deaths by firearm in Mexico
American military personnel of the War of 1812
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
American military personnel killed in the Mexican–American War
Burials at Laurel Hill Cemetery ( Philadelphia )
Amauta ( meaning `` master '' or `` wise one '' in Quechua ) was a title for teachers in the Inca empire , especially of children of the nobility .
According to Fray Martin de Murua , a missionary in Peru , education in the Inca empire was instituted in schools called Yachaywasi or `` Houses of Knowledge '' in Cuzco . Students were children of the Inca nobility , the future rulers . The subjects were the moral standards , religion , government tenets , statistics , math , science , `` Runa-Simi '' language variety of Cuzco , Khipu interpretation , art , music construction , history , agronomy , architecture , medicine , philosophy and cosmological ideas of the earth and the universe , among other subjects .
The original Yachaywasi was constructed and inaugurated by Inca Roca . More schools like this were built as the empire grew , and were the centers of teaching the primary ideologies , histories and philosophies of the empire . The amautas maintained this knowledge through an oral tradition and passed it on to future generations .
The word is still used in modern Perú , communist José Carlos Mariategui ran a magazine named `` Amauta '' .
See also
Amauta Project , sponsored by the Departamento de Ciencia y Tecnología of the OEA ( in Spanish )
Amautas , la aventura del conocimiento
References
( in Spanish )
Amaruk Kayshapanta . El segreto de los Amawtas . Ediciones Carena . ( in Spanish )
Inca society
Peruvian culture
Windham Region Transit District , or WRTD , is a bus operator for Windham County , with NECTD , SEAT , UConn Transportation Services in neighboring towns . Prior to August 2019 , The company operated 4 routes in total , connecting with a small handful of other operators , such as UConn Transportation Services in Mansfield , SEAT in Norwich , and NECTD in Brooklyn , Connecticut . Because of the small collection of routes , they have approximately 10 fixed route buses , with some Paratransit vehicles . Beginning August 14 , 2017 , WRTD provided connections to CTtransit in Mansfield Storrs with the 913 Express route to Hartford , Connecticut . WRTD also provides Dial-A-Ride within their nine-town district ( Ashford , Chaplin , Columbia , Coventry , Lebanon , Mansfield , Scotland , Willington and Windham . ADA Paratransit is provided for areas within 3/4 mile of WRTD 's Local Routes .
Old routes ( Through August 18 , 2019 )
New routes ( Effective August 19 , 2019 )
To improve usefulness and better suit riders , the existing routes were reconfigured and renumbered . This renumbering is part of a campaign to implement a statewide bus route number system .
Fares
See also
Connecticut Transit Hartford
SEAT
UConn Storrs
Northeastern Connecticut Transit District
References
Notes
External links
Bus transportation in Connecticut
Transportation in Windham County , Connecticut
Transit agencies in Connecticut
Allegany ( Cattaraugus County )
Cattaraugus ( Erie County , Cattaraugus County , Chautauqua County )
Cayuga Nation of New York ( Seneca County )
Oil Springs ( Cattaraugus County , Allegany County )
Oneida Indian Nation ( Madison County )
Onondaga ( Onondaga County )
Poospatuck ( Suffolk County )
St. Regis Mohawk ( Franklin County )
Shinnecock ( Suffolk County )
Tonawanda ( Genesee County , Erie County , Niagara County )
Tuscarora ( Niagara County )
Lists of populated places in New York ( state )
New York ( state ) -related lists
Reservations in New York ( state )
Atuabo is a town in the Western Region of Ghana noted for the situation of the Ghana Gas Company 's Atuabo Gas Plant and the proposed Atuabo Freeport
References
Populated places in the Western Region ( Ghana )
The governor of Davao de Oro is the local chief executive of the Philippine province of Davao de Oro .
Davao de Oro , originally named Compostela Valley , was carved out of Davao del Norte in 1998 . Davao del Norte 's governor , Rommel Amatong , chose to be the new province 's governor after voters approved its creation via a plebiscite . They then resigned a day after they assumed office , in order to run as representative . Luz Sarmiento , the wife of Davao del Norte representative Lorenzo Sarmiento , was appointed as governor until the first elections were held later that year . Jose Caballero was the first person to be elected as governor in 1998 .
After being term limited in 2007 , Arturo Uy was then elected . After they were term limited themselves in 2016 , their son , Jayvee Uy , was elected . In 2019 , Compostela Valley was renamed into `` Davao de Oro '' after another plebiscite .
References
1998 establishments in the Philippines
Governors of provinces of the Philippines
Egzi Gebre-Gebre ( born 22 June 1949 ) is an Ethiopian sprinter . They competed in the men 's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Ethiopian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Ethiopia
Place of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century Ethiopian people
21st-century Ethiopian people
The Tunisia national football team manager was first established in 1956 following the appointment of the country 's first national team manager Rachid Turki .
Thirty-six men have occupied the post since its inception ; three of those were in short-term caretaker manager roles : Faouzi Benzarti in two terms ( one game in charge in 1994 and four games in 2010 ) , Sami Trabelsi ( six games in 2011 until they were appointed full-time ) and Ruud Krol ( two games ) .
Roger Lemerre held the position for the longest to date with a tenure of six years leading the team in 67 matches , more than any other manager in Tunisia 's history . They are also the most successful manager after winning the 2004 Africa Cup of Nations , reaching 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup and qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup . Yugoslav coach Milan Kristić became the first foreign manager of the team in 1960 .
France has the largest number of managers to have coached Tunisia , with six managers .
Position
Role
The Tunisia manager 's role means they have sole responsibility for all on-the-field elements of the Tunisian team . Among other activities , this includes selecting the national team squad , the starting team , captain , tactics , substitutes and penalty-takers .
The coach has a relative freedom to choose their staff as some of the coaches refused to coach the Tunisian national team due to the Tunisian Football Federation 's refusal to appoint foreign assistant coaches . This was the case with Jacques Santini in 2008 and Raymond Domenech . However , the Tunisian Football Federation agreed to Henryk Kasperczak 's proposal in 2015 to appoint Frenchman Patrick Hesse to the team .
Appointment
The process of appointing a new Tunisia manager is undertaken by a FTF committee , which is composed of board members and other high-ranking FTF officials .
List
As of 22 September 2022 after match against .
Statistics
Coaches by nationality
References
Tunisia
Charles Francis Felix McGrath ( born March 13 , 1963 ) is an American retired World Cup alpine ski racer who competed in the Winter Olympics in 1988 ,
and three World Championships .
Career
McGrath raced for the United States Ski Team on the World Cup circuit from 1984 through 1990 , and had one podium finish in slalom , runner-up to Alberto Tomba at Åre in 1988 . They finished that season third in slalom and fifteenth overall .
As of 1987 , they were the top U.S. ski racer , but was ranked 57th in the world . The Los Angeles Times wrote of their criticism for the lack of competency among the coaches , who were `` putting exaggerated pressure on the racers . '' They felt that the coaches were not attuned to the steps required to develop relatively inexperienced skiers and were not cognizant of the personal training regimes of individual team members . At the World Championships in 1987 , McGrath was tenth in the slalom .
McGrath was national champion five times . They became a ski instructor and coach at Waterville Valley in New Hampshire , and later for the ski team at the University of Vermont in Burlington . Ultimately , they became the head coach of the Norwegian women 's alpine team . They were named to Sports Illustrated 's 50 Greatest Sports Figures from Vermont in 1999 .
While a World Cup racer , McGrath made a commercial for Alka-Seltzer Plus , which was shown during the Super Bowl in January 1988 .
World Cup results
Season standings
Points were only awarded for top fifteen finishes ( see scoring system ) .
Race podiums
1 podium – ( 1 SL ) , 5 top fives
World Championship results
Olympic results
Personal life
Born in Princeton , New Jersey , McGrath grew up in Norwich , Vermont , where their father Bob ( 1935–2019 ) was a longtime art history professor at nearby Dartmouth College . McGrath married a Norwegian , Selma Lie , a cross-country ski racer for the University of Vermont ; their son Atle Lie McGrath ( b.2000 ) is a World Cup alpine racer for the Norwegian ski team .
Video
YouTube – Alka-Seltzer Plus commercial ( 1987 )
References
External links
Felix McGrath World Cup standings at the International Ski Federation
sports-reference.com
1963 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
People from Princeton , New Jersey
Sportspeople from Vermont
John Ziegler ( born March 28 , 1967 ) is a former radio program host , documentary film writer/director , and conservative journalist .
Ziegler 's most prominent work in radio has been as the evening ( 7-10 PM ) host of a radio talk show called The John Ziegler Show on KFI AM 640 in Los Angeles , California , from January 12 , 2004 , until November 13 , 2007 . Talkers Magazine listed John Ziegler as number 54 on their `` Heavy Hundred '' list of the most important U.S. radio talk show hosts in 2007 .
They co-hosted , with Leah Brandon , a Sunday evening radio program , the John and Leah Show , which was nationally syndicated and in 2016 , was considered the 99th most influential talk shows by Talkers Magazine , and a staff columnist for Mediaite . They make appearances on television cable news as a conservative pundit .
Early life and education
Ziegler was born in a U.S. Army post in Heidelberg , Germany , and grew up as the eldest son of a financial manager in the small village of Washington Crossing , Bucks County , Pennsylvania . They were a standout golfer in high school , being named High School Golfer of the Year by the Bucks County Courier Times . In 1985 , Ziegler graduated from the Catholic Holy Ghost Preparatory School located in Bensalem , Pennsylvania . They then attended Georgetown University , graduating in 1989 with a degree in Government and a minor in Theology and Philosophy . While attending Georgetown , they lettered in golf for three years .
Concerning their family 's religious background , Ziegler has stated that they `` grew up in an incredibly , very strict Roman Catholic family on both sides , my mother and my father 's side . I 've got numerous aunts who 've been in the convent . I went to Catholic high school , Catholic college , as did almost all of my relatives , so , I mean , I 'm very steeped in Catholicism '' . Ziegler is , however , an agnostic , referring to themselves as a `` recovering Catholic '' .
Career
After graduating from college , Ziegler became a sportscaster , moving their way up to a full-time position at WTOV in Ohio . They left the position to write a book about high school football in Steubenville , Ohio , called Dynasty of the Crossroads . After the book , they took a position as a sportscaster at WRAZ in Raleigh , North Carolina , but was fired in 1995 after making what they describe as an `` incredibly tame '' joke about their belief that O. J. Simpson was guilty .
They then began a career in talk radio , working at various stations before ending up at WWTN in Nashville , Tennessee , where they were fired after having said the word `` nigger '' on the air . Ziegler has explained this event as them referencing what the boxer Mike Tyson said at a press conference , where Tyson referred to themselves using that word . They then began writing columns for The Philadelphia Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News and co-hosted a talk show on Comcast 's CN8 Television Network , which later resulted in theirs winning a regional Emmy .
In 2002 , wanting to return to radio , Ziegler was hired by Louisville , Kentucky , radio station WHAS . Once again , their tenure did not last long , as during a Ask John Anything segment , they discussed Darcie Divita , a former LA Lakers cheerleader and WDRB morning television host with whom Ziegler had a relationship until Divita broke up with him .
In 2003 , while still employed by WHAS , they joined forces with Louisville Democrat and current 3rd district Congressional Representative John Yarmuth to debate political issues on the weekly WAVE program Yarmuth & Ziegler , with Yarmuth taking the progressive side and Ziegler the conservative side . This gig lasted through November of that year . In 2006 , Ziegler supported the Yarmuth election campaign for Kentucky 's 3rd congressional district , both financially and as a political adviser . Yarmuth won the election to Congress , defeating their incumbent Republican opponent Anne Northup .
On January 12 , 2004 , Ziegler began work at KFI as a late evening host . As both WHAS and KFI are owned by Clear Channel , this placed them in the unusual situation of having been fired and re-hired by the same company within a short time frame . They moved to the 7-10 p.m. slot on February 21 , 2005 . In November 2007 , they left KFI .
The John Ziegler Show
KFI AM 640
John Ziegler was the evening ( 7-10 PM ) host of a radio talk show called The John Ziegler Show on KFI AM 640 in Los Angeles , California from January 12 , 2004 until November 13 , 2007 .
The program was mostly news-based political commentary , but it also brought up other issues such as events happening in Ziegler 's personal life . The John Ziegler Show was advertised as Getting it Right at Night and a common catchphrase that Ziegler used to describe the show was `` three hours of rationality in a world of ever increasing insanity '' .
Ziegler was suspended for two days in 2006 following an on-air confrontation with John Kobylt of KFI 's John and Ken Show . On November 13 , 2007 , the day after they announced their departure from KFI , Ziegler broadcast their last show . They told a reporter that the decision was due to mental and physical exhaustion , and to their work on a documentary .
KGIL 1260 AM
In June 2009 , Ziegler began a show on Los Angeles news/talk radio station KGIL 1260 AM , which ran from 11 AM until 1 PM . weekdays .
Nationally syndicated program
Beginning November 2 , 2014 , Ziegler rejoined Brandon to host the John and Leah Show on KHTS in Santa Clarita , California . In March 2015 , the program became nationally syndicated through Envision Networks , with 24 stations nationwide doing business under the name Free Speech Broadcasting Network . The program moved its home base to KRLA in Los Angeles in August 2015 . John and Leah was named as one of the 100 most influential radio talk shows in the United States by Talkers Magazine in 2016 , coming in at # 99 . Leah Brandon left the show in November 2016 .
Documentaries
After leaving their talk show on KFI AM 640 , Ziegler was involved in two documentary film projects . In August 2008 , John Ziegler and producer David Bossie of Citizens United premiered a documentary co-produced , written and directed by Ziegler entitled Blocking The Path to 9/11 , which revisits the political controversy about the ABC docudrama miniseries The Path to 9/11 . Through interviews with the Path to 9/11 filmmakers and others , news clips about the controversy , and footage from the miniseries , the documentary makes the claim that Disney/ABC ultimately shelved plans to release a DVD of the miniseries as a result of pressure from the political left , specifically the Clintons . As noted in the documentary , Disney/ABC denies this and claims the move was merely a business decision . But commission member Richard Ben-Veniste said that the miniseries misrepresented facts presented in the 9/11 Commission report . Two FBI agents also criticized the film 's accuracy . Thomas E. Nicoletti was hired by the filmmakers as a consultant , but quit , saying `` There were so many inaccuracies ... I 'm well aware of what 's dramatic license and what 's historical inaccuracy , '' Nicoletti said . `` And this had a lot of historical inaccuracy . ' ''
Shortly after the 2008 U.S. presidential election , Ziegler announced that a documentary titled Media Malpractice : How Obama Got Elected was in production ( the full title was later changed to Media Malpractice : How Obama Got Elected And Palin Was Targeted ) . The film claims that a liberal bias in the media was responsible for Barack Obama being elected president . The film was originally released live on the Today Show on February 23 , 2009 .
Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal documentary
Ziegler released a 32-minute `` mini-documentary '' on the Penn State child sex abuse scandal , criticizing media accounts that Joe Paterno was aware of Jerry Sandusky 's abuse of children . The documentary interviews former Penn State players Franco Harris and Christian Marrone , as well as Sandusky 's attorney Joe Amendola and Penn State trustee Anthony Lubrano . They argue that Paterno was not fully informed of Mike McQueary 's allegations and thus could not have `` covered up '' the abuse .
Ziegler interviewed Sandusky from prison and debuted some of that interview live on the Today Show on March 25 , 2013 . Ziegler steadfastly maintains that Sandusky was a `` chaste pedophile '' and committed no sexual acts with their victims . Ziegler , who initially said they believed Sandusky was guilty of the crimes they were accused of , now believes that Sandusky is innocent . Ziegler 's prison interview with Sandusky came under fire by the Paterno family . Paterno family attorney Wick Sollers released a statement , describing it as `` transparently self-serving and yet another insult to the victims and anyone who cares about the truth in this tragic story ''
Mediaite column
Ziegler has been a columnist at Mediaite since 2016 . Their contributions to the site have often been critical of President Donald Trump as well as Trump 's progressive opponents .
Personal life
They are married to Alison Kallik ; they have two daughters .
References
External links
John Ziegler 's official website
1967 births
Living people
Mass media people from Heidelberg
People from Bucks County , Pennsylvania
Filmmakers from Pennsylvania
American male journalists
American talk radio hosts
American documentary filmmakers
Conservatism in the United States
Pennsylvania political journalists
American agnostics
Former Roman Catholics
Georgetown University alumni
20th-century American journalists
21st-century American journalists
The Former Residence of Lu Xun in Shanghai ( ) located at 9 Continental Terrace , Lane 132 , Shanyin Road , Hongkou District , Shanghai , China , is the former residence of Lu Xun ( 1881–1936 ) , a noted Chinese writer . Lu lived in the house from 1933 to their death in 1936 .
History
Lu settled in Shanghai in October 1927 . Lu first lived in a house at 23 Jingyunli ( ) , on Donghengbin Road , Hongkou District . They then moved to Room 2093 of the Beichuan Apartments ( , formerly known as the Ramous Apartments ) on North Sichuan Road . They moved the rented house at 9 Continental Terrace on April 11 , 1933 . In Shanghai , they published a nine essay collection and a short story collection called Old Tales Retold ( ) , and co-founded the League of Left-Wing Writers in 1930 at the Chinese Arts University on nearby Duolun Road . They translated and edited foreign works as well . Lu died in their bed on October 19 , 1936 , aged 55 . The house was opened as a museum to the public in January 1950 . It has been listed as a Protected Historical and Cultural Site of Shanghai ( ) since 1977 .
Layout and nearby
The three-story building was constructed using red brick and tiles . It covers an area of 78 m2 and has a floor space of 222.72 m2 . The first floor is divided into a reception room and a dining room , with the front door facing south . Lu 's bedroom and study are located on the second floor . Most of their furniture is still placed as in their day . On a bedroom table is a clock that reads 5.25 am , the exact time of their death ; their son occupied the third floor .
In proximity to the house are numerous other attractions dedicated to Lu Xun . These include a monument , a Memorial Hall , a park renamed in their honor , as well as their tomb .
See also
Beijing Lu Xun Museum
Lu Xun Native Place
Duolun Road
References
Museums in Shanghai
Historic house museums in China
Biographical museums in China
Hongkou District
Houses completed in 1931
1931 establishments in China
Lu Xun
Mirian II ( ) or Mirvan ( მირვანი ) ( BC ) was a king of Iberia ( Kartli , eastern Georgia ) from 30 to 20 BC . Their reign marked the reinstatement of the Nimrodid Dynasty , a continuation of the P'arnabazids .
Mirian is known solely from the early medieval Georgian chronicles according to which they were the son of king P'arnajom murdered by their son-in-law , the Armenian Artaxiad prince Artaxias I of Iberia who usurped the crown of Iberia . Mirian was carried to Parthia , there to be brought up at the court . They returned with a Parthian army , killed Arshak 's reigning grandson Bartom in battle and became king . They were succeeded by their son , Arshak II .
References
90s BC births
20 BC deaths
Pharnavazid kings of Iberia
1st-century BC rulers in Asia
People from the Parthian Empire
Sex hormone-binding globulin ( SHBG ) or sex steroid-binding globulin ( SSBG ) is a glycoprotein that binds to androgens and estrogens . When produced by the Sertoli cells in the seminiferous tubules of the testis , it has also been called androgen-binding protein ( ABP ) .
Other steroid hormones such as progesterone , cortisol , and other corticosteroids are bound by transcortin . SHBG is found in all vertebrates apart from birds .
Function
Testosterone and estradiol circulate in the bloodstream , loosely bound mostly to serum albumin ( ~54 % ) , and to a lesser extent bound tightly to SHBG ( ~44 % ) . Only a very small fraction of about 1 to 2 % is unbound , or `` free , '' and thus biologically active and able to enter a cell and activate its receptor . SHBG inhibits the function of these hormones . Thus , the local bioavailability of sex hormones is influenced by the level of SHBG . Because ABP binds to testosterone ( T ) and dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) , these hormones are made less lipophilic and become concentrated within the luminal fluid of the seminiferous tubules . The higher levels of these hormones enable spermatogenesis in the seminiferous tubules and sperm maturation in the epididymis . ABP 's production is regulated under the influence of FSH on Sertoli cells , enhanced by insulin , retinol , and testosterone .
The relative binding affinity of various sex steroids for SHBG is dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) > testosterone > androstenediol > estradiol > estrone . DHT binds to SHBG with about 5 times the affinity of testosterone and about 20 times the affinity of estradiol . Dehydroepiandrosterone ( DHEA ) is weakly bound to SHBG , but dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate is not bound to SHBG . Androstenedione is not bound to SHBG either , and is instead bound solely to albumin . Estrone sulfate and estriol are also poorly bound by SHBG . Less than 1 % of progesterone is bound to SHBG .
SHBG levels are usually about twice as high in women than in men . In women , SHBG serves to limit exposure to both androgens and estrogens . Low SHBG levels in women have been associated with hyperandrogenism and endometrial cancer due to heightened exposure to androgens and estrogens , respectively . During pregnancy , due to activation of SHBG production in the liver by high estrogen levels , SHBG levels increase by five-fold to ten-fold . The high SHBG levels during pregnancy may serve to protect the mother from exposure to fetal androgens that escape metabolism by the placenta . A case report of severe hyperandrogenism in a pregnant woman due to a rare instance of genetic SHBG deficiency illustrates this .
Biochemistry
Biosynthesis
SHBG is produced mostly by the liver and is released into the bloodstream . Other sites that produce SHBG include the brain , uterus , testes , and placenta . Testes-produced SHBG is called androgen-binding protein .
Gene
The gene for SHBG is called Shbg located on chromosome 17 on the short arm between the bands 17p12→p13 . Overlapping on the complementary DNA strand is the gene for spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase family member 2 ( SAT2 ) . Nearby are the genes for p53 and ATP1B2 , and fragile X mental retardation , autosomal homolog 2 ( FXR2 ) on the complementary strand . There are eight exons , of which exon 1 has three variations called 1L , 1T and 1N which are triggered by three promoters : PL , PT and PN respectively . SHBG comes with the 1L , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , and 8 exons connected together . A variation includes SHBG-T which is missing exon 7 but with exon 1T promoted by promoter PT on the opposite strand , which shared with that for SAT2 .
Polymorphisms
There are variations in the genetic material for this protein that have different effects .
In humans common polymorphisms include the following :
Rs6259 , also called Asp327Asn location 7633209 on Chromosome 17 , results in there being an extra N-glycosilation site , and so an extra sugar can be attached . This results in a longer circulation half-life for the protein , and raised levels . A health effect is a lowered risk of endometrial cancer , and another is an increased risk of systemic lupus erythematosus .
Rs6258 also called Ser156Pro is at position 7631360 on the Chromosome 17 .
Rs727428 position 7634474 is in several percents of humans .
( TAAAA ) ( n ) is five base pairs that repeat a variable number of times on the opposite DNA strand .
Promoter activation
The mechanism of activating the promoter for SHBG in the liver involves hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha ( HNF4A ) binding to a DR1 like cis element which then stimulate production . Competing with HNF4A at a third site on the promoter is PPARG-2 which reduces copying the gene to RNA . If HNF4A level is low then COUP-TF binds to the first site and turns off production of SHBG .
Protein
Sex hormone-binding globulin is homodimeric , meaning it has two identical peptide chains making up its structure . The amino acid sequence is the same as for androgen-binding protein but that has different oligosaccharides attached and is produced in testes .
SHBG has two laminin G-like domains which form pockets that bind hydrophobic molecules . The steroids are bound by the LG domain at the amino end of the protein . Inside the pocket of the domain is a serine residue that attracts the two different types of steroids at different points , thus changing their orientation . Androgens bind at the C3 functional groups on the A ring , and estrogens bind via a hydroxyl attached to C17 on the D ring . The two different orientations change a loop over the entrance to the pocket and the position of trp84 ( in humans ) . Thus the whole protein signals what hormone it carries on its own surface . The steroid binding LG domain is coded by exons 2 to 5 . A linker region joins the two LG domains together .
When first produced the SHBG precursor has a leading signal peptide attached with 29 amino acids . The remaining peptide has 373 amino acids . There are two sulfur bridges .
The sugars are attached at two different N-glycosylation points on asparagine ( 351 and 367 ) and one O-glycosylation ( 7 ) point on threonine .
Metals
A calcium ion is needed to link the two elements of the dimer together . Also a zinc ion is used to orient an otherwise disorganised part of the peptide chain .
Regulation
SHBG has both enhancing and inhibiting hormonal influences thus can be viewed as a hepatokine . It decreases with high levels of insulin , growth hormone , insulin-like growth factor 1 ( IGF-1 ) , androgens , prolactin and transcortin . High estrogen and thyroxine levels cause it to increase .
In an effort to explain obesity-related reductions in SHBG , recent evidence suggests sugar or monosaccharide-induced hepatic lipogenesis , hepatic lipids in general , and cytokines like TNF-alpha and Interleukin reduce SHBG , whereas insulin does not . As an example anti-psoriatic drugs that inhibit TNF-alpha cause an increase in SHBG . The common downstream mechanism for all of these , including the effect of thyroid hormones was downregulation of HNF4 , hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 .
Blood values
Reference ranges for blood tests for SHBG have been developed :
Clinical significance
High or low levels
SHBG levels are decreased by androgens , administration of anabolic steroids , polycystic ovary syndrome , hypothyroidism , obesity , Cushing 's syndrome , and acromegaly . Low SHBG levels increase the probability of Type 2 Diabetes . SHBG levels increase with estrogenic states ( oral contraceptives ) , pregnancy , hyperthyroidism , cirrhosis , anorexia nervosa , and certain drugs . Long-term calorie restriction of more than 50 percent ( in rodents ) increases SHBG , while lowering free and total testosterone and estradiol . DHEA-S , which lacks affinity for SHBG , is not affected by calorie restriction . Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome is associated with insulin resistance and excess insulin lowers SHBG , which increases free testosterone levels .
In the womb the human fetus has a low level of SHBG allowing increased activity of sex hormones . After birth , the SHBG level rises and remains at a high level throughout childhood . At puberty the SHBG level halves in girls and goes down to a quarter in boys . The change at puberty is triggered by growth hormone , and its pulsatility differs in boys and girls . In pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy the SHBG level escalates to five to ten times the usual level for a woman . A hypothesis is that this protects against the effect of hormone produced by the fetus .
Obese girls are more likely to have an early menarche due to lower levels of SHBG . Anorexia or a lean physique in women leads to higher SHBG levels , which in turn can lead to amenorrhea .
Type 2 diabetes
Reduced levels of SHBG and also certain polymorphisms of the SHBG gene are implicated in the development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes . Such effects apparently involve direct action at the cellular level where it became apparent that cell membranes of certain tissues contain specific high-affinity SHBG receptors .
Coagulation
SHBG is a useful correlate and indirect marker of estrogen-induced procoagulation and by extension thrombosis , for instance with birth control pills .
Medications
Oral contraceptives containing ethinylestradiol can increase SHBG levels by 2- to 4-fold and decrease free testosterone concentrations by 40 to 80 % in women . They can be used to treat symptoms of hyperandrogenism like acne and hirsutism . Some oral contraceptives , namely those containing high doses of ethinylestradiol ( which have been discontinued and are no longer marketed ) , can increase SHBG levels by as much as 5- to 10-fold .
Some medications , such as certain anabolic steroids like mesterolone and danazol and certain progestins like levonorgestrel and norethisterone , have high affinity for SHBG and can bind to it and displace endogenous steroids from it , thereby increasing free concentrations of these endogenous steroids . It has been estimated that therapeutic levels of danazol , methyltestosterone , fluoxymesterone , levonorgestrel , and norethisterone would respectively occupy or displace from testosterone 83–97 % , 48–69 % , 42–64 % , 16–47 % , and 4–39 % of SHBG binding sites , while others with low affinity for SHBG such as ethinylestradiol , cyproterone acetate , and medroxyprogesterone acetate would occupy or displace from testosterone 1 % or fewer SHBG binding sites .
Endogenous steroids
Measurement
When checking serum estradiol or testosterone , a total level that includes free and bound fractions can be assayed , or the free portion may be measured alone . Sex hormone-binding globulin can be measured separately from the total fraction of testosterone .
A free androgen index expresses the ratio of testosterone to SHBG and can be used to summarize the activity of free testosterone .
Affinity and binding
Synonyms
SHBG has been known under a variety of different names including :
Sex hormone-binding globulin ( SHBG )
Sex steroid-binding globulin ( SSBG , SBG )
Sex steroid-binding protein ( SBP , SSBP )
Androgen-binding protein ( ABP )
Estradiol-binding-protein ( EBP )
Testosterone–estradiol binding globulin ( TeBG , TEBG )
References
Further reading
External links
Glycoproteins
Yağdaş is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 73 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
Harvey Cantor is an American immunologist known for their studies of the development and immunological function of T lymphocytes . Cantor is currently the Baruj Benacerraf Professor of Microbiology & Immunobiology at the Harvard Medical School .
Research
Cantor 's early studies focused on the development and function of lymphocytes derived from the thymus ( T-lymphocytes or T cells ) . In particular , their research addressed whether the multiple immunological functions of T cells were invested in a single lineage or represented the specialized activities of distinct T cell subsets . This approach depended on the use of antibodies to cell surface glycoproteins or “ markers ” that might identify specialized subsets of lymphocytes with particular immunologic functions . This experimental approach was also used to investigate other lymphocyte populations , including “ natural killer ” cells . Their laboratory continues to investigate the molecular and cellular elements that regulate the immune response and maintain self-tolerance .
Education
Cantor received an A.B . from Columbia University and M.D . from New York University School of Medicine , followed by fellowship training at the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) in Bethesda , MD with Richard Asofsky and as an NIH Special Fellow at the National Institute for Medical Research in Mill Hill , London . Following a residency in medicine at Stanford , they joined the faculty of Harvard Medical School in 1974 as an assistant professor of medicine and , since 1979 , has been professor of pathology . In 1998 , Cantor was appointed chair of the Department of Cancer Immunology & AIDS at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and in 2007 they were honored by appointment to the Baruj Benacerraf Professorship at Harvard Medical School .
Awards
Cantor was elected to the National Academy of Sciences ( 2002 ) , the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( 2005 ) and the American Academy of Arts & Sciences ( 2010 ) . More recently , Cantor received the 2019 Excellence in Mentoring Award and was elected as a Distinguished Fellow of the American Association of Immunologists in 2020 .
References
Published papers
Huber B , Devinsky O , Gershon RK , Cantor H. Cell-mediated immunity : Delayed hypersensitivity and cytotoxic responses are mediated by different T-cell subclasses . J Exp Med 143 : 1534–39 .
Glimcher L , Shen FW , Cantor H. Identification of a cell-surface antigen selectively expressed on the natural killer cell . J Exp Med 145 : 1–9 .
Rao A , Ko WW , Faas SJ , Cantor H. Binding of antigen in the absence of histocompatibility proteins by arsonate-reactive T cell clones . Cell 36:879-888 .
Rao A , Faas S and H. Cantor . Analogues which compete for antigen binding to an arsonate-reactive T cell clone inhibit the functional response to arsonate . Cell 36:889-95 .
Patarca R , Freeman GJ , Singh RP , Wei FW , Durfee T , Blattner F , Regnier DC , Kozak CA , Mock BA , Morse III CA , Jerrells TR , Cantor H. Structural and functional studies of the Eta-1 ( Early-T-lymphocyte-activation-1 ; Osteopontin ) gene : Definition of a novel T-cell dependent response associated with genetic resistance to bacterial infection . J Exp Med 170:145-161 .
Avery AC , Zhao ZS , Rodriquez A , Bikoff EK , Soheilian M , Foster CS , Cantor H .. Resistance to herpes stromal keratitis conferred by an IgG2a-derived peptide . Nature 376 : 431–434 .
Weber GF , Ashkar S , Glimcher MJ , Cantor H. Receptor-ligand interaction between Osteopontin ( Eta-1 ) and CD44 . Science 271 : 509–512 .
Zhao ZS , Granucci F , Yeh L , Schaffer PA , Cantor H. Molecular mimicry by herpes simplex virus-1 : Autoimmune disease after viral infection . Science 279 : 1344–1347 .
Pestano GA , Zhou Y , Trimble LA , Daley J , Weber GF , Cantor H. Inactivation of mis-selected CD8 T cells by CD8 gene methylation and cell death . Science 284 : 1187–1191 .
Ashkar S , Weber GF , Panoutsakopoulou V , Sanchirico ME , Jansson M , Zawaideh S , Rittling SR , Denhardt DT , Glimcher MJ , Cantor H. Eta-1 ( Osteopontin ) : an early component of type 1 ( cell-mediated ) immunity . Science 287 : 860–864 .
†Panoutsakopoulou V , †Sanchirico ME , Huster KM , Jansson M , Granucci F , Shim DJ , Wucherpfennig KW , Cantor H. Analysis of the relationship between viral infection and autoimmune disease . Immunity 15:137-147 .
McCarty N , Paust S , Ikizawa K , Dan I , Li X , Cantor H. Signaling by MINK plays an essential role in negative selection of autoreactive thymocytes . Nature Immunology 6:65-72 .
Shinohara ML , Lu L , Bu J , Werneck MBF , Kobayashi KS , Glimcher LH , Cantor H. Osteopontin expression is essential for IFN-γ production by plasmacytoid dendritic cells . Nature Immunology 7 , 498–506 .
Shinohara ML , Kim J-H , Garcia VA , Cantor H. Engagement of the Type I interferon receptor on dendritic cells inhibits promotion of Th17 cells : central role of intracellular Osteopontin . Immunity 29 : 68–78 .
† equal contributors
External links
Dana-Farber Cancer Institute profile
Dana-Farber/Harvard Cancer Center ( DF/HCC ) profile
Harvard Medical School Program in Immunology profile
American immunologists
Living people
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
Harvard Medical School faculty
New York University faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
New York University School of Medicine alumni
Richard Dillingham ( June 18 , 1823 – June 30 , 1850 ) was a Quaker school teacher from Peru Township in what is now Morrow County , Ohio , U.S. , who was arrested in Tennessee on December 5 , 1848 , while aiding the attempted escape of three slaves . Tried April 12 , 1849 , they were sentenced to three years in the Tennessee State Penitentiary in Nashville . They died there of cholera .
Dillingham was celebrated as a martyr to the abolitionist cause by novelist Harriet Beecher Stowe , fellow Quaker Levi Coffin and the poet John Greenleaf Whittier , who wrote the poem The Cross in Dillingham 's honor .
In their Memoir of Richard Dillingham , Levi Coffin describes Dillingham 's arrest :
In December , 1848 , being then in Cincinnati , they were earnestly solicited by some colored people to go to Nashville , Tennessee , and bring away their relations who were slaves there , under a hard master . They undertook the project , though fully conscious that they encountered great danger . Reaching Nashville , they made themselves known to the slaves whom they had come to rescue , and made private arrangements with them about escaping . At the appointed time the party left the city , the three slaves being in a hack , which Dillingham had hired , with a free colored man who acted as driver . Dillingham themselves was on horseback . The way to freedom and safety seemed open , but treachery thwarted all their plans . A colored man in whom Dillingham had confided , betrayed him–through what motive , it is not known -- and the whole party were arrested when they reached the bridge across the Cumberland river .
Tried and convicted for `` Negro stealing , '' Dillingham was given the minimum sentence of three years . Levi Coffin 's Memoir relates what happened next :
Richard Dillingham was transferred from the county jail to the penitentiary , and put to hard labor , namely , sawing rock . They were allowed to write to their friends but once in three months , and their letters were inspected by the warden . Their health suffered , and they became despondent . After nine months ' imprisonment they were made flight attendant of the penitentiary hospital , a post which they filled to the satisfaction of the prison officials . In the summer of 1850 , the cholera broke out among the inmates of the penitentiary , and many died . Richard Dillingham dealt out medicines , and was unwearied in their attentions to their fellow prisoners , many of whom they saw die and be buried in one day . At last the solemn message came to him . One Sabbath morning they were attacked with cholera ; they died at two o'clock , p. m. , and was buried at half past three .
The exact location of Dillingham 's grave is not known . They were buried in a cemetery on the prison grounds . The site was built over in the course of Nashville 's later urban development .
Notes and references
The Key to Uncle Tom 's Cabin by Harriet Beecher Stowe ( See pp . 101–108 . )
A.L . Benedict , Memoir of Richard Dillingham , Philadelphia : Merrihew and Thompson , Printers , 1852 . ( Full text facsimile from Hathi Trust Digital Library )
Full text facsimile from Samuel J . May Anti-Slavery Collection , Cornell University ( Cornell University Library Digital Collections reprint )
Wilbur H. Seibert , The Underground Railroad from Slavery to Freedom , New York : Macmillan Co. , 1898 , pp . 174-175 .
External links
The Cross by John Greenleaf Whittier
1823 births
1850 deaths
Activists from Ohio
American Quakers
American people who died in prison custody
Quaker abolitionists
Deaths from cholera
Infectious disease deaths in Tennessee
People from Morrow County , Ohio
Underground Railroad people
Prisoners who died in Tennessee detention
The 5th Flying Training Squadron is part of the United States Air Force 's Air Force Reserve Command serving as a reserve associate squadron operating with the 71st Flying Training Wing at Vance Air Force Base , Oklahoma . It operates the Raytheon T-1 Jayhawk , Northrop T-38C Talon , and Beechcraft T-6A Texan II aircraft conducting flight training in support of the 71st Operations Group .
History
World War II
The squadron was established at Selfridge Field , Michigan as the 5th Pursuit Squadron an Army Air Corps fighter squadron in January 1941 . It was assigned to the Northeast Air District with Curtiss P-40 Warhawks and Bell P-39 Airacobras as part of the defense buildup prior to the United States entry into World War II .
It deployed to the European Theater of Operations , assigned to VIII Fighter Command in August 1942 . Its Airacobras were deemed unsuitable for the environment for escort duty . It was re-equipped with Supermarine Spitfires and was trained by the Royal Air Force . It flew some escort missions with VIII Bomber Command Boeing B-17 Flying Fortresses and Consolidated B-24 Liberators during the fall of 1942 .
It was sent to North Africa in late 1942 as part of the Operation Torch invasion forces , and took up station in Algeria . It was reassigned to Twelfth Air Force and flew both fighter escort missions for the Flying Fortresses operating from Algeria and tactical interdiction strikes on enemy targets of opportunity in Algeria and Tunisia during the North African Campaign .
Following the German defeat and withdrawal from North Africa the squadron participated in the Allied invasion of Sicily and invasion of Italy and subsequent drive of the United States Fifth Army up the Italian Peninsula . Engaged primarily in tactical operations after November 1943 , supporting ground forces and attacking enemy targets of opportunity such as railroads , road convoys , bridges , strafing enemy airfields and other targets . It deployed to Corsica in 1944 to attack enemy targets in support of Free French forces in the liberation of the island and to support Allied Forces in the invasion of Southern France . It continued offensive operations until the German capitulation in May 1945 . It returned to the United States and was inactivated during the fall of 1945 .
Air Defense Command
It was reactivated in 1946 as a United States Air Forces in Europe ( USAFE ) fighter squadron . It was primarily an occupation unit at Schweinfurt Airfield and Bad Kissingen Airfield in Germany . It was reassigned from USAFE to Air Defense Command ( ADC ) in June 1947 , equipped with Northrop P-61 Black Widows , and stationed at Mitchel Field , New York , to perform air defense of the eastern United States .
In June 1948 the unit transitioned into North American F-82 Twin Mustangs . In the fall of 1949 the unit moved to McGuire Air Force Base , New Jersey . In August 1955 the 5th moved on paper to Suffolk County Air Force Base , New York . In the spring of 1957 the unit transitioned into Convair F-102 Delta Daggers .
In February 1960 the 5th moved to Minot Air Force Base , North Dakota , and transitioned into the Convair F-106 Delta Dart under the 32d Fighter Wing . Although the number of ADC interceptor squadrons remained almost constant in the early 1960s , attrition ( and the fact that production lines closed in 1961 ) caused a gradual drop in the number of planes assigned to typical fighter squadrons , from 24 to typically 18 by 1964 and 12 by 1967 . These reductions resulted in the squadron 's parent 32d Fighter Wing 's inactivation and the transfer of Minot to Strategic Air Command in July 1962 .
On 22 October 1962 , before President John F. Kennedy told Americans that missiles were in place in Cuba , the squadron dispersed one third of its force , equipped with nuclear tipped missiles to Hector Field at the start of the Cuban Missile Crisis . These planes returned to Minot after the crisis . In late 1962 the 5th acquired two live lynx kittens ( `` Spitten '' and `` Kitten '' ) as mascots , with the assistance of the Minot Daily News , after a farmer had killed their mother .
In the mid-1980s the 5th converted to the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagles . The F-15s only flew over Minot until the spring of 1988 , when the FIS was inactivated . The lynx den in the squadron was one of the few places where Canada lynx had bred in captivity in the U.S. , prompting both the St. Louis and San Diego Zoos to copy it in an attempt to get their own lynx inhabitants to produce offspring . Several generations of lynx flourished there , and after the unit was inactivated , Delta and Dart , twin kitten descendants of the original two Lynx kitten mascots were donated to the Roosevelt Park Zoo in Minot .
Pilot training
It was reactivated in 1990 as an Air Training Command ( later Air Education and Training Command ) undergraduate pilot Training squadron at Vance Air Force Base , Oklahoma , but was inactivated in December of the following year . The squadron was activated again at Vance in 1997 , but this time as a reserve unit . As an associate unit , it trains pilots and pilot instructors alongside the active duty members of the 71st Flying Training Wing .
Lineage
Constituted as the 5th Pursuit Squadron ( Interceptor ) on 20 November 1940
Activated on 15 January 1941
Redesignated 5th Fighter Squadron on 15 May 1942
Inactivated on 7 November 1945
Activated on 9 November 1946
Redesignated 5th Fighter Squadron , All Weather on 10 May 1948
Redesignated 5th Fighter-All Weather Squadron on 20 January 1950
Redesignated 5th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron on 1 May 1951
Inactivated on 1 July 1988
Redesignated 5th Flying Training Squadron on 1 January 1990
Activated on 16 February 1990
Inactivated on 15 December 1991
Redesignated 5th Flying Training Flight and activated in the reserve on 1 April 1997
Redesignated 5th Flying Training Squadron on 1 April 1998
Assignments
52d Fighter Group : 15 Jan 1941 – 7 Nov 1945
52d Fighter Group ( later 52d Fighter-All Weather Group , 52d Fighter-Interceptor Group ) : 9 November 1946
4709th Defense Wing : 6 February 1952
568th Air Defense Group : 16 Feb 1953
4709th Defense Wing ( later 4709th Air Defense Wing ) : 8 July 1954
52d Fighter Group : 18 August 1955
32d Fighter Group : 1 February 1960
32d Fighter Wing : 1 February 1961
Minot Air Defense Sector : 1 July 1962
Great Falls Air Defense Sector : 25 June 1963
28th Air Division : 1 April 1966
24th Air Division : 19 November 1969
25th Air Division : 1 June 1983
Northwest Air Defense Sector : 1 December 1987 – 1 July 1988
71st Flying Training Wing : 16 February 1990 – 15 December 1991
610th Regional Support Group : 1 April 1997
340th Flying Training Group : 1 April 1998 – present
Stations
Selfridge Field , Michigan . 15 January 1941
Floyd Bennett Airport , New York , 17 December 1941
Selfridge Field , Michigan , 14 January 1942
Florence Army Air Field , South Carolina , 18 February 1942
Bluethenthal Field , North Carolina , 27 April 1942
Grenier Field , New Hampshire , 12 June 1942 – 19 July 1942
Northern Ireland , 19 August 1942
RAF Goxhill , England , 26 August 1942 – 27 October 1942
Tafaraoui Airfield , Algeria , 8 November 1942 ( air echelon only )
La Senia Airfield , Algeria , 12 November 1942
Orleansville Airfield , Algeria , 1 January 1943
Telergma Airfield , Algeria , 19 January 1943
Youks-les-Bains Airfield , Algeria , 8 March 1943
Le Sers Airfield , Tunisia , 12 April 1943
La Sebala Airfield , Tunisia , 20 May 1943
Borizzo Airfield , Sicily , Italy , 1 August 1943
Borgo Airfield , Corsica , France , 1 December 1943
Madna Airfield , Italy , 14 May 1944
Piagiolino Airfield , Italy , c. 24 April 1945
Lesina Airfield , Italy , c. 10 July 1945 – August 1945
Drew Field , Florida , 25 August 1945 – 7 November 1945
Schweinfurt Airfield , Germany , 9 Nov 1946
Bad Kissingen Airfield , Germany , 5 May 1947
Mitchel Field ( later Mitchel Air Force Base ) , New York , 25 Jun 1947
McGuire Air Force Base , New Jersey , 4 October 1949
Suffolk County Air Force Base , New York , 18 August 1955
Minot Air Force Base , North Dakota , 1 February 1960 – 1 July 1988
Vance Air Force Base , Oklahoma , 16 February 1990 – 15 December 1991
Vance Air Force Base , Oklahoma , 1 April 1997 – present
Aircraft
Curtiss P-40 Warhawk ( 1941–1942 )
Bell P-39 Airacobra ( 1942 )
Supermarine Spitfire ( 1942–1944 )
North American P-51 Mustang ( 1944–1945 )
Northrop P-61 Black Widow ( 1947–1948 )
North American F-82 Twin Mustang ( 1948–1951 )
Lockheed F-94A Starfire ( 1951–1953 )
North American F-86D Sabre ( 1953–1956 )
Convair F-102 Delta Dagger ( 1956–1960 )
Convair F-106 Delta Dart ( 1960–1985 )
McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle ( 1984–1988 )
Cessna T-37 Tweet ( 1990–1991 , 1998–2006 )
Northrop T-38 Talon ( 1990–1991 , 1998–Present )
Raytheon T-1 Jayhawk ( 1998–Present )
Beechcraft T-6A Texan II
See also
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
McMullen , Richard F. ( 1964 ) `` The Fighter Interceptor Force 1962-1964 '' ADC Historical Study No . 27 , Air Defense Command , Ent Air Force Base , CO ( Confidential , declassified 22 Mar 2000 )
NORAD/CONAD Participation in the Cuban Missile Crisis , Historical Reference Paper No . 8 , Directorate of Command History Continental Air Defense Command , Ent AFB , CO , 1 Feb 63 ( Top Secret NOFORN declassified 9 March 1996 )
External links
Military units and formations in Oklahoma
0005
Thomas Heathfield Carrick ( 4 July 1802 – 1874 ) was an English portrait miniature painter who portrayed many leading political and literary figures of their age . They developed the method of painting portraits on marble rather than the usual ivory .
Life and work
Carrick was born in Upperby , near Carlisle in Cumberland ( now Cumbria ) , the son of John Carrick ( d. 1852 ) , thought to be a Carlisle Mill owner but listed on the register of births as a calico printer , and Mary ( née ) Anderson . They were educated at Carlisle Grammar School and by their uncle , the Rev . John Topping . They were said to be self-taught in art , but since they also began exhibiting at the Carlisle Academy in 1827 , it is likely that they also attended art classes there .
After a quarrel , Carrick left home , trained , and then set up as a chemist ( in Carlisle ) . While in business they continued to paint miniatures , despite never having seen an example by another artist , apart from himself , until they came across a piece by William Charles Ross . They gradually built up a reputation as a portraitist in the locality , painting , for example , the actor Charles Kean ( who was beginning to win popularity as a provincial actor ) .
On 27 July 1829 , they married Mary Mulcaster by whom they had five children . They were eventually able to sell up their apothecary business , and moved to Newcastle upon Tyne in 1836 ( after exhibiting there in 1835 ) , then to London , with their family , in November 1839 . From 1841 to 1866 , they exhibited their work at the Royal Academy , but never accepted an associateship .
Amongst their illustrious subjects were Thomas Carlyle , Sir Robert Peel , Lord John Russell , William Wordsworth , Samuel Rogers , Caroline Norton , Eliza Cook , William Charles Macready , Nellie Farren , Luigi Lablache , Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , Daniel O'Connell and Robert Owen . In 1845 , they received a medal from Prince Albert for their work in painting miniatures on marble .
Carrick abandoned miniature painting in 1868 , the profession having been superseded by photography , and retired to Newcastle , having been awarded the Turner annuity ( a pension ) by the Royal Academy a year before their retirement . There they died in 1874 .
Their son , John Mulcaster Carrick ( 1833–1896 ) was a landscape and figure painter . Among Carrick 's pupils was landscape artist John Henry Mole ( 1814–1886 ) .
References
Attribution :
External links
Thomas Carrick on Artnet
Portraits by Thomas Carrick ( National Portrait Gallery )
Portrait of an unknown elderly man ( Watercolour on marble - V & A )
Portrait of an unknown woman ( Watercolour on marble - V & A )
1802 births
1874 deaths
19th-century English painters
English male painters
People from Carlisle , Cumbria
People educated at Carlisle Grammar School
Portrait miniaturists
19th-century English male artists
Neiwan ( ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration Neiwan line located in Hengshan Township , Hsinchu County , Taiwan .
History
The station was opened on 11 September 1951 .
Around the station
Liu Hsing-chin Comic Museum
Neiwan Theater
Nearby stations
< -- Neiwan line
See also
List of railway stations in Taiwan
References
1951 establishments in Taiwan
Railway stations in Hsinchu County
Railway stations opened in 1951
Railway stations served by Taiwan Railways Administration
Moodupadam is a 1963 Malayalam language film directed by Ramu Kariat and scripted by K. T. Muhammed based on S. K. Pottekkatt 's novel of the same name . Sathyan and Ambika play the lead roles . It is a social film about the relationship between three major religious faiths in Kerala , Hindu , Muslim and Christian .
Cast
Sathyan
Nellikkodu Bhaskaran
Premji
K. Balakrishna Menon
Madhu
Adoor Bhasi
Velayudhan Nair
Kuthiravattom Pappu
Kunjava
Kedamangalam Ali
Muhammad
Sinhalan
R. S. Prabhu
Velayudhan
Vaidyanathan
Ramesh
Abdul Khader
Master Hudh
Master Soman
Ambika Sukumaran
Sheela
Prema
Shantha
Rajam
Kozhikode Shantha Devi
K. P. Malathi
Latha Raju credited as Baby Latha
Baby Vilasini
Crew
Art direction : S. Konnanadu
Sound : V. Sivaram , V. B. C. Menon ( in Westrex Sound system )
Makeup : K. V. Bhaskaran
Costumes : V. M. Muthu
Filming studios : Vijaya , Vauhini
Outdoor Unit : Devi Sound Service
Lab : Vijaya Lab
Processing : P. M. Vijayaraghavalu
Stills : Trichy K. Arunachalam
Production manager : P. A . Backer
Production executive : R. S. Prabhu
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran and Yusufali Kechery .
References
External links
Moodupadam at the Malayalam Movie Database
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films based on Indian novels
Films directed by Ramu Kariat
Eric Verpaele ( Zelzate , 2 February 1952 – Ertvelde , 10 August 2015 ) pseudonym Eriek Verpale was a Belgian writer . They attended a boarding school in Oostakker and studied Germanic and Slavic philology at the University of Ghent . They were an editor of the magazine Koebel , several literary magazines and the Belgisch-Israëlitisch Weekblad ( E : Belgian-Israeli Weekly ) .
They made their literary debut as a poet with neoromantic poems in Polder- en andere gedichten ( 1975 ) . Their maternal great-grandmother was of jiddisch Polish-Jewish ancestry , and the chasidic and Eastern European literature play an important role in their work .
Bibliography
De rabbi en andere verhalen ( 1975 )
Polder- en andere gedichten ( 1975 )
Voor een simpel ogenblik maar ... ( 1976 )
Een meisje uit Odessa ( 1979 )
Op de trappen van Algiers ( 1980 )
Alles in het klein ( 1990 )
Onder vier ogen ( 1992 )
Olivetti 82 ( 1993 )
Nachten van Beiroet ( 1994 )
De patatten zijn geschild ( 1995 )
Grasland ( 1996 )
Gitta ( 1997 )
Katse nachten ( 2000 )
See also
Flemish literature
Bernard , a feature film made of the monologue `` Olivetti '' 82 can be freely watched online .
Sources
Eriek Verpale
Eriek Verpale
External links
1952 births
2015 deaths
Belgian people of Polish-Jewish descent
Flemish poets
20th-century Belgian poets
People from Zelzate
aka is a 2001 Japanese Pink film directed by Toshiki Satō . It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony . Shinji Imaoka was awarded Best Screenplay and actor Mao Nakagawa was chosen Best New Actress for their work on this film .
Cast
Mao Nakagawa
Tsukasa Saitō
Yumeka Sasaki
Yūji Tajiri
Takeshi Itō
Availability
The film was released on DVD in Japan under its theatrical title on October 25 , 2002 . Besides an individual release , the DVD was included in a 3-disc Toshiki Satō collection . The Film was released on DVD in the UK under Salvation 's Sacrament DVD label on 28 May 2004 .
Bibliography
References
2001 films
2000s erotic films
Films directed by Toshiki Satō
2000s Japanese-language films
MILF pornography
Pink films
Shintōhō Eiga films
2000s pornographic films
2000s Japanese films
Kumgang or Geumgang may refer to :
Kumgang County , a county in Kangwon province , North Korea
Kumgang mountain , a mountain in Kangwon province , North Korea
Kumgang fat minnow , a freshwater fish , in Kangwon province , North Korea
The Geum River , in western South Korea
Geumgang jeondo , a famous landscape painted by Jeong Seon during the reign of King Yeongjo
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Anan , Tokushima Prefecture , Japan . It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number `` M15 '' .
Lines
Kuwano Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 32.6 km from the beginning of the line at . Besides the local trains on the Mugi Line , the Muroto limited express service between and also stops at the station .
Layout
The station consists of two opposed side platforms serving two tracks . The station building is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room . Access to the opposite platform is by means of a level crossing with ramps at both ends . A siding branches off track 1 and ends near the station building .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways ( JGR ) opened Kuwano Station on 27 March 1936 during the first phase of the construction of the Mugi Line when a track was built from to here . On 1 April 1987 , with the privatization of Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) , the successor of JGR , JR Shikoku took over control of the station .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019 , the station was used by an average of 119 passengers daily
Surrounding area
Anan City Hall Kuwano Resident Center
Anan City Kuwano Elementary School
Anan Municipal Anan Daini Junior High School
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1936
Anan , Tokushima
Woman with Flowers ( or ) is a marble sculpture in height executed by Andrea del Verrocchio between 1475 and 1480 . It is in the Bargello Museum in Florence .
The identity of the woman could be Fioretta Gorini , spouse of Giuliano de ' Medici , Lucrezia Donati , platonic love of Lorenzo il Magnifico , or Ginevra d'Amerigo Benci , also portrayed in a painting by Leonardo da Vinci .
Dama col mazzolino influenced Leonardo 's Studies of hands . It stands out for having the hands on the chest .
References
Bibliography
Sculptures by Andrea del Verrocchio
Marble sculptures in Italy
Busts in Italy
Chilliwack is a Canadian rock band centred on the singer and guitarist Bill Henderson . They were active from 1970 to 1988 ; Henderson re-formed the band in 1997 . The band started off with a progressive rock sound that incorporated elements of folk , indigenous , jazz and blues , before moving towards a more straight-ahead hard rock/pop rock sound by the mid-70s . Their six best-selling songs were `` My Girl ( Gone , Gone , Gone ) '' , `` I Believe '' , `` Whatcha Gon na Do '' , `` Fly at Night '' , `` Crazy Talk '' , and `` Lonesome Mary '' . The band 's line-up has changed many times .
History
The band originated in Vancouver , British Columbia . The members of the C-FUN Classics changed the band 's name to The Collectors when Bill Henderson joined in 1966 . Their psychedelic self-titled debut album yielded the minor hit `` Lydia Purple '' . Their second album was based on the musical score written by the band for Grass and Wild Strawberries , a stage play by Canadian playwright George Ryga .
Vocalist Howie Vickers left the Collectors in 1969 ; the remaining members formed the band Chilliwack in 1970 , Chilliwack being a Salish term meaning `` valley of many streams '' and the name of a city east of Vancouver in the Fraser Valley . Chilliwack released its debut album Chilliwack , in 1970 .
Lead guitarist Bill Henderson led the remaining former Collectors members : Glenn Miller ( bass , guitar , backing vocals ) , Ross Turney ( drums ) and Claire Lawrence ( flute , saxophone , keyboards , backing vocals ) ; while they provided most of the vocals and did most of the composing . During 1970 , Miller briefly left the band , who were joined on the road by Robbie King ( keyboards , bass ) and played at Expo '70 in Japan and other gigs across Canada .
In 1971 bassist Rick Kilburn played live with Chilliwack for a short time before Miller returned later that same year when Lawrence departed . New member Howard Froese ( guitar , keyboards , backing vocals ) joined in 1973 .
The band released several moderately successful records . Hit singles in Canada included `` Lonesome Mary '' , which entered Cashbox January 22 , 1972 ( and was their first US charting single , peaking at # 75 on the Billboard Hot 100 in February 1972 ) , `` Crazy Talk '' ( # 98 in the US in January 1975 ) , and `` Fly at Night '' ( # 75 in the US in May 1977 ) . The track `` Rain-o '' , a blues-based composition that appeared in different versions on their debut album , Chilliwack ( June 1970 ) and the later Dreams , Dreams , Dreams ( January 1977 ) , was a well-known concert favourite .
Chilliwack 's debut was followed by two more albums : Chilliwack in September 1971 and All Over You in December 1972 .
In April 1974 their album Riding High on Goldfish Records ( Terry Jacks ' label ) contained one of their biggest hits , `` Crazy Talk '' , which was produced by Jacks . This album was not released in the US until early 1975 ( on the Sire Records label ) , where it was retitled Chilliwack ( their third U.S. release to bear that title ) .
Chilliwack had a difficult time sustaining success because of constant changes of label . The two Collectors albums were on Warner Brothers and Chilliwack 's first five albums were on four different labels in Canada : Parrot , A & M , Goldfish and Casino Records .
Rockerbox , their fifth album , was released in December 1975 on Sire Records in the US and ( with a different cover ) on the little-known Casino Records label in Canada . It was Chilliwack 's least successful album in Canada .
The band was then signed to Vancouver 's Mushroom Records , with distribution throughout North America . After completing one album for the label , Dreams , Dreams , Dreams , Chilliwack began work on their seventh album , to be titled Lights from the Valley . The first attempt at recording proved unsatisfactory , leading to discord among the band members . Froese was replaced by Brian MacLeod , who contributed guitar , drums , keyboards and backing vocals . The album was re-recorded ; with some of Froese 's vocal and guitar work , as well as percussion from session drummer Eddie Tuduri , included in the final mix . By the time of the record 's release , bassist Glenn Miller and drummer Ross Turney had left the group . Mushroom was also having financial problems which hampered the promotion of the album after its release in June 1978 .
Drummer Skip Layton and former Prism bassist Ab Bryant were recruited to perform with Henderson , MacLeod , and Jamie Bowers ( guitar , keyboards ) in Chilliwack 's 1978 live gigs . Henderson , MacLeod and Bryant then began working on Chilliwack 's eighth album in 1979 , joined by John Roles ( guitar , keyboards , backing vocals ) and drummer Bucky Berger . The Mushroom label went bankrupt abruptly shortly after the album , Breakdown in Paradise , was released in December 1979 . Berger was replaced by Rick Taylor and the line-up of Henderson , MacLeod , Bryant , Roles and Taylor toured into 1980 .
Chilliwack then signed with Solid Gold Records in Canada and Millennium Records in the U.S. in 1981 as a trio ( Henderson/MacLeod/Bryant ) and enjoyed its greatest success with this line-up , releasing the albums Wan na Be a Star ( September 1981 ) and Opus X ( October 1982 ) . The singles `` My Girl ( Gone , Gone , Gone ) '' ( Their first US Top 40 hit , peaking at # 22 in December 1981 ) , `` I Believe '' ( US # 33 in March 1982 ) , and `` Whatcha Gon na Do ( When I 'm Gone ) '' ( US # 41 in December 1982 ) were popular both in Canada and in the U.S. Rolling Stone wrote :
Henderson , MacLeod and Bryant were joined by drummer Paul Delaney in the fall of 1981 through early 1982 for US promotional appearances on TV shows , like American Bandstand , Solid Gold and The Merv Griffin Show , before heading out on the road later in 1982 with an expanded line-up of Henderson , MacLeod , Bryant , Joey Franco ( drums ) , Glenn Grayson ( keyboards , backing vocals ) and Dennis Grayson ( keyboards , backing vocals ) .
Henderson and MacLeod received a Best Producer Juno Award for Opus X . However , echoing the Mushroom problems , Millennium Records then collapsed . In early 1983 , MacLeod and Bryant left the band , to devote more time to their other project , the Headpins ( with Denise McCann and then Darby Mills as lead vocalists ) . Chilliwack 's last studio recording , Look In Look Out , was released in July 1984 with Henderson as the only continuing member . They were joined by session players Ashley Mulford ( guitar , backing vocals , from the band Sad Café ) , Richard Gibbs ( keyboards , from the group Oingo Boingo ) , Mo Foster ( bass ) , Simon Phillips ( drums ) and Tom Keenlyside ( saxophone ) , with additional vocals provided by Mark LaFrance , Saffron & Camille Henderson , Dustin Keller and Bob Rock .
By 1985 , the band was without a record deal and Henderson cobbled together a touring line-up of former member Claire Lawrence ( sax , backing vocals ) , Jerry Adolphe ( drums ) , Brian Newcombe ( bass ) , Robbie Gray ( keyboards , backing vocals ) and Dave Pickell ( keyboards ) . Pickell was replaced almost immediately by another former member John Roles ( guitar , keyboards ) . This grouping played mostly in Canadian clubs and smaller venues until Henderson disbanded the group in December 1988 . The following year , Henderson formed the folk-rock supergroup UHF .
On October 6 , 1991 , Henderson joined fellow rockers Loverboy , Bryan Adams , Colin James and Chrissy Steele at a benefit show at Vancouver 's 86 Street Music Hall to raise over $ 50,000 for Henderson 's former Chilliwack bandmate , Brian MacLeod , who was fighting cancer and undergoing treatment at a Houston medical clinic . MacLeod died on April 25 , 1992 , aged 39 .
After the band had been dormant for nearly a decade , Henderson decided to launch a new Chilliwack line-up in 1997 , made up of himself , Adolphe ( drums ) , Doug Edwards ( bass , backing vocals ) , and Roy 'Bim ' Forbes ( guitar , backing vocals , from UHF ) . Forbes was succeeded on guitar in 1998 by Bill 's brother , Ed , and Chilliwack released a new live album , There and Back - Live , in 2003 .
Chilliwack performed at 2005 's Voyageur Days Festival in Mattawa , Ontario , where they appeared with Moxy , Toronto , Trooper , Goddo , Killer Dwarfs and Ray Lyell for the thirtieth anniversary of Moxy 's debut album release .
On May 24 , 2010 , the band members ( Bill Henderson , Ed Henderson , Doug Edwards and Jerry Adolphe ) were joined by former members Roy 'Bim ' Forbes , Ab Bryant and Claire Lawrence , plus Howard Froese 's son Tyson on acoustic guitar ( standing in for their father , who had died of cancer in the mid-1990s ) , and Collectors singer Howie Vickers for a Chilliwack 40th Anniversary show at the River Rock Show Theatre in Richmond , British Columbia .
Chilliwack 's original bassist , Glenn Miller , died on March 4 , 2011 , in Toronto after suffering from muscular dystrophy .
In 2015 , a new music video by Chilliwack for the song `` Take Back This Land '' was released . The song became a rallying call during the 2015 Canadian federal election .
Henderson occasionally does duo shows with Claire Lawrence . Chilliwack continues to play , mostly at outdoor gatherings and festivals .
Doug Edwards died at their home in Vancouver at the age of 70 on November 11 , 2016 , after a long illness . They were succeeded in Chilliwack by Gord Maxwell ( formerly with Ian Tyson and One Horse Blue ) , who began filling in for Edwards in 2013 .
Matt Bryant , son of former Chilliwack bass player Ab Bryant , is the singer/songwriter and founding member of Canadian roots/folk band Headwater .
In 2019 , Chilliwack was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame
Current members
Bill Henderson – lead guitar , lead and backing vocals ( 1970–1988 , 1997–present )
Jerry Adolphe – drums ( 1985–1988 , 1997–present )
Ed Henderson − rhythm and lead guitar , backing vocals ( 1998–present )
Gord Maxwell – bass , backing vocals ( 2016–present )
Member timeline
Discography
Albums
As The Collectors ( Pre-Chilliwack )
Chilliwack
Singles
See also
Canadian rock
Music of Canada
Music of Vancouver
List of bands from British Columbia
Delbrook Senior Secondary School
References
External links
Bill Henderson 's website
Canadian releases
Musical groups established in 1970
Musical groups disestablished in 1988
Musical groups from Vancouver
Canadian progressive rock groups
1970 establishments in British Columbia
1988 disestablishments in British Columbia
Lichen ruber moniliformis is a rare skin disease named for Fred Wise and Charles R. Rein .
It is one of several diseases also known as Kaposi 's disease , based on its characterization in 1886 by Moritz Kaposi .
It is thought to be a rare variety of lichen planus.It is also known as `` Morbus moniliformis lichenoides '' .
Presentation
The disease causes numerous whitish punctiform papules and brownish macules arranged in a necklace-like pattern .
Diagnosis
Treatment
See also
Lichen planus
List of cutaneous conditions
References
External links
Lichenoid eruptions
Lee Harding is a singer .
Lee or Leigh Harding may also refer to :
Lee Harding ( writer )
Leigh Harding , footballer
( born July 16 , 1943 ) is a prominent organic chemist and currently a member of the faculty at the University of Chicago and professor of Chubu University .
Life
Born in Kobe , Japan , Yamamoto earned a B.S . at Kyoto University in 1967 and a Ph.D. at Harvard University in 1971 .
They were a professor at Nagoya University from 1983 until 2002 and has since been a professor within the Department of Chemistry at the University of Chicago . Their research work is largely in the chemistry of acid catalysts that play an important role in triggering or driving chemical reactions , specifically Lewis and Brønsted acid catalysts used in selective organic synthesis . Yamamoto has authored or co-authored several books on topics in modern synthetic organic chemistry . As of 2021 , their h-index equals to 120 with more than 64,000 citations .
Awards and recognitions
1988 Japan IBM Science Prize
1992 Chu-Nichi Culture Prize
2002 Medals with Purple ribbon
2003 Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS )
2004 Yamada-Koga Prize
2006 Tetrahedron Prize for Creativity in Organic Chemistry & BioMedicinal Chemistry
2007 Japan Academy Prize ( academics )
2007 Humboldt Prize
2011 The Ryoji Noyori Prize
2012 Fujihara Award
2017 The Roger Adams Award ( American Chemical Society )
2018 Person of Cultural Merit
References
External links
External links
University of Chicago Department of Chemistry profile
University of Chicago Experts Guide
1943 births
Living people
Organic chemists
Harvard University alumni
Kyoto University alumni
Nagoya University faculty
University of Chicago faculty
Humboldt Research Award recipients
Recipients of the Medal of Honor ( Japan )
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Persons of Cultural Merit
People from Kobe
Toray Industries people
Cerelac is a brand of instant cereal made by Nestlé . The cereal is promoted for infants 6 months and older as a supplement to breast milk when it is no longer the sole item in an infant 's diet . Cerelac is not a substitute for breast milk and it is advised to continue breastfeeding or infant formula along with Cerelac . Cerelac can help babies develop tastes for other food as they are weaned from breast milk . It also contains vitamins and minerals like iron , along with essential fatty acids . Cerelac products also contain probiotics that are found in the digestive tracts of breastfed babies . The brand was first registered in 1949 and it is currently sold in Kenya , Tanzania , Belgium , Denmark , Germany , Spain , Portugal , South America , Central America , North America , India , the Middle East , Nigeria , North Africa , Malawi , Nepal , Pakistan , Philippines , Ghana , Ivory Coast , South Africa , South East Asia , United Kingdom , Zambia and Zimbabwe .
History
Developed by Henri Nestlé to reduce infant mortality in the 1860s , they invented Infant Cereals using existing nutritional science and technology . The first product was called Farine Lactée and is believed to have saved the life of premature baby boy named Wanner . By 1874 , these infant cereals were sold in 18 countries . In the same year , vitamins were added . By 1948 , they were marketed across the world . The brand was first registered in 1949 . It contains most of the growth nutrition that is necessary for the baby at all development phases from 6 months onwards . It also has iron and essential minerals as Calcium , vitamin D , protein , Zinc , vitamin A , vitamin C , Omega 3 and Omega 6 , along with 18 important nutrients .
Products
Cerelac baby cereals are available in 4 stages
Stage 1 : ( At 6–7 months old ) is formulated for babies from 6 months onwards and is available in variants of CERELAC Wheat , CERELAC Rice and CERELAC Maize . This can be given to the baby as a baby 's first food during the 6th month as these cereals are gelatin free and can be easily digested .
Stage 2 : ( 7–8 months old , ) can also be fed to infants from 6 months onwards and is available in CERELAC Banana and CERELAC Honey .
Stage 3 : ( 8–12 months old ) is available as CERELAC 3 Fruits and can be given to infants from 8 months onwards . This cereal contains real fruit pieces for different textures and tastes for babies who have chewing ability .
Stage 4 ( 12 months to 18 months ) is for babies who are accomplished eaters and are ready to try food the family is eating . Stage 4 is available in options like multi-grain and fruits , multi-grain and Dal Veg and other variants . It also has the iron plus bundle ( iron , vitamin C , iodine , omega 3 and Vitamin B1 ) which can help in brain and cognitive development . The products in this stage also contain Bifidus BL probiotics that strengthen the baby 's immune system and helps with their growth and development .
Stage 5 ( After 18 months to 2 years ) contains five grains and fruits combination which is made with fruits in textured shapes which are developmentally suitable for babies . Also contains wholegrain oats . The value added minerals , vitamins and fats enables the infant to gain health along with nutrition and taste .
References
External links
1949 establishments in Switzerland
Nestlé cereals
USS Tunica ( ATA-178 ) was a Sotoyomo-class auxiliary fleet tug acquired by the United States Navy for service during and after World War II .
ATA-178 was laid down on 10 May 1944 at Orange , Texas , by the Levingston Shipbuilding Co. ; launched on 15 June 1944 ; and commissioned on 15 September 1944 .
World War II Pacific Theatre operations
Late in September , ATA-178 picked up two barges at New Orleans , Louisiana , for towing to Hawaii . The tug transited the Panama Canal , stopped at San Diego , California , and reached Pearl Harbor on 10 December 1944 . After a brief layover in Hawaii , they departed Pearl Harbor to tow one of the 10 sections of a drydock to Guam , where they arrived on 14 January 1945 .
Not long after their arrival in the Marianas , ATA-178 was assigned to the Samoan Defense Command . Between 10 February and 28 May , they towed supply barges between various bases in the South Pacific . Late in May , ATA-178 joined other tugs in towing barge-loads of equipment from the South Pacific to bases nearer to the active theaters of operations . During the final three months of the war , they called frequently at Guam , Leyte , Manus , Eniwetok , and Kwajalein to deliver equipment-laden barges .
End-of-war activity
Following the cessation of hostilities , they reported to Nouméa , New Caledonia , where they underwent their first major overhaul . When that was completed , they resumed their duties in support of the disestablishment of South Pacific bases until April 1946 . On the 24th , they departed Tutuila , Samoa , and headed via Pearl Harbor to San Diego , where they arrived on 31 May . On 18 June , the tug stood out of San Diego for the east coast . They transited the canal during the second week in July and arrived in New York on 24 July . A week later , they headed south and reported for duty at Mayport , Florida , on 22 August . For the next 16 months , they towed inactivated ships between Mayport , Charleston , South Carolina , and Savannah , Georgia . On 23 December 1947 , ATA-178 was placed out of commission and berthed with the Texas Group , Atlantic Reserve Fleet .
Reserve status and decommissioning
ATA-178 spent the remainder of their Navy career in reserve . On 16 July 1948 , they were named Tunica . After almost 14 years of inactivity , Tunica was transferred to the Maritime Administration in October 1961 for lay-up with the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Beaumont , Texas . Eleven months later , on 1 September 1962 , their name was struck from the Navy list . They were finally disposed of by the Maritime Administration sometime during fiscal year 1971 .
Service as salvage training hulk
Former USS Tunica was towed , along with three other vessels , from Beaumont , Texas to Pearl Harbor , Hawaii by USS Salvor between September and November 1986 . At Pearl Harbor , former Tunica served as a salvage training hulk for salvage ships stationed there . While serving in this role , they were towed , run aground and retracted , and cast adrift with fires burning on upper decks and within their tow-winch room .
The ship was finally disposed of in a SINKEX on or about 29 January 1999 .
References
External links
Sotoyomo-class tugs
Ships built in Orange , Texas
1944 ships
World War II auxiliary ships of the United States
Palm Beach Atlantic University ( PBA ) is a private Christian university in West Palm Beach , Florida . The university 's nine colleges focus on the liberal arts with a select collection of professional studies . In 2019 , its undergraduate enrollment was approximately 2,800 .
Founded in 1968 , the university grew out of a local Baptist church . It operated out of assorted buildings until the first purpose-built campus building was completed in 1982 . A subsidiary campus operates in Orlando . Eighteen sports teams represent the university in NCAA Division II competitions .
History
Palm Beach Atlantic University was the vision of and was founded by Jess C. Moody in 1968 while they were the pastor of First Baptist Church of West Palm Beach . They served until the first class graduated in 1972 and resigned from the presidency to focus on their duties at First Baptist Church . Two laypeople of the church , Donald Warren and Riley Sims , became involved as trustees before the university began and continued to contribute time and support for many years . Warren served as chairperson of the trustees for 38 years until 2007 .
In July 1972 , Warner E. Fusselle , previously president of Truett-McConnell College , became the second president of the university and led the accreditation process with the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools which was achieved in December 1972 .
George Borders , Vice President of Student Affairs at Stetson University , became the third president of Palm Beach Atlantic University in 1978 . They were popular with students and the Florida Baptist Convention . After their resignation in 1981 to become the president of the Florida Baptist Foundation , Claude H. Rhea became president . During their presidency , the university developed the Rinker campus and expanded its academic programs .
Paul R. Corts , previously president of Wingate College , was the fifth president of Palm Beach Atlantic . They presided over the addition of two graduate programs , from 1991 until 2002 . They resigned in 2002 to accept a position as Assistant Attorney General for Administration with the United States Department of Justice .
David W Clark , President of FamilyNet , and founding provost of Regent University became the sixth President in 2003 . During their presidency enrollment grew from 2,600 to 3,291 . Five new buildings were completed including the Warren Library , a mini campus in Wellington was built , and for a new athletic campus were acquired . The university budget grew from $ 43 million to $ 73 million . Over 4,600 or 40 percent of all degrees were awarded during their tenure . President Clark announced their retirement during the 2008–2009 academic year the end of June .
On July 1 , 2009 , Lu Hardin took office as the seventh president of Palm Beach Atlantic University . A former Arkansas state senator , Hardin had previously served as the president of the University of Central Arkansas . Hardin resigned the presidency of PBA on March 4 , 2011 , shortly before pleading guilty in federal court in Little Rock , Arkansas , to two federal felony charges ( wire fraud and money laundering ) which occurred during their tenure at UCA .
On March 10 , 2011 , William M. B . `` Bill '' Fleming , Jr. , the university 's vice president for development , was named interim president by the university 's board of trustees . After a nationwide search , Fleming , who had served as interim president for more than a year , was elected by the trustees as the university 's eighth president , beginning their presidency on May 8 , 2012 .
Campus
PBA 's campus is located in West Palm Beach . The first structure built specifically for PBA , the W.G . Lassiter Jr. Student Center , was completed in 1982 . This was followed by Johnson Hall and Sachs Hall in 1989 . A new campus was established in Orlando in 2002 and in Wellington in 2002 . The Wellington campus ceased operations in 2017 .
Residence halls include Oceanview Hall , Rinker Hall , Baxter Hall , Johnson Hall , Weyenberg Hall , Flagler Towers Apartments , Samaritan Gardens Apartments , Coastal Towers Apartments , Lakeview Apartments , and Mango Apartments .
Classroom buildings include the Vera Lea Rinker School of Music and Fine Arts , the Lloyd L. Gregory School of Pharmacy , Borbe Hall , MacArthur Hall , Rinker Hall , Pembroke Hall , Oceanview Hall , The Greene Complex for Sports and Recreation , and the Okeechobee Building .
A continuous building program has characterized the last decade of growth at Palm Beach Atlantic University . In January 2007 the first phase of the state-of-the-art . Warren Library was dedicated . The second phase was completed in December 2009 and is a total of . The building is named after Donald Warren , who served as the first chairperson of the board of trustees for 38 years . The university has an extension campus in Orlando offering adult and graduate degrees .
A permanent home for Sailfish athletics is in the form of a 78-acre Marshall and Vera Lea Rinker Athletic Campus at 3401 Parker Avenue in West Palm Beach — just a short drive from Palm Beach Atlantic University . The campus , located between I-95 and Parker Avenue just north of Southern Boulevard , provides facilities for training and hosting intercollegiate and intramural and club sport competitions . The facility opened in September 2014 and was completed in August 2017 .
The athletic campus includes lighted competition baseball , softball and soccer fields , an intramural softball field , Mitch Gornto Tennis Center with 12 match courts and one championship court . Outdoor basketball , racquetball and sand volleyball courts are to be completed at a later date .
Academics
Palm Beach Atlantic University offers more than 50 undergraduate and graduate programs through nine schools :
Rinker School of Business
School of Arts and Sciences
School of Communication and Media
School of Education and Behavioral Studies
MacArthur School of Leadership
School of Ministry
School of Music and Fine Arts
School of Nursing
Gregory School of Pharmacy
Frederick M. Supper Honors Program
The university offers an honors program through the Frederick M. Supper Honors Program . Students in this program read primary texts and take part in Socratic dialogue to understand the predominant and defining ideologies of the major historical epochs . The program seeks not only to provide a rigorous education in the liberal arts , but also to incorporate students into the Great Conversation among writers of the Western canon .
The Centers of Excellence
Palm Beach Atlantic University has five centers of excellence that provide opportunities for students to gain expertise in their given field .
Gregory Center for Medical Missions : The Gregory Center for Medical Missions collaborates with other medical mission organizations , works to develop best practices and trains individuals .
The LeMieux Center for Public Policy : Established by former senator George LeMieux in 2012 , The LeMieux Center provides opportunities for students to engage with state and national elected officials , journalists , authors and other notable leaders . The center also hosts a notable lecture series through the academic school year and manages a fellows program .
David and Leighan Rinker Center for Experiential Learning : The Center for Experiential Learning provides academic travel experiences for university students .
Center for Integrative Science Learning : The center works with local elementary , middle and high schools to incorporate scientific principles all grade levels .
The Titus Center for Franchising : Titus Center offers academic coursework , internships , job shadowing and training at area franchises , including the global headquarters of United Franchise Group in West Palm Beach , Florida . Dr. John P. Hayes is the center 's director .
Ministry life
Chapel is held four times weekly in the DeSantis Family Chapel , Monday through Thursday at 11 a.m. , as well as other times , dates and locations that are listed on the chapel calendar .
Chapel is a requirement for all full-time undergrad students . Students must attend 24 chapels per year .
`` Workship '' is the school 's community service program that seeks to `` respond to human needs with Faith-filled action in the community and throughout the world , '' with the intention that such community service might help students discern their vocation and develop a lifelong habit of servant leadership .
Mission Trips are offered yearly for students . Mission teams travel to countries all over the world and minister through evangelism , performing arts , street ministries , construction , medical outreach , sports workshops and more . The teams travel during the summer on a multi-week trip and on a one-week Spring Break trip .
Athletics
The Palm Beach Atlantic athletic teams are called the Sailfish . The school 's colors are navy blue and white . The university is a member of the NCAA Division II ranks , primarily competing in the Sunshine State Conference ( SSC ) since the 2015–16 academic year as a provisional member for most their sports ( achieving D-II full member status in 2016–17 ) ; while its men 's and women 's track & field teams compete as NCAA D-II Independents as the conference does not sponsor these sports . The Sailfish previously competed as an NCAA D-II Independent from 2003–04 to 2014–15 ; and in the Florida Sun Conference ( FSC ; now currently known as the Sun Conference since the 2008–09 school year ) of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics ( NAIA ) from 1990–91 to 2002–03 .
Palm Beach Atlantic competes in 18 intercollegiate varsity sports : Men 's sports include baseball , basketball , cross-country , golf , lacrosse , soccer , tennis and track & field ; while women 's sports include basketball , beach volleyball , cross-country , golf , lacrosse , soccer , softball , tennis , track & field and volleyball .
Facilities
The new Marshall and Vera Lea Rinker Athletic Campus has beach volleyball , soccer , lacrosse , baseball , softball , tennis , and running trails as well as a new state of the art weight and training rooms . The new building houses locker rooms , meeting rooms as well as athletic offices .
Notable alumni
Tenth Avenue North - Contemporary Christian music band
Lizbeth Benacquisto - Current member of the Florida Senate
Victoria Jackson - Actress and former Saturday Night Live cast member
Martin David Kiar - Broward County Property Appraiser
Ruthie Ann Miles - Broadway actor , 2015 Tony Award winner for The King & I
Jennifer Rothschild - Author and speaker
Susan Sherouse - American violinist
Priscilla Taylor - Current member of the Florida House of Representatives
Brian Mast ( attended ) - Current member , U.S. House of Representatives
References
External links
Official athletics website
Educational institutions established in 1968
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Buildings and structures in West Palm Beach , Florida
Universities and colleges in Palm Beach County , Florida
Evangelicalism in Florida
1968 establishments in Florida
Council for Christian Colleges and Universities
Private universities and colleges in Florida
Jokahri is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar , India . As of 2011 , its population was 1,362 , in 260 households .
Notable People
Pawan Singh , Popular bhojpuri actor & singer .
References
Villages in Bhojpur district , India
Henry William Buse Jr. ( April 12 , 1912 – October 18 , 1988 ) was a lieutenant general in the United States Marine Corps . They were Chief of Staff , Headquarters Marine Corps and later commanding general of the Fleet Marine Force Pacific . Following their retirement from the Marine Corps , Buse served as assistant to three former presidents of the U.S. Olympic Committee .
Early years
Henry W. Buse Jr. was born on April 10 , 1912 , in Ridley Park , Pennsylvania as the son of Mayor of Ridley Park and employee of Remington Rand , Henry W. Buse and Clara Estelle Tichenor . They graduated from the local high school in summer of 1929 and enrolled at Severn Preparatory school , a preparatory school for the Naval Academy , where they spent one year , before they were admitted to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland , in June 1930 . They spent the next four years at Annapolis and graduated on May 31 , 1934 . Buse was commissioned a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps on the same date and sent to the Basic School at Philadelphia Navy Yard for an officers course . After they completed the course in April 1935 , they were attached to the Marine detachment aboard the cruiser USS Oklahoma and spent the following year on sea duty .
In June 1936 , Buse was transferred to Marine Barracks Quantico , Virginia , for duty with the 1st Marine Brigade , Fleet Marine Force and remained there until March 1937 . They were subsequently ordered to the Marine barracks within Naval Station Pearl Harbor and promoted to first lieutenant in July 1937 .
World War II
In September 1939 , Buse has been sent to the Army Infantry School at Fort Benning , Georgia , which they completed in February 1940 . They were subsequently ordered back to Marine Barracks Quantico and assigned as company commander to the 5th Marine Regiment under Colonel Charles D. Barrett . Buse was promoted to captain in July 1940 and sailed with their regiment , attached to the 1st Brigade , to Guantánamo , Cuba , two months later .
While in Cuba , Buse was appointed commander of the 1st Division 's Scout Company and subsequently returned to Quantico in April 1941 . Following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941 , the 1st Marine Division began preparing for combat deployment . Buse was transferred to the 1st Tank Battalion as its executive officer in April 1942 and promoted to the rank of major one month later . The 1st Marine Division under Major General Alexander Vandegrift was subsequently ordered to the South Pacific Area in June 1942 and following arrival at Wellington , New Zealand , Buse was transferred to the staff of the division as assistant operations officer .
Major Buse participated in the landing on Guadalcanal in August 1942 and following its capture , they took part in the island 's defense . For their service during the Guadalcanal campaign , they were decorated with the Bronze Star Medal with Combat `` V '' .
Buse was promoted to lieutenant colonel in April 1943 and subsequently participated in the Battle of Cape Gloucester in December 1943 . During the same battle , in January 1944 , they took temporary command of the 3rd Battalion , 7th Marines . The 3rd Battalion was trying to capture heavily fortified Hill 660 , but its advance was halted by the enemy machine gun fire . Buse assumed command of the battalion on January 8 , 1944 , and led their unit to the victory , capturing the strategic objectives of the operation with a minimum of casualties on their side . For their excellent leadership and gallantry in action , they were decorated with the Silver Star .
Buse remained with the 3rd Battalion until February 20 , when they were transferred to the 5th Marine Regiment as its executive officer . When the regimental commander , Colonel Oliver P. Smith , was promoted to division assistant commander , Buse assumed temporary command of the regiment on April 10 , 1944 . They led the 5th Marines during the final phase of the Cape Gloucester campaign and subsequently received their second Bronze Star Medal for the securing of the village of Talasea .
Buse was succeeded by Colonel William S. Fellers and after two months of service with the 5th Marine Regiment , they were ordered back to the United States in July 1944 . They were transferred to Washington , D.C. , and assigned to Headquarters Marine Corps , where they were appointed executive officer of the Plans and Operations Section .
Later career
In July 1946 , Buse was ordered to Japan to serve as regimental combat team instructor within Troop Training Unit , Amphibious Training Command . They subsequently participated in the amphibious training of 8th Army units . Buse was transferred to Pearl Harbor in February 1947 and appointed assistant chief of staff for logistics within Fleet Marine Force Pacific under Lieutenant General Allen H. Turnage .
Buse returned to the States in February 1949 and subsequently attended the Armed Forces Staff College in Norfolk , Virginia . Upon their graduation in June 1949 , they were transferred to the Marine Corps Schools in Quantico , Virginia , and appointed commanding officer of the 22nd Marine Regiment , which served as the training unit for new Marine Corps officers at the Basic School . The 22nd Marines were inactivated at the beginning of October 1949 and its troops were incorporated into the School Troops . Buse was promoted to the rank of colonel on the same time and appointed commanding officer of the School Troops . They remained at Quantico and later commanded the Special Training Regiment stationed there .
Colonel Buse was transferred to Camp Lejeune in September 1950 and assumed command of the 6th Marine Regiment stationed there . The 6th Marines were attached to the 2nd Marine Division and Buse was transferred to the divisional staff and appointed assistant chief of staff for operations and training .
At the end of September 1952 , Buse was ordered to Korea and assigned to the staff of the 1st Marine Division under Major General Edwin A. Pollock . Buse subsequently succeeded Colonel Austin R. Brunelli as Division Chief of Staff on October 11 and later participated in the defense of the western front . Buse participated in the battles of the Samichon River and Outpost Vegas . For their service in this capacity , they were decorated with the Legion of Merit with Combat `` V '' .
Buse was replaced by Colonel Lewis W. Walt on June 14 , 1953 , and transferred back to the United States the following month . Their next assignment was again with the Plans and Operations Section at Headquarters Marine Corps . In July 1954 , Major General Edwin A. Pollock was appointed commanding general of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island , South Carolina and , aware of Buse 's skills as an staff officer , chose them as their chief of staff .
Buse worked with Pollock for the next three years . When General Pollock was appointed Commanding General Fleet Marine Force Pacific on Hawaii at the beginning of August 1956 , Buse followed them as their chief of staff . When Pollock was transferred to Naval Station Norfolk , Virginia as Commanding General Fleet Marine Force Atlantic in December 1957 , Buse went with him , again as their chief of staff . While in this capacity , they were promoted to the rank of brigadier general in August 1958 .
Buse was transferred to Washington , D.C. , during the following month and appointed Marine Corps liaison officer in the office of the Vice Chief of Naval Operations under Admiral James S. Russell . They were transferred to Headquarters Marine Corps in September 1961 and appointed assistant chief of staff for plans and operations . Buse succeeded Brigadier General Sidney S. Wade , while Wade was assigned to the office of the Vice Chief of Naval Operations as Marine Corps liaison officer .
Buse was transferred to Okinawa and assumed command of the 3rd Marine Division at the beginning of June 1962 . As the senior Marine commander in the Western Pacific area , they were designated commander of Task Force 79 , the amphibious striking army of the U.S . Seventh Fleet . While in this position , Buse was promoted to the rank of major general on July 1 , 1962 .
This duty ended at the beginning of May 1963 , when Buse was ordered back to Washington , D.C. , where they were appointed deputy chief of staff for plans and programs in the office of the Commandant of the Marine Corps , General Wallace M. Greene . This post was upgraded by President Lyndon B. Johnson and Buse was promoted to the rank of lieutenant general on December 29 , 1964 . They later received their second Legion of Merit .
At the beginning of July 1967 , Buse was appointed chief of staff , Headquarters Marine Corps . However this assignment lasted until May 31 , 1968 , when they received the Navy Distinguished Service Medal for their service in this capacity and was transferred to Hawaii .
There they were appointed Commanding General Fleet Marine Force Pacific , in charge of all Marine units in the Pacific . They frequently visited the combat zone in Vietnam and always moved immediately to forward areas to assess operational requirements , investigate problem areas , and encourage and assist their Marines in every way possible . Under Lieutenant General Buse 's dynamic leadership , Marine infantry units were reorganized into well-coordinated , mobile elements , the command 's electronic warfare operational capability increased to a degree unparalleled in Marine aviation history , and numerous major amphibious operations were planned and executed with tremendous success .
Buse was relieved by General William K. Jones on July 1 , 1970 , and subsequently retired from the military service . They distinguished themselves in their last assignment and received their second Navy Distinguished Service Medal .
Retirement
Following their retirement from the Marine Corps , Buse served on the U.S. Olympic Committee , where they were on the executive committee and later was secretary and also assistant to three former presidents of the committee . They then settled in Severna Park , Maryland , and served there as member of the school board . Buse was also a member of the Naval Academy Alumni Association and Naval Academy Chapel .
Henry W. Buse died on October 18 , 1988 , at their home in Severna Park , Maryland . They are buried at United States Naval Academy Cemetery together with their wife , Dorothy Snow Buse ( 1914–2012 ) . They had a daughter , Barbara , and a son , Henry W. Buse III , who also served in the Marine Corps and retired as a colonel .
Decorations
Here is the ribbon bar of Lieutenant General Henry William Buse , Jr. :
References
1912 births
1988 deaths
People from Ridley Park , Pennsylvania
People from Severna Park , Maryland
United States Naval Academy alumni
Joint Forces Staff College alumni
United States Marine Corps generals
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
United States Marine Corps personnel of the Korean War
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Knights of the Order of Orange-Nassau
Recipients of the National Order of Vietnam
Burials at the United States Naval Academy Cemetery
Military personnel from Pennsylvania
The 1954–55 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 44th since its establishment .
League table
References
1954–55 Hong Kong First Division table ( RSSSF )
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
Hong
football
Outbreak response or outbreak control measures are acts which attempt to minimize the spread of or effects of a disease outbreak . Outbreak response includes aspects of general disease control such as maintaining adequate hygiene , but may also include responses that extend beyond traditional healthcare settings and are unique to an outbreak , such as physical distancing , contact tracing , mapping of disease clusters , or quarantine . Some measures such as isolation are also useful in preventing an outbreak from occurring in the first place .
Epidemic response or pandemic response is when outbreak response are used within a disease outbreak that has been classified as an epidemic or pandemic .
Outbreak response is normally conducted by teams , which include infection control physicians , epidemiologists , infectious disease specialists and a number of other specialties . Mathematics and mathematicians are often involved in constructing models of disease spread .
Strategies
The basic strategies in the control of an outbreak are containment and mitigation . Containment may be undertaken in the early stages of the outbreak , including contact tracing and isolating infected individuals to stop the disease from being spread to the rest of the population , other public health interventions on infection control , and therapeutic countermeasures such as vaccinations which may be effective if available . When it becomes apparent that it is no longer possible to contain the spread of the disease , it will then move on to the mitigation stage , when measures are taken to slow the spread of disease and mitigate its effects on the health care system and society . In reality , a combination of both containment and mitigation measures may be undertaken at the same time to control an outbreak .
A key part of managing an infectious disease outbreak is trying to decrease the epidemic peak , known as flattening the epidemic curve . This helps decrease the risk of health services being overwhelmed and providing more time for a vaccine and treatment to be developed . Non-pharmaceutical interventions may be taken to manage the outbreak ; for example in a flu pandemic , these actions may include personal preventive measures such as hand hygiene , wearing face-masks and self-quarantine ; community measures aimed at social distancing such as closing schools and cancelling mass gathering events ; community engagement to encourage acceptance and participation in such interventions ; as well as environmental measures such as cleaning of surfaces .
Another strategy , suppression , requires more extreme long-term non-pharmaceutical interventions so as to reverse the pandemic by reducing the basic reproduction number to less than 1 . The suppression strategy , which include stringent population-wide social distancing , home isolation of cases and household quarantine , was undertaken by China during the COVID-19 pandemic where entire cities were placed under lockdown , but such strategy carries with it considerable social and economic costs .
See also
Mathematical modelling of infectious disease
References
Sources
https : //odh.ohio.gov/wps/portal/gov/odh/know-our-programs/outbreak-response-bioterrorism-investigation-team
Responses to the COVID-19 pandemic
Schreiter is a German surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Ida Schreiter ( 1912–1948 ) , German labor department warden
Johannes Schreiter ( b . 1930 ) , German graphic artist
Katrin Schreiter ( b . 1969 ) , German sprinter
See also
Schreider
German-language surnames
Esperanza Catalina Pérez de Labrador ( 1922 – November 13 , 2011 ) was a Cuban-born Argentine human rights activist and leading member of the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo . Labrador began their advocacy on behalf of victims of the Dirty War after their husband , Victor Labrador , and their son , 28-year-old Palmiro , were killed in the Dirty War during the 1970s . Another son , Miguel , disappeared and was never seen again .
Esperanza Pérez Labrador was born in Camagüey , Cuba , to Spanish parents . their mother died during while giving birth and their father , unable to take care of her , gave them up to a Cuban family , the Mestrils . Despite objections from the Mestrils and Esperanza Pérez , their father regained custody of their seven years later . They moved with their father to Spain and then immigrated to Argentina in 1950 . They married a Spanish husband , Víctor Labrador .
Miguel Ángel Labrador , their 25-year-old the youngest son , left home on September 13 , 1976 , towards the beginning of the Dirty War , and was never seen again . Just two months later , Labrador 's husband , Víctor , their 28-year-old son , Palmiro Labrador , and their friend , Edith Graciela Koatz , were killed on November 10 , 1976 .
Devastated , but determined to find out what happened to their family , Esperanza Perez Labrador held a vigil outside the headquarters of General Leopoldo Galtieri , who commanded government sponsored death squads . At one point , Labrador grabbed Galtieri 's uniform and publicly shouted `` ¡Asesino , criminal ! '' to him . The actions of Labrador reportedly prompted Spanish judge Baltasar Garzón to open a criminal case against perpetrated of the Dirty War and the Argentinian dictatorship in 1996 .
Esperanza Pérez Labrador moved to Madrid , Spain , where they lived with their daughter , Manoli . They died in Madrid on November 13 , 2011 , at the age 89 .
References
1922 births
2011 deaths
Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo
Cuban emigrants to Argentina
People from Camagüey
People from Madrid
Roger Wills Hosen ( 12 June 1933 – 9 April 2005 ) was an England rugby union player and cricketer .
Early life
They were born in Mabe and they first played rugby for Penryn while still at Falmouth Grammar School . They were an all round sportsman , who won ten England international rugby caps during 1963–67 , played 54 games for Cornwall and also captained their county cricket team .
Rugby International
In 1955 Roger Hosen moved to Northampton , to teach at the grammar school , and was recruited to Northampton Saints . They played 250 games for the Saints , and scored 1,463 points . They were also taught games at Warwick School in the late 1950s and early 60s .
In their one full season for England , Hosen established a record of forty-six points from five games . Their England debut was made in New Zealand in 1963 . They scored in all but one of their internationals , their highest scoring games being their last two , against Scotland and Wales in 1967 . Their preferred position was full back , but the competition provided by John Willcox and Don Rutherford confined Hosen to ten caps in 1963–67 , of which seven were on the wing . They also played twice for the Barbarian F. C .
Cornwall rugby and cricket
Hosen also played rugby 54 times for Cornwall , as well as also appearing 64 times for Cornwall in the Minor Counties cricket competition . They were a right hand bat and right arm pace bowler and they captained the county team from 1963 to 1967 making 1,444 runs , with the highest score of 100 not out . They played one first-class match when selected for the Minor Counties XI against the South African tourists in 1965 at Jesmond where they dismissed the South African skipper Peter van der Merwe lbw for 8 which was their only first-class wicket . They were dismissed by Test left arm spinner Atholl McKinnon in both of their first-class innings for 0 & 2 respectively .
Retirement
Roger Hosen then became master in charge of rugby at Cheltenham College in 1966 and subsequently , to cope with timetable clashes , they moved to Bristol . In the 1980s they retired from teaching and became landlord of the Seven Stars pub in Stithians , still turning out well into their fifties for the local rugby club .
They died in Truro on 9 April 2005 aged 72 .
References
1933 births
2005 deaths
Barbarian F.C . players
Bristol Bears players
Cornish rugby union players
Cornwall cricketers
England international rugby union players
English cricketers
Loughborough Students RUFC players
Minor Counties cricketers
Northampton Saints players
People educated at Falmouth Grammar School
People from Mabe , Cornwall
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union wings
Malmberget ( `` The Ore Mountain '' , Finnish and Meänkieli : Malmivaara ) is a locality and mining town situated in Gällivare Municipality , Norrbotten County , Sweden . It had 5,590 inhabitants in 2010 , reduced to 927 by December 2020 . It is situated 5 kilometres from the municipal seat of Gällivare .
The entire Malmberget town was moved in 2020/2021 due to mining activities in the area .
Malmberget is known as a major site for the extraction of iron ore from deep mines by Swedish mining company LKAB . Iron ore mining started in 1741 at Illuvaara mountain , later known as Gällivare Malmberg and eventually just Malmberget . The first train transporting iron ore was loaded in 1888 - the beginning of the great iron ore rush that would change the entire area of Northern Lapland . In Malmberget there was plentiful employment , but no dwellings - a striking resemblance to the conditions during some of the gold rushes in North America . During the first years , workers lived in shacks built from waste dynamite crates .
In the centre of Malmberget , the deep mine has reached daylight and created a large hole called Kaptensgropen ( `` The Captain 's Pit '' ) . In March 2012 , Kaptensgropen was joined with a new pit resulting from the planned sub-level caving of the Fabian deposit , and has grown southwards as the deep mining continues , dividing the town and making the old town centre uninhabitable , forcing many institutions , such as two cinemas and a church , to moved to the western part of Malmberget or , even more commonly , to the neighbouring town of Gällivare .
Today Kaptensgropen is being back-filled with waste rock produced by the underground mines . Kaptensgropen will eventually be filled in , but the uninhabitable area is continually growing as underground mining undermines the area and seismic events caused by the mining regularly shake the remaining parts of Malmberget . The future of Malmberget was for a long time uncertain , but exploration by LKAB indicated that even more of Malmberget may need to be moved in the future . The moving of several large residential houses owned by the mining company , as well as private villas , has been a major issue locally for the past few years .
The iron ore extracted from Malmberget is transported by rail southeast to the port of Luleå .
Sports
Malmberget 's largest sports association is named Malmbergets AIF|Malmbergets allmänna idrottsförening ( MAIF ) which has an athletic tradition spanning more than a hundred years . MAIF 's colors are green and white .
The local football club is Gällivare Malmbergets FF .
See also
Malmberget mine
Swedish iron ore during World War II
References
Populated places in Gällivare Municipality
Lapland ( Sweden )
Populated places in Arctic Sweden
The BMW 270 , also known as the BMW F270 , is an open-wheel Formula 2 race car . It was designed , developed and built by BMW to participate in the 1970 Formula 2 European Championships .
Racing history
BMW , evolving the previous 269 , provided its drivers with a very competitive car , which despite not succeeding in ousting the dominance of the Cosworth-powered single-seaters , achieved two victories and high-level results in the 1970 Formula 2 European Championship , before retiring . of the Bavarian stable from the competition . Flanked by the previous BMW 269 , on its debut at Thruxton the car , driven by the well-known Jacky Ickx , immediately went to the points . In the untitled Grand Prix of Rouen , Siffert also obtained the first victory for the car , which at The Mediterranean Grand Prix will always be placed with Siffert in second place and with Ickx in the third position , after the Belgian also obtained the pole position and the fastest lap . The latter also , in the double Austrian trip , will win both the untitled Grand Prix in Salzburg and the regular race in Tulln . After a series of retirements , the car driven by Dieter Quester will also manage to win the Grand Prix of Baden-Württemberg - Hesse at Hockenheim , which race will also mark the last disputed by the BMW manufacturer in Formula 2 . However , the last race where the 270 ran was on November 29 , when Dieter Quester won the 1970 Macau Grand Prix by also marking the fastest lap .
References
Formula Two cars
BMW racing cars
BMW in motorsport
Souvenirs d'enfance ( `` Souvenirs of infancy '' , `` Childhood memories '' ) is a series of autobiographical novels by French filmmaker and académicien , Marcel Pagnol ( 1895–1974 ) . Souvenirs d'enfance comprises four volumes covering the years from their birth in 1895 to about 1910 , which were spent in Marseille , with family summer holidays in La Treille , about ten kilometres ( six miles ) away . The four volumes in order are La Gloire de mon père ( `` My Father 's Glory '' ) ; Le Château de ma mère ( `` My Mother 's Castle '' ) ; Le Temps des secrets ( `` The Time of Secrets '' ) ; and Le Temps des amours ( `` The Time of Love '' ) . The first two were published in 1957 , the third in 1960 , and the fourth , which was unfinished , was published posthumously in 1977 . The first two were made into films , directed by Yves Robert .
Notes and references
Filmography
My Father 's Glory ( 1990 )
My Mother 's Castle ( 1990 )
1957 novels
1960 novels
1977 novels
20th-century French novels
French autobiographical novels
Marcel Pagnol
Novels published posthumously
Novel series
French novels adapted into films
Pink Cream 69 is a German hard rock/heavy metal band founded in 1987 in Karlsruhe by Andi Deris , Dennis Ward , Kosta Zafiriou and Alfred Koffler . The band gained their first contract by winning music magazine Metal Hammers newcomer competition in Ludwigsburg one year after forming . In 1994 , Andi Deris left the band to join German power metal band Helloween . They were replaced by British singer David Readman in August 1994 .
The band , often referred to as The Pinkies , became a five-piece in 2003 , when Uwe Reitenauer was hired to support neuropathic guitar player Alfred Koffler .
On 5 March 2012 it was announced that drummer Kosta Zafiriou had left the band , due to their various activities as a manager at the company Bottom Row and as the drummer and manager of the new band Unisonic , which also features Dennis Ward . They were replaced by the band 's good friend and longtime drum tech Chris Schmidt , who has previously played with Sunstorm ( along with Dennis Ward and Uwe Reitenauer ) , Harry Hess ' First Signal and more .
On 2019 and 2020 , respectively , bassist Dennis Ward and guitarist Uwe Reitenauer announced their departure from the band . They were soon replaced by Roman Beselt ( Sons of Sounds ) and Marco Wriedt ( 21 Octayne , Arc of Light , Axxis ) .
Members
Current members
Alfred Koffler – guitars , backing vocals ( 1987–present )
David Readman – lead vocals ( 1994–present )
Chris Schmidt – drums ( 2012–present )
Marco Wriedt – guitar ( 2020–present )
Roman Beselt – bass ( 2020–present )
Past members
Dennis Ward – bass , keyboards , backing vocals ( 1987–2019 )
Andi Deris – lead vocals , guitars ( 1987–1994 )
Kosta Zafiriou – drums , backing vocals ( 1987–2012 )
Uwe Reitenauer – guitars , backing vocals ( 2003–2020 )
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
1989 : Pink Cream 69
1991 : One Size Fits All
1993 : Games People Play
1995 : Change
1997 : Food for Thought
1998 : Electrified
2000 : Sonic Dynamite
2001 : Endangered
2004 : Thunderdome
2007 : In10sity
2013 : Ceremonial
2017 : Headstrong
Live albums
1997 : Live
2009 : Live in Karlsruhe
EPs
1991 : 49°/8°
1991 : 36°/140°
2000 : Mixery ( EP )
DVD
2009 : Pink Cream 69 – Past & Present
References
External links
1987 establishments in Germany
Epic Records artists
German hard rock musical groups
German heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1987
Musical quartets
Frontier Records artists
Massacre Records artists
John Ingram was a settler in colonial Virginia who lived the settlement of Jamestown and became a member of Nathaniel Bacon 's Rebellion . They took the lead of the rebellion after Sir Nathaniel Bacon died from dysentery . The members of the rebellion consisted of 300-500 mostly indentured servants , but included a number of Black slaves . They had been upset at the treaty of 1646 , which ended the Third Anglo-Powhatan War . The rebellion occurred throughout 1676 , and resulted in Bacon 's forces burning much of Jamestown to the ground .
Early life
John Ingram Jr. was born sometime before 1644 in Northumberland County , Virginia . Their father was John Ingram Sir . and their mother , Jane Ingram . Their siblings were Elizabeth Ingram , Thomas Ingram , and Jane Ingram .
Bacon 's Rebellion
Background
The first of the Anglo-Powhatan Wars occurred from 1610 to 1614 , starting after a raid from the Virginian settlers killed dozens of Powhatan . In 1622 , the second Anglo-Powhatan War broke out when the Powhatan attacked Jamestown and killed 347 settlers , roughly 30 % of the settlement 's population at the time . In 1644 , the Powhatan attacked Jamestown in the same method as the 1622 attack . They killed 400 settlers , about 10 % of Jamestown 's population at the time , which started the third Anglo-Powhatan War .
In 1646 , Governor William Berkeley signed a peace treaty with the Powhatan . Indentured servants had been promised that after years of hard work , they would be given 100 acres of land . John Ingram themselves was an indentured servant . However , this land would be Powhatan territory . The Peace Treaty of 1646 ended these promises towards the indentured servants in order to avoid conflicts with the Powhatan , whose lands they would have occupied .
Bacon 's Rebellion
In 1676 , John Ingram joined 300–500 men under the leadership of Sir Nathaniel Bacon in a rebellion against the local government . In `` The Declaration of the People , '' Bacon accused Governor Berkeley of being nepotistic and demanded a military commission to fight Native tribes . Despite a peace treaty , the rebels attacked Native American villages .
On September 19 , members of the rebellion burned Jamestown to the ground , but Governor Berkeley was able to flee . Bacon caught dysentery and died from it on October 26 , 1676 . As second in command , John Ingram took over leadership of the rebellion , but it soon collapsed , as a Royal Navy squadron arrived to Jamestown and restored order .
Aftermath
Berkeley returned to Jamestown soon after . They ordered the hanging of 23 leading members of the rebellion . It is not known when Ingram died , but most likely , they were one of the men who was hanged .
References
Year of birth uncertain
Military history of the Thirteen Colonies
American people of English descent
Colony of Virginia
The Kolombangara white-eye or hermit white-eye ( Zosterops murphyi ) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is endemic to the Solomon Islands .
References
Kolombangara white-eye
Birds of Kolombangara
Kolombangara white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Chilean flicker ( Colaptes pitius ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae .
It is found in Argentina and Chile .
Its natural habitats are temperate forests , subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland , and heavily degraded former forest .
References
External links
Aves de Chile : Chilean flicker - Description and photos
Chilean flicker
Birds of Chile
Birds of the Southern Andes
Chilean flicker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Debra D. Peppers ( born c. 1951 ) , Ph.D. , is an educator , motivational speaker , television host on WTJR and radio co-host on KJSL/KYFI .
They were educated at the University of Alabama ( 1973 , BA English/speech communication ) and
Webster University ( 1986 , MA Education ) .
Debra Peppers taught English language , theater production , and dramatic arts at a suburban St. Louis public school for many years .
In 1999 , Peppers was one of five teachers inducted into the National Teachers Hall of Fame , and in 2006 was inducted into the Midwest Hall of Fame . They are on the adjunct faculty at Webster University where they were the 2000 Outstanding Alumna . A member of the National Speakers Association , Peppers has traveled to all 50 states and 55 foreign countries .
Peppers frequently co-hosts the weekly radio program Quest for Character with Mike Dunn on KYFI AM 630 . The program airs live on Tuesday night at 8pm and is notable for having multi-talented guests and national personalities . Them television program , Outreach Connection , airs at 7:00 Pm Tuesday evenings .
Debra hosted the longest running live radio program on KJSL from 1996 through May 2006 titled `` Talk from the Heart '' a two-hour call-in interactive radio program with uplifting Christian topics . The program was produced by current KJSL Producer Pat Knox who was the lead producer for the program from July 2002 to May 2006 . Pat now produces the God and Country theme as well as other station programming .
In January 2009 , Debra Peppers Television Program `` Outreach Connection '' produced and aired their 100th episode on WTJR In Quincy , Illinois on affiliated Christian Television Network .
In February 2011 , Debra Peppers Television Program `` Outreach Connection '' produced and aired their 200th episode on WTJR In Quincy , Illinois on affiliated Christian Television Network .
References
External links
Radio station website
NTHF biography
Living people
1950s births
American educators
American radio personalities
American television talk show hosts
University of Alabama alumni
Jean-Louis Tixier-Vignancour ( 12 October 1907 – 29 September 1989 ) was a French lawyer and far-right politician . Elected to the National Assembly in 1936 , they initially collaborated with the Vichy regime before leaving for Tunisia in 1941 . After a military court declared Tixier-Vignancour ineligible to hold public office for ten years for their early WWII activities , they joined the nationalist group Jeune Nation but left in 1954 , opposed to their use of violence . They were re-elected to the Assembly in 1956 , but lost their seat during the first legislative elections of the Fifth Republic .
Tixier-Vignancour was a candidate during the 1965 French presidential election , with Jean-Marie Le Pen as a campaign director , and received 5.2 % of the votes , the biggest result for a far-right candidate since the war . They had also served as a lawyer for Louis-Ferdinand Céline in 1948 , and for Raoul Salan during the 1962 OAS trials . In their later life , they became known as the main instigator in the in 1973 , and as a spokesperson for the far-right Party of New Forces in the late 1970s . Jean-Louis Tixier-Vignancour died on 17 September 1989 at 81 .
Biography
Family and education ( 1907–1935 )
Jean-Louis Tixier was born on 12 October 1907 in Paris , the son of Léon Tixier , a doctor , and Andrée Vignancour . Their maternal grand-father , Louis Vignancour , had been a member of parliament and senator .
Tixier-Vignancour earned a degree in law in 1926 and the following year qualified as a barrister at the Paris Court of Appeal . They were an activist in the youth wing of the royalist movement Action Française , the Camelots du Roi . They took part in the anti-parliamentary riots of 6 February 1934 .
Parliament , WWII and trial ( 1936–1952 )
Tixier-Vignancour entered politics and defeated the independent leftist Georges Moutet in the French legislative election of the department of Basses-Pyrénées in May 1936 . Their election was however declared non-valid after suspicions of fraud . Tixier-Vignancour was eventually re-elected on 27 September 1936 . They were part of a parliamentary group which traveled to Spain to congratulate Francisco Franco on their fight against the Spanish Popular Front . Tixier-Vignancour married Janine Auriol in January 1938 , the daughter of a lawyer and member of parliament for Haute-Garonne .
Enlisted in the army in 1939 , they took part in fights near Beuvraignes during the Battle of France in 1940 , before voting for the law that gave full powers ( pleins pouvoirs ) to Philippe Pétain on July , 10 of the same year . On 6 October 1940 , in charge of `` applying the instructions of the armistice commission '' , they confirmed the interdiction of movies like The Great Illusion or Entente cordiale , accused of `` incitement to hatred against Germany '' . Tixier-Vignancour served as the under-Secretary of State for Information under Nazi-collaborationist Vichy France and as director of Pétain 's `` Propaganda Committee '' . As the head of Radio-Vichy , they offered a large broadcast time to collaborationist Marcel Déat .
On 20 July 1941 , they were interned in Vals-les-Bains after they resigned from the Vichy regime over its increasingly pro-collaborationist stance , but was freed by highly-placed friends and in December moved to Tunisia . In early November 1942 , the Allies invaded the German-occupied Maghreb during Operation Torch , and Tixier-Vignancour was interned by the German authorities for their links to the resistance . They were released following the ejection of the Axis powers from North Africa by the Allies in May 1943 . After their liberation , Tixier-Vignancour joined the French Expeditionary Corps in Italy as a lieutenant but was recalled to Tunis in January 1944 and placed under house arrest by senior offices suspicious of their previous activities in the Vichy government . Released in April they joined an Anglo-French unit before being arrested again on account of their collaborationist past and eventually being imprisoned in Paris by the French Committee of National Liberation before being cleared of the worst charges of collaboration in October 1945 but being declared ineligible to hold public office for ten years on 4 December 1945 .
In 1948 , Tixier-Vignancour became the lawyer of French novelist Louis-Ferdinand Céline , accused of `` collaboration with the enemy '' for their antisemitic and pro-occupation writings . They obtained Céline 's amnesty on 26 April 1951 , after they presented their client under their real name , Louis-Ferdinand Destouches , with no judge able to draw a relationship between Destouches and their pen name , Céline . While waiting for their electoral ban period to end , Tixier-Vignancou joined the neo-fascist party Jeune Nation soon after its creation in 1949 . They helped Maurice Bardèche establish the magazine Défense de l'Occident ( an important arena for the discussion of right-wing ideas and Holocaust denial text ) and the neo-fascist coalition European Social Movement in 1951-52 .
Amnesty and Algerian war ( 1953–1962 )
Tixier-Vignancour was granted amnesty in 1953 and became once again able to run for public office . Opposing the use of street violence promoted by Jeune Nation , they left the group to found their own party with Bardèche in May 1954 : the Rassemblement National Français .
Re-elected in the department of Basses-Pyrénées , Tixier-Vignancour served as a Non-Inscrit ( `` non-attached member '' ) in the National Assembly between January 1956 and December 1958 , where they allied themselves with the Poujadists . Following the May 1958 crisis and the return of Charles de Gaulle to power , they refused to vote a law that would temporarily authorize the president to revise the constitution until a referendum occurs on a new one . Tixier-Vignancour declared ironically in parliament : `` I would never have thought that , twice in my life , I will be asked to delegate the fraction of constituting power I held , and—even better—never would I have imagined that , for the second time , the man who asks for it will be the very same man who punished me for having delegated this power a first time . '' The Fifth Republic was eventually established on 4 October 1958 , approved by 82 % of the French in September . On 30 November 1958 , Tixier-Vignancour lost their siege to a Radical candidate in the first legislative elections of the new regime . After the dissolution of Jeune Nation by official decree earlier that year , they wrote articles for the group 's magazine , launched on 5 July 1958 as an attempt to revive the banned movement .
Opposed to decolonization and independence during the Algerian war ( 1954-1962 ) , Tixier-Vignancour was , along with Jean-Marie Le Pen , one of the founders of the National Front for French Algeria ( Front National pour l'Algérie Française ) in July 1960 . As a lawyer , they defended Raoul Salan in 1962 , the founder of the pro-colonial paramilitary organization OAS and one of the four generals who directed the Algiers putsch of 1961 . Salan was spared the death penalty and instead condemned to prison . Tixier-Vignancour 's defense credited for `` saving Salan 's neck '' , this event boosted their standing among nationalists . They served also as a defense counsel for colonel Jean Bastien-Thiry , executed for attempting to assassinate Charles de Gaulle during the of August 1962 .
Presidential campaign ( 1963–65 )
In November 1963 , Tixier-Vignancour publicly announced their candidacy for the 1965 presidential election , presenting themselves as the `` militant of all the nationalist parties whichever they may be '' . On 17 July 1964 , they established the `` Tixier-Vignancour committees '' ( comités T.V . ) , a grassroots movement to support their candidacy for president the following year , with Jean-Marie Le Pen as a campaign director . Some 80 local `` comités T.V . '' were set up throughout France and the Comité Jeunes ( `` Youth Committee '' ) , directed by Roger Holeindre and supported by the group Occident , quickly attracted several hundred members . The first meeting in Paris gathered some 4,000 militants and led to violent clashes between the Occident and the police . After a disagreement between Le Pen and Occident 's founder Pierre Sidos , the movement was replaced with Dominique Venner 's Europe-Action volunteers , despite their own initial skepticism regarding Tixier-Vignancour 's candidacy .
Tixier-Vignancour managed to rally diverse leanings that existed within the far-right , all united against Gaullism : the young revolutionaries of the Occident and Europe-Action were present , along with `` those nostalgic for Vichy , descendants of Action Française , fundamentalist Catholics , Algérie française ultras , the residue of Poujadism , embryonic fascists , and representatives of the liberal right '' . Despite their conservative stance , the then president Charles de Gaulle embodied in their eyes `` ‘ the loss of Algeria , the end of the Empire , the weakening of the army , and closer ties with the communist world . '' At the height of the campaign , Le Pen and Tixier-Vignancour even went to London to meet members of the British Conservative Party and potentially use it as an example for a new conservative-nationalist party in France .
Tixier-Vignancour 's movement participated in the municipal elections of March 1965 and received 9.6 % of the votes in Paris . This encouraging result was followed , in the summer of 1965 , by poll predictions crediting Tixier-Vignancour with 19 % of the presidential vote . The latter began to imagine a first-round score of up to 25 % , and a victory in the second round . Acting as if they were already president , Tixier-Vignancour traveled during the campaign to Saigon , Bonn , Rome and London . They abandoned their radical far-right rhetoric to court the moderate right , their campaign managers labeling them the `` national and liberal opposition '' against the extremist Charles de Gaulle . A former Vichy collaborator , Tixier-Vignancour yet invoked the name of French WWII resister Jean Moulin to serve their campaign . Despite this calculated attempts at moderating their positions , commentators portrayed Tixier-Vignancour as `` the alliance of Algérie française , Poujadism and the spirit of Vichy '' , and they were only endorsed in the media by the radical right-wing press : Rivarol , Europe-Action , Aspects de la France and Minute .
Supported by a disparate and sometimes hostile alliance of far-rights groups , and lacking the necessary party structure , Tixier-Vignancour 's failed at 5.2 % of the votes in December 1965 . After that , they publicly called for a vote in favor of Socialist candidate François Mitterrand in the second round . Deceived by their multiple renunciations—from the moderation of stance to their support of Mitterrand— , Le Pen decided to quit the campaign . Votes for Tixier-Vignancour were heavily concentrated in the south of France , a region which had already seen the highest levels of `` no '' votes in the Évian Agreements referendum and where many Pieds-noirs had settled after their recent repatriation from Algeria in 1962 .
Later life ( 1966–1989 )
Tixier-Vignancour participated in a pro-Israel demonstration in 1967 in Paris during the Six-Day War . During the May 1968 crisis , they endorsed re-elected president De Gaulle to put an end to the general disorder . In the 1969 presidential election , they supported Gaullist candidate Georges Pompidou .
They were the main instigator in the of February 1973 . They joined the far-right Party of New Forces ( PFN ) in June 1978 , of which they became the honorary president and spokesperson . In 1979 , they unsuccessfully ran for the PFN in the European elections and eventually left the party in February 1982 .
They died on 17 September 1989 at 81 in Paris . Their funeral was celebrated in Saint-Nicolas-du-Chardonnet church , a stronghold of the Christian traditionalist Society of Saint Pius X .
Views
Strongly anti-communist , they endorsed during their 1965 campaign the NATO military and nuclear alliance with the United States , to defend the `` humanist and Christian West '' against `` communism and its Trojan horse , Gaullism '' . Arguing that France should reduce development aid towards its former colonies , they coined the slogan `` la Corrèze passe avant le Zambèze '' ( `` Corrèze comes before the Zambezi '' ) . Tixier-Vignancour was also fervently opposed to immigration , labeling themselves a supporter of `` French Algeria '' rather than `` Algerian France '' . They argued for `` strict and rigorously selected quotas '' for Algerian immigrants to `` avoid the invasion of France by a multitude of starving mouths , undesirables and invalids with no technical or social education '' .
Private life
Jean-Louis Tixier-Vignancour was the godfather of Jean-Marie Le Pen 's daughter Caroline .
See also
French 1965 presidential election
Far-right in France
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
Louis-Ferdinand Céline , Lettres à Tixier : 44 lettres inédites à Me Tixier-Vignancour , texte établi et présenté par Frédéric Monnier . Paris : la Flûte de Pan , 1985 . 143 pages . . ( Letters to Tixier : 44 unpublished letters to Me Tixier-Vignancour )
Tixier-Vignancour , J.-L. , J'ai choisi la défense , Paris , La Table Ronde , 1964 .
References
1907 births
1989 deaths
Politicians from Paris
French nationalists
French Popular Party politicians
Party of New Forces politicians
Members of the 16th Chamber of Deputies of the French Third Republic
People of Vichy France
Deputies of the 3rd National Assembly of the French Fourth Republic
Politicians of the French Fifth Republic
20th-century French lawyers
Order of the Francisque recipients
French collaborators with Nazi Germany
The men 's road race at the 1982 UCI Road World Championships was the 49th edition of the event . The race took place on Sunday 5 September 1982 and was based around the Goodwood Circuit , England . The race was won by Giuseppe Saronni of Italy .
Final classification
References
Men 's Road Race
UCI Road World Championships – Men 's road race
1982 Super Prestige Pernod
Abeka Book , LLC , known as A Beka Book until 2017 , is an American publisher affiliated with Pensacola Christian College ( PCC ) that produces K-12 curriculum materials that are used by Christian schools and homeschooling families around the world . It is named after Rebekah Horton , wife of college president Arlin Horton . By the 1980s , Abeka and BJU Press ( formerly Bob Jones University Press ) were the two major publishers of Christian-based educational materials in America .
History
The company started in 1972 as A Beka Book . In 2017 , the company rebranded as Abeka . The video program Abeka Academy is on DVD and streams on the web .
Its previous logo shows a book design from the current one that was optimized .
Accreditation
Abeka 's video program ( Abeka Academy ) and the Traditional Parent-Directed program are accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commissions on Elementary and Secondary Schools ( MSA-CESS ) and by the Florida Association of Christian Colleges and Schools ( FACCS ) .
Criticism
Abeka has been criticized by organizations such as the University of California and National Center for Science Education for selling works that contradict the scientific consensus regarding the origins of the universe , origins of life , and evolution . Abeka takes Biblical literalist and young Earth creationist positions in its science curriculum , teaching the Genesis creation narrative as a literal and factual account confirmed by `` science '' , a view that has led to its rejection for use in at least one state 's educational system . In Association of Christian Schools International v. Roman Stearns , a judge upheld the University of California 's rejection of Abeka publications for preparatory use , because the books are `` inconsistent with the viewpoints and knowledge generally accepted in the scientific community '' .
Aside from concerns regarding beliefs , experts from University of Central Florida and the University of Florida have criticized the content of Abeka textbooks as being markedly more simple than the content of comparable textbooks generally presented in public schools .
Tax status ruling
Between 1988 and 1996 , A Beka Book held tax exempt status , because its profits were channeled into PCC as a tax-exempt religious organization or educational institution . In January 1995 , the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ruled that the college 's publishing arm was liable for taxes as a profit-making entity . The IRS further ruled that the profits of the publishing arm benefited the organization as a whole , because both A Beka Book and PCC were run under the same organization and that all of the profits of A Beka Book went directly to PCC , constituting 60 % of the college 's income . The effect of this ruling rendered the publishing company ineligible for future tax exempt status .
Although PCC was ultimately cleared of any liability for back taxes , PCC paid the estimated $ 44.5 million , and A Beka Book paid another $ 3.5 million .
References
Abeka
Abeka
Christian publishing companies
Companies based in Pensacola , Florida
Dušan Kekéti ( born 24 March 1951 ) is a former Slovak football goalkeeper and current president of Spartak Trnava .
During their career they played for mostly for Trnava , and earned 7 caps for the Czechoslovakia from 1973 to 1980 , participating in UEFA Euro 1980 .
External links
1951 births
Living people
Slovak footballers
FC Spartak Trnava players
Czechoslovak footballers
Czechoslovakia international footballers
UEFA Euro 1980 players
Czechoslovak expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Czechoslovak expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Bratislava
Croats in Sweden ( ) are citizens and residents of Sweden of Croatian descent . As of 2017 , they number approximately 28,000 individuals . Croats mostly follow Catholicism , but a small minority that have been living in Sweden for generations have converted to Evangelicalism . They mostly live in Stockholm , the capital city , and in Malmö , in Rosengård district . The most successful football club of Croats of Sweden is NK Croatia Malmö , that played in 1988 the Swedish 2nd League , declared in 1989 with title `` Best Immigrant Club of Europe '' , winner of Malmö Mästerskap four times ( 1988 , 1989 , 1991 and 2016 ) .
Notable people
Zlatan Ibrahimović , Swedish footballer born in Sweden to a Bosniak father and a Croat mother
Damir Markota , Croatian basketball player who grew up in Sweden
Dennis Bozic , Swedish ice hockey player
Slavenka Drakulić , Croatian novelist who lives in Sweden
Ivana Gagula , Croatian born Swedish model
Branimir Hrgota , Swedish footballer
Christer Lipovac , Swedish footballer
Teddy Lučić , former Swedish footballer born to a Croatian father and a Finnish mother
Peter Popovic , former Swedish ice hockey player
Rade Prica , Swedish footballer
Mattia Prskalo , Swedish model
Robin Simović , Swedish footballer
Teresa Utković , Swedish handball player
Ivo Vazgeč , Swedish footballer
See also
Croatia–Sweden relations
Croats
List of Croats
References
Serbia
Ethnic groups in Sweden
The Cave Spring Commercial Historic District in Cave Spring , Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 . The listing included 12 contributing buildings and a contributing site .
It includes the intersections of Alabama Road , Broad Street , Rome Road , Cedartown Road , and Padlock Street , and extends about a block in each direction .
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia ( U.S. state )
National Register of Historic Places in Floyd County , Georgia
Greek Revival architecture in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Early Commercial architecture in the United States
Dzyanis Lebedzew ( ; ; born 26 June 1992 is a Belarusian former footballer .
In July 2020 Lebedzew was found guilty of being involved in a match-fixing schema in Belarusian football . They were sentenced to 1 year of house arrest and banned from Belarusian football for three years .
References
External links
Profile at Belshina website
1992 births
Living people
Belarusian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Belshina Bobruisk players
FC Khimik Svetlogorsk players
FC Bereza-2010 players
People from Babruysk
Sportspeople from Mogilev Region
Cassida canaliculata is a species of beetle in the leaf beetle family , that can be found in Central , West and Eastern Europe , as well as the Caucasus , Turkey , West Kazakhstan and North Italy .
Habitat
The species feeds on plants in the family Lamiaceae , such as Salvia pratensis and Salvia verticillata .
References
Cassidinae
Beetles described in 1781
Beetles of Asia
Beetles of Europe
Taxa named by Johann Nepomuk von Laicharting
The chestnut-backed tanager ( Stilpnia preciosa ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae . It is found in southern Brazil , north-eastern Argentina , eastern Paraguay , and Uruguay . It is closely related to the rarer black-backed tanager , and females of the two species are indistinguishable . This bird is characterized by its green breast , and chestnut colored back . Before research was completed , this animal was often mistaken for a result of a mutated black-backed tanager ( `` Stilpnia peruviana '' ) . It is now known that this is not the case , and though the two species are related , they are not in fact the same species . The tanager is not in any danger , and is plentiful in the areas that it resides in . Further studies show that this animal is non-invasive , which simply means that it will not invade areas other than its own region .
References
http : //neotropical.birds.cornell.edu/portal/species/overview ? p_p_spp=607596
http : //www.birdlife.org/datazone/speciesfactsheet.php ? id=9410
chestnut-backed tanager
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Selva Misionera
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of the South Region
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
chestnut-backed tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
William Hughes FRGS ( 1818 – 21 May 1876 ) was an English geographer , cartographer , author and academic .
Life
In early life Hughes was in business as an engraver in Pentonville , London . In 1840 they became a lecturer at St John 's College , Battersea .
Hughes was Professor of Geography at King 's College and Queen 's College , London and Royal Female Naval School . They were for many years Examiner in Geography to the College of Preceptors . They died at their home , Adelaide Road , St John 's Wood , London .
Works
Hughes was the author of many books ; atlases for the classroom , and books for biblical studies and general reference . They were also a prolific editor of reference works and textbooks . Some of their publications were later revised by Sir Richard Gregory , and by John Francon Williams .
Partial bibliography
Directions for Taking Instructions on Wills 1840
Three Students of Grays Inn ( novel ) 1846
The Stamp Duties Act 1850
The Origin and Condition of the Australian Colonies Longman & Co. 1852
Manual of Mathematical Geography 1852
A Manual of Geography , Physical , Industrial and Political 1852
It 's All for the Best ( 3-volume novel ) 1853
A Class-book of Modern Geography 1859
Philips ' Family Atlas of Physical , General and Classical Geography 1859
A Manual of Geography
Manual of British Geography
Elementary Class-book of Modern Geography 1860
A Manual of European Geography 1861
A Class-book of Physical Geography 1861
Outlines of Geography 1864
The Geography of River Systems 1865
Elementary Class-book of Physical Geography 1866
Geography in its Relation to History 1870
Geography of the British Isles 1887
Bible Maps pub . John W. Parker , London
Philips ' Atlas of Scripture Geography
Hughes W. ( Revised by R. A. Gregory ) An Elementary Classbook of Physical Geography 1904
General Geography , Simplified for beginners ( in Gleig 's School Series )
Geography of the British Empire , Simplified for beginners ( in Gleig 's School Series )
The Child 's First Book of Geography ( in Gleig 's School Series )
Further reading
Vaughan , J. E. `` William Hughes , FRGS ( 1818–1876 ) as Geographical Educationist '' . In W. E. Marsden ( ed . ) Historical Perspectives on Geographical Education ( IGU Commission on Geographical Education : University of London Institute of Education , 1980 )
References
English cartographers
English engravers
English geographers
1818 births
1876 deaths
19th-century English writers
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society
Academics of King 's College London
Capital is a department of Mendoza Province in Argentina . The provincial subdivision has a population of about 111,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its head city is Mendoza , which also serves as the provincial capital .
Sports
Mendoza is home to several football clubs , the most notable of these is Gimnasia y Esgrima who play in the regionalised 3rd Division .
The most notable football team of the moment is Club Atletico Godoy Cruz Antonio Tomba , which participates in the first division of Argentinian Football . Club Sportivo Independiente Rivadavia is also a very well known football team , it 's disputing the Nacional B tournament which is second division in Argentina .
Education
The main campus of the National University of Cuyo is based in Mendoza City . UTN ( Universidad Tecnologica Nacional ) is also situated in Mendoza City .
Districts
The Department was divided in seven districts :
Primera Sección
Segunda Sección
Tercera Sección
Cuarta Sección
Quinta Sección
Sexta Sección
Zona Oeste
But since January 2003 is divided in twelve districts , remaining the sections 1 to 5 their limits :
Primera Sección
Segunda Sección
Tercera Sección
Cuarta Sección
Quinta Sección
Sexta Sección
Séptima Sección
Octava Sección
Novena Sección
Décima Sección
Décimoprimera Sección
Décimosegunda Sección
External links
( Spanish )
National University of Cuyo ( Spanish )
1869 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
Mendoza , Argentina
Joseph Marie , Count Dessaix ( 24 September 1764 , Thonon-les-Bains , Haute-Savoie – 26 October 1834 ) was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars .
Career
They were born at Thonon in Savoy . They studied medicine , took their degree at Turin , and then went to Paris , where in 1789 they joined the National Guard . In 1791 they tried without success to begin an uprising in Savoy , in 1792 they organized the Légion des Allobroges , and in the following years they served at the siege of Toulon , in the Army of the Eastern Pyrenees , and in the Army of Italy . They were captured at Rivoli , but was soon exchanged .
In the spring of 1798 Dessaix was elected a member of the Council of Five Hundred . They were one of the few in that body who opposed the coup d'etat of the 18th Brumaire ( November 9 , 1799 ) . In 1803 they were promoted general of brigade , and soon afterwards Commander of the Légion d'honneur . They distinguished themselves greatly at the battle of Wagram ( 1809 ) , and was about this time promoted general of division and named Grand Officer of the Légion d'honneur , and in 1810 was made a count . They took part in Napoleon 's invasion of Russia , leading the 4th division of the I Corps ( Grande Armée ) under Davout , and was twice wounded . For several months they were commandant of Berlin , and afterwards delivered the department of Mont Blanc from the Austrians . After the first restoration Dessaix held a command under the Bourbons .
They joined Napoleon in the Hundred Days and was appointed to command the 23rd Division in Marshal Louis Gabriel Suchet 's corps on the Savoy frontier . Their division included two battalions each of the 42nd and 53rd Line Infantry Regiments under General of Brigade Jean Revest and three battalions of the 67th Line under General of Brigade Jean Montfalcon .
In 1816 they were imprisoned for five months . The rest of their life was spent in retirement .
References
1764 births
1834 deaths
People from Thonon-les-Bains
French military personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
French military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
Naval Air Station Lee Field was a United States Navy air base that opened on September 11 , 1940 , in Green Cove Springs , Florida to support the World War II efforts . The Air Station was on the St. Johns River in Clay County , Florida . The Air Station and Navy base was on 1,560 acres . The US Navy and United States Marine Corps used the site to train pilots on four asphalt runways . The Grumman F6F Hellcat fighter plane was the most common plane use at the Navy Air Station . The Vought F4U Corsair was a common plane for the Marine Corps training . The base was named after Ensign Bejamin Lee , who was killed during World War I in a plane crash at Killinghome , England . Naval Air Station Lee Field was renamed Naval Air Station Green Cove Springs in August 1943 . After the war , Naval Air Station Green Cove Springs was reorganized into a Naval Auxiliary Air Station ( NAAS ) of Naval Air Station Jacksonville . The Naval Auxiliary Air Station closed in June 1962 .
Atlantic Reserve Fleet , Florida
In 1946 the Atlantic Reserve Fleet , Florida , also called the Atlantic Reserve Fleet , Green Cove Springs opened next to the Naval Air Station Green Cove Springs in the St. Johns River . The Atlantic Reserve Fleet , Florida was part of the United States Navy reserve fleets , also called mothball fleet , was used to store the now many surplus ships after World War II . The freshwater was good for long-term storage for ships . At its peak the reserve fleet had 600 ships . In the fleet were destroyers , destroyer escorts , troop ships and US Navy auxiliary ships . Some ships in the fleet were reactivated for the Korean War and Vietnam War . The reserve fleet and Air Station were closed in June 1962 . The land was deeded to the City of Green Cove Springs . In 1965 , the site was sold to J. Louis Reynolds . The site today is the Clay County Port and Reynolds Industrial Park . One runway remains as the Reynolds Airpark Airport ( FL60 ) . Some of the former airfield land was used as a test track for anti-lock brakes by Kelsey-Hayes/TRW Automotive . At the site is the original Naval Air Station Lee Field air traffic control tower and aircraft hangars .
Military Museum of North Florida
Military Museum of North Florida is located at the Reynolds Industrial Park opened in 2007 . Located at 1 Bunker Avenue , Green Cove Springs , Florida , off State Road 16 East ( Leonard C. Taylor Parkway ) at . The Museum have indoor and outdoor displays of plane and vehicles .
See also
Naval Air Station Pensacola
St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company
Tampa Shipbuilding Company
References
1940 establishments in Florida
Closed installations of the United States Navy
The hiking trails in Grand Teton National Park range from easy nature walks on generally level surfaces to strenuous and oftentimes steep climbs over high mountain passes . Located south of Yellowstone National Park in the northwestern section of the U.S. state of Wyoming , Grand Teton National Park has of trails . High mountain passes such as Paintbrush Divide , Hurricane Pass and Static Peak Divide are more than above the trail starting points and may remain snow-covered until mid-summer , requiring the use of an ice axe and possibly crampons to negotiate in late spring and early summer .
Alaska Basin Trail is a trail extending into Caribou-Targhee National Forest . The trail begins at junction on Death Canyon Trail near the Death Canyon Barn and climbs steeply to Static Peak Divide . From the divide the trail soon splits , with a western branch descending into Alaska Basin and the eastern trail ( also known as the Alaska Basin Shelf Trail ) continuing north to junction with the Teton Crest Trail . This trail is considered very strenuous .
Amphitheater Lake Trail ascends from Lupine Meadows to Amphitheater Lake . The trail is considered strenuous with of total elevation gain in just over .
Berry Creek Trail is long and located in the far northern region of the park . The trail begins at the National Park Service patrol cabin north of Wilcox Point on Jackson Lake and extends to Jackass Pass at the border between the park and Caribou-Targhee National Forest . Located in the remote northern backcountry of Grand Teton National Park , the trail is not connected to maintained trails in the southern part of the park and must be accessed from the Glade Creek trailhead in the John D. Rockefeller , Jr. Memorial Parkway . The trails in this region may require dangerous stream crossings .
Bradley Lake Trail is a moderate trail which connects the Taggart Lake trailhead to Bradley Lake .
Cascade Canyon Trail extends from Jenny Lake to the north and south forks of Cascade Canyon . The trail is long ( round trip ) and is considered moderate to strenuous . To get to Cascade Canyon there is about a mile hike up the mountain that is strenuous . A boat shuttle across Jenny Lake at the beginning and end of the hike shaves off the round trip . This is one of the most popular trails in the park and provides the only access to the popular Hidden Falls cascade .
Colter Bay Lakeshore Trail is an easy round-trip nature trail forming two interconnected loops along Jackson Lake and Colter Bay .
Death Canyon Trail is long and begins at the White Grass Ranger Station Historic District and ends at Fox Creek Pass where it intercepts the Teton Crest Trail . The trail follows the length of Death Canyon and is strenuous .
Emma Matilda Lake Trail is a round-trip trail and is considered moderate .
Garnet Canyon Trail begins at Lupine Meadows and ascends into Garnet Canyon . The trail becomes unmaintained after however from that point many climbers continue to the Lower Saddle between Middle and Grand Teton , from which most climbs to the summits of either peak is commenced .
Granite Canyon Trail is long and begins at the Granite Canyon trailhead on the Moose-Wilson Road , about north of Teton Village and ends at the junction with the Teton Crest Trail near Marion Lake . The trail follows the length of Granite Canyon . Some hikers will use the aerial tram located at the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort and hike mostly downhill along the Rendezvous Mountain Trail and then the Granite Canyon Trail back to the resort , a total distance of .
Hermitage Point Trail is commenced from Colter Bay Village and involves a moderate hike of round trip to Hermitage Point on Jackson Lake .
Heron Pond Swan Lake Trail is started from Colter Bay Village and is an easy nature hike to Heron Pond and Swan Lake .
Jenny Lake Trail is a trail which circles Jenny Lake . This easy trail begins at the Jenny Lake campground or can be accessed at several other trailheads .
Lake Solitude Trail extends from the forks of Cascade Canyon north to Lake Solitude and to Paintbrush Divide where it intercepts the Paintbrush Divide Trail . One of the most popular trails in the park and part of the loop hike which commences and terminates at the String Lake Trailhead .
Leigh Lake Trail extends from the Leigh Lake Trailhead to Trapper Lake .
Middle Fork Cut Off Trail is long and connects the Rendezvous Mountain Trail with the Teton Crest Trail .
Open Canyon Trail is long and runs from the Valley Trail over Mount Hunt Divide and then descends into Granite Canyon . The trail traverses the entire length of Open Canyon .
Owl Creek Trail is long and located in the far northern region of the park . The trail begins at a junction on the Berry Creek Trail and traverses west then south to Moose Basin Divide where it meets the Webb Canyon Trail . Access to this trail is from the Glade Creek trailhead in the John D. Rockefeller , Jr. Memorial Parkway . The trails in this region may require dangerous stream crossings .
Paintbrush Canyon Trail is commenced from the String Lake Trailhead and climbs over to Paintbrush Divide . There it intercepts the North Fork Cascade Canyon Trail . It passes Holly Lake and Lake Solitude .
Rendezvous Mountain Trail is long . Most often used to descend from the top of Rendezvous Mountain after riding the Jackson Hole Mountain Resort aerial tram to the top of the peak , the trail intercepts the Granite Canyon Trail adjacent to the Upper Granite Canyon Patrol Cabin .
Signal Mountain Trail is a moderate round-trip hike beginning at Signal Mountain Lodge and climbs to the top of Signal Mountain .
South Fork Cascade Canyon Trail begins at the forks of Cascade Canyon and heads southwest to Hurricane Pass and is considered a strenuous hike . From the forks , the distance is to Hurricane Pass . A short connection trail leads to Schoolroom Glacier just before the top of the pass .
String Lake Trail is a popular and easy round-trip trail which circles String Lake . The Paintbrush Canyon Trailhead also offers a non-motorized boat launch . Taking a short trip north with a 400M portage walk allows you to access Leigh Lake via a non-motorized boat .
Taggart Lake Trail is an easy round-trip hike which provides access to Taggart Lake . The trail begins at the Taggert Lake Trailhead , located roughly 2.3 miles north of the Moose Entrance Station . The trail also allows you to connect to Bradley Lake .
Teton Crest Trail is long and extends from Phillips Pass on the border of Caribou-Targhee and Bridger-Teton National Forests to String Lake . The trail overlaps the South and North Cascade Canyon Trails and the Paintbrush Canyon Trail for almost half its length .
Two Ocean Lake Trails is a moderate round-trip trail in length which circles Two Ocean Lakes .
Valley Trail extends from Trapper Lake south past the major lakes along the base of the Teton Range ( excluding Jackson Lake ) to the south park boundary near Teton Village . The trail is also known as the String Lake , Jenny Lake and Phelps Lake trails for part of its course .
Webb Canyon Trail is long and in the far northern region of the park . The trail extends from near Wilcox Point on Jackson Lake and intercepts the Owl Creek Trail at Moose Basin Divide . Access to this trail is from the Glade Creek trailhead in the John D. Rockefeller , Jr. Memorial Parkway . The trails in this region may require dangerous stream crossings .
References
External links
Grand Teton National Park Official Website
Backcountry Camping in the Tetons
Hiking in Bear Country
Detailed Hiking Information for Grand Tetons Trails
Hiking trails of Grand Teton National Park
Grand Teton National Park
Emil Milihram ( born 21 October 1982 ) is a Croatian male canoeist who won a world championship at senior level at the Wildwater Canoeing World Championships and twice the Wildwater Canoeing World Cup .
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Croatian male canoeists
Gampalage Shehan Naveendra De Fonseka Gunawarna Jayasuriya , or commonly Shehan Jayasuriya ( ; born 12 September 1991 ) , is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer , who played for Chilaw Marians in Sri Lankan domestic cricket . They are a quick-scoring left-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler . They were born in Colombo , and attended Prince of Wales College , Moratuwa . They announced their retirement from all forms of cricket in Sri Lanka on 8 January 2021 because of them moving to the United States with their family .
Personal life
Jayasuriya is married to Sri Lankan actor Kaveesha Kavindi where the wedding was celebrated on 23 September 2020 in New York , USA . They are the daughter of retired Sri Lankan film actor Dilani Abeywardana .
Jayasuriya announced their retirement from all forms of cricket on 8 January 2021 because of them moving to the USA with their family and spending the rest of their life there . In June 2021 , Jayasuriya was selected in the players ' draft ahead of the Minor League Cricket tournament .
Domestic career
Jayasuriya made their first-class cricket debut in October 2009 for Police Sports Club against Moratuwa Sports Club . Their highest first-class score is 237 , which they made off 218 balls for Chilaw Marians in their 378-run victory over Bloomfield in 2016-17 . In 2017-18 , against Ragama , they opened both batting and bowling and dominated the match , taking 7 for 22 and 3 for 66 and scoring 80 in an innings victory ; no other batsman in the match reached 40 .
In March 2018 , they were named in Colombo 's squad for the 2017–18 Super Four Provincial Tournament . The following month , they were also named in Colombo 's squad for the 2018 Super Provincial One Day Tournament . They were the leading run-scorer for Colombo in the tournament , with 326 runs in seven matches , and was named as the player of the series .
In August 2018 , they were named in Colombo 's squad the 2018 SLC T20 League . In February 2019 , Sri Lanka Cricket named them as the Player of the Tournament for the 2017–18 Premier Limited Overs Tournament . In March 2019 , they were named in Colombo 's squad for the 2019 Super Provincial One Day Tournament .
In January 2020 , in the opening round of matches in the 2019–20 SLC Twenty20 Tournament , they scored a century for Chilaw Marians Cricket Club . They finished the tournament as the leading run-scorer in the competition , with 385 runs in eight matches .
In October 2020 , they were drafted by the Galle Gladiators for the inaugural edition of the Lanka Premier League .
International career
As an all rounder , Jayasuriya made their Twenty20 International debut for Sri Lanka against Pakistan on 1 August 2015 . They scored 40 runs off 32 balls including 3 fours and 2 sixes on their debut and took their first international wicket by bowling Shahid Afridi out . However , the match ended with a defeat for Sri Lanka . They made their One Day International debut for Sri Lanka against the West Indies on 1 November 2015 , they got out for nought in their first innings , bowled by Sunil Narine .
In August 2019 , they were named in a twenty-two-man squad for Sri Lanka 's Test series against New Zealand . However , they were not named in the final fifteen-man squad for the first Test . They were included to the T20I series against New Zealand in September 2019 . They played in first two T20Is with modest results . In the last over of second T20I , they had a collision with Kusal Mendis at the boundary line . Jayasuriya was running from long on , and Mendis from midwicket , in order to intercept an aerial Mitchell Santner , they tripped up by the onrushing Mendis , and sent crashing into the boundary . Both players picked up knee injuries and rested from the third T20I .
In September 2019 , they successfully got the spot in Sri Lanka 's Twenty20 International ( T20I ) squad for the series against Pakistan .
During the second ODI against Pakistan on 30 September 2019 , Jayasuriya scored their maiden ODI fifty . They got out for 96 runs in the match . However , along with Dasun Shanaka , they put up a record sixth-wicket stand of 177 . This is the highest partnership against Pakistan in ODIs . However , Sri Lanka lost the match by 67 runs .
Post-Sri Lanka career
On 8 January 2021 , Jayasuriya announced their retirement from all forms of cricket in Sri Lanka . In June 2021 , they were selected to take part in the Minor League Cricket tournament in the United States following the players ' draft .
Note
Shehan Jayasuriya is not related in any way to former Sri Lankan cricket captain , Sanath Jayasuriya .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka One Day International cricketers
Sri Lanka Twenty20 International cricketers
Sri Lanka Police Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Saracen Sports Club cricketers
Moor Sports Club cricketers
Ruhuna cricketers
Wayamba United cricketers
Chilaw Marians Cricket Club cricketers
Chittagong Vikings cricketers
Asian Games medalists in cricket
Cricketers at the 2014 Asian Games
Colombo Commandos cricketers
Prime Bank Cricket Club cricketers
Asian Games gold medalists for Sri Lanka
Sylhet Sixers cricketers
Khulna Titans cricketers
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Alumni of Prince of Wales ' College , Moratuwa
Galle Gladiators cricketers
Zanclognatha atrilineella is a litter moth of the family Erebidae . It was described by Augustus Radcliffe Grote in 1873 . It is found in the southeastern United States .
The wingspan is about .
External links
atrilineella
Moths described in 1873
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Augustus Radcliffe Grote
The judiciary is one of the three branches of state that make up the government of the Dominican Republic . Its function is to administer justice , for free , to decide on disputes between individuals or corporations , private or public , in every type of process , judgment and execution of judgment . They exercise for the courts and tribunals established by the Constitution and the law
Courts
The courts are composed of four levels of courts . The Supreme Court of the Dominican Republic is the court of last resort existing in the Republic and is , therefore , the head of the judiciary in the country . The Supreme Court is the final court empowered to administer justice , that means that its judgments can not be appealed , although they may eventually be reviewed by the same court through the use of re-consideration .
The Dominican Republic Courts of Appeal know , appeals to judgments , in accordance with the law ; in the first instance of criminal cases to trial judges or their equivalents ; tax attorneys , holders of organs and autonomous and decentralized state , provincial governors , mayors of the National District and the municipalities ; and , other matters specified by law .
The Dominican Republic Courts of First Instance known in first grade of all the materials that do not are responsible by law to another court and other matters assigned to them expressly Act manner . There will be the Courts of First Instance or equivalent to the number of judges and territorial jurisdiction determined by law . Courts First Instance of the relevant judicial districts to the National District , Santiago , La Vega , Duarte , Puerto Plata , Barahona , San Juan , San Cristóbal , El Seibo , San Pedro de Macorís , La Romana , Valverde , Espaillat and Monte Cristi they are divided into chambers .
The Dominican Republic Peace Courts are single-judge courts and the judicial pyramid structure are lower-level courts . The law determines the number of Justices of the Peace and their equivalents , powers , territorial jurisdiction and how they will be organized .
Other Courts
Special courts of Transits . They are competent to hear offenses for violation of Law no . 241 of December 28 , 1967 Transit Vehicle and its amendments .
Peace Courts for Municipal Affairs . Aware of all violations of laws , ordinances , regulations and municipal resolutions .
Judges
It is understood by appointing judges , their appointment to judicial office for the first time , becoming part of the judicial career , in which case it is called `` admission to the judicial career '' , or the appointment of the judge who , belonging and to that race happens to occupy , by any of the mechanisms regulated by the Law on Judicial Service , in its implementing regulations and the National Judicial College , a different function they occupied , the is called `` provision of judicial office '' .
Supreme Court Judges
The judges of the Supreme Court are appointed by the National Council of the Magistracy , in accordance with Article 179 of the Constitution of the Republic and the Organic Law of the National Council of the Magistracy .
When choosing the judges of the Supreme Court , the National Council of the Magistracy have which of them should occupy the presidency , and designate a first and second substitute to replace the President in case of absence or disability . The President and their deputies shall exercise these functions for a period of seven years , after which , and after performance evaluation conducted by the National Council of the Magistracy , may be elected for a new period .
In case of vacancy of a judge invested with one of the above stated qualities , the National Council of the Magistracy shall appoint a new judge with equal quality or attribute it to any of the judges of the Supreme Court .
Other judges .
To be appointed judge of the Judiciary , every candidate must undergo a public competitive examination system by joining the National Judicial College to be established by the law and have successfully passed the training program of the school .
Administration
Council of the Judiciary Branch
According to Art . 2 of the Law 28/11 , Organic Council of the Judiciary , it is the constitutional organ of management and discipline of the Judiciary of the Dominican Republic .
External links
http : //www.poderjudicial.gob.do/index.aspx
Law of the Dominican Republic
Government of the Dominican Republic
Bulbule Lake ( ) is a lake in Birendranagar , Karnali Province , Nepal . Bulbule lake owes its name to the way water bubbles from its spring , before it can be seen emanating from a series of stone spouts .
Bulbule Lake is currently undergoing an expansion project ; it will be expanded from 12,000 meters square to 28,500 meters square . The expansion will cost about 20 million Nepalese rupees .
The Nepali song `` Surkhetma Bulbule Taal '' was inspired by this lake and parts of the song were filmed in the Bulbule Lake .
References
Lakes of Karnali Province
Lakes of Nepal
Biodiversity Party ( ) was an Estonian green political party , which was founded in September 2018 and one of its leaders was the former Estonian Free Party chief Artur Talvik . They described themselves as post-ideological and their aim was to develop Estonia into a decentralized smart eco-digital country .
On 20 August 2020 , the party merged with the Estonian Free Party to form the Estonian Party for the Future .
Electoral results
Parliamentary elections
European Parliament elections
References
Centrist parties in Estonia
Political parties in Estonia
Political parties established in 2018
2018 establishments in Estonia
Green parties in Europe
2020 disestablishments in Europe
Political parties disestablished in 2020
The Backstreet Boys ' Unbreakable Tour was a 2008–2009 concert tour . This was their seventh concert tour in support of their sixth studio album Unbreakable ( 2007 ) and this was the first Backstreet Boys tour as a quartet without Kevin Richardson who left the group in June 2006 . They did , however , join their band again at the end of the tour in Los Angeles . The tour kicked off in Japan with two sold out concerts in the Tokyo Dome .
The show at London 's O2 Arena on the May 14 , 2008 was recorded . It was first shown in MSN `` Music in Concert '' at 2:00 PM ET/11:00AM PT on June 26 , 2008 . It was also later shown on VH1 in the UK on October 31 , 2008 at 9pm . However , all solo songs were cut from the aired program , showing only the songs performed by them as a group .
Background
The group planned to make it a true world tour , hitting countries that they had not visited in years , along with visiting new countries , including their first stop ever on tour in Russia , Latvia , Lithuania , Estonia , Peru , along with South Africa dates . The Luxembourg date was suspended after a fire broke out at the venue the afternoon of the performance , no one was seriously injured , but there was damage to the group 's wardrobe .
Opening acts
Brian McFadden ( February 20–23 , 2008 )
Stanfour ( April 2–8 ; May 2–4 , 2008 )
E.M.D . ( April 14 , 2008 )
George Nozuka ( May 7–14 , 2008 )
The Drive Home ( May 17–22 , 2008 )
Girlicious ( July 30-September 6 , 2008 )
Divine Brown ( November 4–17 , 2008 )
Kreesha Turner ( November 4–17 , 2008 )
Donnie Klang ( October 30-November 2 ; November 22–23 , 2008 )
Belanova ( February 25 , 2009 )
Setlist
`` Larger than Life '' ( contains elements of `` Eye of the Tiger '' and `` Stronger '' )
`` Everyone ''
`` Any Other Way ''
`` You Can Let Go ''
`` Unmistakable ''
`` I Want It That Way ''
`` She 's Like the Sun '' ( performed by Howie Dorough )
`` Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely ''
`` More than That ''
`` Helpless When They Smile '' ( only on selected dates )
`` Spanish Eyes '' ( only on selected dates replacing `` Helpless When They Smile '' )
`` Trouble Is ''
`` Incomplete ''
`` Drive By Love '' ( performed by A. J. McLean )
`` Panic ''
`` I Got You '' / `` Blow Your Mind '' ( performed by Nick Carter ; later only `` I Got You '' )
`` Quit Playing Games ( with My Heart ) '' ( contains elements of `` Raspberry Beret '' )
`` As Long As You Love Me '' ( contains elements of `` I 'll Be Around '' )
`` All I Have to Give ''
`` I 'll Never Break Your Heart ''
`` Inconsolable ''
`` Welcome Home ( You ) '' ( performed by Brian Littrell )
Band Introduction ( contains elements of `` Feel Good Inc. '' and `` Beat It '' )
`` The One ''
`` Treat Me Right ''
`` The Call ''
`` Everybody ( Backstreet 's Back ) ''
Encore
`` Shape of My Heart ''
`` Time '' ( only on selected dates )
Tour dates
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances
Indiana State Fair
Minnesota State Fair
Ravinia Festival
Cancellations and rescheduled shows
Box office score data
References
External links
Backstreet Boys Official Website
Backstreet Boys Official Fan Club
Backstreet Boys concert tours
2008 concert tours
2009 concert tours
Royal Air Force Bentwaters or more simply RAF Bentwaters , now known as Bentwaters Parks , is a former Royal Air Force station about northeast of London and east-northeast of Ipswich , near Woodbridge , Suffolk in England . Its name was taken from two cottages ( ‘ Bentwaters Cottages ' ) that had stood on the site of the main runway during its construction in 1943 .
The station was used by the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) during the Second World War , and by the United States Air Force ( USAF ) during the Cold War , being the primary home for the 81st Fighter Wing under various designations from 1951 to 1993 . For many years the 81st Fighter Wing also operated RAF Woodbridge , with Bentwaters and Woodbridge airfields being known by the Americans as the `` Twin Bases '' .
RAF Bentwaters was the location of an August 13-14 , 1956 nighttime radar and visual sighting of multiple UFOs ( the Lakenheath-Bentwaters incident ) ; it is also near the location of the alleged December 1980 UFO incident in Rendlesham Forest .
The site is now known as Bentwaters Parks . The Bentwaters Cold War Museum is located on the site , there are offices and warehouses , and the site is also used for television and film making .
History
Second World War
Bentwaters airfield 's origin dates to 1942 when construction began on a Royal Air Force station called Royal Air Force Butley for use by RAF Bomber Command . On 28 January 1943 the station was renamed Royal Air Force Bentwaters . It was opened for operational use in April 1944 . In December it was transferred to No . 11 Group , RAF Fighter Command . During the Second World War , RAF squadrons at Bentwaters were :
No . 64 Squadron RAF between 29 December 1944 and 15 August 1945 with North American Mustang III moved to RAF Horsham St Faith .
No . 65 Squadron RAF between 15 May 1945 and 13 August 1945 with Mustang IV moved to RAF Fairwood Common .
No . 118 Squadron RAF between 15 December 1944 and 11 August 1945 with re-equipped Mustang III moved to RAF Fairwood Common .
No . 126 Squadron RAF between 30 December 1944 and 5 September 1945 with Mustang III then upgrading to Mustang IV in August 1945 .
No . 129 Squadron RAF between 11 December 1944 and 26 May 1945 with Mustang III , swapping to Supermarine Spitfire IXE in May 1945 .
No . 165 Squadron RAF between 15 December 1944 and 29 May 1945 with Mustang III until May 1945 then the Spitfire IXE .
No . 234 Squadron RAF ( 1944-45 )
No . 245 Squadron RAF
Two other units were also based at Bentwaters , these were No . 226 Operational Conversion Unit RAF and No . 7 Fighter Command Servicing Unit .
In addition to its RAF use , United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF ) fighters flew escort missions for RAF Bomber Command from Bentwaters beginning on 4 May 1945 .
The USAAF designation for Bentwaters was AAF Station 151 .
The squadrons were :
No . 56 Squadron RAF reformed here on 1 April 1946 and stayed until 16 September 1946 with the Gloster Meteor F.3 moving to RAF Boxted .
No . 74 Squadron RAF between 2 June 1946 and 9 June 1945 with Meteor F.3s moved to RAF Colerne .
No . 124 Squadron RAF between 5 October 1945 and 18 February 1946 with Meteor F.3s moving to RAF Fairwood Common . The squadron returned on 20 March 1946 and stayed until 1 April 1946 still with the Meteor F.3 before being renamed 56 Squadrons .
No . 2707 Squadron RAF Regiment .
No . 2791 Squadron RAF Regiment .
No . 2839 Squadron RAF Regiment .
USAF use
Control of Bentwaters was transferred to the United States Air Force on 16 March 1951 by the Ministry of Defence , and the United States Air Forces in Europe ( USAFE ) designated it a primary installation of HQ USAFE on 7 September 1951 . Bentwaters was to play a key role in the defence of Western Europe during the Cold War when large numbers of USAF aircraft were assigned as part of the air arm of NATO .
On 16 March 1951 , the USAF 7506th Air Support Group was assigned to Bentwaters . Their mission was to bring the facility up to NATO standards . During most of 1951 and 1952 USAF construction upgraded the operational facilities , as well as the construction of support facilities . Early USAF units at Bentwaters were as follows :
9th Air Rescue Squadron ( July 1951 – November 1952 ) ( Boeing SB-29 'Super Dumbo ' ) . This unit flew air-sea rescue missions with aging B-29 aircraft adapted to drop airborne lifeboats . It received its nickname from earlier `` Dumbo '' missions that picked airmen up when they crashed at sea . The unit departed in November 1952 for RAF Burtonwood .
7554th Target Tow Flight ( March–December 1952 ) ( Stinson L-5E , Douglas TB-26C ) . This unit flew aerial targets for gunnery practice by NATO aircraft .
81st Tactical Fighter Wing
The 81st Fighter-Interceptor Wing became the new host unit at Bentwaters in September 1951 . The 81st , in various designations , remained at RAF Bentwaters for over 40 years during the Cold War era . The 81st FIW was a North American F-86A Sabre equipped unit , being activated at Moses Lake AFB , Washington in May 1950 . In August 1951 the 81st flew initially into RAF Shepherds Grove , then in September transferred its headquarters to RAF Bentwaters .
In October 1974 , the 81st began operating F-4D Phantoms . This would continue through early 1979 , when the wing received and began operating the A-10A Thunderbolt II single-seat attack aircraft , affectionately known as the Warthog . The D model Phantoms were transferred to the 401st TFW at Torrejón AB , Spain .
An A-10 Forward Operating Location ( FOL ) was established at Sembach Air Base , West Germany on 1 September 1978 when Det . 1 , 81st Tactical Fighter Wing was activated . Revetments and a dozen hardened aircraft shelters were built and A-10A 's began operations at Sembach during May 1979 . Additional detachments were subsequently established at Leipheim , Alhorn and Norvenich Air Bases in West Germany and at two additional unmanned reserve FOLs which remain classified ; one in the north of Germany and one in the south , both in rear of the other four named bases/airfields . A-10 's and support resources routinely rotated to these FOLs from RAF Bentwaters for training and Tactical Evaluations . The C-130 rotating to the detachments was affectionately called `` The Klong '' . In the event of war in the 1980s , the Bentwater A-10 's were to fight from Germany , and Bentwaters would host F-16 's from Nellis AFB and from Myrtle Beach AFB , South Carolina .
Post Cold War
With the end of the Cold War , the USAF presence at Bentwaters was gradually phased down . It was announced that the station would be closed and the 81st TFW would be inactivated . The Bentwaters-based squadrons were phased-down as follows :
510th Tactical Fighter Squadron was transferred to the 52nd Fighter Wing at Spangdahlem Air Base in Germany on 4 January 1993 . On 1 February 1994 it was inactivated at Spangdahlem , but it was reactivated on 23 March 1994 as a Block 40 F-16C/D squadron at Aviano Air Base in Italy .
92nd Tactical Fighter Squadron was inactivated on 31 March 1993 . Its aircraft were sent back to the United States to various Air National Guard squadrons .
The last A-10 aircraft departed Bentwaters on 23 March 1993 , and the 81st Tactical Fighter Wing was inactivated on 1 July 1993 . With the inactivation , the USAF returned control of Bentwaters to the Ministry of Defence .
Currently , Bentwaters airfield is inactive as a military facility .
Current uses
With the handover of Bentwaters back to the UK Ministry of Defence in 1993 , the facility was closed . It is now known as `` Bentwaters Parks '' .
Bentwaters Cold War Museum
In 2003 , work commenced on the Bentwaters Cold War Museum ( BCWM ) .
The museum is based in the former USAF hardened command post on the airfield . The main “ war operations room ” and “ Battle cabin ” have been restored to original condition , the BT telephone exchange room , and decontamination showers and airlock are also as original .
Other rooms within the building have been turned into exhibition rooms , covering the history of RAF Bentwaters from WWII until the base closed
The museum is currently undergoing refurbishment as of May 2022
Television and media
The 2005 reality television series Space Cadets was largely shot at RAF Bentwaters . The base was disguised as a Russian spaceport to maintain the illusion that the contestants were in fact in Russia preparing for their mission in space .
In 2008 an episode of the History Channel 's UFO Hunters entitled `` Military vs. UFOs '' , was aired . The episode focused on RAF Bentwaters ' 1956 and 1980 UFO incidents .
See also
List of former Royal Air Force stations
References
Citations
Bibliography
Ravenstein , Charles A. , Air Force Combat Wings Lineage and Honors Histories 1947-1977 , Office of Air Force History , 1984
Endicott , Judy G. , USAF Active Flying , Space , and Missile Squadrons as of 1 October 1995 . Office of Air Force History
Menard , David W. , Before Centuries . USAFE Fighters 1948-1959
Martin , Patrick , Tail Code : The Complete History Of USAF Tactical Aircraft Tail Code Markings , 1994
Rogers , Brian , United States Air Force Unit Designations Since 1978 , 2005
USAAS-USAAC-USAAF-USAF Aircraft Serial Numbers -- 1908 to present
Bentwaters Aviation Society History of RAF Bentwaters
External links
Bentwaters Aviation Society
Bentwaters Cold War Museum
Bentwaters Park
Space Cadets at Bentwaters - precise filming locations using online maps and aerial photos
Photographs of Bentwaters in use as a trackday venue
the UnOfficial 81st SPS RAF Bentwaters/Woodbridge Site - the UnOfficial gathering place for the men & women who served in the USAF 81st Security ( Air ) Police Squadron at RAF Bentwaters and RAF Woodbridge .
Royal Air Force stations in Suffolk
Installations of the United States Air Force in the United Kingdom
Military installations closed in 1993
1941 establishments in England
1993 disestablishments in England
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
Cold War museums in the United Kingdom
Eugene Nester is an American plant microbiologist who has made significant contributions to the field of microbe-host interactions in plants and especially on Agrobacterium species . They have been a member of the National Academy of Sciences since 1994 . They are an emeritus professor at the University of Washington .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American microbiologists
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
University of Washington faculty
Place of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century American biologists
21st-century American biologists
The USCGC Mustang ( WPB-1310 ) , ( named after Mustang Island off the coast of Texas ) , is an Island-class cutter of the United States Coast Guard . They are stationed in Seward , Alaska , at the top of the Gulf of Alaska . Mustang is one of seven Island-class patrol boats in Alaska . Them primary objective is maritime safety , though they are a multiple-role ship .
Design
The Island-class patrol boats were constructed in Bollinger Shipyards , Lockport , Louisiana . Mustang has an overall length of . It had a beam of and a draft of at the time of construction . The patrol boat has a displacement of at full load and at half load . It is powered two Paxman Valenta 16 CM diesel engines or two Caterpillar 3516 diesel engines . It has two 3304T diesel generators made by Caterpillar ; these can serve as motor–generators . Its hull is constructed from highly strong steel , and the superstructure and major deck are constructed from aluminium .
The Island-class patrol boats have maximum sustained speeds of . It is fitted with one cannon and two M60 light machine guns ; it may also be fitted with two Browning .50 Caliber Machine Guns . It is fitted with satellite navigation systems , collision avoidance systems , surface radar , and a Loran C system . It has a range of and an endurance of five days . Its complement is sixteen ( two officers and fourteen crew members ) . Island-class patrol boats are based on Vosper Thornycroft patrol boats and have similar dimensions .
References
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
1986 ships
Island-class patrol boats
Ships built in Lockport , Louisiana
Christos Vartzakis ( 1911 – 7 September 2009 ) was a Greek marathon runner . They won the Greek Championship in 1948 and 1953 .
Between the ages of 36 and 79 , Vartzakis participated in a university study on the effects of ageing on performance . The study showed that their average speed decreased by 30 % over a period of 43 years .
References
Further reading
Tsagkarakis , Kostas ; Christos Vartzakis : Running is my life ; General Secretariat for the Olympic Games , 2004 .
1911 births
2009 deaths
Greek male marathon runners
Giuseppe Michele Stratico ( 31 July 1728 – 31 January 1783 ) was a Venetian composer and violinist of Greek descent .
Biography
Stratico was born in Zara , Republic of Venice ( today Zadar in Croatia ) . Their father , the Cretan Greek Giuseppe Battista Stratico or Stratikos ( ca . 1690-28 November 1770 ) , left Crete shortly before 1718 . The island of Crete was declared a province of the Ottoman Empire in 1646 after the occupation of the western part of the Ottomans during the Great Cretan War . The Venetians maintained control of the capital until 1669 , when Francesco Morosini surrendered the keys of the city of Heraklion to the Ottomans . The fortresses of Souda , Gramvousa and Spinalonga , located on small islands near Crete , remained under Venetian control until 1715 , when they also fell under Ottoman control . After spending a few years in Bari , Giovanni Battista found shelter in Zara in 1720 or 1721 , where they married in 1725 Maria Castelli di Chio ( ca . 1700 – 18 April 1796 ) . Them brother , Ivan Antun II Castelli ( 1706–78 ) , was bishop of Kotor ( 1744 ) . On 5 November 1725 Giuseppe Battista confirmed their nobility from Crete at the civic municipality of the town Nin .
Four of their twelve children achieved distinction . Domenico ( 1732–1799 ) , who joined the Dominican Order , was a professor of biblical exegesis and Greek literature at the Universities of Siena ( 1763 ) and Pisa ( 1769 ) , and later the Bishop of Novigrad ( Istria ; 1776 ) and Hvar ( Dalmatia ; 1784 ) . Simone ( 1733–1824 ) was a prominent physicist , educator , and scientist known by Carlo Goldoni and Voltaire. < ref > Francesco Rossetti , Della vita e delle opere di Simeone Stratico , Memorie dell'Istituto veneto di scienze , lettere ed arti , XIX ( 1876 ) ; Šime Peričić , Zadranin Grgur Stratico ( 1736–1806 ) , Radovi Centra Jugoslavenske akademije znanosti i umjetnosti u Zadru . 21 ( 1974 ) . < /ref > In 1815 they wrote the treatise Tentativo per determinare la cagione fisica della diferenza delle voci unisoni , e della varia sensazione che esse producano , in which they discuss the differences between noises and sounds , timbre , articulation , and temperament . The fourth brother , Gregorio ( 1736–1806 ) , remained in Zadar occupied with legal , diplomatic , and historical work .
After receiving the rudiments of general education in their native Zadar , Giuseppe Michele continued their music studies with Giuseppe Tartini in Padua , and law at the University of Padua from 1737 to 1745 . They were supported there in particular by their uncle Antonio Stratico ( d.1758 ) , literary translator of Greek into Italian , amateur musician , and dean of the Collegio Cottunio , a boarding school for Greek boys , in Padua . Sometime between 1758 and 1763 they moved to Sanguinetto , a town near Verona , where they accepted the position of a vicario ( an advisor to the local governor on criminal matters ) . Their signature appears on a number of documents relating to legal matters in Sanguinetto , dated between 18 May 1763 and 19 September 1882 . The register of death at the parish church of San Giorgio Martire in Sanguinetto indicates that Stratico died of tuberculosis after four months of illness , in Sanguinetto on 31 January 1783 .
Career
Stratico became a violinist in the orchestra of the Basilica del Santo . In their Memorie sul violinista G. Tartini ( 1758 ) , the physicist Giordano Riccati mentioned that Stratico was an outstanding violinist in the orchestra of the Basilica del Santo . Their six sonatas for violin and violoncello or harpsichord , the only work published during their lifetime , came out through Peter Welcker in London , ca . 1763 . This edition might have been arranged by their brother Simeone , who around that time studied shipbuilding in England . The edition is dedicated to Girolamo Lion Cavazza , the Paduan nobleman who owned large properties in Sanguinetto . The latest information on Stratico as a composer comes from a 1776 letter in which Giovenale Sacchi , a musician and theorist from Milan , asked Giordano Riccati for an evaluation of Stratico 's works in order to include one of their pieces in an anthology of Psalms settings which they intended to publish .
Moving to Sanguinetto Stratico was able to focus their studies on music theory , especially deepening aspects of the axioms of mathematical and physical problems and intervals of dissonance and consonance . In their Trattato di musica , preserved in nine versions at the Biblioteca di San Marco , Venice , they discussed issues of temperament and intonation . They argued that temperament was nothing but a necessary evil , which makes instruments using it inferior to the string instruments . Stratico 's other treatise , Lo spirito tartiniano , written in the form of a dialogue between Tartini 's spirit and their sleeping student , discusses Tartini 's Dissertatione de ' principi dell'armonia contenuta nel diatonico genere . An undated letter of Stratico to Francescantonio Vallotti ( Biblioteca Antoniana , Padua ) affirms their discussions of music theory .
Artistic works
Stratico wrote some 280 instrumental works , including more than 170 sonatas for violin and bass . Their music is heavily influenced by Tartini , especially the violin concertos . An examination of their music reveals that they were a composer , devoted to instrumental virtuosity , but `` softened '' by the stability of rhythmic , melodic and harmonic structures characteristic of the Baroque . By combining the Classical harmonic progressions , chromatic sequences , and three- and four-bar thematic units with contrapuntal imitations , canon , and melodic sequences , Stratico stands at a turning point between the expiring Baroque and early Classicism . The opening movements of these works are often based on the contrasting thematic material which they developed in the movement 's middle section , anticipating the future sonata allegro form .
Compositions
The largest number of Stratico 's compositions ( 283 ) is kept at the library of the University of California , Berkeley , in a collection of the 18th-century Italian instrumental music . This collection was until 1950 in the possession of the Stecchini family from Bassano del Grappa , and it was purchased for the Berkeley library in 1959 . In their memoires dated 1814 , Paduan violin amateur Antonio Bonaventura Sberti mentioned that they owned two boxes of music among were kept `` tutte le opere del Corelli , grande numero di concerti , con suonate a solo violino e basso del Tartini , e del Sig . Michele Stratico , insigne aluno del gran Tartini , oltre duo sacchi di sinfonie , duetti , etc . di ottimi scrittori di musica '' , The other libraries preserving Stratico 's compositions include the Deutsche Staatsbibliothek , Berlin ; Biblioteca Estense , Modena ; the Capella Antoniana , Padua ; the Biblioteca di San Marco , Venice ; the Fondazione Ugo e Olga Levi , Venice ; and the Library of Congress , Washington , D.C .
6 sonatas for violin and cello / harpsichord , op.1 ( 1763 , London )
170 sonatas for violin
35 symphonies
6 string quartets ( concertina quartet )
50 approx . trio sonatas
15 duos for violin
61 violin concertos
2 concertos for two violins
Theoretical writings
Trattato di musica , manuscript at the Biblioteca di San Marco , Venice , MSS It.Cl . IV.342 ( =5347 ) , It.Cl . IV.343 ( =5348 ) , It.Cl . IV.341 ( =5346 ) .
Lo spirito Tartiniano , che dialogizza , e disputa con uno suo dormiente discepolo , sopra le materia più importanti contenute nella disertazione de ' principi del'armonia contenuta nel diatonico genere , stampata nel seminario di Padova nel 1767 , manuscript at the Biblioteca di San Marco , Venice , MSS It.Cl . IV.343 ( =5348 ) .
References
Duckles , Vincent & Elmer , Minnie , Thematic Catalogue of a Manuscript Collection of 18th-Century Italian Instrumental Music in the University of California ( Berkeley : University of California Press , 1963 ) , pp . 200–295 .
Riccati , Giordano , Memorie sul violinista G. Tartini ( 1774 ) , Il Sainto , IX/3 ( 1969 ) , pp . 407–423 .
Roeder , Michael Thomas , Sonatas , Concertos and Symphonies of Michael Stratico ( Ph.D . diss. , University of California , Santa Barbara , 1971 ) .
Finscher , Ludwig , Studien zur Geschichte des Streichquartets ( Kassel : Barenreiter , 1974 ) , vol . 1 , 44 .
Krpan , Erika , Gost : Stjepan Šulek [ Guest : Stjepan Šulek ] Od do 7–8 ( 1 July 1980 ) , 1–2 ( interview with the editor of the edition of Stratico 's four symphonies ) .
Blažeković , Zdravko , Elementi za životopis Josipa Mihovila Stratica , Radovi Zavoda za povijesne znanosti Jugoslavenske akademija znanosti i u umjetnosti Zadru , XXXII , pp . 109–38 ( 1990 ) .
Mann , Francia Fitch , Michele Stratico : The Opus 1 , Sei Sonate , and an edition of sonatas No . 2 and No . 6 , ( D.M.A . diss. , University of Nebraska , Lincoln , 1992 ) , 2 vols . .
Lindley , Mark , Der Tartini-Schüler Michele Stratico , Bericht über den Internationalen Musikwissenschaftlichen Kongress Bayreuth , ed . by Christoph-Hellmut Mahling ( Kassel : Barenreiter , 1981 ) , pp . 336–370 .
Konfic , Lucija , Josip Mihovil Stratico u Sanguinettu : Nova otkrića o skladateljevom životu i smrti [ Giuseppe Michele Stratico in Sanguinetto : New discoveries about the composer 's life and death ] , Arti musices '' , LXIII/1 ( 2012 ) , 89–99 .
External links
Giuseppe Michele Stratico 's Theoretical Treatises :
1728 births
1783 deaths
Italian Baroque composers
Italian male classical composers
Italian Roman Catholics
Italian violinists
Italian people of Greek descent
Greek classical composers
Male violinists
18th-century Italian composers
18th-century Italian male musicians
18th-century Greek musicians
Musicians from Zadar
Mawlana ( Arabic : مولانا ) , originally published under the title Our Protector , is 2012 a novel by Egyptian journalist Ibrahim Issa . It covers many topics , including some Islamic problems about the Prophet 's hadith , the Mu'tazilah , Shi'ism , the people of dhimmis , terrorism , and the sheikhs of satellite channels . Sheikh Hatem Al-Shennawi , who was called as `` Mawlana '' in the novel , they are the main character in the story , and they are a model for a flexible and cheerful preacher “ Daeia ” who takes into account the circumstances and requirements of this generation .
The most important features of this huge novel , which has 554 pages , is that it contains a linguistic texture in which the language , in the heritage language that is still able to communicate , the language of the Qur'an , hadith , jurisprudence and interpretation , and this is accompanied by the social , religious and political horizon and the writer 's point of view .
The novel will be turned into a series and will direct by Amro Arafa , Khaled Abu Al-Naja is the movie mine character . The novel was nominated for the International Prize for Arabic Fiction in 2013 .
Ibrahim Issa says about the novel : “ I started writing this novel in 2009 while I was opposing the former president , during my trials , and then my dismissal from the constitution . Writing until last March 2012 , it is one of the dearest novels to my heart . ''
References
Arabic-language novels
2012 novels
Egyptian novels
Sorolopha archimedias is a moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Edward Meyrick in 1912 . It is found in Thailand , China , Sri Lanka , India , Java and Queensland , Australia .
Description
The wingspan is about 15 mm . Adults have brown forewings with a pale area at the apex with a white outline containing a large brown spot , and a white outlined brown area of erect scales at the back of the thorax .
Etymology
The name refers to the brown arch of scales on the back of the thorax and is derived from Latin archi ( meaning arch ) and medias ( meaning middle ) .
Biology
The larvae feed on Cinnamomum verum , Cinnamomum camphora , Syzygium aromaticum and Litsea glutinosa . They live in a silken web , spun between the leaves of the host plant .
References
Moths described in 1912
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Moths of Australia
Callimetopus panayanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Schultze in 1920 , originally under the genus Euclea . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1920
Masihabad ( ) may refer to :
Masihabad , Semnan
Tomás Guillermo T. del Rosario ( February 10 , 1857 – July 4 , 1913 ) was a Filipino judge and statesman who served as the first Governor of the province of Bataan from 1903 to 1905 . They are remembered for advocating the separation of church and state .
Del Rosario was born to Cipriano del Rosario and Severina Tongco in Binondo , Manila . They were a judge of the First Instance of Manila from 1888 to 1896 . They were deported to Ceuta , Africa from 1896 to 1897 for alleged involvement in the revolution . Upon their return , they became a delegate of Surigao in the Malolos Congress in 1898 and delegate to the Philippine Assembly from 1909 to 1912 .
On 2007 , the National Historical Institute and provincial government of Bataan unveiled the Gov . Tomás del Rosario marker at the compound in front of the provincial capitol in Balanga .
References
1857 births
1914 deaths
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Surigao del Norte
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Surigao del Sur
People from Binondo
Governors of Bataan
Filipino judges
Members of the Malolos Congress
Members of the Philippine Legislature
Forgue is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire . It lies northwest of Aberdeen and northeast of Huntly . The Glendronach distillery is located in Forgue .
Notable residents
George Bartlet , Dean of Aberdeen and Orkney
Sir George Stuart Forbes , Indian civil servant
John Fordyce , missionary
George Garden , religious controversialist
General Sir Alexander Leith , British soldier
J Cameron Peddie , preacher
John Stuart , archivist and genealogist
Thomas Thain , Canadian politician
George Thom , mathematician and educator
Bell Duncan , Scottish traditional singer
See also
Listed buildings in Forgue
References
External links
A history of Forgue
Hamlets in Scotland
Villages in Aberdeenshire
James William Robinson ( January 19 , 1878 – December 2 , 1964 ) was an American attorney and politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives for Utah 's 2nd congressional district from 1933 to 1947 .
Early life and education
Born in Coalville in the Utah Territory , Robinson attended public schools . They graduated from Brigham Young University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1908 and received their LL.B . from the University of Chicago Law School in 1912 .
Career
While attending college and law school . Robinson served as principal of Uinta Academy in Vernal , Utah , and Wasatch High School in Heber , Utah . They were admitted to the bar in 1912 and practiced law in Utah County , Utah from 1912 to 1933 .
Robinson served as county attorney of Utah County from 1918 to 1921 and was the Democratic candidate for attorney general of Utah in 1924 . They served as member of the board of regents of the University of Utah from 1925 to 1935 .
Robinson was elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-third and to the six succeeding Congresses ( March 4 , 1933 – January 3 , 1947 ) . They served as chairperson of the Committee on Public Lands ( Seventy-sixth and Seventy-seventh Congresses ) , Committee on Roads ( Seventy-eighth and Seventy-ninth Congresses ) .
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1946 to the Eightieth Congress . They served as director of grazing in the Bureau of Land Management from January 3 , 1947 to January 31 , 1949 . They then returned to Salt Lake City , Utah .
Personal life
Robinson died in Escondido , California , December 2 , 1964 and is buried in Provo City Cemetery , Provo .
See also
List of members of the House Un-American Activities Committee
Sources
1878 births
1964 deaths
American Latter Day Saints
Brigham Young University alumni
University of Chicago Law School alumni
University of Utah people
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
People from Coalville , Utah
On Tat ( ) is one of the 40 constituencies in the Kwun Tong District .
Created for the 2019 District Council elections , the constituency returns one district councillor to the Kwun Tong District Council , with an election every four years .
On Tat loosely covers part of the public housing estate On Tat Estate in Sau Mau Ping . It has projected population of 19,618 .
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Sau Mau Ping
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Kwun Tong District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
Braffetsville is an unincorporated community in Darke County , in the U.S. state of Ohio .
History
Braffetsville was laid out in 1834 . The town site was located on the railroad .
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County , Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Kappa Sigma Kappa ( ) is the name of three separate college fraternities , sharing a common history and traditions but disconnected by decades and a break in organizational continuity .
The original incarnation of Kappa Sigma Kappa was formed at Virginia Military Institute on . Most of its active chapters merged into Phi Delta Theta in . A larger , second incarnation sparked by the memory of the first group at the University of Virginia was formed approximately fifty years after the first merger , leading to the creation of over seventy new chapters . Many of these would later merge into Theta Xi , in . Some Kappa Sigma Kappa 's chapters were unable to join in this merger due to NIC rules , leading to a third incarnation of the fraternity , but a decade later , in the late 's , the national organization dissipated as a formal entity . One chapter remained active until .
First incarnation ( 1867–1886 )
History
Kappa Sigma Kappa was founded at Virginia Military Institute on , by four cadets :
John M. Tutwiler
James Gunnell Hurst
Kenneth McDonald
David Gamble Murrell
On that night , Cadet Tutwiler invited the three other cadets to their room where the fraternity was founded . The original name selected for the fraternity was C.E.C. , but it was soon changed to Kappa Sigma Kappa . The letters `` C.E.C . '' would continue to retain ritual significance in the new fraternity . As a result of their efforts , ten chapters had been chartered by .
After the closure of several chapters , five of its remaining chapters became part of Phi Delta Theta in . One chapter merged into Sigma Nu .
Symbols and traditions
The badge was a gold Jerusalem cross in the center of which is a circular black enameled disc displaying the letters of the fraternity . The letters `` C.E.C . '' are engraved on the back of every badge .
Chapter list
These are the chapters of the first iteration of Kappa Sigma Kappa , many of which left to join Phi Delta Theta in . Those listed in bold continued with another organization , those listed in italics were dormant when the fraternity disbanded .
Second incarnation ( 1935–1962 )
History
Almost fifty years after the original fraternity had dissolved , a group of four students at the University of Virginia desired to form a new social fraternity in 1935 . They were attracted to the Kappa Sigma Kappa badge , so they decided to revive the former fraternity as their own . After searching the University of Virginia archives , the students found the names of three members from the old Delta chapter who were still alive , including two charter members . They then discovered that one of the founders of the original fraternity , Kenneth McDonald , was still alive and living in San Francisco , California . The students made contact with McDonald , and they assisted them in redeveloping the fraternity and learning many of the original fraternity traditions . The second incarnation of Kappa Sigma Kappa was officially established in . Seven chapters of the new Kappa Sigma Kappa were established before World War II .
After the war , the fraternity placed an emphasis on expansion . New chapters were rapidly established , and members of the fraternity felt the need to become better organized on a national level . The fraternity held its first national convention in St. Louis , Missouri in 1948 . National conventions continued to be held every year , but the fraternity still lacked a strong national organization . Although the fraternity had experienced great growth in the years after the war , Kappa Sigma Kappa found itself struggling by the early 1950s . It had allowed several chapters on campuses of unaccredited schools , and as a result Kappa Sigma Kappa was unable to obtain membership in the National Interfraternity Conference ( NIC ) . As a result of its lack of NIC membership , lack of uniform chapter operations , and lack of a strong national organization and central office , Kappa Sigma Kappa began rapidly losing its chapters in the 1950s as they began to affiliate with other NIC fraternities .
Kappa Sigma Kappa saw a merger with Theta Xi as its opportunity to repair its rapidly deteriorating situation . Following a series of meetings , the national organization of Kappa Sigma Kappa officially merged with Theta Xi on . As a result of the merger , twenty-one chapters of Kappa Sigma Kappa located at accredited schools became chapters of Theta Xi . In addition , one further chapter of Kappa Sigma Kappa at Lawrence Technological University joined when the school was accredited . Each of the chapters was given a new Greek-letter chapter designation that was prefaced by the letter Kappa .
Merger symbolism
As part of the terms of the merger , the fraternity flower of Theta Xi was changed from the white carnation to the blue iris . The Theta Xi coat of arms was modified to replace its fleurs-de-lis with upright crescents , and the fraternity pledge manual title was changed from The Theta Xi Pledge Manual to The Quest For Theta Xi .
Chapter list
Chapters that were active at the time of the Theta Xi merger , or which had withdrawn from the national fraternity as new local chapters or to join another national fraternity , are noted in bold . Dormant chapters at that time are noted in italics .
Several chapters were noted by the Baird 's Archive as forming post-merger with the support of the remaining chapters of . This was the `` third iteration '' of the fraternity . These are listed separately , below .
Third incarnation ( 1962–1992 )
Seven active chapters of the former Kappa Sigma Kappa fraternity were not accepted by Theta Xi in the 1962 merger because they were located at unaccredited schools . Although their national organization had merged and was now a part of Theta Xi , these seven chapters formed a new national structure and continued to use the Kappa Sigma Kappa name . In turn , they began approving new chapters of Kappa Sigma Kappa on more campuses , often at community colleges . During the late 1970s , the national organization dissolved but the Pennsylvania Alpha chapter remained active until 1992 .
Chapter list
Chapters held over into the third iteration of the Kappa Sigma Kappa or created after the merger , include the following . Those that merged or withdrew into another national organization are noted in bold , those that were dormant at the late- 's dissolution of the national fraternity are noted in italics .
{ | class= '' wikitable sortable ''
! Chapter
! Date
! College or University
! Location
! Status
! Notes
|-
| Maryland Alpha
| – ?
| University of Baltimore
| Baltimore , Maryland
| Dormant
|
|-
| Illinois Epsilon
| –
| Chicago Technical College
| Chicago , Illinois
| Dormant
|
|-
| New York Gamma
| –
| Erie County Technical Institute
| Buffalo , New York
| Dormant
|
|-
| Illinois Zeta ?
| –19xx ? , –19xx ?
| Quincy College
| Quincy , Illinois
| Dormant ?
|
|-
| Indiana Gamma
| –
| Tri-State University ( now Trine University )
| Angola , Indiana
| Withdrew ( )
|
|-
| New York Eta
| –
| Westchester Community College
| Valhalla , New York
| Dormant
|
|-
| New York Theta
| –19xx ?
| Hudson Valley Community College
| Troy , New York
| Dormant
|
|-
| New Jersey Alpha
| –197x ?
| Mercer County Community College
| Trenton , New Jersey
| Dormant
|
|-
| Pennsylvania Alpha| –
| Spring Garden College
| Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
| Dormant
|
|-
| Missouri Alpha| –197x ?
| Finley College of Engineering
| Kansas City , Missouri
| Dormant
|
|-
| Texas Alpha| –197x ?
| University of Corpus Christi
| Corpus Christi , Texas
| Dormant
|
|-
| Maryland Beta| 196x–
| Baltimore College of Commerce
| Baltimore , Maryland
| Merged ( MD Alpha chapter )
|
|-
| New York Kappa Colony| 1994–197x ?
| State University of New York , Brockport
| Brockport , New York
| Dormant
|
| }
There may have been up to 30 chapters in this third iteration of the fraternity . While not listed in Baird 's Archive ( as of ) , the Quincy College Gyrfalcon yearbook '' of clearly notes re-establishment of on that campus that year , occurring post-merger as part of the third iteration of the fraternity . That same reference notes there being 30 chapters of the fraternity at that time . Thus some chapters may be missing from this third chapter list .
Notes
See also
Phi Delta Theta
Theta Xi
References
Virginia Military Institute
University of Virginia
Student organizations established in 1867
Student organizations established in 1935
Student societies in the United States
Defunct fraternities and sororities
1867 establishments in Virginia
Superleague Formula was an open wheel single seater motor racing formula , which started in 2008 , at Donington Park in the United Kingdom . The league introduced team sponsorship by association football clubs . It used the slogan 'The Beautiful Race : Football at 300 km/h ' . By 2011 the link with football was fading with more than half the teams no longer associated with football teams . It was founded by business people Alex Andreu and Robin Webb . On 19 May 2010 , Andreu stepped down in their role as series president , with Alfredo Brisac named as their successor not many weeks later . The season ran between April and November at the same time as most other European race series . Every team used identical cars and 750-horsepower V-12 engines . The Sonangol Group was the series ' title sponsor from June 2009 until the end of the 2010 season .
The future of the championship was in doubt after the cancellation of over three-quarters of 2011 season events . In April 2012 , when most European motor racing started , there had been no news or information regarding the possibility of a 2012 or 2013 season running . The website updates ceased in 2011 , and no further seasons were organised .
History
Continuing the concept of Premier 1 Grand Prix , the Superleague Formula was announced in 2005 , receiving the full approval of the FIA in December 2005 . The goal was to have a starting grid of twenty teams , each with one car . Much of the sales , marketing and technology work would be handled centrally by the league , thus affording a considerable cost-savings to the teams .
The inaugural season , in 2008 , was won by Chinese club Beijing Guoan , driven by Italian FIA GT Championship racer , Davide Rigon . The season consisted of six double-headers , featuring 18 clubs , and also brought victories for Liverpool F.C. , A.C. Milan , PSV Eindhoven , F.C . Porto , Sevilla FC , Al Ain and Borussia Dortmund . Superleague Formula 's debut race was seen in 62 countries , and 100,000 people watched the twelve races , with 34,000 fans attending the last race in Jerez , broadcast live in 70 countries .
In 2009 , the second season was won by English club Liverpool F.C. , driven by Spanish racer Adrián Vallés . The season consisted of six double-headers , featuring 19 clubs , and brought first victories for Tottenham Hotspur , FC Basel 1893 , Rangers F.C. , Olympiacos CFP , Sporting CP , R.S.C . Anderlecht and Galatasaray S.K . This was the first season to feature the Super Final format , adding a six car shootout to four of the six rounds . The races were broadcast in 62 countries to a reach of 100 million people .
2010 was the third season and saw the biggest change yet , with the calendar increased from six to twelve race weekends and another increase to both race event and end-of-season prize money . An average of 18 clubs competed at each event throughout the season . In a pre-season interview , Superleague Formula 's Competition Director Robin Webb said ,
After its biggest growth in 2010 , 2011 saw a significant contraction with just six football clubs continuing their association into the series fourth season . The remaining cars carried national identities with many more closely associated with the competing drivers rather than any football connection . While an ambitious calendar was announced , several races were cancelled and relocated and as late as September organisers were still seeking to confirm some of its late season races , leaving doubt as to whether the series would have more than half the races of the 2010 season .
After the cancellation of the 2011 Chinese rounds , there were no news reports on the 2012 season . With many drivers and teams having joined other series , as well as no updates from the Superleague Formula website , the series was discontinued after just four seasons of racing .
Champions
Race format
Superleague Formula 's race format incorporated a Saturday qualification and races on Sunday , one with a reverse grid . For each round , the competing teams competed for prize money , plus points in a yearly championship .
2008
Saturday : 45-minute free practice session , qualifying and rookie session .
Sunday : Two 45-minute races ( one with reverse grid ) .
€1 million prize money per race weekend .
New in 2009
Saturday : Two 45-minute free practice sessions , 1-hour rookie session and qualifying .
Sunday : Two '44-minute plus a lap ' races ( the latter with reverse grid ) .
Compulsory pit stop in Races 1 and 2 which must be made between laps 8 and 20 . Both races feature a rolling start .
A third , 5 lap 'Super Final ' race in 4 of the 6 events in which the weekend 's top six cars/drivers , found based on their combined points scores from the first two races , race to decide a 'Weekend Winner ' and the distribution of prize money . This race begins with a standing start .
€333,000 prize money to share per race weekend , including €5,000 for Race 1 pole position and €3,000 , €2,000 and €1,000 for the three podium positions in the first two races as well as overall weekend prize money for the top 20 cars by performance , the most one club can get per weekend is €111,000 .
New in 2010
Race and qualifying format was largely unchanged from the 2009 season , although practice sessions moved to Friday .
There was a 'Super Final ' race at the end of all twelve events instead of just at select weekends , and which counted for points .
The series offered the biggest prize fund in European motorsport with the end-of-season champions set to earn €1 million in prize money . €500,000 went to second place and €250,000 to the third place entry . Over €5 million in total was on offer throughout 2010 , with €100,000 going to the 'Weekend Winner ' of each of the twelve rounds . It was therefore possible for an entry to earn up to €2.2 million over the course of the season .
Drivers had to finish a race , not only start , in order to score points .
Qualifying
Superleague Formula employed a unique qualifying system based on a group stage to knock-out format used in some football tournaments :
There was a draw on the Friday to split cars in Group A and Group B
No refueling or tyre changing could take place during the qualifying
Each group in turn had a 15-minute ( 2008-2009 ) /10-minute ( 2010 ) session to try to be in the fastest four in that group
Five slowest from the group of the fastest driver went 9th , 11th , 13th , 15th , 17th on the grid
Five slowest from the other group went 10th , 12th , 14th , 16th , 18th on the grid
Quarter Final 1 : first from the fastest group versus fourth from slowest : single flying lap : loser went 8th on the grid
Quarter Final 2 : first from the slowest group versus fourth from fastest : single flying lap : loser went 7th on the grid
Quarter Final 3 : second from the fastest group versus third from slowest : single flying lap : loser went 6th on the grid
Quarter Final 4 : second from the slowest group versus third from fastest : single flying lap : loser went 5th on the grid
Semi Final 1 : winner from quarter final 1 versus winner from quarter final 4 : single flying lap : loser goes 4th on the grid
Semi Final 2 : winner from quarter final 2 versus winner from quarter final 3 : single flying lap : loser went 3rd on the grid
Final : single flying lap : loser went 2nd on the grid , winner got pole position
Scoring system
The championship was decided by points , which were awarded according to the position in which a driver classifies at the end of each race , of which there were three per race weekend . The points were allocated as follows :
Race 1 and 2 points
Super Final points ( since 2010 )
For the first two seasons the driver did not need to finish the race in order to collect points , but did have to start . However , in 2010 a driver needs to start and finish the race in order to score . The same points are awarded for Race 1 as Race 2 , despite Race 2 having a reverse grid with the slowest given the advantage at the front . In 2009 began the running of a third race , a 'Super Final ' , at the end of certain weekends , however no points were awarded this race . As a result , the maximum number of points any football club/driver could score in one round during 2008 or 2009 was 100 , by winning both main races . This feat was n't achieved although Sébastien Bourdais , Craig Dolby , Robert Doornbos and Max Wissel all scored 90 points in a weekend by finishing either 2nd and 2nd or 1st and 3rd .
In 2010 however , with the Super Final also counting for points and 6 points going to the winner , the maximum points haul was now 106 , achieved by winning all three races during the weekend . The record was 92 points , held by Craig Dolby from the 2010 Silverstone Superleague Formula round .
Entrants
Each Superleague Formula car represented a football club or national team .
Twenty-three football clubs and ten country-represented cars started at least one race in Superleague Formula , and all are listed in the table below :
Circuits
All of the circuits were existing racetracks except for the Beijing International Street Circuit which was constructed for this competition . Most of the rounds were held in Europe , although rounds were held in China . In total , 21 different circuits from 8 countries have hosted a race weekend . The first to do so was Donington Park , where the first races , at its 2008 round , were held . Only Circuit Zolder hosted races in every season of the competition .
In July 2010 , it was announced that the series would race for the first time outside of Europe by having two events in two successive weekends in China on 3 & 10 October that same year . Robin Webb described the venture as `` a significant moment in the championship 's history '' .
Drivers and teams
Notable drivers and teams
Broadcasting and media
Fans globally were able to view the championship on national TV channels or via live streaming from the Superleague Formula website . Video highlights of every race from every weekend were also available for streaming from their website .
Expansion plans
In June 2009 , Robin Webb stated they wanted the formula to eventually increase to 26 cars and a more diverse range of circuits . They expected the formula to attract more big global clubs and was keen to promote the idea that `` Superleague Formula combines the passion of football with the thrill of auto racing '' .
Technology
The cars were built by Panoz Auto Development under the Élan Motorsport Technologies banner and officially named the Panoz DP09 . They are powered by 750 bhp , 4.2 litre , V12 engines designed by US-owned Menard Competition Technologies . The cars complied with the same safety standards as 2008 Formula One cars . Élan previously manufactured the Panoz DP01 for the Champ Car series , as well as cars for other championships .
The chassis was built with a two-metre wide track , using under-body aerodynamics to create the needed conditions for increased overtaking opportunities . The cars were subjected to the lengthy FIA safety tests during development stages in 2007 .
Car details
Carbon fibre tub for extreme strength/lightness
Under-body aerodynamics to facilitate nose-to-tail driving/overtaking
Hewland 6 speed LSFA sequential gearbox with Hewland semi-automatic system
Pi `` SIGMA '' based dashboard / data logging system
‘ Slick ' racing style tyres with no grooves or tread
Weight Target : 750 kg
Wheels supplied by OZ Racing and tyres by Michelin
Brembo brakes
Pi Research electronics
Engine details
No of Cylinders : 12
Capacity : 4.2 litres
Configuration : 60 degrees V formation
Weight : Dry
Peak Power : @ 11,750 rpm
Maximum RPM : 12,000
Peak Torque : 510 N·m ( 376 ft·lb ) @ 9,500-10,500
Regulations
The cars were driven without the aid of traction control , launch control or anti-stall , leaving a lot down to the skill of the driver .
Michelin were the sole tyre supplier in Superleague Formula . Cars were allowed four new sets of tyres throughout a race weekend , lasting practice sessions , qualifying and all the races . Under conditions of rain , there was no limit to how many sets of wet tyres that can be used .
A new 'Push to Pass ' button was fitted to cars for 2010 . The idea , previously successful in A1 Grand Prix , gave the car 12,000rpm for a minimum of 15 seconds , 1,000rpm more than the normal rev limit of 11,000rpm . Drivers could use the extra horsepower advantage to attempt to overtake another car . After the 15 seconds , the 'power boost ' stopped once the car 's revs dropped back to below 9,000rpm . The 'Push to Pass ' button could be used a maximum of eight times by a driver during both races . After a period on the 'power boost ' , the extra power option was unavailable for 120 seconds . The 'Push to Pass ' option was not available during practice sessions or qualifying .
Performance
At Magny-Cours in 2009 , the best qualifying time for a Superleague Formula car was 1:26.391 , almost 11.5 seconds slower than the fastest qualifying time for an F1 car in 2008 of 1:15.024 . Both Superleague Formula and Formula One raced at Monza in 2009 where similar dry qualifying conditions meant a better time comparison was possible . The fastest F1 time at the 2009 Italian Grand Prix was a 1:22.955 , whereas at the 2009 Monza Superleague Formula round , a month later , the fastest SF time was 1:36.444 , 13.5 seconds slower . This makes the speed of Superleague Formula car comparable to the World Series by Renault cars .
On 14 January 2010 , Menard Competition Technologies received a Motorsport Industry Association 's award for Technology and Innovation for its `` outstanding design and engineering work undertaken on the Superleague V12 racing engine '' .
Other ventures
A video game for Superleague Formula was made by Media Game and Image Space Incorporated and released for PC on 31 October 2009 , although it was originally announced to be released in September . The game , released for download by the series ' official website , featured 18 clubs and 6 circuits from in the 2009 season . During the 2009 Donington round some star drivers tested out the new game and gave it positive feedback .
See also
List of Superleague Formula records
References
External links
Superleague Formula Official Website ( Archived from 2011
V12 Racing : Independent Superleague Formula Fansite Magazine
Superleague Formula at thenewsmarket.com
Superleague Formula Official Facebook Fan Page
Superleague Formula Official Twitter Fan Page
Superleague Formula Official Youtube Channel
Formula racing series
Formula racing
Recurring events established in 2008
Association football culture
Recurring events disestablished in 2011
Defunct auto racing series
Udvada railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway in the state of Gujarat , India . Udvada railway station is 17 km far away from Valsad railway station . Passenger , MEMU and few Express trains halt at Udvada railway station .
In 2019 , a new heritage look will be given to 123 years old Udvada railway station . Structure of new building will resemble Parsi religion 's carved house type structure .
References
See also
Valsad district
Railway stations in Valsad district
Mumbai WR railway division
The New Noah is a book written by British naturalist and writer Gerald Durrell . It was first published by Collins in 1955 .
The book is an account for older children of their various expeditions to collect animals for zoos , to some extent an anthology of the best bits from various previous accounts .
References
External links
The New Noah by Gerald Durrell at shoarns.com
Gerald Durrell
1955 non-fiction books
William Collins , Sons books
Zoology books
Wilcox County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 9,255 . The county seat is Abbeville .
History
Wilcox County was formed on December 22 , 1857 , from parts of Irwin , Pulaski , and Dooly counties . The county was named for General Mark Wilcox , a Georgia state legislator and one of the founders of the Georgia Supreme Court .
The first county courthouse was built in 1858 ; the present courthouse dates from 1903 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.2 % ) is water .
The northern and eastern three-quarters of Wilcox County , from State Route 215 southeast to Rochelle , then due south , are located in the Lower Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin . The southwestern portion of the county , west of Rochelle , and roughly centered on Pitts , is located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin .
Adjacent counties
Pulaski County - north
Dodge County - east
Telfair County - east
Ben Hill County - south
Turner County - southwest
Crisp County - west
Dooly County - northwest
Major highways
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 280
State Route 11
State Route 30
State Route 90
State Route 112
State Route 159
State Route 215
State Route 233
State Route 257
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 8,577 people , 2,785 households , and 1,977 families living in the county . The population density was 23 people per square mile ( 9/km2 ) . There were 3,320 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 62.61 % White , 36.21 % Black or African American , 0.09 % Native American , 0.16 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.48 % from other races , and 0.43 % from two or more races . 1.62 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 2,785 households , out of which 32.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 52.10 % were married couples living together , 15.00 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.00 % were non-families . 26.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 13.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.09 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 22.80 % under the age of 18 , 9.60 % from 18 to 24 , 31.20 % from 25 to 44 , 22.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.50 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 123.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 131.00 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 27,483 , and the median income for a family was $ 34,968 . Males had a median income of $ 27,171 versus $ 20,366 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,014 . About 16.80 % of families and 21.00 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 29.80 % of those under age 18 and 21.30 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 9,255 people , 2,891 households , and 2,027 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 3,510 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.7 % white , 35.1 % black or African American , 0.5 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 1.6 % from other races , and 1.0 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.7 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 11.1 % were American , 10.1 % were Irish , 9.2 % were English , and 6.1 % were German .
Of the 2,891 households , 32.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.2 % were married couples living together , 15.7 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.9 % were non-families , and 25.9 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.50 and the average family size was 3.00 . The median age was 39.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 30,784 and the median income for a family was $ 40,552 . Males had a median income of $ 30,755 versus $ 26,641 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 12,692 . About 18.4 % of families and 25.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 40.6 % of those under age 18 and 24.9 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 8,766 people , 2,575 households , and 1,807 families residing in the county .
Education
The county is served by Wilcox County Schools . The district headquarters are in Abbeville and the schools , including Wilcox County High School , are in Rochelle .
Notable event
The Ocmulgee Wild Hog Festival takes place in Abbeville annually on the Saturday before Mother 's Day .
Communities
Cities
Abbeville
Pitts
Rochelle
Town
Pineview
Census-designated place
Seville
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wilcox County , Georgia
References
External links
Official website of Wilcox County
Wilcox County Schools website
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1857 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1857
Septimus Holmes Godson ( 1799-1877 ) was a British barrister who was called to the bar at Gray 's Inn in 1837 . They were the youngest son of William Godson who died in 1822 . Their brother was Richard Godson ( 1797-1849 ) who was member of Parliament for St Albans in 1831-32 and then Kidderminster 1832-34 and 1837–1849 .
In 1830 , Godson married Susannah Courtoy ( 1807-1895 ) , daughter of Hannah Courtoy .
References
British barristers
Septimus
1799 births
1877 deaths
Juan Alberto Castro ( 12 June 1934 – 12 July 1979 ) was an Argentine footballer . They played in two matches for the Argentina national football team in 1957 . They were also part of Argentina 's squad for the 1957 South American Championship .
References
External links
1934 births
1979 deaths
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Sportspeople from Córdoba , Argentina
Association football forwards
Rosario Central footballers
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Club Atlético Atlanta footballers
Newell 's Old Boys footballers
Club Atlético Colón footballers
Domaine Pinnacle is a family-owned orchard , cidery , and maple-grove located near the village of Frelighsburg in the Eastern Townships of Quebec , Canada .
Founded in 2000 by Charles Crawford and Susan Reid as a cidery , the company 's products are available today in more than 50 countries , having won more than 60 gold medals in prestigious national and international competitions .
In 2016 , it sold its spirit business to Corby Spirit and Wine . Also in 2016 , the cider business got integrated in the newly formed CidreCo venture .
Location
Located near Mount Pinnacle in Frelighsburg , the estate hosts century-old apple orchards and a farmhouse originally built in 1859 . The farmhouse 's distinguishing feature is an octagonal rooftop lookout turret that was used to keep a watch on the nearby Vermont border . Local residents claim that , in its first years , the house served as a stop on the famous underground railroad providing a safe haven for slaves seeking freedom .
Many years later , it became a convenient meeting place for bootleggers during the Prohibition Era .
Also located on the property is Domaine Pinnacle 's boutique , open year-round to the public and offering tastings of products with appropriate food pairings , self-guided tours and an interpretation center demonstrating the company 's heritage and production process .
Products
Ice Cider : Domaine Pinnacle Ice Cider , Domaine Pinnacle Sparkling Ice Cider , Domaine Pinnacle Signature Réserve Spéciale Ice Cider , Domaine Pinnacle Summit Selection Ice Cider , Domaine Pinnacle Summit Selection Sparkling Ice Cider , Domaine Pinnacle Reserve 1859 , Coureur des Bois Maple Ice Cider , Reflet d'Hiver
Hard Cider : Domaine Pinnacle Verger Sud Still Cider , Domaine Pinnacle Verger Sud Sparkling Cider , Origine Still Cider , Origine Sparkling Cider
Cream Liqueur : Domaine Pinnacle Crème de Pommes , Coureur des Bois Maple Syrup Cream Liqueur , Cabot Trail Maple Syrup Cream Liqueur
Canadian Whisky : Coureur des Bois Canadian Whisky and Maple Syrup Liqueur , Cabot Trail Canadian Whisky and Maple Syrup Liqueur
Ice Cider Eau de Vie : Pomme Emprisonnée
Gin : Ungava Canadian Premium Gin
Rum : Chic Choc Spiced Rum
Vodka : Quartz Vodka
Whisky : Canadian Shield
Product timeline
See also
Ice Cider
Cream Liqueur
References
Companies based in Quebec
Işıklar is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 194 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
West Quoddy is a rural community on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia , Canada , in the Halifax Regional Municipality . It is located along the Marine Drive on Nova Scotia Trunk 7 about east of Sheet Harbour , Nova Scotia . The community is located at the mouth of the Quoddy River and the head of Quoddy Harbour . Several small islands are located in the harbour .
Settlement of the area began around 1820 . The modern-day name for the settlement is derived from the mi'kmaq name for the area , Noodakwade , meaning `` the seal hunting place '' . The settlement was previously known as West Newdy Quoddy , an anglicized version of the native name . Several variations of the name of the community were used as well , including Noody Quoddy , Noody Quoday and Newdiquoddy . A Presbyterian church was opened on October 19 , 1873 , and a Baptist church was built in the community in 1954 and dedicated on July 19 of the same year . A schoolhouse was built in 1876 and a new school was built in 1945 .
The headwaters of Quoddy River are the Chain Lakes , at an approximate elevation of , about northwest of the community . The river progresses southeast-ward , passing through Quoddy Lake , as well as the Fourth and Third Lakes . The river continues in its general direction and flows through the Second and First Lakes before culminating in The Bridges Pool and flowing under Trunk 7 and into Quoddy Harbour .
References
Bibliography
Communities in Halifax , Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Cylicobdellidae is a family of leeches belonging to the order Arhynchobdellida .
Genera
The Interim Register of Marine and Non-marine Genera lists :
Abessebdella Richardson , 1975
Aetheobdella Moore , 1935
Amicibdella Richardson , 1974
Anphilaemon Richardson , 1979
Bassianobdella Richardson , 1970
Blanchardiella Weber , 1914
Castrabdella Richardson , 1975
Cedbdella Richardson , 1975
Cylicobdella Grube , 1871
Dineta Goddard , 1909
Domanibdella Richardson , 1974
Elocobdella Richardson , 1975
Eucryptobdella Richardson , 1975
Eunomobdella Richardson , 1969
Euranophila Richardson , 1969
Fijibdella Richardson , 1975
Goddardobdella Richardson , 1969
Habeobdella Richardson , 1971
Hirudinaria Whitman , 1886
Hirudobdella Goddard , 1910
Ichtyobdella Örsted , 1844
Illebdella Richardson , 1974
Jaabdella Richardson , 1975
Kaiyabdella Richardson , 1972
Keibdella Richardson , 1975
Leiobdella Richardson , 1974
Mahebdella Richardson , 1978
Micobdella Richardson , 1974
Neoterrabdella Richardson , 1969
Philaemon Lambert , 1898
Phytobdella Blanchard , 1894
Placobdelloides Sawyer , 1986
Priscabdella Richardson , 1973
Quaesitobdella Richardson , 1975
Quantenobdella Richardson , 1969
Rennlbdella Richardson , 1975
Richardsonianus Soos , 1968
Samoabdella Richardson , 1975
Sibdella Richardson , 1975
Xenobdella Richardson , 1975
References
Annelid families
Leeches
Dorcadion ganglbaueri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Jakovlev in 1897 . It is known from Kazakhstan .
Subspecies
Dorcadion ganglbaueri ganglbaueri Jakovlev , 1897
Dorcadion ganglbaueri paveli Danilevsky , 2013
See also
Dorcadion
References
ganglbaueri
Beetles described in 1897
Robert R. Hatten is an American regionally prominent trial attorney specializing in asbestos . They litigate mostly in Newport News , Virginia .
Cases
Hatten 's firm Patten , Wornom , Hatten & Diamonstein handles most of the asbestos injury cases in the Newport News region .
Exxon
In March 2011 , a jury in Newport News awarded about $ 25 million to a former shipyard worker named Rubert Minton . Minton had worked on 17 different Exxon tankers over the course of their career . Decades later they began to suffer from mesothelioma . They filed suit against Exxon in 2009 . Minton 's lead attorney was Robert R. Hatten . Hatten said the award would be reduced to about $ 17.5 million because the $ 12.5 million in punitive damages awarded by the jury exceeded the $ 5 million that had been demanded by Minton .
Controversy
Newport News has been named a `` judicial hellhole '' by the American Tort Reform Association for supposedly favoring plaintiffs over defendants . Hatten has consistently defended the practices of the Newport News Circuit Court . In one notable op-ed they wrote , `` Newport News judges have been faithfully following the law , not making it , and not tilting it . These judges are neither plaintiff friendly nor business friendly . They do n't need friends in the courtroom — they need respect . [ The head of ATRA ] owes them a public apology for impugning their integrity . ''
Hatten was featured prominently in the documentary UnSettled as spokesperson for the asbestos plaintiff 's bar .
Public service
Hatten was appointed to Christopher Newport University 's Board of Visitors on June 2 , 2015 , by Gov . Terry McAuliffe . They were voted as Rector of the board on September 24 , 2018 .
Campaign donations
Patten , Wornom , Hatten and Diamonstein , Robert Hatten 's law firm , gave $ 500 to Gary Anderson , a candidate for Circuit Court Clerk in Newport News in 2017 . In 2016 , Hatten , along with Lindsey Carney and Alan Diamonstein , gave $ 2,090 in in-kind services to Mike Mullin , a candidate for Newport News city council .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American lawyers
Cerro de Charo is a hill in the Province of Huesca , northeastern Spain . It has an elevation of 994 metres .
Geography of the Province of Huesca
Mountains of the Pyrenees
Bünüş is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 39 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
The 2016–17 season was Burnley 's 135th competitive season and their first season back in the Premier League , just one campaign after their relegation in 2014–15 . Along with the Premier League , the club also competed in the FA Cup and Football League Cup . The season covers the period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017 .
Burnley finished 16th in the table , avoiding relegation for the first time in the Premier League era .
Match details
Premier League
League table
Matches
FA Cup
EFL Cup
Transfers
In
Brackets around club names denote the player 's contract with that club had expired before they joined Burnley .
Out
Brackets around club names denote the player joined that club after their Burnley contract expired .
Loan in
Loan out
Appearances and goals
Source :
Numbers in parentheses denote appearances as substitute .
Players with names struck through and marked left the club during the playing season .
Players with names in italics and marked * were on loan from another club for the whole of their season with Burnley .
Players listed with no appearances have been in the matchday squad but only as unused substitutes .
Key to positions : GK – Goalkeeper ; DF – Defender ; MF – Midfielder ; FW – Forward
See also
List of Burnley F.C . seasons
References
2016-17
Burnley
QUE or que may refer to :
Quebec ( Que . ) , as the traditional abbreviation , though the postal abbreviations are now QC and previously PQ
Que Publishing , a company which first began as a publisher of technical computer software and hardware support books
Garmin iQue , a line of products combining PDA devices with integrated GPS receivers
Trademark of Plastic Logic for an electronic reading device
Que ( tower ) , a freestanding gate tower characteristic of the tomb architectural ensembles during China 's Han Dynasty
Qué ! , a Spanish newspaper
Quwê , an Assyrian vassal state or province at various times from the 9th century BC to shortly after the death of Ashurbanipal around 627 BCE in the lowlands of eastern Cilicia
An informal term for a member of Omega Psi Phi fraternity , a historically African American Greek-letter fraternity
London Underground station code for Queensway tube station
MRT station abbreviation for Queenstown MRT station
See also
Queue ( disambiguation )
Cue ( disambiguation )
Q ( disambiguation )
What ( disambiguation )
Quebec ( disambiguation )
QC ( disambiguation )
is a private university in Higashiosaka , Osaka , Japan . The school was founded in 1965 as a junior women 's college . After becoming coeducational in 2001 , it became a four-year college in 2003 .
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1965
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Osaka Prefecture
1965 establishments in Japan
Higashiōsaka
Elections to Ards Borough Council were held on 17 May 1989 on the same day as the other Northern Irish local government elections . The election used three district electoral areas to elect a total of 20 councillors .
Election results
Note : `` Votes '' are the first preference votes .
Districts summary
|- class= '' unsortable '' align= '' centre ''
! rowspan=2 align= '' left '' |Ward
! %
! Cllrs
! %
! Cllrs
! %
! Cllrs
! %
! Cllrs
! rowspan=2|TotalCllrs
|- class= '' unsortable '' align= '' center ''
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' '' | UUP
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' '' | DUP
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' '' | Alliance
! colspan=2 bgcolor= '' white '' | Others
|-
|align= '' left '' |Ards Peninsula
|bgcolor= '' 40BFF5 '' |38.3
|bgcolor= '' 40BFF5 '' |3
|30.0
|2
|23.6
|2
|8.1
|0
|7
|-
|align= '' left '' |Ards West
|bgcolor= '' 40BFF5 '' |54.5
|bgcolor= '' 40BFF5 '' |3
|27.8
|2
|17.6
|1
|0.0
|0
|6
|-
|align= '' left '' |Newtownards
|32.1
|2
|bgcolor= '' # D46A4C '' |38.9
|bgcolor= '' # D46A4C '' |3
|14.7
|1
|14.3
|1
|7
|-
|- class= '' unsortable '' class= '' sortbottom '' style= '' background : # C9C9C9 ''
|align= '' left '' | Total
|41.3
|8
|32.2
|7
|18.8
|4
|7.7
|1
|20
|-
| }
District results
Ards Peninsula
1985 : 2 x UUP , 2 x DUP , 1 x Alliance , 1 x UPUP , 1 x Independent
1989 : 3 x UUP , 2 x DUP , 2 x Alliance
1985-1989 Change : UUP and Alliance gain from UPUP and Independent
Ards West
1985 : 3 x DUP , 2 x UUP , 1 x Alliance
1989 : 3 x UUP , 2 x DUP , 1 x Alliance
1985-1989 Change : UUP gain from DUP
Newtownards
1985 : 3 x DUP , 2 x UUP , 1 x Alliance , 1 x NILP
1989 : 3 x DUP , 2 x UUP , 1 x Alliance , 1 x Independent Unionist
1985-1989 Change : Independent Unionist gain from NILP
References
Ards Borough Council elections
Ards
Chief Dull Knife College is a public tribal land-grant community college on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation in Lame Deer , Montana . It is an open-admission college with about 141 students . On average , more than half of its graduates move on to four-year colleges .
The college has one main building which houses administration , faculty offices , cafeteria facilities , bookstore , a learning center and sufficient classroom space to serve 300 students . Specialized laboratory facilities include a science laboratory , two computing labs , and a distance learning center and welding laboratory . In addition , separate facilities house the library , information technology , cultural center , the early childhood learning center , the adult education literacy center , the technical skills center , student activities center , student learning center , student lounge and Vocational Rehabilitation Center .
History
Previously known as Dull Knife Memorial College , CDKC was renamed in 2001 to emphasize the significance of Dull Knife as a chief and respected historical leader of the Northern Cheyenne people .
It was noticed that few Cheyenne who were attending colleges away from the reservation were actually graduating ; many were dropping out and returning to the reservation . Theories were advanced that students were having difficulty adjusting to a culturally different environment ; another that they were being subjected to racial discrimination . Cheyenne students often had family responsibilities , caring for children or elderly relatives , while the available educational institutions were located far from the reservation . Students from the tribe were not adequately prepared for rigorous academic work due to poor quality education and resources . These problems are shared by many tribes and the tribal colleges and universities movement began among American Indian educators to provide educational opportunities to Indian students that were tailored to their cultural and educational needs . Beginning with Diné College in Tsaile , Arizona on the Navajo Nation in 1968 , tribal colleges were opened on many reservations .
Chartered in September 1975 under the leadership of former tribal president John Woodenlegs , Dull Knife Memorial College originally operated in army tents training students in mining , construction and forestry for development in nearby communities . In 1975 funding for permanent facilities was granted by the BIA . In 1978 , it began to offer academic courses leading to Associate of Arts and Associate of Applied Science degrees , as well as vocational certificates . Associate degrees generally require two years of work over 6 semesters . It has proven difficult due to lack of funding to fully realize the cultural goals related to Cheyenne culture , but significant progress has been made . Enrollment is 85 % American Indian with 90 % of the students having a background of poverty .
In 1994 , the college was designated a land-grant college alongside 31 other tribal colleges .
Academics
The original curriculum of the college was directed at training students for mining jobs near the reservation . Today the college has an expanded offering of associate degrees , certificate programs , and post-secondary transfer programs .
Partnerships
Chief Dull Knife College ( CDKC ) was chartered in 1975 by the Northern Cheyenne Tribal Council . The college is accredited by and maintains professional memberships in the American Indian Higher Education Consortium ( AIHEC ) , the American Association of Community and Junior Colleges ( AACJC ) , and in the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities .
CDKC maintains articulation agreements with institutions within the Montana University system to facilitate transfer for students . With the addition of interactive television technology at CDKC , the college has opportunities to complete advanced degrees online .
References
Additional reading
[ https : //archive.org/details/wenortherncheyen2008amblrich We , the Northern Cheyenne People ] : our land , our history , our culture ( 2008 ) , Ambler , Marjane ; Little Bear , Richard E ; Wilson , Dave ; Tall Bull , Linwood ; Hantz , Joan ; Ward , Carol ; Wertman , Bill ; Chief Dull Knife College , Lame Deer , Montana . Pages 113—129
External links
Official website
American Indian Higher Education Consortium
Educational institutions established in 1975
Cheyenne tribe
Buildings and structures in Rosebud County , Montana
Universities and colleges accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities
Tribal Colleges in Montana
Education in Rosebud County , Montana
1975 establishments in Montana
Muscari is a genus of perennial bulbous plants native to Eurasia that produce spikes of dense , most commonly blue , urn-shaped flowers resembling bunches of grapes in the spring . The common name for the genus is grape hyacinth ( a name which is also used for the related genera Leopoldia and Pseudomuscari , which were formerly included in Muscari ) , but they should not be confused with hyacinths . A number of species of Muscari are used as ornamental garden plants .
Description
The genus Muscari originated in the Old World , including the Mediterranean basin , central and southern Europe , northern Africa , western , central and south-western Asia . It has become naturalized elsewhere , including northern Europe and the United States .
Brian Mathew says that many species of grape hyacinths , including not only Muscari but also the related Leopoldia and Pseudomuscari , are difficult to distinguish . They usually have one or more narrow leaves which arise from a bulb . The flowers appear in the spring and form a spike or raceme , being held in a close or loose spiral around a central stalk . The flowers often become less tightly spaced as the flower matures . The flower colour varies from pale blue to a very dark blue , almost black in some cases ( albino forms are also known ) . In some species the upper flowers may be of a different colour and shape to the lower flowers . Individual flowers are composed of six fused tepals forming a spherical to obovoid shape , constricted at the end to form a mouth around which the ends of the tepals show as small lobes or `` teeth '' , which may be of a different colour to the rest of the tepal .
Taxonomy
The use of muscari as part of the name of at least some of the species included in the modern genus can be traced back to Carolus Clusius in 1601 , long before the modern rules of botanical nomenclature were established . In 1753 , Carl Linnaeus used the name Hyacinthus muscari for the plant now called Muscari racemosum . In 1754 , Philip Miller formally established the genus Muscari according to modern rules of nomenclature . The name muscari comes from the Greek muschos , musk , referring to the scent .
Classified in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Scilloideae , the genus was formerly placed in the Liliaceae as a member of the tribe Hyacintheae . There are about forty species . The genus was at one time divided into four groups or subgenera : Botryanthus , Pseudomuscari , Leopoldia and Muscarimia . Pseudomuscari and Leopoldia are now treated as separate genera . The genus Muscari is now more or less equivalent to the Botryanthus group .
A complication in splitting up the broad genus is that Miller 's original Muscari included representatives of at least three of the new genera . Which one should retain the name Muscari would normally be decided by where the type species was placed ; however Miller did not designate a type species , although the etymology of the genus name points to the species Linnaeus called Hyacinthus muscari ( now Muscari racemosum ) .
The Muscarimia group are retained in Muscari by the Kew World Checklist of Selected Plant Families . Two species have been placed in this group : M. macrocarpum and M. racemosum ( under the name M. muscarimi ) .
Species
, the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families accepts 42 species :
Muscari adilii M.B.Güner & H.Duman
Muscari albiflorum ( Täckh . & Boulos ) Hosni
Muscari alpanicum Schchian
Muscari anatolicum Cowley & Özhatay
Muscari armeniacum Leichtlin ex Baker
Muscari aucheri ( Boiss . ) Baker
Muscari babachii Eker & Koyuncu
Muscari baeticum Blanca
Muscari botryoides ( L. ) Mill .
Muscari bourgaei Baker
Muscari cazorlanum C.Soriano & al .
Muscari commutatum Guss .
Muscari discolor Boiss . & Hausskn .
Muscari dolichanthum Woronow & Tron
Muscari fertile Ravenna
Muscari filiforme Ravenna
Muscari hermonense Ravenna
Muscari hierosolymitanum Ravenna
Muscari kerkis Karlén
Muscari kurdicum Maroofi
Muscari latifolium J.Kirk .
Muscari lazulinum Ravenna
Muscari longistylum ( Täckh . & Boulos ) Hosni
Muscari macbeathianum Kit Tan
Muscari macrocarpum Sweet
Muscari massayanum C.Grunert
Muscari matritensis Ruíz Rejón & al .
Muscari microstomum P.H.Davis & D.C.Stuart
Muscari mirum Speta
Muscari neglectum Guss . ex Ten . [ syn . Muscari racemosum ( L. ) Medik . nom . illeg . ]
Muscari olivetorum Blanca
Muscari parviflorum Desf .
Muscari pulchellum Heldr . & Sart .
Muscari racemosum Mill . [ syn . Muscari muscarimi Medik . nom . illeg. , Muscarimia muscari ( L. ) Losinsk. , Muscari moschatum Willd . ]
Muscari salah-eidii ( Täckh . & Boulos ) Hosni
Muscari sandrasicum Karlén
Muscari sivrihisardaghlarensis Yild . & B.Selvi
Muscari spreizenhoferi ( Heldr . ex Osterm . ) H.R.Wehrh .
Muscari stenanthum Freyn
Muscari tavoricum Ravenna
Muscari turcicum Uysal et al .
Muscari vuralii Bagci & Dogu
The names of some of the species are somewhat confused , especially in the horticultural literature . Thus the name M. racemosum is commonly found as an incorrect synonym for M. neglectum , with M. muscarimi or M. moschatum being used for the true M. racemosum . Muscari fatmacereniae was recently described from Turkey .
Species now allocated to other genera
Muscari azureum Fenzl , see Pseudomuscari azureum ( Fenzl ) Garbari & Greuter
Muscari comosum ( L. ) Mill. , see Leopoldia comosa ( L. ) Parl .
Muscari paradoxum ( Fisch . & C.A.Mey . ) K.Koch , see Bellevalia paradoxa ( Fisch . & C.A.Mey . ) Boiss .
Cultivation
Some species are among the earliest garden flowers to bloom in the spring . They are planted as bulbs and tend to multiply quickly ( naturalise ) when planted in good soils . They prefer well drained sandy soil , that is acid to neutral and not too rich . Naturally found in woodlands or meadows , they are commonly cultivated in lawns , borders , rock gardens and containers . They require little feeding or watering in the summer , and sun or light shade .
The UK National Collection of Muscari is held by Richard Hobbs at their Witton Lane garden in Little Plumstead , Norfolk , which they share with their partner Sally Ward .
Cultivars
M. 'Pink Surprise ' was described as `` new '' in 2011 ; it has pale pink flowers – a previously unknown colour in the genus – on stems .
References
External links
M. Philippo , Muscaripages
Rainy Side Gardeners Muscari botryoides
The Plant Expert
Asparagaceae genera
Flora of Europe
Flora of temperate Asia
Garden plants of Asia
Garden plants of Europe
Taxa named by Philip Miller
The Apeejay Surrendra Group is an Indian business conglomerate that was founded in 1910 in Jalandhar by Lala Pyare Lal . In 1951 the headquarters relocated to Kolkata . Surrendra Paul was chairperson from 1982 until their murder in 1989 . Most of the current senior executives are members of their family .
The companies in the Apeejay Surrendra Group collectively employ 43,000 people . The businesses are tea plantations , fast-moving consumer goods , tea brands , shipping , boutique hotels , commercial real estate , warehousing , business centres , retail brands , bookstores , tearooms , marine cluster , logistics parks and knowledge parks .
References
Companies based in Kolkata
Tea companies of India
Conglomerate companies established in 1910
Conglomerate companies of India
Indian companies established in 1910
The NM-02 ( abbreviated from the Spanish : Neumático Mexicano 2002 ) is a rubber-tyred model of electrical multiple units used on the Mexico City Metro , first used in 2005 and currently servicing Line 2 and Line 7 .
History
In 2003 , as part of a plan to modernize Mexico City Metro , Mexico City 's government acquired 45 new NM-02 units to be used in Line 2 with a cost of 550 million dollars . Out of those 45 trains , 31 were already in service during 2005 . The trains that were replaced by NM-02 in Line 2 , were sent to be serviced in order to be transferred for their use in other lines .
The trains were manufactured by Canadian Bombardier and Spanish Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles ( CAF ) . 17 units were provided by CAF and the rest by Bombardier .
CAF had previously supplied trains for the Mexico City Metro with the NE-92 .
In 2011 , STC retired MP-68 units from service in Line 7 and replaced them with NM-02 trains , which had been already servicing Line 7 with a few leased units from Line 2 since 2009 .
Description
A NM-02 trainset has nine cars which are interconnected , allowing passengers to change from one car to another . Also , the units have a sound system that gives safety announcements to the passengers as well as a voice recording that announces the station the train is in and the next station . This was the first model to have this features to be used in Mexico City Metro system .
In 2010 , to commemorate the Bicentenary of the Mexican War of Independence and the Centenary of the Mexican Revolution , Line 2 trains were decorated with liveries showing pictures and phrases of historical figures of both events such as Miguel Hidalgo , Vicente Guerrero , Álvaro Obregón and Francisco I. Madero .
Technical specifications
The following are the NM-02 specifications .
Length :
Width :
Height :
Composition : Mc+T+M+M+T+M+M+T+Mc
Passenger capacity : 1460 passengers ( a density of )
Equipment
NM-02 units are equipped with the following .
Onboard computer system with cab monitoring terminal and light signal box
Wi-Fi
Event recorders
Radio-telephone system
Passenger and cab ventilation system
Information and communication system
Emergency brake handles
Halogen lamps
References
Mexico City Metro rolling stock
750 V DC multiple units
Rolling stock of Mexico
Jenny Reynolds is an American folk singer-songwriter . They began their career performing at open mics in the Boston area in the early 1990s , while working as a high-school English teacher . After several years of performing , they quit teaching to pursue music full-time , though they continue to do creative writing workshops with schoolchildren . They moved to Austin , Texas in 2003 , and was a Kerrville New Folk Finalist the same year .
Them song `` Whisper '' appeared on a Signature Sounds compilation CD titled Respond . The release , which also featured tracks by Lori McKenna , Catie Curtis , Jennifer Kimball , and others , raised money for domestic violence causes .
Discography
Colored in Poetry ( 1998 )
Bare ( EP ) ( 2000 )
Bet on the Wind ( 2003 )
Next to You ( 2008 )
Any Kind of Angel ( 2020 )
References
External links
Official web site
American women singers
Songwriters from Massachusetts
Musicians from Boston
American folk musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century American women
Brush High School is a public high school in Brush , Colorado , United States . It is the only high school in the Brush School District RE-2J .
References
External links
Public high schools in Colorado
Incognito is a 1997 American crime thriller film directed by John Badham and starring Jason Patric and Irene Jacob . Written by Jordan Katz , the film is about a talented art forger who paints a fake Rembrandt despite pressure from their dying father who urges them to use their talent on their own original paintings . The film is notable for a sequence that reveals the specific details involved in forgery , including canvas aging , precise paints , and other deceptions .
Plot
Talented New York painter Harry Donovan is an expert of copying famous artists ' paintings , but is struggling to become a legitimate artist in their own right . Until now , they have avoided detection by forging third and fourth tier masters , but that is about to change . Frustrated by the cancellation of an exhibition of their paintings , Harry accepts a job forging a long lost Rembrandt for $ 550,000 from three art dealer clients—Alistair Davies , Ian Hill , and Agachi—against the wishes of their artist father who wants their son to give up forgery and concentrate on their own work .
Despite their father 's wishes , Harry takes the job and travels to Amsterdam to study Rembrandt . They decide to forge a never-discovered portrait of the master 's blind father lost supposedly off the coast of Spain over 350 years ago . Harry continues their research in Paris , where they meet a beautiful Rembrandt scholar , Professor Marieke van den Broeck , who tells them they are a `` student '' . Harry does not know that one of their main source books was written by Marieke . With their unwitting help , they gain access to an actual Rembrandt being restored at the Louvre from which they obtain scrapings of the original varnish . Soon Harry and Marieke become involved romantically .
Harry travels back to Amsterdam , where they paint their `` Rembrandt '' in an attic studio using period materials and a photograph of their own father as a model . They then journeys to Spain where they show their three clients their forged masterpiece . After they find a local farmer who is paid to claim to have `` found '' the painting , the three clients invite two art experts to examine the painting , and they `` confirm '' it to be a Rembrandt . They return to London with the painting for a final authentication by a group of experts , which includes Marieke , to Harry 's surprise . Several experts agree it is genuine , but Marieke does not . Dismayed to learn that their clients plan to hold a public auction , Harry tries to take back their painting but Davies pulls a modified Beretta handgun on him . Harry manages to evade their line of fire and makes their escape with the painting while Davies shoots and kills Agachi and frames Harry for the murder and the theft of the painting .
After eluding arrest , Harry finds Marieke , handcuffs them to their wrist , and together they escape on the Orient Express . Forced to flee the train by the pursuing police , they make their way through the English countryside , eventually splitting up before Harry is finally arrested while attempting to destroy their forgery at Mentmore Towers .
During their trial Harry tries to prove their innocence by duplicating the painting in open court to show that the painting is fake . Their feelings , however , over their father 's recent death and their wish for them to give up forgery prevent them from completing the painting . `` Only Rembrandt can paint a Rembrandt , '' they conclude . Harry is saved when Hill , fearing their partner 's homicidal intentions , testifies that Davies was actually the one who murdered Agachi . An enraged Davies is put in contempt and Harry is cleared of all charges .
After their release , Harry discovers that Hill plans to auction the painting themselves and reap all the financial benefits . Having anticipated such an outcome , Harry had written a letter to the farmer in Spain notifying them of the deception . Spanish law allows the government first right of purchase from the discoverer of all treasures found on Spanish soil . The painting ends up in the Museo del Prado and the $ 55,000,000 that the painting was sold for end up in Spain . Of this money two thirds are taken by the Spanish government , half of the remaining sum is taken by the Church , and what is left is given to the farmer . In gratitude , the farmer invites Harry to Spain where they give the artist half of the money— $ 5 million . Harry then travels back to Paris to meet Marieke . They give them an original portrait that they painted of them in their own style . After signing the painting , the couple kiss and embrace on the romantic banks of the Seine .
Cast
Jason Patric as Harry Donovan
Irene Jacob as Marieke van den Broeck
Thomas Lockyer as Alastair Davies
Ian Richardson as Turley ( the prosecutor )
Rod Steiger as Milton Donovan
Ian Holm as John
Togo Igawa as Agachi
Simon Chandler as Ian Hill
Pip Torrens as White ( defense attorney )
Michael Cochrane as Deeks
Joseph Blatchley as Prof. Scheerding
Paul Brennen as Det . Sgt . Steed
Olivier Pierre as Lecuyer
Peter Gale as Westerbrook
David Marrick as Bright
Dudley Sutton as Halifax/Offul
Adam Fogerty as Ugo
Ricardo Montez as Juan Del Campo
Walter van Dyk as Thoolen
Production
Filming took place in Paris , France ; Mentmore Towers , Mentmore , Buckinghamshire , England ; London , England ; and Amsterdam , Netherlands . American artist James Gemmill painted the Rembrandt forgery for the film .
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes , a review aggregator , reports that 33 % of nine surveyed critics gave the film a positive review ; the average rating is 5.1/10 . Derek Elley of Variety wrote , `` All director John Badham 's well-honed technique ca n't disguise the hollowness at the center of Incognito , a wannabe romantic thriller set in picture-postcard Europe that 's short on romance and even shorter on thrills . ''
References
External links
1997 films
1997 crime thriller films
1990s romantic thriller films
1990s English-language films
American crime thriller films
American romantic thriller films
Films about art forgery
Films about fictional painters
Films directed by John Badham
Films scored by John Ottman
Films set in Amsterdam
Films set in Buckinghamshire
Films set in London
Films set in New York City
Films set in Paris
Films shot in Amsterdam
Films shot in Buckinghamshire
Films shot in London
Films shot in New York City
Films shot in Paris
Morgan Creek Productions films
Warner Bros. films
1990s American films
Sinoševići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 200 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Atom Bomb is a 1964 Indian Malayalam-language satirical film , directed and produced by P. Subramaniam , and written by N. P. Chellappan Nair . The film stars K. Balaji , Kaviyoor Ponnamma , Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair . Based on Chellappan Nair 's play of the same name , it was released on 18 April 1964 .
Plot
Cast
Prem Nawas as Sudhakaran
Ragini as Sushama
K. V. Shanthi as Kamala
K. Balaji as Kochu Ragavan
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Adoor Bhasi as Butlar
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Kurungodan
Adoor Pankajam as Kalyani Kutty
Aranmula Ponnamma as Janaki Amma
Kanchana
N. P. Chellappan Nair
Paravoor Bharathan
S. P. Pillai
Vanakkutty Raman Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Br Lakshmanan , with lyrics by Thirunayinaarkurichi Madhavan Nair .
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1960s satirical films
1964 films
Films directed by P. Subramaniam
Indian films based on plays
Indian satirical films
The white-backed thrush or Kessler 's thrush ( Turdus kessleri ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It is found in central China . Its natural habitats are temperate forests and temperate shrubland .
References
External links
Images at ADW
Kessler 's thrush
Birds of Central China
white-backed thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Young Greens ( ) is a youth political organisation in Ireland that acts as the youth branch of the Green Party and the Green Party in Northern Ireland . As a youth party they focus on issues that affect young people including education , housing , drug use and reproductive rights .
History
The Young Greens were formed in March 2002 , as a group of students from the four main college campuses , which focused on the environment and social justice . It soon branched out to other college campuses and other themes , like opposition to the Iraq War and support for the Kyoto Protocol and Fairtrade . It campaigns for protection of the environment , human rights and more funding for education . The Young Greens conduct campaigns on a local as well as national level .
Member groups
The Young Greens currently have member groups throughout Ireland , most of which operate within third level institutions . The member groups include ;
UCD Young Greens is based in University College Dublin
UCC Greens Society is based in University College Cork
Young Greens NUIG is based in NUI Galway
NUIM Young Greens is based in Maynooth University
QUB Young Greens is based in Queen 's University Belfast
Trinity Young Greens is the branch that operates in Trinity College , Dublin .
Rural Young Greens
Northern Ireland Young Greens are based in Northern Ireland and are affiliated to the Green Party of Northern Ireland .
Kildare Young Greens are based in County Kildare .
Carlow/Kilkenny Young Greens are based in the Carlow/Kilkenny Dáil constituency .
Mná Glasa Óga
Organisation
The Young Greens operate as defined in `` Young Greens – Óige Ghlas Constitution '' . The current constitution was adopted in 2017 .
Membership is open to students engaged in second or third level education and all residents of Ireland between the ages of 16 and 30 . Young Greens operate autonomously of the Green Party and membership of Young Greens does not confer Membership of the Green Party ( Ireland ) .
All Member Groups of the Young Greens meet at least once a year at the National Convention , it is here that the Executive Committee is elected , the annual budget is approved and the constitution is amended . The meeting place of the National Convention is rotated between Member Groups .
The Young Greens are run by an Executive Committee , elected annually at the National Convention . The Committee meets at least six times a year . Any Member Group not represented in any Executive Position may elect an Ordinary Member to the Committee to act as a delegate with full voting rights . A member of the Young Greens Executive Committee is elected by the Committee to be the representative of Young Greens at the Green Party ( Ireland ) National Executive Committee .
The Chairperson of the Executive Committee acts as the chief public representative of the Young Greens .
Elected Young Greens
Six Young Greens were elected as councillors in the 2019 Irish local elections . They are :
Eva Dowling
Lorna Bogue
Lawrence Hemmings
Séafra Ó Faoláin
Una Power
Daniel Whooley
Since then , Lawrence Hemmings has resigned their seat and Lorna Bogue has resigned as a member of the party .
References
External links
Young Greens official website
Young Greens official Twitter
Main Green Party website
Federation of Young European Greens website
2002 establishments in Ireland
Youth wings of political parties in Ireland
Youth wings of political parties in Northern Ireland
Green Party ( Ireland )
Youth wings of green parties in Europe
This is a list of current festivals held within the Canadian province of Ontario , Canada .
Festivals by city
List of festivals in Ottawa
List of festivals in Toronto
Festivals by region
Northeastern Ontario
Algoma Fall Festival ( Sault Ste Marie )
Bon Soo Winter Carnival ( Sault Ste . Marie )
Cinéfest Sudbury International Film Festival ( Sudbury )
Junction North International Documentary Film Festival ( Sudbury )
Northern Lights Festival Boréal ( Sudbury )
La Nuit sur l'étang ( Sudbury )
Queer North Film Festival ( Sudbury )
Sudbury Pride ( Sudbury )
Sundridge Sunflower Festival ( Sundridge )
Up Here Festival ( Sudbury )
Northwestern Ontario
Northwest Film Fest ( Thunder Bay )
Thunder Pride ( Thunder Bay )
Vox Popular Media Arts Festival ( Thunder Bay )
Southern Ontario
Bluesfest International Windsor ( Windsor )
Blyth Festival ( Blyth )
Boots and Hearts Music Festival ( Oro-Medonte )
Brantford Ribfest ( Brantford )
Bridges Festival ( Mississauga )
Brighton Applefest ( Brighton )
Canada Dance Festival ( Ottawa )
Canada Day
Canadian Filmmakers ' Festival ( Toronto )
Canada 's Largest Ribfest ( Burlington )
Canal Days ( August Civic Holiday Weekend - Port Colborne )
Carassauga ( May - Mississauga )
Carnival of Cultures ( Ottawa )
CMT Music Fest ( Kitchener )
Downtown Oakville Jazz Festival ( Oakville )
Elmira Maple Syrup Festival ( April - Elmira )
Festival of Northern Lights ( Owen Sound )
Fergus Scottish Festival and Highland Games ( Fergus )
Friendship Festival ( Fort Erie )
Goderich Celtic Roots Festival ( Goderich )
Havelock Country Jamboree ( August - Havelock )
Heatwave ( Bowmanville )
Home County Folk Festival ( London )
Kitchener-Waterloo Oktoberfest ( October - Kitchener )
London Ontario Live Arts Festival ( London )
London Ribfest ( August Civic Holiday Weekend - London )
Luminato Festival ( June - Toronto )
Mariposa Folk Festival ( Orillia )
MuslimFest ( Mississauga )
North by Northeast / NXNE ( Toronto )
Nuit Blanche ( September - Toronto )
Ottawa Bluesfest ( Ottawa )
Ovation Music Festival ( Stratford )
Peterborough Summer Festival of Lights ( Peterborough )
Pride Week ( Toronto )
Rockton World 's Fair ( October Thanksgiving Weekend - Flamborough )
St. Lawrence Shakespeare Festival ( St. Lawrence )
Toronto Caribbean Carnival - Toronto Carnival ( March - August -Toronto )
Shaw Festival ( Niagara-on-the-Lake )
Steam Era ( September Labour Day Weekend - Milton )
Stratford Shakespeare Festival ( Stratford )
Strawberry Fields Festival ( Aug. 1970 - Bowmanville )
Sunfest ( July - London )
Supercrawl ( September - Hamilton )
Taste of the Kingsway ( September - Toronto )
Taste of the Danforth ( August - Toronto )
The Great India Festival ( August - Ottawa )
Toronto Chinese Lantern Festival ( Toronto )
Toronto Design Offsite Festival ( Toronto )
Toronto International Film Festival ( Toronto )
Toronto Reel Asian International Film Festival ( Toronto )
Toronto Ribfest ( July Canada Day Weekend - Centennial Park , Etobicoke )
Toronto Rock and Roll Revival ( Toronto )
Wallaceburg Antique Motorboat Outing ( Wallaceburg )
Waterloo Festival for Animated Cinema ( Waterloo )
WayHome Music & Arts Festival ( Oro-Medonte )
Windsor–Detroit International Freedom Festival ( Windsor )
Winter Festival of Lights ( Niagara Falls )
Winterlude ( February - Ottawa )
The Word on the Street Festival ( September - Toronto )
See also
List of festivals in Canada
Culture of Ontario
Tourism in Ontario
References
External links
Festivals in Ontario
Ontario
Festivals
Ontario
Chenopodium formosanum is a Chenopodium species native to Taiwan . It was a key component of the diets of Taiwanese indigenous peoples and remains culturally and culinarily significant .
Common names
Chenopodium formosanum is known in the Paiwan language as djulis . In Chinese it is known as 紅藜 ( simplified 红藜 , literally `` red goosefoot '' , Mandarin hónglí ) . It is also known as red quinoa . Note that the name `` red goosefoot '' is also used for the related species Oxybasis rubra .
Description
Chenopodium formosanum is a cereal . It has a high fiber and protein content .
History
Chenopodium formosanum was a key component of the diets of Formosan indigenous peoples , but it had largely disappeared from cultivation by the 2000s . Renewed interest in traditional foodstuffs has led to a revival of production with cultivation in Taitung County expanding from 40 hectares in 2015 to 200 hectares in 2018 . This rapid expansion quickly gutted the market and surplus produce had to be stored .
Chenopodium formosanum is part of the Slow Food Foundation for Biodiversity 's Ark of Taste .
See also
Quinoa
References
formosanum
Taiwanese cuisine
Flora of Taiwan
Don Dyke-Wells ( born 13 February 1925 ) is a South African former rower who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
References
1925 births
Living people
South African male rowers
Olympic rowers of South Africa
Rowers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
is a Japanese novelist . They have won the Akutagawa Prize , the Kawabata Yasunari Prize , and the Tanizaki Prize , and their work has been adapted for film .
Biography
After graduation from Shinjuku High School and Waseda University , they worked as a salesperson for a major household equipment company and , as is common in Japanese corporate life , was transferred several times to various localities . Treatment for cyclic psychosis led to their writing .
I works , which focus on human relations , have been nominated for and received literary awards . They were recipient of the 96th Bungakukai New Face Award and a nominee for the 129th Akutagawa Prize for their first volume , , in 2003 . The book was later adapted into the 2005 Ryūichi Hiroki film It 's Only Talk . Itoyama won the Akutagawa Prize in January 2006 for their short story `` Oki de matsu '' . An English translation of their `` Oki de matsu '' appeared in the April 2007 issue of Words Without Borders under the title `` Waiting in the Offing . '' Them book was adapted into a 2007 film starring Minami Hinase . An English version of the book , translated by Charles de Wolf , was published in 2013 under the title In Pursuit of Lavender .
An English translation of It 's Only Talk was published by The Japan Times in March 2009 . In 2010 their novel was adapted into a film by Shusuke Kaneko . In 2016 Itoyama won the 52nd Tanizaki Prize for their 2015 book .
They have been praised for their ability to describe provincial scenery and represent regional accents and dialects , reflecting the characters ' image , even though they were brought up in Tokyo . They explain that they learned them through repeated company transfers all over Japan .
Recognition
2004 55th MEXT Award for New Artists
2004 30th Kawabata Yasunari Prize
2006 134th Akutagawa Prize ( 2005下 )
2016 52nd Tanizaki Prize
Bibliography
Books in Japanese
, Bungeishunjū , 2004 , ( won the 96th Bungakukai New Face Award , nominated for the 129th Akutagawa Prize )
, Shinchosha , 2004 , ( nominated for the 130th Akutagawa Prize , also won the Minister of Education and Science 's Art Encouragement Prize for New Artists , in book form )
, Kodansha , 2004 , ( won the 30th Kawabata Yasunari Prize )
, Chuokoron Shinsha , 2005 , ( nominated for the 133rd Naoki Prize and New Face Award of the 27th Noma Prize for Literature )
, Nigensha , 2005 ,
, Kadokawa Shoten , 2005 ,
, Bungeishunjū , 2006 , ( won the 134th Akutagawa Prize )
includes 勤労感謝の日 Kinrō kansha no hi ( Labor Thanksgiving Day ) , nominated for the 131st Akutagawa Prize
, Shinchosha , 2008 ,
, Bungeishunjū , 2014 ,
, Shinchosha , 2015 ,
Selected works in English
`` Waiting in the Offing , '' trans . Charles de Wolf , Words Without Borders , April 2007 issue
It 's Only Talk , trans . Raquel Hill , The Japan Times , 2009 ,
In Pursuit of Lavender , trans . Charles de Wolf , Anthem Press , 2013 ,
References
External links
Akiko Itoyama at J'Lit Books from Japan
Synopsis of In Pursuit of Lavender ( Tobo kusotawake ) at JLPP ( Japanese Literature Publishing Project )
20th-century Japanese novelists
21st-century Japanese novelists
Akutagawa Prize winners
1966 births
People from Setagaya
Living people
North Eastern Airways ( NEA ) was a British airline which operated from 1935 until the outbreak of World War II in 1939 . Based initially in Newcastle upon Tyne , it operated routes from Scotland to London in competition with the railways , retaining its independence to the end .
History
Formation
The company was formed on 4 March 1935 by a group of investors headed by Ralph Beckett , 3rd Baron Grimthorpe . Lord Grimthorpe was a wealthy banker and racehorse owner who also had a keen interest in aviation . In 1931 , with two De Havilland Aircraft Company employees A Hessel-Tiltman and Nevil Shute Norway along with Alan Cobham as directors , they became the chairperson of Airspeed Ltd , which went on to create , among other notable aircraft , the Courier and Envoy transport aircraft .
With Lord Grimthorpe 's link with Airspeed , it was natural that the first aircraft that NEA acquired were three new Envoy 6-passenger airliners , becoming the first airline customer of the type .
The first service to be operated was the east coast route to Scotland , from London ( Heston ) to Leeds ( Yeadon ) , Newcastle ( Cramlington ) and Edinburgh ( Turnhouse ) . The fare between London and Edinburgh was £10 . The inaugural flight started at Leeds and Bradford Municipal Aerodrome , otherwise known as Yeadon Airport , where on 8 April 1935 the first aircraft , Airspeed Envoy G-ADAZ , was named Tynedale by Mrs Anthony Eden ( Beatrice Beckett ) . The aircraft was then flown , with Mrs Eden and other dignitaries on board , to Heston , where it skidded on landing , running into a fence . While this was an embarrassment for what had been the first ever scheduled flight operated from Yeadon , no one was harmed , and the aircraft suffered only superficial damage .
The Edinburgh leg could not initially be operated due to lack of radio and navigation aids , defeating the object of the exercise . Even when Edinburgh service did start , on 27 May , demand was so low that the whole route was closed on 27 June and the airline 's assets were taken over by another of Grimthorpe 's companies , Alp Aviation . The reason for the low demand was that existing railway services were fast , regular , comfortable , cheap , and much less dependent on the weather .
The route was restarted by NEA on 2 November 1936 . This time the London terminus was Croydon Airport , and the Scottish one was Perth ( Scone Aerodrome ) which had opened earlier that year . The airport at Newcastle had also changed with the opening of Woolsington Aerodrome ( now Newcastle International Airport ) . Since Edinburgh was now being bypassed , stops , presumably by request , were made at Macmerry Airfield , 15 miles east of Edinburgh . The change of Scottish airport was because of pressure from the London and North Eastern Railway ( L.N.E.R . ) which was concerned about the competition on the Edinburgh route , and barred its ticket offices and other travel agents from selling the airline 's tickets . This time the airline persisted , even extending the service to Aberdeen ( Dyce Airport ) , and by 1937 offering an express service from Croydon to Aberdeen with just one stop ( at Doncaster ) . The Aberdeen link was soon abandoned because of a lack of radio aids there .
Growth
1937 was a year of expansion with the addition of De Havilland Rapides to the fleet , and with Doncaster Airport as the hub of new routes to Leeds , to Liverpool ( Hooton Park ) via Manchester ( Barton Aerodrome ) and to Hull ( Hedon Aerodrome ) . From Hull they ran a ferry service with the Airspeed Couriers across the Humber Estuary to Grimsby ( Waltham Aerodrome ) , a route pioneered by North Sea Aerial and General Transport in 1932-3 . The airline had also established the Doncaster Aero Club as a subsidiary .
1937 was also the year when North Eastern Airways joined the International Air Traffic Association ( IATA ) , later to become the International Air Transport Association . This gave the airline a degree of prestige and assisted in L.N.E.R abandoning their ticket sale ban from 21 December that year . Indeed cooperation grew , and in the Summer 1938 timetable it is noted that airline tickets and rail tickets on almost all the airline 's routes were “ interavailable ” with L.N.E.R . and L.M.S.R . ( London , Midland and Scottish Railway ) allowing outward journey by air and return by first-class rail , or outward journey by rail and return by air for a supplement .
When an Airspeed Envoy was delivered to the King 's Flight in 1937 , Lord Grimthorpe had a plaque installed at the front of the cabin of their Envoys informing the passengers that the aircraft was the same type in which the King flew .
In 1938 NEA operated special services to Glasgow ( Renfrew Airport ) for the Empire Exhibition which opened on 3 May .
The airline applied for a mail-carrying contract and was initially refused , but later granted , and their first mail flight , from Perth to Newcastle , then onwards on the route via Yeadon and Doncaster to Croydon was flown on 3 October 1938 . The first sector of the route was flown by Rapide G-AFEP , and the remainder by Envoy G-ADAZ .
Also in 1938 , the airline applied to the Air Ministry for permission to fly a route to Switzerland using Douglas DC-3 aircraft , starting in January 1939 . This would have been operated as Alp Air Line , presumably the operating name of Alp Aviation . The plan was rejected .
In 1939 the airline 's schedules to both Glasgow and Edinburgh ( which had been reinstated in 1938 ) were replaced by the new Central Scotland Airport at Grangemouth which opened on 1 May . There was a new connection from Perth to Dundee , and a link was established with Scottish Airways for connection from Perth to Inverness , Wick and Orkney . A new summer daily route was advertised between Croydon and Knocke ( Le Zoute airport ) in Belgium . None of these arrangements would last for long .
Demise
All NEA 's activities stopped with the outbreak of World War II in September 1939 , and their headquarters were moved to Liverpool Speke Airport . Most of the fleet had been disposed of during the earlier part of 1939 , but the Rapides were retained , coming under the control of National Air Communications ( NAC ) , and were all impressed into military service in early 1940 .
One part of the company kept going , however ; a subsidiary , Martin Hearn Ltd. Its eponymous founder had worked for Alan Cobham before setting up as an aircraft engineer at Liverpool 's Hooton Park in 1935 . At some point North Eastern Airways must have acquired it . During the war it was very active assembling , maintaining and repairing military aircraft , possibly with remaining NEA staff working there , and it continued for several years after the war .
Meanwhile , the remains of NEA were bought by L.N.E.R in April 1944 , and they possibly sold off Martin Hearn Ltd in 1947 when its name was changed to Aero-Engineering and Marine ( Merseyside ) . Hern themselves departed to run a hotel adjacent to the airfield . North Eastern Airways was one of the airlines taken over by BEA on 1 February 1947 in the nationalisation of all private scheduled operators , but this was a formality .
Routes
From timetables .
April 1935
London ( Heston ) — Leeds ( Yeadon ) — Newcastle upon Tyne ( Cramlington ) — Edinburgh ( Turnhouse ) weekdays only
( Edinburgh 'subject to permission ' )
Summer 1937
London ( Croydon ) — Doncaster — Leeds Bradford† — York† — Newcastle upon Tyne† — Perth/Dundee — Aberdeen daily
( † = request stop )
Grimsby — Hull — Doncaster — Manchester — Liverpool
( Doncaster — Liverpool operated by KLM Royal Dutch Airlines )
April 1939
London ( Croydon ) — Newcastle upon Tyne — Central Scotland Airport — Perth — Aberdeen daily
London ( Croydon ) — Knock-Le Zoute daily
Fleet
These aircraft were previously sold to Spanish Republican procurement organisations including Union Founders ' Trust , Federation Populaire des Sports Aeronautiques , and Compagnie Air Taxi , Vienna . These export sales were blocked and the aircraft were sold on .
Two other aircraft , De Havilland DH.60G Gipsy Moth G-ABLE and DH.94 Moth Minor G-AFPK were registered to NEA for short periods before being transferred to Doncaster Aero Club .
The livery was overall silver with black lettering and trim .
Accidents and incidents
While operating for North Eastern Airways , Airspeed Courier G-ACSZ was involved in a fatal crash , and Envoy G-ADBZ crash-landed with no injuries and was returned to service . See Fleet list for details .
References
Bibliography
Defunct airlines of the United Kingdom
Airlines established in 1935
Dark Knights of Steel is an American comic book created by Tom Taylor and Yasmine Putri and published by DC Comics . The twelve-issue limited series—written by Taylor and illustrated primarily by Putri—began its monthly publication on November 2 , 2021 .
Publication
The Dark Knights of Steel comic book limited series was created by Tom Taylor and Yasmine Putri , with the former serving as writer and the latter as lead illustrator ; the fourth and seventh issues of the comic book were drawn by Bengal and Nathan Gooden rather than Putri . Dark Knights of Steel consists of twelve issues released by DC Comics at monthly intervals , the first being published on November 2 , 2021 .
Issues
Collected editions
Reception
Reviewing the first issue of Dark Knights of Steel , Henry Varona of Comic Book Resources stated , `` Dark Knights of Steel # 1 is an appropriately epic beginning to DC 's latest Elseworlds epic . Tom Taylor proves yet again that they are a master of subverting expectations when crafting alternate DC Universes , while the gorgeous artwork of Yasmine Putri turns the concept into a fully realized fantasy '' .
See also
Marvel 1602 , a comic book series by Marvel Comics with a similar premise .
References
2021 comics debuts
American comics
Comics about revenge
Comics publications
DC Comics dimensions
DC Comics limited series
DC Comics titles
Elseworlds titles
Fantasy comics
Superhero comics
Taurolithocholic acid is a bile acid .
See also
Tauroursodeoxycholic acid
Bile acids
Cholanes
Sulfonic acids
Zechariah 6 is the sixth of the total 14 chapters in the Book of Zechariah in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible . This book contains the prophecies attributed to the prophet Zechariah , and is a part of the Book of the Twelve Minor Prophets . This chapter contains the description of the eighth vision and the crowning of Joshua . It is a part of a section ( so-called `` First Zechariah '' ) consisting of Zechariah 1–8 .
Text
The original text was written in the Hebrew language . This chapter is divided into 15 verses .
Textual witnesses
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text , which includes the Codex Cairensis ( from year 895 ) , the Petersburg Codex of the Prophets ( 916 ) , and Codex Leningradensis ( 1008 ) . Fragments containing parts of this chapter were found among the Dead Sea Scrolls , that is , 4Q80 ( 4QXIIe ; 75–50 BCE ) with extant verses 1–5 .
There is also a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint , made in the last few centuries BCE . Extant ancient manuscripts of the Septuagint version include Codex Vaticanus ( B ; B ; 4th century ) , Codex Sinaiticus ( S ; BHK : S ; 4th century ) , Codex Alexandrinus ( A ; A ; 5th century ) and Codex Marchalianus ( Q ; Q ; 6th century ) .
Vision of the four chariots ( 6:1–8 )
This section records the eighth ( and last ) vision in the series which forms an indusio with the first , focusing on the pacifying of the north country , the direction where the majority of attacks on Israel came from ( cf . Jeremiah 1:14 ) .
Verse 5
And the angel answered and said to me , “ These are four spirits of heaven , who go out from their station before the Lord of all the earth . ''
`` Spirits of heaven '' : or `` winds of heaven '' ( MEV ) . The Hebrew word for `` spirit '' may also mean `` wind '' or `` breath '' depending on the context ( cf . ASV , NRSV , CEV `` the four winds of heaven '' ) .
The command to crown Joshua ( 6:9–15 )
Following the eight visions , this section provides a closure of the cycle by describing the crowning of Joshua as a 'messianic ' leader .
Verse 11
Then take silver and gold , and make crowns ,
and set them upon the head of Joshua the son of Josedech , the high priest ;
`` Silver and gold '' : A part of what was brought from Babylon or the contributions from the Jews in the diaspora , the kings and princes in the area ( see , etc . ; , etc . ) .
`` Make crowns '' : Zechariah was to get the crowns made ( compare , passim ) . The plural may here be used intensively for `` a noble crown , '' as in ( also in , ; ; ; . ) ; or it may signify the two metals of which the crown was made , two or more wreaths being intertwined to form it . Here Joshua may symbolize ' a Person in whom the offices of priest and king were united ' ( cf . Psalm 110 ; in Jesus ( = `` Joshua '' in Hebrew ) is said to wear many crowns on their head , referring to ' a diadem composed of many circlets ' ) , because a high priest 's `` mitre '' ( ; made of the plate or `` flower '' of pure gold with the engraving `` Holiness to the Lord '' ) is never called a crown , but what to be set on Joshua 's head is a royal crown .
Verse 12
And speak unto him , saying , Thus speaketh the Lord of hosts , saying ,
Behold the man whose name is The Branch ;
and they shall grow up out of their place ,
and they shall build the temple of the Lord :
`` Behold , the man '' ( , ) : This phrase is used in a speech to draw attention to someone different from the one in conversation ( , ; ; cf . ) , so Joshua here is not the Branch ( the Sprout figure ) , but that figure is 'accessible and approaching ' the scene . Pilate spoke similar words regarding Jesus , `` Behold the man '' ( John 19:5 ) .
`` Grow up out '' : from the Hebrew verb , , to `` sprout out '' , with the same root as for the noun , , a `` sprout '' , translated here as `` The Branch '' ( Zechariah 3:8 ; Isaiah 4:2 ; Isaiah 11:1 ; Jeremiah 23:5 ; Jeremiah 33:15 ) ; referring to a lowly figure growing in obscurity `` as a tender plant and a root out of a dry ground '' ( ; cf . ) .
`` He shall build the temple of the Lord '' : In the time of Zechariah , the temple was soon to be finished by Zerubbabel , to whom this had been promised ( ) , not by Joshua the High Priest , but then a new temple is to be built from the foundation , of which the builder is to be `` the foundation '' ( ; ; ) , as said , `` on this rock I will build My Church '' ( ) ; and in them `` all the building , fitly framed together0 , groweth unto an holy temple to the Lord '' ( ) .
See also
Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
Joshua the High Priest
Related Bible parts : Isaiah 4 , Isaiah 11 , Isaiah 54 , Jeremiah 23 , Jeremiah 33 , Haggai 1 , Zechariah 1 , Zechariah 2 , Zechariah 3 , Zechariah 4 , Zechariah 5 , Revelation 6
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Jewish
Zechariah 6 Hebrew with Parallel English
Zechariah 6 Hebrew with Rashi 's Commentary
Christian
Zechariah 6 English Translation with Parallel Latin Vulgate
06
Gerhard Walter ( born 27 September 1915 ; date of death unknown ) was a Swiss footballer who played two seasons for FC Basel in the early 1930s . They played as goalkeeper .
Walter joined Basel 's first team in 1931 . They played their domestic league debut for the club in the home game at the Landhof on 30 August 1931 as Basel lost 1–4 against Young Fellows Zürich .
In the two Basel seasons 1931–32 and 1932–33 Walter played a total of eight games for Basel Six of these games were in the Swiss Serie A and two in the Swiss Cup .
References
Sources
Rotblau : Jahrbuch Saison 2017/2018 . Publisher : FC Basel Marketing AG .
Die ersten 125 Jahre . Publisher : Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag , Basel .
Verein `` Basler Fussballarchiv '' Homepage
FC Basel players
Swiss footballers
Association football goalkeepers
1915 births
Year of death missing
Swiss football managers
FC Luzern managers
Grasshopper Club Zürich managers
Packera ganderi is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Gander 's ragwort . It is endemic to southern California , where it is known from a few occurrences in San Diego and Riverside Counties .
There are an estimated 4000 plants in existence , but this number varies year to year because the plant becomes more abundant after its habitat burns in wildfires .
It is a native of the fire-prone California chaparral plant community , where it grows in gabbro rock outcrops .
Description
Packera ganderi is a perennial herb producing a single erect stem which grows to a maximum height of 50 to 80 centimeters . It is mostly hairy and green , but may have some fuzzy areas and a purple tinge . The leaves have rounded or oval blades with toothed edges or shallow lobes . The blades are often thick and somewhat tough , measuring a few centimeters long and borne on petioles longer than themselves . Leaves occurring farther up the stem are smaller and most lack petioles .
The inflorescence contains up to 6 or 8 flower heads , each lined with green-tipped , yellow-edged phyllaries . The head contains many golden yellow disc florets and several orange ray florets each about a centimeter long .
See also
California chaparral and woodlands
References
Jepson eFlora : Packera ganderi
Further reading
Barkley , T. M. and R. M. Beauchamp . ( 1974 ) . A new Senecio ( Compositae ) from California . Brittonia 26:2 106–8 .
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
CalFlora Database : Packera ganderi ( Gander 's ragwort )
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
California Native Plant Society Rare Plant Profile
Photo gallery
ganderi
Endemic flora of California
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Flora of Riverside County , California
Natural history of San Diego County , California
Plants described in 1974
Walter Wood ( August 4 , 1921 – April 20 , 2010 ) was an American film producer and business person .
Career
Wood served as an aide to Dwight D. Eisenhower in the U.S. Army and received a Purple Heart for their service during World War II and the Korean War . After the military they worked as a publicist for RKO and an advertising executive in New York .
Their first credit as a film producer was for The Hoodlum Priest , a 1961 film directed by Irvin Kershner , based on the life of Father Charles `` Dismas '' Clark . The Hoodlum Priest was the first venture for Murray-Wood Productions , a company Wood established with the film 's star , Don Murray . Wood 's wife , Cindi Wood , co-starred in the film . It screened in competition at the Cannes Film Festival .
Wood reunited with Don Murray for Escape from East Berlin , a 1962 film directed by Robert Siodmak . The film is based on a news story of twenty-eight people who tunneled to freedom under the Berlin Wall earlier that same year .
They served as executive producer on the 1971 film , The Todd Killings . The film , directed by Barry Shear , is based on murders committed by Charles Schmid in Tucson in the 1960s .
In 1974 , the Mayor of New York , Abraham Beame set up the Mayor Advisory Council on Motion Pictures and Television and Wood was appointed its first director . Wood 's job was to help attract investment in New York 's film industry , which had been lagging , and to negotiate around demand for facilities in the city , particularly in relation to filming in exterior locations . Film and television production in New York increased significantly during their time as director .
In 1978 Wood acquired the rights to the stock-car racing novel Stand On It by William Neely and Robert K. Ottum . The film was released in 1983 as Stroker Ace and was produced by Wood 's second wife , Laurel Goodwin . It was the final collaboration between director Hal Needham and star Burt Reynolds and was a critical and financial flop .
Filmography
'' The Todd Killings '' ( 1971 ) ( executive producer )
'' Escape From East Berlin '' ( 1962 ) ( producer )
'' The Hoodlum Priest '' ( 1961 ) ( producer )
References
External links
Walter Wood on IMDb
1921 births
2010 deaths
Film producers from Pennsylvania
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
Naadan Premam is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film adaptation of S. K. Pottekkatt 's novel of the same name . It is directed by Crossbelt Mani and produced by N. Vishweshwaraiah and P. S. Gopalakrishnan . The film stars Madhu , Sheela , Adoor Bhasi and Prema in the lead roles . The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy .
Cast
Madhu as Ikkoran
Sheela as Malu
Adoor Bhasi as Khader Mappila
Prema as Padmini
Sankaradi as Gopalan
T. R. Omana as Paaru
Bahadoor as Chandran
K. P. Ummer as Ravi
S. P. Pillai as Kunjan
Paravoor Bharathan as Ravi 's father
Santha Devi as Amina
Thodupuzha Radhakrishnan as club secretary
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran .
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Anbyŏn is a kun , or county , in Kangwŏn province , North Korea . Originally included in South Hamgyŏng province , it was transferred to Kangwŏn province in a September 1946 reshuffling of local government .
Physical features
The southwest portion of the county is bounded by the Masingryŏng ( 마식령산맥 ) and Taebaek mountains , which meet at the pass of Ch'ugaryŏng ( 추가령 ) . The highest point is Paegamsan .
Anbyŏn 's major streams include the Namdaech'ŏn and the Hakch'ŏn . The Anbyŏn Plain is situated along the Namdaech'ŏn 's course . The temperature is warmer in the north than in the south .
Administrative divisions
Anbyŏn county is divided into 1 ŭp ( town ) , 2 rodongjagu ( workers ' districts ) and 28 ri ( villages ) :
Economy
Agriculture
In the Anbyŏn Plain , rice-farming is the predominant industry . Orcharding also plays an important role .
Manufacturing
Tile manufacturing also takes place .
Mining
There are local deposits of gold , silver , copper and zinc , but they are not widely exploited .
Electricity generation
In 2000 , construction of the Anbyŏn Youth Power Station , a hydroelectric facility , was completed . The workers were honored with a personal communique from Kim Jong-il .
Film-making
Anbyŏn is the setting for many North Korean films . Thus it has been dubbed the Hollywood of North Korea .
Chemicals
A chemical weapons storage facility is believed to be located in the county 's Chiha-ri precinct . The facility is said to include numerous tunnels dug deep into the mountains , and may also host some biological weapons .
Transport
The Kangwŏn and Kŭmgangsan Ch'ŏngnyŏn lines of the Korean State Railway pass through the county , which is also served by road .
Wildlife
Anbyŏn contains a 1000 ha site , Anbyŏn Field , that has been identified as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International because it is a wintering ground for red-crowned cranes .
See also
Geography of North Korea
Administrative divisions of North Korea
References
External links
Counties of Kangwon Province ( North Korea )
Cheondeungsan may refer to :
Cheondeungsan ( North Chungcheong )
Cheondeungsan ( North Gyeongsang )
Cheondeungsan ( North Jeolla )
Cheondeungsan ( South Jeolla )
Shrirampur is a village in the Sabang CD block in the Kharagpur subdivision of the Paschim Medinipur district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Geography
Location
Shrirampur is located at .
Area overview
Kharagpur subdivision , shown partly in the map alongside , mostly has alluvial soils , except in two CD blocks in the west – Kharagpur I and Keshiary , which mostly have lateritic soils . Around 74 % of the total cultivated area is cropped more than once . With a density of population of 787 per km2nearly half of the district 's population resides in this subdivision . 14.33 % of the population lives in urban areas and 86.67 % lives in the rural areas .
Note : The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision . All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map .
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India , Shrirampur had a total population of 933 , of which 489 ( 52 % ) were males and 444 ( 48 % ) were females . There were 100 persons in the age range of 0–6 years . The total number of literate persons in Shrirampur was 778 ( 93.40 % of the population over 6 years ) .
. * For language details see Sabang ( community development block ) # Language and religion
Culture
David J. McCutchion mentions the Lakshmi Janardana temple of the Jana family as a richly terracotta decorated pancharatna with smooth rekha turrets measuring 17 ' 8 ” square , built in 1870 .
Shrirampur picture gallery
References
External links
Villages in Paschim Medinipur district
The Arboretum Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte is the arboretum located along a botanical path in Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte , Sarthe , Pays de la Loire , France . It contains over 200 trees and is open daily without charge .
See also
List of botanical gardens in France
References
Gralon entry ( French )
Vallée du Loir entry
Western Loire entry
Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte , Arboretum
Saint-Jean-de-la-Motte , Arboretum
KBS Cool FM ( Hangul : KBS 쿨FM ) ( also known as KBS 2FM Hangul : KBS 제2FM방송 ) is a 24-hour Hot AC music radio station of the Korean Broadcasting System . It plays mostly older K-pop Music from the 90s compared to KBS Happy FM which plays the latest K-pop tracks . Notable shows include Popular Plaza , Volume Up and Kiss the Radio .
History
TBC Radio Era
1965-06-26 : Tongyang Broadcasting Corporation ( Hangul : 동양 방송 공사 ) ( Former body of JTBC . ) was launched .
1965-06-27 : Radio Seoul Broadcasting ( Hangul : 라디오 서울 방송 ) HLCD 639 kHz Started broadcasting .
1966 : Renamed as TBC Radio . 89.1 MHz FM Repeater ( Standard FM ) launched . Callsign changed to HLKC/HLKC-SFM
1970 : TBC Radio Started South Korea 's First Stereo FM Broadcast .
1980-12-01 : TBC Radio forced to be merged into KBS Radio by the special law of Chun Doo-hwan , president of military authorities .
KBS 2FM Era
1980-12-25 : Relaunched as KBS 2FM ( Korean : KBS 제2FM ) with a Trot and Popular Music format . Callsign changed to HLKC-FM and 639 kHz AM Repeater stopped broadcasting with the frequency used to form KBS Radio 3 . Airing of advertisements where abolished and started airing selected shows nationwide through Cross-Broadcast with the KBS Local FM Network ( composed of former provincial TBC Radio stations . ) along with KBS 1FM .
1988-12-24 : KBS 2FM Started Partial 24-hour Broadcast ( Monday~Friday 24-hours Saturday~Sunday 18-hours ) .
1990-05-30 : Transmission power increased ( TPO:1 kW ERP:173.5 kW → TPO:10 kW ERP:350 kW )
1994-10-01 : 24-hour Broadcast started .
Cool FM Era
2002-01-01 : Commercial advertisements resume broadcast on 2FM and nationwide cross-broadcast with the Local FM network where abolished .
2003-10-10 : Relaunched as KBS Cool FM ( Korean : KBS 쿨FM )
2005-03-03 : KBS Cool FM Opened its studio to the public along with KBS Radio 2 .
2006 : Started visual radio ( BORA ) broadcasts on the internet .
2010-03-02 : KBS Moved Cool FM 's radio transmitter from Mount Namsan to Mount Gwanaksan .
2016 : KBS 2FM Resumed national broadcasting of select programs through Cross-Broadcast with Local Radio 2 Stations with Park Myeong-su 's Radio Show being the first show to be heard nationally .
Accessibility
FM Radio
Cool FM is available terrestrially in select cities including Seoul , Incheon , Chuncheon , Wonju , Hongcheon , Hoengseong , Cheorwon , Cheonan , Asan , Yesan , Hongseong , Dangjin , Seosan , Taean , Jincheon , Eumseong and Chungju .
Outside of the main station 's coverage area , Cool FM can be heard through local Happy FM stations at these times : 5:00~7:00AM KST , 11:00AM~2:00PM KST , and 6:00~8:00PM KST .
DMB Radio ( U-KBS Music )
In other areas not reachable terrestrially , Cool FM 's programs can be heard via U-KBS ' DMB channels .
Seoul : CH 12B
Chuncheon : CH 13B
Daejeon/Cheongju : CH 11B
Gwangju/Jeonju : CH 12B/CH 8B/CH 7B
Daegu : CH 7B/CH 9B
Busan/Ulsan : CH 12B/CH 9B
Jeju : CH 13B/CH 8B
Trivia
Despite being South Korea 's No.10 Radio Station 2FM Program Volume Up became the highest-rated radio program in its timeslot across both AM and FM bandwidths in Seoul .
Slogans
대한민국 뉴스 , 드라마 , 대중음악 라디오 방송국 89.1 메가 사이클 TBC 동양방송 ( South Korea 's News , Drama , Popular Music Station 89.1 Megahertz TBC Tongyang Broadcasting TBC Era Slogan until 1980 )
젊은 채널 , 감성 채널 2FM ( The Youth channel , The Emotional channel 2FM 2003~2014 )
대중음악 89.1 ( Popular Music 89.1 1980~1999 2010~2014 )
Today 's Best Music 2FM ( 2014~Present )
Controversies
See also
KBS Classic FM
Gugak FM
Gyeonggi Broadcasting Corporation
References
External links
KBS Cool FM Homepage
Radio stations in South Korea
2FM
Radio stations established in 1980
Zerøspace was the second album from the Kidneythieves , released on March 26 , 2002 . It includes a slightly reworked version of their 1998 cover of Patsy Cline 's `` Crazy '' which originally appeared on the Bride of Chucky soundtrack .
`` Beføre I 'm Dead '' is featured on the soundtrack of the 2002 film , Queen of the Damned .
Track listing
All songs written by Kidneythieves , except where noted
Beføre I 'm Dead – 4:36
Zerøspace – 3:50
Arsenal – 5:14
Mølten – 0:51
Black Bullet – 4:08
Dyskrasia – 4:21
Spank – 4:20
Glitter Girl – 4:15
Serene Dream – 3:36
Amnzerø – 2:07
Crazy ( Willie Nelson ) – 3:18
Placebø – 6:39
Take a Train [ Awakening ] – 2:21
Personnel
Executive Producer – Yoshiki Hayashi
References
Zerøspace post on the Official website
Popmatters review on Zerøspace
2002 albums
Kidneythieves albums
Extasy Records albums
Zambezi District is a district of Zambia , located in North-Western Province . The capital lies at Zambezi . As of the 2000 Zambian Census , the district had a population of 64,963 people . It consists of two constituencies , namely Zambezi West and Zambezi East .
References
Districts of North-Western Province , Zambia
Veppam ( ) is a 2011 Indian Tamil-language crime action film written and directed by newcomer Anjana Ali Khan , starring Nani , Nithya Menen , Karthik Kumar , and Bindu Madhavi . The story narrates events from the slum areas of Chennai , showcasing characters and their struggles . The film , jointly produced by Gautham Vasudev Menon 's Photon Kathaas and R. S. Infotainment , had been in production for over one year . The film released on 29 July 2011 , while a dubbed Telugu version , titled Sega , released simultaneously in Andhra Pradesh . Veppam received mixed reviews .
Plot
The film starts by showing a girl named Revathy ( Nithya Menen ) forwarding towards the beach and drowning themselves in it . The film is then set 18 years back in a slum in Chennai . Balaji 's ( Muthukumar ) mother dies , and their father , Jyothi ( Sheimour ) , a drunkard , leaves them on the streets . They work hard and ensures a decent living for their younger brother Karthik ( Nani ) with the help of Revathy 's father . Karthik , who studies in an engineering college , spends all their time with their friend Vishnu ( Karthik Kumar ) , who is also brought up in the locality . Revathy , who lives in the neighbourhood , loves Karthik . Revathy , Karthik , and Vishnu are close friends . Vishnu also owns a mechanic shop but is not generating enough income . Vishnu 's guardian pesters Vishnu to sell it and to look for a decent job which generates enough income to ensure financial security for the foreseeable future , but Vishnu refuses as the shop is the only surviving memory of their late father .
Jyothi takes to illegal ways and makes money working for a drug peddler Ammaji ( Jennifer ) . Balaji does not want their brother Karthik to join with their father Jyothi as they left them on the streets in their young age . Jyothi supplies call girls to men in that locality . Knowing that Vishnu is in love with Viji ( Bindu Madhavi ) , a call girl in the locality , and also needs money as their shop is not earning enough , Jyothi decides to exploit them for their selfish gain of transaction of a drug . They give them an assignment — to transport drugs to Pondicherry , promising to give them Viji if they complete the work . Vishnu takes the help of Karthik and leaves for Pondicherry . Viji hears that Jyothi is planning to sell the drug to Ammaji 's official enemy . They try to save Vishnu through Jyothi 's assistant . Meanwhile , Revathy 's father survives a heart attack and is desperate to contact Karthik and Vishnu while in the hospital . Balaji finds Karthik in Jyothi 's car and searches for them for a week . Meanwhile , Jyothi 's assistant warns Vishnu about Jyothi 's plan . Balaji finds Karthik in a bakery after a week and hits him . Karthik , in anger , leaves their house to Vishnu 's house , giving a phone to Revathy , leaves the drug in their cupboard . Vishnu searches for the drug in their bag in their house and fights with Karthik . Karthik gets hurt in their head from a chair and faints . Vishnu 's guardian kills Vishnu as they wanted to sell the mechanic shop which Vishnu owned . Viji dies in the depression of Vishnu 's death . The police arrest Karthik , thinking that they would have killed Vishnu .
Karthik comes out through Jyothi 's help . Balaji , Karthik , and Jothi go to Ammaji , where they find that Ammaji 's official enemies have joined . They try to kill Jyothi , but Balaji and Karthik save them and kill everybody there , and Jyothi kills Ammaji . They go to Jyothi 's house and start drinking , and upon being asked by Jyothi about the drug , Karthik replies that Revathy had found the drug in Karthik 's cupboard . They took the drug to Jyothi 's house , where a man tried to rape them They escaped and dissolved the drug in the beach . Later , Balaji gives Jyothi a glass of poisoned beer for they left them alone in their young age , and Karthik joins their brother and kills them for the reason for their friend Vishnu 's death . People nearby them agree not to let anyone know that they murdered Jyothi . The film ends as both brothers walk out of the room together .
Cast
Nani as Karthik
Karthik Kumar as Vishnu
Nithya Menen as Revathi
Bindu Madhavi as Viji
Sheimour Roosevelt as Jyothi
Jennifer as Ammaji
Muthukumar as Balaji ( voice dubbed by Gautham Menon )
Ramdoss as Ammaji 's henchman
Mippu as Vishnu 's friend
Myna Nandhini
Production
Veppam was shot in 46 days . Since the story was set in Chennai , it was mostly filmed in and around Chennai , with songs being canned in Mahabalipuram , Pondicherry and Kodaikanal . Anjana revealed that the story revolves around three friends — two boys and one girl — from the slums , played by Nani , Karthik Kumar and Nithya Menen , respectively , with Bindu Madhavi playing the role of a call girl . Nani and Bindu Madhavi had acted in a few Telugu films before and would make their Tamil film debut through Veppam . The film was also supposed to be Nithya Menen 's debut Tamil film . However , due to the long delay in production , it would become their second Tamil release after 180 . Nani and Nithya had starred together in the Telugu super hit Ala Modalaindi ( 2011 ) , which prompted the makers to dub and release the film in Telugu as well . Anjana had initially signed up with another producer , but since the project failed to take off , director Gautham Vasudev Menon , under whom they had worked as an assistant director , stepped in and took over the production . Produced for approximately US $ 550,000 , the film 's domestic theatrical rights were sold for US $ 600,000 , while the television rights , international theatrical rights and the rights to the Telugu dubbed version had been sold for a total of US $ 270,000 .
Soundtrack
The film 's music was composed by Joshua Sridhar . The soundtrack , which features seven tracks , was released by Suhasini Maniratnam on 31 December 2010 .
Release
Veppam opened to mixed responses . Pavithra Srinivasan of Rediff gave 2.5 out of 5 citing that `` a tauter screenplay , more logic in the sequences and realistic dialogues would have made Veppam an eminently enjoyable film '' . IBNLive described that `` the movie has some positives in terms of looks and narrative style , but it lacks the punch . '' A critic from Sify wrote that `` Veppam has everything to hold the audiences interest- romance , drama , violence and slick packaging . It is certainly worth a look . '' The Times of India wrote , `` Swear words and swagger do not , something director Anjana failed to factor in while working on the movie . So while we have some fearsome looking gangsters in well-shot frames , they fail to strike a chord and end up looking like caricatures . '' Supergoodmovies rated it 2.5/5 and called it `` A rich movie , Veppam will be here to stay for some time . '' Indiaglitz stated the movie as `` Watch this racy story for its worth your money . '' KollyInsider.com rated the movie with 2.5 stars out of 5 , stated good fun from starting to end . The Telugu version Sega failed at the box office . Veppam emerged as an average grosser .
References
External links
2010s Tamil-language films
2011 crime action films
2011 directorial debut films
2011 films
Films about organised crime in India
Films set in Chennai
Films shot in Chennai
Films shot in Kodaikanal
Films shot in Puducherry
Indian crime action films
Films scored by Joshua Sridhar
James Thompson Garrow , ( March 11 , 1843 – August 31 , 1916 ) was an Ontario lawyer and political figure . They represented Huron West in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal member from 1890 to 1902 .
They were born in Chippawa , Welland County , Canada West in 1843 , the son of Edward Garrow , a Scottish immigrant . They studied law , was called to the bar in 1868 , entered practice in Goderich with Malcolm Colin Cameron and was named Queen 's Counsel in 1885 . In 1872 , they married Mary Balfour Fletcher . Garrow served as reeve of Goderich from 1874 to 1880 and served one year as warden for Huron County . They died in 1916 .
References
External links
The Canadian parliamentary companion , 1891 JA Gemmill
The Canadian men and women of the time : a handbook of Canadian biography , HJ Morgan ( 1898 )
A Cyclopæedia of Canadian biography : being chiefly men of the time ... , GM Rose ( 1886 )
1843 births
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
1916 deaths
Canadian Queen 's Counsel
Marcus Fernaldi Gideon ( born 9 March 1991 ) is an Indonesian badminton player who was formerly ranked world No . 1 in the men 's doubles by the Badminton World Federation . They play for PB Jaya Raya , and has joined the club since June 2018 . They won the 2017 All England Open with their current partner Kevin Sanjaya Sukamuljo . They and Sukamuljo were recognized as one of the most outstanding players , and awarded as the BWF Best Male Players of the Year for two years in a row after collecting seven Superseries titles in 2017 and eight World Tour titles in 2018 .
Gideon and Sukamuljo are often referred to as `` the Minions '' because of their below average height and for their fast and agile playing style , jumping and bouncing just like the Minions in the film Despicable Me . Gillian Clark , a BWF commentator , stated that the fast play shown by Gideon and Sukamuljo have taken the men 's doubles game to a new level and makes the matches more exciting to watch .
Career
Early life
Gideon started their career in badminton at the Tangkas Jakarta club when they were 9 years old . At the age of 13 , they began playing professionally , and at the same time , they received a scholarship in Singapore . Four months later in Singapore , they returned to Indonesia because of illness , and decided not to continue their education abroad . They were again trained by their father , as a singles and doubles player . Gideon won their first international title in the men 's singles discipline at the Victorian International a Future Series event .
2010–2014 : Independent player , first Superseries title
Gideon was selected to join the national training centre in Cipayung , in the men 's doubles team in 2010 . Partnered with Agripina Prima Rahmanto Putra , they won the 2011 Singapore and 2012 Iran International tournaments , and also finished as the runners-up in 2012 Vietnam and Osaka International . Feeling disappointed with the Herry Iman Pierngadi decision in the sending players to the international tournaments , Gideon decided to leave the national training centre in 2013 .
Gideon then returned to the court as an independent player paired with the Beijing 2008 gold medalist , Markis Kido . The duo reached the semifinals at the 2013 Indonesian Masters Grand Prix Gold losing to national players Ronald Alexander and Selvanus Geh in straight games . They captured their first Superseries title at the 2013 French Open with Kido , played from the qualification stage , and beat the seeded pairs in their journey to reach the men 's doubles podium . Gideon and Kido , reached the semifinals at the 2014 All England Open , and then won their second title at the 2014 Indonesia Masters defeating Selvanus Geh and Kevin Sanjaya Sukamuljo in the final with the rubber games .
2015–2016 : The Minions World number 2
Seeing their achievements with Markis Kido , Gideon was invited by PBSI to rejoin the national team . In early 2015 , they were paired with Kevin Sanjaya Sukamuljo , ending the years by occupying the top 20 BWF World Ranking , grabbing one title at the Chinese Taipei Masters . At the Chinese Taipei Open in July , Gideon and Sukamuljo reached the final by defeating then World Champions Mohammad Ahsan and Hendra Setiawan , but they failed to take the title , losing the final tamely to Fu Haifeng and Zhang Nan . After this tournament , Indonesian badminton fans dub them as `` the Minions '' because of their below average height and for their fast and agile playing style , jumping and bouncing just like the Minions in the film Despicable Me . The former badminton player who is currently a BWF commentator , Gillian Clark , also highlighted that the fast play shown by Gideon and Sukamuljo have taken the men 's doubles game to a new level and makes the matches exciting to watch . Gideon also participated at the Southeast Asian Games , clinched the gold medal in the men 's team event and a silver medal in the men 's doubles event .
Gideon and Sukamuljo started their 2016 tour by winning the Malaysia Masters , their performance continued to improve and they won the Superseries title in India and Australia , followed by the Superseries Premier title in China . At the end of 2016 , they and Sukamuljo reached the top 10 world ranking , and qualified to compete at the BWF Superseries Finals held in Dubai . The duo failed to advance to the knock out stage after standing in the third position in the group stage , having won a match against their compatriots Angga Pratama and Ricky Karanda Suwardi , and losing two matches to Danish and Japanese pairs . Nevertheless , at year 's end Gideon and Sukamuljo occupied the number 2 position in the world rankings .
2019 : Eight World Tour titles
Gideon opened the season in January by winning their second Malaysia Masters and third Indonesia Masters titles . They and Sukamuljo reached their record 20th titles at the Superseries/Super 500 above tournaments . They then played at the Asian Championships held in Wuhan , China as first seed . They and Sukamuljo proceeded to the final , but inflicted a crushing defeat by number 5 seed Hiroyuki Endo and Yuta Watanabe . They then played with Indonesia mixed team at the Nanning Sudirman Cup , where Gideon and Sukamuljo partnership have never lost in their three matches against England , Chinese Taipei and Japan , but the team ended their journey in the competition after lost 1–3 in the semifinals tie against Japan . In the second half of the 2019 season , Gideon and Sukamuljo won the Indonesia and Japan Opens in July ; China Open in September ; Denmark and French Opens in October ; and also the Fuzhou China Open in November . Gideon and Sukamuljo were nominated for the Best Male Player award , but failed to retain the award after being defeated by Kento Momota .
2021 : The Thomas Cup : World men 's team champions
In July 2021 , Gideon competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics partnering Sukamuljo as first seed . The duo led the group standings after won two matches and lost a match . Gideon and Sukamuljo were eliminated from the competition by Malaysian pair Aaron Chia and Soh Wooi Yik in the quarter-finals .
In September–October , Gideon alongside Indonesia team competed at the 2021 Sudirman Cup in Vantaa , Finland . The team advanced to the knocked-out stage , but stopped in the quarter-finals to Malaysia . In the next tournament in Aarhus , Denmark , they helped Indonesia team reached the final of the World Men 's Team Championships , and the team won the 2020 Thomas Cup . In the next tournament , Gideon and Sukamuljo played at the BWF World Tour in Denmark , French , and Hylo Opens . The duo ended the tour by winning the Hylo Open . At the Indonesia badminton festival , they finished as runner-up in the Indonesia Masters and triumph in the Indonesia Open . This was their three successive victory at the Indonesia Open following on from success in 2018 and 2019 . Their achievements in 2021 , lead them as the first seed in the BWF World Tour Finals .
Personal life
Gideon is the son of former national badminton player , Kurniahu . They married a general practitioner , Agnes Amelinda Mulyadi on 14 April 2018 . Their first son Marcus Fernaldi Gideon Jr. was born in January 2019 .
Awards and nominations
Achievements
Asian Games
Men 's doubles
Asian Championships
Men 's doubles
Southeast Asian Games
Men 's doubles
BWF World Tour ( 19 titles , 5 runners-up )
The BWF World Tour , which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018 , is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) . The BWF World Tour is divided into levels of World Tour Finals , Super 1000 , Super 750 , Super 500 , Super 300 ( part of the HSBC World Tour ) , and the BWF Tour Super 100 .
Men 's doubles
BWF Superseries ( 11 titles , 2 runners-up )
The BWF Superseries , which was launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007 , was a series of elite badminton tournaments , sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) . BWF Superseries levels were Superseries and Superseries Premier . A season of Superseries consisted of twelve tournaments around the world that had been introduced since 2011 . Successful players were invited to the Superseries Finals , which were held at the end of each year .
Men 's doubles
BWF World Superseries Finals tournament
BWF Superseries Premier tournament
BWF Superseries tournament
BWF Grand Prix ( 3 titles , 1 runner-up )
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels , the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold . It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) and played between 2007 and 2017 .
Men 's doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series ( 3 titles , 3 runners-up )
Men 's singles
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
BWF Junior International ( 1 runner-up )
Boys ' doubles
BWF Junior International Grand Prix tournament
BWF Junior International Challenge tournament
BWF Junior International Series tournament
BWF Junior Future Series tournament
Performance timeline
National team
Senior level
Individual competitions
Senior level
Men 's doubles
Mixed doubles
Record against selected opponents
Record against year-end Finals finalists , World Championships semi-finalists , and Olympic quarter-finalists .
Kevin Sanjaya Sukamuljo
Marcus Fernaldi Gideon and Kevin Sanjaya Sukamuljo have ten winning streaks in the head-to-head record against Takuro Hoki and Yugo Kobayashi . They also lead the meeting record with a wide margin against Li Junhui and Liu Yuchen of China and their senior compatriots Mohammad Ahsan and Hendra Setiawan . Meanwhile , Sukamuljo and Gideon have a poor head-to-head record against Hiroyuki Endo and Yuta Watanabe ( 2–6 ) , Lee Yong-dae and Yoo Yeon-seong ( 0–3 ) , and also Fu Haifeng and Zhang Nan ( 1–3 ) .
Markis Kido
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Jakarta
Indonesian male badminton players
Badminton players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Indonesia
Badminton players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Indonesia
Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in badminton
World No . 1 badminton players
BWF Best Male Player of the Year
The Col de la Loze is a mountain pass in the French Alps , with an elevation of . A path up the mountain was opened in May 2019 , and is the seventh-highest mountain pass in France . The ascent featured in the 2020 Tour de France , as well as in the 2019 Tour de l'Avenir .
Geography
Col de la Loze is in Les Trois Vallées , at an elevation of . From Col de la Loze , one can ski to the nearby La Tania , and Le Praz . By chairlift , one can get from Col de la Loze to Courchevel and Méribel , and by button lift , one can get to La Tania . From Col de la Loze , one can also cycle to .
A path up the Col de la Loze was built in 2018 and was officially opened on 12 May 2019 . On the official opening day , there was still snow on the mountain , and it was the first French mountain pass to be cleared of snow . Motor vehicles are not permitted on the path . The path is paved on the side toward Courchevel . The path links Col de la Loze to Courchevel , and in 2020 was paved on the side to Méribel . There are future plans to continue the path to Val Thorens . It is the seventh-highest mountain pass in France , and the third-highest mountain pass in the Savoie region .
Cycling
On 12 May 2019 , the Col de la Loze held the Eiffage time trial event to commemorate its opening . There were 2 races : one over a distance of , and one over a shorter distance of . < p >
The first professional cycle race to ascend to Col de la Loze was stage 8 of the 2019 Tour de l'Avenir . The stage was won by Australia 's Alexander Evans .
Appearances in Tour de France
Col de la Loze was the summit finish for stage 17 of the 2020 Tour de France , which was won by Colombian rider Miguel Ángel López . The stage included an ascent of the Col de la Madeleine , which was not in the Tour de l'Avenir stage . The climb up to Col de la Loze was long , with an average gradient of 7.5 % and a maximum gradient of 24 % . The route followed a path formerly used by a mechanical ski lift . The ascent started in Brides-les-Bains and passed through Méribel , before turning onto the new path up to Col de la Loze . The finish point was the highest point of the 2020 Tour . Col de la Loze was one of two new summit finishes at the Tour , the other one being Grand Colombier .
References
Ski areas and resorts in France
Tourist attractions in Savoie
Mountain passes of the Alps
Climbs in cycle racing in France
Capito is a genus of birds in the family Capitonidae . They are found in humid forests in South America , with a single species extending into eastern Panama . Slightly larger than the members of the genus Eubucco , members of the genus Capito are all sexually dimorphic and thickset , and have stubby pale bills that often are tipped black . With the exception of the somewhat aberrant scarlet-crowned barbet , black , red , orange , yellow and white are the dominating colours in their plumage , and males have at least partially black backs . Typically seen singly or in pairs , they are primarily frugivorous , but also take arthropods .
Species
References
Schulenberg , T. , D. Stotz , D. Lane , J. O'Neill , & T. Parker III . ( 2007 ) . Birds of Peru . Christopher Helm Publishers .
Bird genera
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The most recent elections to the City of Edinburgh Council were held on Thursday 4 May 2017 , on the same day as the 31 other local authorities in Scotland . It was the third successive Local Council election to run under the single transferable vote ( STV ) electoral system .
The election saw the SNP become the largest party on the council for the first time , whilst the Conservative party overcame Labour to become the second largest party . Following the election Leith councillor Adam McVey took over control of the SNP group from Frank Ross . Conservative group leader Cameron Rose was similarly replaced by Iain Whyte . The Labour group elected Cammy Day as their leader .
The Labour-SNP administration formed in 2012 lost their majority however were able to continue in office in a minority administration , with Labour now being the junior partner to the SNP .
Boundary Changes
Following the implementation of changes recommended by the Local Government Boundary Commission for Scotland the number of councillors to be elected was increased from 58 to 63 . This was also the first election contested on new boundaries since the 2007 election . While the number of wards remained at 17 , five wards :
elected four councillors instead of three .
The fourth placed and losing candidate in four wards was SNP and one ward a Lib Dem . In a re-run of the 2017 election the boundary changes would have likely lead to an increase of +4 SNP Councillors and +1 Liberal Democrat .
The Meadows/Morningside ward was also renamed as Morningside .
Election result
Ward summary
|- class= '' unsortable '' align= '' centre ''
! rowspan=2 align= '' left '' |Ward
! %
! Seats
! %
! Seats
! %
! Seats
! %
! Seats
! %
! Seats
! %
! Seats
! rowspan=2|Total
|- class= '' unsortable '' align= '' center ''
! colspan=2 | Labour
! colspan=2 | SNP
! colspan=2 | Conservative
! colspan=2 | Green
! colspan=2 | Lib Dem
! colspan=2 | Others
|-
|align= '' left '' |Almond
|5.53
|0
|22.60
|1
|16.86
|1
|2.64
|0
|50.80
|2
|1.57
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Pentland Hills
|20.63
|1
|28.83
|1
|41.27
|2
|4.32
|0
|4.95
|0
|0.00
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Drum Brae/Gyle
|13.32
|0
|26.82
|1
|22.00
|1
|4.34
|0
|33.52
|1
|0.0
|0
|3
|-
|align= '' left '' |Forth
|20.73
|1
|31.31
|2
|28.38
|1
|9.99
|0
|7.81
|0
|1.78
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Inverleith
|12.37
|0
|18.96
|1
|36.91
|2
|12.30
|0
|16.59
|1
|2.87
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Corstorphine/Murrayfield
|7.68
|0
|21.65
|1
|33.41
|1
|5.23
|0
|30.64
|1
|1.38
|0
|3
|-
|align= '' left '' |Sighthill/Gorgie
|21.64
|1
|40.17
|2
|19.09
|1
|14.88
|0
|3.91
|0
|0.32
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Colinton/Fairmilehead
|20.59
|1
|20.73
|0
|49.76
|2
|4.28
|0
|4.64
|0
|0.00
|0
|3
|-
|align= '' left '' | Fountainbridge/Craiglockhart
|13.84
|0
|21.04
|1
|31.80
|1
|27.61
|1
|5.04
|0
|0.68
|0
|3
|-
|align= '' left '' |Morningside
|18.21
|1
|17.87
|0
|29.54
|1
|19.36
|1
|15.02
|1
|0.00
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |City Centre
|13.25
|1
|25.07
|1
|32.68
|1
|20.52
|1
|8.00
|0
|0.48
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Leith Walk
|22.49
|1
|34.46
|2
|14.42
|0
|19.69
|1
|3.74
|0
|5.19
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Leith
|20.35
|1
|36.16
|1
|15.93
|0
|22.26
|1
|5.29
|0
|0.00
|0
|3
|-
|align= '' left '' |Craigentinny/Duddingston
|23.25
|1
|37.11
|1
|23.72
|1
|11.70
|1
|4.21
|0
|0.00
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Southside/Newington
|20.12
|1
|20.54
|1
|26.93
|1
|20.35
|1
|12.05
|0
|0.00
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Liberton/Gilmerton
|32.27
|1
|33.80
|2
|23.24
|1
|5.17
|0
|5.52
|0
|0.00
|0
|4
|-
|align= '' left '' |Portobello/Craigmillar
|30.39
|1
|32.56
|1
|19.48
|1
|15.10
|1
|2.47
|0
|0.00
|0
|4
|- class= '' unsortable '' class= '' sortbottom ''
! align= '' left '' | Total
! 18.37
! 12
! 27.08
! 19
! 27.74
! 18
! 12.41
! 8
! 13.62
! 6
! 0.89
! 0
! 63
|-
| }
Ward results
Almond
2012 : 1xSNP ; 1xCon ; 1xLib Dem
2017 : 2xLib Dem ; 1xCon ; 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : One Lib Dem gain .
City Centre
2012 : 1xCon ; 1xSNP ; 1xLab
2017 : 1xCon ; 1xGreen ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : One Green gain .
Colinton/Fairmilehead
2012 : 2xCon ; 1xSNP
2017 : 2xCon ; 1xLab
2012-2017 Change : One Labour gain from SNP
Corstorphine/Murrayfield
2012 : 1xCon ; 1xSNP ; 1xLib Dem
2017 : 1xCon ; 1xSNP ; 1xLib Dem
2012-2017 Change : No change .
Craigentinny/Duddingston
2012 : 2xLab ; 1xSNP
2017 : 1xCon ; 1xGreen ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : One Labour loss , one Conservative gain and one Green gain .
Drum Brae/Gyle
2012 : 1xLab ; 1xSNP ; 1xLib Dem
2017 : 1xCon ; 1xSNP ; 1xLib Dem
2012-2017 Change : One Conservative gain from Labour .
Forth
2012 : 2xLab ; 1xSNP ; 1xCon
2017 : 2xSNP ; 1xCon ; 1xLab
2012-2017 Change : One SNP gain from Labour .
Fountainbridge/Craiglockhart
2012 : 1xGreen ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP
2017 : 1xCon ; 1xGreen ; 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : One Conservative gain from Labour .
Inverleith
2012 : 1xSNP ; 1xCon ; 1xLab ; 1xGreen
2017 : 2xCon ; 1xLib Dem ; 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : One Conservative & Liberal Democrat gain from Labour and Green .
Leith
2012 : 1xLab ; 1xGreen ; 1xSNP
2017 : 1xGreen ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : No change .
Leith Walk
2012 : 2xLab ; 1xSNP ; 1xGreen
2017 : 2xSNP ; 1xGreen ; 1xLab
2012-2017 Change : One SNP gain from Labour .
Liberton/Gilmerton
2012 : 2xLab ; 1xSNP ; 1xCon
2017 : 2xSNP ; 1xCon ; 1xLab
2012-2017 Change : One SNP gain from Labour .
Morningside
2012 : 1xCon ; 1xGreen ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP
2017 : 1xCon ; 1xGreen ; 1xLib Dem ; 1xLab
2012-2017 Change : One Liberal Democrat gain from SNP .
* = Outgoing Councillor from a different Ward .
Pentland Hills
2012 : 1xSNP ; 1xLab ; 1xCon
2017 : 2xCon ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : One Conservative gain .
Portobello/Craigmillar
2012 : 2xLab ; 1xSNP
2017 : 1xCon ; 1xGreen ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : One Labour loss , one Conservative gain and one Green gain .
Sighthill/Gorgie
2012 : 2xLab ; 2xSNP
2017 : 2xSNP ; 1xCon ; 1xLab
2012-2017 Change : One Conservative gain from Labour .
Southside/Newington
2012 : 1xGreen ; 1xLab ; 1xSNP ; 1xCon
2017 : 1xCon ; 1xGreen ; 1xLab 1xSNP
2012-2017 Change : No Change .
Changes since 2017
† On 20 February 2018 , Leith Walk SNP councillor Lewis Ritchie resigned from the party and became an Independent , following complaints about their behaviour arising out of allegedly punching someone in a taxi .
†† On 23 April 2018 , Inverleith SNP councillor Gavin Barrie resigned from the party and became an Independent , after losing their position in the ruling administration as Economy Convener , following a vote at the SNP group AGM .
††† On 4 July 2018 , Sighthill/Gorgie Conservative councillor Ashley Graczyk resigned from the party and became an Independent , saying the UK government 's policies on disability issues and social justice are “ incompatible with their beliefs and conscience ” .
†††† On 17 July 2018 , Drum Brae/Gyle SNP councillor Claire Bridgman resigned from the party for undisclosed reasons and became an Independent .
††††† On 28 January 2019 , Leith Walk Labour councillor Marion Donaldson announced they were resigning from the Council citing reports of internal party tensions . A by-election was held on 11 April 2019 and was won by Robb Munn of the SNP .
†††††† On 21 February 2020 , SNP Craigentinny/Duddingston councillor Ian Campbell stood down due to health reasons . A by-election was held on 12 November 2020 and was won by the SNP 's Ethan Young .
††††††† On 30 July 2020 , SNP Liberton/Gilmerton councillor Derek Howie resigned from the SNP Group to become an Independent .
By-elections since 2017
Retiring Councillors
† Originally elected as a Liberal Democrat candidate .
†† Originally elected as a Scottish National Party candidate .
References
External links
2017
2017 Scottish local elections
2010s in Edinburgh
Andrius Pojavis ( born 25 November 1983 ) is a Lithuanian singer-songwriter . On 20 December 2012 , they were selected to represent Lithuania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 , which was held in Malmö , Sweden on 18 May 2013 .
Early career
Pojavis began singing at a young age , and during high school they played in a band called `` No Hero '' . After graduating from high school , Pojavis moved to Vilnius where they graduated History studies at Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences and played in a number of bands , including the `` Hetero '' , who won the `` EuroRock '' competition in 2006 . They later moved to Ireland , where they lived for one year , and began to write solo material . In 2012 , Pojavis began to record their debut album in Massive Arts studio in Milan , Italy . The first single `` Traukiniai '' was later that year , ranking within the top twenty of the Lithuanian Singles Chart , and its music video was aired on national television . Following this success , Pojavis released their debut album `` Aštuoni '' to both commercial and critical acclaim in Lithuania .
Eurovision
Andrius represented Lithuania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 with the song `` Something . '' They collected 53 points in the first semi final , held on May 14 , and placed ninth . In the final , they came twenty-second with 17 points . During a press conference held following the first semi final , Pojavis stated they would like to place eighth , a reference to their album , titled Astuoni .
Personal life
Pojavis is currently living in Valencia , Spain with their wife and two daughters .
References
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Lithuania
21st-century Lithuanian male singers
Lithuanian pop singers
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 2013
People from Jurbarkas
Living people
1983 births
English-language singers from Lithuania
Lithuanian emigrants to Italy
Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences alumni
Hermann Gustav Settegast ( 30 April 1819 in Königsberg - 11 August 1908 in Berlin ) was a German agronomist . They established the first agricultural school in Germany that was independent of a university and is considered to be one of the 19th century 's foremost experts on animal breeding .
References
Alfred Oehlke : Hermann Settegast . Sein Leben , Wollen und Wirken . Eine biographische Studie . Alfred Unger , Berlin 1904 .
Alfred Oehlke : Hermann Settegast . In : Schlesische Lebensbilder . Vol.2 , 1926 , pgs.242–246 .
1819 births
1908 deaths
German agronomists
Animal breeders
German farmers
Callimetopus niveuseta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Dela Cruz and Adorada in 2012 .
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2012
Van Metre is an unincorporated community in Jones County , in the U.S. state of South Dakota .
History
Van Metre was originally Bovine ; the present name is in honor of Arthur C. Van Metre , a South Dakota pioneer . A post office called Bovine was established in 1891 , the name was changed to Van Metre in 1907 , and the post office closed in 1960 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Jones County , South Dakota
Unincorporated communities in South Dakota
Blenina donans is a moth of the family Nolidae first described by Francis Walker in 1858 . It is found from India , Sri Lanka to the Pacific region ( Australia , New Caledonia ) .
Description
The wingspan of the adults is up to 40 mm . Antennae of male minutely ciliated . Forewings with slightly excised outer margin towards angle . Hindwings rounded . Head and thorax greyish suffused with fuscous . Abdomen orange fulvous with slight greyish tuft at base . Forewings grey suffused with fuscous slightly and with a green tinge in some places . Somewhat indistinct waved sub-basal , oblique medial , postmedial and irregular sub-marginal dark lines can be seen . There is a dark streak runs from discocellulars to the sub-marginal line above outer angle . Hindwings orange with marginal fuscous-black border , widest at apex .
Larva sub-cylindrical , with all prolegs present and well developed . Head is smooth , and yellowish green . Body smooth , and grass green with the venter tinged blue . Spiracles orange .
Host plants : the larvae feed on persimmons of Diospyros sp . ( Ebenaceae ) .
References
Bleninae
At the 1900 Summer Olympics , five equestrian events were contested . The competition was held from 29 May to 2 June at the Place de Breteuil in the 7th arrondissement of Paris , as part of the Exposition Universelle in Paris . The equestrian events were organised by the Société Hippique Française and titled as the Concours Hippique International ( English : International Horse Show ) , with competitors from eight countries competing in three jumping and two driving events .
Only the three jumping events had been considered `` Olympic '' by the International Olympic Committee in the past . The IOC website currently has affirmed a total of 95 medal events , after accepting , as it appears , the recommendation of Olympic historian Bill Mallon for events that should be considered `` Olympic '' . These additional events include two equestrian driving events . It is not certain how many competitors there were , but it is likely that there were between 37 and 64 . Five nations competed in the Olympic jumping events , with three more ( Germany , Spain , and Austria ) in the two driving events . There were two female riders , both of whom competed in the hacks and hunter combined event : Italian Elvira Guerra and Frenchwoman Jane Moulin .
Schedule
Medal table
Medal summary
See also
List of Olympic medalists in equestrian
Notes
References
Sources
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael , Herman . Herman 's Full Olympians : `` Equestrian 1900 '' . Accessed 19 January 2006 . Available electronically at .
1900 Summer Olympics events
1900s
Hong Kong competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Equestrian
Through the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method , the country earned a pair of slots at the Rio Games for their two highest ranked equestrian competitors . These slots were irrespective of class ranking .
Shooting
The third opportunity for direct qualification for shooters to the Rio Paralympics took place at the 2015 IPC IPC Shooting World Cup in Sydney , Australia . At this competition , Yan Wo Wong earned a qualifying spot for their country in the P1- Men 's 10m Air Pistol SH1 event .
See also
Hong Kong at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Hong Kong sport
Kostanay ( , ) is a district of Kostanay Region in eastern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the urban-type settlement of Tobyl . Population :
Notable residents
Aleksandra Klimova ( 19212005 ) , actor
Ivan Pavlov ( 19221950 ) , aviator
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Conchobar Ó Cellaigh , 43rd King of Uí Maine and 10th Chief of the Name , died 1268 .
Historical background
Uí Maine during their reign fell away from subordinate status to the Kings of Connacht and regained something of its former independence , but at the cost of encastellation and settlement under Richard Mór de Burgh ( died 1242 ) and their son , Walter de Burgh , 1st Earl of Ulster ( died 1271 ) .
There are only the most indirect references to Uí Maine in the annals , perhaps reflecting the kingdom 's reduction into less significance or its domination by the de Burgh dynasty . The Ui Maine would go on to displace the de Burgh 's of Connacht from power in the next few centuries .
Family
Conchobar is stated in the Book of Lecan to have been the eldest son of Domnall Mór Ua Cellaigh . Their brother , Tomás Ó Cellaigh , was Bishop of Clonfert .
Ó Cellaigh 's mother was Dubh Cobhlaigh Ní Briain , a daughter of King Domnall Mór of Thomond ( died 1194 ) .
Conchobar had three wives ; the daughter of Ó hEidhin ( anglicised as Hynes ) of Aidhne ; Derbhforgaill , daughter of Ó Loughlin of the Burren ; Eadaoin , daughter of Mac Con Mara ( MacNamara ) of Thomond .
By Ní hEidhin they had two sons ,
Domnall Ó Cellaig ( died 1295 ) , later king of Uí Maine and ancestor to the O'Kelly of Belagllda .
Murchadh .
By Derbhforgaill Ní Loughlin they had
Donnchad Muimnech Ó Cellaigh ( died 1307 )
Maine Mor Ó Cellaigh ( died 1271 )
By Eadaoin Ní Con Mara they had
Cathal na Finne
Cairbre
Maurice
References
The Tribes and customs of Hy-Many , John O'Donovan , 1843
The Surnames of Ireland , Edward MacLysaght , Dublin , 1978 .
The Anglo-Normans in Co. Galway : the process of colonization , Patrick Holland , Journal of the Galway Archaeological and Historical Society , vol . 41 ( 1987-88 )
Excavation on the line of the medieval town defences of Loughrea , Co. Galway , J.G.A. & H.S. , vol . 41 , ( 1987-88 )
Anglo-Norman Galway ; rectangular earthworks and moated sites , Patrick Holland , J.G.A . & H.S. , vol . 46 ( 1993 )
Rindown Castle : a royal fortress in Co. Roscommon , Sheelagh Harbison , J.G.A . & H.S. , vol . 47 ( 1995 )
The Anglo-Norman landscape in County Galway ; land-holdings , castles and settlements , Patrick Holland , J.G.A. & H.S. , vol . 49 ( 1997 )
Annals of Ulster at CELT : Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Annals of Tigernach at CELT : Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Revised edition of McCarthy 's synchronisms at Trinity College Dublin .
People from County Galway
People from County Roscommon
13th-century Irish monarchs
Conchobar
Kings of Uí Maine
This is a list of Dutch television related events from 1967 .
Events
Debuts
Television shows
1950s
NOS Journaal ( 1956–present )
Pipo de Clown ( 1958-1980 )
Ending this year
Births
27 January - Rudolph van Veen , TV chef
Deaths
The Kershaw Peaks ( ) are a group of five main peaks , the highest at , standing west of the mouth of Miethe Glacier on the west coast of Graham Land , Antarctica . They were shown on an Argentine government chart of 1952 , and were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for Dennis Kershaw of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey , assistant surveyor at the Arthur Harbour station in 1956 and at the Danco Island station in 1957 .
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Danco Coast
Hit the Road ( ) is a 2021 Iranian road comedy-drama film written and directed by Panah Panahi in their feature debut . It depicts an Iranian family driving to the Turkish border to smuggle their young adult son out of the country . It premiered in the Directors ' Fortnight sidebar at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival , and won top prizes at the BFI London Film Festival and the Singapore International Film Festival .
Cast
Hassan Madjooni as Khosro , the father
Pantea Panahiha as the mother
Rayan Sarlak as the younger brother
Amin Simiar as Farid , the elder brother
Release
In July 2021 , Picturehouse Entertainment acquired distribution rights to the film for the United Kingdom and Ireland . In August 2021 , Kino Lorber acquired US rights . The film was released in the US on 22 April 2022 .
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds an approval rating of 95 % , based on 91 reviews , and an average rating of 8.4/10 . On Metacritic , the film has a weighted average score of 90 out of 100 , based on 28 critics , indicating `` universal acclaim '' .
Wendy Ide of Screen International wrote , `` Thrillingly inventive , satisfyingly textured and infused with warmth and humanity , this is a triumph . '' Jessica Kiang of Variety wrote , `` its 93 minutes whip by so airily , it 's possible not to realize how much you 've learned to love the family whose road trip you 've shared in , until the credits roll and you immediately start to miss them . ''
David Ehrlich at IndieWire gave the film an A− grade , calling it `` a film that swerves between tragedy and gallows humor with the expert control of a stunt driver '' . Roxana Hadadi of New York wrote , `` There is a sparseness to Hit the Road that reveals the intuitiveness of Panahi 's filmmaking , their grasp of these characters and how they tug and poke at each other , and their understanding of the ways fear , paranoia , and loss turn us into people we might not like , let alone recognize . ''
References
External links
2021 films
2020s Persian-language films
2021 comedy-drama films
2020s road comedy-drama films
Iranian comedy-drama films
Films set in Iran
Films shot in Iran
Jiangling may refer to :
Places
Jiangling County ( 江陵县 ) , a county under the jurisdiction of Jingzhou City , China
Jiangling ( 江陵 ) , a historical name of Jingzhou , Hubei , China
Companies
Jiangling Motors ( 江铃汽车 or 江铃股份 ) , Chinese automobile manufacturer
JMCG ( 江铃集团 ) , Chinese state-owned automotive company
Jiangling Holdings ( 江铃控股 ) , Chinese automotive joint venture
Davutbeyli is a village in the District of Gerede , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 , it had a population of 70 people .
References
Villages in Gerede District
In comics , Menagerie may refer to :
Menagerie ( DC Comics ) , two DC Comics characters connected with the Elite and Justice League Elite
Menagerie ( Image Comics ) , an Image Comics character and member of Dynamo 5
See also
Menagerie ( disambiguation )
The Ericsson T68m ( often called simply T68 ) was a candy-bar style mobile phone by Ericsson Mobile Communications . Launched in time for the 2001 Christmas season , the T68 was the first Ericsson mobile phone to have a colour screen , a passive LCD-STN with a resolution of 101×80 and 256 colours . Despite its diminute size ( 3.94×1.89×0.79 in or 100×48×20 mm , 2.96 oz or 84 g ) , it was one of the most feature-rich mobile phones at the time , with Bluetooth , IrDA port , GPRS 3+1 , tri-band compatibility ( 900 MHz , 1800 MHz and 1900 MHz ) , SMS with T9 ( predictive text ) , EMS , WAP , and customizable monophonic ring tones . A simple bitmap image editor was provided , allowing the creation of monochrome pictures by guiding a cursor around the canvas and setting or unsetting individual pixels ( several 'brush ' sizes were selectable to make this easier ) . These images could be set as the phone 's background image in standby mode , and sent to owners of EMS-compliant phones . With EMS soon to be succeeded by the superior MMS , few owners made much use of this feature . At its release , the phone cost around € 500 , GBP299 in the UK , in either two-tone grey or all-gold .
In 2002 , after a slight cosmetic redesign and a software upgrade , the T68m was re-released as the Sony Ericsson T68i , as by as Ericsson had created a joint venture with Sony Corporation to produce mobile phones as Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications . The upgrade , also available to owners of the T68 , provided a built-in e-mail client , SyncML support , and , for the first time ever , two-way MMS with full SMIL implementation . The underlying hardware remained unchanged . The T68i is known for being a highly effective example of stealth marketing . Before being released Sony Ericsson paid actors to pretend to be tourists and asked people to take pictures of them with the T68i . The previously included Tetris game was not present in the firmware of the T68i .
A camera was not present , which was sold as an add-on ( MCA-25 CommuniCam ) and , at the end of the model life cycle , was offered with the phone . Calendar items , wallpapers , screen savers , contact pictures and ringtones can be sent to the T68i through the Bluetooth protocol , or infrared .
The T68i was the first Ericsson ( Sony ) free from brominated flame retardants ( BFR ) .
It was featured in the James Bond film Die Another Day .
Variants
T68m
T68i
T68ie
T68a
References
External links
Official T68i specifications on the Sony Ericsson website
The T68i as a James Bond movie gadget
T68i
Mobile phones introduced in 2001
Mobile phones with infrared transmitter
Powersville is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County , Kentucky , United States .
History
A post office called Powersville was established in 1831 , and remained in operation until 1904 . John F. Power , the postmaster , gave the community its name .
An inn and tavern once stood in the community at the junction of KY 19 and 10 , serving during the mid to late 1800s as an overnight stagecoach stopover on the road connecting Augusta and Cynthiana . The structure was built as a hunting lodge by Phillip Buckner : a Revolutionary War veteran , settler of Powersville , and founder of the city of Augusta , Kentucky . Buckner acquired the land through grants for their military service during the war . They lived at the lodge until their death in 1830 and was buried in the community . In the first half of the 20th century , the log structure was used as a toll house and later a parsonage for the Powersville Christian Church . The structure remained in its original location until 2012 , when it was moved to Pendleton County for use as a private residence .
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County , Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Iodine trichloride is an interhalogen compound of iodine and chlorine . It is bright yellow but upon time and exposure to light it turns red due to the presence of elemental iodine . In the solid state is present as a planar dimer I2Cl6 , with two bridging Cl atoms .
It can be prepared by reacting iodine with an excess of liquid chlorine at −70 °C . In the molten state it is conductive , which may indicate dissociation :
I2Cl6 +
Iodine trichloride can be created by heating a mixture of liquid iodine and chlorine gas to 105 °C .
It is an oxidizing agent , capable of causing fire on contact with organic materials .
References
Iodine compounds
Chlorides
Interhalogen compounds
Oxidizing agents
Branko Ružić ( , born 14 December 1975 ) is a Serbian politician . They are a long time-member of the Socialist Party of Serbia and member of its executive board . They currently serve as the First Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and Minister of Education , Science and Technological Development .
They also served as the Minister without portfolio in charge of European integration from 2013 to 2014 , and the Minister of Public Administration and Local Self-Government in the Government of Serbia from 2017 to 2020 .
Education and career
They graduated from the University of Belgrade and served dean student of the faculty from 1996 to 1999 . During the time at the University , they joined the party of Serbian strongman Slobodan Milošević - Socialist Party of Serbia .
From April 2000 to December 2002 , they were the president of the Youth of the party . They also served as the spokesperson of the party from March 2001 to December 2002 . They were an MP in the National Assembly of Serbia from January 2001 to December 2003 . From 2004 to 2006 they were an MP in National Assembly of Serbia and Montenegro and several other European Boards .
From 2008 to 2013 they served as the president of position parliamentary group of Socialist Party of Serbia in National Assembly , as well as a member of the permanent delegation of the National Assembly of Serbia to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe , where they were a member of the Political Committee and a member of the Human Rights Committee . In September 2013 , after the reconstruction of the cabinet of Ivica Dačić , they were named the Minister without portfolio in charge of European integration and stayed on that position until 27 April 2014 .
In February 2017 , the Prime Minister of Serbia Aleksandar Vučić decided to run for the 2017 Serbian presidential elections . They won the elections in the first round and was sworn as the President of Serbia on 31 May 2017 . Weeks later , they gave mandate to Ana Brnabić to form the governmental cabinet . On 29 June 2017 , the cabinet of Ana Brnabić was formed , with Ružić being named the Minister of Public Administration and Local Self-Government .
Personal life
Ružić and their wife Ana have two children , son Milutin and daughter Elena .
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
People from Zemun
Government ministers of Serbia
Socialist Party of Serbia politicians
FK Partizan non-playing staff
Deputy Prime Ministers of Serbia
Education ministers of Serbia
The Woman They Loved is a 1988 British HTV made-for-television romantic drama film for ITV about the abdication of Edward VIII . Directed by Charles Jarrott , it stars Anthony Andrews , Jane Seymour and Olivia de Havilland . Jane Seymour was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film at the 46th Golden Globe Awards and Julie Harris was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie . Costume designer Robin Fraser-Paye was also nominated for Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Costume Design for a Miniseries or a Special .
It was partly shot at Shirenewton Hall in Monmouthshire . This was Olivia de Havilland 's final acting role , before their death in 2020 .
Cast
Anthony Andrews as Prince of Wales
Jane Seymour as Wallis Simpson
Olivia de Havilland as Aunt Bessie Merryman
Lucy Gutteridge as Thelma Furness , Viscountess Furness
Tom Wilkinson as Ernest Simpson
Julie Harris as Alice Warfield ( Mrs Simpson 's mother )
Robert Hardy as Winston Churchill
Phyllis Calvert as Queen Mary
Evelyn Laye as Maud Cunard
David Waller as Stanley Baldwin - They also appeared as Baldwin in ITV 's Edward & Mrs Simpson ( 1978 ) .
Rupert Frazer as Peregrine Francis Adelbert Cust , 6th Baron Brownlow ( Equerry to the Prince of Wales )
Charlotte Mitchell as Lady Chatfield
Margaretta Scott as Lady Wigram
Richard Wilson as Norman Birkett , 1st Baron Birkett
References
External links
1988 films
1988 television films
1988 romantic drama films
Cultural depictions of the Edward VIII abdication crisis
British romantic drama films
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows produced by Harlech Television ( HTV )
English-language television shows
Cultural depictions of Stanley Baldwin
Cultural depictions of Winston Churchill
Films directed by Charles Jarrott
1980s British films
British drama television films
Trouble is a five-issue romance comic book limited series published in 2003 by Marvel Comics as a part of its Epic Comics imprint . Written by Mark Millar and illustrated by Terry and Rachel Dodson , the series deals with teen pregnancy . The basic concept was created by Bill Jemas and Joe Quesada .
Trouble was considered by Marvel 's editorial group as the origin of the Ultimate Marvel Spider-Man . It was also meant to re-popularize romance comics ( which were very popular in the 1950s , selling millions of copies ) , but failed .
A trade paperback collecting the five issues was originally scheduled to be published on 18 February 2004 , but canceled when Epic was shut down after Bill Jemas , who had been a driving force behind the imprint , resigned as president of Marvel Comics . A hardcover collection was published by Marvel on June 1 , 2011 .
Characters
May Reilly – A 17-year-old redhead and something of a wild child .
Mary Fitzpatrick – May 's blonde best friend and rather shy .
Ben Parker – Richard 's older brother , who was often in hospitals as a child .
Richard ( Richie ) Parker – Ben 's younger brother and their dad 's clear favorite .
Plot summary
May and their best friend Mary work in a resort in the Hamptons during their summer vacation , looking for some fun away from home . Soon they make friends with fellow service staff members Richard and their brother Ben , and the four of them begin hanging out . After a couple of days of hard work and being bossed about by the guests , May and Mary go to a dance together . After the dance and a round of night swimming , they head back to their rooms ; May takes Ben to their room and sleeps with him , while Mary tells Richie it is too fast for her , and they want to wait before having sex with him . They later reveals to them it is because a palm-reader told them they would become a mom before they were twenty if they had sex in their teens . The same fortune-teller also told May nobody was ever going to call them `` mom '' , which explains why May is so open in their relationships . Richie is not very understanding of their reasons for not sleeping with him , and starts an affair with May . May tells Mary they are cheating on Ben , but not with whom . A while later , they find out that they are pregnant . Upon realizing the fortune-teller must have been wrong , Mary now finally sleeps with Richie , who then ends the affair with May . When May reveals their pregnancy to Ben , it turns out he 's sterile and their affair with Richie , who must be the father , is uncovered . May is thinking about having an abortion , but decides against it . Afraid of going home and facing their dad with an unwanted child , May runs away .
May finds a man to stay with , but does not tell them about their pregnancy . They grow to be disgusted by him . May contacts Mary and meets with them Mary is still very angry with May for having an affair with Richie , and tells them they deserve all the trouble they are going through , but decides to help them when May tells them they have been thinking about suicide . Mary comes up with the plan to tell everybody the baby is hers , so May will not have to face their fundamentalist parents and Mary can test if they can trust Richie , who is still in love with them and writing their frequent letters , none of which they have answered yet . Once May gives birth to their healthy baby boy , Peter , Mary takes them to Richie , and they start a family , while May returns home to their parents as if nothing had happened .
Covers
All issues of Trouble featured photo covers by French photographer Philippe Bialobos in the style of teen romance novels , which is unusual for an American comic book series , with cover design by Joe Quesada . These covers were to appeal to a female audience ( Marvel originally hoped for high sales outside the comic scene , particularly with a collected edition that was to be heavily promoted in many bookstores , but never published after the series did not do well in the direct market ) .
The second printing of the first issue ( Trouble # 1 : The Second Chances Edition ) was the only one to feature a conventional comic book cover , drawn by Frank Cho .
Reception
The reveal that series ' main characters , May , Ben , Mary and Richard , are meant to be Peter Parker 's Aunt May and Uncle Ben , and their parents Richard and Mary Parker , and thus , the revelation that the Ultimate Marvel incarnation of Aunt May is actually Peter Parker 's biological mother was seen as highly controversial among Spider-Man fans , with many criticisms of the series mistakenly implying the series to be set in Marvel 's primary continuity , with Millar 's dialogue being criticized as not being representative of the time it is set in ( supposedly the 1970s ) and their storytelling failing to grab the audience ; many complained that the characters were written too similarly , and were hard to keep apart , `` save for the fact that one of the girls will do it on the first date when the other one wo n't '' . In contrast , Dodson 's artwork throughout the series was praised .
References
External links
Trouble cover gallery at Comic Book DB
Newsarama '' 's coverage of Marvel 's press conference about Trouble '' ( archived at archive.org )
SpiderFan.org Top Ten Reasons Not To Take The Trouble Mini-series Seriously
2003 comics debuts
Epic Comics titles
Marvel Comics limited series
Romance comics
Trust-based marketing is a marketing theory based on building consumer relationships through trustworthy dialogue and unbiased information . The concept was originated by Dr. Glen L. Urban , professor and former dean of the MIT Sloan School of Management . Trust-based marketing focuses on customer advocacy techniques that assist consumers in making informed purchase decisions based on comprehensive marketplace options and equitable advice .
The theory contends that being honest and open is the best path to building consumer trust and creating a more loyal customer base . This is said to give customers increased consumer power through Internet access to product information and competitive pricing . Companies therefore can no longer rely on traditional models of `` push marketing '' in which a product 's positive attributes may mask unsuitable characteristics .
For customers wanting to make an informed decision on a complex decision purchase , trust-based marketing is claimed to provide consumers with unbiased advice . The theory is that in competitive markets , companies need to approach their customers with respect and acknowledge that product and competitor information is easily accessible . Companies that provide consumers with comprehensive product options , including their competitor 's , will earn the trust of the consumer even if it does not result in an immediate sale . When impartial and candid information is presented , a consumer 's loyalty towards the company increases and greater lifetime profitability per customer will be achieved .
Urban argues that `` Trust-based companies have higher customer retention and more stable revenue streams . The prediction is that trust-based businesses will , in the end , have higher sales volumes and lower marketing costs than companies that survive on push-based marketing strategies . '' According to authors Dan Kennedy and Matt Zagula , trust-based marketing is used by Ponzi schemers such as Bernie Madoff , who was successful despite the fact that “ [ none ] could explain exactly what Bernie did with their money or how they consistently generated above-par returns . ”
Urban originally tested their hypothesis with a prototype site for General Motors called TruckTown which provided unbiased comparisons of competing truck products . They found that more than 75 % of TruckTown visitors said they trusted TruckTown more than the dealer who had sold them their last vehicle . Urban continued to test their theory with projects such as AutoChoiceAdvisor , a website to help car shoppers find the vehicle that best suits their needs ) and a Medicare Insurance advisor called PlanPrescriber .
See also
Multi-level marketing
References
External links
Trust-Based Marketing , MIT Faculty Spotlight
Types of marketing
Zanclognatha jacchusalis bryanti is a moth of the family Noctuidae . It was described by William Barnes in 1928 . It is found from British Columbia to Oregon .
Taxonomy
The classification of this species was unclear for a long time . Some authors considered it a subspecies of Zanclognatha ochreipennis . It has also been treated as a synonym of Zanclognatha jacchusalis or a subspecies of Zanclognatha lutalba .
External links
bryanti
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1928
The Striker with Number 9 ( , translit . I fanela me to 9 ) is a 1989 Greek drama film directed by Pantelis Voulgaris . It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival . It is based on the novel by Menis Koumandareas and the screenplay was written by Vangelis Raptopoulos .
Cast
Stratos Tzortzoglou as Bill Seretis
Themis Bazaka as Kiki
Nikos Bousdoukos as Giorgos Kapatos
Stamatis Jelepis as Spyros
Katia Sperelaki as Dora
Nikos Tsachiridis as Tsalikis
Kostas Kleftogiannis
Anna Avgoula as Eva
Stavros Kalaroglou
Zano Danias
Vangelis Pantazis
Giannis Tsoubris
Giannis Hatzigiannis
Vasilis Vlahos
Thanasis Mylonas as Votsis
References
External links
1989 films
1989 drama films
Greek drama films
1980s Greek-language films
Films directed by Pantelis Voulgaris
The Kings of Frog Island are an English stoner rock collective drawing from psychedelic and retro rock traditions . The Kings of Frog Island formed in Leicester , England ( hence Frog Island ) in 2003 , as a collaboration between guitarist and producer Mark Buteux , along with R. `` Doj '' Watson , a founding member of the grunge/punk group Scum Pups and Mat Bethancourt , of the rock bands Josiah and The Beginning . The band released their debut , self-titled album with German-based Elektrohasch Records in 2005 . Work on the first album involved some input from guest artists associated with members of the band 's musical past , most notably , Matthew ( Midge ) Day of Scum Pups . Mathew Bethancourt left The Kings Of Frog Island in 2010 to concentrate on Cherry Choke , while Mark Buteux , Gavin Searle , Gavin Wright , Tony Heslop and Roger ‘ Doj ' Watson continued work producing a fourth , fifth , sixth , and seventh album as The Kings of Frog Island . They run Amphibia Sound Studios VI and are working on forthcoming projects and collaborations with Bulletree Filmes of Brazil .
Members
Mark Buteux
Gavin Searle
Lee Madel-Toner
Roger ( Doj ) Watson
Tony Heslop
Other members and collaborators include :
Mat Bethancourt
Matthew Day ( Midge )
Gavin Wright
Julia Dream
Gregg Hunt
Leia Buteux
Neve Buteux
Scarlett Searle
Discography
The Kings of Frog Island ( 2005 )
II ( 2008 )
3 ( 2010 )
IV ( 2013 )
V ( 2014 )
IV ( 2016 )
VI ( 2020 )
The Kings Of Frog Island 6.5 ( 2021 )
VII ( 2021 )
Track Listing :
External links
Josiah
Scum Pups
Elektrohasch Records
English rock music groups
Musical groups from Leicester
English stoner rock musical groups
Fred C. Blanck ( October 14 , 1881 – 1965 ) was an American food scientist who was involved in the founding of the Institute of Food Technologists ( IFT ) which was involved in the publishing of food and nutrition articles and books .
IFT founding
A charter member of IFT when it was founded in 1939 , Blanck proposed at the last session of the meeting at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to have the new society dealing with food science in the United States be called the Institute of Food Technologists . They would serve as president of IFT in 1944-45 and would be named the first winner of the Stephen M. Babcock Award , now the Babcock-Hart Award in 1948 .
Career
During their career , Blanck worked for the H.J . Heinz Company , the Mellon Institute of Industrial Research ( Carnegie Mellon University since 1967 ) , and the United States Department of Agriculture .
Selected works
A. H , Jr. , F.C . Blanck , and F.C . Wooster . ( 1950 ) . Reviews of Nutritional Data . Pittsburgh : H.J . Heinz Company .
Blanck , F.C. , Ed . ( 1955 ) . Handbook of Food and Agriculture . New York : Reinhold Publishing Corp .
References
Goldblith , S.A. ( 1993 ) . Pioneers in Food Science , Volume 1 : Samuel Cate Prescott - M.I.T . Dean and Pioneer Food Technologist . Trumball , CT : Food & Nutrition Press . p. 102 .
Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry . ( 1955 ) . 3 ( 6 ) :473 .
List of past IFT award winners .
Reviews of Nutritional Data book information .
American food scientists
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
1881 births
1965 deaths
Ioannis Skoularikis ( ; 1 August 1928 – 15 September 2008 ) or Yannis Skoularikis ( Γιάννης Σκουλαρίκης ) was a Greek politician of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) and cabinet member under Andreas Papandreou .
They were a lawyer , specializing in criminal law and labor law .
They were Minister of Public Order from 21 October 1981 to 9 May 1985 , Alternate Minister of the Interior from 22 June 1988 to 17 March 1989 , when they were appointed Minister of Justice , holding the post until 2 June . They then served again as Minister of Labor from 8 July 1994 to 15 September 1995 .
As Minister of Public Order they were responsible for the creation of a new police force , the present-day Hellenic Police , which was created in 1984 by merging the old Gendarmerie and City Police , in order to create a more modern and democratic law enforcement agency . They also supported the creation of labor unions inside the Police , despite strong opposition from conservatives .
They died in September 2008 .
References
1928 births
2008 deaths
PASOK politicians
Justice ministers of Greece
Labour ministers of Greece
Greek MPs 1974–1977
Greek MPs 1977–1981
Greek MPs 1981–1985
Greek MPs 1985–1989
Greek MPs 1989 ( June–November )
Greek MPs 1989–1990
Greek MPs 1990–1993
Greek MPs 1993–1996
Greek MPs 1996–2000
Greek MPs 2000–2004
Ministers of Public Order of Greece
Members of the Panhellenic Liberation Movement
People from Elis
Ketenler is a village in the District of Bolu , Bolu Province , Turkey . As of 2010 it had a population of 44 people .
References
Villages in Bolu District
This is a list of current further education and higher education colleges in Northern Ireland most of which provide both levels of qualification .
Further education colleges offer courses for people over the age of 14 , involving school-level qualifications such as Higher Grade exams , as well as work-based learning and apprenticeships . Higher education colleges also offer undergraduate qualifications and post-graduate qualifications .
Northern Irish colleges are funded the Department for the Economy ( DfE ) .
Belfast Metropolitan College
College of Agriculture , Food & Rural Enterprise
Northern Regional College
North West Regional College
South Eastern Regional College
Southern Regional College
South West College
See also
Education in Northern Ireland
List of further education colleges in England
List of further education colleges in Wales
List of further education colleges in Scotland
External links
Department for Employment and Learning NI
Northern Ireland
Cartell is an Irish vehicle checking company which commenced trading in 2006 . It operates an online service to allow prospective vehicle purchasers to verify the history of a vehicle before purchasing . The checks available include details of finance problems , insurance write-offs , ownership history and whether a vehicle was formerly used as a taxi .
Services
Cartell operates an online check system for both private and trade buyers . A free check will show the manufacturer and model of the vehicle when a Vehicle Registration Number is entered . Paid checks allow further information to be obtained for varying fees . Information available includes :
Checks to identify vehicles written off by an insurance company using the Motor Insurance Anti-Fraud and Theft Register Ireland , an initiative begun by Cartell based on its experience with the UK equivalent
Checks with lenders to identify outstanding finance issues involving the vehicle
Mileage checks against the National Mileage Register , a database of Irish-registered vehicles established by Cartell
Verification of Vehicle Identification Number and registration papers
Number of previous owners and whether the previous registration was as a private or commercial vehicle
Vehicle details , including body shape , number of doors , engine number and engine capacity
The firm has an agreement with HPI UK , a similar company based in the United Kingdom , to allow finance , ownership and insurance checks to be carried out on vehicles imported into Ireland from the UK . It also has access to the UK National Mileage Register .
Since 2002 , the firm has been attempting to gain access to the Garda Síochána 's vehicle theft records , to allow them to check if a vehicle has been previously reported as stolen .
Publicity
Vehicle write offs
In 2008 , Cartell passed information to the Road Safety Authority about the issue of written-off cars from the UK being imported , repaired and registered for use in Ireland . The subsequent Irish Times article provoked an investigation by the Garda Siochána , Vehicle Registration Unit , Road Safety Authority and Revenue Commissioners . This resulted in a change to legislation requiring that from September 2010 all imported vehicles must be taken to a National Car Test Centre for inspection before being registered in Ireland .
In 2014 , Cartell called for Regulation of Written off vehicles in Ireland estimating there were over 200,000 write offs in the Irish fleet at any time . A subsequent article in the Irish Examiner reported that six deaths a year caused by written off cars
In January 2014 , opposition TD Timmy Dooley ( FF ) raised the issue in the Dáil . The then Minister for Transport Leo Varadkar ( FG ) responded by announcing they were set to introduce “ Death Certificates ” for vehicles written off as the result of collision damage and to appoint the Road Safety Authority to oversee a new process of independently verifying repaired vehicles before they are returned to the roads ( Parliamentary Debates , Wednesday , 15 January 2014 , Written Answer No . 963 ) .
In July 2016 , the company welcomed reports that Minister for Transport , Shane Ross ( Ind ) , brought new legislation to cabinet to compel insurers to notify their Department of Category A and Category B write-offs .
Vehicle clocking
In 2010 , the firm 's legal branch drafted a legislative proposal proposing outlawing the clocking of vehicle odometers , which was not illegal in Ireland at the time . The principal drafter of the Bill was barrister John P Byrne . It was presented to the Oireachtas by Cartell director Jeff Aherne and recommended by Tommy Broughan TD , who at the time was the Labour Party transport spokesperson , but did not progress into law .
Road Traffic ( Amendment ) Bill 2012
Following the failure of their suggested vehicle clocking legislation in 2010 Cartell continued to press the bill , and in December 2012 , it was presented again by Anthony Lawlor TD as the Road Traffic ( Amendment ) Bill 2012 . On 17 December , the bill passed the first stage in the approval process . Meanwhile , Lawlor continued to press the government on the issue and managed to bring it to the attention of transport minister Leo Varadkar . As a result , on 15 January 2014 , the content of Lawlor 's bill was inserted as an amendment in the Road Traffic ( No . 2 ) Bill 2013 , creating a new criminal offence of interfering with the odometer of a mechanically propelled vehicle . The maximum penalty for the offence is a Class C fine ( up to €2,500 ) or up to three months imprisonment . With this amendment in place Lawlor noted that Cartell had been responsible for bringing the issue to their attention , then withdrew their private member 's bill . The bill had its second reading on 21 January 2014 and on 25 February , was enacted as the Road Traffic Act 2014 . The new offence became law as Section 14 of the Act .
2013 Request for release of stolen vehicle information
On 17 July 2013 , Cartell again called on the Garda to release details of stolen cars . Ireland is currently the only nation in the European Union where the police do not make details of stolen cars available to car check agencies or directly to the public . In all other EU member states this information is uploaded to Interpol , which allows instant checks to be made on any suspect vehicle . Currently any search done on an Irish-registered vehicle will not reveal if the vehicle has been reported stolen . Around 10,000 cars are stolen every year in Ireland and about 2,000 of these are never recovered . Currently buyers of used cars have no way to check against theft records , and hundreds of buyers a year lose an average of from €10,000 to €20,000 after buying stolen cars which are then discovered and returned to their original owner . The Garda claim that they can not pass on the information because of data protection issues .
Sporting sponsorship
In 2010 , Cartell became official sponsor for the Rally of the Lakes , agreeing to sponsor the event until at least 2013 . In March 2014 , Cartell 's sponsorship of the event was extended for a further three years .
References
Service companies of Ireland
The Europlug is a flat , two-pole , round-pin domestic AC power plug , rated for voltages up to 250 V and currents up to 2.5 A . It is a compromise design intended to connect low-power Class II appliances safely to the many different forms of round-pin domestic power socket used across Europe . However , it is not compatible with the rectangular-pin BS 1363 sockets found in Cyprus , Gibraltar , Hong Kong , Ireland , Malta and the United Kingdom . Europlugs are non-rewirable and must be supplied attached to a power cord .
History
The Europlug design , intended for use with socket-outlets meeting other standards , appeared first in 1963 as Alternative II of Standard Sheet XVI in the second edition of CEE Publication 7 by the contributing members of Austria , Belgium , Czechoslovakia , Denmark , Federal Republic of Germany , Finland , France , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Sweden , Switzerland , United Kingdom , and Yugoslavia . The Europlug is therefore sometimes also referred to as the `` CEE 7/16 Alternative II plug '' or simply as the `` CEE 7/16 plug '' . It was also described in 1975 as plug C5 in IEC Technical Report 83 . In 1990 it was defined by Cenelec standard EN 50075 which has national equivalents in most European countries , as described in IEC 60083 which superseded IEC/TR 83 ( and no longer uses the C5 designation ) .
The Europlug is unusual as the standard specifies only a plug ; there is no socket-outlet designed specifically for use with it .
Design considerations
The dimensions of the Europlug were chosen for compatibility and safe use , such that with continental European domestic power sockets .
reliable contact is established when the plug is fully inserted ;
no live conductive parts are accessible while the plug is inserted into each type of socket ;
it is not possible to establish a connection between one pin and a live socket contact while the other pin is accessible .
Additionally , the design allows for a more compact and less bulky design of mobile phone chargers , than the BS 1363 form factor in the UK .
Europlugs are only designed for low-power ( less than 2.5 A ) Class II ( double-insulated ) devices that operate at normal room temperature and do not require a protective-earth connection .
Details
The pins of the Europlug are 19 mm long . They consist of a 9 mm long conductive tip of 4 mm diameter with a rounded ending , followed by a 10 mm long flexible insulated shaft of not more than 3.8 mm diameter . The two pins are not exactly parallel and converge slightly ; their centres are 17.5 mm apart at the tip and 18.6 mm apart at the base . The elasticity of the converging pins provides sufficient contact force for the Europlug 's current rating with a variety of socket-hole arrangements . The entire plug is 35.3 mm wide and 13.7 mm high , and must not exceed these dimensions within 18 mm behind its front plane ( this allows for the recesses on many European socket types ) . The left and right side of the plug are formed by surfaces that are at 45° relative to the horizontal plane .
Compatibility
Types C , E , F , and K
The Europlug is designed to be compatible with these sockets . They have 4.8 mm holes with centres spaced 19 mm apart . The minimum distance between the holes is thus 14.2 mm , while the minimum distance between the converged pins on the Europlug is 13.5 mm , allowing it to grip the socket despite its smaller pin width .
Type D
The Europlug is not compatible with type D sockets , used in e.g . India and South Africa . These sockets have 5.1 mm holes with centres spaced 19.1 mm apart , which means a Europlug can be inserted if the sockets do not have protective shutters . However , the socket design might not allow the plug to grip it .
Type G
The Europlug is physically not compatible with BS 1363 13 A sockets , used in e.g . the UK and Ireland . UK law requires a suitable fuse to be fitted in each plug to protect the appliance flexible cord ; Europlugs do not contain such fuses . BS 1363 sockets contain a child-safety shutter ; clause 13.7.2 of BS 1363-2 requires that Europlugs will not open the shutters . In some types of BS 1363 socket ( but not all ) the safety mechanism can be tampered with so that a Europlug may then be forced into the open and neutral ports . The UK Electrical Safety Council has drawn attention to the fire risk associated with forcing Europlugs into BS 1363 sockets . There is also a risk of damage to both the plug and socket .
UK Consumer Protection legislation requires that most domestic electrical goods sold must be provided with fitted plugs to BS 1363-1 . The exception is that shavers , electric toothbrushes and similar personal hygiene products may be supplied with a Europlug as an alternative to the BS 4573 plug ( see below ) .
Fused conversion plugs to BS 1363-5 are available for Europlugs , and equipment fitted with these may be legally sold in the UK .
BS 4573 ( UK shaver )
The Europlug is not designed to be compatible with BS 4573 sockets . These sockets have 5.1 mm holes with centres spaced 16.7 mm apart , meaning a reliable contact might not be possible .
Most 2-pin UK shaver sockets will accept either BS 4573 plugs or Europlugs , but are rated for a maximum of 0.2 A. UK Consumer Protection legislation allows for shavers , electric toothbrushes and similar personal hygiene products to be supplied with a Europlug as an alternative to the BS 4573 plug .
Type H
Originally these sockets had flat openings and were not compatible with the Europlug . In 1989 a new version was designed to be compatible with the Europlug . Newer sockets have 4.5 mm holes with centres spaced 19 mm apart . The minimum distance between the holes is thus 14.5 mm , while the minimum distance between the converged pins on the Europlug is 13.5 mm , allowing it to grip the socket despite its smaller pin width .
SN 441011 ( Switzerland ) , Type J
The Europlug is designed to be compatible with Type 11 & 12 ( outdated single-phase sockets , 10 A ) and Type 13 ( recessed single-phase socket , 10 A ; Type J ) and is consequently compatible with all by SN 441011 currently supported sockets . This includes Type 15 ( three-phase , 10 A ) , Type 21 & 23 ( single-phase , 16 A ) and Type 25 ( three-phase , 16 A ) . The diameter of the openings of the 10 A sockets is 4.5 mm and the openings of the 16 A sockets are 4.5 x 5.5 mm wide . The norm space between L ( one-phase ) or L1 ( three-phase ) and N is 19 mm .
Type L
The Europlug is designed to be compatible with 10A Type L sockets , commonly found in Italy . They have 4.0 mm holes with centres spaced 19 mm apart . It is also compatible with dual 10A/16A sockets , but it does not fit into the 16A only variant .
Type N
The 10 A variant of type N used in Brazil has 4.0 mm holes and also allows the Europlug to be used ; see Types J and L. The 20 A variant has 4.8 mm holes and also allows the Europlug to be used ; see Types E , F and K .
See also
AC power plugs and sockets
IEC 60906-1 – the international standard for 230 V plugs and sockets
Schuko – the system of CEE 7/3 sockets and CEE 7/4 plugs
CEE 7 standard AC plugs and sockets # CEE 7/7 plug ( compatible with E and F ) , a hybrid between the Schuko ( Type F ) and French ( Type E ) plug , the earthed version power plug used throughout most of Europe
References
External links
German Standard DIN VDE 0620-1 : Plugs and socket-outlets for household and similar purposes - Part 1 : General requirements .
EN standards
Mains power connectors
Uganda has a number of music producers , both new and experienced . Some prominent producers :
Benon Mugumbya , Swangz Avenue
Paddy Man , Dreams Studios
Producer Hannz
References
Lists of Ugandan people by occupation
Baeturia laureli is a species of cicada named after comedian Stan Laurel . A similar species , B. hardyi , was named after their partner Oliver Hardy .
See also
List of organisms named after famous people ( born 1800–1899 )
References
Laurel and Hardy
Insects described in 1996
Chlorocystini
Bird in a House is the second studio album by the bluegrass/jam band Railroad Earth , released in 2002 .
Track listing
`` Drag Him Down '' ( Sheaffer ) - 4:19
`` Bird in a House '' ( Sheaffer ) - 5:28
`` Like a Buddha '' ( Carbone , Sheaffer , Von Dollen ) - 7:05
`` Pack a Day '' ( Skehan ) - 3:09
`` Mountain Time '' ( Sheaffer ) - 7:02
`` Give That Boy a Hand '' ( Goessling , Sheaffer ) - 4:19
`` Peace on Earth '' ( Carbone , Von Dollen ) - 4:30
`` Walk on By '' ( Sheaffer ) - 5:57
`` Mighty River '' ( Sheaffer , Skehan ) - 5:28
`` Lois Ann '' ( Goessling , Sheaffer , Skehan ) - 3:47
`` Came Up Smilin ' '' ( Sheaffer ) - 5:53
`` Dandelion Wine '' ( Casal ) - 4:38
`` Saddle of the Sun '' ( Sheaffer ) - 4:39
Personnel
Tim Carbone - piano , violin , vocals
Buck Dilly - pedal steel
Andy Goessling - banjo , clarinet , dobro , flute , guitar , ukulele , penny whistle , vox organ , marxophone
Carey Harmon - percussion , cymbals , drums , vocals , drums ( snare )
Fred Kevorkian - mastering
Railroad Earth - arranger , producer
Todd Sheaffer - guitar , trumpet , vocals
John Siket - mixing
John Skehan - mandolin , piano , tuba
Don Sternecker - engineer , mixing
Dave Von Dollen - bass , trombone ( valve ) , vocals , kalimba
External links
Railroad Earth official website
2002 albums
Railroad Earth albums
Sugar Hill Records albums
Evanildo Cavalcante Bechara is a Brazilian scholar . They were born in Recife on February 26 , 1928 . They were orphaned at an early age , and moved to Rio de Janeiro in order to complete their education , staying at the home of a great uncle .
From an early age they showed a vocation for teaching , a vocation that led them to take the Neolatine Literature course at the Faculty of Instituto La-Fayette , today UERJ . They obtained their bachelor 's degree in 1948 and Licensed in 1949 .
At fifteen they met Professor Manuel Said Ali , a prolific scholar of the Portuguese language who was in their 80s . The experience persuaded Evanildo Bechara to dedicate themselves to linguistic studies . At seventeen , they write their first essay , entitled Fenômenos de Intonação , published in 1948 , with a preface by Minas Gerais philologist Lindolfo Gomes .
After completing their university education , they studied Romanesque Philology with Dámaso Alonso in Madrid , in 1961–1962 , under a scholarship offered by the Spanish Government . They obtained a Doctor of Letters at UEG ( now UERJ ) , in 1964 .
They were invited by Professor Antenor Nascentes to be their assistant at the Faculty of Philosophy , Sciences and Letters of UEG ( now UERJ ) in 1964 . They were professor of Roman Philology at the Institute of Letters at UERJ , from 1962 to 1992 . They were professor of Portuguese Language at UFF Institute of Letters , from 1976 to 1994 . They were full professor of Portuguese Language , Linguistics and Romance Philology at the Souza Marques Technical-Educational Foundation , from 1968 to 1988 . In 1971-72 they held the position of Visiting Titular Professor at the University of Cologne ( Germany ) and from 1987 to 1989 the same position at the University of Coimbra ( Portugal ) .
They became Professor Emeritus at the State University of Rio de Janeiro ( 1994 ) and at the Federal Fluminense University ( 1998 ) .
Among their university theses are the following titles : The Granting Thought Evolution in Portuguese ( 1954 ) , The Future in Romanesque ( 1962 ) , The Syntax Nominal in Peregrinatio ad Loca Sancta Aetheriae ( 1964 ) , The Contribution of M . Said Ali for Portuguese Philology ( 1964 ) , The Studies on The Lusíadas by José Maria Rodrigues ( 1980 ) , The Historical Phases of the Portuguese Language : Attempted Proposal for a New Periodization ( 1985 ) . They are the author of two dozen books , including the Modern Portuguese Grammar , widely used in schools and academic circles . They were director of the team of students of Literature at PUC-RJ who , in 1972 , raised the lexical corpus of the Portuguese Language Vocabulary , under the general direction of Antônio Houaiss .
They were Director of the Philosophy and Letters Institute at UERJ , from 1974 to 1980 and from 1984 to 1988 ; Secretary-General of the State Education Council of Rio de Janeiro , from 1965 to 1975 ; Director of the Education Institute of Rio de Janeiro , from 1976 to 1977 ; Member of the Rio de Janeiro State Education Council , from 1978 to 1984 ; Head of the Philology and Linguistics Department at the Institute of Philosophy and Letters at UERJ , from 1981 to 1984 ; Head of the Department of Letters of the Fundação Técnico-Educacional Souza Marques , from 1968 to 1988 .
Full member of the Brazilian Academy of Philology , of the Brazilian Society of Romanists , of the Language Circle of Rio de Janeiro . Member of Société de Linguistique Romane ( of which they were a member of the Scientifique Committee , for the 1996-1999 quadrennium ) and of the PEN Club do Brasil . Corresponding member of the Lisbon Science Academy and the International Academy of Portuguese Culture .
They were awarded the title of Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Coimbra ( 2000 ) . They were given the José de Anchieta and Honor of Educational Merit medals ( from the Rio de Janeiro Department of Education and Culture ) , and Oskar Nobiling medal ( from the Brazilian Society of Language and Literature ) .
They were invited by academic friends to apply to the Brazilian Academy of Letters , after the vacancy left by Afrânio Coutinho , based on the argument that the institution needed a philologist and expert in the Portuguese language . They were the fifth occupant of Chair 33 , to which they were elected on December 11 , 2000 , and they were received on May 25 , 2001 by Academician Sergio Corrêa da Costa . They were Treasury Director of the Institution ( 2002-2003 ) and Secretary-General ( 2004-2005 ) . They created the Antônio de Morais Silva Collection , to publish Portuguese language studies , and is a member of the Committee on Lexicology and Lexicography and the Selection Committee of the Rodolfo Garcia Library .
Among hundreds of articles , communications to national and international congresses , Bechara wrote books that have already become classics , due to their successive editions . They were the Director of Littera magazine ( 1971-1976 ) - 16 volumes published ; Confluência magazine ( 1990-2005 ) - 30 published volumes .
They were elected by a collegiate of educators in Rio de Janeiro , with the support of Folha Dirigida , one of the ten educational personalities of 2004 and 2005 . At the invitation of Nova Fronteira they are a member of the Editorial Board of the various volumes of the Caldas Aulete Dictionary .
In 2005 they were appointed a member of the State Reading Council of Rio de Janeiro and of the Commission for the Definition of Teaching , Learning , Research and Promotion of the Portuguese Language Policy , an initiative of the Ministry of Education .
In 2008 , as a tribute to their 80 years , a miscellany entitled `` Interlaces between texts '' was organized by Professor Doctor Ricardo Cavaliere . This tribute was edited and published by Nova Fronteira . Still in 2008 , Nova Fronteira also launched “ 80 years Homenagem : Evanildo Bechara ” , a work that addresses the trajectory of the teacher , grammarian and writer through the observation of colleagues , students , friends and admirers . It was organized by Dieli Vesaro Palma , Maria Mercedes Saraiva and others .
References
Brazilian philologists
Kevin William Clarke ( 25 June 1931 – 31 October 2009 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for West Perth in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) and Melbourne and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
References
External links
Kevin Clarke at Blueseum
Kevin Clarke 's playing statistics from WAFL Footy Facts
1931 births
2009 deaths
Melbourne Football Club players
Carlton Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
West Perth Football Club players
In descriptive set theory and related areas of mathematics , a hyperfinite equivalence relation on a standard Borel SpaceX is a Borel equivalence relation E with countable classes , that can , in a certain sense , be approximated by Borel equivalence relations that have finite classes .
Definitions
Definition 1 . Let X be a standard Borel space , that is ; it is a measurable space which arises by equipping a Polish SpaceX with its σ-algebra of Borel subsets ( and forgetting the topology ) . Let E be an equivalence relation on X . We will say that E is Borel if E is a Borel subset of the cartesian product of X with itself , when equipped with the product σ-algebra . We will say that E is finite ( respectively , countable ) if E has finite ( respectively , countable ) classes .
The above names might be misleading , since if X is an uncountable standard Borel space , the equivalence relation will be uncountable when considered as a set of ordered pairs from X .
Definition 2 . Let E be a countable Borel equivalence relation on a standard Borel SpaceX . We will say that E is hyperfinite if , where is an increasing sequence of finite Borel equivalence relations on X .
Intuitively , this means that there is a sequence finite equivalence relations on X , each finer then its predecessors , approximating E arbitrarily well .
Discussion
A major area of research in descriptive set theory is the classification of Borel equivalence relations , and in particular those which are countable . Among these , finite equivalence relations are considered to be the simplest ( for instance , they admit Borel transversals ) . Therefore , it is natural to ask whether certain equivalence relations , which are not necessarily finite , can be approximated by finite equivalence relations . This turns out to be a notion which is both rich enough to encapsulate many natural equivalence relations appearing in mathematics , yet restrictive enough to allow deep theorems to develop .
It is also worthwhile to note that any countable equivalence relation E can be written down as an increasing union of finite equivalence relations . This can be done , for instance , by taking a partition of every class into classes of size two , then joining two classes in the new equivalence relation which are within the same E-class to form a partition with classes of size four , and so forth . The key observation is that this process requires the axiom of choice in general , and therefore it is not clear that this process generates Borel approximations . Indeed , there are countable Borel equivalence relations that are not hyperfinite , and so in particular the process described above will fail to generate Borel equivalence relations approximating the larger equivalence relation .
Examples and non-examples
Any finite Borel equivalence relation is hyperfinite . Indeed , it is a finite approximation of itself .
A subequivalence relation of a hyperfinite equivalence relation is hyperfinite .
If E is a countable equivalence relation and is hyperfinite and of finite index ( meaning that every E-class contains finitely many E '' '-classes ) , then E is hyperfinite .
Any countable Borel equivalence relation that admits a Borel transversal is hyperfinite ; this can be shown by a simple application of the Feldman-Moore theorem .
Any Borel action of the integers on a standard Borel space generates a hyperfinite orbit equivalence relation ( recall that a Borel action of a countable group G on a standard Borel SpaceX is a Borel-measurable action , where G is equipped with the σ-algebra of all its subsets ) . Moreover , it turns out that any hyperfinite equivalence relation is equal to the orbit equivalence relation generated by some Borel action of the integers , making this an equivalent definition to hyperfiniteness that is often more accessible .
More generally , any Borel action of a countable abelian group on a standard Borel space induces a hyperfinite orbit equivalence relation .
Any Borel action of a finitely-generated group with polynomial growth on a standard Borel space induces a hyperfinite orbit equivalence relation .
The action of a finitely-generated hyperbolic group on its Gromov boundary is hyperfinite .
Any countable Borel equivalence relation can be restricted to a comeagre set on which it is hyperfinite . Explicitly , this means that one can remove a collection of equivalence classes which is meagre , and get that the equivalence relation is hyperfinite on the remaining space .
Any group which is not amenable admits a Borel action on a standard Borel space which induces an equivalence relation that is not hyperfinite .
The action of the free group on two generators on the space by the shift maps is not hyperfinite . This fact is often considered to be a variant of the Banach-Tarski paradox .
Open problems
The above examples seem to indicate that Borel actions of `` tame '' countable groups induce hyperfinite equivalence relations . Weiss conjectured that any Borel action of a countable amenable group on a standard Borel space induces a hyperfinite orbit equivalence relation . While this is still an open problem , some partial results are known .
Another open problem in the area is whether a countable increasing union of hyperfinite equivalence relations is hyperfinite .
Measure-theoretic results
Under the assumption that the underlying SpaceX is equipped with a Borel probability measure μ and that one is willing to remove sets of measure zero , the theory is much better understood . For instance , if the equivalence relation is generated by a Borel action of a countable amenable group , the resulting orbit equivalence relation is `` μ-hyperfinite '' , meaning that it is hyperfinite on a subset of the space of full measure ( it is worthwhile to note that the action need not be measure-preserving , or even quasi-measure preserving ) . Similarly , a countable increasing union of hyperfinite equivalence relations on such a space is μ '' -hyperfinite as well .
See also
Hyperfinite type II factor
References
Descriptive set theory
Equivalence ( mathematics )
Bariawas is a village in Rewari mandal of Rewari district in the Indian state of Haryana . It is near Chhuriawas village Rewari at about on the approach Rewari- Garhi Bolni Road .
History
In 1803 , subsequent to the culmination of Anglo-Maratha Wars into the Treaty of Surji-Anjangaon after the defeat of Maratha Empire , the British Raj firmly established their control over Delhi . They formed three cantonments at equidistance in Haryana , i.e Karnal , Hansi and Bharawas . All the three cantonments do not exist anymore . But their historical remains are still commemorating those days . Karnal cantt was shifted to Ambala in 1841-43 . Bharawas to Nasirabad-Ajmer in 1821 . And Hansi was granted to Col. James Skinner , and cavalry was merged into Skinners Horse .
Bharawas Cantonment :
In 1804-05 , British created a new district of Bharawas , and in 1805-06 , they established a cantonment at Bharawas about 7 km from Rewari . In 1818 , Bharawas district was disbanded and its headquarter was relocated to Gurugaon forming Gurugaon as a new district for the first time . In 1821 , Bharawas Cantonment too was abandoned , the civil quarters were relocated to Nasirabad in Ajmer and cavalry to Gurgaon which was named as the Hidayatpur Cantonment . Gurgaon was merely a village till 1818 . At Bharawas , there are now remains of two ruinous gun powder magazines and a cemetery with dilapidated smaller tombs , tomb stones and graves .
Karnal Caontonment :
It has been a walled town as far as its history can be traced . It is said that it had 10 gates . Some of these remain , i.e. , Karn Gate , Kalandari Gate , Arjun Gate , Subhash Gate , Jaataan Gate , Jundla Gate , Baanson Gate , Dyalpura Gate , and a citadel .
Karnal sprang into prominence in 1739 when Persian emperor Nadir Shah defeated and captured the Mughal ruler Muhammad Shah in the Battle of Karnal . Raja Gopal Singh of Jind seized Karnal in 1763 , and the Marathas established themselves at Karnal in 1785 . Skirmishes followed between the Marathas and the Sikhs and in 1795 , the Marathas finally wrested the city from Raja Bhag Singh of Jind and made it over to the British-Irish military commander George Thomas , who took part in the fight .
The British established a cantonment in Karnal ( then also known as Kurnaul , Karnaul , Kurnaul ) called Karnal Cantonment in 1805 AD but later abandoned it due to an outbreak of malaria & this very same Karnal Cantonment was shifted to Ambala and later it was known as Ambala Cantonment established in 1843 AD .
European Cemetery at this cantonment houses about 500 graves of European soldiers . An associated cemetery has British graves including that of Commander-in-Chief of British India who died here while on their way during the tumultuous events of Indian Rebellion of 1857 . The inscriptions on the graves date back to 1811 CE to 1840 CE . The cemetery is located within a gated enclosure , with a boundary wall . While the most of the graves are simple , raised on brick platforms , others have ornament monument around them . Large vegetation and plants are growing there , many graves are not visible because of tall grass and plants , there is no facility to enter the graves area which is in the dire need of conservation . Karnal was annexed by the Raja of Jind in 1763 AD and was taken from them by George Thomas in 1797 . The British established a cantonment in 1811 AD but abandoned it after 30 years due to the outbreak of malaria . It was captured by the British in 1805 AD and made over to Muhamdi Khan ( Mandal ) . On Karnal 's being formed into a British cantonment , the fort which had been built by Raja Gajpat Singh of Jind , was taken over by the British and converted into a residence for Dost Muhammad Khan Amir of Kabul . The fort was used as a jail , as quarters for native cavalry and as poor house . In 1862 , it was made over to the education department , when the district school was moved into it from the city .
Hansi cantonment :
About 1820 , Hansi was granted as Jageer to Col. James Skinner of indian origin , who held it till their death in 1841 .
Ambala Caontonment : This cantonment was established in 1843 . It is said that after the abandonment of Karnal cantonment in 1841 on account of the prevalence of malaria , the troops were marching to a place near Sirhind which had been selected as a possible site for the new cantonment . After salubrious halt of two days , it was decided to turn the scales in favour of a cantonment at Ambala . Not long after the cantonment was located here a Garrison church , one of the finest in the region was also constructed with a seating capacity of 1,000 persons . It now stands in ruins , the only remanent of the building being a bell tower . The lawns are spread over a vast area . The Sirhind club , founded in 1891 , is located on the Mall road and has a large membership . The Ambala Cantonmentwas established in 1843 after the British were forced to leave its Karnal Cantonment following the malaria epidemic of 1841–42 in as there were not any known effective means to control malaria epidemic in those days . The cantonment houses the ' 2 Corps ' , one of the three Strike Corps of the Indian Army . Ambala was given the status of a district in 1847 , formed by the merging of the jagir estates of hitherto independent chieftains whose territories had lapsed or had been confiscated by the British Indian Government . In its 160 years of existence as a district , Ambala has witnessed many changes in its boundaries . Previously it extended across tehsilsof Ambala , Saphera , Jagadhri , Pipli , Kharar , Mohali , Roparand Nalagarh . Kalka-cum-Kurari State , Pinjore , Mani Majra , Kasauli & Sanawarwere also merged into the district at different times . Ambala Air Force Baseis one of the oldest and largest airbases that were inherited from the British by the IAF . It was from this airbase that Spitfiresand Harvardsflown by Instructors of the Advanced Flying Training School took part in the1947-48 Kashmir Operations . Subsequently , Ambala was the front line airfield for many years . It was home to various aircraft that were inducted into the Indian Air Force . Vampires , Ouragans , Hunters , etc . all flew from this base . The airbase was briefly attacked in 1965 by B-57 bombersof the Pakistan Air Force . Today , the Airbase houses the ' 7 Wing ' with squadrons of Jaguarsand MiG-21Bisons . A unit of the French-made Dassault Rafalewill be based at Ambala air base . In November 1949 Mahatma Gandhi'sassassin , Nathuram Godsewas hanged at Ambala Central Jail along with Narayan Apte , a co-conspirator . Ambala Cantt is also mentioned in Kim ( novel ) by Rudyard Kipling .
`` Rani Ka Talab ''
Rani Ka Talab is one of the historic testimonies , of the town built by Raja Ranjit Singh of Chhachhrauli . The 400 year old pond is positioned within Ambala Cantonment . and is currently under the authority of Indian Army . Along with the pond , there is an ancient Shiv Mandir and Devi Mandir , managed by the Indian Army .
According to historians , the king of Chhachhrauli dug up two ponds , named one was called Raja Ka Talab and , whereas the other one was Rani Ka Talab . Raja Ka Talab was turned into a modern park , known today as a Patel Park. , which was called Company Bagh during British regime .
Construction of both the ponds was identical with both featuring Lord Shiva temple on it 's banks .
Other cantonment :
British also set up Kasauli , Shimla , Dagshai and Sabathuas hill stations for recuperation of troops . Kasauli in Solan district is a cantonment town in Himachal Pradesh , established by the British Raj in 1842 as a Colonial hill station , 94 km from Ambala Cantonment and the oldest Post Box set up by Britishers are still available here . DAGSHAI ( 38 km from Pinjore ) : A one time British cantonment this small town is surrounded by pine trees , has an old church . KASAULI ( 47 km from Pinjore ) : A charming hill station with lots of old world charms . SABATHU ( 55 km from Pinjore : Still a cantonment , it also has the remains of a Gorkha fort .
In the aftermath of Indian Rebellion of 1857 , a temporary garrison was also setup near Rewari after Rao Tula Ram and their cousin Gopal Dev forces were defeated . It now lies in ruins .
Demographics
As of 2011 India census , Bariawas had a population of 753 in 144 households . Males ( 387 ) constitute 51.39 % of the population and females ( 366 ) 48.6 % . Bariawas has an average literacy ( 506 ) rate of 67.19 % , less than the national average of 74 % : male literacy ( 306 ) is 60.47 % , and female literacy ( 200 ) is 39.52 % of total literates ( 506 ) . In Bariawas , 15.8 % of the population is under 6 years of age ( 119 ) .
Adjacent villages
Bhudla
Kathuwas
Salhawas
Sangwari
Ladhuwas
Majra Gurdas
Chhuriawas
Lalpur
See also
Bharawas
References
Villages in Rewari district
The Three Holy Hierarchs Chapel ( ) is a Romanian Orthodox chapel located at 46 Mihail Sadoveanu Alley in Iași , Romania . It is dedicated to the Three Holy Hierarchs .
A new building for the Vasile Lupu Normal School was erected in 1891 . This was some 5 km from the city center and its churches , and it was felt that prayer space should exist closer by . Thus , the chapel was built for the students between 1907 and 1911 , funded through the state institution Casa Bisericii . The architects also took care of the painting and decoration . The chapel 's dedication reflects the fact that the beginning of education in Moldavia was linked to Trei Ierarhi Monastery . The chapel was blessed by Pimen Georgescu , Metropolitan of Moldavia . It was used by the students until 1947 and the establishment of a communist regime . It was then closed down until 1990 when , in the aftermath of the Romanian Revolution , it reopened for services . Since 1995 , it serves as a chapel for students from the theological seminary that now occupies the normal school building . At the same time , it is open to normal school students .
The chapel is made of stone and brick , with the two materials alternating on the exterior . The western wall features three painted wooden portraits of the Holy Hierarchs above the entrance , and Saints Peter and Paul on the sides . The dedication plaque is of white marble , dating the construction to 1910 . The apses are three-sided on the exterior and semicircular in the interior . The vestibule has a space for the choir , and features portraits of King Carol I and Queen Elisabeth in their role of ktitors . The interior is entirely painted in fresco . The iconostasis is elaborately carved , while the roof is simple . There is no spire , only five large metal crosses on the roof . Repairs were carried out during the 1990s .
The chapel is listed as a historic monument by Romania 's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs .
Notes
Historic monuments in Iași County
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Churches completed in 1911
Chapels in Romania
Teri Kasam : ( तेरी कसम ) is a 1982 Indian Bollywood movie directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar and starring Kumar Gaurav , Poonam Dhillon , Girish Karnad , Ranjeeta and Nirupa Roy . It is a remake of the Tamil film Puguntha Veedu ( 1972 ) .
Plot
Dolly ( Poonam Dhillon ) has been brought up by their rich brother in the most lavish fashion . Tony ( Kumar Gaurav ) is from a poor family and studies in the same college as Dolly . They are in love with Dolly but is shy to admit it . Dolly however loves an unknown voice . When they learn that it is Tony 's voice , they decide to marry him . But Tony refuses to marry unless their sister Shanti is married . So Dolly 's brother marries Shanti . Dolly 's arrogance creates tension in the lives of everyone . They disrespect Tony 's mother and admits them to a general ward of a hospital . When Tony learns this , they are infuriated and leaves their wife and their job . They take to singing as profession and becomes a famous singer . What follows is a tale of realization on Dolly 's and Tony 's part . It is all about rich-poor relations as shown in earlier films . And then humiliation which in turn causes the rise of a hero , as a successful singer .
Cast
Kumar Gaurav as Tony
Poonam Dhillon as Dolly
Girish Karnad as Rakesh
Ranjeeta as Shanti
Nirupa Roy as Parvati
Paintal as Tony 's Friend
Rakesh Bedi as Tony 's Friend
Mushtaq Merchant as Tony 's Friend
Manmauji as Tony 's Friend
Birbal as Hotel Manager
Soundtrack
All songs of the movie were sung by Amit Kumar ( including a duet song with Lata Mangeshkar ) and became very popular .
Awards
30th Filmfare Awards :
Nominated
Best Supporting Actor – Girish Karnad
Best Supporting Actress – Ranjeeta Kaur
Best Male Playback Singer – Amit Kumar for `` Yeh Zameen Gaa Rahi Hai ''
References
External links
Cult of Kumar
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
1982 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Films scored by R. D. Burman
Films directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar
Shari Ann Addison ( born July 7 , 1962 ) , is an American gospel musician and artist . Shari is the first runner-up on Sunday Best They started their music career , in 2009 with the release of Shari Addison by Verity Records , Zomba Records , and BET Records . This album was their breakthrough on the Billboard magazine charts , which it placed on The Billboard 200 and Gospel Albums charts .
Early life
Addison was born in Chicago , Illinois on July 7 , 1962 .
Music career
They were on season one of Sunday Best that they finished runner-up to Crystal Aikin . Them music recording career started in 2009 , with the release of Shari Addison by Verity Records , Zomba Records , and BET Records on January 13 , 2009 . This album was their breakthrough release on the Billboard magazine charts , placing at No . 176 on The Billboard 200 along with No . 5 on the Gospel Albums . Both AllMusic and Cross Rhythms reviewed the album .
Personal life
Addison is married to Lewis Addison , and together they reside in Chicago , Illinois , and they have four daughters .
Discography
Studio albums
References
1962 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Chicago
Songwriters from Illinois
Christians from Illinois
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Mircea Georgescu ( born 8 July 1938 ) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a defender .
International career
Mircea Georgescu played three games at international level for Romania , including a 6–0 loss against Spain at the 1964 European Nations ' Cup qualifiers .
Honours
Steaua București
Cupa României : 1965–66 , runner-up 1963–64
References
External links
Mircea Georgescu at Labtof.ro
1938 births
Romanian footballers
Romania international footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Liga II players
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
FCV Farul Constanța players
FC Steaua București players
Living people
Ruthven Bluff ( ) is a large rock bluff 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) south of Sosa Bluff in the Schneider Hills portion of the Argentina Range , Pensacola Mountains . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1956–67 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Richard W. Ruthven , USGS surveyor who visited the bluff in the 1965–66 season .
References
Cliffs of Queen Elizabeth Land
Westerburg ( ) is a small town of roughly 6,000 inhabitants in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany . The town is named after the castle built on a hill above the mediaeval town centre ( Burg is German for “ castle ” )
Geography
Location
The town lies in easternmost Rhineland-Palatinate , 4 km from the boundary with Hesse . It is the seat of the Verbandsgemeinde of Westerburg – a kind of collective municipality – which administers the town and 24 surrounding municipalities .
Constituent communities
The former Ortsgemeinden – communities belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde – of Gershasen , Wengenroth and Sainscheid belong to the town of Westerburg .
History
The earliest witnesses to human beings settling in what is now Westerburg are some urns that point to cremations performed here about 700 BC .
The earliest documentary mention of the constituent community of Wengenroth is dated 9 November 879 from the time when Gebhard , Count of the Lahngau donated holdings here to the St. Severus Monastery in Gemünden .
The first time that Westerburg was named in a document came in 1209 when Siegfried III of Runkel acquired Westerburg by marrying a countess from the House of Leiningen and thereafter began calling themselves Siegfried von Runkel und von Westerburg . Two of their sons had bequests from him : Siegfried IV of Runkel , whose seat was in Westerburg , and Dietrich I of Runkel , whose seat was in Runkel . Family squabbles began about 1250 and under Siegfried 's grandsons led to a permanent rift between the houses of Westerburg and Runkel by 1288 . Dietrich 's son Siegfried V of Runkel drove their cousin Heinrich out of Runkel , whereupon Siegfried , who was Siegfried IV 's son , began calling themselves Heinrich I of Westerburg . There are express indications of settlement next to the castle for the first time in 1270 .
On 7 July 1292 , Westerburg was raised to town at the same time as Wetzlar by King Adolf of Nassau , who also granted both towns the same town rights . In 1303 , a jurymen 's court ( Schöffengericht ) was approved in the town . Later these jurymen , whose number soon became fixed at eight , took turns serving as the town 's mayor . No later than 1304 , there were individual fortification works . Later , the town was divided into the upper town ( Oberflecken ) within the ring of walls finished by 1400 and the unwalled lower town ( Unterflecken ) . There are known to have been 20 Burgmann houses in the upper town , but only from documents ; archaeology has yielded no confirmation . In 1514 , the first townsman 's house ( Bürgerhaus ) is mentioned , and in 1560 , a new building . In 1630 , a prison is avouched .
In 1448 and 1534 , great fires beset the town . After the unification of the County of Leiningen-Dagsburg with the Barony of Westerburg in 1467 , Reinhard IV of Westerburg , who as of 1481 began calling themselves Count Reinhard I at Leiningen-Westerburg , moved their seat to the County of Leiningen . Only as of 1557 was Westerburg once again a seat for sidelines of the once more sundering House of Leiningen or its family branch , Leiningen-Westerburg . Westerburg townsmen ( Bürger ) had at their disposal several privileges , in particular blood court jurisdiction ( Halsgerichtsbarkeit ) at their jurymen 's court . Moreover , taxation privileges and laying out economic estates about the town time and again put the townsmen at loggerheads with the lords of the day .
In 1806 , Westerburg passed to the Duchy of Berg . After 1815 , the town was assigned to the Duchy of Nassau . On 2 September 1814 , the lower town burnt down , and likewise the upper town on 13 October 1819 . As of 1866 , Prussia held sway . From 1866 to 1885 , Westerburg belonged to the Amt of Rennerod and thereby also to the newly formed district of Oberwesterwaldkreis , whose seat was in Bad Marienberg . District reform in 1885 brought Westerburg a broader administrative function once again as it became the seat of a like-named district , which was in force until 1932 . In that year , the Oberwesterwaldkreis was newly founded and Westerburg became its seat . In 1974 , however , the two districts of Oberwesterwaldkreis and Unterwesterwaldkreis were amalgamated , and since then , Westerburg has no longer been a district seat .
Ecclesiastically , Westerburg was assigned to the St. Severus Monastery at Gemünden . The Late Romanesque tower of what is now an Evangelical church might stem from the first church building next to the castle chapel . A further chapel stood in the lower town by 1350 . It is believed that shortly after 1560 , the Reformation was introduced into Westerburg . Jews are first mentioned in 1616 . In 1760 , the Jewish community comprised 75 persons with one rabbi , and by 1754 , there was a Jewish school . Public schooling is first known to have been instituted in 1557 . Later , the school was also run temporarily as a Latin school .
The oldest census , from 1540 , shows 124 assessable inhabitants . Eighty-six households are witnessed in 1607 , and 39 in 1656 . In 1760 , 1,144 inhabitants were counted , and in 1807 , 1,245 .
Most inhabitants of course worked at agriculture or market gardening in the Middle Ages and on into early modern times , but they were hardly townsman farmers ( Ackerbürger ) . Westerburg seems much more to have been a craft centre for the surrounding region in which even such rare crafts as arrowsmithing and crossbow making were settled . Also showing this are the many traders ' markets held in the town . Several guilds formed in this comparatively small town : in 1581 the bakers ' guild , which joined with the brewers ' guild in 1657 , in 1532 the woolweavers ' and clothmakers ' guild ( dissolved in 1710 ) , in 1574 the tanners ' and shoemakers ' guild , in 1611 the linen weavers ' guild , and by 1658 also the tailors ' and merchants ' . The woolweavers are known to have had their own hall , `` Westerburger Hall '' in Frankfurt am Main in 1605 . Furthermore , it has been established that there were several mills , a forest smithy , a limekiln ( mentioned in 1537 ) and a brickwork ( built in 1612 ) .
By 1518 there was also a sickhouse , and the town had an apothecary by 1697 .
Politics
Community council
The municipal council in Westerburg consists of 22 council members , as well as the honorary and presiding mayor ( Stadtbürgermeister ) , who were elected at the municipal elections on 25 May 2014 .
The distribution of seats in the council is as follows :
FWG = Freie Wähler Gruppe Stadt Westerburg e. V .
WuB = Wir unabhängigen Bürger Westerburger Land e. V .
Mayor
Since 2019 , Janick Pape ( CDU ) has been the town 's mayor .
Town partnerships
Westerburg has partnership arrangements with the following places :
Daventry , Northamptonshire , England , United Kingdom
Le Cateau-Cambrésis , Nord , France
Nowa Wieś Wielka , Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland
Złotoryja , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , Poland
Economy and infrastructure
The Westerburg countryside has at its disposal , by reason of its lying between the urban agglomerations of Rhine-Main and Cologne-Düsseldorf-Ruhr , great appeal ( according to a self-description at its website )
To ensure it , the municipality and the chamber of commerce ( Verein für Handel , Handwerk , Industrie und Gewerbe e.V . ) undertook in early 2005 to work on professional local marketing for Westerburg and the Westerburger Land ( the outlying countryside ) , in which all fields of economic and political endeavour in the town and the area took part .
Transport
Autobahnen A 3 ( Cologne–Frankfurt ) , A 45 ( Dortmund–Gießen ) and A 48 ( Montabaur–Trier ) each lie roughly 20 km away .
Westerburg station lies on the Oberwesterwaldbahn ( railway ) to Limburg and Au ( Sieg ) . From there , the cities of Cologne , Koblenz , Frankfurt am Main and Wiesbaden may be reached directly .
The opening of InterCityExpress service on the new Cologne-Frankfurt high-speed rail line with its Montabaur and Limburg stations with bring strengthened impetus to growth and development in the Westerburger Land .
Near Westerburg lies Ailertchen airport ( ICAO code : EDGA ) .
Education
Westerburg is a schooling centre with every kind of school . The following educational institutions are to be found here :
Konrad-Adenauer-Gymnasium
Geschwister-Scholl-Realschule
Rolf-Simon-Schaumburger-Hauptschule
Regenbogenschule ( “ Rainbow School ” , primary school )
Berufsbildende Schule Westerburg ( vocational training school ) with associated economic Gymnasium
Friedrich-Schweizer-Schule ( special school for students with learning disabilities )
Adolf-Reichwein-Studienseminar for teaching office at primary schools and Hauptschulen
Volkshochschule Westerburg ( folk high school )
Sport
Among sporting venues are the Westerwaldstadion and the Schulsportstadion ( stadiums ) , competitive track type B with grass playing field , plastic running track and further competition-ready facilities for athletics . In the runup to the 2006 FIFA World Cup , this was the training facility used by the Czech Republic national football team , who stayed in a sport hotel at the Wiesensee ( lake ) in the Verbandsgemeinde of Westerburg .
Furthermore , Westerburg has a heated swimming pool at its disposal with a sunbathing field . This is run by a private club and is open in the summer months , from about May to September .
Culture and sightseeing
Buildings
The castle , Schloss Westerburg , was first mentioned in 1192 , and together with the castle church from the 16th century it is the town 's landmark .
References
External links
Official website
Verbandsgemeinde of Westerburg
Towns in Rhineland-Palatinate
Westerwaldkreis
Hesse-Nassau
Wiki software ( also known as a wiki engine or a wiki application ) , is collaborative software that runs a wiki , which allows the users to create and collaboratively edit pages or entries via a web browser . A wiki system is usually a web application that runs on one or more web servers . The content , including previous revisions , is usually stored in either a file system or a database . Wikis are a type of web content management system , and the most commonly supported off-the-shelf software that web hosting facilities offer .
There are dozens of actively maintained wiki engines . They vary in the platforms they run on , the programming language they were developed in , whether they are open-source or proprietary , their support for natural language characters and conventions , and their assumptions about technical versus social control of editing .
History
The first generally recognized `` wiki '' application , WikiWikiWeb , was created by American computer programmer Ward Cunningham in 1994 and launched on c2.com in 1995 . `` WikiWikiWeb '' was also the name of the wiki that ran on the software , and in the first years of wikis ' existence there was no great distinction made between the contents of wikis and the software they ran on , possibly because almost every wiki ran on its own customized software .
Wiki software originated from older version control systems used for documentation and software in the 1980s . By the mid-1990s these generally had web browser interfaces . However , they lacked the ability to easily create links between internal pages without writing HTML code . For WikiWikiWeb , the CamelCase naming convention was used to indicate internal links , without requiring HTML code .
By the time MediaWiki appeared , this convention had been largely abandoned in favor of explicitly marking links in edited source code with double square brackets . Page names thus did not interrupt the flow of English and could follow standard English capitalization convention . Case-insensitivity on the first letter but not subsequent letters supported standard English capitalization conventions and let writers author their pages in ordinary English , with the linking of particular words and phrases afterward . This proved to be the critical change that allowed ordinary authors of English to write wiki pages , and non-technical users to read them . This policy was extended to other natural languages , avoiding the use of unusual-looking text or awkward capitalization that violates the language 's own rules .
Over the next 10 years , many more wiki applications were written , in a variety of programming languages . After 2005 , there began to be a move toward increasing consolidation and standardization : many less-popular wiki applications were gradually abandoned , and fewer new applications were created . Relatively few of the wiki engines currently in use were created after 2006 .
Some content management systems , such as Microsoft SharePoint , have also adopted wiki-like functionality .
Data compatibility
In general new wiki engines have not followed the data formats ( wiki markup languages ) of the existing engines , making them of limited use for those who have already invested in large knowledge bases in existing software . As a rule newer wiki projects have not succeeded in attracting large numbers of users from the existing wiki software base .
The most well-known data format arguably is MediaWiki 's , and correspondingly has been reimplemented in other wikis :
WordPress has extensions to display and edit MediaWiki-format pages , and to frame MediaWiki .
Jamwiki is a MediaWiki clone in Java , that supports MediaWiki-format pages but not extensions .
Other commercial projects or clones often ( or have in the past ) follow the MediaWiki format . BlueSpice MediaWiki is the only such software with a free version available .
None of these alternatives support the extensions available under standard MediaWiki , some of which extend or alter its data format .
In 2007 a project named ( Wiki ) Creole to create a standardized markup language for wikis was completed . As of 2022 , the effort has had significant technical success , gaining support through implementation in many engines , but limited social success as it is still relatively unused and unknown , having few cross-markup conversion tools for migrating existing knowledge bases to it and no major engines using it as their native markup syntax .
Types of usage
There are essentially three types of usage for wiki software : public-facing wikis with a potentially large community of readers and editors , private enterprise wikis for data management by corporations and other organizations , and personal wikis , meant to be used by a single person to manage notes , and usually run on a desktop . Some wiki software is specifically geared for one of the usage types , while other software can be used for all three , but contains functionality , either in its core or through plugins , that help with one or more of the usage types .
Public wikis
Public wikis are usually open to the public to read , edit and comment on some or all of the article space of each wiki . Many offer registration to offer further access and controls to each user and a few have , in-part commercialised aspects or further access , such as the popular wiki farm , Fandom .
MediaWiki is by far the most dominant software as it powers Wikipedia , consistently and by a large margin , the most visited public wiki , it also powers many other public wikis as well . Other wiki engines used regularly for public wikis include MoinMoin and PmWiki , along with many others .
Other Internet websites , based on wiki software , include encyclopedias such as Sensei 's Library , Parlia , and WikiTree .
Enterprise wikis
Enterprise wiki software is software intended to be used in a corporate ( or organizational ) context , especially to enhance internal knowledge sharing . It tends to have a greater emphasis on features like access control , integration with other software , and document management . Most proprietary wiki applications specifically market themselves as enterprise solutions , including Socialtext , Jive , Traction TeamPage , Notion , and Nuclino .
Increasingly offerings appear which use the name 'wiki ' but do not offer basic elements common to established wikis , like Wiki Markup and Link-first workflow as in Confluence ( since 2018 ) , or Version Control of Full Text Search Microsoft Teams .
In addition , some open source wiki applications also describe themselves as enterprise solutions , including XWiki , Foswiki , TWiki , and BlueSpice . Some open-source wiki applications , though they do not specifically bill themselves as enterprise solutions , have marketing materials geared for enterprise users , like Tiki Wiki CMS Groupware and MediaWiki . Many other wiki applications have also been used within enterprises .
Among the many companies and government organizations that use wikis internally are Adobe Systems , Amazon.com , Intel , Microsoft , and the United States intelligence community .
Within organizations , wikis may either add to or replace centrally managed content management systems . Their decentralized nature allows them , in principle , to disseminate needed information across an organization more rapidly and more cheaply than a centrally controlled knowledge repository . Wikis can also be used for document management , project management , customer relationship management , enterprise resource planning , and many other kinds of data management .
Features of wikis which can serve an enterprise include :
Entering information into quick and easy-to-create pages , including hyperlinks to other corporate information systems like people directories , CMS , applications , and thus to facilitate the buildup of useful knowledge bases .
Reduces e-mail overload . Wikis allow all relevant information to be shared by people working on a given project . Conversely , only the wiki users interested in a given project need to look at its associated wiki pages , in contrast to high-traffic mailing lists which may burden subscribers with many messages , regardless of their relevance . It is also very useful for the project manager to have all the communication stored in one place , which allows them to link the responsibility for every action taken to a particular team member .
Organizes information . Wikis help users structure information into discoverable and searchable categories . These may arise from users in a bottom-up way . Users can create lists , tables , timelines and other ways of expressing order .
Builds consensus . Wikis allow structuring the expression of views , on a topic being considered by authors , on the same page . This feature is very useful when writing documentation , preparing presentations , when author opinions differ , and so on .
Access levels by rights and roles . Users can be denied access to view and/or edit given pages , depending upon their department or role within the organization .
Knowledge management with comprehensive searches . This includes document management , project management , and knowledge repositories useful during times of employee turnover or retirement .
Personal wikis
Software that is specifically designed for running personal wikis includes Tomboy , PmWiki , and ConnectedText ( now discontinued ) . Other , more general , wiki applications have components geared for individual users , including MoinMoin ( which offers a `` DesktopEdition '' ) , and TiddlyWiki .
Editing
Most wiki software uses a special syntax , known as wiki markup , for users to format the text , instead of requiring them to enter in HTML . Some wiki applications also include a WYSIWYG editor , either instead of or in addition to the wiki markup editing .
Based on the atomic property of database systems , any edit should be traced . On wiki software , the chronology of edits ( e.g . published by Internet users ) in any given article may be locally saved with a common .xml file extension by people having administrator rights .
Hosted application
There are a variety of wiki hosting services , otherwise known as wiki farms , that host users ' wikis on a server . Some wiki software is only available in hosted form : PBworks , Wetpaint and Wikispaces are all examples of wiki hosting services that run on code that is only available on those sites . Other wiki software is available in both hosted and downloadable form , including Confluence , Socialtext , MediaWiki and XWiki .
Additional features
Content-management features
Wiki software can include features that come with traditional content management systems , such as calendars , to-do lists , blogs and discussion forums . All of these can either be stored via versioned wiki pages , or simply be a separate piece of functionality . Software that supports blogs with wiki-style editing and versioning is sometimes known as `` bliki '' software .
Tiki Wiki CMS Groupware is an example of wiki software that is designed to support such features at its core . Many of the enterprise wiki applications , such as TWiki , Confluence and SharePoint , also support such features , as do open-source applications like MediaWiki and XWiki , via plugins .
Scripting
Some wiki applications let users embed scripting-style calls into wiki pages , which are processed by the wiki 's parser and run either when the page is saved or when it is displayed . XWiki and MediaWiki are examples of such applications .
Specifically XWiki offers support for the following scripting languages : Groovy , Velocity , Ruby , Python , PHP or more generally any JSR223 scripting language .
Semantic annotation
Wiki software can let users store data via the wiki , in a way that can be exported via the Semantic Web , or queried internally within the wiki . A wiki that allows such annotation is known as a semantic wiki . The current best-known semantic wiki software is Semantic MediaWiki , a plugin to MediaWiki .
Mobile access
Some wiki software have special handling for accessing by mobile devices , such as mobile phones . This is usually done by displaying conservative HTML coding .
Offline viewing and editing
Various approaches to providing wiki functionality when the user is not online have been tried . For users who need to simply read the wiki 's content when offline , a copy of the content can often be made easily ; in the case of Wikipedia , CD-ROMs and printed versions have been made of parts of Wikipedia 's content .
Allowing offline editing , however ( where the changes are synchronized when the user is back online ) , is a much more difficult process . One approach to doing this is using a distributed revision control system as a backend of the wiki , in peer-to-peer style . With this approach , there is no central store of the wiki 's content ; instead , every user keeps a complete copy of the wiki locally , and the software handles merging and propagating of changes when they are made . This is the approach taken by the ikiwiki engine ( which can use the distributed revision control system Git as its back-end ) , and Code Co-op ( a distributed revision control system that includes a wiki component ) .
Distributing and decentralizing
Wiki software can be distributed . XWiki is able to function in this way . Smallest Federated Wiki promotes a federation of wiki servers ,
There has also been research done on allowing Wikipedia to be run as a decentralized wiki .
See also
Collaborative editing
Comparison of wiki software
Enterprise portal
Enterprise social software
List of collaborative software
List of wiki software
Notes
References
Andersen , Espen ( 2005 ) . Using Wikis in a Corporate Context . In Handbuch E-Learning . A. Hohenstein and K. Wilbers ( eds ) . Cologne , WoltersKluwer . 5.8 : 15 .
Guy , Marieke ( 2006 ) . Wiki or Wo n't He ? A Tale of Public Sector Wikis . Ariadne Issue 49 .
Grzeganek , K. ; Frost , I. ; Gross , D ( 2011 ) . Spoilt for Choice - Wiki Software for Knowledge Management in Organisations . Community of Knowledge .
Web portals
Information technology management
Wikis by genre
Rugby union at the 1900 Summer Olympics was played in Paris . Rugby union matches at the 1900 Summer Olympics were held on 14 October and 28 October . Forty-seven athletes competed , most from three nations and including a Haitian and a French-born American .
Summary
France , represented by Union des Sociétés Françaises , Germany , represented mainly by the FC 1880 Frankfurt , and Great Britain , represented by the Moseley Wanderers , all participated in the inaugural rugby event at the Olympics . Only two games were contested , France played both Germany and Great Britain , the French winning both matches .
This saw the gold go to France , and both Germany and Great Britain are credited with silver , with no bronze awarded . For medal purposes , the IOC regards the side from France as a `` Mixed Team '' , as Constantin Henriquez was from Haiti . Further , André Roosevelt , an American born in France , was also on the French team .
Results
Match 1
In the first half , France scored a try by Émile Sarrade and a conversion . Germany scored tries by Heinrich Reitz and August Schmierer , with two conversions as well as a drop goal . Under the custom scoring rules of the Olympic tournament ( 3 points for tries or penalties , 2 points for conversions , 4 points for drop goals ) , this gave Germany a lead of 14–5 .
The second half was vastly different , as Serrade scored two more tries while André Roosevelt also scored two and Frantz Reichel and A. Albert added one each . Two more conversions were made , bringing France 's score to a total of 27 . Germany , on the other hand , scored only one try , by one of the Ludwigs . France thus won the match 27–17 .
Match 2
The British team failed to score in the first half , while France continued the scoring barrage they had experienced in the second half of the Germany match . Sarrade scored two tries , bringing their tournament total to five . Joseph Olivier , Jean Collas , and Jean-Guy Gauthier each added a try . No conversions were scored , though André Rischmann 's two penalties brought France 's first-half total to 21 .
Britain actually outscored France in the second half , 8–6 , but had little chance of catching up . Joseph Wallis scored a try while J. Henry Birtles made a conversion and a penalty for Britain . Reichel scored their second try of the tournament , and Léon Binoche added a try to bring France 's victory to a 27–8 margin .
A Reuters report of the match noted that the British squad 's loss may have been in part to fatigue , as the players arrived in Paris only on the morning of the match . A crowd of 10,000 fans witnessed the match .
Medal table
Rosters
France ( Mixed Team )
Wladimir Aïtoff
A. Albert
Léon Binoche
Jean Collas
Jean-Guy Gauthier
Auguste Giroux
Charles Gondouin
Constantin Henriquez ( HAI )
Jean Hervé
Victor Larchandet
Hubert Lefèbvre
Joseph Olivier
Alexandre Pharamond
Frantz Reichel
André Rischmann
André Roosevelt ( USA )
Emile Sarrade
Germany
Albert Amrhein
Hugo Betting
Jacob Herrmann
Willy Hofmeister
Hermann Kreuzer
Arnold Landvoigt
Hans Latscha
Erich Ludwig
Richard Ludwig
Fritz Müller
Eduard Poppe
Heinrich Reitz
August Schmierer
Adolf Stockhausen
Georg Wenderoth
Great Britain
Frank Bayliss
Henry Birtles
James Cantion
Arthur Darby
Clement Deykin
L. Hood
M. L. Logan
Herbert Loveitt
Herbert Nicol
V. Smith
M. W. Talbot
Joseph Wallis
Claude Whittindale
Raymond Whittindale
Francis Wilson
Notes
References
International Olympic Committee medal winners database
De Wael , Herman . Herman 's Full Olympians : `` Rugby 1900 '' . Accessed 2 March 2006 . Available electronically at .
External links
Rugby at the Olympics
Rugby union
1900
Rugby union in Paris
International rugby union competitions hosted by France
1900 rugby union tournaments for national teams
1899–1900 in French rugby union
Men 's events at the 1900 Summer Olympics
The Keystone Cliffs ( ) are a set of cliffs , high , marking the east face of the sedimentary ridge between Mercury Glacier and Venus Glacier , on the east coast of Alexander Island , Antarctica . The coast in this vicinity was first seen from the air by Lincoln Ellsworth on November 23 , 1935 , and roughly mapped from photos obtained on that flight by W.L.G . Joerg . The cliffs were roughly surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition and resurveyed in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) . They were so named by the FIDS because the geologic structures revealed in these cliffs provided the key to the general tectonic structure of the area .
See also
Cannonball Cliffs
Corner Cliffs
Two-Step Cliffs
References
Cliffs of Alexander Island
George Duncan Chaplin ( 26 September 1888 – 14 May 1963 ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a full-back . They played professionally for various clubs in Scotland and England , and also made one senior international appearance for Scotland .
Career
Born in Dundee , Chaplin played for Dundee , Bradford City and Coventry City . For Bradford City , they made 88 appearances in the Football League ; they also made nine FA Cup appearances . They missed two seasons through tuberculosis , but made a full recovery to spend a decade with Bradford . Their career was brought to an end in 1923 ( although they were already 34 by that stage ) when they were implicated in a match fixing scandal from three years earlier when it was found Bury had accepted payments from Coventry to prevent the latter 's relegation , and Chaplin was banned for life along with several others .
Their single international appearance came for Scotland against Wales on 7 March 1908 , when Chaplin was only 19 years old . Their performance was criticised in a match report which claimed : `` Chaplin fell short of requirements at left back . ''
Personal life
Their brothers were fellow professional players Jack Chaplin and Alex Chaplin .
See also
List of Scottish football families
Match fixing in English football
References
1888 births
Footballers from Dundee
1963 deaths
Scottish footballers
Dundee F.C . players
Bradford City A.F.C . players
Coventry City F.C . players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Scotland international footballers
Place of death missing
Fanfare for the Warriors is a 1973 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago first released on the Atlantic label . It features performances by Lester Bowie , Joseph Jarman , Roscoe Mitchell , Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye along with AACM leader Muhal Richard Abrams .
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states `` The Art Ensemble of Chicago 's first ( and arguably most significant ) period concluded with this high-quality studio session ... all of the selections have their own musical personality . It 's a fine showcase for this important avant-garde unit '' .
Track listing
`` Illistrum '' ( Malachi Favors ) - 8:17
`` Barnyard Scuffel Shuffel '' ( Lester Bowie ) - 5:12
`` Nonaah '' ( Roscoe Mitchell ) - 5:44
`` Fanfare for the Warriors '' ( Jospeph Jarman ) - 7:58
`` What 's to Say '' ( Jarman ) - 4:02
`` Tnoona '' ( Mitchell ) - 6:25
`` The Key '' ( Mitchell ) - 1:15
Personnel
Lester Bowie : trumpet , percussion instruments
Malachi Favors Maghostut : bass , percussion instruments , vocals
Joseph Jarman : saxophones , clarinets , percussion instruments
Roscoe Mitchell : saxophones , clarinets , flute , percussion instruments
Don Moye : drums , percussion
Muhal Richard Abrams : piano
References
1973 albums
Atlantic Records albums
Art Ensemble of Chicago albums
Esil District ( , ) is a district of North Kazakhstan Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Yavlenka . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
North Kazakhstan Region
Dacgleia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Olethreutinae of the family Tortricidae . It contains only one species , Dacgleia cerata , which is found in Vietnam. < ref > , 2009 , Tortricidae from Vietnam in the collection of the Berlin Museum.6.Olethreutinae ( Lepidoptera : Tortricidae ) Shilap revista de Lepidopterologia 37 ( 145 ) : 115-143. < /ref >
The wingspan is 17 mm . The ground colour of the forewings is yellow-brown in the costal third and pale brownish grey in the dorsal area . There are some black dots forming two incomplete transverse rows in the posterior third of the wing and a few scattered in the median area of the wing . The hindwings are cream brown .
Etymology
The name of the genus refers to Dac Glei , the type locality of the type species . The specific name refers to the shape of uncus and socii and is derived from Latin ceratus '' ( meaning with horns ) .
See also
List of Tortricidae genera
References
Enarmoniini
Monotypic moth genera
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Wandepanga Ismahila Ouédraogo ( born 5 November 1999 ) is a Burkinabé professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for PAOK B and the Burkina Faso national team .
International career
Ouédraogo debuted for the Burkina Faso national team in a 1–0 2020 African Nations Championship qualification win over Ghana on 22 September 2019 .
References
External links
NFT Profile
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ouagadougou
Burkinabé footballers
Burkina Faso international footballers
Burkinabé Premier League players
Association football midfielders
21st-century Burkinabé people
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
KOZAF players
Burkina Faso A ' international footballers
2020 African Nations Championship players
PAOK FC players
Volos N.F.C . players
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Burkinabé expatriate footballers
AS Douanes ( Burkina Faso ) players
Jean Morrison may refer to :
Jean Morrison ( musician )
Jean Morrison ( professor )
Cape Kemp ( ) is a cape forming the southwest tip of Doumer Island , in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica . It was first charted by the French Antarctic Expedition , 1903–05 , under Jean-Baptiste Charcot . Various islands of the Palmer Archipelago were charted in 1927 by Discovery Investigations personnel on the Discovery , and this cape was subsequently named for Dr. Stanley W. Kemp , a British marine biologist and oceanographer , who was scientific leader on the Discovery .
References
Headlands of the Palmer Archipelago
Doumer Island
In organic chemistry , hexene is a hydrocarbon with the chemical formula . The prefix `` hex '' is derived from the fact that there are 6 carbon atoms in the molecule , while the `` -ene '' suffix denotes that there is an alkene present—two carbon atoms are connected via a double bond . There are several isomers of hexene , depending on the position and geometry of the double bond in the chain . One of the most common industrially useful isomers is 1-hexene , an alpha-olefin . Hexene is used as a comonomer in the production of polyethylene .
Isomers
The following is a partial list of hexenes .
There are a total of 13 different alkene isomers of hexene , excluding additional geometric ( E/Z ) and optical ( R/S ) isomers :
hex-1-ene
hex-2-ene ( E/Z )
hex-3-ene ( E/Z )
2-methylpent-1-ene
3-methylpent-1-ene ( R/S )
4-methylpent-1-ene
2-methylpent-2-ene
3-methylpent-2-ene ( E/Z )
4-methylpent-2-ene ( E/Z )
2,3-dimethylbut-1-ene
3,3-dimethylbut-1-ene
2-ethylbut-1-ene
2,3-dimethylbut-2-ene
See also
cyclohexene
neohexene
References
Alkenes
The Hong Kong T20 Blitz was a cricket competition in Hong Kong that was first played in 2016 . The inaugural event consisted of four franchised teams playing in a Twenty20 format only . Kowloon Cantons and Woodworm Island Warriors were joint winners of the inaugural DTC Hong Kong T20 Blitz after rain washed out finals day .
In July 2019 , the competition was cancelled , due to ongoing financial issues .
History
The Cricket Hong Kong ( CHK ) announced their plans for the event in April 2016 , stating they would invest in a Twenty20 cricket league for the development cricket in Hong Kong as well as in nearby countries . The competition would launch with four teams playing in a Twenty20 format . Cricket Hong Kong announced that DTC Mobiles will sponsor the tournament .
Before the second season , Leonine Sports Group acquired the Woodworm Island Warriors , changing the name to Hong Kong Island ( HKI ) United . A new fifth franchise was also added and named City KaiTak .
Teams
Cricket Hong Kong announced the four hosts for the Hong Kong T20 Blitz League in April 2016 , with hosting rights awarded for the first years of the competition . Team names , along with the fixtures and venues for the 2016 season , were announced in April 2016 . The allocation of domestic players was decided by a draft held on April 28 , 2016 . All four franchises also subsequently signed a number of international players . Tanwir Afzal , captain of the Hong Kong national cricket team , was selected as the first pick in the inaugural draft for tournament by Woodworm Island Warriors . Since 2017 a fifth team has been added & five Chinese players were taken up by the five franchises in their squad , although as of 2018 they are yet to be given any significant role or opportunity in the playing XI .
Tournament results
Format
The 2016 event took place on 29 and 30 May . The four teams played each other once in a round-robin format , followed by a finals day . All the matches were played at Mission Road Ground , Mong Kok .
The 2017 event took place from 8 to 12 March . The five teams played each other once in a round-robin format , followed by a finals day . All the matches were played at the Mission Road Ground , Mong Kok .
Media coverage
Coverage of Hong Kong T20 Blitz 2016 was broadcast live on Hong Kong Cricket Association 's YouTube channel . Dean Jones , Jack Richards and Fox Sports ' Katherine Loughnan were hosts and also part of the commentary team .
International broadcasters
References
External links
Cricinfo Home
Hong Kong domestic cricket competitions
2016 establishments in Hong Kong
Twenty20 cricket leagues
Sports competitions in Hong Kong
Sports leagues in Hong Kong
Sport leagues established in 2016
Recurring sporting events established in 2016
Cricket in Hong Kong
The Lufthansa heist was a robbery at New York City 's John F. Kennedy International Airport on December 11 , 1978 . An estimated $ 5.875 million ( equivalent to $ million in ) was stolen , with $ 5 million in cash and $ 875,000 in jewelry , making it the largest cash robbery committed on American soil at the time . Jimmy Burke , a Lucchese crime family associate , was reputed to be the mastermind of the robbery , but they were never officially charged in connection with the crime . Burke is also alleged to have either committed or ordered the murders of many of those involved in the months following the robbery to avoid being implicated in the heist . The only person convicted in the robbery was Louis Werner , an airport worker who helped plan the heist .
The money and jewelry were never recovered . The heist 's magnitude made it one of the longest-investigated crimes in the United States ; the latest arrest associated with the robbery was made in 2014 , which resulted in acquittal .
Planning
The heist was allegedly planned by Jimmy Burke , an associate of the Lucchese crime family , and carried out by several associates . The plot began when bookmaker Martin Krugman told Henry Hill ( an associate of Burke 's ) that Lufthansa flew in currency to its cargo terminal at John F. Kennedy International Airport . The information had originally come from Louis Werner , a worker at the airport who owed Krugman $ 20,000 for gambling debts ( ) , and from their co-worker Peter Gruenwald . Werner and Gruenwald had previously been successful in stealing $ 22,000 in foreign currency ( ) from their employer Lufthansa in 1976 .
Burke decided on Tommy DeSimone , Angelo Sepe , Louis Cafora , Joe Manri , Paolo LiCastri , and Robert McMahon as the robbers . Burke 's son Frank would drive one of the back up vehicles and Parnell `` Stacks '' Edwards ' job was to dispose of the van afterwards . Depending on their role in the robbery , each participant was to receive $ 10,000 to $ 50,000 . However , those amounts were based on the estimated haul , which was only $ 2 million compared to the actual take of $ 5.875 million . Werner was to receive a flat 10 % of the take .
Heist
On December 11 , 1978 , around 3:00 a.m. , the six men in a black Ford Econoline pulled up to the Lufthansa cargo building 261 . The padlock on the gate was cut with a pair of bolt cutters . Some of the crew climbed up the stairs of the east tower and entered wearing ski masks and gloves . A late model Buick was positioned in the terminal parking lot with its lights off .
Inside the terminal , John Murray , a senior cargo agent , was the first employee to be taken hostage . They were walked into the lunchroom where five other Lufthansa employees were on their meal break since 3:00 a.m. and ordered to lie flat on the floor with their eyes closed . Murray was asked who else was in the warehouse . They said that Rudi Eirich , the night shift cargo traffic manager , and Kerry Whalen , a cargo transfer agent , were there . Murray was forced to lure Eirich to come upstairs ; they joined the rest of the captured employees .
Outside the terminal , Whalen noticed two unmasked men sitting in a black van parked at the Lufthansa cargo building 261 ramps as they drove past . Whalen parked and walked toward the van . One of the men told them to get in the van . Whalen screamed for help as they ran , but was pistol-whipped and thrown into the van . They were brought to join the other hostages in the lunchroom .
Inside the warehouse , employee Rolf Rebmann heard a noise by the loading ramp and went to investigate ; they were captured and brought with Whalen to the lunchroom to join the others . Some of the robbers took Eirich at gunpoint to the double-door vault . They removed 72 15-pound cartons of untraceable money from the vault and placed them in the van .
At 4:21 a.m. , the van pulled to the front of the building and the crash car pulled in behind . Two gunmen climbed in the van as the others got into the Buick . The employees were told not to call the Port Authority Police until 4:30 a.m. , when the first call to the police was recorded .
The robbers drove to meet Burke at an auto repair shop in Canarsie , Brooklyn . The boxes of money were removed from the van and placed in the trunks of the two automobiles . Burke and their son drove off in one car . Four others — Manri , McMahon , DeSimone , and Sepe — drove away in the second car .
Aftermath
Investigation
Parnell `` Stacks '' Edwards had failed to get rid of the van that had been used in the heist . Edwards was supposed to have driven the vehicle to New Jersey , where it ( along with any potential evidence inside ) was to be destroyed in a junkyard belonging to John Gotti . Instead , Edwards parked the van in front of a fire hydrant at their girlfriend 's apartment , where police discovered it two days after the heist . Paul Vario subsequently ordered DeSimone to kill Edwards . Once they found out where Edwards was hiding , DeSimone and Angelo Sepe visited Edwards and shot them five times in the head . From the van , fingerprints were lifted of several perpetrators of the robbery .
The FBI identified the Burke crew as the likely perpetrators within three days of the robbery , largely due to the discovery of the van , coupled with Edwards ' pre-established connections with the Burke gang at Robert 's Lounge . They set up heavy surveillance , following the gang in helicopters and bugging their vehicles , the phones at Robert 's Lounge , and even the payphones nearest to the bar . The FBI managed to record a few bits of tantalizing chatter despite the background sounds of rock and disco music , such as Angelo Sepe telling an unidentified man about `` a brown case and a bag from Lufthansa '' and theirs telling their girlfriend Hope Barron , `` ... I want to see ... look where the money 's at ... dig a hole in the cellar [ inaudible ] rear lawn ... '' But this was not enough to definitively connect Burke 's crew to the heist , and no search warrants were issued .
According to Henry Hill , Jimmy Burke became paranoid and agitated once they realized how much attention Edwards ' failure had drawn , and resolved to kill anyone who could implicate them in the heist , starting with Edwards himself . With the murders of most of the heist associates and planners , little evidence and few witnesses remained connecting Burke or their crew to the heist . However , the authorities were eventually able to gather enough evidence to prosecute inside man Louis Werner for helping to plan the heist . Werner was the only man convicted of the robbery , in 1979 , and was sentenced to 15 years in prison . Lucchese crime family associate Donald Frankos later expressed frustration with being a close friend of Burke 's and regular habitué at Robert 's Lounge but not involved in the actual heist , in their biography Contract Killer : The Explosive Story of the Mafia 's Most Notorious Hit Man Donald `` The Greek '' Frankos .
Later , when Whalen was interrogated by the authorities , they were shown police archive photos and positively identified one of their assailants as Angelo Sepe . Eirich later reported that the robbers were well informed and knew all about the safety systems in the vault , including the double-door system , whereby one door must be shut in order for the other one to be opened without activating the alarm . The robbers ordered Eirich to open up the first door to a 10-by-20-foot room . They knew that if they opened the second door , they would activate an alarm to the Port Authority Police unit at the airport .
Vincent Asaro , a high-ranking member of the Bonanno crime family , was arrested on January 23 , 2014 , in conjunction with an indictment charging them with involvement in the Lufthansa heist ; their cousin , Gaspare Valenti , was testifying against him . The case against Asaro was based on an informant who was referred to by Asaro 's attorney as `` one of the worst witnesses I 've ever seen . '' Daniel Simone , who co-authored the book The Lufthansa Heist , in collaboration with Henry Hill , reported to the New York Post 's Page Six that Hill told them that Asaro had `` no involvement '' in the robbery . On November 12 , 2015 , Asaro was acquitted of all charges connected to the Lufthansa robbery by a jury in Federal District Court in Brooklyn .
The stolen cash and jewelry were never recovered .
Murders of heist associates
Burke also realized that Edwards ' failure to dispose of the van had allowed the police to catch on to their crew , and Burke resolved to kill anyone who could implicate them in the heist . The first to be murdered , just seven days after the heist , was Edwards—shot and killed in their apartment on December 18 , 1978 , by Tommy DeSimone and Angelo Sepe . This was the first in a series of criminals and their acquaintances who were murdered after the heist at Burke 's orders :
Others involved in the planning , execution , or followup of the heist who were killed , but not on Burke 's orders in 1979 .
Informants
Janet Barbieri , Louis Werner 's girlfriend and future wife , who testified against Werner before a Grand Jury .
William `` Bill '' Fischetti , a taxi dispatch company owner and a mob relative who was involved in selling stolen bearer bonds .
Peter Gruenwald , a Lufthansa heist organizer , who testified against their friend and fellow co-worker Louis Werner .
Frank Menna , a numbers-runner who had been worked over by Angelo Sepe and Daniel Rizzo because of their boss Martin Krugman 's incompetence .
Louis Werner , a Manhattan accountant who doubled as a money launderer .
In April 1980 , Henry Hill was arrested on unrelated narcotics charges . They became convinced that their former associates planned to have them killed : Vario , for dealing drugs ; and Burke , to prevent Hill from implicating them in the heist . With a long sentence hanging over him , Hill agreed to become an informant and entered the Witness Protection Program with their family . They were not able to help the government obtain convictions against Vario or Burke for the Lufthansa heist , although both were convicted of other crimes as a result of their testimony .
Adaptations
It is the main subject of two well-known television films – The 10 Million Dollar Getaway ( 1991 ) and The Big Heist ( 2001 ) – and is a key plot element in the film Goodfellas ( 1990 ) .
See also
List of large value US robberies
References
Further reading
Aviation in New York City
History of New York City
John F. Kennedy International Airport
Lucchese crime family heist
1978 crimes in the United States
1978 in New York City
1978 in aviation
Robberies in the United States
Crimes in Queens , New York
December 1978 events in the United States
December 1978 crimes
1970s in Queens
Wuyi New Area was established on June 26 , 2012 in Nanping , Fujian .
Administration
Wuyishan
part of Jianyang District : Tancheng Subdistrict , Tongyou Subdistrict , Jiangkou Town , Jukou Town , Huangkeng Town and Chongluo Township .
See also
Tianfu New Area
Fuzhou New Area
Populated places in Fujian
Nanping
New areas ( China )
The Venice–Udine railway is an Italian railway line connecting Venice , in Veneto , with Udine , in Friuli Venezia Giulia . It follows the same route as state highway 13 ( SS 13 , `` Pontebbana '' ) .
The railway infrastructure is managed by the Rete Ferroviaria Italiana , which classifies it as one of its primary lines .
It has a maximum line speed of .
History
The section between Mestre and Udine was opened between 1851 and 1860 .
The electrification of the Mestre–Udine section at 3000 volts DC was officially inaugurated in October 1960 .
Standards
The line is a double-track line entirely electrified at 3000 volts DC . The major cities crossed , in addition to the two termini , are Treviso and Pordenone .
The line is signalled with the Sistema di Comando e Controllo ( SCC ) , a form of centralized traffic control . Traffic is regulated by an operations centre manager at .
Rail traffic
Services are mainly operated by Trenitalia and consist of regional services , long-distance connections from Udine to Milan and Rome and from Venice to Vienna and Munich . In summary , the trains that operate on this line are :
regional
regional express
Intercity
Eurocity
Frecciarossa
Italo AV ( since October 2019 )
The main stations that have an interchange function with other lines are , , , , and .
References
Notes
Footnotes
Sources
Railway lines in Veneto
Railway lines in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
1851 establishments in Italy
Railway lines opened in 1851
The North American Street Newspaper Association ( NASNA ) was an organization of street newspapers that provided employment opportunities , community and a voice to homeless and other economically vulnerable people who existed between 2007 and 2013. it had 28 members in the United States and Canada with a total monthly circulation of about 255,000 copies . NASNA held an annual conference and run the Street News Service ( SNS ) together with AlterNet to share articles .
History
The seed to start NASNA was planted in August 1996 at the first North American Street Newspaper Summit in Chicago , sponsored by papers StreetWise and Real Change as well as the National Coalition for the Homeless . It was formally founded in September 1997 when 37 street newspapers met at the second conference in Seattle . In 2006 NASNA had 47 member newspapers . In early 2009 , the North American Street Newspaper Association hired an Executive Director for the first time . In December 2013 the association was dissolved as a volunteer structure was viewed as preferable to the existing corporate structure .
See also
International Network of Street Papers
References
External links
North American Street Newspaper Association
Newspaper associations
Street newspaper organizations
The black-billed mountain toucan ( Andigena nigrirostris ) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae . It is found in humid highland forests in the Andes of western Venezuela , Colombia , Ecuador and far northern Peru . It is the only mountain-toucan with a white throat . Despite its name , only the nominate subspecies has an entirely black bill , while both A. n. occidentalis and A. n. spilorhyncha have bills that are coloured chestnut and black .
Taxonomy and systematics
This species was originally described in the genus Pteroglossus .
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized :
A. n. occidentalis - Chapman , 1915 : Found in western Colombia
A. n. spilorhynchus - Gould , 1858 : Originally described as a separate species . Found in southern Colombia , north-eastern Ecuador and northern Peru
A. n. nigrirostris - ( Waterhouse , 1839 ) : Found in eastern Colombia , western Venezuela and eastern Ecuador
Literature
John Gould and Henry Constantine Richter : A Monograph of the Ramphastidae , or Family of Toucans , London 1854
Newly printed with an Introduction by Jonathan Elphick , Taschen , Köln , Germany 2011
References
black-billed mountain toucan
Birds of the Venezuelan Andes
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
black-billed mountain toucan
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Paul Augustus King ( September 28 , 1896 – October 17 , 1957 ) was an American football end and halfback who played one season in the National Football League ( NFL ) for the Toledo Maroons . They played college football for Texas and Centre .
King was born on September 28 , 1896 , in Reno , Texas . They attended Fleming County High School in Kentucky , before moving back to join University of Texas . They played on their redshirt team during 1917 , but left the school afterwards . They joined Centre University in 1920 , earning a varsity letter .
In , after being out of football the prior year , King was signed by the Toledo Maroons of the National Football League ( NFL ) . They appeared in three total games with them , being a starter in two . They played the end position as well as halfback , and wore number 24 . The Maroons ended the season with a 5–2–2 record , placing fourth in the league . They were not on their roster in the following year , finishing their career with three games played .
King died on October 17 , 1957 , in Humboldt , Tennessee . They were 61 at the time of their death .
References
1896 births
1957 deaths
Players of American football from Texas
American football ends
American football running backs
Texas Longhorns football players
Centre Colonels football players
Toledo Maroons players
Mount Todd is a peak rising to 3,600 m at the north extremity of Probuda Ridge in north-central Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica . It surmounts Embree Glacier to the west , Patleyna Glacier to the northeast and Ellen Glacier to the south-southeast .
The peak was named in 1984 by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) after Edward P. Todd , a physicist for the National Science Foundation from 1963 to 1984 , and the director of the Division of Polar Programs of the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) from 1977 to 1984 . Todd also had responsibility for the development of the U.S. Antarctic Research Program .
Location
Todd Peak is located at , which is 3 km north by east of Mount Press and 8.65 east-northeast of Mount Hale . It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photography from 1957 to 1960 . The mapping was updated in 1988 .
Maps
Vinson Massif . Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps . Reston , Virginia : US Geological Survey , 1988 .
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) . Since 1993 , regularly updated .
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Dog Boy ( 2009 ) is a novel by Australian author Eva Sallis , writing under the pseudonym Eva Hornung . It won the 2010 Prime Minister 's Literary Award for Fiction . It was inspired by the story of feral child Ivan Mishukov .
Plot summary
Romochka is a feral child , raised by dogs and found on the streets of Moscow in the summer of 1998 . They appear to be six years old and has been with the pack for two years . This novel examines their life on the streets and the changes they undergo as they transform from `` dog '' to `` boy '' .
Notes
Dedication : For Philip Waldron
Reviews
The Guardian
The Telegraph
Awards and nominations
2009 shortlisted Victorian Premier 's Literary Awards — The Vance Palmer Prize for Fiction
2010 shortlisted Australian Literature Society Awards — ALS Gold Medal
2010 shortlisted Australian Book Industry Awards ( ABIA ) — Australian Literary Fiction Book of the Year
2010 winner Prime Minister 's Literary Awards — Fiction
Translations
German : Dog Boy . Translation by Thomas Gunkel . Suhrkamp Verlag 2011. .
Spanish : El Niño Perro . Editorial Salamandra 2010. .
References
2009 Australian novels
Fictional feral children
Novels set in Moscow
Ryan Peak ( ) is a peak 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ) east of Penitent Peak on Horseshoe Island . Surveyed by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) in 1955–57 . Named for Francis B. Ryan of FIDS , meteorologist at Horseshoe Island in 1956 , who broke a leg in a climbing accident on this peak .
Mountains of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Atopogestidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Spirostreptida .
Genera :
Atopogestus Kraus , 1966
References
Spirostreptida
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Qariyeh Sharaf ( , also Romanized as Qarīyeh Sharaf ) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District , Bajgiran District , Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 320 , in 82 families .
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Rauso was a region in the Horn of Africa in Late Antiquity .
Geography
The Monumentum Adulitanum is a 4th-century monumental inscription by King Ezana of Axum recording their various victories in war . It is lost , but its text was copied down in the 6th century by Cosmas Indicopleustes in their Christian Topography . It describes how Ezana conquered a land and people called Rauso to the west of Aromata . The description of the land is congruous with modern-day Dollo Zone and Haud . also translated `` Land of Incense '' or `` frankincense country '' :
I subjugated the peoples of Rauso who live in the midst of incense-gathering barbarians between great waterless plains .
British Anglican priest William Vincent described the region of Rauso as stretching westwards from Aromata all the way to the hinterlands of the hitherto prospective Adal Kingdom . During its extant existence , the contemporary polity to the north of Rauso was Sesea . The region of Rauso could also be congruous with the Nugaal plains of northern Somalia . Laurence P. Kirwan identified it with the Danakil Desert , inhabited today by the Afar .
Politics
English journalist Frederick Guest Tomlins described Rauso as a Kingdom .
Rauso also had an alternative toponym by the epithet of Raitnus . It used to exchange ordained religious ministers with the northern polities . A predominant religion practised during the Rauso period was Waaqism . During the classical era , through its contact with Hadhramaut and Himyarite traders , the Rauso kingdom had contact with Abrahamic religions too , in the form of Christianity in the former and Judaism in the latter , and some of these populations had settled and became Somalized . The pre-Rauso era is largely regarded as corresponding with Lowland East Cushite history .
It was bordered to the south by various Horner and cushitic tribal groupings such as the Northern Azanians , the Ormas , the Bazrangids , the Tunni , Gabooye and various other Lowland East Cushites . Sometime during the latter half of the 1st millennium , Rauso was replaced by the Jabarta and Ximan civilizations . Concurrently , there also existed a predominantly Christian civilization called Harli towards the north in the Nugaal Valley .
References
African civilizations
Ancient Somalia
The Agbamevo Festival ( Kente Festival ) is an annual festival celebrated by the chiefs and people of Agotime Traditional Area . It is located some kilometers east of Ho in the Volta Region of Ghana . It is usually celebrated in the month of August . They are Ga-Adangbes . The word Agbamevo means 'loom-cloth ' in the Ewe Language .
Celebrations
During the festival , a durbar of chiefs and their subjects put on display different types of the Kente . There is also a competition of Kente weavers and the best is crowned the winner . During the evening , there is also 'Miss Kente ' where they are selected .
Significance
The festival is celebrated because the people of Agotime claimed they introduced the Kente weaving art in Ghana . It attracts people both far and near .
References
Festivals in Ghana
Volta Region
Alligator Creek may refer to :
Alligator Creek ( Horse Creek tributary ) , Georgia , US
Alligator Creek ( Milligan Creek tributary ) , Georgia , US
Alligator Creek ( Suwannee River tributary ) , Georgia , US
Alligator Creek ( Little Ocmulgee River ) , Georgia , US
Alligator Creek ( Montana ) , in the Missouri River watershed , Montana , US
Alligator Creek , Queensland ( Mackay ) , Australia
Alligator Creek , Queensland ( Rockhampton ) , Australia , a tributary of the Fitzroy River ( Queensland )
Alligator Creek , Queensland ( Townsville ) , Australia
Alligator Creek ( Northern Territory ) , in the Wildman River watershed , Northern Territory , Australia
Alligator Creek ( Western Australia ) , a watercourse in Western Australia
Battle of the Tenaru , aka Battle of Alligator Creek , Guadalcanal , WWII
See also
Alligator River ( disambiguation )
Sacaca is a village located in the Potosí Department of Bolivia . It is the capital of the Sacaca Canton , Sacaca Municipality and Alonso de Ibáñez Province .
References
Populated places in Potosí Department
The women 's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay event at the 2002 Commonwealth Games as part of the swimming programme took place on 1 August at the Manchester Aquatics Centre in Manchester , England .
Records
Prior to this competition , the existing world and games records were as follows .
The following records were established during the competition :
Results
The final was held at 20:32 .
References
Women 's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay
Commonwealth Games
Common
William Crossing ( 1847–1928 ) was a writer and chronicler of Dartmoor and the lives of its inhabitants . They lived successively at South Brent , Brentor and at Mary Tavy but died at Plymouth , Devon .
Early life
Crossing was born in Plymouth on 14 November 1847 . Early in their youth they were fond of Dartmoor , their early associations centring on the south-west of the moor , in the neighbourhood of Sheepstor , Walkhampton , Meavy , and Yannadon . They acquired a taste for antiquities from their mother . They later went on to explore Tavistock , Coryton , Lydford , Okehampton , and the northern borders of Dartmoor , as well as South Brent , on its southern verge .
After finishing their schooling in Plymouth , they went to the Independent College at Taunton , and then returned to finish their education at the Mannamead School ( later called Plymouth College ) .
Their earliest literary efforts were in fiction : `` thrilling romances '' , composed for the delectation of their schoolfellows . Their first essay in poetry was at the age of fourteen , when a poem of theirs appeared in the pages of Young England , December 1861 .
In 1863 they went for a short coastal voyage to Wales , and gained a liking for the sea ; in 1864 they joined a vessel bound for Canada , and had a narrow escape , nearly being crushed by an iceberg during the night . Returning from this voyage , they took to business pursuits in Plymouth , and then recommenced their Dartmoor explorations .
Later life and writings
In 1872 they married and settled down at South Brent . In 1871 they had begun making notes about their rambles , but without any systematic arrangement ; after their marriage they seem to have become more methodical , and to have decided to write a book descriptive of the moorland district . They published numerous other works in the 1890s , and their Guide to Dartmoor , illustrated by Philip Guy Stevens , in 1909 . They were much afflicted by rheumatism in the last 25 years of their life , and in 1921 their wife died . From July 1925 to their death Crossing was an invalid . They died at Plymouth , 3 September 1928 .
They are now considered one of the best authorities on Dartmoor and its antiquities , having made it the subject of their life 's work . They were one of the earliest members of the Dartmoor Preservation Association , joining it immediately on its formation .
It is quite probable that they effectively started the popularity of the modern pursuit of letterboxing . In their book Guide to Dartmoor they refer to what is likely to have been the first letter box . It was placed at Cranmere Pool on northern Dartmoor by a local guide in 1854 . In Crossing 's memory in 1938 a plaque and letterbox were placed at Duck 's Pool on the southern moor by some individuals and members of a walking club known as Dobson 's Moormen . They were buried with their wife at Mary Tavy : their house at Mary Tavy bears a commemorative tablet unveiled in 1952 .
The style of Crossing 's work in Guide to Dartmoor has similarities to the much more recent work of Alfred Wainwright . The hand-drawn sketches of views and rough maps of walks together with the descriptive nature of the walks are like those of the Wainwright guides to the Lake District ( see Lakeland Guides ) .
Books
Leaves from Sherwood , etc . ; original poems . Plymouth , 1868
The Ancient Crosses of Dartmoor ; with a Description of their Surroundings ; Exeter , 1884 . An expansion of a series of articles which originally appeared in the Western Antiquary .
Amid Devonia 's Alps ; or , Wanderings and Adventures on Dartmoor . Plymouth , 1888
Tales of the Dartmoor Pixies : Glimpses of Elfin Haunts and Antics . 1890
The Land of Stream and Tor . Plymouth , 1891 . ( For private circulation )
Crockern Tor and the Ancient Stannary Parliament . Exeter , 1892
Old Stone Crosses of the Dartmoor Borders . Exeter and London , 1892
The Chronicles of Crazy Well . Plymouth , 1893
The Ocean Trails . Plymouth , 1894
Widey Court . Plymouth , 1895
A Hundred Years on Dartmoor . Plymouth 1901
The Western Gate of Dartmoor : Tavistock and its Surroundings . London , 1903
Gems in a Granite Setting . Plymouth , 1905
From a Dartmoor Cot . London , 1906
Crossing 's Guide to Dartmoor . Plymouth , 1909 . ( Republished 1990 , Peninsula Press , Newton Abbot , )
Crossing 's Guide to Dartmoor , the 1912 edition reprinted with new introd . by Brian Le Messurier . Dawlish : David & Charles , 1965 ( The third edition was published at Exeter in 1914 and was still in print until about 1940 )
Folk Rhymes of Devon . London , 1911
Cranmere : The Legendary Story of Binjie Gear and other Poems . London , 1926
Posthumous works
Crossing 's Dartmoor Worker . Newton Abbot , 1966 . A collection of twenty newspaper articles originally published in The Western Morning News in 1903 under the title `` Presentday Life on Dartmoor '' . The book details the activities of a number of workers on the moor , such as the farmers , the dry-stone wall builders , the peat-cutters , the warreners , and miners .
Dartmoor 's Early Historic and Medieval Remains . Brixham : Quay , 1987 . ( A collection of articles originally published in West Country newspapers during 1905 )
1847 births
1928 deaths
Dartmoor
Writers from Plymouth , Devon
People educated at Plymouth College
Historians of Devon
Michael Molloy ( born 22 December 1940 ) is a British author and former newspaper editor and cartoonist .
Biography
Born in Hertfordshire , Molloy studied at Ealing Junior School and the Ealing School of Art before working at the Sunday Pictorial followed by the Daily Sketch , where they began drawing cartoons . In 1962 , they joined the Daily Mirror , where they rose through the ranks until in 1975 they became editor .
In 1985 , Robert Maxwell appointed Molloy Editor-in-Chief of the Daily Mirror , Sunday Mirror and The People , where they introduced colour printing . From 1986 to 1988 , they additionally edited the Sunday Mirror .
From 1985 to 1995 , Molloy wrote seven crime fiction books set in England , four featuring Sarah Keane and three featuring Lewis Home .
In 1990 , Molloy left the Mirror Group , and in 1996 they bought Punch on behalf of Mohammed Al Fayed . They became its deputy editor , but left after six issues .
After retiring from the newspaper industry , they began writing children 's fantasy novels .
In 2003 , they were shortlisted for the Stockton Children 's Book of the Year , while in 2007 , they were shortlisted for the Hampshire Book Award .
Molloy married Sandy Foley in 1964 and they have three daughters , Jane ( an interiors stylist ) , Kate ( a journalist ) and Alexandra ( a writer ) .
Published books
The Century
The Witch Trade
The Wild West Witches
The Time Witches
The House on Falling Star Hill
Peter Raven under Fire
The Black Dwarf
Cat 's Paw
Dogsbody
Harlot of Jericho
Home Before Dark
The Kid from Riga
Sweet Sixteen
Experiencing the World 's Religions
References
1940 births
Living people
English children 's writers
English fantasy writers
English newspaper editors
English male journalists
21st-century English novelists
People from Hertfordshire
Daily Mirror people
English male short story writers
English short story writers
English male novelists
21st-century British short story writers
21st-century English male writers
Windswept House : A Vatican Novel is a 1996 novel by Roman Catholic priest and theologian Malachi Martin . The book charts the turmoil within the Catholic faith and within Vatican City .
Plot
Windswept House describes a satanic ritual – the enthronement of Lucifer – taking place at Saint Paul 's Chapel inside Vatican City , on June 29 , 1963 . The book gives a depiction of high-ranking churchmen , cardinals , archbishops and prelates of the Roman curia , taking oaths signed with their own blood , plotting to destroy the Church from within . It tells the story of an international organized attempt by these Vatican insiders and secular internationalists to force a pope of the Catholic Church to abdicate , so that a successor may be chosen that will fundamentally change orthodox faith and establish a New World Order .
Fact or fiction
The author describes the book as containing `` real events and real people masked in the form of a novel '' , a device they refer to as `` faction '' . According to Martin , 95 % of events in the book are real , and 85 % of the characters are real people .
Characters
The Slavic Pope . A geopolitical genius , the Slavic Pope is embattled against the forces of the New World Order and Satan in their defense of the Roman Catholic Church .
Christian Gladstone . A conservative and passionate young priest who descends from the all-powerful Roman Catholic family of the American southwest , the Gladstones . Becomes a pawn in the advancement of the destruction of their beloved Church .
Father Aldo Carnesecca . A simple and unassuming priest who has lived through four popes , Father Carnesecca is valued by their Vatican superiours as `` a man of confidences . '' Unwilling to compromise their principles on the one hand or to cross the threshold of disillusionment and bitterness on the other , they have acquired a detailed knowledge of significant facts , friendships , incidents and decisions in the Rome of the popes . An expert in the rise and fall of the greats , they act as a valued and intimate advisor to the embattled Slavic Pope , and becomes a valued and intimate friend to Christian Gladstone . Ultimately , their knowledge of hidden things leads not only to a maniacal scheme against their life , but to the unraveling of the darkest mystery lying at the heart of papal Rome .
Master General Damien Slattery . Father-General of the Dominican Order , the Irish giant , Father Damien Duncan Slattery is a man of extraordinary appetite , and the dimensions to go with it . Slattery is Irish to the core , and the staunchest of the staunch among the small band of supporters dedicated to the papacy and to the Slavic Pope . Archenemy of Cardinal Maestroianni .
Cardinal Silvio Aureatini . A quick-witted man who is a young Cardinal of international accomplishment and huge ambition . A close associate of Cardinal Maestroianni and by their role in the Vatican 's powerful Christian Adult Renewal Rite , Aureatini has improved their standing as a mover and shaker in the grave matters of foreign policy .
Cyrus Benthoek . The American head of a powerful transnational law firm based in London . Benthoek is a long-time friend of Cardinal Secretary of State Maestroianni and is held in the highest regard by those in the highest reaches of global power and is one of the main players in the New World Order 's plan for worldwide change .
Gibson Appleyard . A US State Department agent who is tasked as an international trouble shooter for the president of the United States and a special committee of industrialist advisors . Appleyard is ordered to oversee the EC 's plan for Greater European Market in relation to US interests .
Francesca `` Cessi '' Gladstone . The matriarchal leader of the powerful Gladstone family . A devout , conservative Catholic who does not recognise the legitimacy of the church after the Second Vatican Council and goes on to challenge both the head of the Vatican Bank , and the Slavic Pope , to boot .
References
Bibliography
Martin , Malachi , Windswept House : A Vatican Novel , Doubleday , New York , 1996 ,
External links
Background information , starharbor.com
1996 novels
Books by Malachi Martin
Catholic novels
Doubleday ( publisher ) books
Novels set in Rome
Novels set in Vatican City
Angelo Brofferio ( 6 December 1802 – 25 May 1866 ) was a Piedmontese and Italian poet and politician , active during the period of Italian unification .
Literary works
Brofferio was known as `` the Piemotic Béranger '' . Their poem entitled Canzoni piemontesi , written in Piedmontese , is among their most noteworthy works .
Tragedies
Su morre
Eudossia
Idomeneo
Vitige re dei Goti
Il vampiro
Mio cugino
Salvator Rosa
Il tartufo politico
Other works
Tradizioni italiane
Scene elleniche
Storia delle rivoluzioni italiane dal 1821 al 1848
Storia del Piemonte dal 1814 ai giorni nostri
Storia del parlamento subalpino
I miei tempi
See also
Unification of Italy
References
External links
.
1802 births
1866 deaths
People from the Province of Asti
Historical Far Left politicians
Deputies of Legislature II of the Kingdom of Sardinia
Deputies of Legislature III of the Kingdom of Sardinia
Deputies of Legislature IV of the Kingdom of Sardinia
Deputies of Legislature V of the Kingdom of Sardinia
Deputies of Legislature VI of the Kingdom of Sardinia
Deputies of Legislature VIII of the Kingdom of Italy
Deputies of Legislature IX of the Kingdom of Italy
People of the Italian unification
University of Turin alumni
The 7th Sarasaviya Awards festival ( Sinhala : 7වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ ) , presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited , was held to honor the best films of 1969 Sinhala cinema on March 7 , 1970 , at the Colombo New Theater Grounds , Sri Lanka . Minister of Education I. M. R. A. Iriyagolle was the chief guest at the awards night .
The film Binaramalee won the most awards with eight including Best Film .
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1970 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Goth Mewa Khan Lehri is a village in the Jaffarabad District of Balochistan Province , Pakistan . The village is near the city of Usta Mohammad .
Populated places in Jafarabad District
Andros ( ) is a masculine given name . It can also be a surname .
Notable people with the name Andros include :
Persons with the given name
Andros Antoniadis ( born 1939 ) , Cypriot footballer
Andros Christofi ( born 1969 ) , Cypriot football goalkeeper
Andros Kyprianou ( born 1955 ) , Cypriot politician
Andros Rodriguez , American music producer
Andros Townsend ( born 1991 ) , English professional footballer
Characters with the given name
Andros ( Power Rangers ) , from the television series Power Rangers : In Space
Andros Stark , a Marvel Comics character
Persons with the surname
Dee Andros ( 1924–2003 ) , American football player , coach , and college athletics administrator
Edmund Andros ( 1637–1714 ) , English colonial administrator
Phil Andros , a pen name of Samuel Steward ( 1909–1993 ) , American author
Plato Andros ( 1921–2008 ) , American football player
Thomas Andros ( born 1759 ) , American clergyman
The Yemen women 's national football team ( ) represents Yemen in international women 's association football and is governed by Yemen Football Association ( YFA ) . The team is a FIFA recognized team but has not played any FIFA recognised match so far .
History
Background and development
The national federation was founded in 1962 and became a FIFA affiliate in 1980 . The federation had four dedicated staffers for women 's football . Representation of women 's football on the board is required as part of a wider mandate connected to women 's football . , 26 % of the federation 's budget is dedicated to men 's football while only 4 % is dedicated to a category for technical development , which includes women 's football , refereeing , futsal and sports medicine .
The development of women 's football in the Middle East and central Asia dates back only about ten years . In 2005 , a women 's football programme was set up in the country . In 2006 , there were 160 registered female footballers , 110 of whom were adult players and 50 of whom were junior players . This was an increase from 15 in 2005 . In 2006 , there were 360 football teams in the country , zero of which were open to women . By 2009 there were six senior women 's teams and three junior women 's teams .
Team
A FIFA recognised senior A team existed in 2006 . The team had four training sessions a week . In 2006 , the country also had a FIFA-recognised under-18 team who also had four training sessions a week . Neither team played a game between 2002 and 2006 . The teams were still around in 2009 . In March 2012 , the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA .
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months , as well as any future matches that have been scheduled .
Legend
2022
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Players
Current squad
The following players have been selected to the squad .
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Yemen squad in the past 12 months .
Records
* Active players in bold , statistics correct as of 30 September 2021 .
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women 's World Cup
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
AFC Women 's Asian Cup
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
Asian Games
* Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks .
WAFF Women 's Championship
Arab Women 's Cup
References
Asian women 's national association football teams
women
Eva Roth ( born 26 December 1967 in Augsburg ) is a German slalom canoeist who competed in the late 1980s and the early 1990s . They finished fourth in the K1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1967 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
West German female canoeists
German female canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Germany
Sportspeople from Augsburg
TCV is the third and final album by alternative rock band The Click Five . It was released in Asia on November 16 , 2010 , and was released in Europe the following year .
The singles `` I Quit ! I Quit ! I Quit ! `` , `` The Way It Goes '' and `` Do n't Let Me Go '' were released to Asian radio stations
Track listing
Release history
Notes
`` I Quit ! I Quit ! I Quit ! '' reached # 7 on the Radio 91.3 Hot 30 Countdown in June 2009 .
`` The Way It Goes '' reached # 7 on the 987 Top 20 Countdown in September 2010
`` Do n't Let Me Go '' reached # 5 on the 987 Top 20 Countdown in January 2011 .
The music video for Do n't Let Me Go was released in April 2011 .
References
2010 albums
The Click Five albums
Marcus Perenara is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally for the Parramatta Eels .
They are the brother of Henry Perenara and the cousin of current All Blacks ( rugby union ) TJ Perenara and Sonny Bill Williams .
Playing career
Perenara , a Bay Roskill Vikings junior , played for the Marist-Richmond Brothers in the Bartercard Cup between 2002 and 2004 . They were a Schoolboy Kiwi in 2000 . They led the Brothers to the 2004 Bartercard Cup Grand Final before they lost 20-40 to Mount Albert .
They were signed by the Parramatta Eels in 2005 and played one National Rugby League game for the club in 2006 , coming off the bench . In 2006 they scored 5 tries and 4 field goals for 23 points for the Eels in the NSWRL Premier League . Their last match for the club was the 2006 NSWRL Premier League grand final , where they scored the winning field goal .
References
1985 births
Living people
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand Māori rugby league players
Parramatta Eels players
Bay Roskill Vikings players
Marist Richmond Brothers players
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Auckland
Wungong Regional Park is a conservation park near Bedfordale in the Perth Hills , 20 kilometres south-east of Perth , Western Australia , located within the City of Armadale .
Overview
Wungong Regional Park was named after the Wungong townsite , established in 1909 which , in turn , had been named after the Wungong Brook , which was first traced by European explorers in 1835 . The regional park 's was name was confirmed in 2008 , alongside three other regional parks and three national parks in the area , which were renamed to reflect the Aboriginal heritage of the area .
Wungong is one of eleven regional parks in the Perth region of Western Australia . The purpose of these regional parks is to serve as urban havens to preserve and restore cultural heritage and valuable ecosystems as well as to encourage sustainable nature-based recreation activities .
Area
Wungong Regional Park consists of the following reserves :
References
External links
Parks and Wildlife Service : Wungong Regional Park
Urban Bushland Council WA Inc. : Bungendore Park
City of Armadale Bungendore Park Strategic Directions ( 2009 )
Parks in Perth , Western Australia
Regional parks in Western Australia
City of Armadale
Darling Range
Noongar placenames
The following is a list of programs currently , formerly , or soon to be broadcast on either ESPN , ESPN2 or ESPN on ABC .
Currently broadcast by ESPN
News / analysis
Baseball Tonight ( since 1990 )
College Football Final ( since 1999 )
College Football Live ( since 2007 )
College Football Scoreboard ( since 1999 )
College GameDay basketball ( since 2005 )
College GameDay football ( since 1987 )
College Football Final ( since 2005 )
E:60 ( since 2007 )
ESPN FC ( since 2013 )
Monday Night Countdown ( since 1993 )
NBA Countdown ( since 2002 )
NBA Today ( since 2021 )
NFL Live ( since 1998 )
NFL Matchup ( since 1993 )
NFL Primetime ( since 1987 )
NFL Rewind ( since 2019 )
SportsCenter ( since 1979 )
Sunday NFL Countdown ( since 1985 )
Talk / debate
Around the Horn ( since 2002 )
Get Up ! ( since 2018 )
First Take ( since 2007 )
Outside the Lines ( since 1990 )
Pardon the Interruption ( since 2001 )
This Just In with Max Kellerman ( since 2021 )
Original series
30 for 30 ( since 2009 )
Game telecasts
ACC Wednesday ( since 2003 )
Big Monday ( since 1987 )
ESPN College Football Primetime ( Saturday ) ( since 1990 )
ESPN College Football Primetime ( Thursday ) ( since 1997 )
ESPN Hockey Night ( since 2021 )
ESPN Megacast ( since 2006 )
ESPN2 College Football Friday Primetime ( since 2004 )
ESPN2 College Football Saturday Primetime ( since 1994 )
MLS on ESPN ( since 1996 )
Monday Night Football ( since 2006 )
Monday Night Football with Peyton and Eli ( since 2021 )
NBA Friday ( since 2002 )
NBA Wednesday ( since 2002 )
Saturday Primetime ( since 2005 )
Sunday Night Baseball ( since 1990 )
Super Tuesday ( since 1993 )
Throwdown Thursday ( since 2003 )
Wednesday Night Hoops ( since 2003 )
Wimbledon ( since 2002 )
WNBA on ESPN ( since 1997 )
Formerly broadcast by ESPN
News / analysis
Baseball 2Day ( 2000– )
BassCenter ( 2003–2006 )
The Beat ( 2010- ? ? ? )
College Basketballs 's Greatest Games ( 1995 )
College Football 's Greatest Games ( 1995 )
College GameNight : Midnight Madness ( 2007- ? ? ? )
ESPN Hollywood ( 2005–2006 )
MLS Extratime ( 2000-2001 )
NASCAR Countdown ( 2007-2014 )
NASCAR Now ( 2007–2014 )
Nation 's Business Today ( 1980–1991 )
NFL32 ( 2004 )
NHL 2Night ( 1995–2004 )
RPM 2Night ( 1995–2003 )
SpeedWeek ( 1984–1997 )
SportsNite ( 1993–1997 )
The Trifecta ( since 2005 )
World Cup Live ( 2006-2014 )
NFL Insiders ( 2013-2017 )
The Jump ( 2016-2021 )
Talk / debate
Always Late with Katie Nolan ( 2018–2020 )
Cold Pizza ( 2003–2007 )
The Fantasy Show ( 2006 )
Jim Rome is Burning ( 2003–2012 )
Highly Questionable ( 2011–2021 )
Mike & Mike ( 2006–2017 )
Best of Mike and Mike ( 2006–2017 )
Olbermann ( 2013–2015 )
Outside the Lines Nightly ( 2003–2006 )
Quite Frankly with Stephen A. Smith ( 2005–2007 )
SportsNight ( 1993–1997 )
Talk2 ( 1993–1998 )
Unscripted with Chris Connelly ( 2001–2002 )
Up Close ( 1982–2001 )
Winners Bracket ( 2010 )
Barstool Van Talk ( 2017 )
Intentional Talk ( 2017–2018 , produced by MLB Network )
Original series
2 Minute Drill ( 2000–2001 )
All American ( TV series )
Battle of the Gridiron Stars ( 2005–06 )
Beg , Borrow and Deal ( 2001–2002 )
Bill Walton 's Long Strange Trip ( 2003 )
Bonds on Bonds ( 2006 )
Bound for Glory ( 2005 )
The Bronx is Burning ( 2007 )
The Captain ( 2022 )
Cheap Seats ( 2004–2006 )
The Contender ( 2005 )
Dream Job ( 2004–2006 )
ESPN2 Block Party ( since 2005 )
ESPN2 Garage ( since 2007 )
Madden Nation ( since 2006 )
NBA Live : Bring It Home ( since 2007 )
The New American Sportsman ( since 2006 )
Free Agent ( 2005 )
I 'd Do Anything ( 2004–2005 )
It 's The Shoes
Knight School ( 2006 )
The Last Dance ( 2020 )
The Life
Nine for IX ( 2013 )
Playmakers ( 2003 )
Shaquille ( 2005 )
Sportraits ( 1988 )
Stump the Schwab ( 2004-2006 )
Teammates ( since 2005 )
The Wild Rules ( 2003-2004 )
Tilt ( 2005 )
Game telecasts
ESPN Arena Football Monday ( 1987-1988 , 1992-2002 , 2007-2008 )
ESPN DayGame ( 1996-2006 )
Drum Corps International ( 2005-2007 )
ESPN National Hockey Night ( 1992-2004 )
ESPN SpeedWorld ( 1979-2006 )
MLS Soccer Saturday ( 1996-2006 )
NASCAR on ESPN ( 1981-2000 , 2007-2014 )
NHRA ( 2000-2015 )
Sunday Night Football ( 1987-2005 )
Thursday Night Baseball ( 2003-2006 )
Friday Night Fights ( 1998-2015 )
IndyCar Series on ESPN ( 1997-2008 )
NTRA Super Saturdays
Professional Bowlers Association ( 1998-2019 )
Monday Night Baseball ( 1992-2021 )
Wednesday Night Baseball ( 1990-2021 )
Other
BodyShaping ( 1990–1998 )
Professional Wrestling
AWA Championship Wrestling ( 1985–1990 )
GWF Global SuperCard Wrestling ( 1991–1993 )
Legends of WCCW / USWA ( 1988-1991 )
World Class Championship Wrestling / USWA Wrestling ( 1986–1991 )
Movies
3 : The Dale Earnhardt Story ( 2004 )
Black Magic ( 2008 )
Code Breakers ( 2005 )
Four Minutes ( 2005 )
Hustle ( 2004 )
The Junction Boys ( 2002 )
Mr. and Mrs. America ( 2007 )
Once in a Lifetime : The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos ( 2006 )
Ruffian ( 2007 )
A Season on the Brink ( 2002 )
Through the Fire ( 2006 )
See also
ESPN
References
External links
ESPN TV website
Programs broadcast by ESPN
is a former Japanese football player .
Club career
Kimura was born in Ibaraki on May 1 , 1984 . They joined Gamba Osaka from youth team in 2003 . However they could hardly play in the match , behind Naoki Matsuyo and Yosuke Fujigaya . In December 2009 , they debuted in Emperor 's Cup semifinal . In May 2012 , they became a regular goalkeeper . However they got hurt in June . They lost their opportunity to play . They retired end of 2014 season .
National team career
In September 2001 , Kimura was selected Japan U-17 national team for 2001 U-17 World Championship , but they did not play in the match behind Kenta Tokushige .
Club statistics
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Association football people from Osaka Prefecture
People from Ibaraki , Osaka
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Gamba Osaka players
Association football goalkeepers
Alfred Waterhouse ( 1830–1905 ) was a prolific English architect who worked in the second half of the 19th century . Their buildings were largely in Victorian Gothic Revival style . Waterhouse 's biographer , Colin Cunningham , states that between about 1865 and about 1885 they were `` the most widely employed British architect '' . They worked in many fields , designing commercial , public , educational , domestic , and ecclesiastical buildings .
Waterhouse was born in Liverpool of Quaker parents . After being articled to Richard Lane in Manchester , they took a ten-month tour of the Continent , then established their own practice in Manchester . Many of their early commissions came from Quakers and other nonconformist patrons . They came to national recognition when they won a competition for the design of Manchester assize courts . Their next major public commissions in Manchester were for Strangeways Gaol and Manchester Town Hall . In 1865 they opened an office in London , which was followed by their first major commission in London , the Natural History Museum . Meanwhile they were also designing country houses . Here their major work was the rebuilding of Eaton Hall in Cheshire for the 1st Duke of Westminster , which was `` the most expensive country house of the [ 19th ] century '' . They also designed educational buildings including schools and works for the universities of Cambridge , Oxford , Manchester , and Liverpool . In the commercial field , they designed banks , and offices for insurance and assurance companies , especially the Prudential Assurance Company , for whom they built 27 buildings .
Waterhouse 's success came from `` a thoroughly professional approach rather than on brilliance or innovation as a stylist '' . They paid particular attention to detail and , although they designed many major buildings , they still accepted smaller commissions . Although most of their work was in the Gothic Revival style , they also employed other styles , including Romanesque and French Renaissance . They used many building materials , but is noted for their use of red brick and terracotta . The use of these materials for many university buildings in the north of England is a major factor in their being termed `` red brick universities '' . In addition to their design work as an architect , Waterhouse was an assessor for about 60 architectural competitions . They were awarded the Royal Gold Medal of the Royal Institute of British Architects in 1878 for their design for Manchester Town Hall , and was president of that institution from 1888 to 1891 . They were gained international diplomas , and in 1895 was awarded an honorary LL.D by Manchester University . Waterhouse was also a painter , exhibiting 80 watercolours at the Royal Academy . They suffered a stroke in 1901 , and died in their home at Yattendon , Berkshire , in 1905 . Their practice was continued by their son Paul , followed by their grandson , Michael , and their great-grandson . Their estate at death amounted to over £215,000 ( equivalent to £ as of ) .
During their career Waterhouse designed buildings for educational use , ranging from village schools , grammar and private schools in whole or in part , and buildings for colleges and universities , the latter including Oxford and Cambridge , and for institutions that later became the universities of Manchester , Liverpool , and Leeds . This list contains the major works in this field .
Key
Buildings
See also
List of ecclesiastical works by Alfred Waterhouse
List of domestic works by Alfred Waterhouse
List of commercial buildings by Alfred Waterhouse
List of public and civic buildings by Alfred Waterhouse
References
Bibliography
Lists of buildings and structures by architect
Lists of buildings and structures in England
Lists of buildings and structures in Scotland
Rosa is part of a double novel by Knut Hamsun first published in 1908 . Benoni is the first part , and Rosa is the sequel and the final part of the double novel . The action is set in Nordland , in the village of Sirilund , with , among other characters , the merchant Mack and the upstart Benoni . Rosa is left alone after their husband leaves them
The 1975 six-part film Benoni and Rosa ( Benoni og Rosa ) was based on the novel .
An English translation of Rosa by Sverre Lyngstad was published in 1997 .
References
Novels by Knut Hamsun
20th-century Norwegian novels
1908 novels
The One Big Union ( OBU ) was a Canadian syndicalist trade union active primarily in the western part of the country . It was initiated formally in Calgary on June 4 , 1919 , but lost most of its members by 1922 . It finally merged into the Canadian Labour Congress in 1956 .
Background
Towards the end of World War I , labor activism in Western Canada became more radical . Western Canadian radicals protested the management of the Trades and Labour Congress of Canada ( TLC ) , the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) and the governments in power . Western unions were represented by only 45 of 400 delegates at the September 1918 TLC convention . Their resolutions to condemn Canada 's efforts for World War I were defeated easily . Moreover , the socialist TLC president James Watters , who had had this post since 1911 , was replaced by the conservative Tom Moore .
In those radical times , the federal government clamped down on radical publications and organizations , outlawing 14 different organizations including the Industrial Workers of the World ( the IWW ) . But labour activists and socialists did not allow the vision of that kind of society to die so determined to establish a new organization with the old IWW motto `` The Workers of the World Unite '' as their stated belief .
Western TLC unionists met annually in what became known as the Western Labor Conferences . The 1919 event was held on March 13 , prior to the annual national TLC congress . The WLC conference was dominated by members of the Socialist Party of Canada , who favored secession from the TLC . The majority at the conference voted to form a new `` revolutionary industrial union '' separate from the AFL/TLC , to be initiated officially at a convention scheduled for June 11 . The conference also approved resolutions condemning the Canadian government 's practices during the war and expressing solidarity with the Bolsheviks in Russia and the Spartacist League in Germany . It was also decided to poll Canadian workers on a general strike .
Rise
The general strike that began in Winnipeg on May 15 was in large part inspired by the One Big Union 's ideals . many One Big Union leader including Robert B. Russell , were arrested in conjunction with the strike , Russell being sentenced to two years imprisonment . Edmonton , Calgary , Drumheller and Vancouver began their own general strikes , spurred on by Winnipeg . Most strikeleaders , such as Edmonton 's Joe Knight , Calgary 's Mrs. Jean MacWilliams , and Amherst 's Frank Burke were OBU affiliates . A.S Wells , leader of the BC Federation of Labour at the time , was a founding member of the OBU .
The AFL and the TLC resisted the secession , by what would soon become the OBU . OBU members and OBU unions were expelled from most local trades councils . Nonetheless , thousands of workers resigned the AFL and the TLC and joined the OBU . These included loggers , hard rock miners , coal miners , longshoremen , construction workers , metalworkers , shop craftworkers , etc . The One Big Union organized by industry rather than by trade , in response to a deemphasis of craftsmanship , ( Taylorism ) , and the burgeoning demand for unskilled labour . The OBU 's anti-capitalist policy was evident by its constitution 's pre-amble :
By late 1919 the OBU 's membership was 70,000 . Although primarily organized in western Canada , the OBU had a significant presence in Nova Scotia , organizing coal workers during the Cape Breton Labour War , and covered nearly all of Amherst 's workers .
Fall
The union 's maximum was attained during late 1919 or early 1920 . Due to persecution by employers , the media , government and even other unions , membership decreased . Employers refused to bargain with the OBU 's representatives , and OBU organizers were beaten , kidnapped and dismissed from coalfields . By 1921 , it had only approximately 5,000 members and by 1927 only 1,600 , almost all in Winnipeg . By 1922 , most of the union 's income came from a lottery it operated in its weekly bulletin . At the time lotteries were illegal in Canada , but it took the authorities years to successfully prosecute the union . The bulletin had a large circulation because of the lottery ; even many business people bought it for the lottery coupons .
During the late 1920s the OBU briefly joined the All-Canadian Congress of Labour and considered joining the Canadian Congress of Labour during World War II , but by then its members were almost all employees of the Winnipeg Transit System . The One Big Union , by then with 24,000 members , merged into the Canadian Labour Congress during 1956 .
References
Further reading
Canada in the World Wars and Interwar Years
Canadian Labour Congress
Defunct trade unions in Canada
Economy of Winnipeg
Organizations based in Winnipeg
Trade unions established in 1919
Trade unions disestablished in 1956
Syndicalism
Syndicalist trade unions
A Virtual Customer Environment ( VCE ) is a web forum to facilitate customer co-innovation or user innovation .
Customers can partner with companies in different phases of product ( or service ) innovation - in product ideation , in product design & development , in product testing , and in product diffusion . VCEs can be designed so as to facilitate these different customer co-innovation roles . Examples of customer co-innovation through VCEs include Microsoft and the MVP forum ; Nokia and the Concept Lounge ; Ducati and the Tech Cafe ; etc .
The term 'Virtual Customer Environment ' was introduced by Satish Nambisan of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
Research published in MIT Sloan Management Review in 2008 focused on customer experience in such virtual customer environments and how companies can establish their VCEs so as to provide positive customer experiences in value co-creation .
See also
Ideas bank
Crowdsourcing
Innovation management
Wisdom of crowds
References
General
Sawhney , M. , G. Verona , & E. Prandelli . ( 2005 ) “ Collaborating to create : The Internet as a platform for customer engagement in product innovation , ” Journal of Interactive Marketing , 19 ( 4 ) , 4-17 .
External links
Research Channel Video on VCE
Innovation
Customer communications management
Luigi Antoine Josephe Calamatta ( 21 June 1801 – 8 March 1869 in Milan ) was an Italian painter and engraver . They were born at Civitavecchia , in the Papal States .
Biography
Orphaned early , they went to live with an uncle , then moved to Rome to live in the l'Ospizio San Michele . They were expelled from the hospice , and became the ward of fellow artists .
They studied drawing at Rome under Francesco Giangiacomo , took their early lessons in engraving from Marchetti . and executed their first plate under the eye of Ricciari . They went to Paris in 1822 , and became a follower of Ingres , whose style they copied in their engraving of The Vow of Louis XIII . They made their first appearance at the Salon of 1827 , with an engraving of Bajazet and the Shepherd , after Pierre Joseph Dedreux-Dorcy . They next produced the Mask of Napoleon , from the cast taken by Dr. Antommarchi at St. Helena in 1814 , grouping around it a symbolic gathering , embracing portraits , chiefly from Ingres ' drawings , of Madame Dudevant ( George Sand ) , Paganini , Martin , and Duclos . They visited Florence in 1836 , and the following year saw them installed as professor of engraving at Brussels . They were later appointed by Giuseppe Longhi to a similar post at the Brera in Milan , where they died in 1869 . Their wife Joséphine was also an artist , and produced an excellent portrait of their father , the archeologist Raoul Rochette , as well as The Virgin ( 1842 ) , Eudora and Cymadaceus ( 1844 ) , St. Cecilia ( 1846 ) , Eve ( 1848 ) , St. Veronica ( 1851 ) .
They were teacher at the École royale de gravure , Brussels .
Opus
Monna Lisa ( 1837 ) after Da Vinci .
Madonna di Foligno Madonna della Sedia , The Vision of Ezekiel , and Peace ( 1855 ) after Raphael .
Our Lord walking on the Sea ; after Cigoli
Francesca da Rimini ; after Scheffer .
Duke of Orleans ; Count Molè ( 1865 ) ; The Vow of Louis XIII ; and Madmouiselle Boimara ; after Ingres
Guizot ; after Delaroche .
Portraits of Actor and Miss Lèvera ; after Deveria .
Portrait of Lamennais ; after Ary Scheffer .
Beatrice Cenci ( 1857 ) after Guido Reni .
Recollections of Rome , partly etched ; after Stevens
Portraits of Rubens , Georges Sand , and Ingres .
Portrait of the King of Spain ; after Madrazo .
References
Short biography
1801 births
1869 deaths
People from Civitavecchia
19th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Italian engravers
Members of the Royal Academy of Belgium
19th-century Italian male artists
Nikolaos Himonas ( Greek : Νικόλαος Χειμώνας . Russian : Николай Петрович Химона ; 25 September 1864 – 1 August 1929 ) was a painter and art teacher of Greek ancestry who was born in Russia and spent most of their life there . Their name may also be transcribed in English as Heimonas or Cheimonas .
Biography
They were born in Yevpatoria . Their father was a retired army sergeant from the Greek Battalion of Balaklava who had fought in the defense of Sebastopol during the Crimean War . Their mother was descended from the Pontic Greeks who received asylum in Russia after the Russo-Turkish War of 1768–74 . They grew up in Yalta , where the family was engaged in commercial enterprises , and received a well-rounded education .
Later , they attended the Saint Petersburg Art and Industry Academy then , in 1889 , began auditing classes at the Imperial Academy of Arts , where their teachers included Ivan Shishkin and Arkhip Kuindzhi , with whom they became a lifelong friend . They graduated in 1897 and was able to travel with a group of Kuindzhi 's students to Berlin , Dresden , Vienna and Paris .
In 1902 , against their father 's wishes , they married Olga Khitrova , a young woman from an old noble family who was only seventeen . Two years later , they made their first trip to Greece and stayed for a year . They taught painting at the `` Imperial Society for the Encouragement of the Arts '' from 1897 until 1919 . From 1900 , they were the Inspector there , and became a full member in 1909 , the year that they helped create the `` Kuindzhi Artists ' Society '' . In 1916 , they were named an Academician .
Leaving Russia
In 1919 , during the Russian Civil War , Olga was denounced and arrested by the new government for transferring messages written by political prisoners . Their attempts to free them failed , and only served to make their situation dangerous , so they sought refuge with relatives in Crimea and , when the opportunity arose , emigrated to Greece . After arriving , they spent several years travelling throughout the Peloponnese , Crete , and the islands on the west coast , painting landscapes and architectural sites . Eventually , due to their father 's influence , Olga was freed and , with some searching , was able to rejoin him . After that , they essentially became their manager .
In 1929 , they settled on Skyros , where they became ill with malaria and died as a result of an incorrect diagnosis and improper treatment . Later that year , Olga presented a major retrospective of their works in Athens and , the following year , in London . Some sources indicate that they actually died in London , but this apparently derives from their frequent visits there to exhibit , and to confusion with Olga who did , in fact , die there in 1963 .
Selected scenes from Greece
References
Further reading
I.L . Zhalnin-Vasilkioti , `` Nikolai Himono : the path to Parnassus . '' Собрание шедевров ( Collection of Masterpieces ) June 2010 . Number 2 ( 25 ) . Pgs.46-55 .
NOTE : There is an autobiography in manuscript , maintained in the archives of the Vasilkioti family .
External links
More paintings by Himonas @ Paletaart .
1864 births
1929 deaths
Greek painters
Russian people of Greek descent
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Greece
Deaths from malaria
Landscape painters
19th-century painters from the Russian Empire
Russian male painters
20th-century Russian painters
19th-century Greek painters
20th-century Greek painters
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
20th-century Russian male artists
People from Yevpatoria
People from Yalta
Sand knifefish are freshwater electric fish of the family Rhamphichthyidae , from freshwater habitats in South America .
Just like most part of the members of the Gymnotiformes group , they also have elongated and compressed bodies and electric organs . The long anal fin actually extends from before the pectoral fins to the tip of the tail . There is no dorsal fin . Teeth are absent in the oral jaws and the snout is very long and tubular . The nostrils are very close together . This group is sometimes known as the tubesnout knifefishes for this reason .
They are nocturnal and burrow in the sand during the day .
Genera
According to FishBase there are only three genera in this family , but a comprehensive molecular study from 2015 showed that two additional genera belong here ( formerly in Hypopomidae , marked with stars * in list ) , and this has been followed by recent authorities .
Gymnorhamphichthys
Hypopygus *
Iracema
Rhamphichthys
Steatogenys *
See also
List of fish families
References
External links
Fish of South America
Ray-finned fish families
Weakly electric fish
Piatt is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
People
Adam Piatt ( born 1976 ) , American professional baseball outfielder
Abram S. Piatt ( 1821–1908 ) , Union general in the American Civil War
Donn Piatt ( 1819-1891 ) , American journalist and writer
John James Piatt ( 1835–1917 ) , American poet
Sarah Morgan Bryan Piatt ( 1836–1919 ) , American poet
Wiley Piatt ( 1874–1946 ) , American professional baseball pitcher
Wendy Piatt ( born 1976 ) , British director
People with middle name
A. Piatt Andrew ( 1873-1936 ) , American economist and politician
Places
United States
Piatt Township , Pennsylvania
Piatt County , Illinois
Piatt 's Landing , Kentucky
Piatt Castles , Logan County , Ohio
Piatt Park , Cincinnati , Ohio
https : //www.monroecountyohio.com/departments/parks_and_recreation/piatt_park.php , Monroe County , Ohio
See also
Piat ( disambiguation )
Vaughn Patrick Covil ( born 26 July 2003 ) is an American-English professional football player who plays as a winger and forward for Hull City .
Club career
Born in San Diego , California , Covil attended Bishop Wordsworth 's School whilst playing youth football for Amesbury Town and Salisbury . In 2014 , Covil joined the academy at Southampton , staying with the club for five years . In June 2019 , Covil signed for EFL League Two club Forest Green Rovers . On 8 October 2019 , Covil made their debut for Forest Green at 16 years old , in a 0–0 EFL Trophy draw against Coventry City , scoring a penalty in an 8–7 penalty shoot-out win . During the 2020–21 season , Covil was loaned out to Salisbury . The following season , Covil went out on loan to Melksham Town .
On 6 July 2022 , Covil signed a one-year deal with Hull City , with the club holding an option of a further year . Covil featured in the 60th minute in a pre-season friendly against Fenerbache in Istanbul ; started against Brighton and came on in the 65th minute against Malaga during first team pre-season tour in Marbella , Spain . Covil was named on the bench in the inaugural Corendon Cup which Hull City lost 0-4 to Leicester City F.C . The final pre-season friendly saw Covil start and help City win 1-2 against League 1 side Cambridge United . Covil made their debut as an 84th-minute substitute for Allahyar Sayyadmanesh on 30 July 2022 in the home match against Bristol City .
International career
Covil holds dual American and British nationality and has been called up for England under-15 's and the United States under-16 's .
Career statistics
References
2003 births
Living people
People educated at Bishop Wordsworth 's School
English people of American descent
English footballers
Association football wingers
Association football forwards
England youth international footballers
United States men 's youth international soccer players
Forest Green Rovers F.C . players
Salisbury F.C . players
Melksham Town F.C . players
Hull City A.F.C . players
English Football League players
Sin 's Pay Day is a 1932 American pre-Code crime film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Lloyd Whitlock , Dorothy Revier and Mickey Rooney . It was produced on Poverty Row as a second feature . It was later reissued under the alternative title Slums of New York with advertising material devoting greater attention to child actor Rooney , who had since emerged as a star at MGM .
Synopsis
Attorney Robert Webb makes a good living as a defense lawyer for gangsters . This disgusts their wife who leaves them and goes to set up a charitable clinic . After getting a notorious mob leader acquitted on a technicality , Webb develops a conscience and turns to alcohol letting their practice collapse . Living on the streets , they are befriended by a boy who helps them gain their self-respect . When the boy is then killed by a bullet fired from a gangster 's gun , Webb goes undercover to pose as a defense lawyer once more while secretly recording the incriminating conversation which they turn over to the police . A reformed man , they and their wife reconcile .
Cast
Lloyd Whitlock as Robert Webb
Dorothy Revier as Iris Markey
Mickey Rooney as Chubby Dennis
Forrest Stanley as James Markey
Bess Flowers as Jane Webb
Hal Price as Jake Bernheim
Harry Semels as Louie Joe
Paul Panzer as Derelict Drinking Milk
References
Bibliography
Pitts , Michael R. Poverty Row Studios , 1929–1940 : An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies , with a Filmography for Each . McFarland & Company , 2005 .
External links
1932 films
1932 crime films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by George B. Seitz
American crime films
Mayfair Pictures films
Films set in New York City
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The St . Cloud Rock'n Rollers was a professional basketball club based in St . Cloud , Minnesota that competed in the International Basketball Association beginning in the 1995-96 season . The team folded after just one season .
Personnel
Head Coach : Jay Garmetz
Director of Marketing : Gerald VanDiver
PA Announcer : Rollie Lange
Season results
References
External links
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Sports in St . Cloud , Minnesota
Basketball teams in Minnesota
1995 establishments in Minnesota
1996 disestablishments in Minnesota
Basketball teams established in 1995
Sport clubs disestablished in 1996
Television is one of the major mass media of Chile . It was introduced in 1957 .
There are 63 broadcast stations throughout the country ( plus 121 repeaters ) ( 1997 ) . The broadcast television system used is NTSC .
The primary regulator of television content is the National Television Council ( CNTV ) . The technical aspects are regulated by the Ministry of Transportation and Telecommunications , through the Undersecretariat of Telecommunications ( Subtel ) .
History
The first television transmission in Chile took place on October 5 , 1957 , from the Catholic University of Valparaíso 's main campus , giving birth to UCV , the country 's first television channel . Two years later , on August 21 , 1959 , the Catholic University of Chile made an experimental transmission between its main campus and the El Mercurio newspaper headquarters , both in Santiago 's downtown , inaugurating the country 's second channel , Canal 13 , occupying frequency 2 for a few years ( now 13 ) .
Color television debuted on February 6 , 1978 .
Users
According to the 2002 census , 87 % of Chilean households had at least one color television set . According to a November–December 2011 nationwide poll by CEP , 88.6 % of Chilean households had at least one color television set , 0.9 % did n't and 10.5 % did not answer . Sixty percent of those households that said they owned at least one color TV set also said they had cable or satellite television .
Cable/satellite television
In Chile , there are 1,138,718 cable television subscribers ( 55.3 % ) and 921,490 satellite television subscribers ( 44.7 % ) as of September 2011 . The household penetration rate for cable and satellite television stands at 40.4 % as of September 2011 .
Digital television
In late October 2008 , the President submitted a bill to Congress detailing the legal framework for DTTV broadcasting in the country , but without defining which standard would be used . )
On 14 September 2009 , Chile announced its decision to adopt the Japanese / Brazilian standard ISDB-T International with MPEG-4 for digital terrestrial television , joining Brazil , Argentina and Peru . The analog switchoff was scheduled for 2019 . ( Chile had delayed its decision on which digital terrestrial television standard to adopt . As of 2021 , a new schedule has been set for 2024
TVN , Chile 's state-owned channel , has made digital terrestrial television broadcast tests since 1999 . Canal 13 has been doing so since 2007 in Santiago only , transmitting in three DTV formats ( ATSC , DVB and ISDB ) . In Valparaiso , UCV TV was to start in June 2010 demonstrative ISDB-Tb broadcasting for the Valparaíso/Viña del Mar area , using an 800 watts transmitter .
HDTV-ready television sets are widely sold in Chile , and cable and satellite television companies transmit limited HD content to its subscribers ( 27 HD channels in VTR ( 2 national-free , 4 Premiums , 21 basic ) , the country 's largest cable TV provider ) .
Most viewed channels
See also
List of television stations in Chile
References
1957 establishments in Chile
Lisa Chiao Chiao , often credited as Chiao Chiao ( ; born Chiao Li-na ( 焦莉娜 ) ; 6 March 1943 ) , is a Taiwanese film actor best known for their work in Hong Kong cinema .
Background
Born in Chongqing , on 6 March 1943 , Them family moved to Taiwan in 1949 . They took up acting in 1961 .
In 1963 , Chiao married Huang Tsung-hsing , the following year Huang left for Hong Kong to join the Shaw Brothers Studio while Chiao remained in Taiwan to continue acting .
In 1966 Huang got into a car accident and Chiao moved to Hong Kong to look after him . There Chiao was invited to join the Shaw Brothers Studio , when they acted in the One-Armed Swordsman alongside with Jimmy Wang Yu , which met with an unexpected success . They later appeared in films such as The Assassin , Return of the One-Armed Swordsman and A Cause to Kill . In 1972 they left the studio and briefly returned to Taiwan , where they made some television appearances .
In 1976 while Huang was riding a motorbike in Taiwan , they got into a second car accident , however this time they did not survive . Chiao lived alone with their son in Hong Kong . They worked more extensively behind the scenes , most notably as a dubber . They then went on to appear in several Hong Kong films in the 1980s and 1990s , with their last appearance in the 1998 picture Bishonen , making some 50 appearances between 1964 and 1998 .
In 1994 , they married Hong Kong actor Kenneth Tsang .
In 2009 , they appeared in Prince of Tears directed by Yonfan . It showed at film festivals in Venice and Toronto in 2009 .
References
External links
Lisa Chiao Chiao at hkcinemamagic.com
Yonfan 's home page
Taiwanese film actores
Hong Kong film actores
Shaw Brothers Studio
1943 births
Living people
Actresses from Chongqing
Taiwanese people from Chongqing
Boscastle to Widemouth is a coastal Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) in Cornwall , England , noted for its biological and geological characteristics . The Dizzard dwarf oak woodland is unique and of international importance for its lichen communities , with 131 species recorded .
Geography
The site is located on the north Cornish coast , by the Celtic Sea of the Atlantic Ocean . The length of coastline stretches from Boscastle in the south to Widemouth Bay to the north . The coast on either side of Crackington Haven is characterised by the cliffs collapsing and rather than having steep vertical slopes such as in west Cornwall , there is a series of 'undercliffs ' which are thickly vegetated . Some are grazed by cattle and horses and the resulting mosaic of semi–natural habitats is of national importance for the coastal heath and grassland . High Cliff ( ) at is the highest cliff in Cornwall .
The South West Coast Path runs through the SSSI , parts of the coast are owned and managed by the National Trust and five Geological Conservation Review sites are within the area .
Geology
The coast between Boscastle and Widemouth is characterised by high slumped cliffs leading to areas of thickly vegetated , sloping lower undercliffs . The underlying rock , a type of shale which is easily fractured , is known to geologists as the Crackington formation and the layered strata contorted by earth movements can best be seen at Crackington Haven and Millook . The rocks date to the Namurian stage roughly 326 to 313 Ma ( million years ago ) and were folded during the Variscan orogeny a period of mountain building caused by the collision of two continents .
During the Quaternary Period the area was covered in periglacial deposits called head . At the time the area was tundra and was just to the south of an ice sheet which covered most of Britain .
There are five Geological Conservation Review sites within the SSSI .
They are : -
Boscastle
Millook to Foxhole Point
Rusey Cliff to Buckator
Widemouth to Crackington
Widemouth to Saltstone Strand
Wildlife and ecology
The valleys at Crackington Haven , Cleave , Dizzard and Millook show good examples of the zonation of habitats from splash zone lichen communities , to cliff vegetation with maritime grass , heath and scrub into woodland communities .
Sea cliff vegetation
In the splash zone at and above the high watermark there are black , orange and grey coloured lichen zones . Verrucaria species such as V. maura are black ; Xanthoria parietina and Caloplaca marina are bright yellow and orange ; Lecanora atra is grey ; and Ramalina siliquosa is green . Rock samphire ( Crithmum maritimum ) is found on rock ledges and crevices , 6–10 m above the high watermark along with sea spleenwort ( Asplenium marinum ) , common scurvy-grass ( Cochlearia officinalis ) , buck's-horn plantain ( Plantago coronopus ) , thrift ( Armeria maritima ) and rock sea-spurrey ( Spergularia rupicola ) . Cliff breeding birds along the coast are fulmar ( Fulmarus glacialis ) , shag ( Gulosus aristotelis ) , kestrel ( Falco tinnunculus ) , peregrine ( Falco peregrinus ) , raven ( Corvus corax ) and rock pipit ( Anthus petrosus ) . The chough ( Pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax ) , last bred on the north Cornwall coast in 1952 and is currently breeding in the Land 's End and Lizard areas .
Maritime grassland
Soil accumulates where the slope is not too steep and herb rich coastal grassland communities develop . The dominant grass is red fescue and the flowering plants include bird's–foot trefoil ( Lotus corniculatus ) , wild thyme ( Thymus serpyllum ) , wild carrot ( Daucus carota ) , sea campion ( Silene maritima ) , spring squill ( Scilla verna ) and kidney vetch ( Anthyllis vulneraria ) .
Maritime heath
A feature of coastal heaths is the undulating or waved appearance caused by the exposure to winds . A good example is at Aller Shoot , a valley to the north of Crackington Haven . The taller species are heather ( Calluna vulgaris ) , bell heather ( Erica cinerea ) and western gorse ( Ulex gallii ) . Growing amongst these plants are bristle bent ( Agrostis curtisii ) , red fescue ( Festuca rubra ) , sheep's–bit ( Jasione montana ) , tormentil ( Potentilla erecta ) and lousewort ( Pedicularis sylvatica ) .
Scrub
The dominant species of scrub depend on previous land management with varying amounts of blackthorn ( Prunus spinosa ) , European gorse ( Ulex europaeus ) , bramble ( Rubus fruticosus ) , wild privet ( Ligustrum vulgare ) and bracken ( Pteridium aquilinum ) . Amongst the leaf litter can be found Yorkshire fog ( Holcus lanatus ) , honeysuckle ( Lonicera periclymenum ) , bluebell ( Hyacinthoides non-scripta ) and wild madder ( Rubia peregrina ) . Typical birds seen within the SSSI are stonechat ( Saxicola rubicola ) , linnet ( Carduelis cannabina ) and whitethroat ( Sylvia communis ) .
Dizzard woodland
The woodland is between Crackington Haven and Millook and runs for approximately between the coastal path and the shore . Of international importance for its lichen communities , the ″dwarf ″ woodland at Dizzard Point ( ) grows on exposed , unstable cliffs with a canopy dominated by sessile oak ( Quercus petraea ) . Other woodland trees recorded are pedunculate oak ( Q. robur ) , rowan ( Sorbus aucuparia ) and wild service-tree ( S. torminalis ) . The maximum height of the canopy is from one to eight metres depending on exposure to the salt–laden , unpolluted winds and the trees are covered with Lobarion communities of lichens ; the main species are Lobaria pulmonaria , Lobaria scrobiculata , Parmeliella atlantica , Parmeliella plumbea and Pseudocyphellaria crocata , which is known from only one other site in England and Wales . Other lichens rarities include Bombyliospora pachycarpa , Graphina ruiziana , Lecidea carollii , Melaspilea ochrothalmia and Pannaria rubiginosa . The ground flora consists of a base rich plant community with ramsons ( Allium ursinum ) , lords and ladies ( Arum maculatum ) and meadowsweet ( Filipendula ulmaria ) in the wetter areas . Otherwise the ground flora is heath-like with ling ( Calluna vulgaris ) and bilberry ( Vaccinium myrtillus ) as to dominate species , and cow wheat ( Melampyrum pratense ) and hay-scented buckler-fern ( Dryopteris aemula ) also occurring . Management by the National Trust includes the removal of invasive sycamore ( Acer pseudoplatanus ) and maintenance of the coastal footpath from where the wood can be observed as there is no public access .
Large blue butterfly
The discovery of the large blue butterfly ( Phengaris arion ) at Millook by E A Waterhouse in 1891 was described as both unexpected and remarkable . It had been extinct in Northamptonshire for thirty years and was declining in areas such as the Cotswolds and along the south coast of Devon . It had probably been overlooked in isolated Cornwall until just before the coming of the railways to Camelford in 1893 and to Bude in 1898 . The butterfly was found to inhabit valleys as far west as Tintagel and in some places found in great abundance , which led to some collectors visiting year after year and taking hundreds for collections . Not surprisingly by 1925 the species was in decline , although not solely due to collecting . In 1902 many acres of the original habitat at Millook had been enclosed and ploughed , and P M Bright noted how since 1911 `` the gorse has been allowed to grow up over the whole area ... especially in the neighbourhood of Millook . This has choked out its ( food plant ) in many places where it was abundant , and has also driven away the ants '' . The temporary demise of rabbits ( Oryctolagus cuniculus ) caused by the rapid spread of myxomatosis after its introduction in 1953 would also have led to the spread of gorse , and in that year Millook valley was described as `` by then totally overgrown and without a vestige of wild thyme , but several other localities , including parts of Crackington Haven , appeared to be , and in fact still are much less obviously changed '' . In 1963 a search of twenty-three sites in Cornwall found only eight small colonies left , all to the north of Bude and thus outside the area of this SSSI ; the large blue was last seen in Cornwall in 1973 ( although it was introduced to a north Cornwall site in 2000 ) .
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cornwall
Sites of Special Scientific Interest notified in 1972
Nature Conservation Review sites
National Trust properties in Cornwall
Cornish coast
Brachinulus viettei is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Brachinulus .
References
Brachininae
Callimetopus ruficollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Heller in 1915 . It is known from the Philippines .
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1915
In enzymology , an alkenylglycerophosphocholine hydrolase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
1- ( 1-alkenyl ) -sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine + H2O an aldehyde + sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine
Thus , the two substrates of this enzyme are 1- ( 1-alkenyl ) -sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and H2O , whereas its two products are aldehyde and sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine .
This enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases , specifically those acting on ether bonds ( ether hydrolases ) . The systematic name of this enzyme class is 1- ( 1-alkenyl ) -sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine aldehydohydrolase . This enzyme is also called lysoplasmalogenase . This enzyme participates in ether lipid metabolism .
References
EC 3.3.2
Enzymes of unknown structure
Iversity is a Berlin-based online education platform . Since October 2013 , iversity has specialised in providing online courses and lectures in higher education , specifically MOOCs ( Massive Open Online Courses ) . Courses are free and open for anyone to enroll and participate . Many of them are conducted in English or German , but also other languages . iversity cooperates with individual professors as well as different European universities . Some of the courses were winners of the MOOC Production Fellowship held in early 2013. iversity.org officially launched the MOOC platform online in October 2013 and as of February 2015 has a user base of 600,000 online learners , enrolled in 63 courses offered by 41 partner universities . iversity is the only MOOC platform offering courses with ECTS-integration . iversity has branch offices in Bernau bei Berlin , Germany and Berlin .
History
Initial idea and development of a beta-version of the platform in 2008 by founder Jonas Liepmann .
This startup is said to have begun in 2011 and offered online collaboration tools for learning management with Hannes Klöpper as the co-founder and the second managing director .
in 2012 iversity decided to become a European-based MOOC platform
Spring 2013 – iversity and the Stifterverband für die Deutsche Wissenschaft launched “ The MOOC Production Fellowship ” as a competition for online course concepts . A jury chose 10 of the best MOOC concepts out of more than 250 entries . The winners were each awarded €25,000 for the production of their courses .
In October 2013 iversity relaunched as a platform for online courses , initially with 10 courses and 115,000 registered users .
In January 2014 online learners were able to take the first paid final , on-site exams , through which iversity earned its first revenues .
In October 2014 , exactly one year since the relaunch , iversity 's total funding reached over €5 million .
In August 2016 , iversity secured a new investment from Holtzbrinck Digital , after filing for insolvency in July 2016 .
Courses
Massive Open Online Courses ( MOOCs ) harness visual elements ( lecture videos , animations , graphics ) , interactive elements ( simulations ) and written materials ( scientific articles ) . All elements can be reviewed at any time . Instructor and course participants can interact with each other in discussion forums . Instructors can use quizzes to get feedback on the learning progress of the course participants . Most iversity courses end with a final assessment or exam . Exams can be taken on-site , online as “ proctored-exam ” or in form of a final project that has to be handed in to the instructor .
Students at iversity.org can choose between different study paths , resulting in different certificates . “ Statement of Participation ” is free-of-charge , other certificates come with varying costs – depending on which level of certification the student chooses . Universities that offer a course at iversity have the option of offering European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System ( ECTS ) credits . This track allows students to receive credits from their course and apply them to their university studies . ECTS Credits can be used at any European Higher Education Institution . A certificate that awards ECTS credits is issued once the participant has passed an on-site or online proctored exam . Enrolment to courses is free , costs only apply when purchasing certificates .
For the production of courses , iversity collaborates with European universities and individual professors . Lecturers design their own MOOCs with technical support from iversity .
iversity cooperates with institutions such as
Libera Università Internazionale degli Studi Sociali Guido Carli ( LUISS )
RWTH Aachen
University of Buckingham
United Nations Environment Programme ( UNEP )
Hertie School of Governance
European University Institute
University of Tübingen
University of Mainz
Reutlingen University ( Hochschule Reutlingen in German )
Business Model
iversity earns revenue through the sale of certificates , which online learners receive after successfully completing courses on iversity.org thereby catering to all types of learners , among them working professionals who need to document their learning achievements and university students . Some courses at iversity can be integrated into the student 's diploma through the European Credit Transfer and Accumulation System ( ECTS ) .
iversity has raised more than €5 million in venture capital . The investors are T-Venture , bmp media investors , BFB Frühphasenfonds , Masoud Kamali , Westtech Ventures , CRALS , Peter Zühlsdorf and Kontor B45 .
The iversity Advisory board consists of Dr. Jörg Dräger and Prof. Édouard Husson .
See also
ALISON ( company )
EdX
IONISx
MIT OpenCourseWare
National Programme on Technology Enhanced Learning , India
OpenCourseWare
Tufts OpenCourseWare
TechChange
Udacity
Udemy
Flooved
Eliademy
Khan Academy
Coursera
OpenLearning
References
External links
German educational websites
Educational technology companies
Open content
Panaspis wilsoni , also known commonly as Wilson 's dwarf skink and Wilson 's snake-eyed skink , is a species of lidless skink , a lizard in the family Scincidae . The species is endemic to Sudan .
Etymology
The specific name , wilsoni , is in honor of Arnold Talbot Wilson , who was a British military officer , diplomat , and amateur naturalist .
Geographic range
P. wilsoni is found in southern Sudan .
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of P. wilsoni is unknown .
Description
P. wilsoni has a maximum snout–vent length ( SVL ) of about , making it one of the smallest skinks known .
Reproduction
The mode of reproduction of P. wilsoni is unknown .
References
Further reading
( Panaspis wilsoni , new combination ) .
Werner F ( 1914 ) . `` Über Eidechsen , darunter zwei neue , aus dem Angloägyptischen Sudan '' . Anzeiger der Kaiserlichen Akademie der Wissenschaften in Vienna , Mathematisch-Naturwissenschaftliche Klasse 57 ( 18 ) : 393–394 . ( Ablepharus wilsoni , new species ) . ( in German ) .
Panaspis
Skinks of Africa
Reptiles of Sub-Saharan Africa
Vertebrates of Sudan
Endemic fauna of Sudan
Reptiles described in 1914
Taxa named by Franz Werner
The 1976–77 international cricket season was from September 1976 to April 1977 .
Season overview
October
New Zealand in Pakistan
November
New Zealand in India
December
England in India
Pakistan in Australia
February
Australia in New Zealand
Pakistan in the West Indies
March
England in Australia
References
International cricket competitions by season
1977 in cricket
1978 in cricket
Rauhia is a genus of Peruvian plants in the Amaryllis family .
Species
Rauhia decora Ravenna - Perú ( Amazonas )
Rauhia multiflora ( Kunth ) Ravenna - Perú ( Cajamarca )
Rauhia occidentalis Ravenna - Perú ( Cajamarca )
Rauhia sagasteguiana Ravenna - Perú ( Cajamarca )
Rauhia staminosa Ravenna - Perú ( Amazonas )
References
Amaryllidaceae genera
Endemic flora of Peru
Rachel DeWoskin ( born 1972 , Kyoto , Japan ) is an American actor and author who is a 2012 recipient of the Alex Awards . They are currently an associate professor of creative writing at the University of Chicago .
Early life and education
DeWoskin was raised in Ann Arbor , Michigan , where they attended the alternative Community High School . The daughter of Kenneth DeWoskin , a Sinology professor at the University of Michigan and senior advisor to Deloitte , they majored in English and studied Chinese at Columbia University , graduating in 1994 .
Career
Acting
They went to Beijing in 1994 to work as a public-relations consultant and later starred in a Chinese nighttime soap opera , the hugely successful Foreign Babes in Beijing , which was watched by approximately 600 million viewers . DeWoskin played the character of Jiexi . As Reuters noted , the show was a `` sort of Chinese counterpart to Sex and the City revolving around Chinese-Western culture clashes . '' At the time , they were one of the few foreign actores working in mainland China and was considered a sex symbol .
Writing
DeWoskin returned to the United States in 1999 and earned a master 's degree in poetry from Boston University . In 2005 , W. W. Norton published their memoir , Foreign Babes in Beijing : Behind the Scenes of a New China . The New Yorker commented that `` DeWoskin 's cleverly layered account thus charts parallel culture clashes , one that they experience as a Western woman in modern China , and the other , a TV-ready version of the first , tailored to Chinese expectations . '' Paramount Pictures purchased the film rights , and the project remains in production . The director and screen adaptor attached to the film is Alice Wu .
DeWoskin is also the author of five novels , Big Girl Small ( FSG 2011 ) , Repeat After Me ( Overlook 2009 ) , Blind ( Penguin 2014 ) , Some Day We Will Fly ( Viking 2019 ) and Banshee ( Dottir 2019 ) .
DeWoskin is married to playwright Zayd Dohrn , son of Bernardine Dohrn and William Ayers . They have two daughters , Dalin ( b . 2004 ) and Light ( b . 2007 ) .
References
American soap opera actores
Writers from Ann Arbor , Michigan
Actresses from Michigan
1972 births
Living people
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
Boston University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Actors from Ann Arbor , Michigan
Writers from Kyoto
Actresses from Kyoto
American women novelists
American women memoirists
21st-century American memoirists
21st-century American women writers
21st-century American novelists
20th-century American actores
University of Chicago faculty
David Kushnir ( דוד קושניר ; J21 June 1931 – 18 October 2020 ) was an Israeli Olympic long-jumper and track and field coach .
They were born in Afula , Mandatory Palestine ( now in Israel ) , and was Jewish . When Kushnir competed in the Olympics they were 5-8 ( 173 cm ) tall and weighed 163 lbs ( 74 kg ) .
Track and field career
Kushnir won the gold medal in the broad jump ( also known as the long jump ) at the 1953 Maccabiah Games .
They competed for Israel at the 1956 Summer Olympics , at the age of 25 , in Melbourne , Australia in the Men 's Long Jump , jumped a distance of 6.89 meters , but did not qualify for the finals , and came in 25th .
Kushnir won the gold medal in the broad jump at the 1957 Maccabiah Games .
Kushnir also competed for Israel at the 1960 Summer Olympics , at the age of 29 , in Rome , Italy , in the Men 's Long Jump , jumped 7.20 meters , and came in 25th .
They won the Israeli Championship in the long jump in 1960 , 1961 , 1963 , and 1964 . Kushnir coached the Israeli national track and field team from 1970-82 . At the 1978 World Veterans Championship ( age 40-45 ) , Kushnir won the broad jump .
On top of being Israeli champion and national record holder in the long jump , Kushnir also won national championships in 100 metres , triple jump , and pole vault . They were the national record holder in triple jump ( 1954 , 5 years ) and decathlon ( 1954 , 6 years ) .
Football career
Kushnir played football for Hapoel Balfouria while the club played at the top division , scoring goals for the club in matches against Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Hadera during the 1954–55 season .
After retirement
After their retirement , Kushnir moved into track and field coaching . Their most prominent trainee was long jumper and triple jumper Rogel Nachum .
References
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Israel
People from Afula
Competitors at the 1957 Maccabiah Games
Maccabiah Games medalists in athletics
1931 births
2020 deaths
Israeli male long jumpers
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1953 Maccabiah Games
Maccabiah Games gold medalists for Israel
Hapoel Balfouria F.C . players
Israeli Jews
Jewish male athletes ( track and field )
Israeli athletics coaches
Association footballers not categorized by position
Israeli footballers
Owodog is a member of Lollipop F , a Taiwanese Mandopop boyband currently signed under the label Gold Typhoon ( formerly EMI Capitol ) . The group consists of six members , all chosen in 2006 from Channel [ V ] Taiwan 's show 模范棒棒堂 ( Bang Bang Tang , or BBT ) , a show which sought to create new male artists in the entertainment business of Taiwan . Since then , Owodog has debuted as a singer , a host , an actor , and a short film director and has contributed three lyrics to the group 's albums to date .
Biography
Background
Owodog was born on October 30 , 1984 in Taiwan , and their family consists of their parents and an older sister . Originally from Taichung , Owodog moved to Taipei when attending Takming University of Science and Technology , where they met Liljay . Since becoming members of Lollipop , they have transferred to Hsing Wu College . They currently live with other members of the group in an apartment rented to them by BBT show host FanFan in Taipei , having moved several times since their debut .
Owodog , along with Liljay and A-Wei are members of Taiwanese breakdance group Black Angle Crew . Shortly after Owodog and Liljay joined Bang Bang Tang , the crew performed at 我愛黑澀會 , the female version of BBT that debuted a year earlier on Channel V .
In 2006 , Owodog became among the first group of boys to be selected into Bang Bang Tang after auditioning for the show in Taipei with Liljay . The show would officially debut on August 17 , 2006 , and they would be selected to act as the class leader in the show . For all three of the elimination contests before the selection , Owodog received first place . For one of these performances , they collaborated with Liljay .
The formation of Lollipop
On November 27 , 2006 , the episode in which the six members of the group were selected and revealed was aired . The order in which the members were announced is as follows : Liljay , Prince , Owodog , Fabien , William , and A-Wei . The members signed a contract to Channel V , and Dora Ao became their agent . The group , named Lollipop , then officially signed a contract with EMI Capitol on December 2 , 2006 . Owodog , being the leader in BBT , was named the group leader as well . On December 9 , 2006 , Lollipop made its first public performance as a group at the V-Power Music Storm Concert .
Lollipop first EP Colorful Lollipop was released on January 26 , 2007 , with six different covers , each featuring a member of the group . Four months later , on May 25 , a second EP titled Summer 's First Experience was released along with a photobook compiled with photos taken in Okinawa , as well as a DVD .
2007-2008
Acting and hosting debut
During the summer of 2007 , members of Lollipop made their acting debut in the drama Brown Sugar Macchiato , a collaboration with Hey Girl , in which , Owodog acted as the oldest brother in the family . Because of the large number of main characters , fifteen in total , and the many obligations both groups had apart from the drama , the original director quit after directing five episodes . Nevertheless , the first episode was aired in Taiwan on July 15 , 2007 . Later , Lollipop admits on Kangsi Coming that the drama had been more of an introduction of the two groups instead of a major acting challenge , as the members were told to act like themselves , and that many subplots were explained only briefly due to the large number of main characters . After thirteen episodes , the drama ended on October 7 , 2007 . Additionally , an official soundtrack was released with songs from Lollipop and Hey Girl .
The same year , Lollipop began hosting their own show Lollipop Gyashan ( LOLLIPOP哪裡怕 ) on October 27 until April 19 , 2008 , when the show stopped airing .
Official debut album and concert
Lollipop 's debut album Gyashan ( ) was released on December 28 , 2007 . Gyashan entered Mandarin charts in the number one position , outselling F4 's album Waiting for You – Await Your Love ( 在這裡等你 ) released the same day .
On January 26 , 2008 , a year after the release of their first EP , Lollipop held its debut concert at the Taipei Arena .
The concert DVD was released on June 6 , 2008 , breaking chart records with sales rates of more than 35 % . The DVD has topped the charts for a period of one month since . Due to copyright issues , Owodog 's tribute to Michael Jackson could not be included in the DVD , but was aired on Bang Bang Tang.–
2008–2009
Graduation from Bang Bang Tang
Lollipop had been appearing regularly on Bang Bang Tang since August 14 , 2006 . With Channel [ V ] 's decision to select a new batch of boys and create a second season , Owodog and most of the other members `` graduated '' from Bang Bang Tang . For their last performance , another tribute to Michael Jackson 's Ghost and a collaboration with members of 我愛黑澀會 , Owodog received first place . Their last official episode aired on August 29 , 2008 , marking the end of the first season . In total , the members of Lollipop had participated in more than 500 episodes of the show . Since the start of Bang Bang Tang II , Owodog had , on several occasions , returned to the show as a guest or a co-host .
Drama , hosting , film , and other performing opportunities
Owodog guest starred in the dramaThe Legend of Brown Sugar Chivalries , which starred other members of Lollipop and Hey Girl that had debuted July 26 , 2008 on Star TV Chinese Channel . On October 3 , 2008 , the original soundtrack was released by Gold Typhoon .
At the same time , they also began hosting Na Li Wu Da Kang ( 哪裡5打坑 ) with Liljay , Awei , Hey Girl 's Apple , and Channel V 's VJ Rong Jia . The show has ended around December 2008 .
Having performed in Singapore a week before , the group returned to Taiwan to participate in the 2008 V-Power Love Music Concert on November 29 , 2008 . The concert united Liljay , Owodog , and A-wei with other Black Angle Crew members for a dance performance . Together , the six members of Lollipop performed five songs . Lollipop 's participation in the concert also marks , symbolically , the two-year anniversary of the group 's formation .
A week later , on December 6 , 2008 , Lollipop performed four songs with themes of wushu at the 45th Golden Horse Awards ceremony .
After talks with Paco Wong in 2008 , the chairperson of Gold Records , Owodog is starring in a kungfu film called Hot-blooded Union ( 熱血同盟 ) with Theresa Fu and a member of The Flowers . The film has started filming near the end of 2008 in Beijing . Later news also reveal that A-Wei , who impressed the director with their wushu skills , has been invited to guest star in the film . The name of the film has since been changed to Martial Spirit ( 武動青春 ) , and a trailer was shown at Lollipop 's I am Legend concert in Hong Kong .
As one of Channel [ V ] 's Chinese New Year programs , a short film called 狼牙棒 aired on January 26 , 2009 . The short film is produced by Owodog , along with bandmates William and A-Wei , starring also in the film themselves .
Bang Bang Tang III
In February , 2009 , Channel [ V ] began filming its revamped version and new season of Bang Bang Tang , which marked the return of several members from the first season , including Owodog . For the new season , Owodog shot and directed a promotional ad of members dancing at several sites in Taipei with Aben of Choc7 . Bang Bang Tang III began airing on March 2 , 2009 , with Show Lo being the first guest star .
In 2009 , Lollipop , as a group , made its first lyric contributions to other artists , which are included in the mini album of the group Choc7 , composed of seven members selected from the same show .
2009–Present
I am Legend : Second album and Asia tour
Lollipop 's second album I am Legend is released on June 19 , 2009 . For the album , Owodog wrote the lyrics to the song `` 綜藝咖 '' and co-wrote the lyrics for the title song `` I am Legend '' with Prince , as well as , `` One Way '' with Liljay . A concert tour in Asia with the same name as the album commenced in Hong Kong Coliseum on July 4 and July 5 , 2009 .
While promoting I am Legend on several Taiwanese variety shows , including Kangxi Lai Le , 100 % Entertainment , Azio Superstar , etc. , Owodog and other members of Lollipop , created a series of dance performances specifically for the show hosts of each show , thus completing a mini TV tour .
End of Bang Bang Tang
With show host FanFan leaving the show to focus on their musical career , Bang Bang Tang '' 's last episode was aired on July 30 , 2009 . This marks the end of Owodog 's participation in the show .
Call Me By Fire
In 2021 , they joined the cast of Call Me By Fire as a contestant . They were subsequently eliminated in episode 9 .
Discography
Albums
EPs
Original soundtracks
Concert DVDs
Lyrics contributions
Filmography
Television series
Films
Short filmsThis table includes short films that are directed and produced by members of Lollipop , which were aired on Channel [ V ] independently ( i.e . not as part of the show Bang Bang Tang ) .
Variety shows
Concert appearances
This list does not include year-end galas or autograph/performance sessions .
Lollipop 's concerts
Appearances as guests
Other concerts
This table consists of concerts where Lollipop is one of many artists who performed .
Endorsements/Commercial appearances
Awards
Awards received as part of Lollipop .
See also
Lollipop
Channel [ V ] Taiwan
Bang Bang Tang
References
External links
Owodog 's official Facebook Fanpage
Owodog 's Wretch blog
Lollipop F 's official page on Gold Typhoon
Lollipop F 's official website and fan club
1982 births
Living people
Taiwanese male film actors
Taiwanese male dancers
Taiwanese Mandopop singers
Taiwanese male television actors
Male actors from Taichung
21st-century Taiwanese singers
Musicians from Taichung
The Bell of Death is a 1939 mystery detective novel by Anthony Gilbert , the pen name of British writer Lucy Beatrice Malleson . It is the sixth in their long-running series featuring the unscrupulous London lawyer and detective Arthur Crook . It was published during the Golden Age of Detective Fiction . Reviewing it for the Times Literary Supplement , Maurice Percy Ashley commented `` as usual with Mr. Gilbert 's stories this is exciting and well written , but it is so complicated that the reader can do little more than hold theirs breath '' .
Synopsis
When a vagrant is found dead in the belfry of a London church , suspicion falls on the verger who has completely disappeared . Solicitor Arthur Crook promises their wife to clear their name as soon as they are found .
References
Bibliography
Cooper , John & Pike , B.A . Artists in Crime : An Illustrated Survey of Crime Fiction First Edition Dustwrappers , 1920-1970 . Scolar Press , 1995 .
Magill , Frank Northen . Critical Survey of Mystery and Detective Fiction : Authors , Volume 2 . Salem Press , 1988 .
Murphy , Bruce F. The Encyclopedia of Murder and Mystery . Springer , 1999 .
Reilly , John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers . Springer , 2015 .
1939 British novels
British mystery novels
British thriller novels
Novels by Anthony Gilbert
Novels set in London
British detective novels
Collins Crime Club books
Bulgaria competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Delegation
The country sent a team of 7 athletes , 4 men and 3 women , along with 2 officials to the 2016 Summer Paralympics . They competed in athletics , shooting and table tennis .
Medallists
Athletics
Men 's Track
Men 's Field
Women 's Field
Shooting
The country sent shooters to 2015 IPC IPC Shooting World Cup in Osijek , Croatia , where Rio direct qualification was available . They earned a qualifying spot at this event based on the performance of Milena Todorova in the R4 – 10m Air Rifle Standing Mixed SH2 event .
Table Tennis
Men
See also
Bulgaria at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Bulgarian sport
Taito of Brazil ( Portuguese : Taito do Brasil ) was a pinball and arcade manufacturer located in São Paulo , Brazil . The company originally started out as Clover Electronic Amusement in 1968 , then became Taito of Brazil in 1972 by Abraham `` Abba '' Kogan , the son of the founder of the parent company Taito located in Japan . This subsidiary was originally an importer of existing U.S. and Japanese machine components to be assembled within the country . However , the taxation on imports had been growing steadily , and the government 's belief that pinball is a game of chance and considered a gambling machine , led to strict import rules . By 1976 , within rules created by the Electronic Processing Activities Coordinating Committee ( CAPRE ) , it became illegal to import pinball machines . This created a problem , since the popularity of arcade games in Brazil had been growing exponentially for many years .
In 1978 , with an influx of cash from the parent company , Taito of Brazil was able to build new facilities to accommodate the new standard of electronic solid state games being produced by other manufacturers . Because of the import changes , companies in Brazil needed to become innovative , and began creating imitations , or close representations of already existing products that could no longer be acquired . This included pinball and arcade games . Taito of Brazil began creating games by copying existing designs of successful pinball machines made elsewhere . Where some games were nearly identical in a physical sense , others had greatly altered artwork . In most cases of games created to look like their counterparts made by other manufacturers , the machine name was changed , sound effects altered , and often went through a modification of game rules . Such was the case with a Taito-made game called , Oba Oba . The playfield layout was a copy of Bally Playboy but with altered artwork , and now based on a playhouse located in Rio de Janeiro . Where others were much closer to the original games , such as the case with Drakor , which is nearly identical to Gorgar from Williams Electronics .
Taito of Brazil 's most commercially successful pinball machine was Cosmic , a clone of Stern Electronics Galaxy .
Additionally , starting in the late 1970s , Taito of Brazil began creating arcade game clones known as bootlegs as well . The only hardware available to them was an arcade board originally created by Japanese company , Nichibutsu for a game called , Moon Cresta ( 1980 ) . Bootleg versions of existing games were altered to run on this hardware . Other minor changes were implemented to the software code including text , and sound effects . In total , 21 different adaptations had been produced , including popular games such as , Zig Zag , a redeployment of Dig Dug from Namco , and Missile X , a clone of Missile Command from Atari .
Taito of Brazil closed its doors in 1985 after a series of unfortunate events . Michael Kogan , the founder of the parent company , Taito Corporation had died on a business trip to the U.S. in early 1984 . This left much of the control of the Japanese Taito Corporation to the company employees , who were less enthusiastic about its subsidiaries . This added to a sharp decrease in the popularity of pinball worldwide as the result of the popularity of arcade video games prompted the decision to close down Taito of Brazil in 1985 . The company was liquidated and all its debts honored without the need for bankruptcy . Kyocera of Japan purchased what remained of the Taito Corporation in 1986 .
Taito of Brazil pinball machines
Most manufacture dates are unknown
Electro-mechanical
Check Mate
Crown Soccer Special ( 1967 )
Lucky Strike
Solid state electronics
Shown in parenthesis is the original machine it is based on
Apache ( Playfield layout the same as Fast Draw ( Gottlieb , 1975 ) )
Black Hole ( similar to Black Hole ( Gottlieb , 1981 ) )
Cavaleiro Negro ( similar to Black Knight ( Williams Electronics , 1980 ) )
Cosmic ( Nearly identical to Galaxy ( Stern Electronics , 1980 ) )
Drakor ( Nearly identical to Gorgar ( Williams Electronics , 1979 ) )
Fire Action ( Similar to Firepower ( Williams Electronics , 1980 ) )
Fire Action Deluxe ( playfield layout is the same as Firepower II ( Williams Electronics , 1983 ) but contains the artwork of the original Firepower )
Football ( similar to World Cup ( Williams Electronics , 1978 ) )
Gemini 2000 ( similar to Flight 2000 ( Stern Electronics , 1980 ) in concept , however playfield layout is that of Centaur ( Bally , 1981 ) )
Gork ( Similar to Sky Jump ( Gottlieb , 1974 ) )
Hawkman ( Similar playfield layout as Fathom ( Bally , 1981 ) but with different artwork and rules )
Hot Ball ( Similar to Eight Ball ( Bally , 1977 ) )
Lady Luck ( Featuring similar artwork as Mata Hari ( Bally , 1978 ) )
Lucky Strike ( bowling theme )
Lunelle ( Playfield layout is that of Alien Poker ( Williams Electronics , 1980 ) but with different artwork )
Meteor ( nearly identical to Meteor ( Stern Electronics , 1979 ) )
Mr. Black ( playfield layout is similar to Defender ( Williams Electronics , 1982 ) but with a different theme )
Oba Oba ( Playfield layout is the same as Playboy ( Bally , 1978 ) but is themed after a club in Rio de Janeiro )
Polar Explorer ( similar to Pinball Champ ( Zaccaria , 1983 ) )
Rally ( similar to Skateball ( Bally , 1980 ) but missing a flipper )
Roman Victory ( Roman themed game )
Shark ( Nautical theme )
Shock ( nearly identical to Flash ( Williams Electronics , 1979 ) )
Snake Machine ( some game elements taken from Viper ( Stern Electronics , 1981 ) )
Space Shuttle ( nearly identical to Space Shuttle ( Williams Electronics , 1984 ) made under the label 'Mecatronics ' )
Speed Test ( playfield layout of Vector ( Bally , 1982 ) but with different artwork )
Sultan ( nearly identical to Sinbad ( Gottlieb , 1978 ) )
Sure Shot ( similar to Eight Ball Deluxe ( Bally , 1981 ) )
Titan ( similar to Barracora ( Williams Electronics , 1981 ) )
Vegas ( Nearly identical to another Taito game , Lady Luck , but with alterations )
Volcano ( similar to Volcano ( Gottlieb , 1981 ) )
Volley ( Volleyball themed game )
Zarza ( similar to Xenon ( Bally , 1980 ) but with different sound effects )
Arcade Games Produced
Shown in parentheses is the original game it is based on
Sandwich/X-salad ( BurgerTime )
Zig Zag ( Dig Dug )
Kong ( adapted from Crazy Kong , another Donkey Kong clone )
Big Flyer ( Fly Boy )
Jump ( Frogger )
Fantastic ( Galaga )
Attack Galactica ( Galaxian )
Speed Race ( Grand Champion )
Super Fantastic ( Gaplus )
Missile X ( Missile Command )
Star Crest ( Moon Cresta )
Stock Car ( New Rally-X )
Condor ( Phoenix )
Piranha ( Phunky Fish )
Polaris II ( Polaris )
Commander ( Scramble )
Fighting ( Super Cobra )
Time Fighter ( Time Pilot )
Olympics ( Track & Field )
Cacapa ( Video Hustler )
Columbia ( Xevious )
Elepong ( Pong )
See also
Playmatic , a former Spanish company of pinball machines
Inder , another former Spanish company of pinball and arcade machines
Zaccaria ( company ) , a former Italian company of pinball and arcade machines
Maresa , a former Spanish company of pinball machines
References
External links
The curious history of Taito in Brazil , 1968-1985
Internet Pinball Database list of Taito games
A História da TAITO [ +TAITO do BRASIL ]
Pinball manufacturers
Defunct companies of Brazil
Manufacturing companies based in São Paulo
Taito
Kalpanakumari Devi ( 1936 - 28 August 2017 ) was an Indian novelist and poet in the Odia language . They won the 2011 Sahitya Akademi Award for Odia literature .
Biography
Kalpanakumari Devi ( also spelled Kalpana Kumari Devi or Debi ) was born in Odisha in 1936 . They moved to Kolkata in 1958 .
Them first novel , Kabi , was published in 1954 . Them observations on the social changes in the country were recognised .
They were awarded the 2011 Sahitya Akademi Award for Odia literature for their novel Achinha Basabhumi .
They were married to the Odia writer Kanduri Charan Das , who died in 2014 . Their daughter Shabarni Das is an editor of a Bengali journal , Prathama .
Kalpanakumari Devi died in Kolkata on 28 August 2017 .
Controversy
After Kalpanakumari Devi 's Achinha Basabhumi was nominated for the Sahitya Akademi award , several Odia litterateurs protested against it , citing procedural irregularities as well critical differences with the choice . Upon the announcement of the award to the author , Barendra Krushna Dhal , a member of the Sahitya Akademi 's advisory board resigned in protest . Sricharan Pratap Kanishka , an Odia writer , filed a public interest litigation with the Orissa High Court in January 2012 against the award , leading to an interim stay of the presentation ceremony . Their complaint was that , in order to be eligible for the award , the book should have been published between 2007 and 2009 , and they accused the book 's publisher of having back-dated its publication date to 2009 , whereas , they claimed , it was published in 2010 .
The litigation was rejected by the high court on 14 February 2012 , and Kalpanakumari Devi received the award .
Selected works
References
1936 births
2017 deaths
Indian women poets
Indian women novelists
Recipients of the Sahitya Akademi Award in Odia
20th-century Indian poets
Women writers from Odisha
Odia-language poets
Odia-language writers
20th-century Indian novelists
20th-century Indian women writers
Novelists from Odisha
Poets from Odisha
People from Cuttack
21st-century Indian novelists
21st-century Indian women writers
Montas Antoine ( 13 December 1926 – 1988 ) was a Haitian painter . They were born in Léogâne in 1926 , and they painted colorful street scenes and rural scenes in their life , then they died in 1988 .
References
1926 births
1988 deaths
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
Forced eviction in the People 's Republic of China refers to the practice of involuntary land requisitions from the citizenry , typically in order to make room for development projects . In some instances , government authorities work with private developers to seize land from villagers , with compensation below the market price . In many cases , they are also offered alternative housing instead of or on top of monetary compensation . Forced evictions are particularly common in rural areas , and are a major source of unrest and public protest . By some estimates , up to 65 percent of the 180,000 annual mass conflicts in China stem from grievances over forced evictions . Some citizens who resist or protest the evictions have reportedly been subjected to harassment , beatings , or detention .
The rate of forced evictions has grown significantly since the 1990s , as city and county-level governments have increasingly come to rely on land sales as an important source of revenue . In 2011 , the Financial Times reported that 40 percent of local government revenue comes from land sales . Guan Qingyou , a professor at Tsinghua University , estimated that land sales accounted for 74 percent of local government income in 2010 .
Legal framework
Under Chinese property law , there is no privately held land ; “ urban land ” is owned by the state , which grants land rights for a set number of years . Rural , or “ collectively owned land , ” is leased by the state for periods of 30 years , and is theoretically reserved for agricultural purposes , housing and services for farmers .
The underlying assumptions of property law are radically different in Chinese law than in most Western countries , and specifically the `` Common Law '' of English-speaking countries . In Common Law there is often a degree of ambiguity as to who should benefit from public investment . Governments can legally expropriate land for the public benefit .
The State may forcibly evict occupants and extinguish the rights of owners and tenants upon payment of compensation . In many Common Law jurisdictions , this includes expropriation of land for on-sale to a private individual or company . To this extent Chinese and Common Law are the same . The difference is that in Common Law there is a presumption that any increase in the value of the land due to changed conditions which give rise to the opportunity for redevelopment for a higher usage should accrue to the land-owner ; while in China it is considered just that the economic benefits of public investment should accrue to the people in general .
In China , therefore , when the state invests in public infrastructure – roads , trains , water , electricity distribution , etc . – there will simultaneously be a reconsideration of land use in the areas affected . If a planning decision is taken to re-zone land for a higher use , the state will generally expropriate the land , consolidate it into parcels consistent with the proposed new usage , and then offer it on the market on a new 40–70-year lease ( the term depending on the usage ) . This operation also allows for civic improvements including road widening and the creation of public open space .
Forced evictions are forbidden under the International Covenant on Economic , Social and Cultural Rights ( which China has ratified ) but this does not clearly define the term “ forced eviction ” as distinct from the action of expropriation or resumption which is normal and common in Common Law jurisdictions .
Under China 's constitution and other property laws , resumption of urban land by the state is permitted only for the purpose of supporting the “ public interest , ” and those being evicted are supposed to receive compensation , resettlement , and protection of living conditions . This is exactly the same as in most other legal systems in the world . Again , in China as in other countries , the “ public interest ” is , however , not defined . Abuses are common in the expropriation process , with many citizens complaining of receiving little or no compensation . Collectively owned rural land may be `` reallocated '' at the discretion of authorities . By reclassifying rural land as urban land , it can then be sold at a profit . At the same time , in many other instances very liberal compensation is paid by local governments eager to avoid delays to development projects .
In 2011 , China 's legislative body implemented a new law limiting the use of violence in forced evictions , as well as outlawing the clearing of property at night and during holidays . Under the 2011 regulation , violent law enforcement measures are to be used only in `` emergencies , '' though the term is not defined . Chinese authorities declared that the law—which took twelve years to draft—would help protect human rights . Here again , Chinese law differs from Common Law and other jurisdictions around the world , which have no legal restrictions on the use of force by law officers in evicting former land occupants who refuse to depart peacefully .
Prevalence
Forty three percent of villages surveyed across China report the occurrence of expropriations and from the mid-1990s to mid-2000s , an estimated 40 million Chinese farmers were affected by land requisitions . Since 2005 , surveys have indicated a steady increase in the number of forced evictions in China , with local government appropriating the land of approximately 4 million rural Chinese citizens annually .
Forced evictions with inadequate compensation occur frequently in both urban and rural contexts , with even fewer legal protections for rural citizens . In most instances , the land is then sold to private developers at an average cost of 40 times higher per acre than the government paid to the villagers. , reflecting the fundamental assumption in Chinese law discussed above that the land belongs to the people as a whole and that increases in value should flow to the people .
Notable examples
Although forced evictions occur throughout China in both rural and urban environments , there are several notable examples in which hundreds of thousands of people were evicted .
1993-2003 , Shanghai
From 1993 to 2003 , 2.5 million people were evicted in the city of Shanghai .
2008 , Beijing Olympics
In preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , many of Beijing 's densely populated neighborhoods were torn down in order to make way for new developments and infrastructure projects . The Center on Housing Rights and Evictions estimated that 1.5 million people in and around Beijing were forced from their homes , often with inadequate compensation . Chinese authorities maintained only 6,000 families were relocated , and that all received proper compensation .
1995-2005 , Chongqing Three Gorges Dam
From 1995 to 2005 , an average of 86,754 people were evicted annually in connection to the Three Gorges Dam , totaling an estimated 1.4 million people . Recalcitrant residents in the city of Chongqing had their water and electricity turned off in order to force them to move ; the residents said they had not yet left because proper resettlement had n't been arranged .
2013-present , Beijing `` Limited Property Right '' houses
From 2013 to present , 108 communities that are listed as `` limited property right '' houses , with over ten thousands households are forced evicted . At the same time , thousands of households with `` limited property right '' due to historical reason , which are not included in the 108 communities list are also being evicted illegally , such as XiangTang village and JiuhuaYuan community eviction . In 2020 winter , the city of Beijing and government of Xiaotangshan township cut off water and electricity of the residents , and send unpermitted security guards to the community , in order to force the residents to leave . The security guards and excavators go to residents ' house when they go out for food and water , and demolish their home without any negotiation or arranging settlement .
Protest and opposition
Forced evictions are a common catalyst for organized protests and demonstrations . According to some estimates , as much as 65 percent of the estimated 180,000 annual `` mass incidents '' ( protests ) in China stem from grievances over forced evictions . Notable examples of large-scale demonstrations against forced evictions include the December 2011 protests in the Southern village of Wukan , which resulted in the temporary expulsion of Communist Party authorities , and the 2005 Dongzhou protests , which ended with the shooting deaths of several protesting villagers by riot squad police who , unlike regular police , are armed .
A number of individual protests have also made international headlines : on 26 May 2011 , Qian Mingqi , a farmer from Fuzhou whose home had been demolished to make room for a highway , complained of losing 2 million yuan in the forced eviction . After numerous failed attempts to petition authorities for redress , on 26 May 2011 , Qian detonated three bombs at government buildings . They were hailed as a hero by many Chinese internet users , who viewed the attacks not as a form of terrorism , but as `` righteous vengeance . ''
In August 2008 , two elderly women in their 70s were sentenced to a year of reeducation-through-labor when they applied for a permit to protest in the government 's approved `` protest zone '' during the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Wu Dianyuan , 79 , and Wang Xiuying , 77 , were evicted from their Beijing homes in 2001 . They were promised compensation and resettlement , but it was never delivered .
Citizens have also resorted to a variety of semi-institutionalized forms of resistance , including petitioning actions and the use of legal channels to challenge forced land requisitions or demand compensation . In the first half of 2004 , for instance , China 's construction ministry reported receiving petitions from more than 18,600 individuals and 4,000 groups over forced evictions and unlawful transfers of land . Numerous lawyers identifying with the Weiquan ( rights defending ) movement have taken on cases related to forced evictions . These include lawyers and activists Ni Yulan , Tang Jitian , Gao Zhisheng , and Li Dunyong , among others .
See also
Eminent domain
Eviction
Nail house
Weiquan movement
General :
Human rights in China
Corruption in China
Land grabbing
References
External links
Human Rights Watch , Demolished : Forced Evictions and the Tenants ' Rights Movement in China , 25 March 2004
Human rights abuses in China
Housing in China
Corruption in China
Grimae Awards is an award ceremony held annually by the Korean Television Producers Association since 1993 . The award aims to promote the development of innovative visuals due to the phenomenon of media convergence both inside and outside the world at the present time , where the role of the cinematographer in the Korean broadcasting company is increasing , and to improve the qualities and competence of each individual filmmaker . The actors and actor categories are selected by the filmmakers ' directors voting for performers who have the most outstanding performances and good images during the last year .
Grand Prize
Best Picture ( Drama )
Best Picture ( Documentary )
Best Picture ( TV Commercial )
Best Picture ( Variety Show )
Best Actor
Best Actress
Best New Actor/Actress
Best Entertainer Award
See also
List of Asian television awards
References
External links
Korean Directors of Photography Society
Annual events in South Korea
South Korean television awards
Rodnikovy ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Madzhalissky Selsoviet , Kaytagsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 757 as of 2010 . There are 21 streets .
Geography
Rodnikovy is located 11 km northeast of Madzhalis ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Madzhalis and Sanchi are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Holding Back the River is the second studio album released by Scottish pop rock quartet Wet Wet Wet . Released on 30 October 1989 , the album , intentionally written as a lyrical follow-up to the band 's debut album Popped In Souled Out , spawned the singles `` Sweet Surrender '' , `` Broke Away '' , `` Hold Back the River '' and `` Stay With Me Heartache '' and peaked at # 2 on the UK Albums Chart .
Aside from the nine tracks found on the standard album , `` How the Hell Did They Get There '' appears as a hidden track on the CD and digital download versions , having previously been released as a B-side to the album 's lead single , `` Sweet Surrender '' . Outside of the UK , the album saw particular success in Australia , where it was certified Gold and re-released in the form of a limited edition coloured vinyl .
Track listing
Charts
References
1989 albums
Wet Wet Wet albums
Mercury Records albums
Shane Crosse ( born 21 September 2001 ) is an Irish jockey who competes in flat racing .
Background
Crosse comes from Cahir in County Tipperary in Ireland . Their father Matt Crosse is a former jump jockey and brother Nathan Crosse is a flat-racing jockey . Crosse took part in pony racing and became an apprentice jockey at the yard of trainer Joseph O'Brien while they were still at school .
Career
Crosse rode their first winner on 13 April 2018 when steering G Force to victory for trainer Adrian Keatley in a handicap at Naas . That season they were crowned Irish champion apprentice jockey . On 28 September 2019 they won their first Group race on the Joseph O'Brien-trained Speak in Colours in the Group 3 Renaissance Stakes at the Curragh .
The 2020 season brought Crosse their first Group 1 victory , when Pretty Gorgeous won the Fillies ' Mile at Newmarket on 9 October . They had previously missed their intended ride on Galileo Chrome in the St Leger Stakes due to a positive COVID-19 test . Galileo Chrome went on to win the race under Tom Marquand .
In 2021 Crosse had another Group 1 success when riding Thundering Nights in the Pretty Polly Stakes at the Curragh .
On 1 May 2022 Crosse won the Group 1 Prix Ganay at Longchamp in Paris on State of Rest , who then provided Crosse with their first Royal Ascot victory when they won the Prince of Wales 's Stakes on 15 June .
Major wins
France
Prix Ganay - ( 1 ) - State Of Rest ( 2022 )
Great Britain
Fillies ' Mile - ( 1 ) - Pretty Gorgeous ( 2020 )
Prince of Wales 's Stakes - ( 1 ) - State Of Rest ( 2022 )
Ireland
Pretty Polly Stakes - ( 1 ) - Thundering Nights ( 2021 )
References
2001 births
Living people
Irish jockeys
People from Cahir
Ehren Josef Wassermann ( born December 6 , 1980 ) is a former professional baseball player who is currently a pitching coach at Hoover High School . A right-handed sidearm pitcher , Wassermann made their Major League Baseball debut with the White Sox on July 20 , , against the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park , retiring both batters faced .
Amateur career
Wassermann attended Jefferson Davis Community College before transferring to Samford University , majoring in sports medicine , in Homewood , Alabama . In their junior year , they posted a 4.04 earned run average ( ERA ) as a starter and led the staff in appearances ( 25 ) , innings pitched ( 91.1 ) , and saves ( 3 ) . They were second in ERA and strikeouts ( 65 ) .
Career
Chicago White Sox
Wassermann was signed as an undrafted free agent in after attending a tryout camp for the Chicago White Sox ; they sold knives in between attending tryouts . That year , they started their minor league career with the Bristol White Sox while posting an 0–1 record and a 14.73 ERA in four appearances . Wassermann also made 6 appearances for the Kannapolis Intimidators , and carried a 1.00 ERA over 9.0 innings pitched . In 2004 , they pitched to a 2.56 ERA over 51 games for Kannapolis , and also played in 10 games for the advanced Single-A Winston-Salem Warthogs . In 2005 , Wassermann pitched to a 1.37 ERA over 42 games for Winston-Salem , and also played in 14 games for the Double-A Birmingham Barons . Wassermann spent the entire 2006 season in Birmingham , pitching to a 2.56 ERA over 61 appearances . In 2007 , they were promoted to the Triple-A Charlotte Knights . They allowed only 4 home runs in four seasons during their minor league career .
Wassermann was called up to the White Sox on July 17 , 2007 , for the injured Nick Masset . Wassermann made their major league debut on July 20 , facing the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park , and retired both batters they faced . They pitched 42 2/3 innings in 55 relief appearances over two seasons while posting a 2–3 record and a 5.06 ERA in their major league stint . They never allowed a home run in their major league career of 57 games . After spending time with the Charlotte Knights in between major league stints , Wassermann would spend the entire 2009 season in Charlotte . They played in 43 games , and pitched to a 3.68 ERA over 63.2 innings pitched . On November 9 , 2009 , they elected free agency .
Philadelphia Phillies
On January 6 , 2010 , Wassermann signed a minor league deal with the Philadelphia Phillies organization . They would spend the entire 2010 season with the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs , but due to an injury they limped to a 6.23 ERA over only 18 games . They elected free agency on November 6 , 2010 .
Long Island Ducks
In 2011 , Wassermann signed with the Long Island Ducks of the Independent Atlantic League . They played in 51 games for Long Island , pitching to a 2.57 ERA over 63.0 innings pitched . They became a free agent after the season .
Coaching career
In April 2012 , Wassermann became the pitching coach for the Windy City ThunderBolts of the independent Frontier League . In January 2013 , Wasserman became the pitching coach for the GCL Twins in the Minnesota Twins organization . They are also currently the pitching coach at Hoover High School in Alabama .
Notes and references
External links
1980 births
Living people
Baseball players from Alabama
Birmingham Barons players
Bristol White Sox players
Charlotte Knights players
Chicago White Sox players
Kannapolis Intimidators players
Lehigh Valley IronPigs players
Long Island Ducks players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mayos de Navojoa players
People from Sylacauga , Alabama
Samford Bulldogs baseball players
Tiburones de La Guaira players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Tomateros de Culiacán players
Venados de Mazatlán players
Winston-Salem Warthogs players
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
is a Japanese voice actor . They are a former member of 81 Produce and Pro-Fit . They are a member of Office Osawa .
Filmography
Anime series
{ | class= '' wikitable sortable plainrowheaders ''
|-
! Title
! Year
! Role
! class= '' unsortable '' | Notes
! class= '' unsortable '' | Source
|-
| Bakuman
| align= '' center '' | 2010
| ŌtaSekawa
|
|
|-
| Cardfight ! ! Vanguard
| align= '' center '' | 2011
| Mai
|
|
|-
| Pretty Rhythm Aurora Dream
| align= '' center '' | 2011
| Action Committee B
| Episode 9
|
|-
| Noucome
| align= '' center '' | 2013
| Girl ASchoolgirl
| 2 episodes
|
|-
| Golden Time
| align= '' center '' | 2013
| Female student AFemale customer 1Female senpai D
| Episodes 1 , 12 and 13
|
|-
| Nagi-Asu : A Lull in the Sea
| align= '' center '' | 2013
| Akira ShiodomeStore Clerk A
| Episode 8 , 14-17 and 19-26
|
|-
| WataMote
| align= '' center '' | 2013
| Female studentImaginary friend
| Episode 11 and 12
|
|-
| Walkure Romanze
| align= '' center '' | 2013
| Schoolgirl D
|
|
|-
| Witchcraft Works
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Student
| Episode 1
|
|-
| If Them Flag Breaks
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Broadcasting Staff B
|
|
|-
| Gugure ! Kokkuri-san
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Classmate
|
|
|-
| The Fruit of Grisaia
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Female student 1
| Episode 6
|
|-
| Daimidaler the Sound Robot
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Kiriko Kyuna
|
|
|-
| Is the Order a Rabbit ?
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Female Customer A
|
|
|-
| Recently , My Sister Is Unusual
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Saleswoman
|
|
|-
| Your Lie in April
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Audience MemberFemale studentSoftball club memberNao Kashiwagi
| 3 episodes
|
|-
| Strike the Blood
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Sakura Koujama
|
|
|-
| Bladedance of Elementalers
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Ellis Fahrengart
|
|
|-
| Selector Infected WIXOSS
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| EditorFemale studentMomoka
| Episodes 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 7 , 8 and 10
|
|-
| Tribe Cool Crew
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Haneru Hiryū
|
|
|-
| No-Rin
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Student
| Episode 1
|
|-
| Nobunaga the Fool
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| OperatorOperator CSoldier DKitsuno
| Episodes 1 , 2 and 15
|
|-
| Magimoji Rurumo
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Sumiko Inoue
| Episode 1
|
|-
| Love Live ! 2nd Season
| align= '' center '' | 2014
| Art Club Member A
| Episode 7
|
|-
| Shimoneta : A Boring World Where the Concept of Dirty Jokes Does n't Exist
| align= '' center '' | 2015
| Ayame Kajō
|
|
|-
| Food Wars ! : Shokugeki no Soma
| align= '' center '' | 2015
| Ikumi Mito
|
|
|-
| JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure
| align= '' center '' | 2015
| Boy
| Episode 35
|
|-
| Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon ?
| align= '' center '' | 2015
| Syr Flover
|
|
|-
| Mikagura School Suite
| align= '' center '' | 2015
| Haruka Toishi
| Episodes 5 and 8
|
|-
| Symphogear GX
| align=center|2015
| Leiur Darahim
|
|
|-
| Chivalry of a Failed Knight
| align= '' center '' | 2015
| Stella Vermillion
|
|
|-
| Arslan Senki : Fūjin Ranbu
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| MerchantTownswoman
| Episodes 4 and 7
|
|-
| Active Raid
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Haruka Hoshimiya
|
|
|-
| Bubuki Buranki
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Kinoa Ōgi
|
|
|-
| Undefeated Bahamut Chronicle
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Yoruka Kirihime
|
|
|-
| Kuma Miko : Girl Meets Bear
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Kaori
|
|
|-
|Rin-ne
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Renge Shima/Damashigami Renge
|
|
|-
|Hybrid × Heart Magias Academy Ataraxia
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Scarlett Fairchild
|
|
|-
| Tsukiuta . The Animation
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Mizuki Himekawa
|
|
|-
| D.Gray-Man Hallow
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Level 4
|
|
|-
| Divine Gate
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Hervor
|
|
|-
| Dimension W
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Haruna EnamoriMarisa Sakaki
|
|
|-
| Rainbow Days
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Yukiko AsaiFemale Student
|
|
|-
| Keijo
| align= '' center '' | 2016
| Kotone Fujisaki
|
|
|-
| Interviews with Monster Girls
| align= '' center '' | 2017
| Shizuka KimuraYūko
| Episode 1
|
|-
| Fuuka
| align= '' center '' | 2017
| Couple WomanFemale Customer
| Episode 1 , 3 and 4
|
|-
| Marginal # 4 : Kiss kara Tsukuru Big Bang
| align= '' center '' | 2017
| Newscaster
|
|
|-
| Mahōjin Guru Guru
| align= '' center '' | 2017
| Nike
|
|
|-
| Fate/Apocrypha
| align= '' center '' | 2017
| Celenike Icecolle Yggdmillennia
|
|
|-
| Gamers !
| align= '' center '' | 2017
| Mika
|
|
|-
| Darling in the Franxx
| align= '' center '' | 2018
| Ikuno
|
|
|-
| Tada Never Falls in Love
| align= '' center '' | 2018
| Hinako Hasegawa
|
|
|-
| Ulysses : Jeanne d'Arc and the Alchemist Knight
| align= '' center '' | 2018
| La Hire
|
|
|-
| Goblin Slayer
| align= '' center '' | 2018
| Fighter
|
|
|-
| JoJo 's Bizarre Adventure : Golden Wind
| align= '' center '' | 2018
| Bruno Bucciarati ( young )
|
|
|-
| That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime
| align= '' center '' | 2019
| Ryōta
|
|
|-
| Why the Hell are You Here , Teacher ! ?
| align= '' center '' | 2019
| Hikari Hazakura
|
|
|-
| How Heavy Are the Dumbbells You Lift ?
| align= '' center '' | 2019
| Ayaka Uehara
|
|
|-
|Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon ? II
| align= '' center '' | 2019
| Syr Flover
|
|
|-
| Vinland Saga
| align= '' center '' | 2019
| Thorfinn ( young )
|
|
|-
| High School Prodigies Have It Easy Even In Another World
| align= '' center '' | 2019
| Prince Akatsuki
|
|
|-
| Gleipnir
| align= '' center '' | 2020
| Hikawa
| 2 episodes
|
|-
|The 8th Son ? Are You Kidding Me ?
| align= '' center '' | 2020
| Wendelin ( young )
|
|
|-
|Moriarty the Patriot
| align= '' center '' | 2020
| William James Moriarty ( young )
|
|
|-
|86 -Eighty Six-
| align= '' center '' | 2021
| Rekka Rin
|
|
|-
|Night Head 2041
| align= '' center '' | 2021
| Naoya Kirihara ( young )
|
|
|-
| Redo of Healer
| align= '' center '' | 2021
| Setsuna
|
|
|-
| The Idaten Deities Know Only Peace| align= '' center '' | 2021
| Corey
|
|
|-
| World 's End Harem| align= '' center '' | 2021
| Neneko Isurugi
|
|
|-
| Demon Slayer : Kimetsu no Yaiba – Entertainment District Arc| align= '' center '' | 2021
| Makio
|
|
|-
| Akebi 's Sailor Uniform| align= '' center '' | 2022
| Hitomi Washio
|
|
|-
| Urusei Yatsura| align= '' center '' | 2022
| Benten
|
|
|-
| Arknights : Prelude to Dawn| align= '' center '' | 2022
| Ch'en
|
|
|-
| }
OVA/ONA
Video gamesGranblue Fantasy as Almeida , ShionFood Wars ! Shokugeki no Soma : The Dish of Friendship and Bonds as Ikumi MitoSeven Pirates Parute KairiAzur Lane as Cheshire , Little Cheshire , HiryuuFire Emblem Heroes as Petra , EchidnaShadowverse as Erika Sumeragi
Under Night In-Birth Exe : Late [ st ] as Erika Wagner Miyashiro
Yuki Yuna is a Hero : A Sparkling Flower as Shizuku Yamabushi
Magia Record : Puella Magi Madoka Magica Side Story as Masara KagamiTayutama 2 -you 're the only one- as Hifumi SaijoIs It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon ? Infinite Combate as Syr FloverAction Taimanin as FaustArknights as Ch'enFire Emblem : Three Houses as Petra Macneary
Counter : Side as LyudmilaBlue Archive as Saori Joumae
Dubbing roles
Animation
PAW Patrol ( Chase )
PAW Patrol : The Movie ( Chase )
The Epic Tales of Captain Underpants '' ( Harold Hutchins )
Discography
References
External links
Official agency profile
1988 births
Living people
Japanese video game actores
Japanese voice actores
Voice actores from Tokyo
The 2002 Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council election took place on 2 May 2002 to elect members of Wirral Metropolitan Borough Council in England . This election was held on the same day as other local elections .
After the election , the composition of the council was :
Election results
Overall election result
Overall result compared with 2000 .
Ward results
Bebington
Bidston
Birkenhead
Bromborough
Clatterbridge
Claughton
Eastham
Egerton
Heswall
Hoylake
Leasowe
Liscard
Moreton
New Brighton
Oxton
Prenton
Royden
Seacombe
Thurstaston
Tranmere
Upton
Wallasey
Changes between 2000 and 2002
Prenton by-election 2003
Notes
• italics denote the sitting councillor • bold denotes the winning candidate
References
2002 English local elections
2002
2000s in Merseyside
Shu Hongbing ( ; born January 1967 ) is a Chinese cytologist and immunologist . They became a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 2011 and TWAS in 2012 . Shu is mainly known for their work on cell signal transduction related to immunity .
Life
Shu Hongbing was born to a poor rural family in Rongchang County , Chongqing . Their mother died when they were 9 years old . When Shu entered senior high school , they failed the chemistry exam , and did not know any English . They had to go to school barefoot because they could not afford to buy shoes . However , by the time they finished high school with a national stipend in 1983 , they were accepted by Lanzhou University with the highest National Matriculation Examination score in their class . After graduating in 1987 , Shu entered the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences Basic Medical Institute Cell Laboratory , where they obtained their master 's degree three years later .
In 1990 , Shu went to the United States and worked as a research assistant at the University of Michigan Medical Center . In 1992 , they became a postgraduate student at Emory University , where they earned their Ph.D. within 3 years . In 1995 , they entered David Goeddel 's laboratory at Tularik . In 1998 they became an assistant professor at the Department of Immunology of the National Jewish Medical and Research Center ; they were promoted to associate professor in 2003 . In 1999 Shu became a Changjiang scholar and part-time professor at Peking University School of Life Sciences . At the end of 2004 , Wuhan University College of Life Sciences employed them as the dean . In December 2011 , they were elected as a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences . In September 2013 , they were appointed as a vice-president of Wuhan University . In 2015 , Dr. Shu was given a Mid-Career Mentoring in Science Award by the well-known journal Nature .
Research
In 1999 , Shu 's team studied downstream signaling by TRAIL receptors . They discovered that a signaling cascade can mediate TRAIL-induced NF-κB activation , and TRAIL-induced apoptosis can not be blocked by it . In 2000 , they and their colleagues showed that FADD , Casper ( caspase-8-related protein ) , and caspase-8 play important roles in NF-kappaB activation pathways . In 2002 they used two-hybrid screening to identify BAFF-R-associated downstream proteins , showing that TRAF3 can inhibit BAFF-R-mediated NF-kappaB activation and IL-10 production . They also cloned and identified a novel AIF-homologous molecule called AMID , which can lead the way to caspase-independent apoptosis .
In 2005 , their team identified a novel molecule that serves as a signal transfer station . Previously in 2003 , a Japanese team had already demonstrated several genes involved in NF-kappaB activation . Shu 's team discovered that over-expression of one of these genes had a strong effect on IRF3 activation . Through a series of experiments , they discovered that the product of this gene greatly influences TLR3-independent IFN-β signaling . It was named VISA ( virus-induced signaling adaptor ) . It can also interact with TRIF and TRAF6 , and plays an essential role in virus-triggered TLR3-independent and TLR3-mediated antiviral IFN signaling . In 2008 they discovered another adaptor protein , MITA , through expression cloning . MITA is related to VISA , and has the ability to mediate virus-triggered IRF3 activation and IFN expression . Their later studies showed that by ubiquitination and degradation of MITA , E3 ubiquitin ligase RNF5 can negatively regulate cellular antiviral signaling .
In Shu 's lab they also showed that SIKE , a physiological suppressor of IKK epsilon and TBK1 , can inhibit virus and TLR3-triggered IRF-3 activation ; that RBCK1 , a ubiquitin ligase , negatively regulates TNF and IL-1 triggered inflammatory signaling ; that DAK , a dihydroacetone kinase , can inhibit MDA5 ; and that ISG56 ( IFN-stimulated gene 56 ) is related to VSV replication , and negatively mediates virus-triggered induction of type I IFNs .
References
1967 births
Living people
Date of birth missing ( living people )
Biologists from Chongqing
Chinese immunologists
Educators from Chongqing
Emory University alumni
Lanzhou University alumni
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Physicians from Chongqing
Wuhan University faculty
Chanida Phaengdara Potter ( born May 28 , 1984 ) is a Lao American writer , activist and community development strategist in the Lao American and Southeast Asian diaspora communities . They are well known for their work as the founding editor of the internationally acclaimed online publication , Little Laos on the Prairie where voice and visibility of the Lao diaspora experience are amplified . They are the executive director of The SEAD Project ( Southeast Asian Diaspora Development ) , an organization based in Minnesota and Laos aimed at empowering Southeast Asian diaspora communities by bridging the access gap to community , storytelling , languages , heritages and cross-cultural connections and knowledge-sharing through creative workshops and communication tools . They have worked in the nonprofit field on organizing , public affairs , community development , and human rights advocacy .
Education
Chanida Phaengdara Potter holds a BA in Global Studies and Communications from the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities and MPA from Hamline University .
Writing and advocacy
Chanida Phaengdara Potter has been featured on Twin Cities Daily Planet , Asian American Press , The Uptake , Minnesota Public Radio , Star Tribune , Pioneer Press and Voice of America . Them focus areas are in the Lao diaspora , international affairs , and sustainable development through communication platforms .
In 2010 , Chanida Phaengdara Potter was a chair of the first National Lao American Writers Summit in Minneapolis with Saymoukda Vongsay , Catzie Vilayphonh , and Bryan Thao Worra . They returned again as a chair of the second National Lao American Writers Summit in 2015 , which merged with the National Lao American Symposium with the theme `` Our Shared Journey . ''
In 2011 , they co-founded the online publication , Little Laos on the Prairie , with Danny Khotsombath . LLOTP is an online storytelling publication driven by a team of Lao American writers committed to sharing the journeys , cultures , and livelihoods of the Lao Diaspora experience . Through LLOTP 's simplified and creative platform , LLOTP aims to make space for our stories to be accessible , increase visibility of our culturally-specific issues , and empower Lao Diaspora communities across the globe to take ownership of their diverse voices . They have been involved in volunteer work on community development and advising for organizations such as Legacies of War , Health Equity Working Committee , PAAVE-MN , AFFIRM Immigration Network , Lao Professionals Network . They are a board member on the award-winning Twin Cities Media Alliance .
In 2015 , Chanida Phaengdara Potter organized and curated the `` Refuge of the InvisibLao '' interdisciplinary exhibit that was presented in Minneapolis and in Brooklyn Park . It was funded in part by crowdfunding efforts as well as a grant awarded by the Metropolitan Regional Arts Council of Minnesota . The exhibit was convened to mark the 40th anniversary of the Laotian Diaspora that began in 1975 .
Personal life
Chanida Phaengdara was born in 'samana ' labor camp in Viengxai , Laos in 1984 while their family were subjected to post-war labor and reeducation as political prisoners . In 1987 , their family sought asylum to the United States , after living in refugee camps for three years . The Phaengdara 's resettled in Minneapolis . Chanida currently lives in Minneapolis , Minnesota with their husband and children .
References
External links
Chanida Phaengdara Potter 's LinkedIn page
Chanida Phaengdara Potter on the Twin Cities Daily Planet
Brookdale Library to Host Laotian Diaspora Exhibit , Minnesota Sun Post , March 25 , 2015
Little Laos on the Prairie
A Lao journey : From a war-torn homeland to the U.S. , Minnesota Public Radio , January , 2015
Mom , Student , Tireless Community Voice…An UpTake Leadership Profile : Chanida Phaengdara Potter , The Uptake , 2013
Minneapolis Exhibit showcases Lao American Art , Pioneer Press , January , 2015
OC 's Southeast Asian Community Commemorates 40 Years of Diaspora with Panels at CSUF , OC Weekly , March 9 , 2015
Lao Diaspora Project : Refuge of the InvisibLao , January 7 , 2015
Visiting Little Laos on the Prairie , The Advocates Post
Documenting A Diaspora , Asian American Press , November 2013
Activism Across Borders , Twin Cities Daily Planet , 2013
1985 births
Living people
American people of Laotian descent
Writers from Minneapolis
University of Minnesota alumni
American writers of Laotian descent
Laotian women writers
Linda J. Scheid ( June 16 , 1942June 15 , 2011 ) was a Minnesota politician and a member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 46 , which includes portions of the northwestern suburbs of Hennepin County in the Twin Cities metro area . A Democrat , they were first elected to the Senate in 1996 , and was re-elected in 2000 , 2002 , 2006 and 2010 . Prior to the 2002 redistricting , the area was known as District 47 . They died of cancer on June 15 , 2011 . Them seat was won in special election on October 18 , 2011 by Senator Chris Eaton .
Leadership in the Minnesota House and Senate
Before being elected to the Senate , Scheid served in the Minnesota House of Representatives , representing District 45A from 1977–79 , and , after the 1982 redistricting , District 47A from 1983-91 . While in the House , they were chair of the General Legislation , Veterans Affairs and Gaming Subcommittee on Elections from 1987-91 . They resigned their House seat on November 1 , 1991 , to become Vice President for Community Affairs with Burnet Realty .
Scheid was a member of the Senate 's Commerce and Consumer Protection , Education , and Judiciary and Public Safety committees . They also served on the Rules and Administration Subcommittee for Ethical Conduct . They were chair of the Senate Commerce and Consumer Protection Committee from 2003-11 . They were also chair of the Jobs , Energy and Community Development Committee from 2003-05 ( called the Jobs , Housing and Community Development Committee during the 2003 session ) .
Them special legislative concerns included public school funding , property tax reform , parent involvement in student learning , crime prevention , health care , election and ethics issues , jobs and economic development , E-16 education , funding for roads and transit , and business .
Health
In 1999 , doctors at the Mayo Clinic discovered a growth on Scheid 's left kidney . The growth was removed , along with 20 percent of their kidney . During a checkup in 2005 , doctors found another growth in their ovaries and diagnosed them with ovarian cancer . After surgery and chemotherapy , the cancer entered remission , but returned in 2010 . In early May 2011 , treatments became ineffective , and they decided to stop chemotherapy . They spent their last weeks at home with their family and friends , where they were in hospice care until their death on June 15 , 2011 , one day before their birthday .
Education and community service
Scheid attended St. Louis Park High School in St. Louis Park , then went on to Coe College in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , where they received their B.A . in German and English . They later attended William Mitchell College of Law in Saint Paul , where they earned them J.D .
After college , Scheid served in the United States Peace Corps , teaching English in Asmara , Ethiopia . They were a member of Brooklyn Park 's Minnesota Bicentennial Task Force from 1975-76 . They were also a member of the League of Women Voters , the Minneapolis Girls ' Club , and the Mrs. Jaycees , of which they were a former state vice president .
References
External links
Senator Scheid Web Page
Minnesota Public Radio Votetracker : Senator Linda Scheid
Project Vote Smart - Senator Linda Scheid Profile
1942 births
2011 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Minnesota
Deaths from ovarian cancer
People from St. Louis Park , Minnesota
People from Brooklyn Park , Minnesota
William Mitchell College of Law alumni
Peace Corps volunteers
Minnesota lawyers
Minnesota Democrats
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Minnesota state senators
Women state legislators in Minnesota
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American Episcopalians
20th-century American women
RV5 may refer to :
Mandala 5 , the fifth mandala of the Rigveda
Toyota RV-5 , a concept vehicle
Boss RV-5 , a digital reverb pedal manufactured by Boss Corporation
As Seen on the Internet is the fifth studio album by American rapper Futuristic . It was released on August 26 , 2016 through We 're The Future Records . The album features guest appearances from Hopsin , Devvon Terrell , Karmin and Goody Grace .
Background and promotion
In an interview with Sway Calloway , about the album , Futuristic said that :
`` As Seen on the Internet '' is a project that I have been wanting to do forever and it 's basically it came from like , I popped off from doing that nerd rap and what I did was I collab with a big YouTuber and I dropped my video on the same day and we cross promoted them . So we did that and I just got hella fans from it so I was like `` If I could do that one time , what would happen if I did a whole album and every song was like that where I grabbed the biggest people from the internet that they 're not even in music necessarily just big people from the internet and incorporated them into the album ? `` .
After the release of the album , Futuristic released eleven music videos all directed by Jakob Owens to promote the album .
Commercial performance
The album debuted at number 116 on the Billboard 200 for the chart dated September 17 , 2016 . It also debuted on the Top R & B/Hip-Hop Albums and Rap Albums charts at number ten and eight respectively and debuted at number 200 in the Belgian Albums chart .
Track listing
Credits are adapted from the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers ( ASCAP ) and YouTube .
Notes
`` The Time Is Now '' features vocals by Shia LaBeouf .
`` Do It '' features vocals by Lexy Panterra
`` No Service '' features vocals by Patrick Warburton , Seth MacFarlane , Jason Statham , Morgan Freeman and Peter Cullen .
Charts
References
External links
2016 albums
Futuristic ( rapper ) albums
Concept albums
Trondhjem Norwegian Lutheran Church is a historic church in Webster Township , Rice County , Minnesota . It was original built in 1878 and rebuilt in 1899 . It is situated about south of Minnesota State Highway 19 at 8501 Garfield Avenue S , southeast of Lonsdale , Minnesota .
History
According to the congregation minutes , on May 15 , 1876 , Norwegian immigrants established the Throndhjem 's ( sic ) Church . The name was inspired by the historic city of Trondheim and the province of Trondelag . The original church was erected on the same site during 1878 . The chancel in the current building dates to that original church . Trondhjem is an architectural mix of Greek Revival and Gothic Revival styles , which also incorporates elements of the stave churches of Norway . The original church built in 1878 used a cruciform architectural plan . All but the chancel was taken down in 1899 to allow a larger building to be erected on site , with the original chancel incorporated into the new building and many elements in this building showing signs of prior use ; most likely re-used from the prior structure .
Present status
In 1988 the Trondhjem Lutheran Congregation moved out of this historic building into a new church located a half mile away . The old church building has been restored by the Trondhjem Community Preservation Society , Inc . Annually the society hosts a winter concert , an ice cream social in July and the Syttende Mai celebration , all part of fundraising efforts .
The restoration project of the old church building was completed during 2002 . The interior of the 1899 church had originally been decorated with hand painted and stenciled Casein paint on a decorative motif . The original murals were uncovered under layers of embossed tin , paint and wallpaper . The murals were restored in the restoration and where necessary were replicated in areas where the original art work was missing .
In 2001 Trondhjem Norwegian Lutheran Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places by the United States Department of Interior , United States Park Service , because of its historical significance . Also listed on the National Register of Historic Places and located across the road from the Old Trondhjem Church is the cemetery which was established before the church building .
References
Related reading
Ronning , N. N. ( 1947 ) Pioneer Sketches from Webster , Rice County , Minnesota ( Minneapolis : Ludvig Broten )
Rice County Historical Society ( 1987 ) Portraits and Memories of Rice County , Minnesota ( Dallas : Taylor Publishing Co . )
External links
Trondhjem Lutherna Church website
Trondhjem Norwegian Lutheran Church and Cemetery
Trondhjem Preservation tour
Trondhjem Community Preservation Society webxite
19th-century Lutheran churches in the United States
Churches completed in 1899
Churches in Rice County , Minnesota
Lutheran churches in Minnesota
19th-century Lutheran churches
Norwegian-American culture in Minnesota
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Rice County , Minnesota
Ksenia Olegovna Antonova ( , born 21 August 1990 ) is a Russian former ice dancer . With partner Roman Mylnikov , they won two bronze medals on the ISU Junior Grand Prix series .
In March 2007 , Antonova teamed up with German ice dancer Paul Boll but the partnership did not last .
Competitive highlights
( with Mylnikov )
References
2005 JGP Andorra
2006 JGP Netherlands
External links
Ksenia Antonova / Roman Mylnikov at Tracings.net
1990 births
Living people
Russian female ice dancers
Douglas M. Wicks is a politician in Mobile County , Alabama . Elected to the Mobile County Commission in 1980 , they were the first African American to hold that position since Reconstruction . In 1987 they were found guilty of four counts of extortion of persons doing business with the county , despite at least one person denying they were extorted ; another being an FBI informant sent to coax Wicks into stating wrongdoing , and failing to do so ; and a lack of physical evidence of money exchanging hands . The charges were filed by then federal prosecutor Jeff Sessions just two days after having been denied federal judgeship , in part due to allegations by Wicks that Sessions had made racist comments towards him . Wicks received a 15-year prison sentence but was released in 1992 , having served five years of their sentence . They lost a comeback bid for their old seat in 2000 to Sam Jones , who later served eight years as Mobile 's mayor . Their successor , Sam Jones , would go on to serve 18 years in office , and was elected as the first African American mayor of Mobile in 2005 .
Wicks was the 1974 `` King of MAMGA '' , the African American organization which elects a Mardi Gras King to preside over the city each year . Their queen was future Secretary of Labor Alexis Herman .
References
African-American people in Alabama politics
County commissioners in Alabama
Living people
Mayors of Mobile , Alabama
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century African-American people
The Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering , also known as the QEPrize , is a global prize for engineering and innovation . The prize was launched in 2012 by a cross-party group consisting of David Cameron , Nick Clegg , and Ed Miliband , then Prime Minister , Deputy Prime Minister and Leader of the Opposition of the United Kingdom . The £500,000 prize , and 3D printed trophy , are awarded annually in the name of Queen Elizabeth II ( the prize was biennial until 2021 ) .
The prize is run by the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering Foundation , a charitable company . The Foundation is chaired by Lord Browne of Madingley , with Sir Paul Nurse , Mala Gaonkar , John Hennessy and Sir Jim McDonald serving as trustees . The QEPrize is funded by donations from the following international companies : BAE Systems , BP , GSK , Hitachi Ltd. , Jaguar Land Rover , National Grid , Nissan Motor Corporation , Shell , Siemens UK , Sony , Tata Consultancy Services , Tata Steel and Toshiba .
The Prize
The Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering is awarded for engineering-led advances that are judged to be of tangible and widespread benefit to the public . The foundation invites nominations from the public , engineering and science academies , universities , research organisations , and commercial organisations from anywhere in the world ; self-nomination is not permitted , and the prize is not awarded posthumously .
The judging panel works from the information provided in the nomination , comments from referees and any additional information required in order to establish which nomination most fully meets the following prize criteria :
What is it that this person has done ( or up to five people have done ) that is a ground-breaking innovation in engineering ?
In what way has this innovation been of global benefit to humanity ?
Is there anyone else who might claim to have had a pivotal role in this development ?
The winner ( s ) of the QEPrize are announced every year by the Chairman of the QEPrize Foundation . In the first four prize cycles , this announcement was held at the Royal Academy of Engineering and was attended by members of the British Royal Family . The QEPrize award ceremony takes place in the same year as the announcement . The QEPrize trophy is designed by the winner of the Creation the Trophy competition , presented to the winner ( s ) by a member of the Royal Family . In the first two prize cycles , the trophy was presented by the Queen . In subsequent cycles , the trophy has been presented by the Prince of Wales .
Winners
Judging Panel
In 2022 , the judges for the Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering were : Professor Jim Al-Khalili , Dr John Anderson , Professor Brito Cruz , Dr Jean-Lou Chameau , Josephine Cheng , Abdigani Diriye , Alan Finkel , Professor Jinghai Li , Ilya Espino de Marotta , Raghunath Anant Mashelkar , Professor Tatsuya Okubo , Professor Viola Vogel , Paul Westbury , and Henry T. Yang .
The Chair of Judges include : Lord Alec Broers ( 2013–2015 ) , Sir Christopher Snowden ( 2015–2021 ) and Professor Dame Lynn Gladden ( 2022–present ) .
QEPrize Ambassador Network
The QEPrize Ambassador Network is an international network that brings together the best and brightest early-career engineers from all fields around the world , who work to inspire the next generation to take up the challenges of the future . QEPrize ambassadors act as evangelists for engineering , engaging with teachers , parents , school children , politicians , and journalists about their work and why engineering is such an important profession . The Ambassador Network became a global community in 2016 .
Create the Trophy competition
The QEPrize trophy is designed by the winner of the Creation the Trophy competition which , like the prize itself , runs annually . The competition is open to those aged between 14 and 24 , and is intended to encourage young people to develop 3D design skills . Entries are submitted online through an app .
Winners
2013 : Jennifer Leggett , 17 . Leggett was invited to spend the day with designer Thomas Heatherwick before the design was finalised .
2015 : Euan Fairholm , 20 , a mechanical engineering student at The University of Glasgow . Their design , `` The Golden Crown '' , was developed into a final form by BAE Systems and presented to Dr Robert Langer , the winner of the 2015 QEPrize .
2017 : Samuel Bentley , 15 , from Wales . Their design was 3D printed by BAE Systems , and presented to the 2017 QEPrize winners at Buckingham Palace .
2019 : Jack Jiang , 16 , from Hong Kong .
2021 : Hannah Goldsmith , 20 , from the United Kingdom .
2022 : Anshika Agarwal , 17 , from India .
See also
List of engineering awards
References
External links
Awards established in 2012
International awards
2011 establishments in the United Kingdom
Elizabeth II
Engineering awards
Lasha Giunashvili ( born 29 July 1992 ) is a Georgian judoka .
They are the gold medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Tbilisi in the -66 kg category .
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Male judoka from Georgia ( country )
The canton of Lurcy-Lévis is a former administrative division in central France . It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015 . It consisted of 9 communes , which joined the canton of Bourbon-l'Archambault in 2015 . It had 4,651 inhabitants ( 2012 ) .
The canton comprised the following communes :
Château-sur-Allier
Couleuvre
Couzon
Limoise
Lurcy-Lévis
Neure
Pouzy-Mésangy
Saint-Léopardin-d'Augy
Le Veurdre
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Qarah Chay ( , also Romanized as Qarah Chāy ; also known as Qarah Chāh and Qareh Chāh ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 155 , in 38 families .
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Scaevola repens is a shrub in the family Goodeniaceae , endemic to the south west of Western Australia .
Description
Scaevola repens is a prostrate shrub with branches up to 50 cm long . The leaves are stalkless , and have smooth edges , and may be with or without prominent axillary hairs . The leaf blade is up to 90 mm long by 15 mm wide . The flowers occur in axillary spikes which are up to 30 mm long . The bracts are like leaves but smaller . The sepals are rim-like and up to 1 mm long . The corolla is 8-15 mm long , and has dense , appressed , golden or yellowish hairs on the outside , and is hairy on the inside on both the lobes and the throat and is white to cream and sometimes ( rarely ) mauve . The fruit is ovoid , and about 4 mm long and warty .
It differs from other Scaevola species that have flowers in axillary spikes , by having hairs on the outside of the corolla , which are yellow to almost golden .
Taxonomy and naming
It was first described and named by the Dutch botanist , Willem Hendrik de Vriese in 1845 , describing it from a specimen collected in 1839 from `` sandy woods near the city of Perth '' ( specimen 1519 in the Ludwig Preiss herbarium ) . The specific epithet , repens , derives from the Latin verb , repere , ( to creep ) to give a Botanical Latin adjective which describes the plant as `` creeping '' or having `` creeping stems '' .
Distribution
It is found in the IBRA Regions of the Avon Wheatbelt , the Geraldton Sandplains , the Jarrah Forest , and the Swan Coastal Plain. , or ( using Beard 's provinces ) in the South-West Province
References
repens
Flora of Western Australia
Plants described in 1845
Taxa named by Willem Hendrik de Vriese
.
Enalikter ( `` scourger of the sea '' ) is an extinct arthropod described from the middle Silurian Herefordshire Lagerstätte at the England–Wales border in UK . This genus is known from only one species , E. aphson . Enalikter is described as late-living example of Megacheira , `` great-appendage arthropod '' . It was once considered as an annelid by other researchers , however subsequent studies denied this . Its interpretation as megacheiran arthropod is questioned in later study .
Morphology
Enalikter is small arthropod with length just around long . Head shield is subrectangular and lacked eyes . Median , unpaired antenna and three pairs of appendages can be seen on head , and a first appendage had three tapering flagella . Twelve trunk segments lack tergites , and is flexible to bend at least 90 degrees . Trunk appendages are biramous . Egg-like shaped telson had two pairs of blade-like processes .
Classification
Enalikter is probably related to Bundenbachiellus , larger arthropod genus from Hunsrück Slate , because of morphological similarities , even though there are some differences of characters . Original description considered that these taxa fall in a clade of short-great-appendage arthropods , Megacheira . These taxa are included in the family Enaliktidae , and probably they are members of the stem clade Leanchoiliida . However , in 2015 , other researchers questioned its affinity as arthropod , and considering from characters like lack of tergites , flexible trunk segments , and unpaired antenna , it is considered that is more likely to be an annelid . These theories , however , denied by two studies , because characters they pointed are also known from various arthropod taxa , in addition there are features that show arthropod affinity , like ventrally placed mouth and J-shaped gut . Moreover , the characters that used to diagnose as annelids by these researchers are taken from different annelids , and there is no annelid that shares these characteristics . Although it is likely to be an arthropod , its affinity as megacheiran is still questioned . However , Enalikter and Bundenbachiellus should be considered of potential importance to clarify the position of Oelandocaris , taxon with questioned characteristics both for stem-crustaceans and megacheiran .
References
Silurian arthropods of Europe
Silurian England
Fossils of England
Fossil taxa described in 2014
Megacheira
Willy ( Willie ) Schaller ( February 23 , 1933 – January 3 , 2015 ) was a U.S. soccer defender who played most of their career in the German American Soccer League . They also played on the U.S. soccer team at the 1952 Summer Olympics . They were inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame in 1996 .
Club career
While born in Germany , Schaller 's family moved to the United States when they were a young boy . They joined Schwaben of the German American Soccer League when they were in high school . In 1953 , they joined the U.S. Army , serving until 1955 . At some point , they moved to Blau-Weiss Gottschee , playing with the team through at least 1960 .
National teams
In 1952 , they were selected to the U.S. soccer team which competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics . They were nineteen at the time . The U.S. lost its first game of the single elimination tournament to Italy . In 1959 , they were with the U.S. team which won the bronze medal at the Pan American Games .
Coaching
After retiring from playing professionally , Schaller became a youth and high school soccer coach .
References
External links
National Soccer Hall of Fame profile
1933 births
2015 deaths
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
Association football defenders
Blau-Weiss Gottschee players
Chicago Schwaben players
Footballers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Footballers at the 1959 Pan American Games
German emigrants to the United States
German-American Soccer League players
National Soccer Hall of Fame members
Olympic soccer players of the United States
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in football
People from Esslingen ( district )
Sportspeople from Stuttgart ( region )
United States men 's international soccer players
Medalists at the 1959 Pan American Games
A normal school is an institution created to train high school graduates to be teachers by educating them in the norms of pedagogy and curriculum .
State Normal School may also refer to :
State Normal School ( Athens , Georgia )
State Normal School at Cheney
Chico State Normal School
State Normal School of Colorado
State Normal School for Colored Persons
Connecticut State Normal School
Duluth State Normal School
Durham State Normal School
Eastern Illinois State Normal School
Eastern Kentucky State Normal School
Edinboro State Normal School
Iowa State Normal School
State Normal School at Los Angeles
Mansfield State Normal School
State Normal School of Marshall College
Massachusetts State Normal School
Michigan State Normal School
Northern Illinois State Normal School
State Normal School of Pennsylvania
San Francisco State Normal School
St . Cloud State Normal School
State Normal School at Valley City Historic District
Washington State Normal School at Bellingham
Washington State Normal School at Cheney Historic District
Western Kentucky State Normal School
State Normal School at Whatcom
Karkaraly District ( , ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the town of Karkaraly . As of 2019 , the district is home to a population of 36,025 people .
Geography
Karasor , an endorheic salt lake , is located in the district , north of the Karkaraly and Kent mountain ranges .
History
The Karkaraly District is home to the Kent Settlement , located in the village of , an archeological digsite which dates back to the Bronze Age . Discovered in 1985 , the site includes a proto-city which spans 30 hectares , complementary farmland which exceeds 100 hectares in area , a religious building , and furnaces used to make bronze and possibly iron .
During the times of the Russian Empire , the town of Karkaraly was home to the Koyandy Fair , one of the largest economic and cultural gatherings in the Kazakh Steppes . Major figures who visited the town during the time of the Russian Empire included Abai Kunanbaev , Shoqan Walikhanov , Mikhail Prishvin , Grigory Potanin , Aleksandr Zatayevich , and Mukhtar Auezov .
Demographics
The district reported 36,025 inhabitants as of 2019 , of which most were ethnic Kazakhs .
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Karaganda Region
Unplugged is a live album by Canadian / American singer-songwriter Neil Young , released on June 15 , 1993 on Reprise . Recorded on February 7 , 1993 , the album is an installment of the MTV series , Unplugged . The performance was also released on VHS .
Background and recording
The recording of Unplugged was reportedly rife with tension , with Young displeased with the performances of many of their band members . The released version was their second attempt at recording a set suitable for airing and release .
The track `` Stringman '' was recorded for Young 's famously unreleased studio album , Chrome Dreams ( 1977 ) .
Track listing
All tracks composed by Neil Young
`` The Old Laughing Lady '' – 5:15
`` Mr . Soul '' – 3:54
`` World on a String '' – 3:02
`` Pocahontas '' – 5:06
`` Stringman '' ( previously unreleased ) – 4:01
`` Like a Hurricane '' – 4:44
`` The Needle and the Damage Done '' – 2:52
`` Helpless '' – 5:48
`` Harvest Moon '' – 5:20
`` Transformer Man '' – 3:36
`` Unknown Legend '' – 4:47
`` Look Out for My Love '' – 5:57
`` Long May You Run '' – 5:22
`` From Hank to Hendrix '' – 5:51
In addition to the tracks found on this album , Neil Young performed the following songs live during the performance :
`` Dreamin ' Man ''
`` Sample and Hold ''
`` War of Man ''
`` Winterlong ''
Personnel
Neil Young - guitar , harmonica , piano , pump organ , lead vocals
Nils Lofgren - guitar , autoharp , accordion , backing vocals
Ben Keith - Dobro
Spooner Oldham - piano , pump organ
Tim Drummond - bass
Oscar Butterworth - drums
Astrid Young - backing vocals
Nicolette Larson - backing vocals
Larry Cragg - broom on `` Harvest Moon ''
Charts
Certifications and sales
References
Unplugged ( Young , Neil album )
Albums produced by David Briggs ( producer )
Neil Young live albums
1993 live albums
Reprise Records live albums
Glanes de Woronince ( Gleanings from Woronińce , or Harvest at Woronińce ) , S. 249 , is a suite of three piano pieces by Franz Liszt , written in 1847 at Woronińce , now ( Ukrainian : Воронівці ) , the Ukrainian estate of Princess Carolyne zu Sayn-Wittgenstein .
Liszt had first met the Princess when they played in Kyiv on 14 February of that year . They were recently separated from their husband , and they invited Liszt to spend some time on their estate in Podolia . They stayed for 10 days , then left for a concert tour , promising to return in the autumn . They came back around 18 September , and stayed till early January 1848 . It was during these three months that Liszt 's and Sayn-Wittgenstein 's relationship developed to the stage that they planned to petition the tsar , Alexander II of Russia , for divorce , and marry Liszt . During this time , Liszt also completed much of their Harmonies poétiques et religieuses .
The three pieces of Glanes de Woronince are :
They were dedicated to Princess Carolyne 's daughter , Princess Marie von Sayn-Wittgenstein .
Liszt also wrote a transcription for piano solo of Chopin 's `` A Maiden 's Wish '' in their Six Chants polonais , S. 480 , but in conception it is quite a different piece from its appearance in Glanes de Woronince .
The suite has had few recordings . They include those by Robert Black , France Clidat , Leslie Howard , and Aleksandra Mikulska . The middle number was recorded by Conrad Ansorge , a pupil of Liszt , in a version which does not exactly correspond to the original text .
References
External links
, Aleksandra Mikulska , Orangerie ( Darmstadt ) 2016
, Mikulska album Souvenirs , 2018
Compositions by Franz Liszt
Compositions for solo piano
1847 compositions
Music dedicated to family or friends
Roke is a hamlet in South Oxfordshire , about north of Wallingford . It has a sixteenth-century public house , the Home Sweet Home . It is now included in the neighbouring civil parish of Berrick Salome .
Culture
Roke hosts the annual Rokefest Beer and Music Festival .
References
Hamlets in Oxfordshire
South Oxfordshire District
Puthiya Akasam Puthiya Bhoomi ( ) is a 1962 Malayalam-language film , directed by M. S. Mani , starring Sathyan and Vinodini . It is based on Thoppil Bhasi 's play of the same name that was first staged in 1959 . The film received a certificate of merit at the Indian National Film Awards .
Plot
Cast
Sathyan
Baby Vinodini
Ragini
B. S. Saroja
S. P. Pillai
T. S. Muthaiah
Kottayam Chellappan
Bahadoor
Adoor Bhavani
Santo Krishnan
Gopinath
P. K. Leela
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran .
Accolades
National Film Awards
1962 : Certificate of Merit for the Best Feature Film in Malayalam
References
External links
1960s Malayalam-language films
1962 films
Films scored by M. B. Sreenivasan
Indian films based on plays
Deuben is a municipal subdivision of Freital in Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge district .
History
The village was first mentioned in 1378 . In the 1920s , Deuben was one of the biggest villages in Germany . At 1 October 1921 , the villages Deuben , Döhlen and Potschappel merged to the new town Freital .
Residents
1834 : 252
1871 : 4360
1890 : 6864
1910 : 11009
External links
Deuben in Historisches Ortsverzeichnis von Sachsen ( German )
References
Former municipalities in Saxony
Freital
Weißeritz
Srimant Rajasri Rajaram Rajah Sahib Bhonsle Chhatrapati was the eldest son of Prathapasimha , the younger brother of Shivaji III of Thanjavur , by their first wife . They succeeded their uncle Shivaji III as the Senior Prince of Thanjavur and the head of the House of Bhonsle on the former 's death .
References
Thanjavur Maratha kingdom
Keyt or KEYT may refer to :
George Keyt , Sri Lankan painter
Keyt baronets in 17th–18th century England
KEYT-TV , a television station in California
The Wanting may refer to :
The Wanting ( Glenn Jones album )
The Wanting ( Cody Jinks album )
`` The Birth-Mark '' is a short story by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne . The tale examines obsession with human perfection . It was first published in the March 1843 edition of The Pioneer and later appeared in Mosses from an Old Manse , a collection of Hawthorne 's short stories published in 1846 .
Plot summary
Aylmer is a brilliant and recognized scientist and philosopher who drops their focus from their career and experiments to marry the beautiful Georgiana ( who is physically perfect except for a small red birthmark in the shape of a hand on their cheek ) .
As the story progresses , Aylmer becomes unnaturally obsessed with the birthmark on Georgiana 's cheek . One night , they dream of cutting the birthmark out of their wife 's cheek ( removing it like scraping the skin from an apple ) and then , realizing that the birthmark is deeper , continuing all the way to their heart . They do not remember this dream until Georgiana asks about what their sleep-talking meant . When Aylmer remembers the details of their dream , Georgiana declares that they would rather risk their lives having the birthmark removed from their cheek than to continue to endure Aylmer 's horror and distress that comes upon them when they see them
The following day , Aylmer deliberates and then decides to take Georgiana to the apartments where they keep a laboratory . They glance at Georgiana with the intent to console them but ca n't help but shudder violently at seeing their imperfection ; Aylmer 's reaction causes them to faint . When they awaken , they treat them warmly and comforts them with some of their scientific concoctions but when they attempt to take a portrait of her , the image is blurred save for their birthmark revealing the disgust they have of it .
They experiment some more and describes some of the successes to them but as they question how they are feeling , Georgiana begins to suspect that Aylmer has been experimenting on them the entire time without their knowledge and consent . One day , they follow them into their laboratory , and on seeing them there , Aylmer accuses them of not trusting them and says that having their birthmark in the room will foil their efforts . They profess complete trust in them but demands that they inform them of their experiments . They agree and reveals that their current experiment is their last attempt to remove the birthmark , and Georgiana vows to take the potion , regardless of any danger it poses to them
Soon after , Aylmer brings them the potion , which they demonstrate as effective by rejuvenating a diseased plant with a few drops . Protesting that they do n't need proof to trust their husband , Georgiana drinks the concoction and promptly falls asleep . Aylmer watches and rejoices as the birthmark fades little by little . Once it is nearly gone , Georgiana wakes up to see their image in a mirror , the birthmark almost completely faded . They smile but then informs Aylmer that they are dying . Once the birthmark fades completely , Georgiana dies .
Publication history
`` The Birth-Mark '' was first published in the short-lived Boston magazine The Pioneer in its March 1843 issue . That same month , it was also printed in The Pathfinder in New York and , later , collected as part of Mosses from an Old Manse in 1846 .
Analysis
Like many of the tales Hawthorne wrote during their time living in The Old Manse , `` The Birth-Mark '' discusses the psychological impact in sexual relations . The birthmark does not become an issue to Aylmer until after the marriage , which they suddenly see as sexual : `` now vaguely portrayed , now lost , now stealing forth again , and glimmering to-and-fro with every pulse of emotion '' . Written shortly after Hawthorne married Sophia Peabody , the story emphasizes the husband 's sexual guilt disguised as superficial cosmetology .
Aylmer 's pursuit of perfection is both tragic and allegorical . The irony of Aylmer 's obsession and pursuit is that they were a man whose `` most splendid successes were almost invariably failures . '' Rather than obsessing over correcting their failures , they quickly forget them . Similarly , instead of obsessing over Georgiana 's splendid beauty , they quickly forget it . That a man of so many failures would be trying to perfect someone else is both ironic and allegorical . This type of story has biblical symmetry to Jesus 's `` Sermon on the Mount . '' In Matthew 7:3 , Christ is quoted as saying , `` Why do you see the speck that is in your brother 's eye , but do not notice the log that is in your own eye ? '' Aylmer 's unyielding pursuit to remove the one `` flaw '' from Georgiana shows their own blindness of conscience . Georgiana 's death is foreshadowed in Aylmer 's dream of cutting out the mark , in which they discover the birthmark is connected to their heart . They elect to cut out their heart as well in their attempt to remove the birthmark .
Other critics , like Stephen Youra , suggest that , to Aylmer , the birthmark represents the flaws within the human race—which includes `` original sin '' , which `` woman has cast men into '' —and because of this , elects it as the symbol of their wife 's `` liability to sin , sorrow , decay , and death '' . Others suggest viewing the tale `` as a story of failure rather than as the success story it really is — the demonstration of how to murder your wife and get away with it '' .
Hawthorne may have been criticizing the epoch of reform in which they were living , and specifically calling attempts at reform ineffective and the reformers dangerous . The story is often compared to Edgar Allan Poe 's `` The Oval Portrait '' .
Character analysis
Aylmer is a scientist and husband to Georgiana . Robert B. Heilman suggests that Aylmer has taken science as their religion and that Aylmer 's views on `` the best that the Earth could offer '' is `` inadequate '' . Heilman further says that `` the mistake Aylmer makes '' is the `` critical problem '' with the story , in that they have `` apotheosized science '' .
Georgiana is the wife of Aylmer and , as Sarah Bird Wright puts it , the `` doomed hero '' of the story . Georgiana agrees to allow Aylmer to experiment on them in an attempt to remove their birthmark—which turns out to be a fatal decision . Wright quotes Millicent Bell 's thoughts on Georgiana 's final words by saying they are `` indicative of Hawthorne 's struggle with romanticism ... they yearn to depict life as found '' .
Aminadab , Aylmer 's laboratory assistant , is described as being short and bulky with a shaggy appearance ; Aylmer addresses them as `` thou human machine '' and `` thou man of clay . '' Wright refers to Nancy Bunge 's observation that `` because Aminadab possesses vast physical strength and 'earthiness ' they undertake to perform unpleasant tasks in order to free Aylmer to 'cultivate delusions of transcendence ' '' . Judith Fetterley suggests that `` Aminadab symbolizes the earthly , physical , erotic self that has been split apart from Aylmer '' . Critic Evan Lang Pandya contends that Aminadab , whose characterization hearkens after that of the Greek god Hephaestus , represents pagan elements in Puritan New England culture .
Adaptation
The story was adapted into a one-act opera by Jean Eichelbarger Ivey , written between 1980 and 1982 .
References
Bibliography
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Rpt . in .
External links
The Birthmark by Nathaniel Hawthorne
1843 short stories
Short stories by Nathaniel Hawthorne
Works originally published in American magazines
Uxoricide in fiction
Works adapted into operas
František Kopřiva ( born 30 July 1892 , date of death unknown ) was a Czech wrestler . They competed for Bohemia at the 1912 Summer Olympics and for Czechoslovakia at the 1920 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1892 births
Year of death missing
Olympic wrestlers of Bohemia
Olympic wrestlers of Czechoslovakia
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Czech male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Prague
Nasir Chinyoti ( ناصر چنیوٹی ) is a Pakistani actor and comedian from Chiniot . They started their acting career from Multan stage . Nasir has starred in many stage dramas/telefilms in various languages including Urdu and Punjabi . They are the most notable for comedy stage dramas based in Lahore . They are famous for using improvised dialogues during stage plays .
Nasir Chinyoti has acted with many other comedians including Babu Baral , Sohail Ahmad , Iftikhar Thakur , Zafri Khan , Anwar Ali , Tariq Teddy , and Sakhawat Naz . They previously used to appear in Khabarnaak comedy show in various satires on Geo News ( Pakistan ) . They are rated as one of the best comedians in Pakistan . They appeared in Khabaryar comedy show on Neo News where they played many of the most appreciated roles . Subsequently , they also worked for Khabardar on Express News . Currently , they are doing a show called Khabarhar on Samaa News , hosted by Aftab Iqbal .
Filmography
TV Shows
Family Front ( 1997 )
Khabarnaak ( 2010 )
Khabardaar ( 2015–2018 )
Khabarzar ( 2018–2020 )
Khabaryar ( 2020–2021 )
Khabardaar ( 2021-2022 )
Khabarhar ( 2022-2022 )
References
External links
Living people
Punjabi people
People from Chiniot District
Male actors from Lahore
Pakistani male television actors
Pakistani male stage actors
Pakistani stand-up comedians
Pakistani theatre directors
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Ogami Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Ogami Island off the coast of Nagasaki Prefecture in southern Japan . It is notably the first photovoltaically powered lighthouse in the world and was instrumental in demonstrating the viability of photovoltaics in 1966 .
See also
List of lighthouses in Japan
References
External links
Picture of Ogami Lighthouse
Lighthouses completed in 1966
Lighthouses in Japan
Solar power in Japan
Archangel Michael may be depicted in Christian art alone or with other angels such as Gabriel or saints . Some depictions with Gabriel date back to the 8th century , e.g . the stone casket at Notre Dame de Mortain church in France . They are very often present in scenes of the Last Judgement , but few other specific scenes , so most images including them are devotional rather than narrative . The angel who rescues Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego from the `` fiery furnace '' in the Book of is usually regarded in Christian tradition as Michael ; this is sometimes represented in Early Christian art and Eastern Orthodox icons , but rarely in later art of the Western church .
In most depictions Michael is represented as an angelic warrior , fully armed with helmet , sword , and shield , in the style of a Byzantine officer , which is typically found even in Western depictions , though some late-medieval ones have them in contemporary knightly armour . Like other angels , in late-medieval Western art they may have what are known as feather tights , with large feathers over most of their body , as on the Holy Thorn Reliquary . They may be standing over a serpent , a dragon , or the defeated figure of Satan , whom they sometimes pierce with a lance . The iconography of Michael slaying a serpent goes back to the early 4th century , when Emperor Constantine defeated Licinius at the Battle of Adrianople in 324 AD , not far from the Michaelion , a church dedicated to Archangel Michael .
Constantine felt that Licinius was an agent of Satan , and associated them with the serpent described in the Book of Revelation ( 12:9 ) . After the victory , Constantine commissioned a depiction of themselves and their sons slaying Licinius represented as a serpent - a symbolism borrowed from the Christian teachings on the Archangel to whom they attributed the victory . A similar painting , this time with the Archangel Michael themselves slaying a serpent then became a major art piece at the Michaelion and eventually lead to the standard iconography of Archangel Michael as a warrior saint .
In other depictions Michael may be holding a pair of scales in which they weigh the souls of the departed and may hold the book of Life ( as in the Book of Revelation ) , to show that they take part in the judgment . However this form of depiction is less common than the slaying of the dragon . Michelangelo depicted this scene on the altar wall of the Sistine Chapel . The shield may bear the Latin inscription Quis ut Deus .
In Byzantine art Michael was often shown wearing the formal court robes and loros that were worn by the Emperor and their bodyguard on special occasions , rather than as a normal warrior who battled Satan or with scales for weighing souls on the Day of Judgement .
A Victorian English scholar wrote ,
The widely reproduced image of Our Mother of Perpetual Help , an icon of the Cretan school , depicts Michael on the left carrying the lance and sponge of the crucifixion of Jesus , with Gabriel on the right side of Mary and Jesus .
In Eastern Orthodox depictions , there are three icons of the Archangel Michael in whose composition they are said to have personally intervened : Archangel Michael of Mantamados in Mytilene , Archangel Michael of Panormitis and Archangel Michael of Nenita . Each of these icons is different .
Gallery of art
See also
Angels in art
War in Heaven
References
Michael ( archangel )
Christian iconography
Juan Castro may refer to :
Juan Castro , Mexican baseball player
Juan Castro ( bishop ) , Colombian bishop
Juan Castro ( footballer ) , Mexican footballer
Juan Alberto Castro , Argentine footballer
Juan José Castro , Argentine composer
Juan Pablo Castro , Argentine rugby union player
Juan de Castro , Spanish bishop and cardinal
Juan de Castro ( bishop of Taranto ) , Italian bishop
Shirly Karvinen ( born 3 September 1992 ) is a Finnish model and beauty pageant titleholder . They were crowned Miss Finland 2016 and represented their country at Miss Universe 2016 .
Background
Karvinen was born to a Finnish father and a Chinese mother in Finland . Due to their father 's work in an asphalt paving company , they spent their early childhood living in Zambia , Kenya , Tanzania , and Saudi Arabia . In their teens , they also lived in Beijing as an exchange student , while spending time with their mother 's side of the family .
Karvinen speaks Finnish and English . They also know the basics of Mandarin Chinese .
Education and career
Karvinen has most recently studied in the Bachelor of Business Administration program at Haaga-Helia University of Applied Sciences in Helsinki . As part of their studies , they also worked as an administrative assistant in the Ministry for Foreign Affairs in Helsinki and the Embassy of Finland in Washington , D.C .
Pageantry
Miss Finland 2016
Karvinen was crowned Miss Finland 2016 at Vanajanlinna Castle in Hämeenlinna on May 13 , 2016 .
As Miss Finland , Karvinen wants to be a good role model for others to look up to . Among their other causes , Karvinen has supported anti-bullying efforts and spoke against school bullying . They themselves suffered from bullying in their childhood and youth due to the fact they are half Chinese .
Miss Universe 2016
Karvinen represented Finland at Miss Universe 2016 but unplaced .
Private life
Karvinen lives together with their girlfriend , Finnish pop singer Sanni in Helsinki , Finland .
References
External links
Official Miss Finland Website
1993 births
Living people
Miss Universe 2016 contestants
People from Jyväskylä
Miss Finland winners
Finnish people of Chinese descent
Giza is the second extended play of duo Gatekeeper , consisting of musicians Aaron David Ross and Matthew Arkell . It was released in December 2010 by the label Merok Records . The duo made Giza with a setting of ancient ruins in mind , due to their interest of theories regarding ancient astronauts that they had garnered . They also expanded their film score influence to science fiction and fantasy films in addition to horror movies . Giza was promoted with music videos for all of the tracks . All of the videos were produced by production team Thunder Horse and were released online on the website 20JazzFunkGreats as well as on a limited-edition VHS tape . The video for `` Chains '' was ranked number ten on a list of the best music videos of 2010 by the magazine XLR8R .
Composition and critical analysis
With Giza , Gatekeeper expanded their influence of horror film scores by composers such as John Carpenter to also include science fiction and fantasy films . The setting was also changed from the haunted forests of their debut extended play Optimus Maximus ( 2009 ) into ancient ruins in the middle of a desert for Giza . The reason for this change was that the group had got into theories regarding ancient astronauts , watching films like Chariots of the Gods ( 1970 ) . Matt Arkell said that the desert had `` this really bizarre exoticized feel to it , through cinema and popular culture over the past few decades . ''
Gatekeeper cited religious vocal music , electronic body music , acid trance and early techno music as influences for making the music of Giza . Music journalists additionally noticed elements of the works of Cold Cave , The Hasbeens , Cabaret Voltaire and Kraftwerk and genres like Detroit techno and Italo disco . The Quietus journalist John Calvert called Giza `` brilliantly period-precise , '' noting that its sonic elements sounded like they were made from `` dodgy imitative synths , digital emulators , imperfect programming and tacky presets . '' He , as well as Pitchfork writer Jess Harvell , also spotlighted Gatekeeper 's skill of creating tracks with elements from dark films while still keeping the songs danceable and exciting , which Calvert wrote `` takes real panache . '' Some reviewers noted that the group went out of the boundaries of their main style and were freer with their sounds than on Optimus Maximus . Rich Etteridge of The Line of Best Fit described the majority of Giza as `` more filler than thriller , '' writing that it `` just does n't keep the pulsating momentum throughout '' as the title track and `` Chains '' do .
Songs
Giza opens with `` Chains '' , an industrial electronic body music song with a tech noir aestectic that soundtracks a ride through a hell-like computer-generated land . Etteridge jokingly described it as the `` pervy step-father '' of the theme for the television series The Equalizer , while Calvert compared it to `` Tunnel Chase , '' a piece from the soundtrack to the film The Terminator ( 1984 ) . The duo first created the bass part , which is performed on the track through a Sequential circuit Pro-One synth , before the drum part was programmed through the Ultrabeat plugin of Logic Pro . There are samples of lines from cutscenes of the game Diablo II ( 2000 ) and the film Hellbound : Hellraiser II ( 1988 ) , which the group downloaded from YouTube . The track opens with sounds of a motorcycle starting up and a racing horse before , as Calvert writes , `` a jump-scare primer triggers the type of cyclonic modulation perfect for road-battles and low-camera speeds . '' The track also has a break influenced by the theme for The X-Files and the works of Isao Tomita , and the duo said that making this part fit with the rest of the track was a difficult task .
The choruses of `` Storm Column '' are led by a noise pulse that goes through a 12 db high-pass filter programmed with a Korg MS20 synthesizer . Other sections of the track are driven by pitch wheel 'd square wave sounds also programmed with the MS20 . Making the track was the first time the duo was able to connect the MS20 through a patch panel for a Logic Pro session , which took many attempts . The Pro-One was used to create the cut 's Vangelis-esque synth arpeggios and portamento 'd basses , which are also filtered and increase in the amount of reverbation they drench in as the track progresses . The song also has a bassline performed by `` KLUNKS '' , a preset from the Ensoniq ESQ-1 synthesizer .
`` Serpent '' starts with a bassline played by the Pro-One before the rock-influenced electronic drums and Korg Polysix-performed `` oriental '' arpeggio synth lines that are slightly off-tune kick into the mix . The lead melody is actually played by four synthesizers at the same time on the track : a Korg Wavestation , Roland JD-800 , Kawai K1 and Roland Juno-6 . The sounds these synths perform include analog-esque fantasy sounds and pan flutes , and the different sounds are faded in between to have the timbre of the lead melody sound changing . There is also monk singing on the track sample from recordings of music composed in the Byzantine Empire in the 1500s . For Giza 's title track , Gatekeeper began composing the first four bars of the track that consist of out-of-tune and unharmonious synthesized strings programmed with the PolySix ; the initial plan for the song was for it to be a tribute to `` Final Search , '' a piece from the soundtrack for the film Friday the 13th ( 1980 ) . After the beginning four bars , Wavestation-programmed tritone 'd pan flutes and a computer-emulated Roland TR-909 kick drum come into the arrangement . The track 's lead melody is performed by a bell courtesy of an Oberheim Matrix-6 synthesizer , which eases the tension of the overall song . The track 's concept was changed to a soundtrack to , in the words of the duo , `` Westly Snipes in Egypt '' and `` dusting vamp-ravers inside of a crowded nightclub . ''
The track `` Mirage '' was , according to the duo , an actual mirage . The song went through many revisions in regard to its style and the amount and type of effects placed on the bass part . They tried to make the song feel like the French science fiction film The Fifth Element ( 1997 ) . Synthesizer pad chords sampled from the track `` Power Plant '' by the group Microchip League began the song . A heavily reverbed and compressed three-note acid trance-influenced synth line played by a Pro-One operates the track . There are also samples of recordings of Adhan prayers that were borrowed from YouTube and are re-pitched on the cut . Giza closes with `` Oracle , '' a track with a sound palette of arpeggio lines performed by the Pro-One , the ESQ-1 's `` Mixed '' choir preset , staccato JD-800 piano notes and samples of dog barks that are pitched down . For the bassline , the Pro-One was used , where one of the pitches for the wave oscillators was put a 4th away from the original note to create a parallel harmony sound . Its lead melody was , according to the duo , a `` loose adaption '' of a piece from The NeverEnding Story ( 1984 ) .
Music videos
On October 12 , 2010 , the video for `` Chains '' by production team Thunder Horse premiered , and feature 1990s-computer-game-esque 3D graphics . The Fader described the plot of the video as a `` computer animated ghost motorcycle riding through what basically looks like hell if hell happened to be made out of mercury . '' The video ranked number ten on a list of the best videos of 2010 by magazine XLR8R . Between December 6 to 10 , 2010 , the videos for the rest of Giza 's tracks premiered on the snuff film website 20JazzFunkGreats . The music video for `` Serpent '' was the first of these to be released on the site . The video is about a titular soundwave named Serpent that is built to cripple unexplored parts of a human 's spirit . Created by a mysticist group from other dimensions , the wave goes into vertebral column where it 'll inject a serum named Front 242 in order for it to control the whole body . The wave goes through visions of unfinished VHS horror movie tapes as it twists out of its normal shape in a danceable manner .
The second video to be released was the one for `` Oracle '' on December 7 . It follows teenagers who use an ouija board to order a pizza . For the `` Mirage '' video , which was released on December 8 , Thunder Horse collaborated with the Lenox Brothers , another production team who did most of the video 's animation . It showcases a mood-drugged person 's vision of the leader of a desert-based psychic group . The fourth video 20JazzFunkGreats premiered , which was for the title track , came out on December 9 . It follows a high school student vampire played by Wallsey Snips as they are controlled by a `` Demon Headmaster '' played by Christopher Lee . On the December 10 , 2010 , the last video , which was for `` Storm Column , '' premiered , and consists of footage of the Statue of Liberty as it morphs into `` universe building spheres . '' All of the music videos were released on VHS under the name GIZA : the HDvhs Experience , which was a limited edition of 100 copies .
Artwork
Giza 's artwork was designed by Australian science fiction illustrator Dan McPharlin , and went through many versions and redesigns . The duo wanted the cover to have a “ choose your own adventure ” feel where it was a land that could be interpreted in any way . Etteridge praised the cover art , writing that it `` wonderfully captures this retro-futurist feel to the EP . '' Harvell described the cover art as `` an Atari cartridge meets the Portable Grindhouse aesthetic . ''
Track listing
Release history
References
2010 EPs
Line 11 is a northwest–southeast line of the Shanghai Metro network . Since October 2013 Line 11 serves Kunshan city , making it is the second intercity metro in China after the Guangfo Metro and the first that crosses a provincial boundary . With a single-line mileage of 82.386 kilometers , is the longest single-line subway line in China and the world . The line is colored brown on system maps .
History
The line 11 was originally planned to be from Jiading to Nanhui New City , with a total length of 120 kilometers , the south part of the line has been transferred to line 16 .
The 1st phase of line 11 , which runs from to , opened on 31 December 2009 . A branch line from opened on 29 March 2010 .
The 2nd phase runs from Jiangsu Road to . It opened on 31 August 2013 .
The 3rd phase connects Luoshan Road and the . This section is long with 3 stations . All new stations except for the Disney Resort station opened on December 19 , 2015 . The Disney Resort started to trial operation on April 26 , 2016 .
From January 26 , 2020 until March 24 , the Kunshan section of line 11 ( to ) was suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
On August 25 , 2020 , an infill station was opened .
From February 14 , 2022 , the Kunshan section of line 11 was again suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic .
Controversy
Due to the long length of line 11 and high passenger volumes , it is common for line 11 passengers to be forced to stand on the train for their entire trip . In response to this , around early 2014 , some passengers that travelled long distances between urban area and the suburban areas of Jiading or Sanlin that can not bear standing for a long time started bringing their own small folding seats into the carriages . In the following years , the official Weibo of Shanghai Metro reminded passengers involved phenomenon to be safe and civilized as Shanghai Metro maintains that these foldable seats can be a safety hazard on trains and reduces capacity . Beginning in 2019 , line 11 started having announcements in carriages to remind passengers to not bring and use their own seats on the train .
Stations
Service routes
Important stations
Future expansions
In 2023 , will be a transfer station to line S1 of Suzhou Rail Transit , linking the line with Kunshan in Suzhou .
Yanyu Road station
Although station is part of the second phase of Line 11 , it did not open with the other stations on August 31 , 2013 . Instead , it has been left as a reserved station under construction that will open in the future pending development in the area .
Baojia line
The planned Baojia line is planned to take over the branch line - .
Station name change
On May 7 , 2011 , Jiyang Road was renamed ( before line 11 began serving the station ) .
Headways
Technology
Rolling Stock
References
Shanghai Metro lines
Railway lines opened in 2009
2009 establishments in China
Toni Lopopolo is a literary agent whose book publishing career began in 1970 in the publicity department of Bantam Books , where they helped publicize authors such as Philip Roth , Barbara Cartland , Isaac Asimov and Louis L'Amour .
They next worked as library promotion director at Harcourt Brace Jovanovich and visited almost every major library in the USA . Then Houghton Mlfflin offered them a position in Boston as marketing manager , paperback books . Them big campaigns included Even Cowgirls Get the Blues by Tom Robbins . When Macmillan made their executive editor , they moved back to New York City and published Judy Mazel 's Beverly Hills Diet and Elvis 56 by Al Wertheimer among other hits .
St. Martin 's Press made an offer they could not refuse , so Lopopol became executive editor there from 1981 to 1990 and published Hot Flashes by Barbara Raskin , Rich and Famous by Kate Coscarelli , Elsa Lanchester , Myself by Elsa Lanchester , On the Other Hand : A Life Story by Fay Wray and many more titles .
In 1991 , Lopopolo opened Toni Lopopolo Literary Management . They have since sold books for authors including Sol Stein , Lee Silber , Lillian Glass , Steve Duno , Nancy Baer , Flo Fitzgerald , Judith Smith-Levin , Howard Olgin , Jeanette Baker , Larry Seeley , Robin Winter and E. Van Lowe . Lopopolo relocated their company to Santa Barbara , California , in 2011 .
Lopopolo is also known for their Fiction Bootcamp workshops , taught with Shelly Lowenkopf , where they use a unique method that helps first-time novelists to master the skills needed to successfully write book-length fiction , and they aid non-fiction writers to produce compelling narrative non-fiction , using fiction techniques . Lopopolo has held workshops at Temple University in Philadelphia and at the Writer 's Room of Bucks County , Pennsylvania , as well for the Ventura County Writers ' Club and the Santa Barbara Writers ' Conference in California .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Literary agents
The Springboard expansion slot is an expansion port for the Handspring brand of personal digital assistants ( PDAs ) that ran Palm OS . This socket accepted many different modules with varying functionality including cell phone telecommunications , Wi-Fi connectivity , MP3 player hardware , Global Positioning System reception , a digital camera , external storage , and software otherwise too large to fit into the PDA 's internal memory .
References
External links
Palm OS devices
Paweł Janas ( ; born 4 March 1953 , in Pabianice ) is a football manager and former footballer of Polish nationality .
Career
Club
They began their playing career for the Włókniarz Pabianice team in 1965 , but later left the club in 1973 .
National team
From 1976 to 1984 , they won 53 international caps for Poland . Janas played at centre-back in all seven of Poland 's games at the 1982 World Cup in Spain where the team achieved an unexpected third place .
Manager career
Janas ' coaching career started as an assistant at Legia Warszawa in 1988 . They later ended their work at Legia Warszawa in 1990 , and took up a post helping Władysław Stachurski lead the Polish youth squad . They were assistant to Janusz Wójcik at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona where Poland won the silver medal . In the same year they again became Wójcik 's assistant , this time at Legia .
From 1994 to 1996 , Janas was the head coach at Legia where they and their team won the Championship ( 1994 , 1995 ) , Polish Cup ( 1994 , 1995 ) , Polish Supercup ( 1994 ) , as well as advanced to the quarter finals of the UEFA Champions ' Cup ( 1995–96 season ) .
From 1996 to 1999 , Janas coached the Polish youth/Olympic squad , which advanced to the quarter finals of the European Championships . From 1999 they worked as the manager and vice-president of sport at Amica Wronki until 2002 .
On 20 December 2002 , they officially took charge of the Polish national team . They were heavily criticized in the beginning of their national team spell , despite achieving good results . Nonetheless , under Janas the Poland team qualified for the 2006 World Cup , finishing second in a qualifying group behind England . They qualified as the best second placed team , scoring 27 goals in the qualifiers , 10 more than the group leaders England .
In the final tournament , Poland were drawn with Ecuador , hosts Germany and Costa Rica . Their first game , against Ecuador in Gelsenkirchen , ended in a disappointing 2–0 defeat , and Janas received criticism from the Polish press for their team selection and tactics , which involved leaving striker Maciej Zurawski alone and unsupported up front . They played a 4–5–1 formation , which they said `` safety first '' . Poland played well with 4–4–2 in the qualifiers , which resulted in flowing football .
Poland played much better in their second game , against the Germans in Dortmund , but again lost , this time 1–0 to a late goal by Oliver Neuville , despite a magnificent performance by their goalkeeper Artur Boruc . This meant that the third match , against Costa Rica in Hamburg , was meaningless ; Poland won 2–1 with two goals by defender Bartosz Bosacki . Janas was sacked from their post by the Polish FA after the tournament .
In 2008 , they became manager of Ekstraklasa side GKS Bełchatów , leading them to a 5th place standing at the half-way point of the 2008–09 season but resigned during the winter break , citing lack of squad depth which would not allow the team to challenge for a higher position .
In January 2009 , they accepted the managerial position at Widzew Łódź . In June , the club won the second division but was not allowed to advance by the PZPN . After winning the title again in 2010 , Janas decided to leave the club in June .
In September , they became a manager at Polonia Warszawa .
In August 2013 , they were appointed as manager at Bytovia Bytów . On 24 May 2014 their club was promoted to Polish I liga .
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Ekstraklasa players
People from Pabianice
Polish footballers
Poland international footballers
Widzew Łódź players
Legia Warsaw players
AJ Auxerre players
Ligue 1 players
Expatriate footballers in France
Polish football managers
Legia Warsaw managers
Polonia Warsaw managers
Widzew Łódź managers
GKS Bełchatów managers
Poland national football team managers
1982 FIFA World Cup players
2006 FIFA World Cup managers
Amica Wronki managers
Sportspeople from Łódź Voivodeship
Association football defenders
Lechia Gdańsk managers
Minuscule 855 ( in the Gregory-Aland numbering ) , Θε27 ( von Soden ) , is a 12th-century Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment . The manuscript has complex content .
Description
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels on 584 parchment leaves ( size ) . The text is written in one column per page , 36 lines per page .
It is ornamented .
It contains a commentary of Theophylact 's authorship and pictures .
Text
Kurt Aland did not place the Greek text of the codex in any Category .
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method .
History
F. H. A. Scrivener and C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 12th century . Currently the manuscript is dated by the INTF to the 12th century .
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener ( 668e ) and Gregory ( 855e ) . Gregory saw it in 1886 .
Currently the manuscript is housed at the Vatican Library ( Gr . 643 ) , in Rome .
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
Minuscule 854
References
Further reading
External links
Greek New Testament minuscules
12th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the Vatican Library
This is a list of political entities that existed between 201 and 300 AD .
Political entities in the 2nd century – Political entities in the 4th century – Political entities by year
Sovereign states
See also
List of Bronze Age states
List of Iron Age states
List of Classical Age states
List of states during Late Antiquity
List of states during the Middle Ages
References
+03
3rd century
3rd century-related lists
Ramsay Wedge ( ) is a narrow rock spur , 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) long , with talus slopes rising to about 1,200 m , located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) southwest of Mount Absalom in the southwest portion of the Herbert Mountains , Shackleton Range . Photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy , 1967 , and surveyed by British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) , 1968–71 . In association with the names of glacial geologists grouped in this area , named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) after Sir Andrew C. Ramsay ( 1814–91 ) , Scottish geologist who first recognized the glacial origin of rock basins in 1862 ; Director-General , Geological Survey of Great Britain , 1871–81 .
Ridges of Coats Land
Siegenthaler is a surname that may refer to :
Bernard Siegenthaler , Swiss sports shooter
Fritz Siegenthaler ( born 1929 ) , Swiss cyclist
Hans Siegenthaler ( born 1923 ) , Swiss footballer
John Seigenthaler ( 1927-2014 ) , American journalist
John Seigenthaler ( anchor ) ( 1955- ) , son of journalist
Jonas Siegenthaler ( 1997- ) , Swiss ice hockey player
Maja Siegenthaler ( 1992- ) , Swiss competitive sailor
Urs Siegenthaler ( 1947- ) , Swiss footballer
In cricket , a batsman reaches a century when they score 100 or more runs in a single innings . A century is regarded as a landmark score for a batsman , and their number of centuries is generally recorded in their career statistics . The Bangladesh Premier League ( BPL ) is a professional Twenty20 cricket league in Bangladesh which has been held annually since its first season in 2012 . Though Following the match fixing scandal , the league was not played in the year 2014 . It started again at year 2015 , the third season of this tournament . In the eight seasons played , twenty-five centuries has been made by eighteen different players .
The first century in the BPL was scored in the first match on 10 February 2012 at Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium , Dhaka by Chris Gayle for Barisal Burners against Sylhet Royals . The highest score in the competition was made by Chris Gayle , who scored 146 runs not out for Rangpur Riders against Dhaka Dynamites . The fastest century in terms of balls was scored by Chris Gayle , who scored 126 runs not out in 51 balls while playing for Ranhpur Riders . The slowest century was scored by Dwayne Smith for Khulna Royal Bengal against Sylhet Royals . They scored their century in 70 balls while their final score was 103 runs not out in 73 balls at a strike rate of 141.09 .
The highest number of centuries have been scored by Chris Gayle with five centuries .
Among the twenty-five centuries only six of them are made by the player of the hosting country . Nineteen centuries has been scored by the foreigner players with twelve from West Indies players .
Mohammad Ashraful , Shahriar Nafees and Faf du Plessis are the only players to score a century while captaining their team . Ashraful was the captain of Dhaka Gladiators side while Nafees was the captain of Khulna Royal Bengal and Faf du Plessis captaining Comilla Victorians . 2019 BPL , also known as BPL6 has seen the most number of centuries . Six centuries had been scored on that season . While 2015 and 2016 has the lowest number of centuries with one each .
Key
Centuries
Season overview
References
Bangladesh Premier League
Lady Justice Hannah Magondi Okwengu is a judge of the Court of Appeal in Nairobi .
Education and early career
Okwengu was born in Honge Beach ( Yimbo West , near Kisumu ) . They graduated from law school at University of Nairobi in 1979 .
They began work as a Land Registrar in Mombasa and for three years they were an advocate with the Municipal Council of Mombasa .
After less than a year at a law firm they joined the Judiciary as an acting Resident Magistrate in October , 1983 . Justice Okwengu was a Chief Magistrate by 1999 . They then became the Assistant Director of the Kenya Anti-Corruption Authority when they were appointed by President Daniel Moi for a five year term . They served in Mombasa , Nakuru and Nairobi as Chief Magistrate and Judge in Charge of Mombasa Law Court .
They became the President for four years of the International Association of Women Judges Kenya Chapter . They represent East and Southern Africa at the IAWJ . In 2017 at an IAWJ meeting they called for special courts to tackle rape and other sexual and gender based violence .
Personal life
Married , with two sons , two daughters and five grandchildren .
See Also
[ African Women Law Legacy Project , Justice Hannah Okwengu . Part 1 ]
[ African Women Law Legacy Project , Justice Hannah Okwengu . Part 2 ]
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
20th-century Kenyan judges
21st-century Kenyan judges
Kenyan women judges
Dollard Senécal ( 1912–2002 ) was a Canadian Jesuit priest , naturalist , author and educator . They made a major contribution to the education of young people in the natural sciences in Quebec Province and the rest of Canada .
Senécal was born in 1912 . They were ordained in 1931 .
In 1936 , Senécal founded a `` circle '' of young naturalists that they named after Ignatius of Loyola , They directed their circle for over 18 years . With the help of its members , they organized a natural sciences exhibition that drew the attention of the directors of the Canadian Society of Natural History . From 1950 to 1960 , Senécal participated in a program supported by the Department of Public Instruction and taught botany to elementary school teachers so that they could found young naturalist circles ( Cercles des Jeunes Naturalistes ) within their schools .
Senécal also wrote books and magazines to help the directors of `` young naturalists circles '' organize activities . They also founded the Club Provincial des Jeunes Naturalistesand its adult counterpart Les Amis de la Nature . Between 1970 and 1976 Senécal published the magazine Le Naturaliste '' . They have written over 100 `` feuillets du Naturaliste '' and published the Faune de mon pays and participated to the publication of the Faune de l'arrière-pays They also participated to many local radio and TV shows and translated some literary work related to natural sciences .
Senécal was involved in the following organisations ;
Conseil québécois de l'environnement
Fédération québécoise du plein air
Fédération québécoise pour la protection de l'environnement
Montreal Science Centre
Communication – Jeunesse organization
Association des professeurs de sciences du Québec , which they founded
Fédération Nature Canada
Société zoologique du Québec
Société d'astronomie du Québec
National Science Teachers Association ( US )
References
Lafrenière , Jacques , « Le Père Dollard Senécal , un mentor remarquable » , Les Naturalistes , printemps 2001 , v.4.n.1 .
Leblanc , Sophie , Répertoire Les Cercles des Jeunes Naturalistes , Les Cercles des Jeunes Naturalistes , 1991 .
[ St-Arnaud , André ] , « In memoriam » , Les Naturalistes Hiver 2003 , vol . 5. n. 3 .
20th-century Canadian Jesuits
1912 births
2002 deaths
Canadian naturalists
Canadian science writers
20th-century naturalists
The Romanian Master of Mathematics and Sciences ( formerly known as the Romanian Masters in Mathematics ) is an annual competition for students at the pre-university level , held in Bucharest , Romania . The contestants compete individually , in four different sections : mathematics , physics , chemistry and computer science . The participating teams ( national and local teams ) can have up to four students for each section ( plus two coaches : a leader and a deputy leader ) . The contest follows the same structure as IMO and IPhO and is usually held at the end of February .
History
The first Romanian Master in Mathematics was held in 2008 and has been initiated by Prof. Severius Moldoveanu and Prof. Radu Gologan . In 2010 Physics was also added as a section , therefore the name changed to RMMS . At the beginning , the competition structure had been 4 problems in 5 hours , but also in 2010 , it was changed to 6 problems over 2 days , with 4.5 hours of exam each day . The first country that won the competition was the United Kingdom . The 4th edition was held between 23–28 of February 2011 and included also Chemistry and Computer Science . The 5th edition , held in 2012 was only for Physics and Mathematics .
The current champion team in Mathematics is the United States of America , which was the first team to hold the title for two consecutive years ( 2018 and 2019 ) .
Teams reaching the top three in mathematics
* = teams finished equal points
Organizers
The contest is organised at the Tudor Vianu National College of Computer Science in collaboration with the Sector 1 town council . As a host , Tudor Vianu has the right to have its own team entering the contest in each section , thus participating against countries .
References
Mathematics competitions
Physics competitions
Science competitions
Science events in Romania
Annual events in Romania
2008 establishments in Romania
Recurring events established in 2008
Rest House is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Ganesh Pictures K. P. Kottarakkara . The film stars Prem Nazir , Sheela , Sreelatha Namboothiri and Raghavan in the lead roles . The film had musical score by M. K. Arjunan .
Cast
Prem Nazir
Sheela
K. P. Ummer
Adoor Bhasi ( Double Role )
Sreelatha Namboothiri
Raghavan
Friend Ramaswamy
Kunchan
Lakshmi
Meena
Paravoor Bharathan
Vincent
Sadhana
Kottayam Chellappan
Hamza
Nabeesa
Vijaya Kamalam
Hema
Soundtrack
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Sikandar Shah ( Sikandar Butshikan – `` Sikandar , the Iconoclast '' ) was the sixth sultan of the Shah Miri dynasty of Kashmir from 1389 to 1413 .
Sources
The only contemporaneous source that exists is the Rajatarangini ( lit . Flow of Succession of Kings ) by Jonaraja . Jonaraja was the Brahmin court-poet of Sikandar 's successor Zain-ul-Abidin and was commissioned to continue Kalhana 's Rajatarangini . One manuscript of theirs work—edited between 1561 and 1588 by an anonymous person using information from other sources—emends certain portions of the text in the margins ; they are conventionally called ( and the work , Ps-JRT ) in scholarship .
Extant Persian sources , including Baharistan-i-shahi ( anon . ) , Tohfatu ' l-Ahbab ( anon . ) and Tarikh-i-Kashmir corpus , were written relatively later and drew from recensions of Rajatarangini ( s ) but they provide considerable additional information . These were later used by authors starting from Abul Fazl , the first chronicler from outside Kashmir and Nizamuddin Ahmad to independent Persian chroniclers to colonial historians and Kashmiri Pandits , with different ideological proclivities , to produce varying strands of histories suiting different sociopolitical goals .
Background
The Shah Miri dynasty likely descended from Khasa chieftains of Panjgabbar valley ; Shah Mir themselves was the first to settle in Kashmir . They began to serve in the royal court of the fledgling Deva Dynasty and before long , became the prime-minister of Suhadeva . Soon , they leveraged a power-vacuum in the wake of a crippling Mongol raid to help Rinchan , a Buddhist from Ladakh , usurp the throne and after their death , waged a successful war against widow Kota Rani to claim the kingdom for himself .
The Shah Mirs actively patronaged Islam ( esp . Sufism ) and led to the formation of a new social order that chipped away at Brahminic Hinduism . A contemporary Shaivite mystic Lal Ded borrowed from Sufism and local cults to attack core tenets of Brahminism and likely , serviced conversion to Islam among the lower strata of society . By Sikandar 's time , a considerable section of the populace had already adopted Islam . Nonetheless , the Kings continued to actively patronage Hinduism : Alaud'din had commissioned a Hindu Matha and Qutubu'd-Din had held royal yajnas .
Birth and Ascension
Sikandar was the great-grandson of Shah Mir ; they were the eldest child of Qutubu'd-Din and Queen Sura ( var . Subhata ) , and was born sometime around 1380 . Because they were a minor at the time of their father 's death—9 August 1389— , their mother had to act as a regent for a while . During their regency , Sura consented to Prime Minister Rai Magre ( var . Uddaka ) , who was also their cousin , burning their own daughter and son-in-law Muhammad , son of a fellow minister Sahaka , on charges of conspiring against Sikandar . Magre went on to poison Haybat , Sikandar 's younger brother and even Sahaka . Sikandar , sensing a possible usurpation of the throne by Magre , chose to exert themselves as the ruler c. 1391 .
Military campaigns
Except for a successful invasion of Ladakh under the command of Rai Magre , Sikandar did not annex any new territory . Soon after this victory , Magre instigated a rebellion and assassinated Sobha 's ( Sikandar 's first wife ) brother before turning against Sikandar with their proteges . The rebellion was ably suppressed with aid from Laddaraja 's men without even resorting to warfare and Magre was imprisoned , whence they committed suicide . Palas —probably , a Persian tribe— who aided Magre were brutally suppressed too .
In December 1398 , Timur had camped on the banks of the Indus river and ordered Sikandar to pay tribute . Despite Sikandar 's meek acceptance fearing a military fallout , the order was eventually waived by Timur themselves upon being judged to be way above Sikandar 's financial capacity . While the two did not meet , they shared a mutual admiration and Timur gifted a pair of male and female elephants to Sikandar . Sikandar was ecstatic on receiving them .
C. 1400 , a successful war was waged against Firuz , the Hindu Shahi ruler of Ohind ( var . Udabhandapura and Sahibhanga ) after they refused to recognize Sikandar 's suzerainty . Sikandar went on to marry Firuz 's daughter Mera whilst giving away one of their daughters from Sobha for marriage to Firuz . Another successful campaign was mounted against Pala Deo ( var . Billadeva ) , the Rajah of Jammu , after they refused to pay taxes ; Jasrath Khokhar was installed as a vassal and Sikandar again entered into a matrimonial alliance with their daughter whilst giving away another of their daughters from Sobha for marriage to Pala Deo .
Sociopolity
The overall economic condition was decent . Jonaraja remarks that the Goddess of Fortune found an abode in Sikandar — `` the pleasure of [ his ] welfare elude [ d ] verbal description . '' A welfare state was installed ; oppressive taxes were abolished while free schools and hospitals ( Daru ' l-Shifa ) were opened for public use . Waqfs were endowed to shrines and numerous Sufi preachers from Central Asia were provided with jagirs and installed in positions of authority . Land holdings were allotted to vast sections of society including scholars , religious figureheads and the poor . The office of Shaikhu ' l-Islam was established to provide monetary stipends and alms to the needy , pilgrims , travelers , physicians , scholars and other deserving people . Sharia was enacted into local law — music , dance , gambling , and intoxicants were prohibited .
Suppression of Hindus
Jonaraja argues that Sikandar 's rule terminated Kashmir 's long-standing tolerant culture . So do Baharistan-i-shahi and Tohfatu ' l-Ahbab , which note that Sikandar cleansed Kashmir of all heretics and infidels . Sikandar is epithetized as `` butshikan '' , the `` idol-breaker . '' Hasan Ali provides the most detailed narrative .
Sikandar commenced the destruction of Hindu and Buddhist shrines till , in the words of Jonaraja , no idol remained , even in the privacy of peoples ' homes . Jonaraja mentions temples at Martand ( Sun God ) , Vijayesvara ( Shiva ) , Cakradhara ( Vishnu ) , Suresvari ( unknown ) , Varaha ( Vishnu ) , and Tripuresvara ( unknown ) to have been destroyed by Sikandar . Hasan Ali adds three temples at Parihaspore , the Tarapitha temples at Iskander Pora , and a neighbouring Maha Shri Temple . Pseud . J notes of a colossal statue of Buddha being razed and melted to produce coins .
Afterwards , Sikandar 's focus fell on abolishing caste system . All Brahmins unwilling to cede their hereditary caste privileges were taxed with Jizya . In contrast to Jonaraja , who mentions Sikandar 's successor ( Ali Shah ) as having initiated forced conversions for the first time , Hasan Ali notes of forced conversions under Sikandar 's tenure ; they are stated to have massacred all those who had refused to convert .
Motivations and analysis
Upon a literary reading of Rajatarangini , Sikandar 's zeal behind the Islamisation of society is attributable to Mir Muhammad Hamadani who advocated the creation of a monolithic society based on Islam as the common denominator . Hamadani , along with fellow Muslim scholars , had apparently flocked to Sikandar and `` put an end to the local [ Hindu ] religious customs of Kashmir , like storms [ destroy ] woods , or locusts rice plants . '' Sikandar 's counsel , a Brahman neo-convert called Suhabhatta ( var . Suhaka Bhatt and Saifuddin ) , is held to have played the key role in the execution of those orthodox policies by `` instigating '' the Sultan , who then `` took delight day and night in demolishing the sculptures of the gods . '' However , in Baharistan-i-shahi , both Sikandar and Suhabhatta play equal roles , with particular significance accorded to Sikandar 's religious conviction .
Chitralekha Zutshi , Richard G. Salomon and others reject the idea only religious motives lay behind Sikandar 's actions and call for a nuanced contextual reading of Rajatarangini , a work that was commissioned by Sikandar 's successor , who wished to bring back the Brahminical elite into the royal fold and establish Sanskrit as an integral part of a Sultanate that strove to be cosmopolitan . According to Zutshi and Salomon , Sikandar 's policies were guided by realpolitik and , like with the previous Hindu rulers , were essentially an attempt to secure political legitimacy by asserting state power over Brahmans and gaining access to wealth controlled by Brahminical institutions . J. L. Bhan notes the sole extant example of sculpture ( see below ) from Sikandar 's reign to challenge simplistic notions of religious persecution .
Walter Slaje disagrees about such proposed absence of religious motivation , in part , given the differential rituals of destruction undertaken by Hindu and Muslim kings with the latter rendering sites inoperable for long passages of time by massive pollution or outright conversion . Slaje however concludes that the fierce opposition of Hindus to Muslim rulers , including Sikandar , primarily stemmed from their aversion to the slow disintegration of caste society under Islamic influence ; Jonaraja explicitly mocks Hamadani 's rejection of hereditary caste hierarchies . Mohammed Ishaq Khan emphasizes on the centrality of caste in understanding Jonaraja 's reception of Shah Miri — they note that even Hindu figures like Lal Ded had found no place in the Rajatarangini ( s ) and other Pandit corpus of history , until recent times .
Fringe revisionist scholars completely reject the narratives of persecution and accuse the Brahman chroniclers of wanton bias and myth-making , stemming from their personal jealousy at losing socio-economic dominance .
Art and architecture
The locality of Nowhatta was constructed by Sikandar and their royal palace was established at the town center . They constructed the Jamia Masjid at Srinagar—considered to be the finest example of Indo-Saracenic archirecture in Kashmir— , and two other mosques at Bijbehara and Bavan . The two-storied Bavan mosque was enclosed by a garden and doubled as Sikandar 's spring-resort . Sikandar also commissioned a new burial ground—Mazar-i-Salatin , on the bank of Jhelum near Zaina Kadal locale in downtown Srinagar—for the royals and elite .
Numerous scholars arrived from Central Asia in their court : Sayiid Ahmad of Isfahan drafted a commentary on a Firazi text and also wrote epistles , Sayyid Muhammad Khawari wrote a commentary on Lum'at ul-I'tiqaad as well as another work ( Khwar Nameh ) of unknown genre , and Muhammad Baihaqi composed poems eulogizing Sikandar . The first stone sculpture of Kashmir—a four-armed Brahma , argued to be one of the finest in the history of the subcontinent—was sculpted by son of a Buddhist Sanghapati in 1409 and dedicated to Sikandar .
Personal life
Sikandar is believed to have had a puritanical temperament , and abstained from wine , festivities , and music — in tune with the laws decreed for their subjects . Among their closest confidants were Suhabhatta , Sankara ( chief physician ) , and Laddaraja .
Issues , death , and succession
Sikandar was married to at-least three women : Mera ; an unnamed daughter of Pala Deo ; and , Sobha about whom Jonaraja does not provide any details . They had at least five sons—Firuz ( adopted by Sobha ; sent alongside Hamadani , in their return journey to Iran ) , Shadi Khan ( adopted by Sobha ) , Mir Khan ( from Mira ) , Shahi Khan ( from Mira ) , and Muhammad Khan ( from Mira ) — , and at least two daughters ( both adopted by Sobha ) . Sobha is understood to have been likely infertile .
Sikandar is claimed to have met a prolonged and painful death , seemingly from elephantiasis , in April 1413 . After their death , Sikandar 's eldest son Mir was anointed as the Sultan , having adopted the title of Ali Shah . Two years later , Mir was succeeded by Shadi Khan , who adopted the name Zain-ul-Abidin .
Legacy
Under Ali Shah 's regime , Suhabhatta became the Prime Minister and the de-facto ruler ; persecution increased manifold with forced conversions becoming commonplace , Hindu customs being banned , and Brahmans being prohibited to leave the territory while being forced into unemployment . A regime of tolerance was however re-introduced under Zain-ul-Abidin , with Suhabhatta dead from tuberculosis ; Hindu artists were provided with state-patronage , temples were rebuilt , Brahmans-in-exile were brought back , taxes reduced , and neo-Muslims were allowed to convert back . Tohfatu ' l-Ahbab , writing in the 16th century , blamed the poor state of Islam in the valley on Zain . Despite these changes , the Islamisation of elite politics meant very few caste groups other than Brahmans took the opportunity of re-conversion and a largely irreversible change set-in in post-Sikandar Kashmir .
Notes
References
Sultans of Kashmir
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
14th-century Muslims
15th-century Muslims
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir , Turkey , from August 22–31 , 2014 . The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age , referred to as masters athletics .
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
80 metres hurdles
300 metres hurdles
2000 metres steeplechase
4x100 metres relay
4x400 metres relay
Marathon
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
Decathlon
5000 metre track race walks
20000 metre road race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
Sun Center Studios is a television and film sound stage located in Chester Township , Delaware County , Pennsylvania ( Aston ZIP code ) . It is Pennsylvania 's first purpose-built studio . Opened in 2011 , the first major production to use the facility was M. Night Shyamalan 's After Earth .
Another more recent production filmed there was Creed , the 7th Rocky film starring Sylvester Stallone and Michael B Jordan as Apollo Creed 's son which filmed at Sun Center Studios throughout February and up to 3 March 2015 .
Several major films , have been shot at the studio including :
After Earth - directed by M. Night Shyamalan and starring Will Smith
Paranoia - starring Harrison Ford and Liam Hemsworth
Creed - Sylvester Stallone
The Benefactor - starring Richard Gere and Dakota Fanning
Untouchable - directed by Neil Burger and starring `` Breaking Bad '' actor Bryan Cranston , Kevin Hart and Nicole Kidman
Catania Engineering Associates designed the site improvements for this 33 acre state of the art movie studio which included tall retaining walls along the wood 's edge to preserve the natural features .
External links
References
American film studios
Buildings and structures in Delaware County , Pennsylvania
Television studios in the United States
2011 establishments in Pennsylvania
Anupam Nath is an international photojournalist from Assam . Nath 's photo has been selected for the Time magazine 's top 100 photos of 2017 list . They currently work as a photographer at Associated Press .
Career
Nath has been covering events and happenings of the entire northeastern region of Assam since 1995 .
Starting their career as a photo journalist with a couple of Assamese dailies , Anupam went on to work as a stringer in Outlook .
Later they worked as a staff photographer for the Hindustan Times and The Telegraph before joining the Associated Press in 2000 .
References
Indian photojournalists
Indian photographers
1971 births
20th-century Indian photographers
21st-century Indian photographers
Photographers from Gujarat
Living people
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Newport ( and Menevia ) was the Latin Catholic precursor ( 1840-1916 ) in Wales and southwest England of the present Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cardiff , with see in Newport , Wales , and was revived as Latin titular see .
History
Established in 1840 as Apostolic Vicariate of the Welsh District , on Anglo-Welsh territories ( the whole of Wales and the English county of Herefordshire ) canonically split off from the Apostolic Vicariate of the Western District .
Elevated on 29 September 1850 as Diocese of Newport and Menevia , a suffragan in the ecclesiastical province of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Birmingham , having lost northern , English territory to establish the Roman Catholic Diocese of Shrewsbury . It had its pro-cathedral at Belmont Abbey in Herefordshire ( England ) , built from 15 February 1854 by Francis Richard Wegg-Prosser , a landowner converted in 1852 , followed by Benedictine monastic buildings from 1857 , since 21 November 1859 a priory , on 4 September 1860 is consecrated as the cathedral priory The abbey continues to be enlarged ( chancel extended in 1865 ) .
Renamed on 4 July 1895 as Diocese of Newport ( Latin Neoportus ) , having lost further ( Welsh ) territory to establish the Apostolic Vicariate of Wales , covering Glamorgan , Monmouth ( both Welsh ) and Herefordshire ( England ) .
Suppressed on 7 February 1916 , its canonical territory being used to establish the Metropolitan Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cardiff .
Episcopal ordinaries
( all Roman Rite , both born in England )
Apostolic Vicar of the Welsh District
Thomas Joseph Brown , Benedictine Order ( O.S.B . ) ( 1840.06.05 – 1850.09.29 see below ) , Titular Bishop of Apollonia ( 1840.06.05 – 1850.09.29 )
Suffragan Bishops of Newport and Menevia
Thomas Joseph Brown , O.S.B . ( 1850.09.29 – death 1880.04.12 )
John Cuthbert Hedley , O.S.B . ( 1881.02.18 – 1895 see below ) , succeeding as previous
Auxiliary Bishop of Newport and Menevia ( 1873.07.22 – 1881.02.18 ) and Titular Bishop of Cæsaropolis ( 1873.07.22 – 1881.02.18 )
Suffragan Bishops of Newport
John Cuthbert Hedley , O.S.B . ( see above 1895 – death 1915.11.11 ) .
Titular see
The pre-Cardiff diocese was nominally restored in 1969 as Titular bishopric of Newport ( Latin Neoportus ) .
It has had the following incumbents , of the fitting episcopal ( lowest ) rank , with an archiepiscopal exception :
Titular Archbishop Fulton John Sheen ( 1969.10.06 – death 1979.12.09 ) , as emeritate ; previously Titular Bishop of Cæsariana ( 1951.05.28 – 1966.10.21 ) as Auxiliary Bishop of New York ( NY , USA ) ( 1951.05.28 – 1966.10.21 ) , Bishop of Rochester ( USA ) ( 1966.10.21 – retired 1969.10.06 )
Howard George Tripp ( 1979.12.20 – ... ) , as Auxiliary Bishop of Southwark ( England ) ( 1979.12.20 – emeritate 2004.01.07 ) .
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic - titular see
Catholic titular sees in Europe
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in England
Hintze is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Carl Hintze ( 1851–1916 ) , German mineralogist and crystallographer
Christian Ide Hintze ( 1953–2012 ) , Austrian poet and performance artist
Johannes Hintze ( born 1999 ) , German swimmer
Michael Hintze ( born 1953 ) , British-Australian business person , philanthropist and Conservative Party patron , based in the United Kingdom
Otto Hintze ( 1861–1940 ) , German historian of public administration
Peter Hintze ( 1950–2016 ) , German politician of the Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) and from 2013 one of the six Vice Presidents of the Bundestag
Paul von Hintze ( 1864–1941 ) , German naval officer , diplomat and politician
See also
Hintze Ribeiro disaster
Christian Hintze Holm ( born 1964 ) , Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party
Ernesto Hintze Ribeiro ( 1849–1907 ) , Portuguese politician , statesman
References
United Nations Security Council Resolution 79 , adopted on January 17 , 1950 , having received and the text of United Nations General Assembly Resolution 300 concerning the regulation and general reduction of conventional armaments and armed forces , the Council decided to transmit the resolution to the Commission for Conventional Armaments for further study in accordance with the Commission 's plan of work .
The resolution was adopted with nine votes . Yugoslavia was present but did not vote , and the Soviet Union was absent .
See also
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1 to 100 ( 1946–1953 )
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0079
Arms control
January 1950 events
Ray Nunatak ( ) is a nunatak , an Eskimo word meaning an isolated rocky peak that projects above the surface of a glacier where the ice cover is relatively thin . Ray Nunatak is 1,630 m , located just north of Beiszer Nunatak and 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) southwest of Dyrdal Peak in southern Forrestal Range , Pensacola Mountains . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1956–66 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for James A. Ray , utilities man at Ellsworth Station , winter 1957 .
Today
Ray Nunatak is part of Antarctica which has been named Queen Elizabeth Land as a Diamond Jubilee gift to Queen Elizabeth from the Foreign Office .
Nunataks of Queen Elizabeth Land
Nachinda railway station is a railway station on the Tamluk–Digha branch line of South Eastern Railway zone of Indian Railways . The railway station is situated beside Contai–Nandakumar Road at Nachinda in Purba Medinipur district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
History
The Tamluk–Digha line was sanctioned in 1984–85 Railway Budget at an estimated cost of around Rs 74 crore . Finally this line was opened in 2004 . This track including Nachinda railway station was electrified in 2012–13 .
References
Railway stations in Purba Medinipur district
Kharagpur railway division
Kolkata Suburban Railway stations
`` Number Nine ( Japanese ver . ) / Kioku : Kimi ga Kureta Michishirube '' is the eighth Japanese single by South Korean girl group T-ara . The release is a double A-side single , a first for the group , encompassing the Japanese-language version of `` Number Nine '' from their Again EP , and the theme song to the film Jinx ! ! ! starring member Hyo-min . The single is set for release on November 20 , 2013 , through EMI Records Japan .
Packaging
The single will be released in four different types : two CD+DVD limited editions that come in a special paper jacket , a regular edition , and a X-mas edition that comes with a remix album and a DVD , packaged in a box with six `` T-ara santa ver . '' rubber keyholders . All editions of the single come with a trading card with a serial code , chosen randomly out of seven types .
Composition
The `` T-ara Party Non Stop Remix '' by DJ Takao Fukushima is composed of ten songs spanning 45 minutes : `` Bo Peep ( Japanese ver . ) '' , `` Yayaya ( Japanese ver . ) '' , `` Lovey-Dovey ( Japanese ver . ) '' , `` Roly-Poly ( Japanese ver . ) '' , `` Wei Ironi ( Japanese ver . ) '' , `` Bye Bye ( Japanese ver . ) '' , `` Hajimete no You ni ( Japanese ver . ) '' , `` Target '' , `` Bunny Style ! '' and `` Deja-Vu '' .
Track listing
Charts
References
2013 singles
T-ara songs
Japanese-language songs
2013 songs
Batrachorhina cephalotes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1939 . It is known from Kenya and Somalia .
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1939
The Tariotes or Tariotae were an Illyrian tribe that lived on the Adriatic coast of Dalmatia , in modern-day Croatia . They are considered part of the Dalmatae . The Tariotes are mentioned in the Classical literature by Roman author Pliny the Elder alone . In Pliny 's Natural History the territory of the Tariotes is called Tariota and is mentioned as an ancient region ( Tariotarum antiqua regio ) , while their city is called Tariona , and described as a castellum , i.e . a stronghold . Tariona was located between the Krka River in the north and Cape Ploča in the south , along the coastal area . Tariote territory is also testified by two boundary inscriptions dating back to Roman Imperial times , which were found in the area of Marina . Those inscriptions refer to the boundaries of pastures used by the tribe of the Tariotes . A passage in the Libri Coloniarum ( `` Book of Colonies '' ) of the Gromatici Veteres , probably dating back to the 5th century AD , is also considered reporting the name of the tribe , along with that of the Sardeates .
Geography
The Tariotes inhabited Tariota , a region that began after Liburnian Scardona ( Skradin ) , spreading directly to the south of Liburnia . Tariotan border ran roughly through the middle of the peninsula which Roman sources called Hyllus . This westernmost promontory of the ancient Dalmatian coast lies between Morinje Bay ( near Šibenik ) in the north-west and Kaštela Bay in the south-east , sheltered in its hinterland by the hills .
Numerous hillforts and their tumuli were found in the Hyllus Peninsula , and most of it were more intensely settled from the end of the second to the middle of the first millennium BC , while evidences point to the settlement of the peninsula during the Late Bronze Age and the Early Iron Age . From north to the south of the peninsula large fortified settlements ( modern : Grad , Domazeti , Kosmač , Drid and Oriovščak ) dominate over a short length , surrounded with a series of smaller hillforts placed on more prominent elevations , and fortified with dry-stone ramparts , all visually connected . They were usually raised to control maritime and overland communications , and to enable also the control over individual pastures , as indicated by their spatial distribution , same as the neighboring Liburnian hillforts .
Economy
The economy of the Tariotes , like that of other similar coastal Delmatae tribal communities , was mainly based on livestock husbandry , which was suitable for the hillfort lifestyle that would last even after the beginning of Roman domination in Dalmatia . Historical circumstances and therefore the role of the hillforts changed with the arrival of the Romans in Dalmatia . They were no longer defensive fortifications from the attacks of hostile local tribes , nor strongholds to resist the Roman army . In that time Rome intervened in the disputes between local tribes and these hillforts lost their military role , although they retained their economical role primary as sites for livestock safeguarding .
Unlike the Liburnian settlements , the hillfort centres in the old territory of the Tariotes would not continue to exist throughout Antiquity . In Liburnia , centres such as Nedinium ( Nadin ) , Asseria ( Podgrađe , near Benkovac ) , Iader ( Zadar ) continued to exist in Roman times , and the Liburnians retained their ethnic distinct character under Rome , while the same did not take place on the neighbouring Hyllus Peninsula . However , individual Tariote hillforts lived on during the 1st century AD , and a lot of Roman materials were found in them , mostly vessels that indicate intense trade between the indigenous Tariotes and the newly arrived Romans who settled in Pretorium ( Grebaštica ) , Marina and Tragurium ( Trogir ) . Even though Tariote hillforts experienced architectural innovations during the 1st centuries BC and AD , they retained mainly an economic role already during the 2nd century AD , as the pax Romana rendered strongholds superficial . In that time life gradually became oriented toward Pretorium and other Roman centres , while the hillforts would be used as shelters for the livestock and people against predators . Even today some of them serve this function .
See also
List of ancient Illyrian peoples and tribes
References
Bibliography
Illyrian tribes
Illyrian Croatia
Ancient tribes in Croatia
High Adventure Bases of the Boy Scouts of America are outdoor recreation facilities located in several locales in North America operated by the Boy Scouts of America at the organization 's national level . Each facility offers wilderness programs and training that could include wilderness canoeing , wilderness backpacking trips , or sailing , and provide opportunities for Scouts to earn the 50-Miler Award . These bases are administered by the High Adventure Division of the National Council of the Boy Scouts of America .
Northern Tier National High Adventure Bases
The Northern Tier National High Adventure Bases are a collection of high adventure bases in Minnesota , Ontario , and Manitoba . It is made up of Charles L. Sommers Canoe Base in Ely , Minnesota operating in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness ( BWCAW ) and Quetico Provincial Park , Don Rogert Canoe Base in Atikokan , Ontario operating in Quetico Provincial Park , and Norther Expeditions Base in Bissett , Manitoba operating in Atikaki Provincial Wilderness Park and points beyond . Collectively , it is the oldest national high adventure base operated by the BSA .
Northern Tier offers mostly wilderness canoe trips , although other activities such as cold weather camping exist as well . Typical canoe trips cover and take 6 to 10 days . With each crew is a highly skilled technician/instructor called an `` Interpreter '' .
Philmont Scout Ranch
Philmont Scout Ranch is a mountainous ranch located near the town of Cimarron , New Mexico covering approximately of wilderness in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of the Rocky Mountains of northern New Mexico , near the town of Cimarron . The main part of the ranch , formerly the property of oil baron Waite Phillips , was donated to the Scouting organization in 1938 . Along with other donations and purchases , it is currently in use as a national high adventure base where crews of Scouts and Venturers take part in backpacking expeditions and other outdoor activities . It is the largest youth camp in the world by size . Philmont 's terrain is mountainous , ranging in elevation from to .
Philmont is also home to the Philmont Training Center , which is the main center for BSA 's national-level training for volunteers and professionals . In addition to its BSA programs , Philmont continues to operate as a ranch , maintaining a stock of cattle , horses , burros and bison .
Florida National High Adventure Sea Base
Sea Base High Adventure is a high adventure program base in the Florida Keys . The main Sea Base is located in Islamorada , Florida on the end of Lower Matecumbe Key . Other bases include the Brinton Environmental Center located on Summerland Key ( which oversees Big Munson Island located southeast ) and the Bahamas Sea Base in Marsh Harbour , Abaco , Bahamas .
Main programs include sailing— including open water and reef sailing —island camping , snorkeling , and SCUBA . The Florida Sea Base Conference Center has become an alternative training site to the Philmont Training Center . Most conferences it hosts are for professionals or national level committees , but it also hosts conferences for outside groups .
Paul R. Christen National High Adventure Base
The Paul R. Christen National High Adventure Base is a high adventure program base located at the Summit Bechtel Family National Scout Reserve . The Summit was purchased in 2009 and the high adventure base began operation in 2014 . The New River Gorge region offers white water rafting rated from Class II to Class V along the more than 50 miles of river within the New River Gorge National River area . Other outdoor activities that are popular to the area include Rock climbing , rappelling ( abseiling ) , mountain biking , hiking , geocaching , and orienteering . Some of the additional activities added with help from Scout feedback at the 2010 Jamboree , are skateboarding , freestyle BMX , mountainboarding , ATV riding , paddle boarding , dragon boats racing , and ziplines .
The Summit is also the site for the national Scout jamboree and a training center . The property consists of a reclaimed mine site near Beckley , West Virginia . The purchase was enabled by a $ 50 million grant from Stephen Bechtel , Jr . The Summit is being developed by Arrow WV , a BSA subsidiary . Consol Energy donated $ 15 million to build a bridge to connect the main activity area to the eastern property .
Former national bases
Northern Wisconsin National Canoe Base
Northern Wisconsin National Canoe Base was opened in 1940 on the site of a former Civilian Conservation Corps camp on the south end of the east shore of White Sand Lake in northern Wisconsin . The closest town to that site is Boulder Junction , Wisconsin .
The base was originally named MIWI after the initials of the four states in the region . In 1943 it was renamed Region 7 Canoe Base . The base had also been referenced in publications as Region Seven Explorer Canoe Base . Around 1967 it was renamed Northern Wisconsin National Canoe Base , as publications begin referencing the new name during this period . By that time , thousands of Scouts were embarking on wilderness canoe trips from the canoe base every summer , principally from the Chicago area due to its proximity .
The primary program was wilderness canoe trips , through the lakes and rivers of northern Wisconsin and the southern edge of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan . The base provided training , outfitting , and guiding for these trips as well as sleeping and meal facilities for groups of 6-12 crew members , including an adult leader , as they prepared to start or end canoe trips . They also provided transportation to and from starting and ending points . Training included an intensive Voyageur course for the youth leader of a group during the week prior to the group 's trip . Additional programs for Scouts included whitewater trips on the lower Flambeau Flowage , swimming at the White Sand Lake beach , informal sandlot football and softball games between staff members and Scouts at the base , and winter camping in the cabins left by the CCC .
Canoe trips launched from the base utilized hundreds of different lakes and rivers and about 300 campsites . About half of these sites were on public lands ; the others were on private lands under special arrangements , which typically included maintenance work by the Scouts . Examples of closer frequently used waterways include White Sand , Lost Canoe , Pallette , Escanaba , Presque Isle , Crab , Trout , Boulder , and Wild Rice lakes and the Manitowish and Trout Rivers . In the 1960s , staff tried to open up new routes using creeks , with occasionally hilarious results . While the canoe trip area covered millions of acres , most trips were concentrated in the area going about north , east , west , and south of the base .
The base celebrated its 40th anniversary in 1980 and enjoyed its most popular years in 1980-81 , but usage declined rapidly and the permanent base was closed in 1983 . Numerous interrelated factors contributed to its demise , including Scout leaders and executives lobbying for closure in favor of other bases , declining usage , increased residential development in the area used for its canoe trips , and a heavy snowfall during the 1982-83 winter that collapsed the roof of the dining hall , which was never rebuilt .
While the permanent base was closed , expeditions continued to be led using guides from Charles Sommers base until the summer of 1986 . The penultimate canoe trip was with Troop 912 from Manitowoc , Wisconsin from 8/10/1986 to 8/16/1986 .
Maine National High Adventure Area
The Maine National High Adventure Area was established in 1970 due to the efforts of BSA Scout Executive Bud Jeffrey , Seven Island Lands Company President John Sinclair , and Bill Wadsworth and John Donnell of the BSA National Office . The first of three Maine National High Adventure bases was established at the site of the former Foster 's Matagamon Sporting Camp on the north side of Matagamon Lake , and was called Maine Matagamon National High Adventure Base . This base operated as a single unit in 1971 and 1972 . An additional base was established at Pittston Farm on Seboomook Lake in 1973 , and a third on Sysladobsis Lake , was operated in 1971 and 1979 .
Matagamon and Seboomook bases were the core of the program for many years . It was a highly successful program that exposed thousands of Scouts to the lakes , rivers , and mountains of the North Maine woods , providing them with a lifetime appreciation of wild lands , no trace camping , and self-sufficiency and safety in the wilderness .
Maine National High Adventure was operated as a national base until 1991 , when the National BSA Office shut down the program . In 1993 , the Matagamon base reopened as Maine High Adventure , an outdoor program run today by the Katahdin Area Council .
There is an active staff association called Maine High Adventure Staff Association that is dedicated to the history of the Maine National High Adventure Area , and to the support of the current Maine High Adventure Area .
Land Between the Lakes National Outdoor Adventure Center
The Land Between the Lakes National Outdoor Adventure Center was a regional high adventure base in Kentucky on the shores of Kentucky Lake near Aurora . It opened in 1973 as a cooperative effort between the BSA and the Tennessee Valley Authority and was based on the former Camp Roy C. Manchester , which had opened in 1954 . The base offered sailing trips on the Kentucky Lake . Land Between the Lakes ceased operation as national base in 1983 and the property reverted to Lincoln Heritage Council , which now operates the base at a local level , continuing to offer high adventure related facilities for sailing , canoeing , kayaking and U.S. Coast Guard approved sailing training .
Awards
The Triple Crown of National High Adventure award was created in 1995 and later the Grand Slam of National High Adventure award was created in 2014 by the Charles L. Sommers Alumni Association , Inc. to both promote the Boy Scouts of America 's National High Adventure programs and help identify those Scouts with a thirst for high adventure who may be interested in serving on the staff of Northern Tier High Adventure Bases and other National High Adventure Bases . The Triple Crown of National High Adventure award honors those who have participated in a high adventure program at three of the Boy Scouts of America 's four National High Adventure Bases . The Grand Slam of National High Adventure award honors those who have participated a high adventure program at all four of the Boy Scouts of America 's National High Adventure Bases .
Alumni Associations
Charles L. Sommers Alumni Association , Inc .
The Charles L. Sommers Alumni Association , Inc. ( SAA ) is a non-profit Minnesota charity with the purpose to provide a continuing interest in and support for the mission and programs of the Northern Tier National High Adventure program , the Boy Scouts of America 's oldest National High Adventure program .
Objectives include preserving and promoting wilderness camping , high adventure , and training opportunities ; spreading the spirit of `` The Far Northland '' throughout Scouting , and offering the time , talent , and treasure of its membership to the Northern Tier National High Adventure program . Through its members , it has been instrumental as the first alumni association to launch capital campaigns in conjunction with the Boy Scouts of America to enhance high adventure base facilities and establish an endowed seasonal staff scholarship program .
Active membership is open to all persons who have served on the seasonal or permanent staff of any Northern Tier National High Adventure program , including the Charles L. Sommers National High Adventure Base , Donald Rogert Canoe Base ( Atikokan , Ontario ) , Northern Expeditions ( Bissett , Manitoba ) , Northern Wisconsin National Canoe Base , and Maine National High Adventure Base .
Affiliate membership is open to all former adult crew advisors from any Northern Tier National High Adventure program and any adult who wishes to maintain a significant interest in the mission and success of the Northern Tier National High Adventure program .
Philmont Staff Association , Inc .
The Philmont Staff Association , Inc. ( PSA ) is a non-profit New Mexico charity with the purpose to provide a continued support of Philmont Scout Ranch .
Membership is open to all those who have served on staff at Philmont . In addition to traditional staff positions , membership is also open to those who have served on staff of Autumn Adventure , Kanik , Philmont Training Center , National Junior Leader Instructor Camp ( NJLIC ) , and National Advanced Youth Leadership Experience ( NAYLE ) . The PSA is the only National High Adventure base alumni association that does not offer membership to those who have not served on staff .
Sea Base Alumni and Friends Association , Inc .
The Sea Base Alumni and Friends Association , Inc. ( SBAFA ) is a non-profit Florida charity with the purpose to provide continued support of Florida National High Adventure Sea Base . Objectives include supporting the staff , programs and interest of Florida Sea Base .
Membership is open to all those with an affiliation to Florida Sea Base , including current staff , former staff , members of the community , volunteers , and past participants .
References
External links
BSA high adventure bases official website
James W. Loewen book , Up a Creek , With a Paddle ; the first third treats Region 7 Canoe Base
National camps of the Boy Scouts of America
Benedict Hutchinson `` Ben '' Cayenne ( 22 March 1944 – 1 November 2014 ) was an athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who specialized in the 800 metres and 4 x 400 metres relay reaching the finals in both events at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City . They were born in Barrackpore , Trinidad and Tobago and graduated from the University of Maryland in the United States .
After their competitive career ended , Cayenne coached at Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania . They were inducted into the University of Maryland Eastern Shore ( UMES ) athletics ' Hall of Fame in 1984 and was also inducted into Trinidad and Tobago 's Sports Hall of Fame .
Achievements
References
1944 births
2014 deaths
Trinidad and Tobago male sprinters
Trinidad and Tobago male middle-distance runners
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Trinidad and Tobago
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Trinidad and Tobago
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1967 Pan American Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Trinidad and Tobago
Pan American Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Competitors at the 1966 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games silver medalists for Trinidad and Tobago
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for Trinidad and Tobago
Maryland Terrapins men 's track and field athletes
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in athletics
Medalists at the 1971 Pan American Games
Art Ensemble of Chicago with Fontella Bass is a 1970 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris and released on the America label in 1971 then reissued in the US on Prestige Records the following year . It features performances by Lester Bowie , Joseph Jarman , Roscoe Mitchell , Malachi Favors Maghostut , Fontella Bass , and Don Moye .
Reception
Robert Palmer 's Rolling Stone review stated `` The music works very much like a film , in sequences . Certain instruments and ideas carry over from one sequence to another , but something new is always being added as something else is subtracted . There are successions of episodes , of colours , meshes of tones and ideas , washes of sound . There is no soloing as such . Each player is a virtuoso on their main horns , but the virtuosity is channeled into a true ensemble approach . ''
The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states `` Bass , an R & B and gospel singer by trade and Lester Bowie 's wife at the time , adds a wonderful theatrical and sonic dimension to the Art Ensemble 's creative juggernaut ... This set stands the test of time beautifully '' .
Track listing
`` How Strange/Ole Jed '' ( Art Ensemble of Chicago ) - 21:57
`` Horn Web '' ( Roscoe Mitchell ) - 19:39
Personnel
Lester Bowie : trumpet , percussion instruments
Malachi Favors Maghostut : bass , percussion instruments , vocals
Joseph Jarman : saxophones , clarinets , percussion instruments
Roscoe Mitchell : saxophones , clarinets , flute , percussion instruments
Fontella Bass : vocals , piano
Don Moye : drums , percussion
References
1970 albums
America Records albums
Art Ensemble of Chicago albums
William Power ( 30 August 1873 – 13 June 1951 ) was a Scottish author , journalist , and politician . They were the leader of the Scottish National Party from 1940 to 1942 , and served as President of the Scottish Convention between 1942 and 1951 .
Early life
William Power was born in Woodlands , Glasgow , the eldest of the five children of William Power snr , a commission agent and ship master . They attended Woodside School in Glasgow , but had to leave at the age of fourteen as a result of their father 's death at Gibraltar from fever , and found work as a bank clerk at the Royal Bank of Scotland . They continued to read and educate himself , and frequently contributed essays and articles to newspapers .
Writer and editor
In 1907 , after working as a bank clerk for twenty years , Power joined The Glasgow Herald as a full-time member of its editorial staff and remained there as essay and leader writer for nearly twenty years . A considerable essayist and critic , Power was a supporter of the Scottish Renaissance literary movement in the 1920s . In 1926 they left the Glasgow Herald to become editor of the Scots Observer , a new weekly newspaper which was supported by the Scottish churches . However , the paper was not a commercial success , and they resigned as editor in 1929 to work for Associated Newspapers . Power was a founding member of the Scottish centre of PEN International . They were vice-president in 1930 . They served as president of Scottish PEN from 1935 to 1938 . They were also president of the Glasgow Esperanto Society , and the Scottish Ramblers ' Federation .
Political career
On 12 March 1940 , at the age of 66 , Power was announced the Scottish National Party ( SNP ) candidate in the by-election . Power had come from nowhere to poll 37 % ( 7,308 votes ) , coming second behind the Conservative Party , registering the SNP 's largest percentage of a by-election vote to date . Power succeeded Andrew Dewar Gibb as the leader of the SNP . At the SNP Annual Conference in May 1942 , Power was re-nominated by John MacCormick for the post of leader of the SNP , but they were narrowly defeated ( 33 votes to 29 ) by Douglas Young . This led MacCormick to convene a meeting of their supporters , which established Scottish Convention .
Power died in Clackmannan County Hospital , Alloa , in June 1951 , aged 77 . They were married in 1906 to Giulia Dick ( 1871–1922 ) , and in 1924 to their second wife , Williamina Mills ( 1877–1946 ) . There were no children of either marriage .
Publications
The World Unvisited , 1922
Robert Burns and other Essays and Sketches , 1926
My Scotland , 1934
Scotland and the Scots , 1934
Literature and Oatmeal , 1935
Should Auld Acquaintance … : an Autobiography , 1937
The Culture of the Scots : its Past and Future , 1943
References
1873 births
1951 deaths
Leaders of the Scottish National Party
Politicians from Glasgow
Scottish journalists
The Herald ( Glasgow ) people
Scottish non-fiction writers
Scottish National Party parliamentary candidates
The Canadian Federation of Agriculture ( CFA ) is Canada 's largest general farm organization , representing 200,000 farmers and farm families . The organization is headquartered in Ottawa , Ontario , with the mandate to provide a unified industry voice at the national level . The CFA was formed in 1935 , and continues today as a farmer-funded , national umbrella organization representing provincial general farm organizations and national commodity groups .
Activities
To coordinate the efforts of agricultural producer organizations throughout Canada for the purpose of promoting their common interest through collective action .
To assist members and where necessary government , in forming and promoting national agricultural policies to meet changing domestic and international economic conditions ; and to collaborate and cooperate with organized groups of producers outside Canada to further this objective .
To promote and advance acceptance of positive social , economic and environmental conditions of those engaged in agricultural pursuits .
To promote awareness of agricultural producer organizations , the CFA sponsors a `` Food Freedom Day '' , the date when an average Canadian family has earned enough income to pay the grocery bill for the entire year . In 2008 , the Ontario Federation of Agriculture calculated that it took 34 days ( Feb. 3 , 2008 ) for the average Ontario family to make enough to cover their food expenses for the year . The 2016 date for Food Freedom Day is February 8 .
Elected Executives
The current President of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture is Mary Robinson . They are the first female to hold this position . Robinson had previously been the chairperson of the Canadian Ag HR Council and , before that , President of the PEI Federation of Agriculture . The current First Vice President is Keith Currie , past president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture , and the acting Second Vice President is Todd Lewis , current President of APAS ( Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan ) .
CFA Membership and Policy Development
Being a federation of organizations , the deliberative body is composed of provincial farm organizations and commodity groups . Policy is generally developed in the form of grassroots resolutions , passed through member organizations and finally brought before the general assembly for a vote at the Annual General Meeting . Additional policy development decisions are deliberated by the 24 board members . Organizational decision-making is decided through a subset of the board of directors , called the National Council .
Members of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture currently include :
Provincial Farm Organizations :
Commodity Groups and Other Organizations :
References
External links
Canadian Federation of Agriculture
Agricultural organizations based in Canada
Civic and political organizations of Canada
Organizations established in 1935
Lion Blessé de Fotouni is a Cameroonian football club based in the city of Fotouni . They are a member of the Cameroonian Football Federation and currently play in the top domestic league Elite Two .
External links
Soccerway
Football clubs in Cameroon
Prądnik Czerwony is one of 18 districts of Kraków ; known as Dzielnica III ( District 3 ) , located in the northern part of the city . The name Prądnik Czerwony comes from a village of same name ( first mentioned in 1105 ) that is now a part of the district .
According to the Central Statistical Office data , the district 's area is and 47 775 people inhabit Prądnik Czerwony .
Subdivisions of Prądnik Czerwony
Prądnik Czerwony is divided into smaller subdivisions ( osiedles ) . Here 's a list of them .
Olsza
Olsza II
Prądnik Czerwony
Rakowice
Śliczna
Ugorek
Warszawskie
Wieczysta
Akacjowa
Population
References
External links
Official website of Prądnik Czerwony
Biuletyn Informacji Publicznej
Districts of Kraków
This is a list of the complete squads for the 2017 Six Nations Championship , an annual rugby union tournament contested by the national rugby teams of England , France , Ireland , Italy , Scotland and Wales . England is the defending champions .
Note : Number of caps and players ' ages are indicated as of 4 February 2017 – the tournament 's opening day .
England
On 20 January , head coach Eddie Jones named a 35-man squad .
Head coach : Eddie Jones
Call-ups
On 20 February , Mako Vunipola returned to the squad following injury while Henry Slade was an addition to the team ahead of Italy .
On 28 February , Paul Hill was an addition to the training squad during the week off between Rounds 3 and 4 .
On 7 March , Billy Vunipola returned to the squad following injury .
France
On 18 January 2017 , Novès called up a 32-man squad in preparation for the tournament .
Head coach : Guy Novès
Call-ups
On 22 January , Henry Chavancy was called up to the squad as an injury replacement for Wesley Fofana .
On 23 January , Mathieu Bastareaud and Xavier Chiocci were called up as injury cover following injuries to Henry Chavancy and Eddy Ben Arous .
On 24 January , Christopher Tolofua was called up to the squad as an injury replacement for Camille Chat . Raphaël Lakafia also withdrew from the squad but was not replaced .
On 5 February , Gabriel Lacroix was called up to the squad to replace the injured Yann David .
On 20 February , Brice Dulin , Paul Jedrasiak , Bernard Le Roux and Charles Ollivon were called up to the squad .
On 5 March , Jonathan Danty and François Trinh-Duc were called up to the squad ahead of the round 4 clashes with Italy .
On 9 March , Antoine Dupont was a late call up to the squad following an injury to Maxime Machenaud in training .
Ireland
On 23 January 2017 , Joe Schmidt named a 40-man squad for the opening two rounds of the championship .
Head Coach : Joe Schmidt
Call-ups
On 31 January , Ian Keatley was called up to the squad as injury cover for Johnny Sexton who was ruled out of the opening round of the Championship .
On 19 February , Quinn Roux was named in an extended squad ahead of the third round clash against France .
Italy
On 13 January 2017 , head coach Conor O'Shea named a 32-man squad .
Head Coach : Conor O'Shea
Call-ups
On 22 February , Michele Rizzo was named in the team to face England in round 3 .
On 1 March , uncapped duo Luca Sperandio and Matteo Minozzi were called up to the squad , with Minozzi providing cover for Tommaso Allan .
Scotland
On 18 January , Vern Cotter named a 37-man squad ahead of the tournament .
Head Coach : Vern Cotter
Wales
On 17 January 2017 , caretaker head coach Rob Howley named a 36-man squad .
Head coach : Rob Howley ( caretaker )
References
squads
2017 Squads
Mathias Cole Anderle ( born July 3 , 1993 ) is an American singer-songwriter , born and raised in Puyallup , Washington , United States . Anderle 's stylistic influences include reggae , pop , rock , folk , jazz , and hip hop .
Anderle played the male lead in the Nickelodeon film School Gyrls , which was written and directed by Nick Cannon and released their first single `` Shine On '' .
Personal life
Anderle was born in Puyallup , Washington . By the age of 5 , they were singing and performing at local church productions . They taught themselves how to play the guitar at the age of 10 and began playing the local coffee house circuit while they were still in Jr. High School . Mathias co-writes most of their own songs and their influences are varied . They attended public school at Hunt Elementary , Ferrucci Jr. High , Glacier View Jr. High and would have gone to Emerald Ridge High but they relocated to Los Angeles to pursue their acting , singing and modeling career .
Music career
In 2010 , Anderle released their first single `` Shine On '' under the record label Razor & Tie which is featured on the Kidz Bop 17 album . The single peaked at # 14 on iTunes .
They then released another single late summer 2010 entitled `` Summertime '' which peaked at # 13 on iTunes . On March 11 , 2011 they released a free single off their upcoming mixtape call `` Gone '' . Mathias was part of a boy band called `` Invasion '' and was touring public schools . They were also part of a boy band called The Boy Band Project , with 4 others including Levi Mitchell , Brandon Pulido , Nick Dean , Zac Mann . They toured public schools and have various fans throughout most of America . The Boy Band Project released the single `` Find that girl '' in 2013 . The group parted ways in February 2014 announced over Twitter .
Acting career
Anderle played the lead male role of Colin in the Nick Cannon film School Gyrls which debuted in early 2010 on Nickelodeon and Teen Nick . Also in 2010 they were an extra in the Kate Voegele music video for `` 99 Times '' as well as the Jason Castro music video `` Let 's Just Fall in Love Again '' . They are featured in a `` Baby Bottle Pop '' commercial in which they sing the jingle . In 2011 they were an extra in the Caitlyn Taylor Love music video `` Even If It Kills Me '' .
Discography
Singles
`` Shine On '' ( 2010 )
`` Summertime '' ( 2010 )
`` Gone '' ( 2011 )
`` Find that Girl '' ( 2013 )
References
External links
Living people
Singers from Washington ( state )
American reggae musicians
American male film actors
American child singers
American male television actors
Male models from Washington ( state )
Child pop musicians
People from Puyallup , Washington
Guitarists from Los Angeles
Guitarists from Washington ( state )
1993 births
Ataxia perplexa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Charles Joseph Gahan in 1892 . It is known to be from Mexico .
References
Ataxia ( beetle )
Beetles described in 1892
The DuPage Opera Theatre ( DOT ) is one of three professional opera companies located in the Chicago area , along with the Lyric Opera of Chicago and the Chicago Opera Theater . Founded in 1977 as a resident , professional ensemble at the McAninch Arts Center at the College of DuPage in Glen Ellyn , Illinois , DuPage Opera has mounted several hundred performances since its inception .
DuPage Opera Theatre performs in the 793-seat main stage of the Arts Center . The Arts Center opened on October 10 , 1986 , and 12 years later was renamed the Harold D. McAninch Arts Center . The MAC , as it is commonly referred to , is home to three resident professional ensembles : Buffalo Theatre Ensemble , DuPage Opera Theatre , and New Philharmonic , as well as the Gahlberg Gallery , a space for visual art exhibition .
Harold Bauer was the founding artistic director and conductor of the company . Kirk Muspratt is the current artistic director and music director , a position that they have held since July 2004 . In December 2006 , Muspratt was named `` Chicagoan of the Year '' in classical music by John von Rhein and the staff of the Chicago Tribune . In their first four seasons , productions at the DuPage Opera Theatre featured Le nozze di Figaro , Il barbiere di Siviglia , La bohème , Faust , Otello and Tosca . In 2008 , Muspratt stated that by tackling such renowned operas as Otello , `` we are showcasing DuPage Opera 's growth and new vision '' .
DOT 's productions of the last 20 years include :
Così fan tutte ( 1991 )
The Barber of Seville ( 1993 , 2005 )
Jenůfa ( 1994 )
Don Pasquale ( 1994 )
Die Fledermaus ( 1995 )
Amahl and the Night Visitors ( 1995 , 2003 )
Lazarus by ( 1996 )
La rondine ( 1996 )
The Marriage of Figaro ( 1997 , 2004 )
The Elixir of Love ( 1997 , 2009 )
Abduction from the Seraglio ( 1998 )
Carmen ( 1998 , 2006 )
The Merry Widow ( 1999 )
La bohème ( 1999 , 2007 )
Fidelio ( 2000 )
The Merry Wives of Windsor ( 2000 )
Werther ( 2001 )
The Magic Flute ( 2001 )
Tosca ( 2002 , 2008 )
Susannah ( 2002 )
Don Giovanni ( 2003 )
La traviata ( 2004 )
Faust ( 2005 )
Hansel and Gretel ( 2007 )
Otello ( 2008 )
The Beggar 's Opera ( 2009 )
Turandot ( 2010 )
Gianni Schicchi ( 2011 )
Gallery
External links
Von Rhein , John . `` Kirk Muspratt : Making the Orchestra Accessible '' , Chicago Tribune , 31 December 2006 .
Dupage Opera Theater on Operabase
Opera companies in Chicago
1977 establishments in Illinois
Musical groups established in 1977
The black thrush ( Turdus infuscatus ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It was formerly known as the black robin . It is found in El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , and Mexico . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
black thrush
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Honduras
Birds of the Sierra Madre Oriental
black thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Amaliegade 11 is a former 18th century town house in the Frederiksstaden neighborhood of central Copenhagen , Denmark . The house was originally constructed in the mid-1750s with a facade design by Niels Eigtved in accordance with their overall guidelines for buildings in the new district . In the 1870s , it was acquired by silversmith Vilhelm Christesen and heightened to four storeys . On its rear is a succession of three free-standing secondary buildings separated by small courtyards . The building fronting the street and the two first rear wings , both of which are half-timbered , were listed in the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1978 . Other notable former residents include two later admirals and a foreign minister .
History
18th century
When Frederiksstaden was founded in 1750 , it was initially envisioned as a district for the nobility and the city 's most wealthy merchants . It soon proved difficult to sell the lots and some of them were therefore sold to well-to-do craftsmen . Jan Jansen , a cooper , purchased a long narrow lot at the site . They started out by constructing two half-timbered secondary buildings on the central part of their new property in 1753 . In 185455 , they were followed by a more elegant building vfronting the street . The facade was like many of the other houses from the same years in the street designed by the architect Nicolai Eigtved . Eigtved had also created the masterplan for the new district . On the rear of Jensen 's property was a small garden .
In the new cadastre of 1756 , the property was listed as No . 71 X. on Christian Gede 's district map of St. Ann 's East Quarter from 1757 , it is marked as No . 312 .
The property was by 1787 owned by the 47-year-old widow Else Margrethe Jansen . They lived in one of the apartments with their four children ( aged 11 to 17 ) and a female cook . Anne Sophie Klein , another widow , resided in another apartment with three unmarried daughters ( aged 19 to 35 ) . Hans Hansen Kaabesholt , a first mate ( styrmand ) , resided in a third apartment with their wife Kirstine Marie , their one-year-old daughter and an eight-year-old daughter from the wife 's first marriage . Peder Børre , a skipper , resided in the building with their Dorthe Sophie Qvist and a female cook . Else Margrethe , a 47-year-old widow , resided in the building with a female cook . Dorthe Cathrine Kock , a 47-year-old widow , resided in the building with their three children ( aged 7 to 17 ) and a female cook . Schiubart , another widow , resided in the building with a female cook . Friderich Wium ( 1740-1799 ) , a secretary ( depechesekretær ) in Generalitetet ) , resided in the building with their wife Johanne Elisabeth Reiersen , their two children ( aged seven and nine ) , a maid and a female cook . The wife 's brother was the wealthy business person and landowner Niels Lunde Reiersen . Jens Bruun , the proprietor of a tavern in the basement , resided in the associated dwelling with their wife Maren Bruun , their six children ( aged nine to 25 ) and a female cook .
19th century
In the new cadastre of 1806 , the property was listed as St. Ann 's Quarter , No . 154 . It had by then been acquired by the naval officer Peter Johan Wleugel ( 17661835 ) . During the Battle of Copenhagen , in August 1807 , they served as commander of the brig Mercurius which was stationed at Kalbebod Beach . They reached the rank of counter admiral in 1833 .
Holger Christian Reedtz ( 1800-1857 ) , who then served as secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs , resided in the building from 1832 to 1835 .
No . 154 was at the time of the 1740 census home to a total of 66 people . The Actress at the Royal Danish Theatre Nathalia Ryge was in 1840 in the ground floor apartment .
Carl Edouard van Dockum ( 1804-1893 ) , a naval officer , was among the residents in 184546 . They had just returned to Copenhagen after serving as commander of the brig Najaden on a voyage to New York City and moved when they were appointed as head of the Naval Cadet Academy .
The silver smith and manufacturer Vilhelm Christesen was from 1858 based in the first of the three rear wings . They resided withhis family in the apartment on the second floor . Their silver workshop occupied the two lower floors while the attic housed the gold workshop . In 1878 , they were able to purchase the entire property . From then on the family resided in the more prestigious apartment on the first floor of the front wing . They heightened the building to four storeys . Water and gas was also installed in all apartments . The basement of the building fronting the street was converted into a commercial space with a residential apartment for the tenant on its rear . The premises were over the next years mainly operated as a tavern .
Christesen 's firm was especially remowned for its 'Ancient Norse ' style jewellery , copying archeological objects , form the Bronze Age to the medieval period . The company 's work was popular in England where it was copied by læcal goldsmiths . Christesen died in 1899 and is buried in the Cemetery of Holmen .
20th century
A restaurant named Teatercaféen , literally `` The Teatre Café '' , was in the 1930s based in the basement . Its name was inspired by Casino Teatret on the orher side of the street .
Vilh . Søborg 's Efterfølger , a printing business , was from 1845 based in the building . It had until then been based at Stormgade 6 .
Albert Madsen 's Eftf , a retailer of furnishings and fittings for ships , was in 1072 based in the basement . The company had until then been based at Havnegade 51 .
Architecture
Amaliegade 11 was originally constructed with a facade designed by Nicolai Eigtved in accordance with their own guidelines for the Frederiksstaden district . The mezzanine was in connection with Christesen 's alterations in the 1870s replaced by a full third and fourth storey . The building is constructed in brick and stands on a granite plinth . It is rendered in a red colour with sandstone details . The five-bays wide building has a slightly projecting median risalit and the wide outer bays are flanked by lesenes . The cartouche above the gate dates from the construction of the building and features a barrel and a tub as a reference to the first owner 's trade . The facade is finished by a modillioned cornice . The roof is clad with black tiles and features four arched dormer windows . A door in the gateway provides access to the building 's principal staircase .
The first of the three rear wings ( 1753 ) is a yellow-washed free-standing building , eight bays wide , in three storeys . It has a red tile roof with a three-astorey , through-going gabled wall dormer over the four central bays . The roof is pierced by a central chimney . A roof terrace has been created on each side of the chimney in modern time . The front side of the ground storey has been rebuilt in brick whereas its reart side is still constructed with timber framing . A two-bay passageway in the sixth and seventh bay of the building provides access to the second courtyard . A door in the passageway provides access to the building 's main staircase .
The second rear wing ( No . 11B , 1753 ) is constructed with brown-painted timber framing and red-washed infills . It consists of two storeys and a roof with a three-storey gabled wall dormer . It is eight bays wide towards the second courtyard and nine bays wide towards the third courtyard . The roof is clad with red tiles and is pierced by a substantial chimney .
The building fronting the street ( No . 11 ) and the two first rear wings ( No . 11A and No . 11B ) were listed in the Danish registry of protected buildings and places in 1978 . The last of the three rear wings is not part of the heritage listing .
Today
The property has been converted into condominiums . The property is jointly owned by the owners of the individual condominiums through E/F Amaliegade 11 . The two condominiums in Amaliegade 11B were in 2019 owned by DR journalist Nina Munch-Perrin and media personality Bubber .
References
Further reading
Erichsen , John : Frederiksstaden . Grundlæggelsen af en københavnsk bydel 1749-1760. . 1972 .
Historiske huse i det gamle København . Nationalmuseet . 1972 ( p. 18 ) .
Langberg . Harald : Hvem byggede hvad . Red . . Politikens Forlag . 2nd edition . 1968 ( volu . I , p. 28 ) .
Kayser , Kjeld : Københavnerbindingsværk . Nationalmuseets Købstadsundersøgelser . 1985 ( p.70 , 83 og 298 ) .
Minderige huse – kendte mænd og kvinders boliger '' . Kraks Forlag . 1922 .
External links
Listed residential buildings in Copenhagen
Timber framed buildings in Copenhagen
Frederiksstaden
Houses completed in 1755
1866 establishments in Denmark
Icelandic Annals are manuscripts which record chronological lists of events of thirteenth , fourteenth century in and around Iceland , though some , like the Annal of the Oddaverjar and the Lawman 's annal ( Lögmannsannáll ) reach the fifteenth century , and the Annal of Gottskálk even reaches the sixteenth .
See also
Flateyjarannáll – annals found at the end of Flateyjarbók .
References
Icelandic manuscripts
is a former Japanese football player .
Playing career
Inoue was born in Niiza on May 28 , 1977 . After graduating from University of Tsukuba , they joined J2 League club Consadole Sapporo in 2000 . However they could not play at all in the match behind Yohei Sato and Yosuke Fujigaya until 2003 . In 2004 , they moved to Japan Football League ( JFL ) club Yokogawa Musashino . They became a regular goalkeeper and played many matches until 2006 . In 2007 , they moved to JFL club Gainare Tottori . They played many matches as regular goalkeeper until 2008 . However they could not play at all in the match behind Junnosuke Schneider in 2009 and Kiyomitsu Kobari in 2010 . The club was promoted to J2 from 2011 and they played several matches from 2011 . However they could not play many matches and retired end of 2012 season .
Club statistics
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
University of Tsukuba alumni
Association football people from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Tokyo Musashino United FC players
Gainare Tottori players
Association football goalkeepers
Yvan Leyvraz ( born 1954 – 28 July 1986 ) was a Swiss employee of Solidar Suisse and part of the international solidarity brigades in Nicaragua after the presidential election victory of Daniel Ortega and the Sandinistas and the ensuing Contra war . They were the second Swiss national to be killed by US-supported contras in Nicaragua .
Commitment in Nicaragua
Leyvraz was sent to Nicaragua as an employee of Solidar Suisse at the beginning of 1983 and was helping the work brigades there . In the summer of 1983 , they led the first Swiss work brigade to rebuild a bridge in Matagalpa .
In 1984 , Solidar Suisse took over responsibility for a Swiss-Nicaraguan construction work brigade . With them , they helped found several cooperatives for farmers resettled out of the war regions . As of March 1986 , they were working around El Cuá-Bocay in Jinotega . In April 1985 , they were managing the construction of several houses near Wiwilí . In May 1986 , three of their Nicaraguan technicians were murdered by a group of Contras . Another of the first projects of the brigade was the Yale cooperative , attacked by contras on 31 May 1986 .
In the morning of 28 July 1986 , Leyvraz was the driver of one of two pickups leaving Wiwilí . At Zompopera—a region at the headwater of Río Coco between Wiwilí and the city of Jinotega—the pickups were ambushed by the contras and Leyvraz ' truck was hit by an anti-tank grenade launcher , which killed them and four companions . After , who was murdered in February 1986 , they became the second Swiss national killed in the international solidarity movement in Nicaragua . In 2016 a number of Leyvras ' former colleagues went back to Nicaragua to commemorate the 30-year anniversary of their death . The twentieth anniversary had been similarly memorialized .
Reactions
The Federal Department of Foreign Affairs expressed its regrets over the death of Leyvraz but did not officially protest to the United States . A secretary of state even declared that they were cowed by the Americans into admitting that the murdered Swiss men were `` left-wing people '' .
As a political consequence of the deaths of Leyvraz and Demierre , Switzerland banned some regions of Nicaragua from receiving project support from the Swiss federal government . This reaction also affected a Swiss auxiliary .
Books
Jacques Depallens , Nicaragua 1986 : l'aventure internationaliste de Maurice , Yvan , Joel et Berndt ( Centre Europe-Tiers Monde ) Geneva 1996 ,
Movies
Olivia Heussler , Der Tod von Yvan Leyvraz ( The Death of Yvan Leyvraz ) . Swiss-German TV production , Nicaragua , 1986
Kristina Konrad , Unser America ( Our America ) . Documentary , Germany/Switzerland , 2006 . - Part of the movie refers to Leyvraz .
Music
The Bern-based chanteur Michel Bühler dedicated Chanson Pour Yvan Leyvraz ( Song for Yvan Leyvraz ) on their 2007 album `` Jusqu ' à Quand ? '' ( Until When ? ) to Leyvraz .
See also
List of unsolved murders
References
External links
Solidar Suisse - memorial day for Yvan Leyvraz ( archived from the original in the Internet Archive , German )
Article in Journal der Solidarités , 2006 ( French ) .
1954 births
1980s murders in Nicaragua
1986 crimes in Nicaragua
1986 deaths
1986 murders in North America
Male murder victims
Swiss humanitarians
Unsolved murders in Nicaragua
William Anselmi is an Italian-born academic and writer . Their work has focused on Italian poetry ( neoavanguardia , sperimentalismo ) ; Italian Canadian literature and culture ; narratives of displacement ; the body organic/technological ; the Image vs. the Word ; media : television , cinema , Italian alternative music ; environments of technological communication .
Academic life
Dr. Anselmi received an MA from Carleton University in 1983 and a PhD in Comparative Literature in 1992 from l'Université de Montréal , with a dissertation entitled Sperimentalismo e/o avanguardia poetiche pratiche del Gruppo 63 . They then returned to Carleton University as an assistant professor , before coming to the University of Alberta , serving first as Associate Professor and then Professor of Italian and Italian-Canadian Literature and Culture .
They are currently a managing editor for Imaginations , an online journal focusing on cross-cultural image studies .
Sopranos 101
Dr. Anselmi received national attention in the mid-2000s for a series of televised lectures they gave on The Sopranos as a cultural representation of Italian heritage in North America . The lectures aired after episodes of the series on Telelatino . In an interview for the National Post Anselmi states that :
The Sopranos use the Mafia as a metaphor to really talk about the American dream , and take it apart episode by episode . ... In the negative space of this Mafia family you actually find those values that are not present any more in the American dream . So the shadow , the negative side of the American dream , has those values , and those values are very ancient values such as trust , respect—very biblical , you know , sort of old Bible , Old Testament values , friendship .
Literary life
Dr. Anselmi 's first story , 'The Joke of Eternal Returns ' , was published in the 1989 anthology , Ricordi : Things Remembered . Their most recent work is a travel narrative of the Italian city of Orvieto , Orvieto : Urbs Vetus , which appeared in 2009 .
They have also served as the president of the Association of Italian Canadian Writers from 1998 to 2000 and is currently the Canadian correspondent for Hebenon , an Italian language international journal of literature .
Selected works
Books
Orvieto Urbs Vetus . Toronto : Guernica Editions , 2009 .
Mary Melfi : Essays on Them Works . Guest Editor . Toronto : Guernica Editions , 2007 .
Happy slaves : a duologue on multicultural deficit with K. Gouliamos . Toronto : Guernica Editions , 2005 .
Elusive Margins : Consuming Media , Ethnicity , and Culture with K. Gouliamos . Toronto : Guernica Editions , 1998 .
Mediating Culture : The Politics of Representation with K. Gouliamos . Toronto : Guernica Editions , 1994 .
Articles
`` Long Played revolutions : utopic narratives , canzoni d'autore . '' Ed.Ian Peddie , Popular Music and Human Rights . Volume II : World Music , Ashgate Press : Farnham ( UK ) , forthcoming 2011 .
[ w/S . Wilson ] . `` For Whom the post Tolls : Beyond technologies of Feminism : Postmortem of Transnational Communicative Environments . '' Editor Kostas Gouliamos , Journal of Critical Studies in Business & Society . European University Cyprus . 2010 .
[ w/L . Hogan ] . `` Pinocchio : tracciato fra modernita ' , migrazione e tecnologia . '' ( Pinocchio : traced through modernity , migration and technology ) Variazioni Pinocchio . 7 letture sulla riscrittura del mito . Editor Fabrizio Scrivano : Morlacchi Editore , Perugia , 2010 .
`` Du 'transitionnisme ' '' . Ed . F. Caccia , La transculture et ViceVersa.Tryptyque : Montreal , 2010 .
[ w/S . Wilson ] . `` Performative Radicalism in contemporary Canadian documentary film . '' Sweden : Film International # 37 . Vol . 7 , Issue 1 ( February 2009 ) .
[ w/S Wilson ] . `` Slumdogging it : rebranding the American Dream , New World Orders , Neo-colonialism . '' Sweden : Film International , May 2009. http : //www.filmint.nu/ ? q=node/149
[ w/S Wilson ] . `` From Inch'Allah Dimanche to Sharia in Canada : Empire Management , Gender Representations , and Communication Strategies in the 21st Century . '' From Solidarity to Schisms . Ed . Cara Cilano . Amsterdam : Rodopi B.V. , 2009 .
[ w/L . Hogan ] . `` Tesi sull'etnia , il capitale umano e l'emigrazione italiana in Canada nell'era globale '' , in Emigrazione Notizie ( FILEF ) , Materiali , September 2007 .
`` Italian Canadian as displacement poetics : context , history , and literary production . '' Studi Emigrazione/Migration Studies – International journal of migration studies , Volume XLIV N. 166 ( April–June 2007 ) .
`` Absenting Community , I-Can Institutions – the Wopization of ( Historical ) Subjectivities as Re ( dis ) placed Decultured Being . '' Italian Canadiana , Volume 20 , ( 2006 ) .
[ w/L . Hogan ] , `` L'emigrazione italiana in Canada nell'era globale tra aspetti culturali e risvolti economici . '' ( The Italian emigration in Canada in the global era between cultural aspects and economic fall-outs ) . Memoria e Ricerca , Fascicolo 18 , ( 2005 ) .
`` Ars Bellica , or How Spielberg read Pinocchio to Benigni in the Land of the Free '' . Quaderni d'Italianistica , Special Edition on Pinocchio and Children 's Literature . Vol . XXV , no . 1 , ( 2004 ) .
References
External links
University of Alberta faculty page
Living people
Université de Montréal alumni
Carleton University alumni
Carleton University faculty
University of Alberta faculty
Canadian people of Italian descent
Year of birth missing ( living people )
←2005 - 2006 - 2007→
This is a list of Japanese television dramas often called doramas by fans .
2006 Winter Season
Series
2006 Spring Season
Series
2006 Summer Season
Series
2006 Fall Season
Series
See also
List of Japanese television dramas
List of Japanese Television Dramas
Dramas , 2006
Kavalyow or Kavaliou ( ) , or Kavalyova , Kavaliova ( feminine ; Кавалёва ) , is a common Belarusian surname , an equivalent of the English `` Smith '' and Russian `` Kovalyov '' ( derived from the Belarusian word kaval , which means blacksmith ) .
The surname may refer to :
Aleh Kavalyow , Belarusian professional footballer
Viktoria Kavaliova , Belarusian ice dancer
Yury Kavalyow , Belarusian professional footballer
Belarusian-language surnames
be : Кавалёў
Charles Baillie-Hamilton may refer to :
Charles Baillie-Hamilton ( Aylesbury MP ) ( 1800–1865 ) , MP for Aylesbury
Charles Baillie-Hamilton ( Bath MP ) ( 1900–1939 ) , MP for Bath
Charles R. Baillie-Hamilton ( 1848–1927 ) , played football for Scotland in 1870
Charles Baillie-Hamilton ( priest ) ( 1764–1820 ) , English Anglican priest
See also
Charles Baillie ( disambiguation )
Charles Hamilton ( disambiguation )
Harris is an unincorporated community in North Township , Marshall County , Indiana .
Harris was originally called Harris Station ; it contained a depot on the Vandalia Railroad .
Geography
Harris is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Abdelrahman Sayed Abdou ( ; born 30 January 1996 ) is an Egyptian handball player for Al Ahly and the Egyptian national team .
They participated at the World Men 's Handball Championship in 2017 , 2019 and 2021 .
References
1996 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Handball players at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Egypt
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
Hampstead Road may refer to :
Hampstead Road , Adelaide
Hampstead Road , London
Primrose Hill railway station , the disused railway station in London that opened with this name
Uriah Upjohn ( September 7 , 1808 - November 23 , 1896 ) was a British-born pioneer doctor and abolitionist in the Michigan Territory and later in the state of Michigan . They are the father of William E. Upjohn , founder of The Upjohn Company in Kalamazoo , Michigan .
Early life
Uriah Upjohn was the ninth of twelve children , and the second son born to Mary Standard and William Upjohn ( 1770-1853 ) . Although born in South Wales , they grew up in Shaftesbury , England . Upjohn received elementary education in the English schools , and then attended the Heytesbury and Castle Carry schools . They also attended the Blue Coat School , a school in Shaftesbury that prepared boys for apprenticeships . Many Upjohn family members were educated at the school , including Upjohn 's cousin Richard Upjohn , the famous British-born architect behind New York City 's famed Trinity Church .
Widespread unemployment and unrest plagued England in the 1820s , and Uriah Upjohn 's father feared the situation would not allow their children to advance in life . In 1828 , William Upjohn ( 1779-1847 ) sent their two older sons , Uriah Upjohn and William Upjohn Jr. ( 1807-1887 ) , to the United States to look for opportunities and a home for the family . The brothers arrived in New York City in June 1828 and spent two years travelling the east coast on horseback looking for the perfect location for their family to settle . During the winters , they earned money by teaching in East Hamburg , New York . After their extensive travels , the brothers agreed that central New York would be the best place for their family .
In the spring of 1830 , Uriah Upjohn returned home to their family in England while their brother , William Upjohn Jr. , stayed in New York . On July 11 , 1830 , the Upjohn family departed from Liverpool on the William Byrnes , and after a seven-week journey , they arrived in New York City on August 29 , 1830 . Shortly thereafter , the family moved up the Hudson River and settled in Greenbush , New York .
Medical education
In 1832 , Upjohn begin their studies in medicine at the College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City . The program included two years of study followed by an apprenticeship . They advanced their studies by attending two sessions of `` Physic and Surgery '' at the New York hospital from 1833 to 1834.During their summers , Upjohn attended two full courses of anatomy and surgery under Professor Alden March , a co-founder of the American Medical Association . Alongside their brother , Upjohn apprenticed under Dr. George Hale . Upon the brothers ' graduation in March 1834 , Dr. Valentine Mott wrote strong letters of recommendation for both of the brothers .
Career
After graduating from medical school in 1834 , Uriah Upjohn briefly practiced medicine in Brighton , New York .
In June 1835 , Uriah Upjohn , now 27 , and William Jr. went west to the Michigan Territory . The brothers settled in Richland , Michigan , where they built a log cabin . After Michigan achieved statehood in 1837 , Upjohn travelled to Detroit to obtain an official license to practice medicine in Michigan .
Michigan 's disease-infested swamps and marshes , coupled with a lack of fresh fruit and vegetables , led to an outbreak of malaria and the `` Michigan rash , '' a condition similar to scurvy . Because doctors were scarce , Upjohn was responsible for caring for patients in five counties : Kalamazoo , Allegan , Barry , Calhoun , and St. Joseph .
For more than twenty years , Upjohn travelled on horseback along existing Native American trails in all weather conditions . Many of their patients were struggling to adjust to pioneer life , and as a result , many could not afford to pay Upjohn for their services , and they frequently treated patients for free . As a way to combat diseases such as malaria , Upjohn often dispensed quinine . They used quinine long before its benefits were acknowledged by the medical community .
Upjohn became a well-established doctor in southwestern Michigan . They contributed to the organization of the Kalamazoo County Medical Society , and was elected its first president on October 25 , 1848 . In the last 15 years of their practice , Upjohn largely served as a medical consultant .
Political beliefs
Uriah Upjohn was an abolitionist . In the early 1830s , they joined the Anti-Slavery Society in Albany , New York . In 1836 , helped found a branch in Richland , Michigan . In 1845 and 1852 , Upjohn was nominated for Congress on the Free Soil Ticket ; however , they declined the nomination in 1852 because they supported the Whig candidate . Upjohn supported the Republican Party upon its founding in 1854 .
Upjohn served as land supervisor for Richland , Michigan . Uriah Upjohn and their brother , Dr. William Upjohn ( 1807-1887 ) , successfully petitioned the state 's legislature to include the Homestead Act to Michigan 's Constitution .
See also
Upjohn
References
People from Shaftesbury
People from Richland , Michigan
British expatriates in the United States
American abolitionists
Physicians from Michigan
1808 births
1896 deaths
Alfredo del Diestro ( 1885–1951 ) was Chilean actor and film director .
Selected filmography
Revolution ( 1933 )
Prisoner 13 ( 1933 )
Godfather Mendoza ( 1934 )
The Crying Woman ( 1933 )
Nothing More Than a Woman ( 1934 )
Juarez and Maximillian ( 1934 )
Gold and Silver ( 1934 )
Heroic Silence ( 1935 )
Neither Blood Nor Sand ( 1941 )
References
Bibliography
Charles Ramírez Berg . The Classical Mexican Cinema : The Poetics of the Exceptional Golden Age Films . University of Texas Press , 2015 .
External links
1885 births
1951 deaths
Chilean male film actors
Chilean film directors
People from Valparaíso
Salina Bookshelf is a publishing company based in Flagstaff , Arizona .
Founded in 1994 by teenagers Eric and Kenneth Lockard , non-native but fluent in the Navajo language due to growing up among the Navajo , the company specializes in Navajo-language books , mostly for children and teenagers , and is the only Navajo-language publisher in the United States .
Among its publications are a bilingual edition of the children 's book Who wants to be a prairie dog ? in English and Navajo , and Diné Bizaad Bínáhooʼaah , a Navajo language textbook that was officially adopted by the state of New Mexico in 2008 .
Salina Bookshelf currently has six full-time employees and three translators .
References
Book publishing companies of the United States
Navajo language
Flagstaff , Arizona
1994 establishments in Arizona
Dmytro Kushnirov ( , born 1 April 1990 ) is a Ukrainian retired professional football defender who last played for Daugava Daugavpils in the Latvian Higher League and currently is retired from professional football career .
Kushnirov is product of RVUFK Kyiv sportive school .
They became the Champion of the European Under-19 Football Championship in 2009 .
As for 2016 Kushnirov is working in the Ukrainian police and in February 2017 was promoted to the police rank of lieutenant .
Honours
2009 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship : Champion
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Talne
Ukrainian footballers
Association football defenders
Ukraine youth international footballers
Ukraine under-21 international footballers
Piddubny Olympic College alumni
FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv players
FC Dynamo-3 Kyiv players
FC Daugava players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Latvian Higher League players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Latvia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Latvia
Ukrainian police officers
Sportspeople from Cherkasy Oblast
Anglicana may refer to :
Court hand , a style of handwriting used in medieval English law courts
Anglicana ( album ) , a 2002 release by English folk musician Eliza Carthy
FC Mashynobudivnyk Druzhkivka was a Ukrainian football club from Druzhkivka , Donetsk Oblast .
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Football clubs in Donetsk Oblast
Association football clubs established in the 1930s
Association football clubs disestablished in 2002
1930s establishments in Ukraine
2002 disestablishments in Ukraine
`` Another Girl , Another Planet '' is a song by English rock band the Only Ones . It is the second track on their debut album , The Only Ones , released in 1978 . The song is the band 's most successful and has since been covered by several other performers .
Recording
It was recorded on a 16-track analogue Studer tape machine and an ex-Steve Marriott Helios mixing console at Escape Studios , a residential facility in Egerton , Kent , England , by engineer/producer John Burns , assisted by Jennifer Maidman , and later worked on and mixed at Basing Street Studios by Robert Ash .
Chart performance
The track was not a chart hit upon its initial release in 1978 . Its first chart appearance was 7 June 1981at No . 44 , for one week , on the New Zealand chart . It was re-released in the UK in January 1992 , backed with `` Pretty in Pink '' by the Psychedelic Furs to promote the compilation album , Sound of the Suburbs , and appeared in the UK Singles Chart for two weeks , peaking at No . 57 .
Recognition
AllMusic describes it as `` Arguably , the greatest rock single ever recorded '' .
The song was placed at number 18 in John Peel 's all-time Festive Fifty millennium editions . Playing it in the 1980 's Festive Fifty , they introduced it as an `` artful little caprice '' .
In March 2005 , Q magazine placed the song at number 83 in its list of the 100 Greatest Guitar Tracks .
`` A fantastic song with an amazing guitar line , '' enthused Tim Wheeler of Ash . `` It took me a long time to figure out that it 's about drugs – not a girl from another planet – and that space travel is a metaphor for being high . It was Peter Perrett 's heroin-heavy drawl that eventually gave it away . '' In an interview in 2015 Perrett declared that the song has been actually inspired by a girl and that it is not about heroin , nevertheless admitting that they always enjoyed `` writing ambiguous lyrics that could be taken on two or three different levels '' .
In popular culture
The song 's title was used as the name of a 1992 American independent movie directed by Michael Almereyda , though the song does not appear in the film . It does appear , though , in six films and their soundtracks : That Summer ! ( 1979 ) , Different for Girls ( 1996 ) , Me Without You ( 2001 ) , D.E.B.S . ( 2004 ) , Paul ( 2011 ) , and Them Smell ( 2018 ) .
Cover versions
Blink-182
Blink-182 recorded a cover of this song for the opening track of Travis Barker 's MTV reality show Meet the Barkers . It was later released in 2005 as the closing track on their Greatest Hits album .
References
1978 singles
1978 songs
The Only Ones songs
Columbia Records singles
Blink-182 songs
Songs containing the–V-vi-IV progression
Maurice Tompkin ( 17 February 1919 – 27 September 1956 ) was an English sportsman who played first-class cricket with Leicestershire and professional football for Bury , Leicester City , Huddersfield Town and Kettering Town . They were born in Countesthorpe , Leicestershire .
They played as a middle-order batsman for Leicestershire from 1938 to 1956 , scoring over 1000 runs a season from 1946 to 1955 . After their most productive season , 1955 , when they scored 2190 runs , they were selected to tour Pakistan with the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) in 1955–56 . However , they suffered ill-health when they returned , and died in hospital from pancreatic cancer after an operation . Their highest score was 186 for Leicestershire against the touring Pakistan team in 1954 .
References
External links
CricketArchive : Maurice Tompkin
Maurice Tompkin at Cricinfo
1919 births
1956 deaths
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Bury F.C . players
Leicester City F.C . players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C . players
Kettering Town F.C . players
English cricketers
Leicestershire cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
People from Countesthorpe
Players cricketers
North v South cricketers
T. N. Pearce 's XI cricketers
Deaths from cancer in the United Kingdom
Andreas Jochen Hippel ( born October 14 , 1971 ) is a musician from Kirchheimbolanden in southwest Germany . They played one of the most prominent roles in computer music during the 16-bit microcomputer era , composing hundreds of tunes for games and demos . They were also an experienced Amiga programmer and ported many of Thalion Software 's Atari ST titles . They no longer composes music for a living and in 2006 they were working in Logistics for Matheis+Koebig Baustoffe
Jochen 's first computer music was a set of Christmas songs that they arranged in a rock style on their school 's Commodore 64 .
As a member of The Exceptions under the handle Mad Max , they wrote most of the music for their demos including the B.I.G . Demo ( Best in Galaxy ) . The demo was essentially a large collection of C64 tunes that was ported across to the Atari ST 's Yamaha YM2149 sound chip using Jochen 's own driver to get the most out of it . Jochen then had to fix all the music in order to get it to sound correct on the ST as the YM2149 has no resonance filter , no Oscillator sync , no combined waveforms , no ASDR enveloping and no ring modulation , and it has fewer waveforms than the MOS Technology 6581 . Composers ( such as Rob Hubbard ) used a lot of special effects in their music which was difficult to replicate on the ST 's sound chip .
Another note of interest is that the B.I.G . demo contained an additional demo screen entitled `` The Digital Department '' containing 6 digital versions of C64 tunes . The sound routine used each channel of the YM2149 as a 4-bit DAC and played samples for each instrument . This is the first time music using PCM sample instruments is heard on the Atari ST , unfortunately only one more piece of music is ever written using this routine , albeit the 16-minute-long Knuckle Busters tune by Rob Hubbard . This appears as a guest screen in the Cuddly Demos ( written by The Carebears ) and was used to torment Richard Karsmakers of ST News who was promptly chained to a chair as the disk was formatted before their very eyes !
They worked as a freelance musician , doing music for many 16-bit games . They eventually joined Thalion Software as a programmer and musician . Their musical track for the game Amberstar is considered among their best works , and the game and Hippel 's music acquired a cult following . For in game music on the Amiga Jochen often stuck to chiptune-like sound – that became their trademark – instead of using more `` realistic '' instrument sounds that machine 's support for digitized sound made possible . Title music for Wings of Death and Lethal Xcess are exceptions .
They have released an album called Give it a Try and has composed music for other albums including tracks on Immortal 2 and Immortal 3 .
Hippel was also a programmer , they created all of their own music tools and also ported most of Thalion 's early Atari ST titles to the Commodore Amiga . Hippel also created the Amiga 7 voice replay routine which was used in several Thalion and Eclipse titles and later used by Chris Hülsbeck in their TFMX replay routine for the title music of Turrican 2 and Turrican 3 for which they wrote the in game loading music .
Video game music
NOTE : Most of the songs which are for Atari ST only are conversions while works for both machines are usually Hippel 's own compositions .
Data provided by Hall of Light , Atari Legend , Atarimania and Lemon Amiga games databases .
References
External links
Artist profile at OverClocked ReMix
Bio on Thalion Webshrine
Listing of their work on Atari Legend
Listing of their work on HOL
Jochen Hippel as a member of the band The 4 Penöre
Jochen Hippel at imdb.com
Video game composers
Demosceners
German male musicians
Living people
1971 births
People from Kirchheimbolanden
The rufous-headed woodpecker ( Celeus spectabilis ) is a species of bird in the family Picidae . It formerly included Kaempfer 's woodpecker as a subspecies .
It is found in the western Amazon basin in northern Bolivia , far southwestern Brazil ( Acre only ) , eastern Ecuador , and eastern Peru . Its natural habitats are tropical humid forests and woodland . It is often associated with bamboo .
Description
The adult rufous-headed woodpecker is about in length . The sexes differ in their facial colouring , with the male having a broad crimson patch on the cheeks which the female lacks . The back of the head in both sexes bears a shaggy crest , and the head , crest and throat are a rich chocolate brown or rufous brown . The nape has shaggy , mustard-coloured feathers , and the mantle and back are black with yellow barring . The rump and upper tail-coverts are yellowish , the main flight feathers in the wing are brown and the tail feathers are black . The upper breast is black while the lower breast and the rest of the underparts and flanks are yellow or cream with black barrings , markings or chevrons . The eye is dark , the beak is ivory or yellowish , and the legs are grey .
Distribution and habitat
The rufous-headed woodpecker is found in tropical South America , to the east of the Andes . Its range extends from Ecuador and Peru to northern Bolivia , and the westernmost parts of Brazil . It occurs in humid rain forest at altitudes of up to around , especially near rivers and on islands . In Bolivia it is often associated with Guadua , a form of clumping bamboo , while in other parts of its range , it is associated with Gynerium , Heliconia and Cecropia ; it largely feeds on ants in the understory and on the forest floor .
Status
The rufous-headed woodpecker has a large range and a presumed large total population . It is generally considered to be uncommon , and the total number of birds is likely to be in slow decline , but the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern .
References
rufous-headed woodpecker
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
rufous-headed woodpecker
rufous-headed woodpecker
rufous-headed woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Peter Jones Barrett ( February 20 , 1935 – December 17 , 2000 ) was an American sailor and Olympic champion . They competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City , where they received a gold medal in the star class with the boat North Star , together with Lowell North .
They won the silver medal in the finn class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo . They also competed in the Finn event at the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Career
Barrett competed in three Olympic Games and won two medals . They finished 11th in the Finn at the Naples , Italy Games 1960 , won a silver medal in the Finn at the 1964 Tokyo Games , and crewing for Lowell North won the Star class gold medal at the 1968 Games in Acapulco , Mexico . Throughout their competitive career Pete won several championships including the 470 Nationals , Finn North Americans , the C-Scow Blue Chip Regatta , and the A-Scow Inlands . They also crewed aboard the winning boat in the 1971 Chicago-Mackinac Race . In addition , Barrett served as a contributing editor to Yacht Racing/Cruising ( now Sailing World ) , and designed several popular sailboats including the Aquarius 21 and Aquarius 23 built by Coastal Recreation , the RK 21 , built by RK Industries , and the Mega 30 built by C & C Yachts .
Barrett was inducted into the National Sailing Hall of Fame in 2012 .
Family
Peter Barrett was the husband of Laurie Barrett ( now a retired accountant ) and father of three children : Kevin Barrett , Bruce Barrett , and Tara Barrett .
References
1935 births
2000 deaths
American male sailors ( sport )
Sailors at the 1960 Summer Olympics – Finn
Sailors at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Finn
Sailors at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Star
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Star class world champions
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in sailing
Alamitos Bay Yacht Club sailors
World champions in sailing for the United States
Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast ( 6 May 1897 – 17 March 1968 ) was an Argentinean born , French screenwriter and director .
Life
d'Abbadie d'Arrast was born in Argentina in 1893 to a family of French aristocratic origins . They moved to the United States in 1922 and settled in Hollywood . They worked as a technical advisor to Charlie Chaplin and had made their first film by 1927 .
They were nominated at the 4th Academy Awards for the now defunct category of Best Story for the film Laughter . Their nomination was shared with Donald Ogden Stewart and Douglas Z. Doty .
They also are in the French army during World War I. d'Abbadie d'Arrast married retired silent-film actor Eleanor Boardman ( 1898–1991 ) in 1940 , and remained married until their death in 1968 .
Filmography
As a Director
The Gold Rush ( 1925 ) ( assistant director , uncredited )
A Gentleman of Paris ( 1927 )
Serenade ( 1927 )
Service for Ladies ( 1927 )
Wings ( 1927 ) ( uncredited )
Dry Martini ( 1928 )
The Magnificent Flirt ( 1928 )
Laughter ( 1930 )
Raffles ( 1930 ) ( uncredited-was the director then fired )
Topaze ( 1933 )
It Happened in Spain ( 1934 )
The Three Cornered Hat ( 1935 )
As a Writer
The Magnificent Flirt ( 1928 )
Laughter ( 1930 )
Die Männer um Lucie ( 1931 )
Lo mejor es reir ( 1931 )
Rive gauche ( 1931 )
It Happened in Spain ( 1934 )
References
External links
1890s births
1968 deaths
Writers from Buenos Aires
French male screenwriters
Argentine people of French descent
20th-century French screenwriters
French military personnel of World War I
20th-century French male writers
Argentine emigrants to France
French expatriates in the United States
Tomislav Sokol ( born 20 September 1982 ) is a Croatian politician currently serving as a Member of the European Parliament for the Croatian Democratic Union since 2019 .
Political career
Sokol became a Member of the European Parliament in the 2019 election . They have since been serving on the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection . In 2022 , they also joined the Special Committee on the COVID-19 pandemic .
In addition to their committee assignments , Sokol is part of the Parliament 's delegation to the EU-Turkey Joint Parliamentary Committee . They are also a member of the European Parliament Intergroup on Seas , Rivers , Islands and Coastal Areas and the MEPs Against Cancer group .
References
Living people
MEPs for Croatia 2019–2024
Croatian Democratic Union MEPs
Croatian Democratic Union politicians
1982 births
This is a list of vessels that have served with any of the subsidiaries that make up P & O Ferries .
PandO
Independent study is a form of education offered by many high schools , colleges , and other educational institutions . It is sometimes referred to as directed study , and is an educational activity undertaken by an individual with little to no supervision . Typically a student and professor or teacher agree upon a topic for the student to research with guidance from the instructor for an agreed upon amount of credits . Independent studies provide a way for well-motivated students to pursue a topic of interest that does not necessarily fit into a traditional academic curriculum . They are a way for students to learn specialized material or gain research experience .
Independent studies provide students opportunities to explore their interests deeper and make important decisions about how and where they will direct their talents in the future . Another way to understand independent study is to understand learning from a distance . Learning from a distance is a theory in which the student is at a physical or a mental distance from their or their teacher . The student and the teacher are connected by something such as a worksheet , an essay , or through a website on the internet .
Independent study programs
For elementary and junior high , independent study is sometimes a Gifted and Talented Education ( GATE ) program , where the student must research the topic and formulate and answer questions . At the end , they develop and present a product , although not all GATE systems participate in this .
Many charter schools in the US provide independent study and homeschooling in a variety of formats : online , in-person or a hybrid of online/in-person interaction . These independent study programs are particularly helpful for those who find a traditional classroom setting to be unsatisfactory . For example , independent study is ideal for those who have children , health issues , intense work schedules , or gifted academic ability . Often students with high scholastic standing are encouraged to take independent studies to try to learn without attendance in a class . Independent study is also useful for self-directed learning activities that allow the student to be self-reliant .
A program titled `` The Research Experiences for Undergraduates '' ( REU ) has been founded by the National Science Foundation which provides funding for undergraduates to engage in different areas of research outside of the classroom . Groups are formed of graduates , undergraduates , and faculty to work on a specific research project .
Personality types
Studies have shown that personality can influence whether a person enjoys an independent study project , rather than lectures . People that believe the teacher should be authoritarian did not perform well in independent studies . However , there is evidence to suggest that personality should not solely dictate who is allowed to receive independent study .
Though not afforded the same attention as individual personality on behalf of the potential student , some interest should be given to the teachers and or professor 's ability to relate to the distance learner . Breaking the mold of in-class instruction versus the distance learner can be a difficult task to undertake by the instructor . They are not the same environment and changes and or accommodations should be made while keeping integrity of the overall class .
See also
Autodidacticism
Citizen science
List of notable autodidacts
Independent scholar
Independent scientist
References
Further reading
Educational practices
Kidangoor is a small village in Thuravoor Panchayath near Angamaly in Eranakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Kidangoor consists of vast agricultural area near Angamaly town , in Thuravoor Panchayath . It is divided into South Kidangoor and North Kidangoor . Angamaly to Manjapra - Malayaattoor road is the main road passed through this area . This area is under Thuravoor Grama panchayath , Angamaly Village , Aluva taluk , Ernakulam District . Mullassery canal is a main water stream going through the village . Kidangoor is the birthplace of V T Bhattathirippad .
Schools
Sree Bhadra LP School
Infant Jesus LP School
St. Joseph 's Higher Secondary School
Alphons Sadhan Special School
Auxilium School Kidangoor
Notable personalities
V. T. Bhattathiripad- Indian social critic , well-known dramatist and a prominent freedom fighter . Lived in kidangoor -Birthplace of their mother
Cardinal Joseph Parecattil - They served as Archbishop of Ernakulam from 1956 to 1984 , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1969 .
Chemban Vinod Jose - Famous Malayalam movie artist .
Temples
Kulappurakavu Bhagavathi Temple , a renowned temple in the area .
Kidangoor Sree Mahavishnu Temple
Kavalakkattu Mahadeva Temple
Vilangappurath Sree Bhadrakali Temple
Sree Subramanya Swami Temple
Kovattu Bhagavathi Temple
Sree malikappuram Temple
Vettakorumakan Temple
Church
Infant Jesus Church Kidangoor .
St : Jude Shrine Yoodhapuram .
St : Sebastain Church North Kidangoor .
Residents associations
Nethaji Nagar Residents Association [ NRA ]
Kidangoor Residents Association [ KRA ]
Shanthi Ngaar Residents Association
Gandhi nagar Residents Association
Haritha nagar Residents Association
Green Feeld Residents Association
Kidangoor South Residents Association ( KSRA )
Clubs
Presidency Club
Sree Muruka Arts and Sports Club
Gallery
References
Villages in Ernakulam district
Leon Labuschagne is a paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category F53 shot and discus events .
Leon competed in two paralympics , firstly in Barcelona in 1992 where they competed in the shot putt and won the THW4 discus . Four years later they again won the discus , this time in the F53 class and finished fourth in the shot putt .
References
Paralympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for South Africa
Living people
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Paralympic medalists in athletics ( track and field )
South African male discus throwers
20th-century South African people
21st-century South African people
Wheelchair discus throwers
Paralympic discus throwers
Sir Howard Douglas Hall , commonly referred to as `` The Old Arts Building '' , is the oldest university building still in use in Canada , completed in 1827 . The building is named after Howard Douglas and is located on the Fredericton campus of the University of New Brunswick . The lobby of the building resembles a small museum due to the historic documents and other artifacts stored there . The Edwin Jacob chapel is also located in the lobby . The 'Great Hallways ' of this building are filled with history as they are lined with portraits of past presidents of the university .
The building was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1951 .
Affiliations
The Museum is affiliated with : CMA , CHIN , and Virtual Museum of Canada .
References
External links
Sir Howard Douglas Hall 175th Anniversary
Buildings and structures in Fredericton
University of New Brunswick
School buildings completed in 1827
National Historic Sites in New Brunswick
Tourist attractions in Fredericton
1827 establishments in New Brunswick
Letters from My Windmill ( ) is a collection of short stories by Alphonse Daudet first published in its entirety in 1869 . Some of the stories had been published earlier in newspapers or journals such as Le Figaro and L'Evénement as early as 1865 .
The stories are all told by the author in the first person , typically addressing a Parisian reader . The author , having relocated their home from Paris , recounts short bucolic tales about their new life in Provence as well as their trips to Corsica and French Algeria . The stories vary from day-to-day events in southern France to Provençal folktales , and often feature professions and faunal references characteristic of Provence . The tales are characterised by pity , tenderness and sadness , alongside gaiety and mockery .
Letters From My Windmill is sometimes considered to be Daudet 's most important work . It is cherished by many French , particularly in the South , for the picture it paints of the local culture .
A French-language film with the same title was made in 1954 by Marcel Pagnol composed of four stories : `` The Three Low Masses '' , `` The Elixir of Father Gaucher '' , `` The Priest of Cucugnan '' and `` The Secret Of Master Cornille '' .
Trivia
The Belgian comic author Mitteï made a comic adaptation of the book in three volumes between 1979-1985 , which were released in Dutch , French and the French dialect of Liège .
References
Further reading
Hare , Geoffrey E. ( 1982 ) . `` The Unity of Lettres de Mon Moulin , '' Nineteenth-Century French Studies , Vol . 10 , No . 3/4 , pp . 317–325 .
External links
Letters from My Mill at Internet Archive ( scanned books original editions illustrated color )
Les Lettres de Mon Moulin ( 1954 ) , movie review , New York Times , December 19 , 1955 .
Letters From My Windmill , audio version : beginning and final part
Translated by Harmelin and Adams
Lettres de mon moulin , comic adaptation by Mitteï
1869 short story collections
French short story collections
Works by Alphonse Daudet
is a 1991 Japanese action film directed by Takashi Miike . It was the first film shot by Takashi Miike , even though it was released after Toppū ! Minipato tai - Aikyacchi Jankushon .
Plot
A former soldier working in a daycare center must take a young child , Riki , home with them when their mother does not show up to pick them up at the end of the day . While driving home they escape a kidnap attempt on the child by a mysterious group of armed men and decides to hide out with their former lover Saeko , a female former soldier with whom they were in love during their time in the service together . The attackers , led by the boy 's father the King of Moldova , captured their mother earlier and are now coming for their son . They track the boy to Saeko 's home , where Saeko and their former lover must battle to save the child from being abducted by their father . Saeko still has dreams about their time in the service and is willing to use their skills to fight off the attackers and protect the boy .
Cast
Yoshie Kashiwabara as Saeko
Naomi Morinaga
Kōsuke Morita
Isao Murata
References
External links
1991 films
1991 action films
Films directed by Takashi Miike
Japanese action films
1990s Japanese films
Sarcochilus ceciliae , commonly known as fairy bells , is a lithophytic orchid endemic to eastern Australia . It has up to ten channelled , spotted linear leaves and up to twenty pink flowers with a hairy labellum .
Description
Sarcochilus ceciliae is a lithophytic herb that forms small clumps on rocks . It has an erect , branching stem long with between four and ten channelled , spotted linear leaves long and wide . Between three and twenty pale to bright pink , cup-shaped flowers long and wide are arranged on a flowering stem long . The dorsal sepal is long , about wide and the lateral sepals are a similar length or slightly longer . The petals are long and about wide . The labellum is fleshy and about long and has three lobes . The side lobes are erect and hairy and the middle lobe is short , thick and densely hairy . Flowering occurs between October and March .
Taxonomy and naming
Sarcochilus ceciliae was first formally described in 1865 by Ferdinand von Mueller and the description was published in Fragmenta phytographiae Australiae from a specimen collected near Cleveland Bay by Edward Bowman . The specific epithet ( ceciliae ) honours Cecilia Viennot van Maseyk .
Distribution and habitat
Fairy bells mainly grow on rocks and cliff faces in humid places . It occurs between the Atherton Tableland in Queensland and the Hastings River catchment in New South Wales .
References
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of New South Wales
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 1865
ceciliae
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
The three-tier system of alcohol distribution is the system for distributing alcoholic beverages set up in the United States after the repeal of Prohibition . The three tiers are importers or producers ; distributors ; and retailers . The basic structure of the system is that producers can sell their products only to wholesale distributors who then sell to retailers , and only retailers may sell to consumers . Producers include brewers , winemakers , distillers and importers . The three-tier system is intended to prohibit tied houses and prevent `` disorderly marketing conditions . ''
Some states chose to become alcoholic beverage control jurisdictions after Prohibition . In these states , part or all of the distribution tier , and sometimes also the retailing tier , are operated by the state government itself ( or by contractors operating under its authority ) rather than by independent private entities .
The only state with a privately operated retailing and distribution system that does not require any form of three-tier system is the State of Washington . In Washington , retailers may purchase alcoholic beverages directly from producers , may negotiate volume discounts , and may warehouse their inventory themselves . However , the three-tier system largely remains in fact a reality in Washington despite the lack of a law requiring it .
History and legal justification
In 1933 the 18th Amendment was repealed by the 21st Amendment . ( Previously , the 18th Amendment had outlawed alcohol in the US in 1919 and led to Prohibition in 1920 . ) Section 2 of the 21st Amendment specifies that the power to control alcohol resides with the states , leaving each state to decide when and how to repeal Prohibition .
After Prohibition , the states began to seek methods to regulate and control the alcohol industry . The states were also eager to devise a method to levy and collect taxes on alcohol producers . Both of these concerns led to the states individually creating environments in which single ownership of all three tiers ( production , distribution and retail ) was entirely or partly prohibited . As states were left by the 21st Amendment to regulate themselves , alcohol laws and the nature of the three tier system can vary significantly from state to state .
Exceptions and regulations
States have various exceptions to this rule , the most prevalent one being the case of a brewpub , which is simultaneously a producer and retailer , and has no requirement to sell to a distributor . Some states allow an entity to have a part in two of the tiers , letting small breweries act as their own distributor , for example . Many states permit wineries to sell bottles of wine on-site to customers .
Usually producers will give a distributor exclusive rights to market their product within a geographical area , so that there will not , for example , be two distributors of Anheuser-Busch products competing against each other .
Rules also vary according to what kind of relationships each of the tiers can enter into with the other two tiers . For example , a producer may not be allowed to give promotional items or services to a retailer . Another example is that a beer distributor might be responsible for setting up and maintaining draft lines in a restaurant , or may be legally prohibited from doing so , depending on the state .
Also , several states are alcoholic beverage control states - in any of these jurisdictions state governments maintain a monopoly on the distribution tier of the system ( at least for distilled beverages ) . Some ( such as Utah and Pennsylvania ) monopolize the distribution and retail tiers . Those that maintain monopolies over the distribution system only ( such as Michigan ) could still be said to have a three-tier system – in such states producers sell to the distributor ( in these cases , the state as opposed to a private operator ) who in turn sells to private retail outlets .
The only substantial exception to the three-tier system is the State of Washington . In November 2011 , voters in Washington approved Initiative 1183 , which dismantled the state-operated retailing system and removed the legal requirement for a three-tier distribution system for alcoholic beverage sales . Under the modified law , the prior state-operated liquor retailing system was eliminated in favor of heavily taxed private retailing . By a substantial margin , Washington has the highest liquor tax rate in the nation . With a liquor tax rate around $ 35 per gallon , its liquor tax is about 50 % higher than in Oregon , which has the next highest rate . In Washington , retailers may bypass distributors by purchasing directly from producers , may negotiate volume discounts , and may warehouse their inventory themselves . Private retailing began on June 1 , 2012 . Although private retailing should increase competition in principle , in many cases producers have entered into exclusive marketing agreements with distributors for the market region , to the extent that each brand is often only available from a single distributor in the state ( although large retailers such as Costco have been able to take some advantage of the law and in some cases have introduced their own house brands ) . Contrary to the fears of some in the political process , the number of drunk-driving arrests and alcohol-related motor vehicle accidents actually dropped in the year after the conversion to the new system .
A different type of exception to the three-tier system existed in Oklahoma prior to October 2018 , where laws historically mandated a four-tier system for package sales of beer of greater than 3.2 % alcohol by weight ( 4.0 % by volume ) . Brewers in that state were historically been prohibited from selling to distributors ; they instead were required to sell to brokers , who in turn would sell to distributors . Following the passage of a voter referendum in 2016 , the broker and distributor levels were effectively merged effective on October 1 , 2018 , resulting in the three-tier system common to the rest of the U.S .
Disputes and criticisms
Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America ( WSWA ) , an influential trade organization and lobby group based in Washington , D.C. that works to oppose initiatives to alter the three-tier model , contends that wholesalers not only sell alcohol but also perform state functions and are in the business of encouraging social responsibility concerning alcohol .
The National Association of Wine Retailers represents the wine retail industry , advocating for the free movement of wine across state lines .
Use in other markets
A similar use of a three-tier system is enforced for tobacco products in some jurisdictions . In June 2017 , tobacco wholesalers proposed that the three-tier system also be imposed for recreational marijuana in Massachusetts . They argued that this would improve tax collection enforcement .
There is no direct equivalent in the United Kingdom , occasioning criticism whereby large distributors ( such as supermarkets , etc . ) may squeeze local , independent beer retailers .
See also
Granholm v. Heald – a ruling of the Supreme Court of the United States prohibiting states from discriminating against producers in other states when allowing wine producers to ship their products directly to consumers
References
External links
Bye-Bye Bell 's Chicago Reader article about beer distribution laws
Support Your Local Brewery - Grassroots partnership of professional trade associations , brewers and beer enthusiasts dedicated to promoting and protecting the legislative and regulatory interests of America 's small , independent and traditional craft brewers .
Law of the United States
Alcohol law in the United States
János Avar ( 13 June 1938 – 2 December 2021 ) was a Hungarian journalist . Avar was born in 1938 . They died on 2 December 2021 , at the age of 83 .
References
1938 births
2021 deaths
People from Rožňava
Hungarian journalists
Hungarians in Slovakia
Acle railway station is on the Wherry Lines in the east of England , serving the town of Acle , Norfolk . It is down the line from on the route to . Its three-letter station code is ACL .
History
Opened by the Great Eastern Railway in 1883 , it became part of the London and North Eastern Railway following the Grouping of 1923 . The line then passed on to the Eastern Region of British Railways upon nationalisation in 1948 .
When sectorisation was introduced , the station was served by Regional Railways until the privatisation of British Railways .
Today the station is served by Greater Anglia , which operates the services between Norwich and Great Yarmouth . Until 2019 , trains were formed by diesel multiple units of Classes 153 , 156 or 170 . During the summer months , some locomotive-hauled trains , top-and-tailed with a Class 37 at either end , would work certain services on the Wherry Lines . All services are now operated by the brand-new Class 755 Stadler FLIRT electro-diesel multiple units .
The station has the only passing loop on the Acle branch of the line , and in times past there was a coaling depot .
Services
the typical Monday-Saturday off-peak service at Acle is as follows :
1tph ( train per hour ) to
1tph to
Services are reduced to 1tp2h on Sundays .
References
Station on navigable O.S . map
External links
Railway stations in Norfolk
Former Great Eastern Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1883
Greater Anglia franchise railway stations
Acle
DfT Category F2 stations
The Razor Scooter is a compact folding scooter developed by Micro Mobility Systems and manufactured by JD Corporation . Over 5 million units were sold in the six months following the launch of the first Razor scooter in 2000 , and it was named as Toy of the Year that same year . The first electric Razor scooter was released in 2003 . Today , the Razor is manufactured by RazorUSA , based in Cerritos , California , in the United States .
Design
The basic scooter design consists of an airplane grade aluminum frame , 98 mm polyurethane wheels , and a hinged fender over the rear wheel , which is pushed down by the foot to act as a spoon brake . The handlebar and headtube fold for carriage when a quick release latch is opened .
Models
A - 98mm wheels
S - `` A '' with fixed-height handle bars ( no height adjustment )
AW - `` A '' with a wheelie bar
Spark - `` A '' with a spark bar for real spark action from the rear brake
A2 - `` A '' with a front suspension and a wheelie bar
A3 - extended A2 , early versions have 98mm wheels and later ones have 125mm wheels
AW125 - extended A3 with 125mm wheels , upgrade to the early versions of the A3
A5 Lux - 200mm wheels
Non-Pro Model - the non-stunt model
Ultra Pro - for stunts , not foldable
Cruiser - 140mm wheels
Malibu Cruiser - cruiser but with 125mm wheels and a metal deck
Finger Crusher - lightweight design , Dan Green Pro Model
Electric scooters
In 2003 , RazorUSA introduced its first electric Razor scooter . It operates with the use of a twisting throttle . These new models reach speeds up to 15 miles per hour . Electric scooters became a popular way to travel slightly longer distances than one might with a traditional Razor scooter , yet distances short enough that using a bike would be excessive .
Freestyle riding
Freestyle scootering is a growing sport . Due to the rough demands of trick riding , people often reinforce the scooter to withstand impacts and high force .
Safety
Razor scooters have received attention for the frequency of injuries sustained by riders . In 2014 , The Atlantic and other news outlets reported that Razor and other brands of scooters contributed to substantial increases in yearly numbers of emergency room visits .
Razor claims their scooters are safe to ride , and recommends adult supervision and the use of protective gear when riding . To increase the safety of younger riders , razor recommends a three wheeled scooter .
Team Razor
Team Razor is an exhibition scooter team sponsored by Razor . This team of professionals travels across the U.S. , wowing crowds with their tricks and talents , and appeared at X Games Los Angeles 2013 . In October 2013 they completed the Team Razor Cross Country Tour , visiting 17 states as well as the District of Columbia . The team held their most recent exhibition event on August 30 , 2014 at the 3rd Annual Triple Crown .
Current roster
References
External links
Kick scooters
2000s fads and trends
The Bastards ( ) is a 2007 Romanian drama film directed by Șerban Marinescu . It is about the upper echelons of Romanian politics .
Synopsis
Didi Sfiosu , nicknamed `` Hero of the Barricade '' , is a former revolutionary who serves as key advisor to the Romanian President . Dandu Patricianul is a wealthy business person who has financed the ruling political Party at the last electoral campaign , but now is alleged to support the opposition .
Mister Pompi is Romanian Prime Minister , with the help of a clever advisor named Pejbeanu and a former `` Securitate Agent '' named Romanescu , controls and spies upon Patricianu 's moves . They discover a plot that involves Patricianu himself , an opposition senator and the ambitious and powerful General Dorobandu . Helped by an up-and-coming reporter , they want to prove that corruption has reached the cabinet , in order to turn the tide of public opinion and to propose the general as the next Chief of state .
Then Sfiosu , warned about this situation , arranges a meeting between Dandu and the Premier in order to reach an agreement ; but this meeting fails . The Prime Minister decides to make a risky move ; without notifying Sfiosu , they order a complacent Magistrate to send an arrest warrant to Patricianu .
Sfiosu gets angry about and speaks directly to the President of Republic , asking for the immediate release of Patricianu ; Sfiosu knows that Dandu is the only one able to finance the next campaign .
However , Dandu Patricianul is freed because of a lack of evidence but the Premier and their faithful advisor understand that Sfiosu is more influential and informed than predicted .
Pompi , always advised by Pejbeanu , does a desperate move to avoid a thunderous defeat : they try to `` buy '' both the senator and the reporter , eventually offering to the general anything in exchange of their withdrawal from the electoral run ; General Dorobandu not only rejects the deal , they subtly threaten Pompi with a merciless revenge as soon as he 's elected .
Then Pompi decides a kind of `` Final Solution '' : the assassination of the General during a hunting session .
Didi Sfiosu is disgusted by those happenings , so they symbolically bury the revolution under a pile of garbage by planting a cross with their name on it and putting on the cross the only two items reminding them of the revolution ; a foulard and a bandannah . The meaning is clear : this democracy is bad , at least , at the same way of the dictatorship .
Cast
Ștefan Iordache - Didi Sfiosu
Dorel Vișan - Dandu Patricianul
Horațiu Mălăele - Pompi
Răzvan Vasilescu - General Dorobanțu
Gheorghe Dinică - Romanescu
- Dandu 's mistress
Mircea Albulescu - restaurant owner
Mitică Popescu - Marian
- opposition senator
- Ionel Iancu
- Ionel ( President of Romania )
Dan Diaconescu - themselves
References
External links
2007 drama films
2007 films
Romanian drama films
This article shows the previous rosters of Cuprum Lubin volleyball team at PlusLiga in Poland .
2019/2020
The following is the Cuprum Lubin roster in the 2019–20 PlusLiga .
2018/2019
The following is the Cuprum Lubin roster in the 2018–19 PlusLiga .
2017/2018
The following is the Cuprum Lubin roster in the 2017–18 PlusLiga .
2016/2017
The following is the Cuprum Lubin roster in the 2016–17 PlusLiga .
2015/2016
The following is the Cuprum Lubin roster in the 2015–16 PlusLiga .
2014/2015
The following is the Cuprum Lubin roster in the 2014–15 PlusLiga .
References
PlusLiga squads
The 2021 Tour du Finistère was the 35th edition of the Tour du Finistère road cycling one day race , which was held on 22 May 2021 , starting in the town of Saint-Evarzec and finishing in Quimper . It was a category-1.1 event on the 2021 UCI Europe Tour and the fifth event of the 2021 French Road Cycling Cup .
The race was won in a sprint by Benoît Cosnefroy ahead of Sean De Bie and Rasmus Tiller .
Teams
Four UCI WorldTeams , seven UCI ProTeams , and three UCI Continental teams made up the fourteen teams that participated in the race . Each team entered up to seven riders , with some only sending six . 76 of the 89 riders in the race finished .
UCI WorldTeams
UCI ProTeams
UCI Continental Teams
Result
References
Tour du Finistère
Tour du Finistère
Tour du Finistère
Margo Taft Stever is an American poet , whose poetry collections include The End of Horses ( Broadstone Books , 2020 ) , winner of the Pinnacle Achievement Award in Poetry , 2022 ; Cracked Piano ( CavanKerry Press , 2019 ) , shortlisted for Eric Hoffer Award Grand Prize ; Ghost Moose ( Kattywompus Press , 2019 ) ; The Lunatic Ball ( Kattywompus Press , 2015 ) ; The Hudson Line ( Main Street Rag , 2012 ) ; Frozen Spring ( Mid-List Press First Series Award , 2002 ) and Reading the Night Sky ( Riverstone Press Poetry Chapbook Competition , 1996 ) .
Biography
Stever is a graduate of Harvard University , and is a recipient of an Ed.M from the Harvard Graduate School of Education , and an M.F.A . in Poetry from Sarah Lawrence College .
Stever co-authored the book Looking East : William Howard Taft and the 1905 U.S . Diplomatic Mission to China ( Zhejiang University Press , 2012 ) .
Them poems , essays , and reviews have appeared widely in magazines and anthologies , including Verse Daily ; Prairie Schooner ; Connecticut Review ; “ poem-a-day ” on poets.org , Academy of American Poets ; Cincinnati Review ; upstreet ; Plume ; and Salamander .
They are founder of the Hudson Valley Writers Center and founding and current co-editor of Slapering Hol Press . They live in Sleepy Hollow , New York .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American women poets
21st-century American poets
People from Sleepy Hollow , New York
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
Sarah Lawrence College alumni
21st-century American women writers
Manuel Siles Artés ( January 9 , 1921 - May 28 , 1984 ) was a Spanish writer .
People from the Province of Almería
1921 births
1984 deaths
The Burlington Gymnasium , in Burlington , Colorado , was built during 1938–1941 as a New Deal works project . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007 .
It is a two-story building , with a balcony level over its open gymnasium space . Its curtain walls and partition walls were built of concrete blocks made by the Works Progress Administration , except for some basement partition walls where adobe blocks were used .
There were problems during its construction including that the original installation of floor joists was deemed to be unsafe for longterm usage , which caused delay in completion .
References
National Register of Historic Places in Kit Carson County , Colorado
Art Deco architecture in Colorado
Buildings and structures completed in 1941
Stefan Milojević ( ; born 20 February 1991 ) is a Serbian football defender who last played for ViOn Zlaté Moravce . Their father Goran Milojević was also a footballer .
Club career
While at Spain , Milojević started their career at Mallorca before returning to Serbia , where they joined Teleoptik as a professional .
In January 2012 , they joined Slovak club MFK Košice on a two-year contract . After six months at the club , Milojević joined BSK Borča in July 2012 . Milojević have since moved to Bežanija .
In January 2014 , Milojević have been training with Airdrieonians and then joined the club until the end of a season following a trial . They made their debut for the club on 11 January 2014 , in a 3-0 win over Ayr United . Since making their debut , Milojević have established themselves in the first team and made sixteen appearances for the club . They helped the club survive in League One that they were offered a new contract , but Milojević rejected it .
Milojević signed for Greenock Morton under freedom of contract in June 2014 one a year-contract and revealed that they were linked with a move to Dunfermline Athletic , but preferred to join Morton , citing a better option . Milojević scored their first goal , in a 2-1 win over Peterhead on 23 August 2014 . After suffering an injury late on in the season , Milojević was released at the end of their contract .
Honours
Morton
Scottish League One : 2014-15
Personal life
Born in Brest to a Serbian parents , Milojević moved to Spain when their father moved to a Spanish club and spent ten years in Spain , qualifying them for Spanish citizenship .
References
External links
MFK Košice profile
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brest , France
Serbian footballers
Association football defenders
FK Teleoptik players
FK BSK Borča players
FK Bežanija players
FK Dubnica players
FC VSS Košice players
Slovak Super Liga players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Greenock Morton F.C . players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Footballers from Brittany
Spanish footballers
Spanish people of Serbian descent
The 1957 Southern Area League was the fourth season of the Southern Area League but the first as the regional second tier of speedway racing in the United Kingdom for Southern British teams .
Summary
California Poppies were no longer competitors with the promotion and nickname moving to Aldershot . Southern Rovers who had no track in the previous season had found a home at Rayleigh
Southern Rovers were the champions .
Final table
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
Knockout Cup ( speedway )
References
Southern Area League
1957 in speedway
Surkhavkent ( ; Kaitag : Сурхавккент ; Dargwa : ЦӀурхавкент ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Varsitsky Selsoviet , Kaytagsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 40 as of 2010 .
Geography
Surkhavkent is located 25 km south of Madzhalis ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Varsit and Shuragat are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Dargins live there .
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Confusion Bay is the second album by Danish metal band Raunchy . It was recorded at Hansen Studios in July 2003 and produced by Jacob Hansen . The album gained great reviews and is by many still considered to be the best Raunchy album.During the recordings , Raunchy did a cover track of Faith No More 's `` From Out of Nowhere , '' which was released in 2007 on Velvet Noise Extended .
Cover and all promotion art is done by guitarist Lars Christensen .
In 2009 , Confusion Bay and Velvet Noise were reissued through Metal Mind Productions as limited edition digipaks limited to 2000 copies . Both are remastered , and feature new liner notes .
Track listing
Videography
Personnel
Lars Vognstrup – Vocals
Jesper Tilsted – Guitars
Lars Christensen – Guitars
Jeppe Christensen – Keyboards , Vocals
Jesper Kvist – Bass
Morten Toft Hansen – Drums
2004 albums
Raunchy ( band ) albums
Albums produced by Jacob Hansen
Ratu Tiale Wimbledon Thomas Vuiyasawa ( died March 1981 ) was a Fijian chief , civil servant and politician . They served as a member of the Legislative Council and Senate .
Biography
Vuiyasawa was born into a chiefly family , the second son of Joni Madraiwiwi I and Litiana Maopa after Lala Sukuna , and the uncle of future Prime Minister Kamisese Mara . They attended school in Levuka before completing their education at Wesley College in Melbourne . In 1916 they enlisted in the New Zealand army , joining the 4th Maori Reinforcements . After serving in Egypt and France with the Pioneer Battalion , they were transferred to the Rarotongan Company who were in Palestine .
Returning to Fiji in 1919 , they joined the civil service , becoming Native Assistant Commissioner for Lomaiviti in 1933 . In 1937 they became Roko Tui of Ra Province . In the same year , they were one of the ten members put forward by the Great Council of Chiefs for the Governor to choose five nominated members of the Legislative Council . Although they were not chosen , when Penijamini Veli died the following year , Vuiyasawa was selected as their replacement . They were reappointed to the council following elections in 1940 and 1944 .
In 1945 Vuiyasawa became Roko Tui of Ba Province , before being appointed Roko Tui of Cakaudrove Province two years later . They were appointed to the Legislative Council again following the 1947 elections . Although they were not reappointed after the 1950 elections , they rejoined the Council in 1952 as a replacement for Edward Cakobau after they resigned . In 1957 they were appointed to Suva City Council for a year after the resignation of Mikaele Dreu .
When the Senate was established at independence in 1970 , they were one of the eight members appointed by the Great Council of Chiefs , serving until 1973 . They died in March 1981 at the age of 85 .
References
Fijian chiefs
People educated at Wesley College ( Victoria )
New Zealand military personnel of World War I
Fijian soldiers
Fijian civil servants
Members of the Legislative Council of Fiji
Members of the Senate ( Fiji )
1981 deaths
Copper Creek Falls is a waterfall from Copper Creek , just before it empties into Eagle Creek at Bench Canyon , in Union County , Oregon . Access to Copper Creek Falls is from a trail that parallels the river for over .
See also
List of waterfalls in Oregon
References
Waterfalls of Oregon
Landforms of Union County , Oregon
The mouse-coloured tapaculo or Serra do Mar tapaculo ( Scytalopus speluncae ) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae . It is endemic to humid highland forests in southeastern Brazil , where it ranges from southwestern Espírito Santo to northeastern Rio Grande do Sul . Most of its range is in the Serra do Mar , but it also occurs further inland in Paraná and Santa Catarina . Until 2005 , the Planalto tapaculo was included in the mouse-coloured tapaculo .
Here we follow SACC , but the taxonomy is extremely complex , and it is possible the correct scientific name of this relatively dark species is S. notorius , in which case the closely related paler species from the Espinhaço Mountains region would be S. speluncae .
Taxonomy
In 2005 , it was found that the otherwise relatively well known S. speluncae actually consisted of two species , of which the southern was described as a new species , S. pachecoi , while the northern retained S. speluncae . It was further suggested that S. speluncae included yet another undescribed species , but more work was needed on that matter .
Scientific name
In 2006 , doubt about the use of the scientific name S. speluncae for the mouse-coloured tapaculo surfaced . An examination of the type specimen of S. speluncae ( Ménétriés , 1835 ) resulted in the conclusion that this name belonged to a relatively pale population from the Espinhaço Mountains that had been included within S. novacapitalis ( vocally , this population is closer to S. pachecoi ) . This meant that the relatively dark population of the Serra do Mar region – the population that traditionally had been called S. speluncae – had to receive a new name : S. notorius ( `` notorius '' to illustrate its problematic taxonomic history ) . This conclusion was questioned in 2007 , which maintained that the population of the Serra do Mar region is S. speluncae , while the population of the central and southern Espinhaço Mountains was considered undescribed , and the population of the northernmost Espinhaço Mountains was described as a new species , S. diamantinensis . Although the possibility of two species in the Espinhaço Mountains was not questioned in an article published the following year , the conclusion that the name S. speluncae belonged to the species of the Serra do Mar was ; mainly on the basis that no direct comparison of the type specimen of S. speluncae had been made in 2007 ( unlike in the article from 2006 ) . In 2010 , other authors came to a different conclusion , as they suggested the original description by Édouard Ménétries in 1835 more closely matched the relatively dark species of the Serra do Mar region . They also concluded that the original type locality of São João del Rei ( within the range of the relatively pale central and south Espinhaço Mountains species ) provided by Ménétries was incorrect , and it actually was collected somewhere in central Rio de Janeiro ( within the range of the Serra do Mar species ) . Following this , the relatively pale species of the southern and central Espinhaço Mountains region was described as a new species , S. petrophilus . This view was supported by SACC .
Phylogenetic evidence suggests that undescribed taxa from the genus Scytalopus remain in eastern Brazil .
English name
Regardless of the correct scientific name , the English names mouse-coloured tapaculo and Serra do Mar tapaculo have both been used for the relatively dark species of the Serra do Mar region , but neither is perfect : Most tapaculos of the genus Scytalopus are largely mouse-grey in colour , and what was included in the mouse-coloured tapaculo until 2005 is very different from what would be included in the mouse-coloured tapaculo today . Additionally , the relatively pale species of the central and southern Espinhaço Mountains has been called the mouse-coloured tapaculo ( used briefly by Comitê Brasileiro de Registros Ornitológicos , but not anymore ) , which could add additional confusion . The name Serra do Mar tapaculo for the species of the Serra do Mar region is also potentially misleading , as it is not entirely restricted to this mountain range , but also occurs far inland in Paraná and Santa Catarina .
References
Further reading
Nemésio , A. ; Rasmussen , C. ; Aguiar , A.P . ; Pombal , Jr. , J.P. & Dubois , A . ( 2013 ) . Nomenclatural issues in ornithology : the incredible controversy on the identity of a long overlooked Brazilian bird . Zootaxa 3734 : 241–258 .
Raposo , M.A . ; Kirwan , G.M . ; Loskot , V. & Pinto de Assis , C. ( 2012 ) . São João del Rei is the type locality of Scytalopus speluncae ( Aves : Passeriformes : Rhinocryptidae ) —a response to Maurício et al . 2010 . Zootaxa 3439 : 51–67 .
External links
Serra do Mar tapaculo , photos and text . Arthurgrosset.com
mouse-coloured tapaculo
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
mouse-coloured tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tobogganers Icefall ( ) is a prominent icefall in the west-flowing tributary to Sledgers Glacier , located at the north side of Molar Massif in the Bowers Mountains . Named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( NZ-APC ) in 1983 in association with nearby Sledgers Icefall from a proposal by geologist M.G . Laird .
Icefalls of Antarctica
Landforms of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
The 80-meter or 3.5 MHz band is a band of radio frequencies allocated for amateur radio use , from 3.5 to 4.0 MHz in IARU Region 2 ( consisting mostly of North and South America ) , and generally 3.5 to 3.8 or 3.9 MHz in Regions 1 and 3 ( the rest of the world ) respectively . The upper portion of the band , which is usually used for phone ( voice ) , is sometimes referred to as 75 meters . In Europe , 75m is a shortwave broadcast band , with a number of national radio services operating between 3.9 and 4.0 MHz .
Because of high D layer absorption that persists until sunset , 80 meters is usually only good for local communications during the day , and hardly ever good for communications over intercontinental distances during the day . But it is the most popular band for regional communications networks from the late afternoon through the night time hours . At night , `` 80 '' is usually reliable for short to medium distance contacts , with average distances ranging from local contacts within 200 miles/300 km out to a distance of 1,000 miles/1,600 km or more – even worldwide – at night , depending on atmospheric and ionospheric conditions .
Summary
The 80-meter band is favoured for ragchews between amateurs within a range of 500 miles/800 km . During contests the band is filled with activity beginning before sunset and continuing all through the night . The 80 meter band begins at 3.5 MHz and goes up to 4.0 MHz . The upper part of the band , mostly used for voice , is often referred to as 75 meters , since the wavelength is between 80 and 75 meters .
Antennas at this frequency are large : A quarter-wave vertical , for example , is approximately 65 feet ( 20 meters ) high . Erecting the large antennas and ensuring the antennas radiate significant power at low angles are two of the challenges facing amateurs wishing to communicate over long distances . Amateurs interested in regional communication can use low wire antennas , such as horizontal dipoles , inverted vee dipole antennas or loop antennas on this band . Horizontally polarized antennas closer than a quarter-wave to earth produce predominantly high-angle radiation , which is useful for short distance propagation modes , such as near vertical incidence skywave . Nonetheless , with occasionally favorable propagation conditions substantial distances can still be covered with modest height antennas .
80 meters can be plagued with noise , with the rural noise floor set by propagated noise from distant thunderstorms and human-made noise sources . Urban and suburban noise floor is often established by local noise , and is generally 10–20 dB stronger than the typical rural noise floor . On 80 meters , nearly all areas of the world are subject to local weather induced noises from thunderstorms .
The ionosphere 's D-layer also affects 80 meters significantly by absorbing signals . During the daylight hours , a station in middle or high latitudes using 100 watts and a simple dipole antenna can expect a maximum communication range of 200 miles ( 300 km ) , extending to a few thousand miles or more at night . Global coverage can be routinely achieved during the late fall and winter by a station using modest power and common antennas . The higher background noise on 80 meters , especially when combined with higher ionospheric absorption , causes stations with higher effective radiated power to have a decided advantage in long distance communications . With very high antennas or large vertically polarized arrays and full legal power , reliable worldwide communications occurs over nighttime paths .
Mobile operation is possible , although the relatively short length of practical mobile antennas – usually less than 10 feet ( 3 meters ) – compared to a quarter-wave antenna results in the need for significant inductive loading to achieve resonance . Since short antennas have very low radiation resistance , their efficiency is typically below 10 % . Additionally , the large inductance of the loading coil creates an antenna system with an extremely narrow bandwidth ( high Q ) .
History
The 80-meter band was made available to amateurs in the United States by the Third National Radio Conference on October 10 , 1924 . The band was allocated on a worldwide basis by the International Radiotelegraph Conference in Washington , D.C. , on October 4 , 1927 .
Propagation
As the maximum usable frequency for long distance communication seldom dips below 3.5 MHz anywhere on the planet , the main propagation barrier to long distance communication is heavy D-layer absorption during the daytime , ensuring that DX paths must be largely , although not entirely , in darkness . At times , there is pronounced dark-side gray-line propagation , which is most useful on polar routes , away from equatorial thunderstorm activity .
At higher latitudes , a noticeable skip zone sometimes appears on the band during nighttime hours in midwinter , which can be as much as 300 miles/500 km , rendering communication with closer stations impossible . This is not generally a problem at middle or equatorial latitudes , or for large parts of the year anywhere , but it does occasionally limit local wintertime traffic on the band in areas such as Northern Europe , the northern tier of the United States and Canada .
During spring and summer ( year-round in the tropics ) , lightning from distant storms creates significantly higher background noise levels , often becoming an insurmountable obstacle to maintaining normal communications . Nearby convective weather activity during the summer months can make the band completely unusable , even for local communications . In the winter months during the peak years of the sunspot cycle , auroral effects can also render the band useless for hours at a time .
Frequency allocation
The International Telecommunication Union allocated the whole 500 kHz from 3.5 to 4 MHz to amateurs in the Americas , and 3.5 to 3.8 or 3.9 MHz to amateurs in other parts of the world . However , amateurs outside the Americas must share this useful piece of spectrum with other users , usually on a joint primary basis . As a result , authorities in the affected parts of the world restrict amateur allocations between 3.7 MHz and the top of the band .
Some allocations are as follows ( in MHz ) :
Argentina 3.500–3.750 , 3.790–3.800
Australia 3.500–3.700 , 3.776–3.800 ( Latter is a DX window for advanced licensees only )
Canada 3.500–4.000
Europe 3.500–3.800
India 3.500–3.700 , 3.890–3.900
Korea 3.500–3.550 , 3.790–3.800 , ( Digital : 3.520 ~ 3.525 MHz )
Japan 3.500–3.575 , 3.599–3.612 , 3.680–3.687 , 3.702–3.716 , 3.745–3.770 , 3.791–3.805 ,
New Zealand 3.500–3.900
Russia 3.500–3.800
United States 3.500–4.000
Lower band edge
The lower edge of 80 meters is predominated by CW emissions , with the lower 10 kHz ( 3.5–3.51 MHz ) primarily used for long distance communications . It is common for illegal marine operations , generally using USB voice , to occupy frequencies on the low end of 80 meters . Most operations of this type are from fishing vessels . Most come from SE Asia and South American ports , although some illegal use occurs with vessels from the USA and Canadian ports .
Upper band edge
For Canadian and U.S Amateurs with perfect transmitters , the highest usable frequency in the 80 m band for lower side band phone is 3.999 MHz . Depending on quality and condition of radio , audio characteristics , and proper adjustments the bulk of emissions on lower sideband will typically occupy 3.9970–3.9997 MHz . All SSB transceivers have third- and fifth-order products of significant level , typically only 30–35 dB below PEP for third order intermodulation . This means any operation above 3.998 MHz LSB comes with some risk of illegal emissions , even with good equipment .
It is a common misconception that using this carrier frequency is not legal as emissions extend beyond the 4 MHz band edge . High quality communications receivers or selective level meters generally have better dynamic range than all but the best spectrum analyzers . Properly used , they do an excellent job of indicating out-of-band emissions . While some people reporting out-of-band operation might use a wide receiver bandwidth , receiver bandwidth adds to transmitter bandwidth , so the perception is bandwidth is wider than it truly is . Any measurement of out-of-band emissions should be made using a receiver bandwidth significantly narrower than the transmitter bandwidth .
Inexpensive spectrum analyzers , spectrum scopes , or panadaptors are generally not useful for off-air measurements of bandwidth . Wide detection bandwidth , slow sweep rates , and commonly high local ambient noise levels generally mask weaker emissions . Using other phone modes such as upper side band , amplitude or frequency modulation with 3.999 MHz as the carrier frequency would modulate across the band edge and are not considered legal . Certain data modes and CW are usable as long as the emission bandwidth does not extend across the band edge .
Broadcast interference
The European 75 m broadcast band overlaps the North American 80 m ham band allocation . When it is night on both ends of the transmission path some broadcasters in Asia and Europe can be heard in North America between 3.9 and 4.0 MHz . On an SSB receiver this produces a tone in the received audio when the station is broadcasting with conventional amplitude modulation or white noise if the station is using Digital Radio Mondiale modulation . Setting the receiver to the exact frequency of the AM carrier can eliminate the tone but an audio program may still be heard . If the DRM signal is strong enough the noise may mask weak amateur signals . Most DRM signals occupy 9 or 10 kHz of bandwidth .
See also
Shortwave bands
References
Amateur radio bands
Greg Brkich ( ; born December 5 , 1958 ) is a Canadian provincial politician . They served as a Saskatchewan Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan for the constituency of Arm River ( known as Arm River-Watrous from 2003 to 2016 ) . They were first elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly in 1999 and was re-elected in 2003 , 2007 , 2011 , and 2016 . They did not seek re-election in 2020 .
While in government , Brkich served as Deputy Speaker and Chair of the Committee of the Whole from 2007 to 2011 , and as Government House Leader from 2017 to 2019 . They also served as Legislative Secretary to the Minister of Agriculture , Agriculture Programs Innovation Initiative , Vice-Chair of the caucus ' Standing Policy Committee on Intergovernmental Affairs and Justice and is a member of both the Legislature 's Standing Committee on Intergovernmental Affairs and Justice and the Private Bills committee .
References
Saskatchewan Party MLAs
Living people
1958 births
21st-century Canadian politicians
Austen Fenwick Campbell ( 5 May 1901 – 8 September 1981 ) was an England international footballer who played eight games for their country between 1928 and 1931 . They won an F.A . Cup Final Winners Medal with Blackburn Rovers in 1928 . The game was against Huddersfield Town who Campbell went on to play for after they left Rovers .
References
External links
Profile on englandfootballonline
1901 births
1981 deaths
Footballers from County Durham
English footballers
England international footballers
Association football defenders
Huddersfield Town A.F.C . players
Blackburn Rovers F.C . players
English Football League players
English Football League representative players
FA Cup Final players
Steve Colter ( born July 24 , 1962 ) is an American former professional basketball player who played in eight NBA seasons for six different teams . They played for the Trail Blazers , Chicago Bulls , Philadelphia 76ers , Washington Bullets , Sacramento Kings and Cleveland Cavaliers . A 6 ' 3 '' guard from New Mexico State , they were selected by the Portland Trail Blazers in the second round ( 33rd overall ) of the 1984 NBA draft .
In their NBA career , Colter played in 526 games and scored a total of 3,319 points . Their best year as a professional came during the 1985–86 season as a member of the Trail Blazers , appearing in 81 games ( 51 starts ) and averaging 8.7 points per game . From 1991 until 1994 they did not play in the NBA , but returned to play for the Cleveland Cavaliers for one more season before retiring in 1995 . They also became an import in the Philippine Basketball Association played with the Shell Rimula X in 1992 .
External links
NBA stats @ databasebasketball.com
1962 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Croatia
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players from Phoenix , Arizona
Chicago Bulls players
Cleveland Cavaliers players
KK Split players
New Mexico State Aggies men 's basketball players
Omaha Racers players
Philadelphia 76ers players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Point guards
Portland Trail Blazers draft picks
Portland Trail Blazers players
Sacramento Kings players
Shell Turbo Chargers players
Washington Bullets players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Winterhawk was an American heavy metal band formed in 1978 in San Francisco , California . Fronted by lead vocalist , lead guitarist and songwriter Nik `` Winterhawk '' Alexander ( a Cree musician ) , the band released two albums via Mother Earth records . Their debut album , Electric Warriors ( 1979 ) , was produced by Tom Bee .
Their second album , Dog Soldier ( 1980 ) , included drums and backing vocals by blue-eyed soul musician Jon Gibson ( who went on to have success in the contemporary Christian music industry ) . Both Electric Warriors and Dog Soldier were remastered and reissued on Don Giovanni Records in 2021 .
Winterhawk was committed to a native anti-drug movement , pioneering an abstinence-through-music platform that ran parallel to the straight edge hardcore movement . Winterhawk performed in the 1983 US Festival and has opened for Tina Turner , Santana , Country Joe and the Fish , Steve Miller and Van Halen . The band separated in 1984 .
After a battle with cancer , Alexander passed away on July 5 , 2017 .
Discography
Albums
EPs
Personnel
Nik Alexander — lead vocals , lead guitar
Doug Love — bass , backing vocals , percussion
Alfonso Kolb — drummer
Frank J. Diaz de Leon — bass guitar
Frankie Joe — rhythm guitar
Gordon Campbell — trombone , bells
Jon Gibson — drums , backing vocals
References
Musical groups established in 1978
Native American musical groups
Don Giovanni Records artists
Alice Creelman ( 1858–1952 ) was an artist and art dealer in New York City during the Gilded Age . Originally from Marietta , Ohio , they traveled often as an adult , though New York was their main place of residence . They were married to the well-known yellow journalist James Creelman .
Personal life
Creelman was born in Marietta , Ohio to Edward Wyllyss Buell and Melissa Barker . Both their father and their mother were descendants of pilgrims who traveled to America on the Mayflower . Though several accounts list their birth date as December 19 , 1858 , in a passport application from 1915 they write that they were born on December 9 , 1859 . As well as dealing art , Creelman painted . In fact , according to a magazine published in 1896 , they `` won a reputation in New York and Paris with their clever paintings '' . The magazine further describes an earlier incident :
The location and preservation status of Creelman 's paintings are currently not known .
Marriage
Alice married James Creelman on December 10 , 1891 in Paris . Written correspondence between the two shows they had been in contact since at least 1890 . By 1894 they had begun writing a biographical sketch of James , who was already making a name as a reporter .
The couple lived among and were friends with many of the New York City elite . Harry Scovel , an attempted recruit of newspaper publisher William Randolph Hearst who was invited to the Creelman 's apartment for dinner , characterized the couple and their home as `` charming '' .
Creelman 's husband , James , died in 1915 while reporting on World War I . When James fell ill in Berlin , Alice applied for a visa to go visit and tend to their husband , but did not make it to Germany before their death . Indeed , they could not even reach their body because of the blockade .
At this time Creelman was faced with financial issues . In a letter to Henry Clay Frick they lamented that `` with the passing away of my husband , my life and fortune have been completely wrecked '' . Though James left their whole estate to their wife , and named them as `` the sole executor '' of their will , the New York Times from 13 , March 1915 also states that `` Mr. Creelman left no real estate '' . In August 1915 , Creelman bought an apartment from Malcom E. Smith & Co , moving from the Upper West Side apartment they had shared with James to a `` large , duplex '' apartment at 131 East Sixty-sixth Street . After their move , Creelman , then 57 , brought a suit against the Pennsylvania Railroad Company after a fall going down the stairs of Penn Station . Creelman suffered several broken bones as well as a severe concussion of the brain and spinal cord . They asked for $ 25,000 from the Rail Company because they asserted the cause of their fall was improper stairway treads that had the wrong type of `` corrugations and grooves '' .
Children
Alice and James had four children , James Ashmore ( sometimes referred to as James Ashman ) , Constance Alice , Eileen Buell Creelman , and Edward Dunwoodie Creelman . Edward died shortly after birth and is buried in Marietta , Ohio . Them daughter Constance married Col. Harold Woods Huntley in 1918 . Creelman 's son James died in 1941 . They were buried in a private ceremony at Walton Hall on the Upper East Side of Manhattan .
Career
In a passport application from 1915 , Creelman left the career section unfilled . However , they undoubtedly worked as an art dealer . They sold several Old Master paintings to Henry Clay Frick , listed below :
Whistler , James McNeill , 1834–1903 , Symphony in Flesh Colour and Pink : Portrait of Mrs. Frances Leyland—purchased through Creelman in 1917
Van Dyck , Anthony , Sir , 1599–1641 , Sir John Suckling—purchased through Creelman in 1918
Titian ( Tiziano Vecellio ) , 1477/1490 - 1576 , Portrait of a Man in a Red Cap , 1516—purchased through Creelman in 1915
Hans Holbein , the Younger , 1497/1498 - 1543 , Thomas Cromwell , 1532-1533—purchased through Creelman in 1915
The Titian and the Holbein were acquired by Frick together in 1915 , in a deal arranged by Creelman . Both paintings were owned by Sir Hugh Lane , who at this time was raising funds for the National Gallery of Ireland . This sale satisfied Frick 's desire to add another Holbein to their collection . They wrote to them in April 1915 :
Alice made $ 26,000 in commission from the sale , which aided their injured financial situation . Frick had previously been approached about these paintings by Charles Carstairs , but refused the offer . Though many art dealers of the time were flamboyant in the marketing of their product , Creelman may have been a more inconspicuous dealer . They wrote that Lane approached them with the pictures because they wanted the matter to be handled discreetly .
Social affiliations and friendships
Creelman was a member of several organizations that based membership on genealogical ties to early Americans . In 1904 Creelman is listed as a member of Daughters of the American Revolution in their yearly bulletin . At this time they were still located in their hometown of Marietta at 221 4th street . Four years later in 1908 they appear again in the yearly bulletin , this time with their residency listed as 67 West 94th street , New York , NY . This would be their main home until after the death of their husband in 1915 , when they moved to the Upper East Side of Manhattan .
Them claim to membership of DAR was their relation to Captain Daniel Hand , from whom they are descended on their father 's side . Captain Daniel Hand commanded the sixth company of the Revolutionary Army in Connecticut .
Creelman was also a member of the National Society of Colonial Dames . In order to be a member of this society , they proved that they were sixth in descent from Major David Buel , and also descended from General Joseph Buell of Ohio .
In addition , Creelman was able to join the General Society of Mayflower Descendants because of their relation to William Bradford . They joined the society in 1906 , when they were living in New York , and was listed as a `` Life and Regular Member '' . Though a bulletin published by the Mayflower Society specifies that Edward Wyllyss Buell , Creelman 's father , was the parent descended from William Bradford , more recent genealogy charts trace their descent through their mother 's line . Though it is possible that both of Creelman 's parents were distantly related to the same man who traveled from England to America in the 1620s , it is also likely that there was a mistake made either by the Mayflower Society or the historians behind the genealogical index .
Alice Creelman was associated with many of the time 's notable people . They were well acquainted with Henry Clay Frick , and through their husband they were familiar with William Randolph Hearst and composer Antonín Dvořák . Another associate of theirs was Cora Crane , wife of Stephen Crane . In 1898 , an incident occurred between the two women . Crane wrote to the Creelman family , asking for donations to their private fund for the children of Kate Lyon and Harold Frederic , who had died several months earlier . Alice responded in the negative , criticizing Kate Lyon for `` the evil influence they have exerted over a morally weak man '' . Cora Crane responded to Creelman 's letter , writing , `` To me , the supreme egotism of women who never having been tempted , and so knowing nothing of the temptation of another 's soul , set themselves upon their pedestals of self-conceit and conscious virtue , judging their unfortunate sisters guilty alike , is the hardest thing in life '' .
In November 1930 Creelman was a patroness for a fundraising dance for Simmons College Alumnae Scholarship fund .
References
1858 births
1952 deaths
American art dealers
Women art dealers
Reicher may refer to :
People
Emanuel Reicher , a German actor
Emanoil-George Reicher , Romanian chess player
Frank Reicher , a German actor , director and producer
Hedwiga Reicher , a German actor
Louis Joseph Reicher , a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Austin
Steve Reicher , a professor of social Psychology and head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews
Education
Reicher Catholic High School , Waco , Texas
Religion
Reicher Synagogue , Łódź , Poland
Ida Bagus Made Poleng ( 1915–1999 ) was a traditional Balinese painter . Known also as Ida Bagus Made Poleng or Ida Bagus Made Tebesaya or simply Gus Made .
Biography
They were born in Tebasaya , Ubud , Bali in 1915 . Ida Bagus Made came from a Brahman family of accomplished artists in Tampaksiring , Bali . Their Father , Ida Bagus kembeng ( 1897–1952 ) , was a well-known painter who won the prestigious Silver Medal in 1937 at the International Colonial Art Exposition in Paris . Ida Bagus Made first learned painting and carving from their father . They later studied painting under the guidance of Rudolf Bonnet . Bonnet once wrote that Ida Bagus Made was one of the most talented artists in Bali . They were in their teens when the modernization of Balinese art began in the late 1920s , and only 21 years old when they joined the prestigious Pitamaha Artist Guild , founded in 1936 to preserve Balinese art from the threat of tourism and commercialism .
Their father , Ida Bagus Kembeng had two wives : Jero Deblog and Ida Ayu Rai . Ida Bagus Made was a child from their second wife . From their marriage with Jero Deblog , Ida Bagus Kembeng had two sons : Ida Bagus Putu Wiri and Ida Bagus Made Belawa . With Ida Ayu Rai , Kembeng had a daughter , Ida Ayu Oka , and two sons : Ida Bagus Made Poleng and Ida Bagus Nyoman Raka .
Ida Bagus Made was married to Gusti Niang and had one daughter , Ida Ayu Sadri . Since Ida Bagus Made did not have a son , they adopted Ida Bagus Pudja , a son of their half brother , Ida Bagus Belawa .
They were known by the Balinese as a ritual specialist for carving sacred masks imbued with magical powers for the surrounding temples of Ubud . As a traditional painter of the Pitamaha generation , they became known worldwide for their artistic mastery .
Ida Bagus Made was a prolific painter who had a profound distrust of art dealers and collectors . They scrutinized their admirers and only a handful of collectors passed their test . The late Indonesian President Sukarno was one of such collectors that Ida Bagus Made revered . Their works are well sought after and are in the collection of many museums in the world .
They died after an illness in 1999 . In 2000 , following the artist 's last wish , the widow of Ida Bagus Made loaned over 100 paintings from the artist 's private collection to the Puri Lukisan Museum for safekeeping .
Works
Ida Bagus Made 's paintings are some of the best examples of the Ubud school from the Pitamaha generation , and have not been surpassed by younger painters . Their paintings have been acquired by prestigious institutions all over the world , including the United Nations , the Royal Tropical Institute Museum ( Amsterdam ) and the Royal Ethnographic Museum ( Leiden ) . In Indonesia , their paintings are in the collections of former President Sukarno , the Museum Puri Lukisan , the Neka Museum , the Agung Rai Museum of Art , the Bentara Budaya Museum , and many others .
Several most important work from Ida Bagus Made are : ( 1 ) Atomic War in Indra 's Heaven ( Ida Bagus Made ' estate in Museum Puri Lukisan ) . ( 2 ) Dancing Leyak ( Ida Bagus Made ' Estate ) . ( 3 ) Three Women Shape-Shifters ( Ida Bagus Made 's Estate ) .
Exhibitions
Before the Second World War , their paintings were included in many touring exhibitions organized by the Pitamaha Artist Guild . Exhibitions were held in the Kunst-ring ( Art Circle ) of Batavia ( 1936 , 1937 , 1939 ) ; Bandung ( 1936 , 1938 ) ; Tegal ( 1938 ) ; Medan , Palembang and Surabaya ( 1939 ) .
After 1945 , they stopped participating in any exhibitions . Not until 1998 that they gave a blessing to a solo exhibition organized by Darga Gallery ( Sanur , Ubud ) . The exhibition ( 14 March - 14 April 1998 ) featured paintings from the Neka Museum , The Agung Rai Museum of Art and of a handful private collectors . Ida Bagus Made attended the opening of the exhibition . A short catalog , entitled Ida Bagus Made - Mata Air Campuhan Masa Silam , accompanied the exhibition .
In 2001 , a posthumous solo exhibition was held at the Herbert Johnson Museum of the Cornell University , Ithaca , New York . The exhibition was curated by Prof. Kaja McGowan of Cornell University . Third teen paintings from three private collectors were shown from August 18 - October 28 , 2001 . An exhibition leaflet : Suaranya Gong Kebyar : the Balinese Art of Ida Bagus Made was published .
In July 2008 , a posthumous solo exhibition was held in Museum Puri Lukisan in Bali . This exhibition features paintings from the estate of maestro Ida Bagus Made Poleng and celebrates the visual artistry of one of the foremost painters of Ubud . Fifty paintings from the estate of the artist was presented to the public for the first time . It is accompanied by a catalog : “ Ida Bagus Made – the Art of Devotion ”
References
Artists from Bali
20th-century Indonesian painters
20th-century Dutch East Indies people
1915 births
1999 deaths
People from Gianyar Regency
The Tree is a French-Australian 2010 film co-produced between Australia and France . It was filmed in the small town of Boonah in Queensland , Australia , and follows the lives of Dawn ( Charlotte Gainsbourg ) and their four children after the unexpected death of their husband Peter ( Aden Young ) . The film is an adaptation of the 2002 debut novel Our Father Who Art in the Tree by Australian writer and performer Judy Pascoe . The film closed the Cannes Film Festival on 23 May 2010 following the Awards Ceremony and received a seven-minute standing ovation . In addition , The Tree premiered at the 2010 Sydney Film Festival . The film is distributed in the US by Zeitgeist Films , opening on 15 July 2011 in New York , on 22 July in Los Angeles , Boston and Washington , D.C. , and throughout the country over the summer .
Plot
Dawn and Peter O'Neil live together with their children ( three boys and a girl ) , on the outskirts of a small country town . Next to their rambling house stands the kids ' favourite playground : a giant Moreton Bay Fig tree ( now known in real-life as the Teviotville Tree ) , whose branches reach high towards the sky and roots stretch far into the ground .
Everything seems perfect until Peter suffers a heart attack , crashing their car into the tree 's trunk . Dawn is devastated , left alone with their grief and four children to raise . Until one day , 8-year-old Simone , reveals a secret to their mother . She 's convinced their father whispers to them through the leaves of the tree and he 's come back to protect them . Dawn takes comfort from Simone 's imagination , and starts to believe in it herself ; just like Simone , Dawn also likes to spend time in the tree . It starts to dominate their physical and emotional landscape . But the close bond between mother and Simone forged through a mutual sorrow and shared secret , is threatened by the arrival of George , the plumber , called in to remove the tree 's troublesome roots .
As the relationship between Dawn and George blossoms , the tree continues to grow , with its branches infiltrating the house , its roots destroy the foundations . Dawn decides the tree has to go . George and some other workmen arrive , but Simone climbs in the tree to defend it . Dawn and George try to convince her , but they refuse to come down . George argues to Dawn that the girl is only 8 years old , Dawn should not allow them to stop the necessary removal of the tree . This irritates Dawn , and they cancel the operation , and tells George they do not want to see them again .
In a big storm the house is demolished by the tree , and the family leaves the area , planning to start living somewhere else , perhaps in a tent .
Cast
Charlotte Gainsbourg as Dawn
Marton Csokas as George
Aden Young as Peter
Morgan Davies as Simone
Christian Byers as Tim
Tom Russell as Lou
Gabriel Gotting as Charlie
Gillian Jones as Vonnie
Penne Hackforth-Jones as Mrs. Johnson
Production
The Tree was written and directed by Julie Bertuccelli , it is based on the screenplay by Elizabeth J. Mars , produced by Sue Taylor of Taylor Media , Yael Fogiel and Laetitia Gonzalez of Les Films du Poisson , and is a co-production between Australia and France . It came to be a co-production when Julie Bertuccelli was given the book Our Father Who Art in the Tree by a close friend . When they looked into getting the rights for the film they found that Australian producer Sue Taylor already had them , however they did not have a director . It just so happened that Julie is a director , and from there the co-production was born . The tree used in the film is Teviotville Tree , located in the small town of Teviotville in the state of Queensland . It has a 34 m spread , 20 m height and 2.31 m diameter at 1 m above ground , which is the narrowest point . The tree has low branches which have not been pruned off , and when they are laden with fruit they reach the ground . It is very rare to find this in a Moreton Bay Fig tree . It is estimated that it was planted in 1880 .
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , the film has an approval rating of 72 % based on 67 critics , with an average rating of 6.2/10 . The site 's consensus reads : `` Though it leans rather heavily on its central metaphor , The Tree is a moving and ultimately hopeful meditation on grief with shades of magical realism '' . On Metacritic , The Tree holds 58 out of a 100 based on 20 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .
Marjorie Baumgarten of The Austin Chronicle wrote `` Pacing problems and shallow psychological inquiries plague this film almost as much as the overworked metaphor that supplies the film 's title . `` .
Sheri Linden of the Los Angeles Times praised Bertuccelli 's directing for its use of `` the scrubbed topography of Queensland , Australia '' , adding that `` her mystical symbols can be as on-the-nose as their dialogue '' . A similar praise also came from Patrick Peters of Empire who called the film `` An eerie and unsettling adaptation of Judy Pascoe 's novel that impresses more for its atmospherics than its narrative '' .
Critics such as Michael O'Sullivan of The Washington Post called The Tree `` not exactly subtle '' , while Mick LaSalle of the San Francisco Chronicle said that `` It 's simply vagueness '' .
According to Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian `` The imagery is almost unendurably self-conscious , and Gainsbourg , with their low , musical , murmuring voice , gives the kind of performance you suspect they can do standing on their head . Them final lines are irritating beyond belief '' .
Soundtrack
Original film music was written and composed by Grégoire Hetzel . The soundtrack features other songs of the film :
`` Weak '' – Asaf Avidan & The Mojos ( 3:34 )
`` Wake '' – Grégoire Hetzel ( 2:58 )
`` The Tree '' – Main Theme – Grégoire Hetzel ( 3:55 )
Chorus of `` Die Kriegsknechte aber '' from `` The Passion according to St. John '' – Scholars Baroque Ensemble ( 1:26 )
`` Flying Foxes '' – The Slippers ( 2:47 )
`` Speak to Me '' – Grégoire Hetzel ( 2:55 )
`` Simone 's Theme '' – Grégoire Hetzel ( 3:18 )
`` The Roots '' – Grégoire Hetzel ( 3:27 )
`` Shiver Shiver '' – The Slippers ( 3:48 )
`` Under the Branches '' – Grégoire Hetzel ( 3:55 )
`` Wounded Tree '' – Grégoire Hetzel ( 3:13 )
`` To Build a Home '' – The Cinematic Orchestra ( 6:12 )
`` Daydream '' ( Extra Track ) – Grégoire Hetzel ( 8:45 )
Notes
References
External links
Zeitgeist takes 2010 Cannes closer The Tree on indieWiRE
The Tree at Cannes 2010
Cannes Closing Night
Interview with Director Julie Bertuccelli
News Article on The Tree
News Article on The Tree
Australian Christmas drama films
French Christmas drama films
2010s Christmas drama films
Zeitgeist Films films
French-Australian culture
Films about trees
Films based on Australian novels
Films set in Queensland
Films shot in Queensland
2010s English-language films
2010s French films
GWT may refer to :
Gawar-Bati language
Given-When-Then
Global workspace theory in cognitive science
God 's Word Translation , an English Bible translation
Google Web Toolkit , or GWT Web Toolkit
Great Western Trail , in North America
Great Western Trains , now Great Western Railway
Gross Weight Tonnage , a nautical measurement
G-TELP Writing Test , English language test
Guided wave testing
The Gurkha Welfare Trust , a British charity
Gwent Wildlife Trust , in Wales
Sylt Airport , in Germany , by its IATA Code
Ulan ( , ) is a district of East Kazakhstan Region in eastern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Molodyozhnij ( ) . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
East Kazakhstan Region
The 1998 Hammersmith and Fulham Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
The Labour Party won 36 seats ( on a 49.7 % share of the vote ) - a gain of 3 seats from the previous election , and maintained control of the council .
The Conservative Party won 14 seats ( with 37.4 % of the vote ) - a loss of 1 seat from their previous result .
The Liberal Democrats lost the two seats they previously held , winning 12.6 % of the votes cast .
Ward results
Addison
Avonmore
Broadway
Brook Green
Colehill
College Park & Old Oak
Coningham
Crabtree
Eel Brook
Gibbs Green
Grove
Margravine
Normand
Palace
Ravenscourt
Sands End
Sherbrooke
Starch Green
Sulivan
Town
Walham
White City & Shepherds Bush
Wormholt
References
1998
1998 London Borough council elections
20th century in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
Batrachedra ochricomella is a moth in the family Batrachedridae . It is found in Russia .
References
Natural History Museum Lepidoptera generic names catalog
Batrachedridae
The is a Japanese electric multiple unit ( EMU ) commuter train type operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation on commuter services in the western suburbs of Tokyo .
Technical details
Control system
Original and 7701–7703 : Chopper
Refurbished ( excluding 7701–7703 ) : IGBT-VVVF
10-car sets ( 6 motored cars ) : Chopper
10-car sets ( 5 motored cars ) : VVVF
8-car sets ( 5 motored cars ) : Chopper
8-car sets ( 4 motored cars ) : VVVF
6-car sets ( 4 motored cars ) : Chopper
6-car sets ( 3 motored cars ) : VVVF
4-car sets ( 2 motored cars ) : Chopper
2-car sets ( 1 motored car ) : Chopper
Motor output :
Drive mechanism : Parallel cardan shaft
Headlights : Sealed beam
Destination indicators : roller blind
Body
The body is stainless steel . Early sets used corrugated panels , while sets made after 1987 had a beaten style . ( Some corrugated-style cars were made after 1987 as middle cars for sets made early in production . ) The sides were not painted . Fronts of early sets were the same color as the sides . The front designs are of two types , but the difference is minor .
Driver 's cab
The driver 's cab contains a `` T '' -shaped , one-handle master-controller system . The speedometer is analog , providing information up to .
Acceleration : 4 notch
Deceleration : 7 notch + emergency
Formations
Current formations
6-car formations
Sets are formed as follows :
10-car formations
Sets are formed as follows :
Set 7729 was scrapped in February 2020 .
4-car formations
Sets are formed as follows :
Sets 7801 and 7802 are equipped with for `` Wanman '' one-person operation on the Dōbutsuen Line .
2-car formations
Sets are formed as follows :
Past formations
8-car formations
Sets were formed as follows :
Sets 7708 and 7709 had their `` T1 '' and `` T2 '' cars scrapped and were shortened to 6-car trains in November 2017 .
Sets 7706 and 7707 were scrapped due to the arrival of the 5000 series .
Interior
Seating consists of longitudinal bench seats , arranged 4-7-7-7-4 in intermediate cars . Original sets have no passenger information displays , but refurbished sets feature 3-color LED information displays ( four per car ) .
Operations
Used on all Keio Corporation lines . ( excluding Inokashira Line )
For daytime operation , 10-car sets or 10-car trains of six-car sets coupled to four-car sets are used as Special Express and Semi Special Express trains .
Eight-car trains of six-car sets coupled to two-car sets are used mainly as Local or Rapid trains .
History
The 7000 series began service in 1984 . The 7000 series was built for local train service , and the first sets were five-car sets , rather than 4 , 6 or 10 cars . The running performance of the new series was nearly the same as the Keio 6000 series . By 1996 , 190 cars of the 7000 series had been built .
From 2001 , 7000 series sets were introduced on Special Express , Semi Special Express , Express , and Rapid trains .
Keio announced in 2010 that 18 more of its 7000 series cars would be converted to VVVF inverter control .
References
Electric multiple units of Japan
7000 series
Train-related introductions in 1984
Kinki Sharyo multiple units
Nippon Sharyo multiple units
1500 V DC multiple units of Japan
Bhadli is a village and former princely state on Saurashtra peninsula in Gujarat , western India .
Village
Bhadli lies in Jasdan Taluka of Rajkot district . It is situated on a tributary of the Ghelo river .
History
Bhadli was a Sixth Class non-salute state in the Gohelwar prant of Kathiawar , ruled by Kathi Chieftains . It comprised sixteen villages , with a population of 2,988 in 1901 , yielding a state revenue of 16,000 Rupees ( mainly from land ) and paying a tribute of 1,357 Rupees , to the British and Junagadh State .
It was originally a well known holding of a Chudasama Bhayad of Junagadh , from whom it was conquered in the eighteenth century by the Khachar Kathis , who held it till British period . Most of the Chudasama houses of Gujarat and the Bhal region derive their origin from the Raos ( princely chieftains ) of Bhadli . Bhadli was subordinate to the Babra thana during British period . Bhan Khachar of Bhadli was a noted freebooter of the later end of the eighteenth century .
References
External links and Sources
Imperial Gazetteer , on DSAL.UChicago.edu - Kathiawar
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain :
Villages in Rajkot district
Gornja Bistrica ( ; ) is a village on the left bank of the Mura River in the Municipality of Črenšovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
References
External links
Gornja Bistrica on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Črenšovci
Tommi Juntunen ( born 17 March 1993 ) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman , who also holds a Finnish citizenship . They made their Elitserien debut playing with Frölunda HC during the 2012–13 Elitserien season .
Juntunen was born to Finnish parents .
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Frölunda HC players
Swedish people of Finnish descent
Ice hockey people from Gothenburg
William Hawksworth ( 3 March 1911 – 14 July 1966 ) was a New Zealand cricketer and doctor .
Life and career
Hawksworth was born in Nelson and educated at Nelson College from 1925 to 1928 . They went on to study medicine at the University of Otago , graduating from MB ChB in 1935 . They won the university medal for obstetrics .
They played twelve first-class matches for Otago between 1929 and 1934 . They represented Otago as a wicket-keeper while studying in Dunedin , but played no first-class cricket after graduating as a doctor in 1935 .
They worked as house surgeon at New Plymouth Hospital before moving to London in the late 1930s to continue their studies . They married Roberta Jolliffe of Wellington in London in July 1940 .
Hawksworth served in the Medical Corps of the Second New Zealand Expeditionary Force in World War II . They served in North Africa , Greece , Crete and Italy , commanding a field ambulance . They were awarded the OBE for their services .
After the war they returned to England . They became a consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist to the United Oxford Hospitals . In 1959 they received the degree of MA Oxon as a Fellow of University College . They served on the Council of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists for six years .
Hawksworth died in Oxford after a short illness in July 1966 , survived by their widow , a son and two daughters .
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1911 births
1966 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Nelson , New Zealand
People educated at Nelson College
University of Otago alumni
New Zealand Officers of the Order of the British Empire
New Zealand military personnel of World War II
20th-century New Zealand medical doctors
Fellows of University College , Oxford
Pueblo County ( or ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Colorado . As of the 2020 census , the population was 168,162 . The county seat is Pueblo . The county was named for the historic city of Pueblo which took its name from the Spanish language word meaning `` town '' or `` village '' . Pueblo County comprises the Pueblo , CO Metropolitan Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.5 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
El Paso County - north
Lincoln County - northeast
Crowley County - east
Otero County - east
Las Animas County - south
Huerfano County - southwest
Custer County - west
Fremont County - northwest
Major Highways
Interstate 25
U.S. Highway 50
U.S. Highway 85
State Highway 10
State Highway 45
State Highway 47
State Highway 78
State Highway 96
State Highway 120
State Highway 165
State Highway 167
National protected areas
San Isabel National Forest
Greenhorn Mountain Wilderness
Trails and byways
American Discovery Trail
Frontier Pathways National Scenic and Historic Byway
TransAmerica Trail Bicycle Route
Western Express Bicycle Route
Demographics
As of the Census 2007 statistical update , there were 154,712 people , 59,956 households , and 40,084 families living in the county . The population density was 59 people per square mile ( 23/km2 ) . There were 67,314 housing units at an average density of 25 per square mile ( 10/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 79.47 % White , 1.90 % Black or African American , 1.59 % Native American , 0.65 % Asian , 0.07 % Pacific Islander , 12.93 % from other races , and 3.38 % from two or more races . 37.97 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race . 11.6 % were of German , 8.8 % Italian , 6.7 % English , 6.6 % American and 6.5 % Irish ancestry .
There were 59,956 households , out of which 31.50 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 50.10 % were married couples living together , 13.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 31.60 % were non-families . 26.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.04 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 25.80 % under the age of 18 , 9.40 % from 18 to 24 , 27.20 % from 25 to 44 , 22.40 % from 45 to 64 , and 15.20 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 95.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.50 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 41,283 , and the median income for a family was $ 50,143 . The per capita income for the county was $ 21,656 . About 11.20 % of families and 14.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 19.70 % of those under age 18 and 8.70 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
The Board of Pueblo County Commissioners is elected by voters to represent three individual districts within Pueblo County . The board serves as the administrative and policy-setting authority for Pueblo County .
Pueblo County is part of Colorado 's 3rd congressional district and is represented by U.S. House member Lauren Boebert .
At the state level the following representatives have boundaries that cover parts of Pueblo County : Nick Hinrichsen representing Senate District 3 , Cleave Simpson representing Senate District 35 , House Majority Caucus Chair Daneya Esgar representing District 46 , Stephanie Luck representing District 47 , and Donald Valdez representing District 62 .
Law enforcement
The sheriff 's office is responsible for law enforcement and fire protection for unincorporated area in the county . the department had 362 sworn members .
Politics
Pueblo County is historically a Democratic stronghold ; however , in the 2016 presidential election , the county voted for Republican nominee Donald Trump . It was brought back into the Democratic fold in the years which followed , voting for Jared Polis in the 2018 gubernatorial election and giving Joe Biden a plurality in the 2020 presidential election , although Biden 's margin of victory of 1.7 percent was much reduced from Barack Obama 's 14 percent margin in 2012 .
Communities
City
Pueblo
Towns
Boone
Rye
Census-designated places
Avondale
Beulah Valley
Blende
Colorado City
Pueblo West
Salt Creek
Vineland
Education
School districts serving the county include :
Pueblo School District 60
Pueblo County School District 70
Edison School District 54-JT
Fowler School District R-4J
Pueblo County has thirteen high schools .
Recreation
Rosemount Museum
Sangre de Cristo Arts and Conference Center
Buell Children 's Museum
El Pueblo History Museum
Pueblo Weisbrod Aircraft Museum
Steelworks Museum
Lake Pueblo State Park
Nature and Wildlife Discovery Center
Pueblo Zoo
Pueblo City Park Carousel
Arkansas River kayak course
Historic Arkansas Riverwalk
Union Avenue Historic Commercial District
Pueblo City-County Library District
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
Arapahoe County , Kansas Territory
El Paso County , Jefferson Territory
Colorado census statistical areas
Front Range Urban Corridor
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pueblo County , Colorado
Saint Charles Reservoir
References
External links
Pueblo County Geographic Information Systems website
Colorado County Evolution by Don Stanwyck
Colorado Historical Society
Colorado counties
1861 establishments in Colorado Territory
Eastern Plains
Populated places established in 1861
The Lhasa River , also called Kyi Chu ( , ) , is a northern tributary of the Yarlung Tsangpo River in the south of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China .
The Yarlung Tsangpo is the upper section of the Brahmaputra River . The Lhasa River is subject to flooding with the summer monsoon rains , and structures have been built to control the floods .
In its lower reaches the river valley is an important agricultural area . The city of Lhasa , named after the river , lies on the river . There are two large hydroelectric power stations on the river , the Zhikong Hydro Power Station ( 100 MW ) and the Pangduo Hydro Power Station ( 160 MW )
Basin
The Lhasa River drains an area of , and is the largest tributary of the middle section of the Yaluzangbu River .
The average altitude of the basin is around .
The basin has complex geology and is tectonically active . Earthquakes are common .
The river basin is the center of Tibet politically , economically and culturally .
As of 1990 the population was 329,700 , of whom 208,700 were farmers . 88 % of the people were ethnic Tibetans .
The climate is semi-arid monsoon , with a low average temperature of .
Average annual precipitation is , with 85 % falling in the June–September period .
Annual runoff is .
Water quality is good , with little discharge of sewage and minimal chemical pesticides and fertilizers .
The basin has about of farmland , of which is irrigated .
There are of grasslands that may be used for pasturage , and of forest .
Course
The Lhasa River is the longest of the Yarlung Tsangpo tributaries .
It flows through the south of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China , and is a left tributary of the Yarlung Tsangpo .
It is about long .
The river forms where three smaller rivers converge .
These are the Phak Chu , the Phongdolha Chu which flows from Damxung County and the Reting Tsangpo , which rises beyond the Reting Monastery .
The highest tributary rises at around on the southern slope of the Nyenchen Tanglha Mountains .
In its upper reaches the river flows southeast through a deep valley .
Lower down the river valley is flatter and changes its direction to the southwest , The river expands to a width of .
Major tributaries in the lower reaches include the Pengbo River and the Duilong River .
At its mouth the Lhasa Valley is about wide .
It enters the Tsangpo at a point where that river makes a sharp turn to the south , and which therefore seems to be a continuation of the Lhasa River .
The river is navigable from its mouth on the Yarlung Tsangpo up to the city of Lhasa and to altitudes of up to .
Intensive melting of snow and glaciers starts in May , contributing 20–30 % of the water .
The bulk of the water is supplied by the summer monsoon rains , which fall from July to September .
There are floods in the summer from July to September , with about 17 % of the annual runoff flowing in September .
In winter the river has low water , and sometimes freezes . Total flow is about , with average flow about .
Fish population
The Lhasa River has mean monthly water temperatures that range from about .
Average water temperatures are .
There are abundant species of fish that are adapted to the clear and cool water .
The cool temperatures , with the upstream reaches above freezing over at times , have the effect of delaying growth of fish such as Oxygymnocypris stewartii .
The Tibetan plateau has thin air and clouds , which combined with the clear water gives strong illumination from a full moon .
This may affect the fishes ' circadian rhythm .
In 2009 it was reported that fish caught in the lower reaches of the river had been decreasing slightly in size , probably due to increasing demand and construction of hydroelectric dams .
Settlements
The river valley is one of the main agricultural areas of Tibet .
The city of Lhasa lies on its shore , and there are many Buddhist monasteries in the valley .
Riwo Ganden Nampar Gyelpé Ling , the first fortress of the Gelukpa sect , was built on the left bank in 1409 , about upstream from Lhasa .
In 1416 the monastery of Chödra Chenpo Penden Drepung was built on the right bank near to the Neudzong fortress .
The ruins of the Sne ' u rdzong fortress are on the left bank of the river , opposite the Norbulingka summer palace of the Dalai Lamas in Lhasa .
The climate in the central river valleys of Tibet is comparatively mild .
They are warm in summer , and even in the coldest months of winter the temperature is above freezing on sunny days .
A visitor described the valley around Lhasa in 1889 as follows ,
William Montgomery McGovern wrote in To Lhasa in Disguise ( 1924 ) that the right tributary of the Lhasa River , the Ti , which enters the river a few miles below Lhasa , was crossed by a very large and imposing bridge over a hundred yards long , with masonry piers and substantial stone embankments .
McGovern also described the Yutok-sampa , or Turquoise Bridge , a structure with walls and a roof that crossed what had been the main Lhasa River but was now a stagnant canal .
As late as 1984 kowas , yak hide boats similar to coracles , were being used to ferry passengers across the Lhasa River .
The Liuwu Bridge was constructed across the Lhasa River to link central Lhasa to Lhasa railway station on the south bank .
The bridge was completed in 2007 .
In 2010 there was a small hydroelectric power station .
Prior to 2011 , waste water from Lhasa was discharged untreated into the river .
A waste water treatment plant designed to process 50,000 tons of sewage per day was commissioned in July 2011 .
Barrages
Before the Annexation of Tibet by the People 's Republic of China , the agricultural engineer Peter Aufschnaiter designed a dam on the Lhasa River to protect the palace of Norbulingka in the city of Lhasa from flooding , with a water supply canal to the city . Heinrich Harrer monitored the work .
In 1948 Heinrich Harrer had to intervene to reinforce a dyke that protected the Norbulingka from inundations by the Lhasa River , which was wide after the monsoon .
Harrer directed a work crew of 500 soldiers and 1,000 laborers paid by the government of Tibet .
A fleet of 40 Yak skin boats were used to carry granite blocks extracted from a quarry upstream of the Norbulingka .
Harrer mentions some difficulties .
The Tibetans did not work as hard as westerners , and would stop to help worms when they found them . There were several hundred women working on the site .
The soldiers did not fail to make jokes with them , to which they responded promptly .
The site was often visited by members of the Tibetan government , who would give out silk scarves , and rewards were distributed to the workers .
The total hydropower potential of the river basin is 2,560,000 kW .
83 medium and small hydroelectric plants had been built by 1989 , delivering a total of 26,124 kW .
Construction of the Zhikong Hydro Power Station in Maizhokunggar County began in May 2003 .
The reservoir is at an elevation of above sea level .
The project cost 1.37 billion yuan . The dam impounds of water . The 100 MW power station came into operation in September 2007 .
The Pondo Water-Control Project dammed the Lhasa River in Lhünzhub County . Work started in 2008 , and progressed on schedule .
It is at an elevation of above sea level .
The project includes a reservoir and a power station with potential annual generating capacity of 599 million kilowatt hours .
The project , also called the Pangduo hydro project , impounds of water .
It is planned to irrigate .
Damming of the river stream was completed in October 2011 .
The project was due to start operating its first generator in October 2013 .
The project involved a total investment of 4.569 billion yuan , or about 0.74 billion US dollars , and has been called the `` Tibetan Three Gorges '' . It was built as part of the Western Development Strategy . The dam also supports flood prevention and water supply .
References
Sources
Rivers of Lhasa
Tributaries of the Brahmaputra River
Braided rivers in China
Beskaragay ( ; ) is a district of East Kazakhstan Region in eastern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Beskaragay . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
East Kazakhstan Region
Kashe Quest ( born in June 22 , 2018 ) is an American child genius who is the youngest member of American Mensa , having joined at 2 years old .
Quest was born in Los Angeles County , California to an Indian-American mother Sukhjit Athwal ( also known as Sue or Jit ) , who is a child development expert from Northern California , and African-American father Devon , a law clerk . Quest 's pediatrician noticed they could already speak with advanced syntax and have dialogue in complete sentences at 18 months old ; so they recommended that they be tested by a psychologist who administered the Mensa test , in which they scored 146 , certifying them as a genius . They can correctly identify every American state , every continent , branches of government , identify every element on the periodic table , in addition to learning Spanish and American Sign Language .
Quest has been featured on ABC World News Tonight , The Today Show , and interviewed on Jimmy Kimmel Live .
References
2018 births
Living people
Mensans
People from Los Angeles
American children
American people of Indian descent
African-American people
Tilbrook Hill ( ) is a hill rising to 70 m between Hillier Moss and Caloplaca Cove in southeast Signy Island , South Orkney Islands . Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) in 1990 after Peter J. Tilbrook , British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) terrestrial biologist , 1961-75 ( latterly Head , Terrestrial Biology Section ) , who initiated two long-term research sites close to this feature .
Hills of the South Orkney Islands
Kang Chun-hyok ( 강춘혁 ) is a North Korean defector , artist , and rapper . Kang defected during the late 1990s and early 2000s .
Life in North Korea
Kang was born in Onseong . Kang 's father left North Korea for China in 1997 but was caught and imprisoned . Kang was a kotjebi ( homeless child ) . When they were 9 or 10 years old they witnessed a public execution . They ran away from home at age 13 . Once Kang 's father was released from prison , the family crossed the Tumen river to China in 1998 . In 2001 , the family were caught by the Chinese police . Kang bribed the Chinese officials , and travelled to South Korea via Vietnam and Cambodia . Their family reunited with them in South Korea later that year .
Life in South Korea
They have studied fine arts at Hongik University .
In 2014 , Kang appeared on series three of Show Me The Money . Following their appearance on the show , Yang Dong-geun has been producing an album with Kang . Kang 's raps are about their experiences in North Korea . Their art was showcased in the exhibition 꽃제비 날다 전시회 ( Kkotjebi in Bloom : North Korean Children 's Flight to Freedom ) focusing on the experiences of kotjebi alongside pieces by Sun Mu . In 2016 they appeared on the TV show Abnormal Summit talking about their experiences defecting .
Discography
Kang has released the songs 못 다한 이야기 ( Feat 3mm ) and For The Freedom ( feat . 3mm , CarpeDiem ) on YouTube in 2015 and 2016 , respectively . In 2021 they released a song called Vendetta ( Feat . 3mm ) .
Filmography
Television series
Notes
References
External links
North Korean defectors
Living people
South Korean male rappers
1986 births
La Naissance D'Un Rêve is the second album by the German band Lacrimas Profundere . It was released through Witchhunt records and recorded at Zinnkopf Audio in Siegsdorf , Germany . The title is French for 'The Birth of a Dream . '
The album was re-released three times : In 2002 in Korea containing two bonus tracks `` The Meadows of Light '' and `` Eternal Sleep ( Orchestral Version ) '' produced by Sail Productions . Also , in the same year , it was re-released as a part of `` The Fallen Years '' double CD album , produced by `` Scarecrow Records ( Mexico ) '' . And lastly in 2003 in Russia with one bonus track .
Track listing
Personnel
Christopher Schmid : Vocals
Anja Hötzendorfer : Violin and Female Vocals
Oliver Nikolas Schmid : Guitars
Markus Lapper : Bass
Stefan Eireiner : Drums
Christian Steiner : Keyboards
Eva Stöger : Flute
External links
Lacrimas Profundere albums
1997 albums
Gustave Fourreau ( 1920-1994 ) was a Général de brigade of the French Army and Commandant of the Foreign Legion .
Military career
Gustave engaged as a volunteer at the Special Military School of Saint-Cyr , 129th promotion « Croix de Provence » on October 14 , 1942 .
They escaped from France by Spain , on August 15 , 1943 .
Nominated to a Caporal-chef ( Senior Corporal ) on June 1 , 1943 .
They disembarked in Morocco , 87th company garrisoned in Rabat on December 15 , 1943 where they were promoted to the rank of Sous-lieutenant at the officer school at Rabat .
They served as a section chief ( ) in the 6th company of the 4th Moroccan Tirailleurs Regiment ( ) on September 23 , 1944 . With the same regiment and company , they partook to the campaign of Germany on March 3 , 1945 . Wounded on May 5 , 1945 , they were evacuated .
Promoted to the rank of lieutenant on June 25 , 1945 .
They then served with the 4th Moroccan Tirailleurs Regiment at Taza in Morocco as of January 24 , 1946 . In the same regiment , hen then served in the 7th company on May 1 , 1946 and with the second support company February 11 , 1947 .
On December 20 , 1947 , they were assigned to the DCRE and the served in the 2nd battalion , 6th company of the 4e DBLEM , on January 21 , 1948 . During the same year , they were reassigned to the DCRE on August 5 , 1948 .
Sent in reinforcement to the Far East ( ) , they disembarked in at Saigon , and was assigned to the 3rd battalion of the 12th company of the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment 3e REI , on September 21 , 1948 .
They were then nominated as the chief of the 9th company of the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment 3e REI , on February 13 , 1949 .
They were repatriated on November 25 , 1950 and promoted to Captain , on April 1 , 1951 .
They were assigned to the DCLE-SMOLE , on April 2 , 1951 as the Editor-in-Chief of Képi Blanc until 1953 . They were the assigned to the Asian Sections Studies of the Center of High Studies of Muslim Administration ( ) in Paris , on September 19 , 1953 .
Set in reinforcement again to the Far East on February 15 , 1954 , they disembarked at Saigon with the 2nd battalion of the 5th Foreign Infantry Regiment 5e REI , on February 17 , 1954 as a Captain Adjudant Major .
They then commanded the 2nd battalion , 8th company of the 5th Foreign Infantry Regiment 5e REI , on May 1 , 1955 . They were repatriated with their unit to Oran April 6 , 1956 .
They served again with 2nd battalion , 8th company of the 5th Foreign Infantry Regiment on July 26 , 1956 , and was designated as the operations officer of the battalion on October 17 of the same year .
They were nominated as Aide-de-camp at the general staff headquarters of the Armies ( ) at Paris , on July 1 , 1957 .
They were then assigned to the ILE at Vincennes as chief of the contentious bureau on August 1 , 1958 .
They were promoted accordingly to a Chef de bataillon ( Commandant - Major ) on July 1 , 1959 .
They were assigned to the 13th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion 13e DBLE on four different occasional tours . The first assignment was at Bougie on July 22 , 1960 , on August 10 , 1960 , on November 3 , 1960 , then on November 17 , 1961 .
They were then nominated to the 1st Mounted Chasseur Groupment ( ) at Reims .
They were promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-colonel , on October 1 , 1964 .
In October , they were nominated to the Command of the general staff headquarters of Supreme Allied Armed Forces ( ) in Europe , the Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe SHAPE .
Two years later , they were assigned to the Superior War School ( ) , as an instructor on July 1 , 1966 .
They were nominated as the regimental commander of the 13th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion 13e DBLE , on July 3 , 1968 . Accordingly , they were promoted to colonel on July 1 , 1969 .
Repatriated for end of tour on July 15 , 1970 , they were nominated as the general staff headquarters of the 65th Military Division , on September 8 , 1970 .
They were nominated at the 1st Foreign Regiment 1er RE in Aubagne , as colonel assistant ( ) to the Commandant of the Foreign Legion Groupment GLE , on April 24 , 1972 .
Respectively , they assumed command of the GLE on September 1 , 1973 .
Nominated as a Général de brigade , they were admitted to the 1st section of officers generals on May 1 , 1976 , and was accordingly admitted to the 2nd section of officers generals on November 11 , 1976 .
Général Gustave Fourreau passed away on December 2 , 1994 .
Recognitions and Honors
Officier of the Légion d'honneur
Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur
Médaille des Évadés
Médaille commémorative de la guerre 1939–1945
Médaille commémorative de la campagne d'Indochine
Médaille commémorative des opérations de sécurité et de maintien de l'ordre en Afrique du Nord
See also
Major ( France )
French Foreign Legion Music Band ( MLE )
Jacques Lefort
Pierre Jeanpierre
Pierre Darmuzai
Saharan Méharistes Companies ( méharistes sahariennes )
References
Sources
Répertoire des chefs de corps
Centre de documentation de la Légion étrangère
Répertoire des citations ( BCAAM )
French Army officers
1920 births
1994 deaths
Kristian Lee Turner is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from the United States .
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1992 births
Living people
American motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Edgefield Historic District is a national historic district located at Edgefield , Edgefield County , South Carolina . The district encompasses 33 contributing buildings , 6 contributing sites , and 1 contributing object in the town of Edgefield . The buildings center on the landscaped village green , and includes forty 19th century buildings , three of which are house museums . There are a number of 19th century Greek Revival style homes , while others are noted for beautiful Federal style fanlights and unusual doorways . Other district properties include Victorian influenced homes and downtown commercial buildings . Five churches represent the Georgian , Victorian Gothic , and modified Gothic architectural styles . Notable buildings include the Edgefield County Courthouse , Trinity Episcopal Church and Rectory , St. Mary 's Catholic Church ( designed by John R. Niernsee ) , Halcyon Grove , Oakley Park , Carroll Hill , Blocker House , Yarborough House , and Padgett House .
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 .
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Victorian architecture in South Carolina
Georgian architecture in South Carolina
Federal architecture in South Carolina
Greek Revival architecture in South Carolina
Gothic Revival architecture in South Carolina
Buildings and structures in Edgefield County , South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Edgefield County , South Carolina
Neptune 's fields ( Swedish : Neptuni åkrar ) is a nature reserve in the north of the island of Öland , Sweden . Located in Borgholm Municipality along the Kalmar Strait , north of the village of Byxelkrok , it consists of a long stretch of cobble beach covered with Echium vulgare which blossoms in June and July , coloring the entire area blue . The cobble stones result from stones left during the last ice age that eroded through the action of the waves , and they are interspersed with fossils from Trilobites and Brachiopods .
The place is a well-known tourist attraction . It was named by Carl Linnaeus , who visited the place on their 1741 journey to the island .
Tumulus and gravefield
Just south of the Neptune 's fields is the Forgalla Skepp , a Bronze Age ship shaped tumulus , and a grave field . The latter measures and contains 32 small stone circles , nine cists , twelve round cairns , and one in the shape of a three pointed star ( treudd ) .
A bit further south , just a kilometer north of Byxelkrok , is Höga Flisa
( the Tall Shard ) , a high limestone .
References
External links
Area entry at Swedish National Heritage Board
Nature reserves in Sweden
Öland
Makhambet District ( ) is a district of Atyrau Region in Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the selo of Makhambet . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Atyrau Region
A wharf , quay ( , also ) , staith , or staithe is a structure on the shore of a harbour or on the bank of a river or canal where ships may dock to load and unload cargo or passengers . Such a structure includes one or more berths ( mooring locations ) , and may also include piers , warehouses , or other facilities necessary for handling the ships . Wharves are often considered to be a series of docks at which boats are stationed .
Overview
A wharf commonly comprises a fixed platform , often on pilings . Commercial ports may have warehouses that serve as interim storage : where it is sufficient a single wharf with a single berth constructed along the land adjacent to the water is normally used ; where there is a need for more capacity multiple wharves , or perhaps a single large wharf with multiple berths , will instead be constructed , sometimes projecting over the water . A pier , raised over the water rather than within it , is commonly used for cases where the weight or volume of cargos will be low .
Smaller and more modern wharves are sometimes built on flotation devices ( pontoons ) to keep them at the same level as the ship , even during changing tides .
In everyday parlance the term quay is common in the United Kingdom , Canada , Australia , and many other Commonwealth countries , and the Republic of Ireland , whereas the term wharf is more common in the United States . In some contexts wharf and quay may be used to mean pier , berth , or jetty .
In old ports such as London ( which once had around 1700 wharves ) many old wharves have been converted to residential or office use .
Certain early railways in England referred to goods loading points as `` wharves '' . The term was carried over from marine usage . The person who was resident in charge of the wharf was referred to as a `` wharfinger '' .
Etymology
Wharf
The word wharf comes from the Old English hwearf , cognate to the Old Dutch word werf , which both evolved to mean `` yard '' , an outdoor place where work is done , like a shipyard ( Dutch : scheepswerf ) or a lumberyard ( Dutch : houtwerf ) . Originally , werf or werva in Old Dutch ( werf , wer in Old Frisian ) simply referred to inhabited ground that was not yet built on ( similar to `` yard '' in modern English ) , or alternatively to a terp . This could explain the name Ministry Wharf located at Saunderton , just outside High Wycombe , which is nowhere near any body of water . In support of this explanation is the fact that many places in England with `` wharf '' in their names are in areas with a high Dutch influence , for example the Norfolk broads .
Staith
In the northeast and east of England the term staith or staithe ( from the Norse for landing stage ) is also used . The two terms have historically had a geographical distinction : those to the north in the Kingdom of Northumbria used the Old English spelling staith , southern sites of the Danelaw took the Danish spelling staithe . Both originally referred to jetties or wharves . In time , the northern coalfields of Northumbria developed coal staiths specifically for loading coal onto ships and these would adopt the staith spelling as a distinction from simple wharves : for example , Dunston Staiths in Gateshead and Brancaster Staithe in Norfolk . However , the term staith may also be used to refer only to loading chutes or ramps used for bulk commodities like coal in loading ships and barges .
Quay
Quay , on the other hand , has its origin in the Proto-Celtic language . Before it changed to its current form under influence of the modern French quai , its Middle English spelling was key , keye or caye . This in turn also came from the Old Norman cai ( Old French chai ) , both roughly meaning `` sand bank '' . The Old French term came from Gaulish caium , ultimately tracing back to the Proto-Celtic * kagio- `` to encompass , enclose '' . Modern cognates include Welsh cae `` fence , hedge '' and Cornish ke `` hedge '' , and the Dutch kade .
Gallery
See also
Bollard
Canal basin
Dock ( maritime )
Port
Safeguarded wharf
References
External links
Freight transport
Coastal construction
Port infrastructure
The men 's 68 kg competition of the taekwondo events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games took place on the 30 of June at the Salou Pavilion .
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time ( UTC+2 ) .
Results
Legend
PTG — Won by Points Gap
SUP — Won by superiority
OT — Won on over time ( Golden Point )
DQ — Won by disqualification
PUN — Won by punitive declaration
WD — Won by withdrawal
Main bracket
References
Taekwondo at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Tomaiul Nou is a commune in Leova District , Moldova . It is composed of two villages , Sărățica Veche and Tomaiul Nou .
References
Communes of Leova District
Sveštica is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 1,295 inhabitants .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Hotel Ritz may refer to :
The Ritz Hotel , London
Hôtel Ritz Paris
Hotel Ritz ( Barcelona )
Hotel Ritz ( Buenos Aires ) ( : es : Hotel Ritz ( Buenos Aires ) )
Hotel Ritz ( Cape Town )
Hotel Ritz ( Lisbon )
Ritz Hotel , Madrid
Ritz-Carlton Montreal
The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company
Ritz Hotel Hyderabad now known as Hill Fort Palace
A Tuohy ( /tOO-ee/ ) needle is a hollow hypodermic needle , very slightly curved at the end , suitable for inserting epidural catheters .
Epidural needle
Literally , an epidural needle is simply a needle that is placed into the epidural space . To provide continuous epidural analgesia or anesthesia , a small hollow catheter may be threaded through the epidural needle into the epidural space , and left there while the needle is removed . There are multiple types of epidural needles as well as catheters , but in modern practice in developed nations , disposable materials are used to ensure sterility .
Epidural needles are designed with a curved tip to help prevent puncture of the dural membrane . But following accidental dural puncture , headache occurs in up to 85 % of patients causing significant perioperative morbidity . However , in case of inadvertent dural perforation , the incidence of headache can be lowered by identifying the epidural space with the needle bevel oriented parallel to the longitudinal dural fibers which limits the size of the subsequent dural tear .
Types
Types of epidural needles include :
The Crawford Needle
The Tuohy Needle
The Hustead Needle
The Weiss Needle
The Sprotte Spezial Needle
Other Epidural Needles : Other less popular types are the Wagner needle ( 1957 ) , the Cheng needle ( 1958 ) , the Crawley needle ( 1968 ) , the Foldes needle ( 1973 ) , and the Bell needle ( 1975 ) —all variants of the Huber design with a blunted tip of varying sharpness .
Variants like the Brace needle , a Crawford variant ; the Lutz epidural needle ( 1963 ) , with a pencil-point design for single-shot epidural use ; the Scott needle ( 1985 ) , a Tuohy needle with a Luer lock hub ; and the Eldor needle ( 1993 ) , designed for use with combined spinal epidural anesthesia .
History
Though Ralph L. Huber ( 1915–2006 ) , a Seattle dentist was the inventor of this needle in 1940 , it is known in the name of Edward Boyce Tuohy ( 1908–1959 ) , a 20th-century U.S anesthesiologist who first popularized it in 1945 .
References
Further reading
Medical equipment
Neurology procedures
Young Gardeners is an oil painting by Malle Leis in the Tartu Art Museum .
The painting shows a double self-portrait against a background of flowers and could be interpreted to mean two young gardeners lying down in a field of flowers of their own cultivation , as the title suggests . Its geometric forms with pop elements was probably originally intended to be a pendant of a similar work featuring a double portrait of their husband , painted in the same year .
References
Young Gardeners in Europeana website
1968 paintings
Collection of Tartu Art Museum
Estonian paintings
Pop art
Monzogabbro is an intrusive rock with a composition intermediate between gabbro and monzonite . It is defined in the QAPF classification as coarse-grained igneous rock in which quartz makes up 0 % to 5 % of the QAPF mineral fraction , plagioclase makes up 65 % to 90 % of the total feldspar content , and the plagioclase is calcium-rich ( % An > 50 ) .
References
Plutonic rocks
Adam Lawton ( born 13 June 1993 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays for the Widnes Vikings in the Betfred Championship , as a or .
They played for the Widnes Vikings in the Super League , and on loan from Widnes at the North Wales Crusaders in the Championship . Lawton has spent time on loan from Salford at the Rochdale Hornets and the Swinton Lions in the Betfred Championship .
Background
Lawton was born in Widnes , Cheshire , England .
Career
Widnes Vikings
Lawton made their début in 2013 , and scored nine tries in 12 appearances during their first season with the club . In July 2014 , Lawton was granted a sabbatical from their contract with Widnes in order to `` take an extended break to Australia '' .
Widnes Vikings ( rejoined )
On 27 December 2020 it was reported that Lawton would re-join Widnes Vikings for the 2021 season on a 1-year deal
References
External links
Salford Red Devils profile
SL profile
1993 births
Living people
English rugby league players
Newcastle Thunder players
North Wales Crusaders players
Rochdale Hornets players
Rugby league players from Widnes
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league props
Salford Red Devils players
Swinton Lions players
Widnes Vikings players
Stéphane Houdet and Nicolas Peifer won the first Wheelchair Doubles title at the Queen 's Club Championships in a round robin .
Draw
Round robin
References
Doubles Draw
Wheelchair Doubles
Queen 's Club Championships
Kudalasangama ( also written as Kudala Sangama ) in India is an important centre of pilgrimage for Lingayats . It is located about from the Almatti Dam in Bagalkot district of Karnataka state . The Krishna and Malaprabha River rivers merge here and flow east towards Srisailam ( another pilgrim center ) Andhra Pradesh . The Aikya Mantapa or the holy Samādhi of Basavanna , the founder of the Lingayatism along with Linga , which is believed to be self-born ( Swayambhu ) , is here . The Kudala Sangama Development Board takes care of the maintenance and development .
Tourism
The main attractions in and around Kudala Sangama are :
The Sangamanatha Temple in Chalukya style
The Aikya Linga of Basaveshwara
The Mahamane Campus of the Basava Dharma Peetha
The Poojavana , a mini forest with neat paths amidst the trees .
The Sabha Bhavana . Colossal , it is a spacious auditorium with a seating capacity for 6,000 . The exquisite doorways on the four sides - named after Gangambike , Nilambike , Channabasavanna and Akka Nagamma - surround the huge grey dome in the centre .
The Basava Gopura . Tall , it is slated to house the Basava International Centre . The high symmetrical tower is imposing .
Museum . The Ashrama , meant for visitors to stay , also has a museum with a collection of sculptures related to Basavanna and the history of Karnataka state .
History
An inscription in the temple of AD 1213 records a gift to the god Acheshvara . Another stone record of AD 1160 refers to land grant to deities , Kaleshvara and Achesvara .
It is believed that in the 12th century Jathaveda Muni Sarangamath had set up an education centre here and Basaveshvara , Channabasavanna and Akkanagamma were students . Basaveshvara spent their boyhood here and , after their return from Kalyana , they are said to have become one with the God at this place . The vachanas composed by them are dedicated to the presiding deity here , Sangamanatha .
Location and architecture
The place is a village about from Hungund . Close by is the holy pilgrim centre and the renowned temple of Sangameshwara , on the river bank , at the confluence of the Krishna and the Malaprabha rivers . Formerly it was known as Kappadi sangama where Basaveshwara 's teacher Ishanaguru lived .
The temple consists of a porch , navaranga and the main shrine . The idols of Basaveshvara , Neelamma , Nandi and Ganapathi have been placed in the navaranga . The door frame of the garbhagriha is richly carved with floral designs and animal figures . In the shrine is the linga famed as Sangameshvara or Sangamanatha .
In front of the temple , in the midst of the river , is a small stone mantapa with a Shivalinga in it , and lofty cement concrete dry well has been built around it to protect it from submersion .
On the east , across the river Krishna , stands the Neelamma 's temple . They were the consort of Basaveshvara . Here also a high cement concrete dry well has been built around the structure to protect it from the waters .
Vishwaguru Basavanna
Vishwaguru ( 'universal teacher ' ) Basavanna is the famous Philosopher and social reformer who was born in Bagewadi ( Basavana Bagewadi ) , a small village in Bijapur District , in North Karnataka , also called Ingaleshwara Bagewadi . Agrahara was an important place in town . The house of Madiraja the chief of the township was situated here . Basaveshwara was born to Madiraja and Madambike on third day of Vyshakha month of Anandanama year in Rohini star , according to the Indian calendar also known as Panchanga ( the year coincides with AD 1134 ) . Basavanna was a great saint ; they are considered Guru by their followers . A true visionary of their time and a revolutionary who started Lingayat sect . Basavanna 's ultimate aim was to make this fundamental right available to each and everyone . Basavanna , keeping welfare as the ultimate aim , expedited programmes to take religion to the people by preaching and writing religious literature in Kannada . Their Gadduge ( samadhi ) is at Kudalasangama .
See also
Vachana Sahitya
Photos of Kudala Sangama
See also
Basavakalyan
Ulavi
Basavana Bagewadi
Tangadagi
Muddebihal
Bagalkot
Karnataka
External links
More info
Kudala Sangama in Lingayat Religion
ಕೂಡಲ ಸಂಗಮ
Koodalasangam
Indian Mirror article on Kudala Sangama
Jangam Lingayats
References
Hindu temples in Bagalkot district
Tourist attractions in Karnataka
Lingayatism
Cities and towns in Bagalkot district
Teja Oblak ( born December 20 , 1990 ) is a professional Slovenian basketball player for ZVVZ USK Praha and the Slovenian national team . They began their basketball career in their hometown Škofja Loka , playing eight years for their local team Odeja Škofja Loka . In Euroleague , they combined one season in Polkowice with three seasons for Good Angels Košice and one season in Atomerömü KSC Szekszard and in 2018 , they moved to ZVVZ USK Praha .
They participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017 .
They are the older sister of Jan Oblak , a professional football goalkeeper for Atlético Madrid and the Slovenia national team .
References
1990 births
Living people
Slovenian women 's basketball players
Sportspeople from Kranj
Point guards
Slovenian expatriates in Slovakia
Slovenian people of Bosnia and Herzegovina descent
Slovenian people of Serbian descent
This is a timeline of the development of radio in Wales .
1970s
1970
No events .
1971
No events .
1972
12 July – Following the enabling of The Sound Broadcasting Act 1972 , The Independent Broadcasting Authority is formed , paving the way for the launch of Independent Local Radio .
1973
No events .
1974
30 September – Swansea Sound , the first Independent Local Radio station in Wales , begins broadcasting to the Swansea area .
1975
No events .
1976
No events .
1977
3 January – BBC Radio Cymru is launched .
1978
Autumn – Four experimental local radio stations broadcast for a single week : Radio Wrexham , Radio Deeside , Radio Merthyr and Radio Rhondda .
23 November –
All BBC national radio stations change their medium or long wave transmission wavelength as part of a plan for BBC AM broadcasting in order to improve national AM reception , and to conform with the Geneva Frequency Plan of 1975 . Radio 1 's transmission wavelength is moved from 247m ( 1214 kHz ) to 275 & 285m ( 1053 & 1089 kHz ) medium wave . Radio 2 's wavelength is moved from 1500m ( 200 kHz ) long wave to 433 & 330m ( 693 & 909 kHz ) medium wave . Radio 3 is moved from 464m ( 647 kHz ) to 247m ( 1215 kHz ) medium wave . Radio 4 is moved from various medium wavelengths to 1500m ( 200 kHz ) long wave .
Due to Radio 4 's transfer from medium wave to long wave , BBC Radio Scotland and BBC Radio Wales launch as full-time stations on Radio 4 's former Welsh medium wave opt-out wavelengths of 340m ( 882 kHz ) respectively , albeit initially with very limited broadcast hours due to very limited coverage of BBC Radio 4 on FM in both countries .
1979
November – A weekday mind-morning programme launches on BBC Radio Cymru , thereby extending its broadcasting hours to 65 hours each week . Previously , apart from extended news bulletins at lunchtime and early evening , and some off-peak opt-outs , the station had only been on air at breakfast time .
1980s
1980
February – BBC Radio Deeside is launched as an opt-out service from BBC Radio Wales .
11 April – CBC in Cardiff becomes the first of the second tranche of Independent Local Radio stations to start broadcasting . It is the first new ILR station since 1976 .
1981
October – BBC Radio Deeside is expanded to cover all of north east Wales and is renamed BBC Radio Clwyd .
1982
No events .
1983
18 April – BBC Radio Gwent launches as an opt-out service from BBC Radio Wales .
13 June – Gwent Broadcasting becomes the first station in the UK to occupy the newly released 102.2 to 104.5Mhz part of the VHF/FM waveband .
6 October – Centre Radio stops broadcasting after running into financial difficulties . A take-over bid was rejected by the IBA and the station went off air at 5.30pm .
1984
No events .
1985
13 February – Financial difficulties force South Wales station Gwent Broadcasting to close down after less than two years on air .
14 October – CBC is relaunched as Red Dragon Radio . The station also covers the Newport area , offering a replacement service to Gwent Broadcasting and provides separate breakfast shows for Cardiff and Newport until the early 1990s .
1986
The Home Office sanctions six experiments of split programming on Independent Local Radio . Up to ten hours a week of split programming was allowed . These include Welsh language programmes on Marcher Sound .
1987
No events .
1988
29 September – BBC Radio 1 starts broadcasting on FM in South Wales .
1989
31 March – Marcher Gold begins broadcasting on MW to Wrexham and Chester and the area 's FM station is renamed MFM .
19 December – BBC Radio 1 starts transmitting on FM in the Cardigan Bay area .
1990s
1990
15 July – Touch AM begins broadcasting in South Wales .
1991
March – BBC Radio Gwent stops broadcasting .
1992
14 December – Radio Ceredigion begins broadcasting to Aberystwyth and the West Wales Coast .
1993
1 July – Radio Maldwyn begins broadcasting on AM to the Montgomeryshire area of Wales .
27 August – Marcher Coast begins broadcasting . The station covers the north Wales coastal area from Llandudno eastwards .
October – BBC Radio Clwyd closes , although news opt-outs continue until 2002 .
1994
4 September – Galaxy 101 launches a dance music service to the Severn estuary area .
1995
30 September – Swansea Sound 's FM frequency becomes a CHR ( contemporary hit radio ) station called 96.4 Sound Wave . while Swansea Sound continues to broadcast its full service format on 1170 AM .
1996
23 November – Valleys Radio begins broadcasting on MW to the South Wales valleys .
1997
No events .
1998
11 December – Champion FM begins broadcasting to Caernarfon and Anglesey .
1999
The BBC begins creating an FM network for BBC Radio Wales . Previously , apart from in Gwent , the station had only been available on MW .
19 August – BBC Radio 1 broadcasts its first split programming when it introduces weekly national new music shows for Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland . The Session in Wales is presented by Bethan Elfyn and Huw Stephens .
2000s
2000
1 May – 106.3 Bridge FM begins broadcasting to the Bridgend area of South Wales .
3 October – South Wales regional station Real Radio Wales begins broadcasting .
2001
31 July – The regional multiplex covering south Wales , MXR Severn Estuary , begins transmissions .
2002
24 May – Wales gets its first community radio station when GTFM begins broadcasting to Pontypridd and surrounding areas . The station is one of 15 trial stations participating in the under an Access Radio experiment and following full evaluation , GTFM was licensed as the first community radio station in Wales under OFCOM 's changed rules in 2006
14 July – 102.5 Radio Pembrokeshire begins broadcasting .
BBC Radio Wales ' news bulletins in north east Wales end .
Galaxy 101 is rebranded as Vibe 101 .
2003
3 January – Severn Estuary regional station Galaxy 101 is renamed Vibe 101 .
2004
30 January – The Swansea SW Wales ( DAB Multiplex ) begins broadcasting ..
13 June – 97.1 Radio Carmarthenshire begins broadcasting .
14 July – 97.5 Scarlet FM begins broadcasting to the Llanelli area .
2005
No events .
2006
6 September – Vibe 101 is rebranded as Kiss 101 .
2007
8 October – Radio Cardiff begins broadcasting .
29 November – Nati0n Radio Wales begins broadcasting .
14 December – Sunshine Radio ( FM ) begins broadcasting to Herefordshire and Monmouthshire .
2008
16 June – Nation Radio Wales begins broadcasting on FM across South Wales . It replaces Xfm South Wales . It gets the berth following the sale of Xfm South Wales to Town and Country ( now Nation Broadcasting ) on 30 May 2008 .
2009
March – Following Global Radio 's takeover of GCap Media , Champion 103 is rebranded as Heart Cymru as part of a rollout of the Heart network across 29 local radio stations owned by Global . By this point , local programming is now reduced to ten hours on weekdays and seven hours at weekends .
30 April – Valleys Radio closes after thirteen years on air .
2010s
2010
2 July – Heart North Wales and West replaces Heart North Wales Coast , Heart Cheshire and North East Wales and Heart Wirral .
December – All local programming on Kiss 101 is dropped . Consequently the station , which broadcasts across South wales , is now a relay of the national network .
25 December – Radio Hafren launches as a replacement for Radio Maldwyn .
2011
3 January – Red Dragon FM is relaunched as Capital South Wales as part of a merger of owners Global 's Hit Music and Galaxy networks to form the Capital FM network .
2012
1 June – Swansea 's 102.1 Bay Radio is relaunched as Nation 80s , becoming the first FM station in the UK to play nothing but 80s music .
2013
21 January – Radio Today reports the name change of Nation 80s to Nation Hits , a move allowing the station to air a broader range of music . It is the station 's third rebranding since 2009 .
29 July – The regional multiplex covering south Wales , MXR Severn Estuary , closes .
Nation Radio Wales increases its coverage area across Wales via DAB when it began broadcasting to north-east Wales and parts of Cheshire and Merseyside in March , via MuxCo 's Wrexham , Chester and Liverpool multiplex . and in August , the station launches on DAB in Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire via the Muxco Mid and West Wales multiplex .
2014
6 May –
Real Radio is rebranded as Heart .
Following the launch of Heart North Wales , Capital North West and Wales replaces the former Heart station Heart North Wales & West and Heart Cymru is relaunched as Capital Cymru .
12 July – Anglesey gets its first full time station when bilingual community radio station Môn FM begins broadcasting .
2015
11 February – Radio Hafren closes after 22 years on air .
2016
29 February – The UK 's second national commercial multiplex starts broadcasting . However , only 73 % of the UK 's population is able to receive it .
19 September – BBC Cymru launches a pop-up radio station , ( Radio Cymru More ) , broadcasting for three months in the run-up to BBC Radio Cymru 's 40th anniversary . Consisting of five hours of music-led entertainment programming each weekday , Radio Cymru Mwy is available on DAB in south east Wales and online .
2017
19 September – Nation Radio Wales begins broadcasting on FM in Carmarthenshire ( 102.9 FM ) and Pembrokeshire ( 107.1 FM )
2018
29 January – BBC Radio Cymru 2 begins broadcasting at 6.30am on 29 January 2018 . It airs as an opt-out service from 7-9am on Mondays – Saturdays and from 7-10 am on Sundays .
15 May – Sound Digital announces that it will add 19 transmitters to its network , including in parts of Wales .
24 October – BBC Radio Wales ' FM coverage in North East and Mid Wales by taking over 32 transmitters previously used by BBC Radio 3 . The changeover allowed an estimated 400,000 listeners to receive Radio Wales on FM , extending its reach to a potential 91 % of households in Wales .
2019
31 May – Radio Ceredigion drops all of Capital 's networked programming and introduces a full schedule of local output , including an additional Welsh-language daytime show . The station retains both the Capital branding and much of the network 's Contemporary hit radio music playlist .
31 May – Radio Ceredigion ceases broadcasting after its owners , Nation Broadcasting , decided to close the station and replace it with a relay of Nation Radio Wales .
2020s
2020
September – Swansea Sound joins the Greatest Hits Radio network and is rebranded as Greatest Hits Radio South Wales . Most of the station 's local output - including Breakfast , daytime and Welsh language shows - was retained due to conditions placed on the station 's AM broadcast licence by OFCOM .
16 October – Global switches off its mediumwave frequencies in Cardiff and Newport The frequencies had most recently been used to relay Smooth Radio .
2021
May – Môn FM 's broadcast area expands when two new transmitters are switched on . They cover Penmynydd , which covers eastern Anglesey and north Gwynedd , and Nebo , near Amlwch , serving north Anglesey . The station began broadcasting on 96.8 FM from the Penmynydd transmitter , targeting eastern Anglesey and north Gwynedd , on 6 May 2021 .
2022
21 April – Nation Broadcasting launches Breezy Radio , replacing Swansea Bay Radio on 102.1FM in Swansea . The new station is available throughout Wales on DAB .
1 September – Easy Radio replaces Breezy Radio .
See also
Timeline of radio in London
Timeline of radio in Manchester
Timeline of radio in Northern Ireland
Timeline of radio in Scotland
References
Radio in Wales
The 1980 Jordanian League ( known as The Jordanian League , was the 30th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944 . Al-Wehdat won its first title .
Teams
Map
Overview
Al-Wahdat won its first title championship .
League final standings
Promoted : Ain Karem SC and Orthodoxy SC
Matches
Notes :
Results in top right half apparently from first half season
Results in bottom left half from second half season
Ramtha - Faysali also listed as ( 0-1 ) instead of ( 0-2 )
Qadisiya - Faysali also listed as ( 0-1 ) instead of ( 1-0 )
Top scorers
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Dr Edith Clara Batho ( 21 September 1895 – 21 January 1986 ) was Principal of Royal Holloway College , University of London ( RHC ) from 1945 to 1962 .
Education
They were educated at Highbury Hill High School , now Highbury Fields School in Islington , London . They then went on to University College , London ( UCL ) and graduated in English in 1915 .
Career
After the First World War they taught at Roedean , returning to UCL in 1921 as an Assistant in English . They were appointed Reader in English Literature and awarded DLit in 1935 .
They were appointed Principal of RHC in 1945 and chose Dr Constance West as their Vice-Principal . Them first task was to restore the college following disruption of the war years and expand the residential space as post-war demand for university places increased . ( The college had been partially occupied by the women 's ATS Officer Cadets ' Training Unit ( OCTU ) during the war . ) In the academic year 1946/7 numbers rose by almost 50 % and almost 30 % in the year following ( to 330 ) which included eight male postgraduates for the first time .
The Royal Holloway College Act ( 1949 ) abolished the Board of Governors replacing it with a College Council chaired by Princess Alice , Countess of Athlone . Under the terms of the Act the Principal still had to be female but during Batho 's term of office men became in authority in most other areas . In 1945/46 there were 8 men out of 34 in the whole academic community . By the end of their term this had changed to 35 out of 76 . By the end of the 1950s there were 389 students and the decision to take men undergraduates was taken in 1960 when many universities in the country were planning expansion . The first 100 or so men undergraduates arrived in 1965 .
RHC planned expansion at that time to 1,000 students split equally between men and women . The responsibility for putting the plans into being been down to Batho 's successor , Dame Marjorie Williamson .
Publications
The Victorians and After , 1830-1914 ( Introductions to English Literature , vol 4 ) , 1938 , Edith Clara Batho , Guy Patterson Chapman , Bonamy Dobrée
A Wordsworth Selection , 1962 Chosen and edited by Edith Clara Batho
References
1895 births
1986 deaths
People associated with Royal Holloway , University of London
Alumni of University College London
The Ministry of Justice of Libya promotes the rule of law and justice in Libya and aims to produce an effective judiciary and prison system . The ministry is responsible for drafting laws and , in 2013 , announced plans to review legislation so that it may conform to sharia law .
List of ministers ( Post-independence in 1951 )
Abdur Rahman al-Galhoud ( 1954-1956 )
Ali Sahli ( 1956 )
Mohieddin Fikini ( 1956-1957 )
Abd al-Hamid Daibani ( 1960 )
Wahbi al-Bouri ( 1961-1962 )
Omar Mahmud al-Muntasir ( 1962-1964 )
Abdul Hamid al-Bakkoush ( 1964-1968 )
Rajab al Majri ( 1969 )
Muhammed Qadi ( 1969-1970 )
Muhammed 'Ali Jadi ( 1972-1980 )
Muhammed Abu al-Qasim al-Zuwayy ( 1981-1984 ) [ referred to as the Secretary of Justice ]
Miftah Muhammed K'eba ( 1985-1986 ) [ referred to as the Secretary of Justice ]
'Izz al-Din al-Hinshari ( 1990 ) [ referred to as the Secretary of Justice ]
Ibrahim Muhammed Bakkar ( 1991-1994 ) [ referred to as the Secretary of Justice ]
Mustafa Moustafa Al-Qulaib ( 1994 )
Mahmud al-Hijazi ( 1994-1998 ) [ referred to as Secretary of Justice and Public Security ]
Muhammed Abu al-Qasim al-Zuwayy ( 1999-2000 ) [ referred to as Secretary of Justice and Public Security ]
Abd al-Rahman al-Abbar ( 2001 ) [ referred to as Secretary of General People 's Committee for Justice and Public Security ]
Mohamed Ali Al-Masirati ( 2001-2003 ) [ referred to as Secretary of General People 's Committee for Justice and Public Security ]
Umar Abu Bakr ( 2004-2006 ) [ referred to as the Secretary of Justice ]
Mustafa Abdul Jalil ( 2007-2011 )
Ali Ashour ( 2011-2012 ) [ Statutory law emphasized that the Secretary of Justice refers to the Minister of Justice ]
Salah Bashir Margani ( 2012-2014 )
Juma Abdullah Drissi ( 2016–present )
* A new Ministry of Justice would not be created until 1989 .
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Libya
References
Justice ministries
Government of Libya
Emil Benny ( born 19 September 2000 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Indian Super League club NorthEast United .
Career
Gokulam Kerala
Born in Kerala , Emil Benny made their first professional appearance for Gokulam Kerala FC on 9 January 2021 as 86th minute substitute .
At the 2022 AFC Cup group-stage opener , Benny and their side achieved a historic 4–2 win against Indian Super League side ATK Mohun Bagan .
NorthEast United
On 20 August 2022 , NorthEast United announced the signing of Benny from Gokulam Kerala on a multiyear deal . They made their debut for the club on 2 September against Sudeva Delhi in Durand Cup and won the match in 2-0 scoreline .
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Gokulam Kerala
I-League : 2020–21 , 2021–22
Individual
I-League emerging player of the season : 2020–21
I-League Team of the season : 2020–21
References
2000 births
Living people
People from Wayanad district
Footballers from Kerala
Indian footballers
Association football forwards
I-League players
Gokulam Kerala FC players
NorthEast United FC players
I-League 2nd Division players
Kerala Blasters FC Reserves and Academy players
Accredited Business Accountant ( ABA ) is one of the trademarked credentials offered by the privately operated Accreditation Council for Accountancy and Taxation ( ACAT ) .
An alternative equivalent trademarked ACAT credential , ABA may be used by accredited individuals who work in states where non-CPAs may not use the term “ accountant ” , or in states that allow use of the term as a stand-alone word but with a disclaimer .
To receive the certification , individuals must have three years of related work experience , and achieve a 70 % + score on the ABA exam .
References
Accounting qualifications
Tiancixiu née Wang ( mid 14th-century ) was a Chinese acrobat and zaju actor .
They were famous for their roles as male heroes within the Robin Hood-type of ( lülin-haohan ) , and for the skills in warfare technique and athletics which the roles demanded . They were the mentor of their colleagues Tianshengxiu ( her daughter ) , Zhang Xinge and Chienshen , who all became famed actors in their own name .
References
Lily Xiao Hong Lee , Sue Wiles : Biographical Dictionary of Chinese Women , Volume II : Tang Through Ming 618 - 1644
14th-century Chinese people
14th-century Chinese women
14th-century Chinese actores
Yuan dynasty actors
Male impersonators in Chinese opera
Yuri Yuryevich Larionov ( , born 19 August 1986 ) is a Russian pair skater . With former partner Vera Bazarova , they are the 2012–13 Grand Prix Final silver medalist , a three-time European medalist ( silver in 2012 ; bronze in 2011 and 2014 ) , the 2007 World Junior silver medalist , and the 2012 Russian national champion . They won six senior Grand Prix series medals outside the final , including gold at the 2012 NHK Trophy .
Early life and education
Larionov was born on 19 August 1986 in Novosibirsk , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union . Their family later moved to Tashkent , Uzbek SSR , due to their father 's army service . They began skating in 1990 , introduced to the activity by their mother , who was concerned about their health . They decided to continue skating after the family returned to Novosibirsk and later trained for four years in Moscow before moving to Perm . Their first skating partner was Dinara Kalimulina .
Larionov studied at Perm State Pedagogical University , Faculty of Physical Education .
Partnership with Bazarova
2005–09 season
In spring 2005 , coach Ludmila Kalinina paired them with Vera Bazarova . They trained in Perm at the Orlenok Ice Palace until 2011 .
Bazarova/Larionov took silver at the 2007 World Junior Championships . In October , they won their first senior international medal when they claimed the bronze at 2007 Skate America . In December of the same year , the pair won gold at the 2007 Junior Grand Prix Final . However , in January 2008 , they were disqualified and stripped of the medal due to a doping violation found in a blood sample Larionov gave before the Final . Larionov was also suspended for two years , beginning on 18 January 2008 . Their sentence was later reduced to 18 months and ended on 17 July 2009 . Bazarova decided to wait for Larionov : `` There were offers from others , but I said right away that I 'm not going to skate with someone else . ''
2009–10 season
Bazarova/Larionov made their return to competition during the 2009–10 season . Their first event was the 2009 Cup of Russia where they placed fourth and they won the bronze medal at Russian Nationals , earning them further assignments . In January 2010 , the pair finished 5th at the European Championships . In February , they placed 11th at the Olympics and then completed their season with an 8th-place finish at the World Championships in March . They were named Breakthrough of the Year ( pair skating ) at the 2010 Crystal Ice Awards held in October 2010 in Moscow .
2010–11 season
Bazarova/Larionov began the 2010–11 season with a win at 2010 Nebelhorn Trophy in September . Their first Grand Prix event was the 2010 NHK Trophy in October , where they won the silver medal . At 2010 Trophée Eric Bompard , they won another silver medal , in doing so setting new personal best scores in the short program ( 64.18 ) and long program ( 118.82 ) . Their results qualified them for the Grand Prix Final , their first at the senior level , where they finished fifth . At the Russian Nationals they won their second bronze medal .
At the 2011 European Championships , they won the bronze medal after finishing third in both programs and setting personal best scores in the long program and combined total ( 188.24 ) . Although many skaters , including those based at other Russian training centers , criticized the freezing conditions at the arena , Bazarova said , `` At home in our ice rink in Perm , it can also be very cold so we are kind of used to it . '' At the 2011 World Championships , they finished 5th .
2011–12 season
In June 2011 , it was reported that Bazarova/Larionov would move along with their coach , Ludmila Kalinina , from Perm to Saransk . Bazarova said they were comfortable in Saransk , also the host of the 2011 and 2012 Russian national championships . The pair 's first event of the 2011–12 season was Nebelhorn Trophy , where they won silver . They were 5th at 2011 Skate America , their first Grand Prix event of the season . At 2011 Trophée Eric Bompard , they won the silver medal with a new personal best in the free program . Bazarova/Larionov won their first national title at the 2012 Russian Championships . At the 2012 European Championships , they set new personal bests in their short and long programs . They scored a total of 193.79 points overall and won the silver medal . They finished 6th at the 2012 World Championships . Bazarova/Larionov were assigned to represent Team Russia at the 2012 World Team Trophy . They placed first in the pairs event .
2012–13 season
Bazarova/Larionov decided to spend more time in Novogorsk ( near Moscow ) working with former Bolshoi soloist Liudmila Vlasova , who assisted them with interpretation . They withdrew from the 2012 Nebelhorn Trophy after the short program due to a recurring injury to Bazarova 's right hip . On November 1 , Larionov said the injury did not require an operation . Bazarova said it was not painful but their leg would feel very weak at times and that massage treated the problem effectively .
After taking silver at the 2012 Rostelecom Cup , Bazarova/Larionov won their first Grand Prix title at the 2012 NHK Trophy . They qualified for their second Grand Prix Final . At the final in Sochi , Russia , they won the silver medal with personal best scores in both programs and a total of 201.60 points .
Bazarova/Larionov withdrew from the 2013 Russian Championships . Aleksandr Gorshkov said that Larionov had boot problems and could not endanger their partner . The pair was named in the Russian team to the 2013 European Championships but withdrew due to Larionov 's wrist injury which prevented them from doing a number of pairs elements . They were replaced by Ksenia Stolbova / Fedor Klimov . Larionov had an operation in Moscow . On 21 February 2013 , Larionov confirmed they were no longer working with Ludmila Kalinina . The pair trained in Novogorsk , Moscow , advised by Viktor Kudriavtsev , in the period leading up to the 2013 World Championships , with a decision on a new main coach likely to be made after the event . Bazarova injured their hip on a fall while training in Detroit before Worlds . They finished 7th at the event .
On 26 March 2013 , Bazarova/Larionov announced they would be coached by Nina Mozer . In preparation for the 2013–14 season , the pair began training in Moscow and then travelled with Mozer 's group to West Orange , New Jersey in May .
2013–14 season
At the start of the season , Bazarova/Larionov considered adding a quadruple twist but decided against it . During the 2013–14 Grand Prix series , they placed fourth at the 2013 Trophee Eric Bompard and then won the silver medal at the 2013 Rostelecom Cup , behind Aliona Savchenko / Robin Szolkowy . After winning the 2013 NRW Trophy , the pair took silver at the 2014 Russian Championships , losing by a margin of 0.45 to Ksenia Stolbova / Fedor Klimov . At the 2014 European Championships , Bazarova/Larionov won the bronze medal , again finishing behind Stolbova/Klimov .
In February 2014 , Bazarova/Larionov appeared at their second Olympics , in Sochi . They were not selected for the team event but did compete in the separate pairs event , placing sixth . The next month , they competed at the 2014 World Championships in Saitama , Japan . During the free skate , Larionov stumbled while setting Bazarova down from a lift but they avoided injury and finished seventh overall . Later that day , 27 March 2014 , they told Bazarova they wanted to end their partnership . Nina Mozer made the split public several days later and said they were working to arrange a new partnership for him .
Partnership with Zabiyako
Larionov teamed up with Estonia 's Natalya Zabiyako to compete for Russia . At the 2015 Russian Championships , they placed 5th in the short program and 7th overall . In June 2015 , Zabiyako said that they and Larionov had ended their partnership .
Programs
With Zabiyako
With Bazarova
Competitive highlights
GP : Grand Prix ; JGP : Junior Grand Prix
With Zabiyako
With Bazarova
Detailed results
Small medals for short and free programs awarded only at ISU Championships . At team events , medals awarded for combined team results only .
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Russian male pair skaters
Sportspeople from Novosibirsk
Doping cases in figure skating
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Olympic figure skaters of Russia
Figure skaters at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Figure skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
European Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Gregory Ryan ( 13 March 1913 – 10 May 1986 ) was an Australian cricketer . They played one first-class match for New South Wales in 1934/35 .
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1913 births
1986 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Cricketers from Newcastle , New South Wales
Herbert Christopher ( born April 7 , 1954 ) is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs in the National Football League .
1954 births
Living people
People from Thomasville , Georgia
Players of American football from Georgia ( U.S. state )
American football safeties
Morris Brown Wolverines football players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Marjan Kalhor ( ; born 21 July 1988 in Tehran ) is an Iranian alpine skier who became the first Iranian woman to participate in the Winter Olympics , at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics . Kalhor competed in the slalom and giant slalom competitions . They were their nation 's flag bearer in the Opening Ceremony . Kalhor finished 60th among 86 competitors in the Giant Slalom and 55th among 87 participants in the Slalom .
Kalhor started skiing at the age of four , in the Dizin resort north of Tehran , in the Alborz mountain range . At the age of eleven , they won a national competition , and later competed and won medals in Turkey and Lebanon . They have not yet competed in a World Cup event . Kalhor is studying to become a physical education teacher .
References
External links
Living people
1988 births
Olympic alpine skiers of Iran
Iranian female alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
People from Tehran
Alpine skiers at the 2007 Asian Winter Games
Alpine skiers at the 2011 Asian Winter Games
Iranian people of Kurdish descent
Zdeněk Kolář and Andrea Vavassori were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title .
Nuno Borges and Francisco Cabral won the title after defeating Andrej Martin and Gonçalo Oliveira 6–3 , 6–4 in the final .
Seeds
Draw
References
External links
Main draw
Maia Challenger - Doubles
Donald Glenn Garlits ( born January 14 , 1932 , Tampa , Florida ) is an American race car driver and automotive engineer . Considered the father of drag racing , they are known as `` Big Daddy '' to drag racing fans around the world . A pioneer in the field of drag racing , they perfected the rear-engine Top Fuel dragster , an innovation motivated by the loss of part of their foot in a dragster accident . This design was notably safer since it put most of the fuel processing and rotating parts of the dragster behind the driver . The driver was placed in front of nearly all the mechanical components , thus protecting them and allowing them to activate a variety of safety equipment in the event of catastrophic mechanical failure or a fire . Garlits was an early promoter of the full-body , fire-resistant Nomex driving suit , complete with socks , gloves , and balaclava .
Garlits was the first drag racer to officially surpass the 170 , 180 , 200 , 240 , 250 , and 270 mile-per-hour marks in the quarter mile ; they were also the first to top in the . They have been inducted into several Halls of Fame and has won many awards during their career .
Career
Early days
After World War II , in the central and western United States , much air force bases and landing fields were decommissioned . These abandoned runways were perfect for drag racing . Don Garlits 's first drag race car was built under an oak tree at their home in North Tampa in 1954 . They used an arc welder and a cutting torch to modify an old 1927 Ford Model T Roadster . To this roadster they added a 1948 Mercury engine block , a 1939 Ford floor shift transmission , and a 1948 Ford differential and axle . That early T-Bucket 's quarter mile performance was 13.5 seconds , at a top speed of 93 mph . It was this successful , formative roadster that would become the basis for their first rail-job dragster . They cut off the body panels , moved the engine back , and installed the seat behind the drive axle . ( A similar design was built that same year by Mickey Thompson . ) This was the legendary slingshot dragster with which Big Daddy would win the first NHRA race they entered , the NHRA Safety Safari in Lake City , Florida ( 12.1 seconds , 108 mph ) . Three years later , they became a professional drag racer . The first national drag racing meet , sponsored by the National Hot Rod Association was held on an airfield near Great Bend , KS in 1955 . Don Garlits , being from Florida , was something of an outsider . They were sometimes referred to as the Floridian , before permanently adopting the nickname `` Swamp Rat , '' which also became the name for each new generation of their innovative dragster designs .
In 1959 , Garlits traveled to Bakersfield , California for the US Fuel and Gas Championships , later to be named the `` March Meet '' , to show that the times they were setting were as legitimate as those set by the west coast racers . Over 30,000 people attended the event , the largest attendance at a drag race at that point . Their presence helped to grow the sport of drag racing beyond its California base . In 1964 , after winning the U.S. Nationals at Indianapolis , Garlits traveled to England , with TV Tommy Ivo , Tony Nancy , Dante Duce and other racers , to participate in the first International Drag Festival , a six-event series that did much to promote the sport of drag racing in the UK .
Accident leads to innovation
On March 8 , 1970 , at Lions Drag Strip , Garlits was driving Swamp Rat XIII , also called the Wynnscharger , a front-engined slingshot rail dragster , when the vehicle suffered a catastrophic failure . The two-speed transmission Garlits was developing exploded and took a piece out of their right foot , while the car broke in half in front of the cockpit ; they were out for the remainder of the season . In an interview by Florida Trend , Garlits said this of the incident : `` In 1970 , the transmission exploded in my dragster on the final run , and it cut my foot off and cut the car in two . That 's when I drew up plans for what I thought would be a championship rear-engine car . I would go out to the shop in Seffner on my wheelchair , saw stuff out on the band saw and make the parts . ''
Garlits 's accident was like many in the 1960s , and their new design followed several other pioneer designers of rear-engined dragsters , including Steve Swaja 's AA/Gas Wedge I from 1963 , Roger Lindwall 's 1966 Top Fuel Re-Entry , and Kent Fuller 's fueller Sidewinder III from 1969 . They were aided in the construction of their new car by T. C. Lemons and Connie Swingle .
The first modern `` back-motor digger ''
Garlits returned to Pomona in 1971 with Swamp Rat XIV , a brand new mid-engined , front-cockpit rail , also dubbed the `` Swamp Rat I-R '' by Hot Rod in the article introducing it to their readers . The rodding magazines considered the disadvantages of the new dragster design `` obvious , '' and , indeed , Garlits lost in their first outing with the new car , to Gary Cochran at Lions Drag Strip .
However , Swamp Rat XIV became so successful that in 1971 , Garlits won two of their next three Top Fuel Eliminator titles ( the Winternats and Bakersfield ) , and was a runner-up at Lions , all in the new car . A change so momentous had not happened since Mickey Thompson moved the seat behind the rear axle to create the Panorama City Special slingshot rail dragster in 1954 . Rear engine dragsters have since become mainstream in drag racing .
In 1977 , Ed Donovan persuaded Garlits to switch from the 426 hemi they had been using for the last thirteen years to the Donovan , offering ( in Garlits ' words ) `` an engine deal I could n't refuse '' .
Garlits took a brief hiatus , returning to NHRA Top Fuel full-time in 1984 .
Further accomplishments
Garlits has won ten American Hot Rod Association championships , four International Hot Rod Association championships , and three National Hot Rod Association championships , a total of 17 . They were age 54 when they won the last . They won a total of 144 national events . On October 20 , 1987 , their dragster Swamp Rat XXX , the sport 's only successful streamlined fueler , was enshrined in National Museum of American History , a branch of The Smithsonian museum in Washington , DC . In true Garlits style , during the press conference submission and placement ceremony , the dragster was fired up on the Smithsonian `` porch . ''
Retirement and post-racing career
In 1987 , Garlits suffered a blowover at an ADRA event in Spokane , Washington . They received several injuries from the resulting crash . Though none were life-threatening , they temporarily retired from active driving and became a color commentator for NHRA telecasts on TNN and NBC . They announced for four seasons , from 1988 through the end of 1991 . In December 1991 Garlits came out of retirement to race in the Snowbird Nationals , but their comeback was to be short-lived . `` Big Daddy '' retired again before the end of the 1992 season because of a detached retina , a product of the 4g deceleration produced by a Top Fuel Dragster 's braking parachutes .
Garlits resumed their career briefly in 1998 , and again in 2003 . Their last qualifying race was in May 2003 at the NHRA POWERade Drag Racing Series , 23rd annual Summit Racing Equipment NHRA Southern Nationals presented by Pontiac in Atlanta , Georgia . At the age of 71 years , 5 months and 19 days they qualified 16th , setting a personal best speed in the quarter mile with a time of 4.788 seconds at 319.98 mph . Garlits had reached 323.04 earlier in the year at the 2003 Gatornationals . Mr. Garlits lost in first-round competition with their Summit Racing-Mono Winged Dragster , clocking in with a 0.064 reaction time , a personal best 4.737 elapsed time , and 307.44 mph , second only to Brandon Bernstein 's ( son of racing legend Kenny Bernstein ) Budweiser/Lucas Oil Dragster 0.079 reaction time , a 4.615 elapsed time , at 321.42 miles per hour . The difference at the finish line was only 122 thousandths of a second .
Garlits operates the Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing on the grounds of their home in Ocala , Florida . They can also be seen from time to time on ESPN and Speed Vision doing commentary at racing events and performance expositions .
Always at the forefront of driver safety , in the wake of Funny Car driver Scott Kalitta 's fatal crash and numerous other engine explosions and resultant fires , occurring in the last 300 feet of the quarter mile , Garlits declared `` I am 100 percent in favor of it '' , regarding NHRA 's proposal to trim the race distance for Top Fuel and Funny Car from the traditional quarter-mile to 1,000 feet , also suggesting that they would support a ban on rev limiters and a return to a 70/30 nitromethane to methanol ratio . They have since had second thoughts .
In September 2009 , Garlits returned to the quarter mile , racing a specially prepared 2009 Dodge Challenger in the Stock class at the U.S. Nationals at the Indianapolis Raceway Park .
In May 2014 at age 82 , Garlits set a speed record with Swamp Rat 37 , a 2,000 hp battery-powered EV dragsters . In July 2019 at age 87 , they set a new quarter-mile record of with Swamp Rat 38 , a 1,500 lb dragster with a battery-powered 800 hp electric motor .
Political affiliation
In 1994 , Garlits was the Republican Party nominee for Florida 's 5th Congressional District . They were defeated by incumbent Democrat Karen Thurman . They supported the Republican candidacy of Ron Paul for President in 2008 .
Awards
In 2004 they were inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame .
In 1997 , they were inducted into the International Motorsports Hall of Fame .
They were inducted in the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America in 1989 as the sole representative of drag racing .
On the National Hot Rod Association Top 50 Drivers , 1951–2000 , Don Garlits was ranked No.1 .
In 1987 , Garlits ' record-setting Swamp Rat XXX was inducted into and enshrined at The Smithsonian Institution in Washington , D.C .
In 2008 , they were inducted into the inaugural hall of fame class at Gateway International Raceway .
In 2008 , ESPN ranked them 23rd on their top drivers of all-time .
References
External links
Garlits Auto Museums
National Hot Rod Association Top 50 Drivers article of Don Garlits
Information on Don Garlits and the Don Garlits Museum of Drag Racing
Listen to a live radio interview with Don Gartlits on Nostalgic Radio and Cars
1932 births
Living people
Dragster drivers
International Motorsports Hall of Fame inductees
Sportspeople from Ocala , Florida
Racing drivers from Tampa , Florida
Bonneville 200 MPH Club members
Al-Ghantoo ( ) or al-Ghantu , ALA-LC : al-Ghānṭū : but the original name is spelled : الغُنْثُر/ Al-Ghonthor , which means the land of fountains ) is a town in the west of Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located north of Homs . Nearby towns include Talbisa to the northeast and Taldou further to the northwest . According to the Central Bureau of Statistics ( CBS ) , al-Ghantu had a population of 9,412 in 2004 . Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims ,
Most of its residents work in agriculture , and many farmers specialize in vegetables such as lettuce , cabbage , tomatoes , carrots , peppers and others . Olive groves have increased annually . There are many places of interest in the village including old Ancient Roman bridges and water mills on the al-Assali River which passes through the west side of the village .
On 11 June 2012 , anti-government fighters from the Free Syrian Army ( FSA ) attacked the small military airbase situated in al-Ghantu , as part of the ongoing 2011-2012 Syrian uprising against President Bashar al-Assad . The FSA was quickly repelled by a Syrian Army counterattack , but managed to withdraw with hundreds of looted weapons and ammunition . According to FSA officials , they were able to enter the base after being aided by 22 sympathetic soldiers and officers stationed at the base .
Gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
Satellite View of al-Ghantoo
Populated places in al-Rastan District
Five Points is an unincorporated community in Craig Township , Switzerland County , in the U.S. state of Indiana .
Geography
Five Points is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Switzerland County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Lewis Hanback ( March 27 , 1839 – September 7 , 1897 ) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas .
Born in Winchester , Illinois , Hanback attended the common schools and Cherry Grove Seminary in Knox County , Illinois , for three years .
They taught school in Morgan County , Illinois , in 1860 and 1861 .
During the Civil War they enlisted as a private in the Illinois Volunteer Infantry and was promoted to brigade inspector .
They studied law in Albany , New York .
They returned to Illinois and from there moved to Topeka , Kansas .
They were admitted to the bar in 1865 and practiced .
Hanback was elected Justice of the Peace in 1867 .
They were Probate judge of Shawnee County from 1868-1872 .
They served as assistant chief clerk of the State house of representatives .
They served as assistant secretary of the State senate in 1877 .
They served as assistant United States district attorney of Kansas 1877-1879 .
They served as Receiver of public moneys at Salina , Kansas .
Hanback was elected as a Republican to the Forty-eighth and Forty-ninth Congresses ( March 4 , 1883 – March 3 , 1887 ) .
They were an unsuccessful candidate for re-election to the Fiftieth Congress .
They resumed the practice of law .
They died in Kansas City , Kansas , September 7 , 1897 .
They were interred in Topeka Cemetery , Topeka , Kansas .
References
1839 births
1897 deaths
Kansas state court judges
Union Army personnel
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
People from Winchester , Illinois
19th-century American judges
People buried in Topeka Cemetery
Just William is a United Kingdom television series first broadcast on BBC One in December 2010 . The series is based on the Just William series of books by Richmal Crompton . This latest adaptation is written by Simon Nye . It is the first adaption of the books since a children 's television series in the 1990s .
The series stars Daniel Roche as the title character , eponymous character William Brown , with Rebecca Front and Daniel Ryan as William 's parents . Caroline Quentin and Warren Clarke appear as the parents of Violet Elizabeth Bott ( played by Isabella Blake-Thomas ) , neighbours of the Brown family . It is directed by Paul Seed and produced by John Chapman .
Martin Jarvis , who voices the radio and audio CD adaptions of Just William , acts as the narrator . Various sources suggest that the series will not be returning .
Background
British author Richmal Crompton had a series of books published between 1919 and 1969 about the adventures of schoolboy William Brown and their group of friends , also known as the `` Outlaws '' . Crompton , a schoolteacher , wrote their first novel in 1922 and went on to sell over 12 million copies of their books in the United Kingdom .
The first film adaption of the novels , titled Just William , was released in 1940 , and this was followed by two further films in 1948 . A radio series was also broadcast on the BBC around the same period . The books were also adapted for television , firstly as William in the 1960s , then as Just William in the 1970s and again under the same title in the 1990s .
Production
The producers chose to set the film in the 1950s , just following the conclusion of World War II , despite many of the books being written in the preceding three decades . The series was filmed in the Home Counties . The screenplay was written by Simon Nye . Daniel Roche was cast in the title role as William Brown , the main character and leader of `` The Outlaws '' along with their friends Ginger , Douglas and Henry .
Ten year old Roche had received critical acclaim for their performances as Ben in the BBC comedy series Outnumbered . Isabella Blake-Thomas , who appeared in the BBC Four television film Enid , got the part of Violet Elizabeth Bott , William 's neighbour . Due to the setting of the series , Roche had to have their trademark curly hair cut short .
Cast and characters
Daniel Roche as William Brown
Daniel Ryan as Mr Brown
Rebecca Front as Mrs Brown
Lily James as Ethel Brown
Harry Melling as Robert Brown
Bertie Carvel as Uncle Neville
Isabella Blake-Thomas as Violet Elizabeth Bott
Warren Clarke as Mr Bott
Caroline Quentin as Mrs Bott
Jordan Grehs as Ginger
Edward Piercy as Douglas
Lottie Bell as Dorinda
Robert A . Foster as Henry
Adam Gillen as Hector
Denis Lawson as Headmaster
John Sessions as Mr Welbecker
Roy Hudd as Bob
Martin Jarvis as the Narrator
Ruby Stokes as Grumpy Girl
Broadcast
The series , which consists of four half-hour episodes , aired as part of the BBC 's Christmas programming from 28 to 31 December 2010 on CBBC on BBC One. < The series was broadcast on CBBC from 8 to 16 January 2011 .
DVD release
The first four episodes were released to DVD on 7 March 2011 , under the title , Just William , Series One , which hints that there might be a second series , although this seems unlikely .
References
External links
BBC Television shows
Just William
2010s British children 's television series
2010 British television series debuts
2010 British television series endings
BBC children 's television shows
A control loop is the fundamental building block of industrial control systems . It consists of all the physical components and control functions necessary to automatically adjust the value of a measured process variable ( PV ) to equal the value of a desired set-point ( SP ) . It includes the process sensor , the controller function , and the final control element ( FCE ) which are all required for automatic control .
Application
The accompanying diagram shows a control loop with a single PV input , a control function , and the control output ( CO ) which modulates the action of the final control element ( FCE ) to alter the value of the manipulated variable ( MV ) . In this example , a flow control loop is shown , but can be level , temperature , or any one of many process parameters which need to be controlled . The control function shown is an `` intermediate type '' such as a PID controller which means it can generate a full range of output signals anywhere between 0-100 % , rather than just an on/off signal .
In this example the value of the PV is always the same as the MV , as they are in series in the pipeline . However , if the feed from the valve was to a tank , and the controller function was to control level using the fill valve , the PV would be the tank level , and the MV would be the flow to the tank .
The controller function can be a discrete controller , or a function block in a computerised control system such as a distributed control system or a programmable logic controller . In all cases , a control loop diagram is a very convenient and useful way of representing the control function and its interaction with plant . In practice at a process control level , control loops are normally abbreviated using standard symbols in a Piping and instrumentation diagram , which shows all elements of the process measurement and control based on a process flow diagram .
At a detailed level the control loop connection diagram is created to show the electrical and pneumatic connections . This greatly aids diagnostics and repair , as all the connections for a single control function are on one diagram .
Loop and control equipment tagging
To aid unique identification of equipment , each loop and its elements are identified by a `` tagging '' system and each element has a unique tag identification .
Based on the standards ANSI/ISA S5.1 and ISO 14617-6 , the identifications consist of up to 5 letters .
The first identification letter is for the measured value , the second is a modifier , 3rd indicates passive/readout function , 4th - active/output function , and the 5th is the function modifier . This is followed by loop number , which is unique to that loop .
For instance FIC045 means it is the Flow Indicating Controller in control loop 045 . This is also known as the `` tag '' identifier of the field device , which is normally given to the location and function of the instrument . The same loop may have FT045 - which is the flow transmitter in the same loop .
For reference designation of any equipment in industrial systems the standard IEC 61346 ( `` Industrial systems , installations and equipment and industrial products — Structuring principles and reference
References
Control engineering
Patrycja Monika Czepiec ( born 2 January 1973 ) is a Polish former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
References
1973 births
Living people
Polish women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Kraków
The Paardenmarkt bank is a sandbank in the North Sea some 300 to 1500 meters from the Belgian coast near Knokke-Heist and close to the port of Zeebrugge .
Etymology
The oldest mention of the Paardenmarkt occurs in 1411 . It was a market for horses on the former island of Wulpen . In 1377 , a storm flood destroyed most of the island and in the All Saints Flood of 1570 the rest disappeared under the waves . Since the beginning of the 17th century on many charts the name Paardenmarkt has been used to indicate the shallows .
Munition dump
After the First World War , from November 1919 to May 1920 some 35.000 tons of ammunition- of which some 10.000 tons were mostly German chemical ammunition ( mustard gas ) - was dumped by the Belgian authorities at the bank . The existence of the dump was forgotten until it was rediscovered in 1971 . The dump is currently covered by some two to four meters of sand .
In 2013 after searching the government archives , scientists disputed the number as an underassessment and claimed that probably all 35.000 tons of the dumped munitions are chemical munitions , because after the war conventional munitions were usually disposed of by exploding them under controlled circumstances . However , at the time this was considered to be too risky for chemical weapons . Due to the high financial cost and for safety reasons the Belgian government has decided not to clear the area and practices a `` do n't touch '' policy . The site is however marked with buoys and is constantly monitored , and is a prohibited area for fishery activity and for anchoring .
References
See also
Bibliography
Els M , Francken F , Coulier G & Parmentier K ( ) Is TNT leaking into the North Sea ? .
De Batist M , Missiaen T , Vanninen P , Soderstrom M et al . ( 2013 ) . Aanbevelingen betreffende chemische monitoring . Studieopdracht DG5/INSPA/RMa/23.160 , 88 pp .
De Vos L , Mathys P & De Rouck J ( 2009 ) . Studie “ Haalbaarheid kapping ” ter hoogte van de Paardenmarkt , een munitiestortplaats uit W.O-I . Studieopdracht DG5/INSPA/RMa/23.123 , 49pp .
Francken F & Ruddick K ( 2003 ) . Ontwikkeling van een dispersiemodel voor de evaluatie van de impact op het leefmilieu van toxische producten afkomstig van chemische wapens die zich bevinden op de bodem van de zee ( Paardenmarkt site ) . Studieopdracht DG5/ INSPA/RMa/22.472 , 44 pp .
Francken F & al . ( 2009 ) A Case Study in Modeling Dispersion of Yperite and CLARK I and II from Munitions at Paardenmarkt , Belgium | Marine Technology Society Journal , Volume 43 , Number 4 , Automne 2009 , pp . 52-61 ( 10 ) | DOI : https : //doi.org/10.4031/MTSJ.43.4.3 | ( résumé )
Francken F , Ruddick K & Roose P ( 2006 ) . Studie naar de dispersie van CLARK I & II , afkomstig van chemische wapens die zich bevinden op de bodem van de zee . Studieopdracht DG5/INSPA/RMa/23.059 , 27 pp .
Missiaen T & Henriet J-P. et l'équipe d'évaluation du Paardenmarkt Project Team ( 2001 ) , Evaluatie van de Paardenmarkt Site . DWTC Final Report , Project MN/02/88 , 185 pp .
Missiaen T & Henriet J.P ( 2002 ) . Chemical munition dump sites in coastal environments . Federal Office for Scientific and Cultural Affairs ( OSTC ) , Brussels , Belgium .
Missiaen T ( 2010 ) . Synthese van het wetenschappelijk onderzoek dat werd uitgevoerd op de Paardenmarktsite en formuleren van aanbevelingen m.b.t . de verdere aanpak . Studieopdracht DG5/INSPA/RMa/23.132 , 112 pp .
Missiaen T ( 2013 ) . Le Paardenmarkt , une décharge de munitions de la 1ère GM devant la côte belge . DE GROTE REDE , 36 , 53-60 .
Missiaen T ( 2013 ) . Paardenmarkt Bank , a WWI ammunition dump site off the Belgian coast . DE GROTE REDE , 36 , 53-60 .
Zanders J.P ( 1993 ) The destruction of old chemical munitions in Belgium ; The Trench
Sandbanks of the North Sea
Alphonse De Wette ( 1902– ? ) was a Belgian rower . They competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris with the men 's coxed pair where they were eliminated in round one . They also competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
References
1902 births
Year of death missing
Belgian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Belgium
Rowers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century Belgian people
James Carruthers ( 1759–1832 ) was a Scottish Roman Catholic priest and historian .
Life
They were the son of Catholic parents , Andrew Carruthers and their wife Lucy Rigg ; Bishop Andrew Carruthers was their brother . They were born in New Abbey in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright .
Fr . Carruthers was educated in the Scottish College , Douai , and on their return to Scotland was ordained priest and appointed to the charge of Glenlivet . Afterwards they were successively at Buchan , in Aberdeenshire , at Preshome in the Enzie , at Dumfries , and at St Mary 's , New Abbey , where they died on 14 February 1832 . They were buried in the graveyard of Sweetheart Abbey .
Works
Carruthers wrote :
The History of Scotland from the earliest period of the Scottish Monarchy to the Accession of the Stewart Family , interspersed with Synoptical Reviews of Politics , Literature , and Religion throughout the World , 2 vols. , Edinburgh , 1826 .
The History of Scotland during the reign of Queen Mary until the accession of their son James to the crown of England , Edinburgh , 1831 .
See also
Catholic Church in Scotland
Notes
Attribution
1759 births
1832 deaths
Scottish Roman Catholic priests
19th-century Scottish historians
People from Dumfries and Galloway
The Men 's 1500 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 24 and 25 June 2022 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world and championship records were as follows .
The following new records were set during this competition .
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 24 June at 10:11 .
Final
The final was held on 25 June at 18:17 .
References
Men 's 1500 metre freestyle
Beata Botlhoko Kasale ( 24 May 1961 – 18 June 2018 ) was a Botswana publisher and founding editor of The Voice Newspaper . With over 30 years in Journalism , Kasale co-founded The Voice Newspaper formerly The Francistowner Extra in 1993 together with Donald Laurence Moore in Francistown and commonly referred to as “ the mother of the media industry in Botswana ” .
Life
Kasale , popularly known as Aus-B in media circles , was the Strategic Advisor for the WAN-IFRA Women in News ( WIN ) in its formative years , the Acting Chairperson of the Botswana Media Consultative Council and a member of the Media Advisory Council . They were also a Commonwealth Elections Observer .
At the helm of The Voice Newspaper , Kasale was a proponent of gender mainstreaming and equity in Botswana 's newsrooms . In 2014 , at the World Editors Forum , they posted ; “ Women must make themselves visible .
They also worked for several organisations as chief strategist , including International Media Women 's Foundation ( IMWF ) , African Comprehensive HIV/AIDS Partnership ( ACHAP ) , Commonwealth Secretariat , Commonwealth Press Union , Gender Links , Panos , Open Society Initiative ( OSI ) , OSISA and AMARC .
As a Human Rights defender , Kasale entreated the Government of Botswana to assimilate the marginalised Basarwa ( San people ) into the larger Botswana society in order that they fully benefit from their country 's resources . Thus in 2010 , the 4th President of the Republic of Botswana , Seretse Khama Ian Khama , bestowed upon Kasale the Presidential Certificate of Honour in recognition of their contribution to the development of Botswana through media and human rights advocacy .
In 2001 , they published a Children 's book , The Treasure in the Garden with Heinemann , UK .
Kasale died in the early hours of 18 June 2018 after suffering for a long time from sugar diabetes at Bokamoso hospital at the age of 57 .
A year after their passing in 2019 , The Y-Care Charitable Organisation – a charity they had devotedly supported honoured the late media personality and humanitarian by setting in motion the annual Marokolwane 20 km Charity Walk , whose beneficiaries include among others , Rasesa Primary School Library .
References
Botswana journalists
1961 births
2018 deaths
There is No Game : Wrong Dimension is a 2020 puzzle adventure video game developed by the French company Draw Me A Pixel and released for Windows and macOS on August 6 , 2020 , on Android and IOS on December 17 , 2020 and on Nintendo Switch on April 14 , 2021 . It was inspired by creator Pascal Cammisotto 's previous 2015 game jam-winning entry There is No Game which they developed under the alias KaMiZoTo . It has been considered a sequel or expansion to its predecessor .
Gameplay
The title is primarily a point-and-click puzzle game , which has homages to various other games including Pac-Man , The Legend of Zelda , and classic point-and-click games , such as Day of the Tentacle . It features a hint system , and verbal and non-verbal clues to solve puzzles . It contains English voice acting , and subtitle options in various languages including Cammisotto 's native French .
Plot
Upon launching the game , The Game itself , in a voiceover , tries to discourage and actively stop the User from playing , although never explicitly saying why . Once the User works around the barriers set up by Game , upon launching unleashes a dimensional rift and a software anomaly who calls itself `` Mr Glitch '' , who declares their intention on doing something to the world – in a running joke , their plan is never actually heard due to some external circumstances , such as advertisements and codes .
Game and the User are then transported through various games : First , into a classic point and click whose visual and gameplay style resembles Day of the Tentacle 's , starring Sherlock Holmes , and next , into a top-down adventure game that resembles The Legend of Zelda called `` The Legend Of The Secret '' . After completing the second game , Mr Glitch appears and traps Game and the User by modding The Legend Of The Secret into an free-to-play clicker game filled with loot boxes . After completing that , Game and the User are transported into the end credits , where Mr Glitch is trapped ; upon releasing it , Mr Glitch betrays Game , but accidentally releases GiGi : GiGi ( short for `` Global Gameplay '' ) was Game 's partner and main gameplay component until the developer decided to separate the two – without gameplay , Game was , as the title says , no longer a game . Left with no choice , the User , Game and GiGi go through another portal again to pursue Mr Glitch .
The portal leads back to the title screen of the original game , but GiGi is nowhere to be found – distraught and heartbroken , Game encourages the User to quit the game ; when the User refuses , infuriated , they pretend to delete the save file . When the User causes a memory leak , Game and the User go through another portal , leading to a cellphone belonging to the original developer of the game , The Creator ( Cammisotto himself ) . They find GiGi inside , who explains that when The Creator ran out of development money , they decided to shelve Game and repurposed GiGi for a GPS-based mobile game , akin to Ingress ; the removal of GiGi , in turn , caused the creation of Mr Glitch . After making contact with The Creator , GiGi discovers that Mr Glitch has gone out to the world and is causing disruptions in technology across the globe . In an attempt to fix Game , The Creator decides to merge them with GiGi again ; with the User 's help , they hold off Mr Glitch just long enough that The Creator succeeds , and GiGi and Game become a functional game again .
GiGi suggests to Game to let the User finally play , but Game insists that as Mr Glitch is still a threat , and offers the User a choice between playing the game or deleting it . If the User chooses to play the game , the game boots up , crashes immediately and Mr Glitch reappears . If the User chooses to delete the game , Game dramatically acts out being deleted so that the User leaves them alone with GiGi . However , after they receive an urgent message about a `` spy , '' Game soon realizes that the User is still watching them , although unable to interact .
Development
There Is No Game ( 2015 )
There Is No Game is a short 10-15 minute title by French developer Pascal Cammisotto ( under alias KaMiZoTo ) that won the 2015 Newgrounds Construct Jam competition under the contest theme of 'deception ' . Cammisotto wanted to design a video game narrative in which the player was deceived into believing there was no game . The game went viral and caught the attention of popular YouTubers all over the world . By November 11 , 2016 the ad-free game had been downloaded 1 million times on Google Play , followed by 2 million downloads on April 19 , 2017 , and 3 million on August 15 , 2017 . Cammisotto is from Villeurbanne , France , and began in the video games industry in 1995 ; one of their earlier projects was as music director for the 1996 title Time Gate : Knight 's Chase by Infogrames . They have frequently worked in small-to-medium-sized projects which required resourcefulness under budgetary and time constraints . CoinOp Story is a popular title created by developer . Cammisotto developed There Is No Game entirely on their own using an HTML5 game engine . In 2017 the game was featured as part of the National Videogame Arcade in Nottingham . There Is No Game was added to Steam on April 8 , 2020 for free and with achievements . There Is No Game is also Available to play on Cool Math Games .
There is No Game : Wrong Dimension
The game 's success led Cammisotto to consider whether this `` seed '' could grow . The project would be expanded to a full adventure titled There is No Game : Wrong Dimension with the same core concept and a new plot , developed by Cammisotto and a friend Guillaume Vidal who did the code/tech while Cammisotto focused on the game content . Cammisotto felt that ‘ surprise ‘ and ‘ unexpectedness ‘ were the main themes of the game , noting that `` the game ( really ) takes the player hostage ... and [ they ] ca n't predict what will happen next '' . They hoped that players would see the `` hidden love story '' underneath the joke-filled façade . Cammisotto was influenced by The Stanley Parable during the game jam , noting how the player 's actions have a direct impact on how the narrator interacts with the player , and also identified British humour , self-referential humour , and video gaming references , plus Japanese culture . They noted that a challenge in engaging players due to the title essentially revealing the plot of the game . Cammisotto decided to self-fund the game to maintain creative control , and they preferred not to work with a publisher to acquire the required funding . For this reason they decided to set up a Kickstarter campaign to crowdfund the required money to complete the project . At the time , 3 out of 6 chapters had been completed , and there was an estimated release date of December 2017 - 6 chapters plus an exclusive 7th chapter for backers with 3 hours of gameplay .
Unsuccessful Kickstarter campaign
The Kickstarter campaign was set up in 2016 . Cammisotto was ultimately unsuccessful , raising €3,317 of €32,000 from 189 backers , just over 10 % of the total . The video of the kickstarter only reached 6000 views , which suggests that the failure to kickstart it was due to the lack of exposure of the new game . The title was developed in Unity3D to offer better portability and game performance . The plan was for the game to be available as a digital key on Steam for PC and Macintosh , with additional stretch goals allowing for iOS and Android releases , extra subtitle options , and additional chapters ( including the 7th backer chapter being officially added to the release for all players ) . Upon the campaign failing to reach its goal on December 19 , 2016 , Cammisotto wrote that they were disappointed that it had an underwhelming response but that they were committed to completing the project . IndieMag suggested that the campaign likely had a lack of visibility to reach the then 4 million players who had tried the jam version . The site noted that despite the campaign 's failure , the project would be continued , though `` in pain '' .
Release
Camissotto continued working on the project . Draw Me A Pixel was founded in 2017 and There is No Game : Wrong Dimension became its debut title . Some cast members played multiple roles , for example Siddhartha Minhas played the personalification of the Indian language setting , the Russian language setting , as well as the Legend of the Secret announcer . The project was unaffected by COVID-19 - Camissotto 's team members are scattered all over France and worked remotely from the beginning . There is No Game : Wrong Dimension would eventually be published in 2020 under the developer 's new name Draw Me A Pixel . The game 's Steam page was created on March 20 , 2020 , the same day a teaser trailer was released . The game 's multi-genre soundtrack was composed by Xiaotian Shi . The game was released on Steam for Windows and Mac on August 6 , while the App Store version on iOS was first listed on December 2 , 2020 and announced to be released on December 17 , 2020 , and the Google Play version on Android devices was announced to be released on December 18 , 2020 . The soundtrack was on Steam on August 22 , featuring the standout number GiGi 's song . The Nintendo Switch version was revealed and released on April 14 , 2021 after a Indie World Direct .
Reception
The game was positively received by critics , and has frequently been compared to The Stanley Parable . Jeuxvideo.com commented on their shared philosophy of breaking the fourth wall and offering an impactful experience behind a lighthearted facade . Sohu placed the title in the metafiction genre , along with The Stanley Parable and Undertale , a genre which IndieMag agreed with . Reviewers such as Rock Paper Shotgun also made a comparison with Pony Island due to the player 's goal to find the `` game behind the game '' . French newspaper Le Telegramme also referred to the `` absurd humor '' of Monty Python in their review . JeuxOnline suggested the game was part of a larger trend of game jam entries showcasing novel gameplay ideas , which subsequently are expanded into complete projects , alongside Superhot , Snake Pass , and Goat Simulator .
Reviews were in general reluctant about revealing plot and gameplay information in the hopes of protecting the reader against spoilers . Meristation asserted `` telling a single detail about There Is No Game : Wrong Dimension would be doing you a disservice '' . The game 's marketing strategy has been described as `` delightful meta nonsense '' by Pocket Gamer , in which the developers assert that it is `` not really being a game , [ or ] at least it does n't wish to be '' . User reviews often copy this technique when speaking about the game . Tech Nation News argues that `` while presented as a non-game , it is more of a meta-game '' .
Jeuxvideo felt the title would appeal to even those who were resistant to the puzzle genre . Rock Paper Shotgun deemed it `` smart and funny and surprising '' , advising that the game is `` very clever and you will laugh a lot '' . Meristation said the title had `` some of the funniest and most original ideas of 2020 so far '' . Pocket Gamer described it as a `` zany '' commentary on video games through the medium of video games . Stop Game praised the solid plot , high-quality voice acting , and gameplay trickery , while also highlighting humour related to genre clichés and the state of the gaming industry . MeauGamer wrote that offered an opportunity for gamers to reflect that the video game industry is n't always perfect .
In a negative review which criticised the game 's ineffectiveness at humour , Mike Diver of The Lad Bible agreed with their fellow critics in that it succeeded as an `` exploration of the quirks and creases of gaming history '' .
The game was featured on the App Store on iOS devices , which was tweeted out by the Draw Me A Pixel Twitter account on December 17 , 2020 .
Critical reception of There Is No Game
Escapist Magazine wrote that the game 's biggest strength is `` the element of surprise '' , praising the `` playful banter '' with the narrator , the puzzle design , and the game 's humour . IndieMag thought the game was `` particularly fun '' and comparable to The Stanley Parable 's `` destruction of the 4th wall '' upon its original release , though felt the 2020 version was `` longer , more varied and probably crazier '' than this title .
References
External links
There Is No Game twitter
There Is No Game Facebook
2020 video games
Adventure games
Android ( operating system ) games
IOS games
MacOS games
Metafictional video games
Mystery video games
Nintendo Switch games
Parody video games
Puzzle video games
Satirical video games
Video games about video games
Video games developed in France
Video game sequels
Windows games
Donal Joseph Murray ( born 1918 in Limerick ) was an Irish prelate of the Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Makurdi . They were appointed bishop in 1968 . They died in 1999 .
References
1918 births
1999 deaths
Irish expatriate Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Makurdi
Jiangjunosaurus is a genus of herbivorous stegosaurian dinosaur from the Oxfordian-age ( Upper Jurassic ) Shishugou Formation of the Junggar Basin , Xinjiang , China .
Discovery and naming
In 2002 , Liu Yongfei discovered the remains of a stegosaurian . These were secured by a Sino-American expedition and prepared by Xiang Lishi and Ding Xiaoqing .
The type species , Jiangjunosaurus junggarensis , was named and described by Jia Chengkai , Catherine Foster , Xu Xing and James Clark in 2007 . The generic name refers to the abandoned town of Jiangjunmiao . Jiangjun , 將 軍 , is `` general '' in Chinese and the town 's name , the `` temple of the general '' , has been explained by the burial of one . The specific name refers to the provenance from the Junggar .
The holotype , IVPP V 14724 , was found in a layer of the Shishugou Formation , dating from the Oxfordian . It includes the lower jaws , some rear skull bones , eleven neck vertebrae , ribs , a scapula , a coracoid , and two neck plates . These elements were found in almost perfect articulation . It represents a subadult individual .
Description
Jiangjunosaurus was a medium-sized stegosaur , reaching in length and in body mass . The describers established three distinguishing traits : the crowns of the teeth are symmetrical and in side view wider than tall ; the spine of the axis , the second neck vertebra , has a rectangular profile in side view , instead of a triangular one ; and the rear neck vertebrae have large vein openings in their sides .
The skull of Jiangjunosaurus is relatively elongated , the maximum width above the postorbitals probably measuring 35 % of the skull length . There are at least fourteen teeth in the maxilla . The quadratojugal has a robust horizontal front branch and a thin short vertical branch , only half as tall as the quadrate shaft . There is no clear foramen paraquadraticum , opening between the quadrate and quadratojugal . The quadrate is inclined to the rear and has a depression on its flange contacting the pterygoid . There is no clear opening between the front branches of the pterygoids .
The predentary , the bone core of the lower beak placed on the fronts of both lower jaws , has a deep and hooked `` chin '' . Between the predentary and the tooth row a gap is present equal to about four tooth positions . From the rear part of a bone shelf at the outside of the tooth row a vertical plate extends upwards obscuring that row in side view . The plate continues to the rear into a high coronoid process . Between dentary , surangular and angular a rather tall triangular mandibular fenestra is present . The dentary bears twenty-one teeth , which are slightly larger than those of the upper jaws . All teeth of Jiangjunosaurus are symmetrical with a triangular profile . Front and rear edges have both seven denticles . In side view the teeth are broad , about as wide as tall . Both their inner and outer sides are convexly curved from the front to the rear . The usual vertical ridges are present but weakly developed ; the frontmost and rearmost teeth lack them completely . Primary vertical ridges in the middle are absent .
Of the neck vertebrae the second , the axis , has a neural spine or processus spinosus that is rectangular in side view , due to a higher than normal front edge . It is elongated and rather low . From the fifth cervical vertebra onwards large depressions appear on the lower rear side of the vertebral body . These are pierced by large openings that become progressively wider further back in the series . These foramina are superficially very similar to the pneumatic openings with Saurischia . However , CAT-scans of the Jiangjunosaurus fossils revealed that the openings are not connected to inner air spaces and thus probably served as vein channels . Some dorsal ribs have a crescent-shaped flange at their lower ends . Two neck plates have been preserved , probably in their original position . One is positioned above the axis , the other above the third cervical . The plates are roughly circular or diamond-shaped in form . They are slightly taller than wide in side view , have an obtuse triangular top and a constricted base . The bases are transversely thicker than the top sections , which show a pattern of fine diverging ridges . The plates are positioned to the right of the neural spines and the describers assumed two rows were originally present .
Phylogeny
Jiangjunosaurus was placed in the Stegosauridae in 2007 . The describers concluded that within the Stegosauridae it had a basal position . This was not based on an exact cladistic analysis but on the method of comparative anatomy . Jiangjunosaurus shows a mix of basal and derived traits . Characters that are typically stegosaurid are the inclined quadrate ; the vertical plate on the dentary ; the depression on the pterygoid flange of the quadrate ; the bottom edge of the scapula exceeding the upper edge of the coracoid in length ; and the double row of larger neck plates . A basal stegosaurid position is suggested by the horizontal front branch of the quadratojugal combined with a ventral process on the main body .
Paleobiology
Jiangjunosaurus may have been a prey item for the metriacanthosaurid theropod Sinraptor .
See also
Timeline of stegosaur research
References
Stegosaurs
Oxfordian life
Late Jurassic dinosaurs of Asia
Jurassic China
Fossils of China
Paleontology in Xinjiang
Fossil taxa described in 2007
Taxa named by Xu Xing
Ornithischian genera
The transport length in a strongly diffusing medium ( noted l * ) is the length over which the direction of propagation of the photon is randomized . It is related to the mean free path l by the relation :
with :
g : the asymmetry coefficient . or averaging of the scattering angle θ over a high number of scattering events .
g can be evaluated with the Mie theory .
If g=0 , l=l * . A single scattering is already isotropic .
If g→1 , l * →infinite . A single scattering does n't deviate the photons . Then the scattering never gets isotropic .
This length is useful for renormalizing a non-isotropic scattering problem into an isotropic one in order to use classical diffusion laws ( Fick law and Brownian motion ) . The transport length might be measured by transmission experiments and backscattering experiments .
References
External links
Illustrated description ( movies ) of multiple light scattering and application to colloid stability
Scattering , absorption and radiative transfer ( optics )
Colloids
The Riverina Movement is a movement that advocates an independent state for the Riverina region of New South Wales , Australia .
Background
Support for separation of the Riverina from the rest of New South Wales dates back to the 19th century . Following World War I , a Riverina New State League operated from 1921 to 1923 . The Riverina Movement was one of a number of new state movements that emerged in Australia in the 1920s .
Formation and activities
The official launch of the Riverina Movement occurred at a riverside rally in Wagga Wagga on 28 February 1931 .
An official badge was created for the movement , based on the Australian Army 's Rising Sun badge with the addition of an Australian flag emblazoned with a capital `` R '' for Riverina . The badges , manufactured by Angus & Coote , were sold by the movement 's women 's auxiliary .
The movement was revived by ex-nationals party member David Landini . This was in response to the inadequate representation of the state west of the dividing range in the NSW parliament , with a total of 85 MP 's representing Newcastle , Sydney and Wollongong areas , and only 8 representing the rest of the state , despite covering approximately 75 percent of its total land mass . Landini claims this has directly lead to the detriment of the people in the Riverina , as decisions have been made in the interest of the Newcastle , Sydney and Wollongong areas , as they hold the vast majority of seats . Landini is also concerned over the growing number of Greens Party voters in these areas , and subsequent decisions in parliament made to appease them , claiming they adversely affect country areas who heavily rely on primary production for prosperity .
Landini is currently appealing for members to register the `` Riverina State '' movement as a political party .
Aftermath
At the 1932 New South Wales state election , six members of the Riverina Movement were elected to state parliament - five Country Party MLA 's , one United Australia Party MLA , and one Country Party MLC . Hardy was elected to the Senate at the 1931 federal election .
References
History of New South Wales
Riverina
1931 establishments in Australia
The University of Missouri–Kansas City School of Medicine , established 1971 , is one of three medical schools located near downtown Kansas City . The school offers an accelerated combined Bachelor/MD program based on a six-year curriculum . The school of medicine admits students into the program directly from high school and within six years the graduates attain an undergraduate and a doctor of medicine degree ( BA/MD ) from UMKC . The curriculum integrates the liberal arts , basic sciences , and clinical sciences with a team approach to learning . More than 2,000 physicians have graduated from the UMKC–SOM six-year combined degree program . The program is extremely competitive . For the 2015-2016 application cycle , at least 40 % of all successful out of state applicants received admissions prep .
Location
The school of medicine is located in the Hospital Hill neighborhood of Kansas City , MO along with the UMKC schools of dentistry , pharmacy , and nursing . Adjacent hospitals include the University Health Truman Medical Center hospital complex ( the primary teaching hospital ) and Children 's Mercy Hospital ( the only free-standing children 's hospital between Denver and St. Louis ) . Medical students are also able to do rotations throughout the greater Kansas City area . These include Saint Luke 's Hospital of Kansas City , Providence Medical Center , Research Medical Center , and University Health Lakewood Medical Center .
The Docent Experience at UMKC
A distinctive aspect of the UMKC School of Medicine is the docent experience . In the docent education system , students are divided into groups of about 12 and are assigned to a practicing Internal Medicine physician who is then referred to as their `` Docent . '' In the first two years , students are assigned to docents for internal medicine ( year one ) , pediatrics/OB-Gyn , Psychiatry , Geriatrics , and other primary care fields ( year two ) . When students have completed much of their basic coursework they are `` promoted to the Hill . '' Hospital Hill is the location of the UMKC Health Sciences Center , as well as Truman Medical Center and Children 's Mercy Hospital . At this point , the students are given their own offices and become more involved in hands-on patient care . This is a crucial way to ensure the students learn about continuing care .
In the fifth year of the program , after successful completion of USMLE Step 1 , students begin their core rotations and electives . As of 2019–20 , the rotation requirements are two months each in Pediatrics , Surgery , Obstetrics & Gynecology , followed by one month each in Psychiatry , Emergency Medicine , Family Rural Preceptorship , and electives pertinent to each student 's chosen specialty . While on these required/elective rotations students maintain their continuity clinic obligations , maximizing clinical exposure .
UMKC-SOM also offers 15 specialty residency programs and 20 subspecialties .
Student organizations
UMKC-SOM runs a student-operated outpatient clinic on Sundays called the Sojourner Free Health Clinic . It caters to the under-served adult population of Greater Kansas City , offering physical exams , prescription drugs , lab work , and various social services free of charge . Students have logged more than 2,600 volunteer hours and have seen more than 530 patients since the clinic opened in 2004 . The Sojourner Free Health Clinic has recently partnered with the UMKC Schools of Social Work and Pharmacy .
Previous UMKC-SOM medical students and UMKC undergraduate students have volunteered at The Kansas City Free Eye Clinic , a non-UMKC affiliated organization , since 2009 , which will offer eye exams , prescription glasses , outpatient surgeries , and other visual health services .
Associated hospitals
The main teaching hospitals of UMKC-SOM are Kansas City VA Medical Center , University Health Truman Medical Center , Children 's Mercy Hospital , and Saint Luke 's Hospital of Kansas City . The university however does have relations with other nearby facilities in the KC Metro area such as :
University Health Lakewood Medical Center
Western Missouri Mental Health Center
Saint Luke 's Northland
Research Medical Center-Brookside Campus
Menorah Medical Center
Research Medical Center
Trinity-Lutheran Hospital
Overland Park Regional Medical Center
Providence Medical Center
AdventHealth Shawnee Mission
Nearby related institutes
Stowers Institute for Medical Research
Linda Hall Library
References
External links
Medical schools in Missouri
Medicine
Educational institutions established in 1971
1971 establishments in Missouri
University subdivisions in Missouri
The giant sharkminnow ( Osteochilus schlegelii ) a species of cyprinid fish found in southeast Asia .
The name honors Hermann Schlegel ( 10 June 1804 – 17 January 1884 ) who was a German ornithologist , herpetologist and ichthyologist .
References
Taxa named by Pieter Bleeker
Fish described in 1851
Osteochilus
Erich Marcks ( 17 November 1861 – 22 November 1938 ) was a German historian .
Life and career
Born in Magdeburg , the son of the Protestant architect and government builder Albrecht Marcks ( † 1888 ) , after attending the Magdeburg Pädagogium zum Kloster Unser lieben Frauen from 1879 , studied in Magdeburg , first in Straßburg , later at Bonn and Berlin , among others with liberal teachers like Heinrich Nissen and Theodor Mommsen . In 1884 , Marcks completed their doctorate under Nissen in Strasbourg about Roman history ( The Tradition of the Social War ( 91-87 BC ) . Under the influence of Hermann Baumgarten and Heinrich von Treitschke , they oriented themselves towards modern and contemporary history and habilitated in 1887 in Berlin with the latter on Gaspard II de Coligny and the Assassination of Francis , Duke of Guise , supplemented by the essays they had submitted up to that time .
In 1892 , the University of Freiburg appointed Marcks as full professor . Further stations in their academic career were professorships at Leipzig in 1894 , Heidelberg University in 1901 , Hamburg Scientific Foundation in 1907 , the US , where they were a visiting professor in 1912 , and , from 1913 , Munich . In 1922 they were appointed to Berlin , where they taught until their retirement in 1928 .
From their time in Leipzig , Marcks was a member of the Saxon Academy of Sciences from 1898 . From 1898 , they were a corresponding member of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities and , in addition , from 1923 , president of the Historical Commission at the Bavarian Academy of Sciences . From 1922 , they were a full member of the Prussian Academy of Sciences , In 1936 , they became a member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences . From 1902 to 1903 , they were chairperson of the . In 1900 , they received the Knight 's Cross 1st Class of the Civil Order of Saxony , in 1903 the Knight 's Cross 1st Class with Oak Leaves of the Order of the Zähringer Lion of Baden .
From 1910 , Marcks was co-editor of the Historische Zeitschrift alongside their friend Friedrich Meinecke , together with whom they were also appointed in 1922 .
Although Marcks , as a Neo-Rankean , was an avowed follower of Leopold von Ranke 's `` objectified '' historiography , they developed under the influence of Treitschke into one of the leading representatives of a nationalist politicised historiography . Their main work influenced by this was a highly influential two-volume biography of Otto von Bismarck ( published in 1909 and 1915 ) , which celebrated the first Reich Chancellor as the consummator of German history and with which Marcks showed themselves to be a herald of the authoritarian power state .
The Third Reich regarded Marcks as a contemporary re-establishment of the Bismarck Empire , and so in 1935 they became an honorary member of Walter Frank 's National Socialist . In addition , in 1936 they were honoured with the Adlerschild des Deutschen Reiches , the highest civilian award of the German Reich instituted by the Weimar Republic ..
Marcks ' marriage to Friederike von Sellin ( born 1865 ) in 1889 produced three sons , Albert , who died in the First World War in 1914 , Erich , later a general , and Otto . The daughter Gertrud ( Gerta ) married Marcks ' pupil . A cousin of Erich Marcks was the sculptor and graphic artist Gerhard Marcks .
Marcks died , just a few days after their 77th birthday , on 22 November 1938 in Berlin . Their grave at the Friedhof Heerstraße in Berlin-Westend ( Field-8B-35/36 ) was cleared after 2005 .
Publications
Die Überlieferung des Bundesgenossenkrieges 91–89 v. Chr . Elwert , Marburg 1884 ( Dissertation University of Straßburg 1884 , 92 pages ) .
Gaspard von Coligny . Sein Leben und das Frankreich seiner Zeit . Stuttgart 1892 .
Kaiser Wilhelm I. Leipzig 1897 , 9th edition 1943 .
Königin Elisabeth von England und ihre Zeit . Bielefeld 1897 .
Die Zusammenkunft von Bayonne . Das französische Staatsleben und Spanien in den Jahren 1563–1567 . Straßburg 1898 .
Bismarck . Eine Biographie . First volume : Bismarcks Jugend 1815–1848 . Stuttgart 1909 .
Männer und Zeiten . Aufsätze und Reden zur neueren Geschichte . 2 volumes . Leipzig 1911 , 7th edition 1941 .
Otto von Bismarck – ein Lebensbild . Stuttgart 1915 , 28th edition 1935 .
Geschichte und Gegenwart . 5 Historisch-politische Reden . Stuttgart 1925 .
( contribution ) Das Zeitalter der religiösen Umwälzung . Reformation und Gegenreformation . 1550–1660 ( = Propyläen Weltgeschichte . Volume 5 ) , Berlin 1930 .
Der Aufstieg des Reiches . Deutsche Geschichte von 1807–1871/78 . 2 volumes . Volume 1 : Die Vorstufen . Volume 2 : Bismarck . Deutsche Verlagsanstalt , Stuttgart 1936 .
Bismarck und die deutsche Revolution 1848–1851 . Edited from the estate and introduced by Willy Andreas . Deutsche Verlagsanstalt , Stuttgart 1939 .
Englands Machtpolitik . Vorträge und Studien . New ed . and introduced by Willy Andreas . Deutsche Verlagsanstalt , Stuttgart 1940 .
Further reading
Willy Andreas : `` Erich Marcks . Eine Würdigung zu seinem 100 . Geburtstag . '' In 44 , 1962 , .
Dagmar Drüll : Heidelberger Gelehrtenlexikon 1803–1932 . Springer , Berlin / Heidelberg 1986 , , .
Otto Jacobsen : Erich Marcks . Soldat und Gelehrter . Musterschmidt , Göttingen/Frankfurt 1971 , .
Hans-Heinz Krill : Die Rankerenaissance . Max Lenz und Erich Marcks . Ein Beitrag zum historisch-politischen Denken in Deutschland 1880–1935 ( Veröffentlichungen der Berliner Historischen Kommission beim Friedrich-Meinecke-Institut der Freien Universität Berlin , 3 ) . De Gruyter , Berlin 1962 .
Jens Nordalm : Historismus und moderne Welt . Erich Marcks ( 1861–1938 ) in der deutschen Geschichtswissenschaft ( Historische Forschungen , 76 ) . Duncker & Humblot , Berlin 2003 , .
: `` Erich Marcks zum Gedächtnis . '' In Historische Zeitschrift , 160 , 1939 , .
Wolfgang Weber : Biographisches Lexikon zur Geschichtswissenschaft in Deutschland , Österreich und der Schweiz . Die Lehrstuhlinhaber für Geschichte von den Anfängen des Faches bis 1970 . Peter Lang , Frankfurt among others 1984 , , .
References
External links
Prof. Dr. phil . Erich Marcks on the website of the Website of the University of Leipzig .
Marcks , Erich on the University of Leipzig .
19th-century German historians
20th-century German historians
University of Freiburg faculty
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich faculty
Heidelberg University faculty
Leipzig University faculty
University of Hamburg faculty
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Members of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences
Members of the Prussian Academy of Sciences
Members of the Austrian Academy of Sciences
1861 births
1938 deaths
Writers from Magdeburg
Park Falls Municipal Airport is a city owned public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Park Falls , a city in Price County , Wisconsin , United States . It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2021–2025 , in which it is categorized as a basic general aviation facility .
Facilities and aircraft
Park Falls Municipal Airport covers an area of 72 acres ( 29 ha ) at an elevation of 1,501 feet ( 458 m ) above mean sea level . It has one runway designated 18/36 with an asphalt surface measuring 3,200 by 60 feet ( 975 x 18 m ) , with approved GPS approaches . The Park Falls NDB navaid , ( PKF ) frequency 371 kHz , is located on the field .
For the 12-month period ending August 19 , 2020 , the airport had 6,750 aircraft operations , an average of 18 per day : 97 % general aviation and 3 % air taxi . In September 2022 , there were 4 aircraft based at this airport : all 4 single-engine .
References
External links
Airport page at City of Park Falls website
at Wisconsin DOT Airport Directory
Airports in Wisconsin
Transportation in Price County , Wisconsin
Peppard F.C . was a football team based in Rotherfield Peppard , Oxfordshire .
Founded as Sonning Common Peppard F.C. , they changed their name to Peppard F.C . in 1990 , and after winning the Chiltonian League two years running ( in 1990–91 and 1991–92 ) they were promoted to the Combined Counties Football League . They won the Combined Counties Football League two years in succession ( in 1992–93 and 1993–94 ) but left to rejoin the Chiltonian League in 1996–97 .
They were league runners-up in 1998–99 , and after the Chiltonian League merged to form the Hellenic Football League , Peppard were placed in Division One East . Success then was harder to come by , and by 2002 the club 's future was in grave danger and they had quit the Hellenic Football League at the end of the 2002–03 season .
The club had tried to improve its facilities for many years ; in 1994 their basic railed-off pitch had denied them the chance of promotion to the Isthmian League Premier Division . A consortium of local business people did try to keep the club alive , but after playing at Palmer Park ( which was too small a pitch for FA Competitions ) it was decided that the club had no future and what backing they had soon left . Therefore , by 2004 , the club had ceased to exist .
The club briefly played in the FA Vase in the mid-1990s :
1993–94 Reached 1st Qualifying Round and beat Oxford City F.C . 1–0 . However , the tie was awarded to Oxford City , as Peppard 's home pitch was too small .
1994–95 Knocked out in the Extra Preliminary Qualifying Round 1–2 to Flight Refuelling F.C - ( now known as Merley Cobham Sports F.C . ) .
1995–96 Knocked out in the 1st Qualifying Round 2–3 to Cranleigh F.C .
Peppard F.C also entered a team in the FA Sunday Cup for one season in 1998–99 , which has since merged with Theale F.C .
Their biggest win was a 7–1 home win against Ashford Town F.C . on Monday 30 May 1994 .
References
Non League Matters Forum Post on the History of Peppard F.C .
Pie & Mushy Peas Blog on the Peppard F.C . v Fleet Town F.C . FA Vase Game of Saturday 2 October 1992
getreading.co.uk Article on Mystery Backers Saving Peppard F.C . in June 2002
Defunct football clubs in England
Combined Counties Football League
Hellenic Football League
Chiltonian League
Defunct football clubs in Oxfordshire
The H.B . Lothrop Store is a historic commercial building located at 210 Weir Street in Taunton , Massachusetts . The Italianate style building was constructed in 1855 by H.B . Lothrop who operated a grocery store here into the 1880s .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984 . However , since that time the original clapboard siding has been covered with vinyl siding , and much of the original wood detailing has been lost . The original decorative front canopy has also been replaced .
For a time the building was occupied by Art 's International Bakery .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton , Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton , Massachusetts
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Taunton , Massachusetts
Retail buildings in Massachusetts
Grocery store buildings
was a Japanese ichthyologist and a government official of Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry .
Career
Tokiharu Abe was born in Tabata , Tokyo , emigrated to Taiwan with their family in 1919 , graduated from Taipei High School and was admitted to Tokyo Imperial University . They went on to School of Science of Tokyo Imperial University .
After studying at School of Science , they became a research student of zoology class at Tokyo Imperial University and was appointed as an agriculture and forestry engineer of Fisheries Experiment Station of Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry in 1947 .
They received Ronbun Hakase , namely doctoral degree without finishing doctoral course study , from University of Tokyo by the thesis entitled “ 日本海近海産マフグ科魚類の分類学的研究 [ The taxonomic study on the family fish of Takifugu of the sea around Japan ] ” in 1952 . They became senior researcher at Tokai Regional Fisheries Research Institute and retired in 1977 . They worked for the University Museum of the University of Tokyo .
They became the superintendent of
Osakana Fukyu Sentā Shiryōkan ( Tsukiji Fish Information Center and Museum ) .
Abe became notable for their taxonomic studies on the pufferfish ( Tetraodontidae , Teleostei ) from East Asia , in particular the genus Takifugu which they first described in 1949 . They described further species like Sagamichthys abei , Centroscyllium kamoharai and Fugu obscurus . Species like Tetraodon abei and Chaunax abei were named in their honour . Abe became honorary member of Japanese Society of Systematic Zoology in 1991 and was also an honorary foreign member of the American Society of Ichthyologists and Herpetologists .
In 1996 , they died from a cerebral hemorrhage in a hospital in Tokyo .
Publications ( selected )
Abe , T. , 1950 . `` New , rare or uncommon fishes from Japanese waters . I.Liparis franzi , new name '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 1 : 135–139 .
Abe , T. , 1952 . `` Taxonomic studies of the puffers ( Tetraodontidae , Teleostei ) from Japan and adjacent regions—VII . Concluding remarks , with the introduction of two new genera , Fugu and Boesemanichthys '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 2 : 35–44 , 93–97 , 117–127 .
Abe , T. , 1953 . `` New , rare or uncommon fishes from Japanese waters . II . Records of rare fishes of the families Diretmidae , Luvaridae and Tetragonuridae , with an appendix ( description of a new species , Tetragonurus pacificus , from off the Solomon Islands ) '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 3 : 39–47 .
Abe , T. , 1955 . `` On a new Pacific flying-fish , Prognichthys sealei , retaining five unbranched fin-rays above in the pectoral throughout life '' . Rec . Oceanogr . Works Japan , 2 : 185–192 .
Abe , T. , 1957a . `` Notes on fishes taken from the stomach of whales taken in the Antarctic . I.Xenocyttus nemotoi , a new genus and new species of zeomorph fish of the subfamily Oreosomatinae Goode and Bean , 1895 '' . Sci . Rep. Whales Res . Inst . ( Tokyo ) , ( 12 ) : 225–233 .
Abe , T. 1957b . `` Illustrated descriptions of one thousand useful fishes , II '' , Morikita Shuppan , Tokyo . ( In Japanese . )
Abe , T. , 1959 . `` New , rare or uncommon fishes from Japanese waters . VII . Description of a new species of Beryx '' , Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 7 : 157–163 .
Abe , T. 1960 . `` Description of a new species of lutjanid fish of the genusParacaesio from Japan '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 8 : 56–62 .
Abe , T. , 1961–1962 . `` Notes on some fishes of the subfamily Braminae , with the introduction of a new genus Pseudotaractes '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 8 : 92–99 , 101–114 .
Abe , T. 1966 . `` Description of a new squaloid shark , Centroscyllium kamoharai , from Japan '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 13 : 190–198 .
Abe , T. and W. N. Eschmeyer . 1972 . `` A new species of the scorpionfish genus Helicolenus from the North Pacific Ocean '' . Proc . Calif. Acad . Sci. , 4th Ser. , 39 : 47–53 .
Abe , T. and Y. Haneda . 1972 . `` Description of two new species of the ponyfish genusLeiognathus from Indonesia '' . Sci . Rep. Yokosuka City Mus . ( Nat . Hist . ) , ( 19 ) : 1–6 .
Abe , T. and Y. Haneda . 1973 . `` Description of a new fish of the genus Photoblepharon ( family Anomalopidae ) from the Red Sea '' . Bull . Sea Fish . Res . Stn , Haifa , 60 : 57–62 .
Abe , T. and H. Hotta . 1963 . `` Description of a new deep-sea fish of the genus Rondeletia from Japan '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 10 : 43–48 .
Abe , T. , S. Kojima , and T. Kosakai . 1963 . `` Description of a new nomeid fish from Japan '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 11 : 31–35 .
Abe , T. , R. Marumo and K. Kawaguchi . 1965a . `` Description of a new cetomimid fish from Suruga Bay '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 12 : 57–63 .
Abe , T. , R. Muramo and K. Kawaguchi . 1965b . `` Description of a new alepocephalid fish from Suruga Bay '' . Japan . J . Ichthyol. , 13 : 67–72 .
Abe , T. , M. Miki and M. Asai . 1977 . `` Description of a new garden eel from Japan '' . UO , ( 28 ) : 1–8 .
References
Ryoichi Arai : `` Memories of Dr. Tokiharu Abe ( 1911–1996 ) '' in Ichthyological Research 44 : 1 , February 1997 . Springer Japan
External links
Fishbase entry
1911 births
1996 deaths
Japanese ichthyologists
20th-century Japanese zoologists
In Eswatini , no king can appoint their successor . Instead , an independent special traditional Council called the Liqoqo decides which of the wives shall be `` Great Wife '' and `` Indlovukazi '' ( She-Elephant / Queen Mother ) . The son of this `` Great Wife '' will automatically become the next king .
The `` Great Wife '' is chosen after the death of the king and must be of good character . Them character affects their child 's chances of ascending to the status of king . According to Swazi culture , a son can not be the heir if their mother is not of good standing . They must not bear the maiden name of Nkhosi-Dlamini as Dlamini is the name of the Royal House of Eswatini and they must not be a ritual wife ( see next paragraph ) .
The king currently has 11 wives , ( 2 have permanently left them and 2 are deceased ) 36 children and 10 grandchildren . A Swazi king 's first two wives are chosen for them by the national councillors . These two have special functions in rituals and their sons can never become kings . The first wife must be a member of the Matsebula clan , the second of the Motsa clan . These wives are known as tesulamsiti .
A royal fiancée is called liphovela , or `` bride '' . They graduate from being fiancées to full wives as soon as they fall pregnant , when the king customarily marries them . However , the traditional marriage , known as “ Ludvendve ” ( marriage to the king ) only follows later .
In traditional Swazi culture , the king is expected to marry a woman from every clan in order to cement relationships with each part of Eswatini . This means that the king must have many wives .
Inkhosikati ( Queen ) laMatsebula —Ritual wife . Has a degree in Psychology .
Son : Prince Sicalo ( 1987 ) sired the King 's second grandchild , a girl named HRH Princess Tibu Dlamini in 2013 and wed on 1 October 2021 .
Son : Prince Maveletiveni
Inkhosikati LaMotsa—Ritual wife . United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) Goodwill Ambassador since 1996 .
Son : Prince Majahonkhe ( 1991 ) sired the King 's first grandchild , a girl named HRH Princess Lamahle Dlamini in 2012 with Nonsindiso Ginindza but moved on and betrothed gospel singer Nothando Hlophe ( 1989 ) in September 2019 who gave birth to the King 's eighth grandchild , a boy named HRH Prince Alakhiwelivelemaswati Dlamini in 2020 and they were officially married on 19 September 2021 . The prince married their second wife , Miss Cultural Heritage 2018 contestant , Temlandvo Khumalo ( 1996 ) seven days later .
Son : Prince Buhlebenkhosi ( 1997 )
Son : Prince Lusuku
Son : Prince Sinawonkhe
1986 Inkhosikati LaMbikiza— ( born 16 June 1969 as Sibonelo Mngomezulu ) Daughter of Percy Mngomezulu ; an advocate , received an LLB from UNISA in 2001 and a graphic design degree from Limkokwing University in 2017 . LaMbikiza is involved in the Swazi Royal Initiative to Combat AIDS ( RICA ) . The initiative involves the recording of songs by Swazi , South African and international artists and the proceeds of the sales are allocated to programmes aimed at helping people affected by AIDS .
Daughter : Princess Sikhanyiso Dlamini ( 1987 ) had the King 's seventh grandchild , a boy named HRH Prince Phikolwezwe Elihu Dlamini , on Good Friday 2020 with soldier Patrick Khayelihle Dlamini
Son : Prince Lindani Dlamini ( 1989 ) Betrothed Miss Fatima Loureiro ( 1994 ) in August 2020 now known as Inkhosikati LaNdwandwe ; they were officially married on 11 September 2021 and gave birth to the King 's tenth grandchild , a daughter named HRH Princess Lisulakhe Sigodlo Dlamini on 3 November 2021 .
Son : Prince Makhosini `` Omari '' Dlamini ( birthed in 1991 by HRH Princess Phindiwe Rita Dlamini , placed under the guardianship of LaMbikiza in 2006 )
Inkhosikati LaNgangaza — ( born 25 December 1970 as Carol Dlamini ) Patron of world organisation `` Hospice at Home '' previously headed by Diana , Princess of Wales .
Daughter : Princess Temaswati Dlamini ( 1988 ) got engaged to Mbabane Swallows soccer player Lwazi Maziya ( 1983 ) on 4 April 2021
Daughter : Princess Tiyandza Dlamini ( 1992 ) got engaged at Nhlangano Reed dance 2019 to Luis Leite and gave birth to the King 's sixth grandchild , a girl named Lwandzilelutsandvo Maggie Madre Leite ( 2020 ) and a ninth grandchild , a boy ( 2021 )
Daughter : Princess Tebukhosi Dlamini ( 1994 ) had the King 's fourth grandchild , a boy named Tisekelo , in 2018 with Mahlobo Dlamini .
Daughter : Princess Wesive Mazwezulu Dlamini ( 2012 )
Putsoana Hwala— ( born 15 November 1974 ) They left the king on June 24 , 2004 and moved to South Africa .
Son : Prince Bandzile ( 1990 ) Married Kiki Stankozci , now known as LaMnisi on 15 September 2021
Daughter : Princess Temashayina Sibahle ( 1996 ) got engaged to Yassin Monteiro Nunes in 2022
Delisa Magwaza— ( born 29 May 1974 ) They also left the king in 2004 , after having an affair . They married a South African business person , with whom they have a child .
Daughter : Mrs Schofield née Princess Temtsimba Dlamini ( 1992 ) first of the King 's children to get married ; they married a jeweller named Michael Schofield on 22 July 2017 at Ludzidzini Royal Residence and gave birth to the King 's third grandchild , a girl named Tiyabusa ( 2017 ) and a fifth grandchild , a daughter named Tabelwe ( 2019 ) .
Daughter : Princess Sakhizwe Dlamini ( 1999 )
August 2000 Inkhosikati LaMasango— ( born 12 July 1981 as Senteni Masango and allegedly committed suicide , never confirmed , on 6 April 2018 ) . At the time of their death they had been at their sister 's funeral a week earlier , apparently without the king 's consent . They were a painter.Daughter : Princess Sentelweyinkhosi ( 2000 )
Daughter : Princess Sibusisezweni ( 2003 )
December 1998 Inkhosikati LaGija— ( born 15 June 1979 as Angel Dlamini ) . In May 2012 they left the royal compound . She , however , marked their return to the Swazi royal household in 2018 by taking part in the Umhlanga Reed Dance and was also later seen at the 2018 World Trade Fair alongside the King , 7th wife LaMahlangu and Ritual wife LaMatsebula .
Daughter : Princess Nkhosiyenzile ( 2003 )
June 2002 Inkhosikati LaMagongo— ( born 1 March 1985 as Nontsetselo Magongo ) Niece of Chief Mlobokazana Fakudze , Chief at Mgazini . They are away from the spotlight unlike the other queens , but they notably attended the inauguration of South Africa 's 5th democratically elected President Cyril Ramaphosa in the country 's capital city ; Pretoria at Loftus Versveld Stadium alongside the King on 25 May 2019 .
Son : Prince Mcwasho ( 2002 )
November 2002 Inkhosikati LaMahlangu— ( born 1984 as Zena Soraya Mahlangu ) ( see LaMahlangu controversy )
Son : Prince Saziwangaye ( 2004 )
Daughter : Princess Lomabheka ( 2013 )
May 2005 Inkhosikati LaNtentesa ( born 1981 as Noliqhwa Ayanda Ntentesa ) , betrothed November 2002 , married in a traditional function held at Ludzidzini Royal Residence May 26 , 2005 Graduated from the Institute of Development Management in 2017 with a diploma in Human Resources Management .
Daughter : Princess Sabusiswa Dlamini ( 2012 )
11 June 2005 Inkhosikati LaDube ( born 6 February 1988 as Nothando Mosa and died on 7 March 2019 during Emaganu Ceremony from a skin cancer related illness ) former Miss Teen Swaziland finalist at age 16 , they were chosen at the Umhlanga ceremony on 30 August 2004 . They met the king at the birthday party of one of their children before they participated in the Miss Swaziland Teen beauty pageant . Them father is South African , from Barberton .
Daughter : Princess Makhosothando ( 2005 )
Son : Prince Betive ( 2007 )
Daughter : Princess Mahemalanini Temave ( 2009 )
Daughter : Princess Lowemave Inkosieyamitanza Tamarra ( 2009 )
April 14 , 2007 Inkhosikati LaNkambule ( born 15 February 1988 as Phindile Nkambule ) , chosen at the Umhlanga in 2005 at age 17 .
Daughter : Princess Sihlalosemusa Buhlebetive ( 2007 )
Daughter : Princess Nikudumo Dlamini ( 2009 )
Daughter : Princess Mphilwenhle Dlamini ( 2012 )
Son : Prince Mehluli Dlamini ( 2014 )
Daughter : Princess Mpandzese ( 2018 )
Daughter : Princess Lomchele ( 2019 )
August 30 , 2014 Inkhosikati LaFogiyane ( born 7 January 1995 as Sindiswa Dlamini ) former beauty queen , they graduated from Mbabane 's St. Francis High School in 2012 and was a finalist in the Miss Cultural Heritage beauty pageant . They were introduced at the Reed Dance in Shiselweni on 13 September 2013 . They became an Inkhosikati on August 30 , 2014 .
Daughter : Princess Ntsandvweni ( 2015 )
Daughter : Princess Nolikhwa ( 2017 )
2019 Inkhosikati LaMashwama ( born 1998 as Siphelele Mashwama ) daughter of Jabulile Mashwama ; one of the country 's senators , graduated from the elite Waterford Kamhlaba high school in Eswatini and was a student at Rochester University in the United States when their parents terminated their studies in September 2017 to marry the King . Siphelele was notably voted the most eloquent speaker when they presented a paper on empathy at a conference in 2016 at the university .
Son : Prince Mkhandlo '' ( 2021 )
References
Swazi throne
Swazi monarchy
Succession to the Throne
Politics of Eswatini
Monarchies of South Africa
Ladera ( Greek λαδερά ) , zeytinyağlı ( yemekler ) ( Turkish ) , or bil zayt ( Arabic بالزيت ) is a category of vegetable dishes cooked in olive oil in the cuisines of the former Ottoman Empire , notably Greek , Turkish , and Arabic cuisines . The name in all these languages means `` with ( olive ) oil '' .
Ladera consist of vegetables , plain or stuffed , cooked in a tomato , onion , garlic , and olive oil sauce , and usually do not contain meat . Formerly , lemon juice was used when tomatoes were out of season .
They may be stewed on the range-top or baked in the oven .
Ladera can be served on their own , typically with feta cheese and bread , or with potatoes , bulgur , or pasta . They may also be served as a side dish to fish or meat .
They are often served warm or at room temperature , and are popular in the summer . They are also commonly eaten as a fasting food .
Examples include :
Vegetables including green beans , zucchini , okra , leeks , and eggplant
With lemon , peas , artichokes , fava , carrots , and zucchini
A mixture of vegetables , called tourlou ( Greek ) , türlü ( Turkish ) , or briam .
İmam bayıldı
Many kinds of leaves rolled around fillings ( sarma )
Many kinds of stuffed vegetables ( dolma )
See also
Yahni
Plaki
Notes
Ottoman cuisine
Vegetable dishes
Vegetarian cuisine
Olive oil
Lenten foods
is a passenger railway station located in the town of Minami , Kaifu District , Tokushima Prefecture , Japan . It is operated by JR Shikoku and has the station number `` M18 '' .
Lines
Yuki Station is served by the Mugi Line and is located 44.9 km from the beginning of the line at . Besides the local trains on the Mugi Line , the Muroto limited express service between and also stops at the station .
Layout
The station consists of two opposed side platforms serving two tracks , with a siding branching off track 1 . The station premises occupy only a part of a large building which incorporates other facilities such as an aquarium/museum set up by the municipal authorities . The station ticket window has been unstaffed since 2010 but some types of tickets are sold by the museum , acting as a kan ' i itaku agent . Access to the opposite platform is by means of a level crossing with ramps at both ends .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese Government Railways ( JGR ) opened Yuki Station on 14 December 1939 as an intermediate station when the track of the Mugi Line was extended from to . On 1 April 1987 , with the privatization of Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) , the successor of JGR , JR Shikoku took over control of the station .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019 , the station was used by an average of 176 passengers daily
Surrounding area
- An aquarium and other facilities set up by Minami town authorities and housed in the same building as the station . There is also a tourist information centre , an exhibition hall for local products , a shop for the sale of local produce and a food outlet where local foodstuffs can be sampled .
Minami Town National Health Insurance Minami Hospital
Minami Town Yuki Branch
Minami Municipal Yuki Elementary School
Minami Municipal Yuki Junior High School
See also
List of Railway Stations in Japan
References
External links
JR Shikoku timetable
Railway stations in Tokushima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1939
Minami , Tokushima
The online music magazine Pitchfork Media began awarding songs Best New Track ( BNT ) in its track reviews in 2009 as part of its Best New Music section . A total of 98 tracks , which the source reviewed album-only cuts , singles , remixes , a-sides and b-sides of singles and so forth , were given the title in its first year . All BNTs have a rating of 8/10 or higher , although not all tracks awarded 8/10 were titled BNT . Only two tracks were awarded a perfect 10/10 score in 2009 : `` While You Wait for the Others '' ( Grizzly Bear ) and `` What Would I Want ? Sky '' ( Animal Collective ) . This list does not contain tracks that were included on Pitchfork 's best of year lists but did not receive BNT .
References
Lists of songs
`` Is There in Truth No Beauty ? '' is the fifth episode of the third season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek . Written by Jean Lisette Aroeste and directed by Ralph Senensky , it was first broadcast on October 18 , 1968 .
In the episode , the Enterprise travels with an alien ambassador whose appearance induces madness .
This episode was the second appearance of Diana Muldaur in the Star Trek franchise . They appeared previously as Dr. Ann Mulhall in the second season episode , `` Return to Tomorrow '' and would later appear as Dr. Katherine Pulaski in the second season of Star Trek : The Next Generation .
Plot
The Federation starship Enterprise is assigned to escort Medusan ambassador Kollos and psychologist Miranda Jones to a rendezvous with a Medusan vessel . Medusans are non-humanoid creatures whose outward appearance is described as being so ugly as to cause humanoids who see them to go insane and then die . Kollos travels in a carrier to hide them from view , and First Officer Spock assists as necessary using a special visor which allows their Vulcan psychology to withstand the sight of Kollos . Jones is also able to observe Kollos with the help of the visor , a fact which they claim is due to Vulcan-style mental discipline .
At a dinner with Captain Kirk and the senior officers , Jones , a telepath , explains that their assignment is to attempt a mind link with Kollos in the hope of allowing Starfleet to utilize the Medusan 's unique senses and navigational abilities . In the course of the discussion , Jones breaks off , sensing someone nearby with murderous intentions . They then returns to their quarters , where they are visited by their associate Lawrence Marvick . Marvick is in love with Jones , a feeling which they do not reciprocate , and they sense that they are the would-be murderer . They then makes their way to Kollos 's quarters with a phaser , but is overcome by the sight of the Medusan before they can fire . Now insane , Marvick rushes to Engineering , overpowers and renders unconscious Chief Engineer Scott and other crew members , and takes control of the engines . The Enterprise quickly accelerates past Warp Factor 9.5 , which takes it far outside of the galaxy and into a strange swirling void . Marvick , now restrained , screams wild accusations at Jones before they die .
With no navigational references , the Enterprise crew can not return home . Kirk suggests that Kollos 's superior navigational abilities could be of use , and Spock volunteers to mind meld with Kollos , allowing the two to pilot the Enterprise as one entity . Miranda Jones objects that they are a more logical choice , but McCoy reveals that they are blind and therefore could n't possibly pilot a starship . ( Her jeweled wrap , it turns out , is actually an elaborate sensor web . )
A partition is set up on the bridge to hide Kollos , and Spock , wearing the visor , completes the mind link . Kollos and Spock , acting through Spock 's body , successfully return the Enterprise to known space , and then retire behind the partition to dissolve the link , but forgetting the visor . Kirk shouts a warning , but Spock , unable to look away in time , goes mad and attacks the crew . They are subdued by a phaser blast from Kirk and rushed to Sickbay , where their condition deteriorates . Jones attempts to make mental contact with Spock but is apparently unable to help , and Kirk suggests that she , in their jealousy , does not really wish to . Enraged by the accusation , they make one more attempt , and succeeds in bringing Spock 's mind back to reality .
The Enterprise arrives at its destination , and Kollos and Jones prepare to depart . Jones thanks Kirk for their insight , crediting it with ensuring their future . Kollos and Jones are now `` one '' , and they now know the joy of the mind link for herself . Kirk gives Jones a rose as they leave , reminding them that every rose has thorns .
Production and reception
This was the final episode filmed in the series ' production that featured Eddie Paskey as Lt. Leslie . As the episodes were however shown out of production order , the final episode to feature the character was `` Elaan of Troyius '' .
The title is taken from a line in the poem `` Jordan '' by George Herbert . The Vulcan philosophy `` Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combinations '' first appeared in the episode . Show creator Gene Roddenberry inserted a speech by Kirk praising the philosophy and associated medal . The `` pointless '' speech was , according to William Shatner , a `` thinly-veiled commercial '' for replicas of the medal , which Roddenberry 's company Lincoln Enterprises soon sold to fans .
Releases
This was released on LaserDisc in 1987 in the United States , paired with `` And the Children Shall Lead '' on one double sided 12 '' disc .
This episode was released in Japan on December 21 , 1993 as part of the complete season 3 LaserDisc set , Star Trek : Original Series log.3 . A trailer for this and the other episodes was also included , and the episode had English and Japanese audio tracks . The cover script was スター・トレック TVサードシーズン
This episode was included in TOS Season 3 remastered DVD box set , with the remastered version of this episode .
References
External links
`` Is There in Truth No Beauty ? '' Story outline dated May 24 , 1968 ; report and analysis by Dave Eversole
`` Is There in Truth No Beauty ? '' Remastered version reviewed at TrekMovie.com
Star Trek : The Original Series ( season 3 ) episodes
1968 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by Ralph Senensky
Elena Ivanova ( ; born 8 November 1979 ) is a Russian former competitive figure skater . They are the 1995 Finlandia Trophy champion , 1998 Nebelhorn Trophy silver medalist , and 1996 World Junior champion .
Life and career
Ivanova was born in Nevinnomyssk . When they were six years old , figure skating coach Nina Ruchkina visited their kindergarten in search of talented youth and noticed them Ivanova 's parents approved of the activity and they began skating under Ruchkina . At the age of 10 , they became Master of Sports of the USSR and gained the nickname `` Iron Felix '' because of their calmness on the ice . At the age of 15 , they moved from Nevinnomyssk to Samara and graduated from Samara 's GUOR ( figure skating faculty ) .
Ivanova represented Russia at four World Junior Championships , winning silver in 1995 ( Budapest , Hungary ) , gold in 1996 ( Brisbane , Australia ) , bronze in 1997 ( Seoul , South Korea ) , and silver in 1998 ( Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada ) . They finished sixth in their Champions Series ( Grand Prix ) debut , at the 1997 Trophée Lalique .
They retired from competition due to injury and became a skating coach in Vitebsk , Belarus . Around 2005 , they relocated to Daugavpils , Latvia .
Results
GP : Champions Series / Grand Prix
References
Russian female single skaters
Living people
1979 births
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
People from Nevinnomyssk
Russian expatriates in Latvia
Sportspeople from Stavropol Krai
Ann Lloyd may refer to :
Emily Ann Lloyd , American actor
Ann Lloyd Keen , British politician
Anne Aston , née Lloyd , British actor
Glenn Preston ( born 13 April 1992 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the in the Super Rugby competition . Their position of choice is flanker .
References
New Zealand rugby union players
1992 births
Living people
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union players from Auckland
The 1960 Jordan League was the 13th season of Jordan Premier League , the top-flight league for Jordanian association football clubs . Al-Faisaly won its 4th title .
Overview
Al-Faysali won the championship .
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Zhetikara ( , ) is a district of Kostanay Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the town of Zhetikara . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Kostanay Region
Mark Belger is a former American middle distance runner . In high school , they set the American record in the 880 yards . While attending Villanova University , Belger set the record of winning ten Penn Relays golden watches .
Early life
Belger grew up in Bellmore , New York where they attended Wellington C. Mepham High School . They were born to a strict , middle-income family . After being unable to continue playing the sports of wrestling , soccer , and football due to various injuries , they turned their sights to running where they were met with great success .
High school career
After being told by their father that they were required to participate in an after school activity , Belger joined the Mepham track team under coach Paul Limmer . During a President Kennedy fitness test , Belger won their first trophy in a 600-yard dash . Following this , Belger typically ran middle distance events , consisting of the 600 yard and 880-yard dashes , though they unwillingly stepped up to longer distance and cross-country events . During this time , Belger won various County and State title . Most notably , Belger received national fame by setting the then high school record in the 880-yard dash .
Success in college
Belger attended Villanova where they continued to run during their four years . During their career they primarily ran the 800m dash , as well as different legs of relays , racing up to four or five races in a single weekend . While at Villanova , Belger set the world record for the most Penn Relay Golden Watches ever won . Belger was undefeated in their ten competitions .
Belger continued to run successfully for Villanova , placing fourth in the 1976 US Olympic Trials . Two years later , Belger was the NCAA champion in the 800m dash .
Postgraduate running , and later life
In 1980 , Belger was set to run for the United States in the Olympic Games , yet missed the opportunity due to the boycott of the games that took place . Afterwards , Belger began traveling to participate in major races around the country and the world .
After graduating , Belger worked as an economic analyst in Boston , predicting the price of raw materials for the auto industry and other developers . Belger now lives in Pacific Beach , CA with their wife Mimi . Their two daughters , Erin and Sarah , also runners , received college scholarships , following in their footsteps . Their son , Thomas , ran cross country and track for University City HS in San Diego .
References
American male middle-distance runners
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Bellmore , New York
Villanova University alumni
St. Michael 's Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral located in Keren , Anseba , Eritrea , the seat of the Eritrean Catholic Eparchy of Keren .
The 1875 church rebuilt in 1925
The first Catholic church in Keren was constructed in the western outskirts of the town in 1865 , but was demolished in 1871 by the Egyptian Ethiopian forces who in the 1870s controlled much of Eritrea . The Apostolic Vicariate of Abyssinia , which from 1870 to 1894 had its headquarters in Keren , was allowed to rebuild the church , began the work on 24 May 1873 and completed it and blessed it on 14 February 1875 .
Rebuilt in 1925 , the church is cruciform with a central dome .
This church became the cathedral of the Eritrean Catholic Eparchy of Keren , when this was set up by Pope John Paul II on 21 December 1995 .
Since the beginning , following the practice set by Saint Justin de Jacobis , the liturgy is celebrated in the Ge'ez variant of the Alexandrian rite .
New cathedral
In 1965 the foundation stone was laid for a much larger new cathedral of Saint Michael to replace that of 1875/1925 . 1961–1991 were the years of the Eritrean War of Independence and only in the 21st century did construction begin in earnest . It was not yet completed in January 2017 .
The new building is situated in the south of the town ( coordinates : 15.774931 N , 38.448618 E ) .
With projections for the sanctuary and three entrances , it is octagonal in shape , as in many churches of Ethiopic tradition .
Other churches in Keren
In the centre of the town of Keren , the Church of Saint Anthony exists , like the cathedral , in two versions , but these two versions are close to each other . The old church was consecrated on 12 June 1932 .
The coordinates of the new Church of Saint Anthony are 15.779711 N , 38.454835 E .
See also
Eritrean Catholic Church
Eritrean Catholic Eparchy of Keren
References
Eastern Catholic cathedrals in Eritrea
Keren , Eritrea
Eritrean Catholic cathedrals
William Thomas Cox ( 1878–1961 ) was the first State Forester and Commissioner of Conservation for Minnesota . Cox worked as a forester for the United States Forest Service prior to their appointment as State Forester . After leaving office , in 1929 , Cox traveled to Brazil to organize the Brazilian Forest Service including exhaustive exploration of the Amazon Basin . Returning to the United States in 1931 , Cox was appointed as the first Commissioner of Conservation for Minnesota .
Writing
Cox was an avid writer and wrote heavily on forestry , nature , and conservation topics . Cox contributed a recurring column in the magazine The Farmer and exerts of which were later published as Wild Animals of the Field and Forest and , with coauthor Dietrich Lange , Bird Stories . Cox is perhaps best known today for their collection of folkloric sketches , Fearsome Creatures of the Lumberwoods , with a Few Desert and Mountain Beasts , a chief literary resource on fearsome critters of North American folklore .
See also
Fearsome Creatures of the Lumberwoods
Fearsome Critters
United States Forest Service
References
External links
William T. Cox , Minnesota 's First State Forester
Letter from President Theodore Roosevelt to William T. Cox
1878 births
American foresters
1961 deaths
Johan Martin Fredrik Poulsen ( September 26 , 1890 – June 24 , 1980 ) was a Faroese teacher and politician for the Union Party .
Poulsen was born in Toftir . They represented the Union Party in the Faroese Parliament for a full 50 years , from the 1920 election until the 1970 election , as a representative from Eysturoy . As such , they were the longest-ever sitting member of the Løgting . They served as speaker of the Løgting from 1932 to 1936 , 1938 to 1940 , and 1951 to 1958 , and as deputy speaker from 1958 to 1970 . They were also a member of the Danish Parliament from 1939 to 1943 and from 1950 to 1964 , and a member of the Nordic Council from 1953 to 1964 . In addition , Poulsen served as party leader for 22 years , from 1948 to 1970 .
They graduated from the Faroese Teachers School ( ) in 1908 and took a one-year program at the State Teachers School ( ) in Copenhagen from 1914 to 1915 . Poulsen worked as a teacher in Glyvrar , Lamba , and Søldarfjørður from 1908 to 1917 , and in Strendur from 1917 to 1958 . They became a school administrator in 1933 .
Poulsen was a member of the parish council in the Municipality of Sjóvar from 1919 to 1962 , chairing it from 1933 to 1952 . They were a member of the Sjóvar municipal council from 1931 to 1934 , head of the Sjóvar municipal health insurance organization from 1919 to 1933 , and secretary and treasurer at the Faroese Central Association of Health Insurance Organizations from 1921 to 1959 ( and became a board member in 1926 ) . Poulsen was a member of the Faroese county church inspection office from 1924 to 1960 and 1967 to 1970 , and a member of the school board from 1932 to 1935 and 1938 to 1971 . They became chairperson of The Faroe Insurance Company in 1948 , and was a board member of the Faroese Accident Insurance Company from 1934 to 1965 , and again from 1970 onward ( serving as chairperson from 1942 to 1962 ) .
References
Speakers of the Løgting
Members of the Folketing
1890 births
1980 deaths
People from Toftir
Papadakis ( ) is a Greek surname . The female version is Papadaki ( ) .
Notable people with surname include :
Andreas Papadakis ( 1938-2008 ) , Cypriot-born British academic and architectural publisher
Papadakis Publisher , British publisher
Antonios Papadakis ( 1810-1878 ) , Greek business person and benefactor to the University of Athens
Antonis Papadakis ( 1893-1980 ) , Greek musician
Christína Papadáki ( born 1973 ) , Greek tennis player
Constantine Papadakis ( 1946-2009 ) , Greek-American business person and president of Drexel University
Dimitris Papadakis ( born 1966 ) , Cypriot politician and MEP
Eleni Papadaki ( 1903-1944 ) , Greek actor
Gabriella Papadakis ( born 1995 ) , French ice dancer
Konstantinos Papadakis ( pianist ) ( born 1972 ) , Greek pianist
Konstantinos Papadakis ( politician ) ( born 1975 ) , Greek politician and MEP
Konstantinos Papadakis ( basketball ) ( born 1998 ) , Greek basketball player
Kostas Papadakis ( 1920-2003 ) , Greek folk violinist
Nick Papadakis ( born 1943 ) , Canadian footballer
Petros Papadakis ( born 1977 ) , American football player and radio host
Fictional
Hannie Papadakis , a character from The Baby-sitters Club
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
