Corrado Augias ( born 26 January 1935 ) is an Italian journalist , writer and TV host . They were also a member of the European Parliament in 1994–1999 for the Democratic Party of the Left .
Biography
Born in Rome , Augias became popular in Italy as host of several shows dealing with mysteries and cases of the past , such as Telefono giallo and Enigma . Their current show is Quante storie , aired by Rai 3 .
As writer , Augias issued a series of crime novels set in the early 20th century and others . Their other works include several essays about peculiar features of the world 's most important cities : I segreti di ( `` The Secrets of ... '' ) Rome , Paris , New York City and London . In 2006 , in collaboration with scholar Mauro Pesce , they published a work dealing with the gospel 's description of the life of Jesus ( Inchiesta su Gesù ) , which became a bestseller in Italy . The book elicited many reactions , for example Pietro Ciavarella and Valerio Bernardi wrote Risposta a Inchiesta su Gesù , aiming to provide 'informed and constructive apologetics ' .
As a journalist , Augias worked for La Repubblica , L'Espresso and Panorama . They have also been a playwright .
They are atheist .
See also
75225 Corradoaugias , asteroid
References
External links
Official webpage on Arnoldo Mondadori
1935 births
Living people
Writers from Rome
Italian journalists
Italian male journalists
Italian male writers
Italian television personalities
Democratic Party of the Left MEPs
MEPs for Italy 1994–1999
La Repubblica people
Légion d'honneur refusals
Sligo Gaol or Sligo Prison , ( ) is a former prison located in Sligo , County Sligo , Ireland , which was open from 1823 to 1959 .
Construction
The prison sits on an site and was designed to hold 200 inmates in a polygon-shaped building , with the Governor 's residence situated in the centre of the prison . Construction of the prison began in 1818 and it was opened in 1823 at a cost of £30,000 .
The prison provided its own hospital wing , surgery , dispensary , cookhouse , furnace , clothing store and school .
General history
Gas was introduced to the prison in 1879 . This allowed the provision of heating via hot water pipes and earned it the nickname of the Cranmore Hotel .
Male inmates in the prison were forced to undertake `` hard labour '' . This labour included the picking of oakum , rock breaking and wood chopping . Other forms of male labour included shoemaking , tailoring , carpentry , glazing , and painting , whilst female inmates were employed to sew , knit and wash clothes .
During the 20th century the prison was self-sufficient and produced its own food , the surplus of which was sold outside the prison at stalls in Sligo .
Notable events
The final public hanging at Sligo Gaol occurred on 19 August 1861 when 26-year-old Ballymote native Mathew Phibbs , also known as the `` Ballymote Slasher '' , was hanged for murdering William and Fanny Callaghan and a servant girl Anne Mooney in January of the same year . The last person to be hanged within the prison was a Mr. Doherty of Carrick-on-Shannon , County Leitrim in 1903 who was convicted of murdering their son .
On 26 June 1920 , a party of approximately 100 volunteers from the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) undertook a raid on Sligo Gaol with the aim of liberating Frank Carty , the OC of the South Sligo Brigade of the IRA and the newly elected Sinn Féin council of Sligo Town Council .
The IRA members forced open the main gate of the prison and the inner doors . They then forced the nightwatchman to turn over the keys to the cells and they released Carty who was taken away in a waiting motor car .
Throughout the period of the Second World War a number of German spies were held in Sligo Gaol . In September 1946 , ten German spies were released from the prison ; however , eight of the spies chose to remain in Ireland .
In 1947 Jack Doyle was imprisoned in Sligo Gaol for issuing a cheque which later bounced . They served four months of hard labour .
Closure
During the 1950s the number of prisoners detained in the prison was low and dropped to less than 15 . The prison subsequently closed on 5 June 1956 after the then Minister for Justice , Equality and Law Reform James Everett passed the Sligo Prison Closing Order , 1956 on 25 April 1956 and the prisoners were transferred to Mountjoy Prison .
The closure of the prison was welcomed by councillors of Sligo Corporation as they felt it was a symbol of slavery and the conquest of Ireland .
In 1957 , the Irish Department of Justice transferred the ownership of the prison to Sligo County Council . The Department , however , retained control of three houses . One of these was retained as a Bridewell in which a prisoner could be held on remand overnight . The last time this Bridewell was used was circa 1959 for a youth remanded on a murder charge . The law was changed to allow a Peace Commissioner to remand a prisoner to Mountjoy , thus the necessity of overnight remand was removed . In 1961 , there were plans made to convert the former prison officers ' quarters into married quarters for the Gardaí . However , this never materialised and the prison is now used as a storage facility for Sligo County Council with a portion of the site redeveloped as council offices and the headquarters for the Sligo Fire Brigade .
Notable inmates
Frank Carty
Michael Collins
Michael Davitt
Jack Doyle
List of governors of Sligo Gaol
References
External links
Sligo Gaol
1823 establishments in Ireland
Buildings and structures in County Sligo
Defunct prisons in the Republic of Ireland
Sligo ( town )
1956 disestablishments in Ireland
The 1987 Georgia Southern Eagles football team represented the Georgia Southern Eagles of Georgia Southern College ( now known as Georgia Southern University ) during the 1987 NCAA Division I-AA football season . The Eagles played their home games at Paulson Stadium in Statesboro , Georgia . The team was coached by Erk Russell , in their sixth year as head coach for the Eagles .
Schedule
References
External links
1987 Football Media Guide at gseagles.com
Georgia Southern
Georgia Southern Eagles football seasons
Georgia Southern Eagles football
SWR Vokalensemble is the vocal ensemble of the broadcaster Südwestrundfunk ( SWR ) , based in Stuttgart , Germany . It was founded in 1946 as Südfunk-Chor Stuttgart in 1946 to perform studio work for Süddeutscher Rundfunk ( SDR ) which merged in 1998 with the Südwestfunk to form the SWR.Redigera wikitext
The ensemble was awarded the Echo Klassik in both 2011 and 2012 .
Conductors
Marinus Voorberg ( 1975–81 )
Klaus Martin Ziegler ( 1981–1986 )
Rupert Huber ( 1990–2000 )
Marcus Creed ( 2003-2020 )
Yuval Weinberg since 2020
References
External links
Official site
SWR Vokalensemble Stuttgart
Südwestrundfunk
German orchestras
1946 establishments in Germany
East Bolaang Mongondow Regency is a regency of North Sulawesi Province of Indonesia . It covers an area of 910.18 sq km and had a population of 63,654 at the 2010 Census , rising to 87,241 at the 2020 Census . The principal town lies at Tutuyan .
Administration
At the time of the 2010 Census , the Regency was divided into five districts ( kecamatan ) . However in 2016 two additional districts were created - Mooat District and Motongkad District . The districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census . The table also includes the numbers of administrative villages ( desa ) in each district and its postal code .
Notes : ( a ) including three offshore islands . ( b ) the 2010 population of Motongkad District is included in the figure for Nuangan District , from which it was cut out in 2016 . ( c ) the most northerly district within the regency , including four offshore islands . ( d ) a Christian majority district . ( e ) the 2010 population of Mooat District is included in the figure for Modayag District , from which it was cut out in 2016 .
Climate
Tutuyan , the seat of the regency has a tropical rainforest climate ( Af ) with moderate rainfall in August and September and heavy rainfall in the remaining months .
References
Regencies of North Sulawesi
Sasural is a 1984 Hindi movie produced by Biswanath Prasad Shahabadi and directed by Govind Moonis . The film stars Arun Govil , Bharat Bhushan , Arvind Deshpande , Gulshan Grover , Sadhana Singh and Dina Pathak .
Plot
Chanda ( Sadhana Singh ) had never known their parents . They had never experienced a mother 's love and care , nor the joys of a happy family . They are treated badly by their Aunt who took them in when they were orphaned . Chanda experiences sympathy , love and a sense of belonging for the first time when they meet Narendra ( Arun Govil ) . They marry and Chanda finally gets the love and affection of a family . However , their Aunt Jagdamba is not happy with the marriage as they wanted their daughter , Deepa ( Sukhjeet Kaur ) to marry Narendra . They tell and blackmails Chanda , that their mother died of Leprosy and so they must be a carrier of the disease too .
Cast
Arun Govil - Narendra Sharma
Sadhana Singh - Chanda
Sukhjeet Kaur - Deepa
Bharat Bhushan - Ram Sahay
Shammi - Jagdamba
Dina Pathak - Narendra 's mother
Arvind Deshpande - Advocate Shivshankar Sharma
Gulshan Grover - Bansi
Manjushree - Nirmala
Mushtaq Khan - Pratap
Paidi Jairaj - Doctor
Manmauji - Bhola ( as Manmaujee )
Lalita Kumari
Songs
All Lyrics were written by Ravindra Jain who was also the Music Director for the film .
1 . `` Sun Sun Gaon Ki Gori '' - Yesudas
2 . `` Chahe Koi Hath Jode '' - Aarti Mukherjee , Hemalata
3 . `` Aaj Main Bahut Khush Hu '' - Kishore Kumar , Sadhana Singh
4 . `` Na Jane Kab Kaise '' - Kishore Kumar , Hemalata
5 . `` Bhabhi O Bhabhi '' - Aarti Mukherjee , Dilraj Kaur
6 . `` Yadukul Raghav '' - Hemalata
References
External links
1984 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Firebase Nancy ( later known as Firebase My Chanh ) was a U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) fire support base located southeast of Quảng Trị in central Vietnam .
History
Nancy was located approximately southeast of Quảng Trị and northwest of Huế .
On 13 April 1970 at 02:45 Nancy received mortar fire followed at 03:50 by a ground attack by a People 's Army of Vietnam ( PAVN ) sapper company . The defenders , comprising a unit of the ARVN 1st Regiment , 1st Division and a U.S. artillery unit , returned fire and the PAVN withdrew . At dusk ARVN soldiers sweeping the perimeter made sporadic contact with PAVN . PAVN losses were 71 killed and nine captured and 11 individual and six crew-served weapons captured ; U.S. losses were four killed .
In late March 1972 at the start of the Easter Offensive Nancy was occupied by the Republic of Vietnam Marine Division 's 258th Brigade which together with the 147th Marine Brigade at Mai Loc Camp defended the western approaches to the coastal lowlands of Quảng Trị Province and which were believed to be the most likely direction of any PAVN assault . On the evening of 2 May following intense artillery fire and ground attacks the ARVN abandoned Nancy and fell back behind the Mỹ Chánh River to form a new defense known as the Mỹ Chánh Line .
Current use
The base has been turned over to farmland .
References
Installations of the United States Army in South Vietnam
Installations of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam
Military installations closed in the 1970s
Buildings and structures in Quảng Trị province
Baraeus itzingeri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1935 . It is known from Tanzania and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1935
Helcystogramma ectopon is a moth in the family Gelechiidae . It was described by Ronald W. Hodges in 1986 . It is found in North America , where it has been recorded from Nebraska and Mississippi .
References
Moths described in 1986
ectopon
Moths of North America
The Ryer Island Ferry is a ferry that operates between Rio Vista and Ryer Island , crossing Cache Slough in the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta in Solano County , California . The California Department of Transportation ( Caltrans ) operates the vehicle roll-on/roll-off service , which is classified as part of California State Route 84 . The ferry operates every 20 minutes ; on the hour , 20 minutes after the hour , and 40 minutes after the hour .
The ferry is served by the vessel Real McCoy II which is 88-feet long by 38-feet wide and entered service in 2011 , replacing the venerable Real McCoy . It is powered by a hydraulic propulsion system , with 360 degree propellers for steering . The hull 's capacity is 80,000 pounds , and can carry up to eight vehicles . There is a 16.25-ton weight limit , tractor-trailers are prohibited , and the length limit is at the discretion of the Coast Guard .
Ryer Island is also connected via the other Caltrans delta ferry , the Howard Landing Ferry , on Highway 220 to the east towards Ryde , and north via Highway 84 on a bridge towards West Sacramento .
References
Ferries on the California highway system
is a private junior college in Nishihara , Okinawa , Japan . It was established in 1959 as a junior college for the United States Civil Administration of the Ryukyu Islands , the predecessor of the school was founded in 1957 . In 1972 it was changed to native college .
In 1984 Rupert Bruce-Mitford found it necessary to sell their library , which went to Okinawa Christian Junior College .
Academic departments
English studies
Child care studies
Christianity studies
Advanced course
No
See also
List of junior colleges in Japan
Okinawa Christian University
External links
References
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1959
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Okinawa Prefecture
1959 establishments in Okinawa
The Bernie Moore Track Stadium is an outdoor track and field facility located on the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge , LA . The facility , built in 1969 , serves as the outdoor home of the LSU Tigers track and field team and the LSU Lady Tigers track and field team . The stadium has a seating capacity of 5,680 . In 1971 , the facility was renamed after former LSU football and track & field coach , Bernie Moore . Moore coached the LSU Track and Field teams for 18 years ( 1930–47 ) and led the Tigers to their first NCAA National Championship in 1933 as well as 12 SEC crowns .
In 2012 , LSU 's Bernie Moore Track Stadium was recognized as the 2012 Outdoor Track Facility of the Year by the American Sports Builders Association as part of its annual awards program for facilities built by ASBA members that best exemplify construction excellence .
Bernie Moore Track Stadium hosted the 1973 NCAA University Division Outdoor Track and Field Championships .
Bernie Moore Track Stadium weight room
Opened in January 2003 , the weight room is for the LSU Tigers track and field and LSU Lady Tigers track and field team 's . The LSU track and field weight room is a 2,000 square foot facility designed for an Olympic style lifting program . Located adjacent to the track , the weight room features 10 multi-purpose power stations , 5 dumbbell stations , 4 power racks , 5 sets of competition plates , 10 competition Olympic bars , 2 multi-purpose racks , an assortment of selectorized machines and 2 televisions for multimedia presentations .
Gallery
See also
Carl Maddox Field House
LSU Tigers track and field
LSU Lady Tigers track and field
LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers
References
External links
Bernie Moore Track and Field Stadium at LSUSports.net
College track and field venues in the United States
LSU Tigers and Lady Tigers track and field venues
Athletics ( track and field ) venues in Louisiana
Sports venues in Louisiana
Sports venues completed in 1969
1969 establishments in Louisiana
Woodhull Mountain is a mountain in the Adirondack Mountains of New York . It is located east-southeast of Minnehaha in the Town of Webb in Herkimer County . In 1916 , a steel fire lookout tower was built on the mountain . The tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1970 season . The tower still remains and is open to the public with the exception of the tower cab .
History
In September 1911 , a wood fire lookout tower was built on the mountain by the Conservation Commission . In 1916 , the Conservation Commission built a Aermotor LL25 steel tower . The tower was of a lighter weight than the 1917 design and had no stairs but only a galvanized steel rung ladder up the exterior to get to the top . A wood ladder was later added to the outside of the tower to make it safer for the observer and public to access to the cab . The Aermotor company later developed a self-supporting staircase for installation in the towers purchased in 1916 . This staircase was a tower within a tower and was anchored to the original tower . This self-supporting staircase was installed in 1936 to replace the wood ladder that was previously installed . Due to the increased use of aerial detection , the tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1970 season . The tower still remains and is open to the public with the exception of the tower cab .
External links
The Fire Towers of New York
References
Mountains of Herkimer County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Partners in Flight / Compañeros en Vuelo / Partenaires d'Envol is an organization launched in 1990 in response to growing concerns about declines in the populations of many land bird species , and to emphasize the conservation of birds not covered by existing conservation initiatives . The initial focus was on Neotropical migrants , species that breed in the Nearctic ( North America ) and winter in the Neotropics ( Central and South America ) , but the focus has spread to include most land birds and other species requiring terrestrial habitats . The central premise of Partners in Flight ( PIF ) has been that the resources of public and private organizations in North and South America must be combined , coordinated , and increased to achieve success in conserving bird populations in the hemisphere . PIF supports education initiatives and is a title sponsor of International Migratory Bird Day .
PIF is a cooperative effort involving partnerships among federal , state , and local government agencies , philanthropic foundations , professional organizations , conservation groups , industry , the academic community , and private individuals . All its meetings at all levels are open to anyone interested in bird conservation . The 5th International Partners in Flight Conference and Conservation Workshop : Advancing Bird Conservation Across the Americas took place August 25–28 , 2013 , in Snowbird , Utah .
Partners in Flight mission
The PIF mission is expressed in three related concepts :
Helping Species at Risk - Species must be conserved before they become imperiled . Allowing species to become threatened or endangered results in long-term and costly recovery efforts whose success is far from guaranteed . Endangered species must not only be protected from extinction , but also must be recovered to once again play their roles in ensuring the future of healthy ecosystems .
Keeping Common Birds Common - Common native birds , both resident and migratory , must remain common throughout their natural ranges . These species comprise the core of avian diversity and are integral to the integrity of the ecosystems of which they are a part .
Voluntary Partnerships for Birds , Habitats , and People - Conservation of land birds and their habitats is not a task that can be undertaken alone . Partnerships must be formed with others who are working for conservation on the same landscapes , as well as those who depend on those landscapes for their economic and social well-being . The conservation of natural systems is fundamentally necessary for life on earth , including that of humans .
Partners in Flight goals
Ensure an active scientifically based conservation design process that identifies and develops solutions to threats and risks to land bird populations
Create a coordinated network of conservation partners implementing the objectives of the land bird conservation plans at multiple scales
Secure sufficient commitment and resources to support vigorous implementation of land bird conservation objectives
PIF 36-month Strategic Goals ( 2012 )
Increase capacity to support full lifecycle conservation
Integrate PIF priorities and objectives into public agency , joint venture , landscape conservation cooperative , and private lands natural-resource planning and action
Engage PIF 's constituencies , audiences , and partners in priority conservation actions through more effective education , outreach , and communications
Expand the PIF network and increase financial resources to support land bird conservation activities
Working groups
Several working groups were formed for PIF . The international group comprises members from the Caribbean , Canada , and Latin America . The United States has four working groups . Each has a chair and a committee structure that generally parallels that of the national technical working groups ( i.e. , research , monitoring and inventory , communications , education , and international ) . The regional working groups ' missions are to develop a regional strategy for the conservation of birds within their respective regions by developing bird conservation plans that identify problems , synthesize information , and generate solutions to be used by resource professionals and the general public . Regional working groups foster communication , coordination , and cooperation among agencies , organizations , academic institutions , and individuals interested in conserving birds within their respective regions .
Regions are defined by the states , territories , and countries listed below ; some are in two regions by their request .
Southeast Partners in Flight : Alabama , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maryland , Mississippi , North Carolina , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , West Virginia , Puerto Rico , U.S. Virgin Islands
Northeast Partners in Flight : Connecticut , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , Virginia , West Virginia , Delaware
Midwest Partners in Flight : Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , North Dakota , Ohio , South Dakota , Wisconsin
Western Partners in Flight : Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Hawaii , Idaho , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , Utah , Washington , Wyoming
Mesoamerica Partners in Flight : representatives from Nicaragua , Guatemala , Belize , El Salvador , Honduras , Canada and Panama
Caribbean Partners in Flight : Society for the Conservation and Study of Caribbean Birds
Educational Partners in Flight Working Group : coordinated by Bird Education Alliance for Conservation
See also
National Partners in Flight homepage
Department of Defense Partners in Flight homepage
Bird conservation organizations
Organizations established in 1990
Animal welfare organizations based in the United States
Cloaking is a search engine optimization ( SEO ) technique in which the content presented to the search engine spider is different from that presented to the user 's browser . This is done by delivering content based on the IP addresses or the User-Agent HTTP header of the user requesting the page . When a user is identified as a search engine spider , a server-side script delivers a different version of the web page , one that contains content not present on the visible page , or that is present but not searchable . The purpose of cloaking is sometimes to deceive search engines so they display the page when it would not otherwise be displayed ( black hat SEO ) . However , it can also be a functional ( though antiquated ) technique for informing search engines of content they would not otherwise be able to locate because it is embedded in non-textual containers such as video or certain Adobe Flash components . Since 2006 , better methods of accessibility , including progressive enhancement , have been available , so cloaking is no longer necessary for regular SEO .
Cloaking is often used as a spamdexing technique to attempt to sway search engines into giving the site a higher ranking . By the same method , it can also be used to trick search engine users into visiting a site that is substantially different from the search engine description , including delivering pornographic content cloaked within non-pornographic search results .
Cloaking is a form of the doorway page technique .
A similar technique is used on DMOZ web directory , but it differs in several ways from search engine cloaking :
It is intended to fool human editors , rather than computer search engine spiders .
The decision to cloak or not is often based upon the HTTP referrer , the user agent or the visitor 's IP ; but more advanced techniques can be also based upon the client 's behaviour analysis after a few page requests : the raw quantity , the sorting of , and latency between subsequent HTTP requests sent to a website 's pages , plus the presence of a check for robots.txt file , are some of the parameters in which search engines spiders differ heavily from a natural user behaviour . The referrer tells the URL of the page on which a user clicked a link to get to the page . Some cloakers will give the fake page to anyone who comes from a web directory website , since directory editors will usually examine sites by clicking on links that appear on a directory web page . Other cloakers give the fake page to everyone except those coming from a major search engine ; this makes it harder to detect cloaking , while not costing them many visitors , since most people find websites by using a search engine .
Cloaking versus IP delivery
IP delivery can be considered a more benign variation of cloaking , where different content is served based upon the requester 's IP address . With cloaking , search engines and people never see the other 's pages , whereas , with other uses of IP delivery , both search engines and people can see the same pages . This technique is sometimes used by graphics-heavy sites that have little textual content for spiders to analyze .
One use of IP delivery is to determine the requester 's location , and deliver content specifically written for that country . This is n't necessarily cloaking . For instance , Google uses IP delivery for Google Ads and AdSense advertising programs to target users in different geographic locations .
IP delivery is a crude and unreliable method of determining the language in which to provide content . Many countries and regions are multilingual , or the requestor may be a foreign national . A better method of content negotiation is to examine the client 's Accept-Language HTTP header .
See also
Spamdexing
Doorway page
Keyword stuffing
Link farms
Spamdexing
URL redirection
Technology :
Content negotiation
Geo targeting
References
Further reading
Baoning Wu and Brian D. Davison : `` Cloaking and Redirection : A Preliminary Study '' . Workshop on Adversarial Information Retrieval on the Web , Chiba , Japan , 2005 .
Black hat search engine optimization
The Senior women 's race at the 2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held at the Guiyang horse racing circuit in Guiyang , China , on March 28 , 2015 . Reports of the event were given for the IAAF .
Complete results for individuals , and for teams were published .
Race results
Senior women 's race ( 8 km )
Individual
Teams
Note : Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result .
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 82 athletes from 25 countries participated in the Senior women 's race .
See also
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men 's race
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men 's race
2015 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women 's race
References
Senior women 's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
2015 in women 's athletics
Angarsky ( ; masculine ) , Angarskaya ( ; feminine ) , or Angarskoye ( ; neuter ) is the name of several rural localities in Russia :
Angarsky , Irkutsk Oblast , a settlement in Alarsky District of Ust-Orda Buryat Okrug of Irkutsk Oblast
Angarsky , Krasnoyarsk Krai , a settlement in Angarsky Selsoviet of Boguchansky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai
Gasteracantha versicolor , known as the long-winged kite spider , is a species of diurnal spiny orb-weaver of the family Araneidae . It is found in the tropics and sub-tropics , where it occurs in forests . It has an extensive range , from central , east and southern Africa to Madagascar .
The female is 8 to 10 mm long , with a large , glossy and brightly coloured abdomen , like others of their genus . The hardened ( sclerotised ) abdomen projects over the cephalothorax and has six peripheral spines , with the lateral pair medium to long and slightly recurved in this species . Males are much smaller , less colourful and lack the thorny abdominal projections .
The web has densely spaced radii and an open hub , and may be placed from near ground level to several meters up . Their venom is not known to be dangerous to man .
Races
G. v. avaratrae Emerit , 1974 – Madagascar
G. v. formosa Vinson , 1863 – Madagascar
G. v. versicolor ( Walckenaer , 1841 ) – mainland Africa
References
versicolor
Spiders described in 1841
Spiders of Africa
John Hastings ( 1778December 8 , 1854 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio .
Born in the Kingdom of Ireland in 1778 , Hastings engaged in agricultural pursuits , while studying law in Lisbon , Ohio . They were admitted to the bar and practiced in Mississippi .
They returned to Ohio and settled in Hanover Township , Columbiana County , Ohio , where once again , they engaged in agricultural pursuits .
Hastings was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Congresses ( March 4 , 1839 – March 4 , 1843 ) .
They died near Hanoverton , Ohio , December 8 , 1854 and was interred in Grove Hill Cemetery .
Sources
1778 births
1854 deaths
People from Hanoverton , Ohio
Irish emigrants to the United States ( before 1923 )
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Greater Ring or Intermediate Ring in Brussels , Belgium ( French : Moyenne Ceinture , Dutch : Middenring ) is a set of roads in the shape of a ring , intermediate between the Small Ring and the main Brussels Ring motorway . The greater part of this set of roads is numbered R21 and is about 30 km long , compared to 8 km for the Small Ring and 80 km for the main Ring .
It crosses two highways ( A12 and E40-east ) and offers a connection to the A10/E40-west at Basilique/Basiliek via Avenue Charles Quint/Keizer Karellaan , to the A12 at Gros Tilleul/Dikke Linde , to the E19-north and N22/A201 at Leopold III via Boulevard Léopold III/Leopold III-laan , to the A3/E40-east at Reyers , to the E411 at Arsena ( a ) l via Boulevard du Triomphe/Triomflaan and to the E19-south at Paepsem via Boulevard Industriel/Industrielaan .
This road passes through tunnels ( Boileau tunnel , Montgomery tunnel , Georges Henri tunnel ) , on bridges and viaducts ( e.g . Diamant viaduct , Teichmann bridge and Van Praet bridge ) and under bridges and viaducts ( e.g . Luttre bridge ) . Among those bridges , 7 are used to cross railroads and 2 are used to cross the Brussels–Scheldt Maritime Canal . Tunnels and the Diamant viaduct are used to avoid crossroads . The Greater Ring runs along many parks : the Royal Domain , the Josaphat park , the Forest park , the Astrid park , the Scheutbos park , the Elisabeth park , the Jeugdpark and the Laeken park . It also crosses the Bois de la Cambre .
The road goes through 14 municipalities out of the 19 which form the Brussels Capital Region : City of Brussels , Schaerbeek , Woluwe-Saint-Lambert , Woluwe-Saint-Pierre , Etterbeek , Ixelles , Uccle , Forest , Saint-Gilles ( only when riding clockwise ) , Anderlecht , Sint-Jans-Molenbeek , Koekelberg , Ganshoren and Jette .
Crossroads
The Greater Ring counts 15 main crossroads with other main roads in Brussels . Starting from the north and going clockwise , those crossroads are :
Gros Tilleul/Dikke Linde : where motorway A12 starts , leading to Antwerp via Willebroek
Van Praet : crossroad with the Quai des Usines/Werkhuizenkaai ( the road along the Brussels–Scheldt Maritime Canal ) and the Avenue de Vilvorde/Vilvoordselaan ( N1 road leading to Antwerp via Mechelen )
Josaphat : crossroad with Avenue Chazal/Chazallaan located at the eastern end of the Josaphat park
Meiser : crossroad with the Chaussée de Louvain/Leuvensesteenweg ( N2 road ) as well as the Avenue Rogier/Rogierlaan and the Avenue Eugène Plasky/Eugène Plaskylaan
Reyers : where motorway A3 , leading to E40 , starts ; connecting to Germany via Leuven and Liège , this is also the crossroad with Avenue de Roodebeek/Roodebeeklaan , Avenue des cerisiers/Kerselarenlaan and Avenue du Diamant/Diamantlaan ; the Belgian national radios and televisions ( RTBF and VRT ) are also located next to this intersection
Montgomery : crossroad with the Avenue de Tervueren/Tervurenlaan ( N3 road ) and the Avenue de Broqueville/De Broquevillelaan
Arsenal/Arsenaal : crossroad with the Chaussée de Wavre ( N4 road ) and the Boulevard du Triomphe/Triomflaan
Couronne/Kroon : crossroad with the Avenue de la Couronne/Kroonlaan
La Cambre/Ter Kameren : crossroad with the Avenue Louise/Louizalaan , where the Greater Ring enters the Bois de La Cambre/Ter Kameren Bos
Vanderkindere : crossroad with Avenue Brugmann/Brugmannlaan and rue Vanderkindere/Vanderkinderelaan
Albert : crossroad with Chaussée d'Alsemberg/Alsembergse Steenweg
Paepsem : crossroad with Boulevard Industriel/Industrielaan
Dupuis : crossroad with Boulevard Sylvain Dupuis/Sylvain Dupuislaan
Prince de Liège/Prins van Luik : crossroad with Chaussée de Ninove/Ninoofsesteenweg ( N8 road ) and Boulevard Prince de Liège/Prins van Luiklaan
Basilique/Basiliek : crossroad with Boulevard Leopold II/Leopold II Laan next to the Basilica
Road names
The roads that form the Greater Ring is the following , starting from the Gros Tilleul/Dikke Linde crossroad and going clockwise :
Avenue Van Praet/Van Praetlaan ( going southeast ) and Avenue des Croix du Feu/Vuurkruisenlaan ( going northwest )
Boulevard Lambermont/Lambermontlaan
Boulevard Général Wahis/Generaal Wahislaan
Boulevard Auguste Reyers/Auguste Reyerslaan
Boulevard Brand Whitlock/Brand Whitlocklaan
Boulevard Saint-Michel/Sint-Michielslaan
Boulevard Louis Schmidt/Louis Schmidtlaan
Boulevard Général Jacques/Generaal Jacqueslaan
Avenue du Congo/Congolaan
Avenue Lloyd George/Lloyd Georgelaan
Avenue de Flore/Floralaan
Avenue de Diane/Dianalaan
Avenue de la Lisière
Avenue Winston Churchill/Winston Churchilllaan
Avenue Albert/Albertlaan
Avenue Besme/Besmelaan and then Avenue Reine Marie-Henriette/Koningin Maria-Hendrikalaan ( going northwest ) or Avenue des Villas and then Avenue du Mont Kemmel ( going southeast )
Avenue Wielemans Ceuppens/Wielemans Ceuppenslaan
Avenue du Pont de Luttre/Luttrebruglaan
Rue du Charroi/Gerijstraat
Boulevard Paepsem/Paepsemlaan
Avenue Frans Van Kalken/Frans Van Kalkenlaan
At this point the Greater Ring is discontinued but can be joined via Boulevard Briand Aristide/Briand Aristidelaan , Avenue Eugène Ysaÿe/Eugène Ysayelaan and Avenue Théo Verbeeck/Théo Verbeecklaan . Then the Greater Ring resumes :
Rue René Henry/René Henrystraat
Rue de la Compétition
Boulevard Maria Groeninckx De May/Maria Groeninckx De Maylaan
Boulevard de la Grande Ceinture/Grote Ringlaan
Boulevard Louis Mettewie/Louis Mettewielaan
Avenue Emile Bossaert/Emile Bossaertlaan
Avenue Jacques Sermon/Jacques Sermonlaan
Avenue de Laeken/Lakenselaan
Boulevard de Smet de Naeyer/De Smet de Naeyerlaan
Avenue des Robiniers/Witte Acacialaan
Avenue du Parc Royal/Koninklijk Parklaan
Public transport
The Greater Ring is extensively used by public transport . Between Boileau and Diamant , 4 underground tram stations ( Boileau , Montgomery , Georges Henry and Diamant ) are connected by a tunnel for trams , which lies under the Greater Ring . This tunnel is used by tram routes 7 and 25 . Albert underground tram station is also located under the Greater Ring at the Albert crossroad , where the tram routes 3 and 4 join the Greater Ring , route 3 stopping 3 stops later at Churchill whereas route 4 leaves the Ring two stops later at Vanderkindere .
Tram route 7 ( previously 23/24 ) actually starts at the Vanderkindere crossing and follows the Greater Ring up to Gros Tilleul ( De Wand stop ) , only to leave the Greater Ring after having crossed the Royal Domain to end at Heysel . This makes it the route which drives the most along the Ring . Old route 24 also started at Vanderkindere and ran up to Princesse Elisabeth stop only to terminate at the next stop at Schaerbeek railway station . Route 25 joins the Ring at Buyl stop coming from Boondael railway station , follows it up to Meiser stop and terminates at Rogier metro station .
Bus route 49 follows the Ring on two occasions , first as it joins the Rue du Pont de Luttre at stop Wiels , coming from Brussels South railway station . It then leaves the Ring at stop Veeweyde metro station , to come back at stop Peterbos up to stop Leopold I .
Streets in Brussels
Martin Glossop ( born 18 July 1989 in Bristol ) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from the United Kingdom .
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position )
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
British motorcycle racers
English motorcycle racers
Living people
1989 births
The 2020 United States presidential election in Connecticut was held on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated . Connecticut voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote , pitting the Republican Party 's nominee , incumbent President Donald Trump , and running mate Vice President Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee , former Vice President Joe Biden , and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris . Connecticut has seven electoral votes in the Electoral College .
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the state 's primary elections were postponed until August 11 , 2020 , marking the first time that the modern presidential primary season has extended into August . By that time , incumbent President Donald Trump of the Republican Party and former Vice President Joe Biden of the Democratic Party had already clinched enough delegates to become the presumptive nominees of their respective parties . Furthermore , both the Democratic and Republican National Conventions were scheduled one and two weeks afterward , respectively , essentially making the Connecticut primary races pro forma .
Biden won the state by 20 points , a notable improvement from Hillary Clinton 's 13-point win in the state in 2016 . They fared especially well in Fairfield County , an ancestrally Republican area , as well as the Hartford suburbs . Biden also came within 5 points of flipping traditionally Republican Litchfield County , which had previously voted Democratic in 2008 ; and 4.2 points of flipping traditionally Democratic Windham County , which had previously voted Democratic in 2012 . Per exit polls by the Associated Press , Biden 's strength in Connecticut came from college-educated voters with 64 % ( a large voting bloc in the state ) , White women with 60 % , Latinos with 71 % , and Jews with 80 % . Additionally , Biden won over white voters ( which composed 81 % of the electorate ) with 55 % . Biden won a combined 70 % in large cities and 62 % in suburban areas . Biden is also the first presidential nominee ever to exceed 1 million votes in the state . Additionally , their total is currently the highest that any candidate in any race in Connecticut has received , surpassing the previous record of 1,008,714 that Richard Blumenthal received in their 2016 Senate race . At the same time , Biden became the first Democrat to win the White House without carrying Windham County since Woodrow Wilson in 1916 . They also become the first Democrat to win without the town of Griswold since 1888 , the first to win without the town of Sprague since 1892 , the first to win without the towns of Killingly , Plainfield , Putnam , and Stafford since 1916 , the first to win without Lisbon and Plainville since 1948 , and the first to win without the town of Salem since 1960 .
Primary elections
The primary elections were originally scheduled for April 28 , 2020 . On March 19 , they were moved to June 2 due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic . Then on April 17 , they were further pushed back to August 11 .
Republican primary
The state had 28 delegates to the 2020 Republican National Convention , all going to Trump .
Democratic primary
Libertarian caucus
Voting took place from April 25–28 , 2020 .
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
with Donald Trump and Pete Buttigieg
with Donald Trump and Kamala Harris
with Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders
with Donald Trump and Elizabeth Warren
Results
Results by county
Results by town
By congressional district
Biden won all five congressional districts .
See also
United States presidential elections in Connecticut
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
( state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
Connecticut
2020
Presidential
The Toronto Jewish Folk Choir is Canada 's oldest Jewish choral group . It consists of approximately 30 singers and is conducted by Alexander Veprinsky . Its repertoire , sung in four-part harmony , encompasses a wide range of secular Jewish music , classical works on Jewish themes and songs of many countries . The group specializes in Yiddish folk songs and songs of a working class character . The Choir is based at Toronto 's Winchevsky Centre and is affiliated with the United Jewish Peoples ' Order .
History
The amateur choral group was founded in 1925 by Jewish immigrant laborers , and was originally called the Freiheith Gezangs Farein ( Freedom Singing Society ) . Its first conductor was Hyman Riegelhaupt . In the late 1930s it was given its English name in an attempt to reach out to a broader audience in order to promote opposition to Nazism . The choir continues to give an annual spring concert in Toronto and performs at various Jewish festivals and events .
The choir 's early repertoire consisted largely of Yiddish and Hebrew folk songs , operettas , and reflected a working class sentiment . Under the leadership of Emil Gartner , it increased in size to 130 singers by the late 1940s , and its repertoire expanded to include Canadian folk songs as well as works by Handel , Mendelssohn , Schubert , and others . During this time period the choir was often accompanied by the Toronto Symphony Orchestra , and performed at large venues in Toronto , including Massey Hall . Among the well-known composers who have written works for the Choir are John Weinzweig , Louis Applebaum , Milton Barnes , Srul Irving Glick , Ben Steinberg and Leon Zuckert .
In the 1990s the choir 's history was recorded in a documentary , Keeping the Flame Alive . In 2005 , the choir was the subject of a PhD dissertation , We Shall Go Forward With Our Songs Into a Better Life , by Beneta Walters-Fredland .
References
External links
Toronto Jewish Folk Choir
Ashkenazi Jewish culture in Toronto
Musical groups established in 1925
Musical groups from Toronto
Canadian folk music groups
Canadian choirs
Jewish musical groups
Jewish Canadian culture
Jewish organizations based in Canada
Jews and Judaism in Toronto
1925 establishments in Ontario
Secular Jewish culture in Canada
Yiddish culture in Canada
Michael Stich was the defending champion , but lost in the final this year .
Wayne Ferreira won the title , defeating Stich 7–5 , 7–6 ( 8–6 ) in the final .
Seeds
Boris Becker ( first round )
Yevgeny Kafelnikov ( first round )
Michael Stich ( final )
Wayne Ferreira ( champion )
Andrei Medvedev ( first round )
Stefan Edberg ( quarterfinals )
Bernd Karbacher ( second round )
Karel Nováček ( first round )
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Singles draw
Singles
Petanjungan is a village in the town of Petarukan , Pemalang Regency , Central Java Province , Indonesia . These village has an area of 4,08 km2 and a population of 5,893 inhabitants in 2019 .
References
External links
Pemalang Regency Official Website
BPS Kabupaten Pemalang
Villages in Central Java
John James `` Jack '' Stanaway ( 8 October 1873 – 23 December 1931 ) , also known as Hone Haira , was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented New Zealand Māori and was an international test referee . Their brother , Alex Stanaway , played rugby league for New Zealand .
Rugby league career
Alongside their brother Alex , Stanaway was part of the 1908 New Zealand Māori rugby league tour of Australia .
At Ponsonby United 's first AGM on 30 July 1909 , Stanaway was elected to the club 's executive alongside James Carlaw ( the first Chairman ) , Charles Dunning and Arthur Carlaw .
Stanaway became a referee in the Auckland Rugby League competition . On 25 June , during a club game , Stanaway sent off Albert Asher . The rest of the City Rovers side walked off in support of Asher . Asher became the first player to face the ARL judiciary , who cautioned him .
During the 1910 Great Britain Lions tour of New Zealand , Stanaway controlled the Lions matches against Auckland and New Zealand .
In 1911 they helped set up the Otahuhu Rovers club , becoming their first chairperson .
Later years
Stanaway died on 23 December 1931 .
References
1873 births
1931 deaths
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand Māori rugby league team players
New Zealand rugby league referees
New Zealand rugby league administrators
New Jersey has some of the most segregated schools in the United States . Despite laws promoting school integration since 1881 , a 2017 study by the UCLA Civil Rights Project found that New Jersey has the sixth-most segregated classrooms in the United States .
New Jersey has substantially smaller school districts per capita than other states , effectively dividing attendance by municipality . As a result , the proportion of highly segregated schools in New Jersey increased by two-thirds between 1989 and 2010 , from 4.8 % to 8 % .
Background
New Jersey , the most densely populated state in the country and the second highest per capita income , has a well-developed public school system . A change to its constitution in 1947 outlawed overt segregation in schools , a decade before `` Brown v. Board of Education .
In 1941 , New Jersey had seventy districts with some form of formal segregation . Most of the segregation was in South Jersey , which was largely agricultural at the time . There was some in Bergen County , close to New York , where the average black classroom had 59 students .
After World War II and the promulgation of the 1947 constitution , legally sanctioned segregation mostly went by the boards . That same constitution retained the state 's commitment to home rule -- that townships and municipalities are the primary form of local government . Counties are relatively weak in New Jersey . The diversity of schools in New Jersey is a reflection of the communities they serve . In New Jersey there were 568 municipalities in 2017 . In New Jersey there were 590 school districts in 2017 .
The Bordentown School ( officially known as the Manual Training and Industrial School for Colored Youth ) , was a residential , publicly financed co-ed boarding school for African-American children in Bordentown . The school was known as the `` Tuskegee of the North '' for its adoption of many of the educational practices first developed at the Tuskegee Institute . Founded in 1886 and closed in 1955 , the campus included two farms and 30 trade buildings .
Studies
Since 1996 , the relative segregation of classrooms across the United States has been studied by the Civil Rights Project at Harvard until 2007 and subsequently at the Graduate School of Education and Information Studies at UCLA . The first report on New Jersey was published in 2012 . The second was published in 2017 .
Findings
Racial isolation for Latino students increased in the period 1989-2010 . Black students had less isolation in some areas and persistent segregation in others .
New Jersey has taken steps to equalize spending in the various school districts , including subsidies to 31 largely urban Abbott districts .
Contrast with the nation , region , and other states
New Jersey has the sixth-most segregated classrooms in the United States .
Initiatives
New Jersey was , for the most part , not affected by court-ordered busing in the 1960s and 1970s .
In Latino Action Network v. New Jersey , activists sued the state .
See also
Desegregation busing
References
Public education in New Jersey
African-American history of New Jersey
School segregation in the United States
The women 's heavyweight ( 70 kg/154 lbs ) K-1 category at the W.A.K.O . World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second heaviest of the female K-1 tournaments . There were only four women from two continents ( Europe and Africa ) , taking part in the competition . Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under K-1 rules .
The tournament winner was Serbian Eva Halasi who defeated Moroccan Rabih Soukayna in the final to take the gold medal . Defeated semi finalists Belarusian Maryna Kalinina and Russian Ekaterina Rokunova received bronze medals .
Results
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of female kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Kokila Harshani Gunawardena ( born 28 April 1974 ) is a Sri Lankan politician , former provincial councillor and Member of Parliament .
Gunawardena was born on 28 April 1974 . They are the sister of former provincial councillor Namal Gunawardena . They were educated at Holy Cross College , Gampaha . They worked for SriLankan Airlines . They were the Sri Lanka Freedom Party 's organiser in Mirigama .
Gunawardena was a member of the Western Provincial Council . They contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Sri Lanka People 's Freedom Alliance electoral alliance candidate in Gampaha District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
References
1974 births
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the Western Provincial Council
Sinhalese politicians
Sri Lankan Buddhists
Sri Lanka Freedom Party politicians
Sri Lanka People 's Freedom Alliance politicians
Sri Lanka Podujana Peramuna politicians
United People 's Freedom Alliance politicians
Women legislators in Sri Lanka
The common yellowthroat ( Geothlypis trichas ) is a New World warbler . In the U.S. Midwest , it is also known as the yellow bandit . It is an abundant breeder in North America , ranging from southern Canada to central Mexico . The genus name Geothlypis is from Ancient Greek geo , `` ground '' , and thlupis , an unidentified small bird ; thlypis is often used in the scientific names of New World warblers . The specific trichas is also from Greek ; is a kind of thrush , the word being derived from , `` hair '' .
Description
Common yellowthroats are small songbirds that have olive backs , wings and tails , yellow throats and chests , and white bellies . Adult males have black face masks which stretch from the sides of the neck across the eyes and forehead , which are bordered above with white or gray . Females are similar in appearance , but have paler underparts and lack the black mask . Immature birds are similar in appearance to the adult female . First-year males have a faint black mask which darkens completely by spring .
There are 13 races of this bird . These races differ mainly in the males ' facial patterns and the brightness of the yellow underparts . The southwestern forms of this bird are the brightest and the yellowest below .
Measurements :
Length :
Weight :
Wingspan :
Habits
The breeding habitats of these birds are marshes and other wet areas with dense low vegetation , and may also be found in other areas with dense shrub . However , these birds are less common in dry areas . Females appear to prefer males with larger masks . Common yellowthroats nest in low areas of the vegetation , laying 3–5 eggs in a cup-shaped nest . Both parents feed the young .
Northern races are nocturnal migrants , wintering in the southern parts of the breeding range , Central America and the West Indies . Southern forms are largely resident . This species is a very rare vagrant to western Europe .
These birds feed on insects , which are usually captured in dense vegetation , but sometimes caught in midair .
The common yellowthroat 's song is a loud . Its call is a soft jip .
Population
Despite a decline in numbers in some areas , which is due to loss of favoured habitat , this species is still very common .
Migration
Routes of migration vary based on the season and location of common yellowthroats . During fall migration , from August to October , common yellowthroats in Canada , Western , Eastern , and Central U.S. , and regions outside of the United States all have unique migration routes . When migrating in the fall months , all adults and immature individuals tend to arrive at their migration destinations around the same time . Migration differences in timing and routes are also seen during the spring months from early February to late May in these same groups across the United States , Canada , and other areas . However , males generally arrive at their destination site before the females during the spring migration months . During both fall and spring migration , many birds take time to rest during a stopover period . Some individuals stay at their stopover destinations for several weeks or months while others spend only a few days resting before they continue on in their migration patterns to their final destination .
One place of study on common yellowthroat migration that is unique and worth noting is Appledore Island , Maine . Common yellowthroats here typically migrate to this island during the spring months displaying distinct patterns of movement and stopover ecology . Analysis of the common yellowthroat spring migration from April to June was observed by researchers from the Department of Biology at Canisius College in Buffalo , New York , to determine patterns of migration and time spent resting on the island before continuing on their journey . Birds returning for more than the second time arrive earlier than birds migrating to the island for their first time . Every year , males tend to arrive on the island an average of five days earlier than females weighing more than the females upon arrival . One possible explanation for the early arrival of males to this island is the ability of males to set up territories before the females arrive . This could give them better access to resources and a higher likelihood of finding a female . However , both sexes spend about a week on the island before leaving .
Migration of common yellowthroats in Florida has also been extensively studied . In Florida , the common yellowthroat can be found more often in the southern peninsular region rather than the northern panhandle region closer to the mainland of the United States . Peak migration times of the birds in this region are during the last week of September through the second week of October . Not as much is known about spring migration in Florida , but the patterns appear similar to that of the autumn migration .
Future studies are needed to understand specific migration patterns of common yellowthroats in other parts of the United States .
References
External links
Common Yellowthroat Species Account - Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Common yellowthroat - Geothlypis trichas - USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Common yellowthroat at Animal Diversity Web
Common yellowthroat bird sound at Florida Museum of Natural History
common yellowthroat
Birds of North America
Birds of the United States
Birds of the Dominican Republic
common yellowthroat
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Extant Pleistocene first appearances
The Honda CB250N and CB400N Super Dream are motorcycles manufactured by the Honda Motor Company from 1978 to 1986 . The successor to the short lived Dream model , it had a series of revisions including a six-speed transmission and what Honda termed as European styling which resembled the CB750F and CB900F . It was a popular model for Honda with 70,000 bikes sold in the UK alone .
Engine
The Super Dream was fitted with a four stroke , air-cooled , twin-cylinder engine . It had three valves per cylinder , two inlets and one exhaust , operated by a chain-driven overhead camshaft . Ignition was provided by capacitor discharge ignition ( CDI ) . It had a 360° crank layout similar to many traditional British parallel twins , but with two balance shafts to reduce unwanted vibrations . It used a six-speed transmission and chain final drive . Fuelling was provided by twin Keihin carburettors .
CB250N
The CB250N Super Dream was a motorbike . It was a popular model in the United Kingdom due to the licensing laws at the time allowing learners to ride any motorbike with a capacity under 250cc . The CB250N was the most popular selling bike in the UK with over 17000 bikes sold in 1980 alone . Its popularity in the United Kingdom waned along with many in the 250cc class when in 1983 , the maximum size of learner machines was reduced to .
During its production run it had several variations from 1978 to 1986 . The various designations were , CB250N ( 1978–1979 ) , CB250NA ( 1980 ) , CB250NB/NDB Deluxe ( 1981 ) and CB250NDC ( 1982–1985 ) and CB250NDD ( 1983–1986 ) .
CB400N
The CB400N Super Dream was very similar to the 250N variant . However , it differed from the 250N with its larger engine capacity , twin front brake discs and a halogen front headlight . The instrumentation had different markings for the rev counter and speedometer to reflect the higher top speed and lower RPM redline .
The CB400N had several revisions during its production run . The launch model CB400N ( 1979–1980 ) , CB400NA ( 1980–1981 ) , CB400NB ( 1981–1983 ) , CB400NC ( 1982–1985 ) and CB400ND ( 1983–1986 ) .
References
CB250N
Standard motorcycles
Motorcycles introduced in 1978
Motorcycles powered by straight-twin engines
Victor M. Longstreet ( January 1 , 1907 – February 5 , 2000 ) was an economist and at one time the president of the Boston Consulting Group . From 1962 to 1965 , they were United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy ( Financial Management and Comptroller ) .
Biography
Victor M. Longstreet was born and raised in Louisville , Kentucky , and graduated from duPont Manual High School in 1925 . They were educated in economics at Harvard University , taking their degree magna cum laude in 1930 .
Their first job after graduating was working as an economist at AT & T . They later took a job as an economist at the Federal Reserve Board . During World War II , they served in the United States Army .
After the war , Longstreet joined the United States Department of State 's economic development division . In 1948 , they joined the Economic Cooperation Administration and worked in their office in the Netherlands , and later Paris , until 1952 . Upon returning to the U.S. , in the mid-1950s , they became vice president and manager of the Louisville branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis . Next , they left the public sector to become director of management research at Schering Corporation .
In 1962 , President of the United States John F. Kennedy nominated Longstreet as Assistant Secretary of the Navy ( Financial Management and Comptroller ) , and Longstreet subsequently held this office from September 14 , 1962 until December 31 , 1965 .
In the later 1960s , Longstreet began a career as a management consultant , joining International Management Group of Boston as an associate director . They later moved to the Boston Consulting Group and served as its chairperson .
Longstreet retired to Bethesda , Maryland , and died there of pneumonia on February 5 , 2000 , at the age of 94 .
Selected publications
Victor M. Longstreet , `` Investments and Liquidity of Member Banks During 1939 , '' Federal Reserve Bulletin , April 1940 , pp . 293–297 .
Victor M. Longstreet , `` Bank Lending for Defense , '' Federal Reserve Bulletin , September 1941 , pp . 866–874 .
Victor M. Longstreet , `` Management R & D , '' Harvard Business Review , July–August 1961 , pp . 125–134 .
Victor M. Longstreet , Financial Control in Multi-National Companies , 1971 .
References
Obituary in The Washington Post , February 16 , 2000
The Victor M. Longstreet Papers at the Harry S. Truman Library & Museum
2000 deaths
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Navy
Businesspeople from Louisville , Kentucky
Harvard University alumni
DuPont Manual High School alumni
1907 births
20th-century American businesspeople
David Lindsay , 11th Earl of Crawford ( 1547 ? –1607 ) was a Scottish nobleman and privy councilor .
Life
They were the eldest son of David Lindsay , 10th Earl of Crawford , by Margaret , daughter of Cardinal Beaton and Marion Ogilvy , and was born about 1547 . They were one of five sons , the others being : Sir Henry Lindsay of Kinfauns , to be the thirteenth earl ; Sir John of Ballinscho ; Alexander Lindsay , 1st Lord Spynie ; and James . The 10th earl had also a daughter , Helen , married to Sir David Lindsay , Lord Edzell .
The 11th earl had a reputation for extravagance , was francophile , and of uncertain religious views . On 17 March 1577–8 they became involved in an affray which resulted in the death of their hereditary enemy , the Lord-chancellor Glamis . The two lords being in attendance on the king at Stirling happened , with their followers , to meet ; they made way for each other , and ordered their followers to do the same , but the hindmost came to blows . In the fray the chancellor was shot dead , and the blame of the murder was assigned by many to Crawford . David Hume of Godscroft wrote that Crawford was a good shot and Glamis presented an easy target as they were so tall .
Crawford was sent a prisoner to Edinburgh Castle , but on 14 June was permitted to pass to their house at Cairnie in Fife on giving sureties again to enter into ward on fifteen days ' notice . For their failure to act on this arrangement on 5 March 1579 , their sureties , David Lindsay of Edzell and Patrick Lindsay , 6th Lord Lindsay were fined , and on 1 September they gave caution in £20,000 for their appearance at the Tolbooth of Edinburgh on 3 November . According to Sir James Balfour , they were found innocent ; and on 5 November they signed a band , under pain of £10,000 , not to molest Thomas Lyon of Balduckie , Master of Glamis , and tutor or guardian of the young heir , Patrick Lyon , 9th Lord Glamis .
Not long afterwards the earl went over to France in company with George Gordon , 6th Earl of Huntly , having on 7 December obtained a license to go abroad for three years . They returned to Scotland before the last day of February 1581 , when they renewed the band for the non-molestation of the tutor of Glamis .
Ruthven
Crawford was one of those who , in 1582 , assembled at St Andrews in support of the king after their escape from Ruthven . Shortly afterwards they were chosen master stabler to the king , and , against the wishes of the inhabitants of Dundee , was made provost of the town . On the Earl of Arran 's return to power in August of this year they became one of their main supporters , and at the parliament held on the 22nd , they carried the sword . They were one of those who , on 14 November , convoyed the young Duke of Lennox from Leith where they had landed from France , to the king at Kinneil . They took part in the trial of William Ruthven , 1st Earl of Gowrie in May 1584 , and after the earl 's forfeiture , received from the king the barony and regality of Scone and the church lands of Abernethy . With the king and Arran they were seized in Stirling Castle by the banished lords on 1 November , and for a short time was committed to the charge of Lord Hamilton at Kinneil .
Isobel Morris , a servant of Helen Huntar , the wife of Alan Lentroun in St Andrews , stated that the `` Lord of Crawfurd '' was in bed with Huntar when Lentroun returned from their voyages in 1585 . They were also said to have committed adultery with the earl 's brother , Alexander Lindsay .
They were at the reconciliation banquet at Holyrood House in May 1587 , and in the procession on the following day walked arm in arm with their hereditary enemy , the Master of Glamis ; but these ceremonies were empty gestures . Having been converted to the Catholic faith by the Jesuit William Crichton , they were concerned along with Lord Claud Hamilton , Huntly and Francis Hay , 9th Earl of Erroll in a correspondence with Spain in reference to a Spanish invasion of England ; and they were also associated with other schemes of the Catholic nobles . In the spring of 1589 , they and Huntly appeared in arms at Perth and shortly afterwards waylaid the treasurer Glamis , whom for some time they kept in captivity in the north . From Perth they proceeded northwards to the bridge of Dee ; but on the appearance of the king with a greatly inferior force , they disbanded their troops .
Crawford delivered themselves up at Edinburgh on 20 May 1589 , asserting that Huntly had beguiled them into the belief that they had a commission from the king for gathering their forces . They were on the 21st convicted of treason , and sentenced to be confined in St Andrews Castle of during the king 's pleasure ; they received their release in the following September . They possibly then went to France , but in any case was in Scotland by 3 February 1591 , when they were present at a meeting of the privy council . Their attendance at the council continued during subsequent years , as did their feuds with Lord Glamis .
They died before 15 October 1607 at Cupar , Fife , and was buried at Dundee .
Family
They married first Lilias , one of `` seven bonnie sisters '' , daughters of David , Lord Drummond . According to the old ballad of Earl Crawford , they separated from Lilias on account of a jest of theirs in reference to the paternity of a son . By their second wife , Griselda Stewart , daughter of John Stewart , 4th Earl of Atholl , they had four children : David , James , Claude and Agnes .
References
Attribution
1540s births
1607 deaths
Earls of Crawford
David
GPAC may refer to
Geelong Arts Centre ( formerly Geelong Performing Arts Centre ) , an arts centre in Geelong , Victoria , Australia
General purpose analog computer , a mathematical model of analog computers
GPAC Project on Advanced Content , an open source multimedia framework for research and academic purposes
Great Plains Athletic Conference , a college athletic conference in the United States
See also
GCAP ( disambiguation )
GenderPAC , a gay/lesbian/transgender political action committee based in Washington , D.C .
Lancelot du Lac is a 1974 French fantasy drama film written and directed by Robert Bresson . It retells the story of Lancelot and Guinevere 's love as Camelot and the Round Table fall apart . It is based on Arthurian legend and medieval romances , especially the Lancelot-Grail cycle , and the works of Chrétien de Troyes .
In common with Bresson 's later films , the cast was composed of amateur actors , several of whom did not appear in any other film . Bresson 's direction demanded a purposeful lack of emotion in the acting style , and reduced or eliminated the fantastical elements of the Grail legend . While much of the production is intentionally stylised as Medieval `` Romance '' , the film is punctuated with moments of graphic violence .
Plot summary
King Arthur has sent out 100 knights to retrieve the Holy Grail . Arthur is dismayed when it turns out that the mission was futile and 70 knights have died in its course . Among those who have returned is Lancelot , the lover of Queen Guinevere . Soon Lancelot again takes part in a tournament . There they get injured . While Lancelot seeks recovery in their own castle , Arthur learns about their wife 's affair and , heavily agitated by Mordred , they put Queen Guinevere in prison . With Lancelot 's help they break out . Arthur starts immediately a campaign against the castle where the lovers were looking for shelter . During the siege Lancelot happens to kill their old mate Gawain . Driven by sorrow they try to end the fight and wants to negotiate a treaty with King Arthur . When they witness how Mordred commits an attempt on Arthur they join without hesitating the side of the king . In the final scene , many knights , among whom Arthur , lie dead or wounded after the battle . Lancelot , wounded himself , utters Guinevere 's name before falling over .
Cast
Luc Simon as Lancelot du Lac
Laura Duke Condominas as Queen Guinevere
Humbert Balsan as Gauvain ( Gawain )
Vladimir Antolek-Oresek as King Arthur
Patrick Bernhard as Mordred
Arthur De Montalembert as Lionel
Charles Balsan
Christian Schlumberger
Joseph-Patrick Le Quidre
Jean-Paul Leperlier
Marie-Louise Buffet
Marie-Gabrielle Cartron
Antoine Rabaud
Jean-Marie Becar
Guy de Bernis
Production
The film was shot from the end of June to the start of September 1973 in Noirmoutier-en-l'Île .
It was shot on 35 mm color film with an aspect ratio of 1.66 : 1 .
Release
The film premiered at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival in May 1974 , followed by its theatrical release in France on 26 September 1974 . It had its world television premiere in West Germany on 4 May 1974 .
Reception
The film was well-received among critics , currently holding a 95 % `` fresh '' rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 16 reviews .
It was Michael Haneke 's second-place choice in the 2002 Sight & Sound poll of the greatest films ever made .
The film won the FIPRESCI Prize at the 1974 Cannes Film Festival .
David Lowery cites this movie as one of the inspirations behind The Green Knight , the adaption of the Arthurian legend , Sir Gawain and the Green Knight .
See also
List of films based on Arthurian legend
References
External links
1974 films
French fantasy drama films
1970s French-language films
Films directed by Robert Bresson
Films set in England
Films set in the 6th century
Arthurian films
Films scored by Philippe Sarde
1970s fantasy drama films
Films based on works by Chrétien de Troyes
1974 drama films
1970s French films
U.S. Route 97 ( US 97 ) is a major north–south route of the United States Numbered Highway System in the Pacific Northwest region . It runs for approximately through the states of California , Oregon , and Washington , primarily serving interior areas on the east side of the Cascade Mountains . The highway terminates to the south at a junction with Interstate 5 ( I-5 ) in Weed , California , and to the north at the Canadian border near Osoyoos , British Columbia , where it becomes British Columbia Highway 97 . Major cities on the US 97 corridor include Klamath Falls , Bend , and Redmond in Oregon ; and Yakima , Ellensburg , and Wenatchee in Washington . A portion of the highway in California and Oregon is part of the Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway .
The highway was designated in 1926 as part of the original United States Numbered Highway System , replacing a set of routes designated by the state governments of Oregon and Washington . US 97 was extended into California in the 1930s and realigned several times in the 20th and 21st centuries .
Route description
California
US 97 begins at an interchange with I-5 in Weed , California , near Mount Shasta at the northern edge of the state . The highway travels northeast around Weed and into Shasta–Trinity National Forest , passing several lava fields as it ascends the northwest side of Mount Shasta . It turns east at Haystack Butte and travels around Deer Mountain , crossing the shore of Grass Lake and serving a rest area . After another series of turns , US 97 reaches its highest point in California at Mount Hebron Summit , above mean sea level .
The highway descends from Mount Hebron and leaves the national forest to travel northeast across the Butte Valley , a rural area with few settlements . After passing through the town of Macdoel , US 97 bisects a portion of the Butte Valley National Grassland and passes through a border inspection station operated by the California Department of Food and Agriculture near Dorris . The highway passes through Dorris on a series of city streets and continues northeast to cross into Oregon near a junction with California State Route 161 northwest of Indian Tom Lake . The California portion of US 97 is approximately long and lies entirely within Siskiyou County . It is also part of the Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway system , which continues south from Weed towards Lassen Peak .
Oregon
US 97 travels northeast along the Klamath River from the California state line to Klamath Falls . It bypasses the city to the west on an expressway and has a business route to serve downtown Klamath Falls . The highway continues north , first along the east shore of Upper Klamath Lake and later to the east of Crater Lake , through the dry forests of the eastern Cascade Mountains . US 97 is directly connected to Crater Lake National Park via Oregon Route 62 and Oregon Route 138 .
The highway travels northeast , following the Deschutes River through La Pine and to the Newberry National Volcanic Monument , where it passes over the Lava River Cave and travels around Lava Butte . US 97 expands into an expressway near the butte and turns north as it approaches Bend , the largest city in Central Oregon . The highway travels through Bend on the Bend Parkway , a four-lane expressway bypass that is supplemented by a parallel business route to the east . The business route is also used by US 20 , which US 97 intersects twice north of downtown Bend .
US 97 continues northeast from Bend as a divided highway through Redmond , where it reverts to a two-lane highway . It travels north across the Crooked River National Grassland to Madras , where the highway is concurrent with US 26 and splits into a pair of one-way streets . US 97 continues northeast from Madras through a series of canyons to a junction with US 197 , its sole auxiliary route . The two highways travel parallel to each other on opposite sides of the Deschutes River canyon , with US 197 to the west serving The Dalles and US 97 to the east passing through the sparsely-populated area between Shaniko and Wasco . From Wasco , the highway turns northwest to descend to the Columbia River Gorge , intersecting I-84 and US 30 at Biggs Junction . Immediately after the interchange , US 97 crosses the Sam Hill Memorial Bridge into Washington .
Under Oregon 's named highway system , US 97 is designated as part of The Dalles–California Highway No . 4 between California and US 197 and Sherman Highway No . 42 from US 197 to the Columbia River . It is described as Oregon 's most important highway east of the Cascades and serves as an alternate trucking route to the I-5 corridor . The southernmost section between the California state line and Klamath Falls is part of the Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway , which continues to Crater Lake ; the northernmost section between Shaniko and Biggs Junction is part of the Journey Through Time Scenic Byway , which continues east through John Day Fossil Beds National Monument .
Washington
The highway enters Washington at Maryhill , a community on the north side of the Columbia River that is home to a state park and Stonehenge replica . US 97 climbs from the river and briefly turns west on State Route 14 ( SR 14 ) before continuing north over the Columbia Hills . The highway passes Goldendale and Goldendale Observatory State Park before turning northeast to cross the Simcoe Mountains via Satus Pass , located above sea level .
US 97 then traverses part of the Yakama Indian Reservation with shrub–steppe land that lies between the Simcoe Mountains and Toppenish Ridge . After crossing the latter , the highway descends into the Yakima Valley , passing through farmland and vineyards . US 97 then turns northwest at a junction with SR 22 in Toppenish and travels through Wapato before leaving the Yakima Indian Reservation and merging with I-82 and US 12 at Union Gap .
Now part of the freeway , US 97 runs north along the Yakima River through Union Gap and neighboring Yakima , where US 12 splits . The freeway then travels northeast over the Umtanum and Manastash ridges to reach the Kittitas Valley . I-82 ends in Ellensburg at a junction with I-90 , which US 97 follows for before reverting to a two-lane road . The highway continues north into the Wenatchee Mountains ( part of the Cascades ) in Wenatchee National Forest and crosses Blewett Pass at above sea level . US 97 joins US 2 near Peshastin , traveling southeast on a divided highway along the Wenatchee River to the Wenatchee area .
The highway bypasses Wenatchee and crosses the Columbia River on the Richard Odabashian Bridge before turning north onto a two-lane road at a junction with SR 28 . US 2 and US 97 travel along the east bank of the Columbia River , opposite US 97 Alternate on the west side , to Orondo , where US 2 turns east . US 97 continues north and east along the river to Chelan Falls , where it crosses the Beebe Bridge and is rejoined by the alternate route near Chelan . The highway follows the west bank of the Columbia River to Brewster , where it turns north to continue along the Okanogan River . US 97 then becomes concurrent with SR 20 for as they bypass Okanogan and Omak and continue through the Okanogan Highlands . SR 20 turns east at Tonasket while US 97 continues north to the Canadian border near Oroville and Osoyoos , where it terminates and becomes British Columbia Highway 97 ( BC 97 ) . BC 97 continues through the British Columbia Interior and terminates at the Yukon border , eventually becoming part of the Alaska Highway .
History
US 97 was established as part of the initial United States Numbered Highway System , adopted by the American Association of State Highway Officials ( AASHO ) on November 11 , 1926 . It ran north from US 99 near Ashland , Oregon , to the Canadian border near Oroville , Washington , generally following the California-Banff Bee-Line ( an early auto trail ) through Oregon . The highway also used existing state roads that were designated in the 1910s by the Oregon and Washington governments , which had been partially paved . US 97 was extended south from Klamath Falls to Weed in 1935 . During World War II , US 97 formed the eastern boundary of a restricted military zone for Washington and Oregon created in March 1942 ahead of the mass internment of Japanese Americans .
The state of Washington built several bridges on the Columbia River in the 1960s to replace existing ferry crossings , including two on US 97 . The Sam Hill Memorial Bridge opened in 1962 to connect Biggs Junction , Oregon , with Maryhill , Washington , and operated as a toll bridge until 1975 . The Beebe Bridge opened near Chelan in 1963 , replacing a one-lane bridge , and was incorporated into US 97 with a realignment on the east side of the river that was approved in 1988 . The relocation also resulted in the creation of US 97 Alternate on the old route to the west of the Columbia River between Wenatchee and Chelan . The highway was also relocated in some areas to accommodate the construction of dams on the Columbia River , including the Rocky Reach Dam near Wenatchee .
Several sections of the highway were also replaced with expressways or other limited-access roads bypassing city centers beginning in the 1950s . US 97 was relocated onto the Klamath Falls bypass when it opened in November 1959 ; the section cost $ 1.8 million to construct . US 97 was relocated onto an arterial street east of Bend in 1962 , bypassing a congested section through downtown . The Okanogan and Omak sections were bypassed to the east by a new highway that opened in 1964 . US 97 was relocated onto I-82 between Union Gap and Ellensburg when the freeway opened in 1971 , bypassing downtown Yakima and the Yakima Canyon Highway ( which became State Route 821 ) .
A new route for US 97 through Bend , named the Bend Parkway , was proposed in the 1980s and opened in September 2001 , relocating of the highway onto an elevated expressway through the city that cost $ 113 million to construct . A full freeway or bypass of Bend was also considered , but they were rejected due to funding and space constraints . A bypass in Redmond was opened in April 2008 at a cost of $ 90 million , moving US 97 onto a limited-access road around the east side of downtown Redmond . Plans for other bypasses in La Pine and Madras , as well as four-laning the entire highway in Oregon , have been proposed but not funded by the state government . In 2013 , the cost of upgrading all of US 97 to a four-lane highway with limited access was estimated to be $ 10 billion .
Proposed Alaska expansion
An extension of US 97 to the state of Alaska was proposed in the 1950s and 1960s to promote the corridor as a continuous international highway . The Alaska International Rail and Highway Commission lobbied for the designation of US 97 from Fairbanks , Alaska , to Mexico City in the late 1950s ; they were followed by a 1960s proposal from the Okanogan Cariboo Trail Association for a longer corridor to complement the Pan-American Highway . Their proposal would also have US 97 continue west to terminate in Nome , Alaska .
AASHO formally approved the Alaska extension of US 97 in December 1964 , subject to the renumbering of highways in the Yukon Territory and British Columbia to match the `` 97 '' designation . The proposed extension would have followed Alaska Route 2 ( AK-2 ) from the Yukon border to Fairbanks , terminating at a junction with AK-3 . British Columbia had already renumbered its section to Highway 97 , but the Yukon Territory declined a request from the Alaska Department of Highways to renumber Yukon Highway 1 .
Major intersections
California
in Weed
Oregon
near Klamath Falls
in Bend
in Redmond
in Madras ; joined for approximately
near Shaniko
at Biggs Junction
Washington
in Maryhill ; joined for approximately
in Toppenish
near Union Gap ; joined with US 12 for approximately until Yakima and with I-82 for approximately until Ellensburg
in Yakima
near Ellensburg ; joined with I-90 for approximately
near Peshastin ; joined for approximately until Orondo
near Wenatchee
near East Wenatchee
near Chelan
near Okanogan ; joined for approximately until Tonasket
at the Canada–US border near Oroville
See also
Notes
References
External links
Endpoints of U.S. Highway 97
97
97
Lord Justice James may refer to :
William Milbourne James ( judge )
Arthur James ( judge )
See also
Justice James ( disambiguation )
Sweeny & Co Architects Inc. ( formerly known as Dermot Sweeny & Associates ( 1988–2005 ) , Sweeny Sterling Finlayson & Co Architects Inc. ( 2005–2014 ) ) is a Canadian architecture firm founded in 1988 by the architect Dermot Sweeny . The firm is based in Toronto , Canada , in which many of its work is found . The firm has a wide variety of projects ranging from commercial office towers , residential buildings , retail and hospitality interiors , institutional buildings to mixed-use developments .
History
In 1988 , architect Dermot Sweeny founded the architecture firm Dermot Sweeny & Associates in Toronto , Canada . The firm 's very first project was The Derby , initiated by Ron Thom 's Toronto office , located at 393 King Street East and Parliament . The Derby , built on the site of the former William Wright 's Inn , is a loft residential building . It was the first re-zoning of industrial land to residential and was used to promote `` Two-Kings '' policy by the former Toronto mayor Barbara Hall in the late 1990s .
In 2002 , the firm completed its first major office building , the Microsoft Canada Headquarters located in Mississauga , ON in collaboration with Adamson Associates . Three years later , in 2005 , the firm completed its second major office building project , the Loblaw Companies Ltd. Headquarters in Brampton , Ontario and experienced the largest internal growth from 12 to 22 employees .
In 2005 , Sterling Finlayson Architects , an architecture firm founded by Mark Sterling and Mary Jane Finlayson in 1996 , merged with Dermot Sweeny & Associates forming Sweeny Sterling Finlayson & Co Architects Inc. Five year later in 2010 , Sweeny Sterling Finlayson & Co Architects Inc. dissolved and the firm was rebranded claiming its current name the Sweeny & Co Architects Inc .
Sweeny & Co Architects Inc. , now has three principals , employs 60 people , and is known for design of adaptive reuse of heritage and existing buildings , office buildings , and large mixed use residential developments .
Founding Principal - Dermot Sweeny
Dermot Sweeny is the founding principal and current president of Sweeny & Co Architects Inc . They graduated from the University of Waterloo with a bachelor 's degree in Environmental Studies ( BES ‘ 81 ) in 1981 and bachelor 's degree in Architecture ( BArch ‘ 83 ) in 1983 . In 1988 , Sweeny began their own practice in Toronto , Canada the Dermot Sweeny & Associates , which later became Sweeny & Co . Architects Inc .
Dermot Sweeny has maintained their connection to their alma mater . They served as the president and vice-president of the University of Waterloo Advisory Council as well as Campaign Waterloo 's Cabinet Member . In 2007 , Dermot received a University of Waterloo 50th Anniversary Alumni Award ; a one-time prize that recognized the contributions and achievements of UW alumni . They served as Chair of the Environmental Studies Capital Campaign and was appointed to the University of Waterloo Senate from 2006 to 2010 .
Dermot grew up in a family business that designed and manufactured plastic and metal parts for industry . An environment of lathes , CNC machines and the work of the machinist was part of their upbringing . They have carried this technical knowledge and spirit of creation into their architectural work and has married it to the embedded belief that problems can be solved elegantly through invention from first principles . Dermot 's push for innovation has contributed to the reinvention of the office building in Canada . This started with 180 Duncan Mill Road in Toronto , an office retrofit pilot project that Dermot personally invested in to demonstrate to themselves and the development community that traditional
office building design had become formulaic and outdated . They wanted to prove that more comfortable and more sustainable solutions were practical and affordable and would support new ways of working . 180 Duncan Mill Road included exposed structure , operable windows and an early prototype of raised flooring with underfloor air distribution technology . Their ability to showcase this high performance office building with large open floorplates that supported changing workplace design led to the commission of the new Microsoft Canada Headquarters .
Dermot 's initiative to uncover creative ways to add value for clients while preserving the heritage fabric of the city has led to innovative solutions for building on constricted downtown sites . A theme of “ building over buildings ” has led to some of the more creative office solutions in Toronto through structural innovations that support new office space in the air above preserved historical buildings . This approach began with Queen-Richmond Centre West which has won numerous local and national awards . Beyond the demands of their architecture practice , Dermot has been active in the architectural community . Among their numerous contributions , they have been a speaker at the Urban Land Institute , a judge of University of Guelph Bachelor of Commerce in Real Estate and Housing student development projects , and a juror at the NAIOP Rex Awards for Green Buildings . They have recently
been featured in the film , “ The Arch ” , a documentary in which they speak on pressing issues in international architecture .
Notable projects
Queen Richmond Centre West ( 2015 )
The Queen Richmond Centre West , completed in 2015 , is a commercial building located at the intersection of Richmond Street West and Peter Street in Toronto , Ontario . Developed by Allied Properties Real Estate Investment Trust and designed by Sweeny & Co Architects Inc . The concept aims to preserve the existing brick buildings adjacent to each other while adding a new 12-story office tower perched at the top creating the iconic 24m tall L-shaped atrium . In order to achieve this feat , the team designed a massive table top structure supported by three giant “ delta frame ” steel columns which came down through the atrium with an additional of 8 concrete columns hidden within one of the existing brick buildings . The delta frame , which consists of four angled tubular columns connected at the midpoints , was an innovative design approach which provided the lateral stability needed to support the large complex structure . This project has won more than 16 prestigious design awards including the OAA Award for Design Excellence , RAIC National Urban Design Award for Urban Architecture , AIA 's R+D Award , Canadian Green Building Award , The Toronto Urban Design Award , and The ACO Paul Oberman Award for Adaptive Reuse .
TELUS House Toronto ( 2009 )
Located at the heart of downtown Toronto within the Financial District , the TELUS House Toronto , is a 30-story commercial glass tower completed in October 2009 . The development team of the projects includes managing partners Menkes Development Ltd. , Alcion Ventures and HOOPP Realty Inc. , with the collaboration of two architecture firms Sweeny & Co Architects Inc. and Adamson Associates as lead architects . The TELUS House Toronto has achieved the LEED Canada Platinum certification for Existing Buildings : Operations and Maintenance . Some of its sustainable features include advanced heating and cooling delivery through raised floor , deep-lake water cooling system , perimeter radiant panels as well as built-in blinds . The design of the building also focused on ensuring the wellness and comfort of its users by offering better access to natural light through the 11-foot floor-to-ceiling glass windows as well as individual workstation and airflow and temperature controls . The TELUS House Toronto have received multiple awards including the DC Award Bronze , Toronto Urban Design Award , OAA Award Design Excellence , BOMA Earth Award Office Building , and more .
Waterfront Innovation Centre ( under construction , 2021 )
The Waterfront Innovation Centre , which is currently under construction and is estimated to be completed by 2021 , is a project developed by Menkes Developments and commissioned by Waterfront Toronto .
Other projects
Selected Completed Portfolio
One York and Harbour Plaza Residences ( Toronto , 2017 )
Queen Richmond Centre West ( Toronto , 2015 )
Red Stone Winery ( Beamsville , 2015 )
RBC Centre ( Toronto , 2009 )
TELUS House Toronto ( Toronto , 2010 )
Microsoft Canada Headquarters ( Mississauga , 2005 )
180 Duncan Mill ( Toronto , 2002 )
BMW Group Canada Headquarters ( Richmond Hill )
Loblaw Companies Ltd. Headquarters ( Brampton )
11 Yorkville ( Toronto )
Portland Commons ( Toronto )
Waterfront Innovation Centre ( Toronto )
McLean Centre for Collaborative Discovery , McMaster University ( Hamilton )
References
Architecture firms of Canada
Ernest Samuel 'Sammy ' Ogg ( 1906-1969 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1920s and 1930s . They played in the NSWRFL Premiership for Sydney 's University club , whom they also captained .
Background
Ogg was born at Camperdown , New South Wales on 30 December 1906 .
Playing career
While obtaining their medical degree at Sydney University , they joined the University Rugby League team in 1925 and played a total of nine seasons with them between 1925 and 1933 . They played second row in the 1926 Grand Final loss to South Sydney .
They later went on to captain the team during their later years as a player . They played 118 first grade games , scoring 24 tries and kicking 18 goals during their career . Ogg is the record appearance holder for the University club . They claimed five Wooden Spoon 's whilst at University as the club struggled on the field for a number of years .
Post playing
Ogg became a doctor in Sydney and later the chief Coroner of New South Wales .
Death
Ogg died at Dover Heights , New South Wales on 8 July 1969 .
References
1906 births
Australian rugby league players
Sydney University rugby league team players
1969 deaths
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league players from Sydney
Sunday Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington . It is a tributary of the Green River .
Sunday Creek was first reached by railroad workers on Sunday , hence the name .
See also
List of rivers of Washington
References
Rivers of King County , Washington
Rivers of Washington ( state )
The 1980–81 Minnesota North Stars season was the North Stars ' 14th season . Although the North Stars finished the season with one less win and one less point than the previous year , they made a surprise appearance in the Stanley Cup Finals against the New York Islanders , which they lost 4 games to 1 .
Offseason
NHL Draft
Regular season
Season standings
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Skaters
Note : GP = Games played ; G = Goals ; A = Assists ; Pts = Points ; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note : GP = Games played ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; T = Ties ; SO = Shutouts ; GAA = Goals against average
Playoffs
Stanley Cup Finals
New York Islanders vs. Minnesota North Stars
New York wins the series 4–1 .
Awards and records
References
North Stars on Hockey Database
Minnesota North Stars seasons
Minnesota North Stars
Minnesota North Stars
Minn
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Twins
Cannon Fodder 3 is an action-strategy PC game developed and published – originally in Russia – by Game Factory Interactive ( GFI ) , along with developer Burut CT . The game is the second sequel to Cannon Fodder , a commercially and critically successful game released for multiple formats in 1993 . Jon Hare and their company Sensible Software , the developers of Cannon Fodder and its prior sequel , were uninvolved with Cannon Fodder 3 . GFI instead licensed the intellectual property from now-owner Codemasters .
The game is a combination of action and strategy involving a small number of soldiers battling enemy terrorists . The protagonists are heavily outnumbered and easily killed . The player must rely on strategy and heavy secondary weapons to overcome enemies , their vehicles and installations .
Cannon Fodder 3 was released in Russia in December 2011 and – via download service GamersGate – Europe and North America on 9 February 2012 , receiving mixed reviews . Reviewers found the game to be enjoyable but limited and repetitive . The graphics and humour received both positive and negative criticism . Critics derided the poor English translations as well as technical problems .
Overview
Cannon Fodder 3 has a basic premise involving American soldiers battling disparate terrorists who have united with the aim of world domination . Like the earlier games in the series , it features a mix of `` old school '' action and strategy gameplay viewed from an isometric perspective . The player directs a small squad of soldiers , primarily with the mouse though the keyboard is used to deploy additional weaponry . The control system - according PC PowerPlay - `` is very similar to ‘ twin-stick ' shooters like Geometry Wars , except here you control just one of the four soldiers while the others fall in line , shooting when the lead does '' . Each squad begins with four soldiers . They are fragile ( though , possessing health bars , are somewhat tougher than the protagonists of the originals ) , but increase in status and power should they survive ; the player is provided with a replacement squad should all their platoon die . The player can also split the squad into smaller units should strategy so require . The game has an online cooperative mode for up to four players , though Strategy Informer noted this mode is unpopular . As well as facing large numbers of equally frail enemy infantry , the player must combat vehicles , buildings and turrets which can not be destroyed with the standard machine guns . For this reason , the player must rely on explosive secondary weapons such as grenades and rockets , which are essential to destroy enemy structures and more powerful units . They can also make use of vehicles – such as tanks and helicopters – as well as various power-ups . The game features an extensively destructible environment and several settings , including the moon .
Development
Cannon Fodder 3 is the third installment in the Cannon Fodder series , the first two games of which – Cannon Fodder and Cannon Fodder 2 – were successful across multiple formats in the 1990s . Those games were created by Sensible Software led by Jon Hare ; Hare later worked on abortive sequels for both the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable , as well as planning a version for smartphones . However , the publisher Codemasters had acquired Sensible Software and its intellectual property . In 2008 Codemasters licensed Russian company Game Factory Interactive ( GFI ) – which had previously been involved in games such as The Precursors , Boiling Point : Road to Hell and White Gold : War in Paradise – to develop Cannon Fodder 3 . While English-language media reported on the development in January 2011 , GFI was initially permitted only to release the game in Russia and the Commonwealth of Independent States , with the possibility of a wider European or North American release initially unclear at the time . GFI , described as an `` unknown '' , or `` little-known '' company , published the game in Russia in December , with both GFI and Burut CT variously reported as developers . Eurogamer then reported that Codemasters had clarified the agreement between itself and GFI : Codemasters had reserved the option to publish the game in the UK , but ultimately declined . This allowed GFI to distribute the game out with Russia and dispelled the belief that GFI was not authorised to make such a release . The game was released via GamersGate , in Europe and North America , on 9 February 2012 .
GFI 's Oleg Lychaniy stated the developers attempted to retain the most appealing elements of the original Cannon Fodder while attracting new players . GFI also attempted to retain Cannon Fodder 's `` antimilitarist message '' and was most proud of the new destructible environment . The developers broadened the variety of weapons and vehicles and changed the level structure by adding sub-missions .
Reception
Richard Cobbet , writing in PC Gamer UK said `` just maybe , this is going too far '' , in reference to images of soldiers ' gory corpses cleared from the interface by windscreen wipers . The reviewer expressed bemusement at `` terrorists with robots and plasma guns '' antagonists , but reflected – in reference to Cannon Fodder 2 – `` still , could be worse . They could be time-travelling aliens again '' . They said the `` biggest issue '' is that a `` gung-ho '' approach to play is infeasible and that the `` precise and tactical '' approach faithful to earlier games in the series `` turns out to be a very different experience from before . Far less satisfying '' . This is due to the `` key problem '' of the ease with which enemy weapons such as rocket launcher-armed turrets can destroy the player 's soldiers . The player is thus forced `` to play with aching , paranoid care , picking away at base defences from as far away as possible , and rubbing up against the save points like a lovely cat finally reunited with its owner . This is not fun '' . They also complained about the arbitrary death inflicted by exploding barrels `` raining down over the entire screen '' . Cobbet summarised that the departure from the original game meant that Cannon Fodder 3 did not evoke nostalgia and was a `` poor substitute '' for other action or strategy games . On the other hand , they found the game `` admittedly nowhere near as frustrating '' as the original . They reflected that it `` does have a solid crack at updating the action for a new age , and it 's far from as bad as expected '' given its obscure development .
Liam Martin of Digital Spy noted that the variety of locations and weather effects added to the distinctiveness of individual levels . They praised the `` simple but effective '' , `` cartoonish '' and colorful visual style , the improved detail from the game 's predecessors along with the `` light-hearted tone '' and `` spectacular and bloody '' gore effects . They praised the destructible environments but thought the characters too small . They felt use of strategy to be `` limited '' but the action `` enormous amounts of explosive fun '' and enjoyed the gratification of destroying enemies and buildings with rifles and tanks . The writer found the game a `` little repetitive '' with a `` tendency to grate '' , which they blamed on somewhat tedious level design , a lack of variety in objectives , a poor camera and long loading times . The lack of a tutorial or mini-map proved sometimes confusing . They noted the `` welcome '' but limited on-line cooperative mode . Martin felt the game was `` best played in short bursts '' and summarised : `` Provided you 're not expecting a game with much depth or that 's oozing innovation , Cannon Fodder 3 proves that virtual war can still be a lot of fun '' .
Nathan Cocks of PC PowerPlay complained the need for secondary weapons proves frustrating : `` It is not uncommon to run out of the weapons needed for the job , forcing the player to engage in a tedious game of hide and seek as they scour the map in the hopes of finding another cache '' . They wrote : `` In fact , tedium is a frequent bedfellow in Cannon Fodder 3 '' , due to the lack of variety in the gameplay and mission objectives . They felt the player 's vehicles to be of limited effectiveness as is the ability to split the squad . Cocks complained of the game 's `` bargain basement production '' ruining the tone of the game due to low quality translations and voice acting , as well as numerous bugs causing problems with running the game , crashes , spawning and using vehicles . The reviewer acknowledged the `` wonderfully cartoony '' graphics , found the gory windscreen wipers `` amusing '' and wrote `` it 's all over-the-top explosive goodness and contributes a great deal to what little appeal is present '' . Cocks summarised : `` Cannon Fodder 3 is the ultimate coat-tail rider [ ... ] perhaps there is some nostalgic pleasure to be taken in this but for the most part , we suggest leaving well enough alone '' .
Strategy Informer felt the game had updated and improved upon the original , noting better controls , more forgiving health bars and save points , and more engaging mission goals . The reviewer criticised the poor translations and perceived borderline ethnic stereotypes in the enemy characters . Overall the reviewer was impressed by the game , saying `` in the end CF3 far exceeded my expectations '' . Metro had some praise for the graphics but complained of a lack of any fun and poor camera , controls and level design . The reviewer called the translated dialogue worse than that of Zero Wing . Greece 's PC Master praised the game as enjoyable and while somewhat repetitive , a successful update of the Cannon Fodder series . Czech website Games.cz criticised the game as a failure , with poor graphics , music , sound effects and immature , unimpressive humour , saying the game would only be worth buying at a lower price .
References
2011 video games
Anti-war video games
Shooter video games
Strategy video games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in Russia
Video games with isometric graphics
Windows games
Windows-only games
Action video games
Marginal Pinheiros ( officially SP-015 ) is a section of the highway that runs through the city of São Paulo , Brazil along the Pinheiros River . It is one of the most important roads in São Paulo , linking the north and south zones , though this east - west connection , beginning at the triple border of Campos Grande , Cidade Dutra and Socorro and ending at the border of Vila Leopoldina and Jaguaré .
It provides access to many important highways of the state of São Paulo , including the Anchieta Highway and the Imigrantes Highway via the Bandeirantes Avenue , the Raposo Tavares Highway and the Régis Bittencourt Highway via the Francisco Morato Avenue , and to the Castelo Branco highway via the Cebolão , a complex of accesses linking Marginal Pinheiros , Marginal Tietê and the asupervisorstioned highway . There are several bridges connecting each side of the river , such as the Octavio Frias de Oliveira bridge . Even though there are seven lanes on each side of the Marginal Pinheiros , in which 5 lanes are express to up 90 km/h and a local one with 3 lanes to up 60 km/h , it is still very common for traffic congestion to take place there . A CPTM Train line runs along both the river and the road .
Streets in São Paulo
Highways in São Paulo ( state )
TAFE NSW is an Australian vocational education and training provider . Annually , the network trains over 500,000 students in campus , workplace , online , or distance education methods of education . It was established as an independent statutory body under the TAFE Commission Act 1990 . The Minister for Regional Development , Skills and Small Business is responsible for TAFE NSW .
TAFE NSW awards qualifications as specified in the Australian Qualifications Framework ( AQF ) , and accredited to the Vocational Education and training ( VET ) . Qualifications awarded can also be attributed as partial credit towards bachelor 's degree-level studies in universities .
History
TAFE NSW has existed for over 130 years aiming to upskill the workforce of New South Wales . Demand for vocational education suffered during the early years of the Depression until a decision to expand training services was made to help decrease high unemployment rates by the mid 1930s . Growth also occurred in the industry after World War I and World War II in response to the need to support Australia 's war effort . It also played a part in transitioning the population back into civilian work post war .
The establishment of the Technical and Further Education Commission ( TAFEC ) alongside Commonwealth funding was a key historic moment – Technical Education then became known as TAFE and was established as its own educational body . Local education needs were then met by the regionalisation of community colleges to allow its expansion across the state .
2012–2015 : financial and attendance issues
Between 2012 and 2016 attendance at TAFE NSW campuses dropped by 83,000 students . In the same period , fees had increased substantially . In a bid to curb this reduction in attendance , 2016 fees were frozen at their 2015 level .
In September 2015 , a leaked document revealed the State government intended to close 27 sites in order to reduce costs and raise funds .
On Thursday 16 June 2016 , the NSW Government announced that the EBS4 student management system for TAFE would be scrapped . NSW Skills Minister , John Barilaro has directed TAFE NSW to develop a new system in time for the 2018 peak enrolment period . The EBS4 rollout for TAFE NSW resulted in extensive major problems with enrolments , inability to track student financial data and generate testamurs , and a project budget over run of approximately $ 100m .
Geographical areas
TAFE NSW comprises 130 campuses grouped by geographic area into ten Institutes :
TAFE NSW Hunter and Central Coast
TAFE NSW Illawarra ( including Karoona Gallery )
TAFE NSW New England
TAFE NSW North Coast
TAFE NSW Northern Sydney
TAFE NSW Riverina
TAFE NSW South Western Sydney
TAFE NSW Sydney Metro
TAFE NSW Western Sydney
TAFE NSW Western NSW
All TAFE NSW Institutes were united as one `` TAFE NSW '' registered training organisation from 1 January 2019 .
Campuses
Each institute has their own main campus , e.g . Newcastle Campus is the main campus of Hunter Institute . In addition to campuses , TAFE NSW provides specialised study spaces and facilities such as Hair Beauty Academy or the Hunter Valley Hotel Academy .
TAFE NSW 's online platforms have previously been named OTEN , TAFEnow and TAFE Online . Now known as TAFE Digital , it is Australia 's largest online education provider . It offers 250 industry courses across different industries .
TAFE NSW offers skills training for companies . Some of the training areas include leadership and management , business and administration , customer service , HR training , ICT , marketing and communications , and compliance .
Eora
TAFE NSW Eora , formerly the Eora Centre for the Visual and Performing Arts and then Eora College , is a campus of NSW Sydney Metro at Darlington . located on Abercrombie Street . It has been a centre for contemporary visual and performing arts and Aboriginal studies since it was established in July 1984 on Regent Street , Chippendale by Aboriginal playwright and screenwriter Bob Merritt . Merritt 's purpose was to provide training in the arts for Aboriginal students , as an alternative to NIDA and the Australian Film and Television School . They were supported in this by NSW Education Minister Rodney Cavalier and TAFE NSW , so the centre was able to offer an accredited three-year course . Another of Merritt 's goals was to provide an antidote to the despair they observed among Aboriginal young people living in Redfern , `` by engendering a renaissance of Aboriginal culture '' . As well as Merritt himself , established Aboriginal actors , writers and directors such as Bob Maza and Brian Syron , as well as non-Indigenous theatre professionals like George Ogilvie were appointed to the teaching staff . Prominent singer Jimmy Little worked at the centre in the 1980s .
Merritt was consultant producer on a documentary film about the centre , Eora Corroboree ( 1985 ) , the first in a series of documentaries called Black Futures , with David Gulpilil contributing to the soundtrack . The film earned an AWGIE nomination . The cast of Merritt 's feature film Short Changed , made in 1985 and released in 1986 , included EORA students .
By 1986 , Eora was a highly successful college , with more than 200 applicants vying for 70 places each year . It offered two streams : in the visual arts , there were classes in painting , photography , ceramics , and pottery , while dance and acting were taught in the performing arts stream .
In 1989 , funding was cut by the New South Wales Government , along with a directive to teach only guitar , and not didgeridoos and clapsticks .
In 1993 , lecturers from Eora travelled to 25 locations to offer a two-day course about Aboriginal culture to NSW Police , intended to improve relations between the police and Aboriginal people .
Past students include artist Harry Wedge , dancer Lillian Crombie , actor Trisha Morton-Thomas , singer/songwriter Emma Donovan , photographer Mervyn Bishop , and artist r e a .
Courses
Over 100,000 courses are offered annually . Some courses are available in different study formats , such as full-time , part-time , or online and distance learning .
Qualifications awarded :
Certificate I
Certificate II
Certificate III
Certificate IV
Advanced Diploma
Statement of Attainment
Associate Degree
Graduate Certificate
Graduate Diploma
TAFE Plus Statement
TAFE Statement
Diploma
Compliance
Bachelor 's degree
Higher School Certificate
TAFE Vocational Education and Training
The aim of the TAFE NSW delivered Vocational Education and Training ( TVET ) qualification is to allow high school students to be more prepared for work , while still being at high school . TVET courses are considered ‘ dual accredited ' , which means they count as units of study towards both a Higher School Certificate ( HSC ) , and a TVET qualification . All TVET subjects contribute towards a student 's HSC units , and have the same unit value as other HSC elective subjects . Some subjects may also contribute to a student 's Australian Tertiary Admission Rank ( ATAR ) for a university admission .
University pathways
University pathways are available to those seeking additional qualifications to enter University , would like to utilise practical training at TAFE NSW to reduce the time needed to study at University , and/or want to be work-ready with practical skills before the completion of a university degree .
TAFE NSW has more than 435 agreed higher education pathways via more than 80 nationally recognised courses .
International students
TAFE NSW offers work-related training courses , intensive English programs , and 300 approved and accredited courses for international students .
An International Student Coordinator is assigned to each international student . The coordinator 's duty includes meeting with them when they arrive at their designated campus , assisting with their orientation program , answering questions about their units , and helping them access support services .
Facilities , support and services
The institution provides students access to their libraries and other facilities , which include individual , group study and social spaces , access to computers , and photocopy and printing . Online libraries are also available to students 24/7 .
There are over 30,000 Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander students enrolled at TAFE NSW . The institution offers financial help to eligible Aboriginal students who live or work throughout New South Wales , or live in identified border postcodes . This includes scholarships , and financial help with travel , accommodation and meals . If eligible , Aboriginal students may be able to receive government financial help through ABSTUDY from Centrelink . To support Aboriginal students , Aboriginal support officers are available to help with enrolment , course selection , study support and employment opportunities .
TAFE NSW enrols a number of students with a disability , offering a range of support services . This includes counselling , helping students choose the right courses for them , identifying support and assessment modifications , and access to services such as disability assistants , adaptive technologies , and sign-language interpreters .
Students who are parents or caregivers have the opportunity to put their children in childcare facilities , which are provided at some TAFE NSW locations . If places are available , children can be enrolled as early as six weeks old up until they are five years of age .
TAFE NSW offers personal and vocational counselling that is free and confidential . Students are able to discuss any study or personal matters with a counsellor . When seeking advice on course and career choices , students are able to get assistance on job opportunities , CV writing , applications , and interview skills .
TAFE NSW provides multicultural services to students with Culturally and Linguistically Diverse ( CALD ) backgrounds . This includes learning support for students from non-English speaking backgrounds enrolled in mainstream vocational courses , and advice on Temporary Visa Holders ( TVH ) for enrolling students .
TAFE NSW is home to active student associations in the Central Coast , Illawarra , New England , North coast , Northern Sydney , Sydney and Western Sydney . These associations provide facilities and services for members , including social and cultural activities and events . They are furthermore non-political , and not-for-profit .
Funded by the Australian Government Department of Education and Training , TAFE NSW offers the Adult Migrant English Program ( AMEP ) , providing students up to 510 hours of free English lessons and childcare to newly arrived eligible migrants , and refugees .
The institution offers the Skills for Education and Employment ( SEE ) program , an Australian government initiative . The program aims to improve reading , writing and maths .
Centres of Excellence
TAFE NSW is home to many Centres of Excellence . these facilities included :
Aeroskills Centre
Allied Timber Trades Centre
Australian Patisserie Academy
Centre for Digital Media and Design
Centre for Inland Engineering
Children 's Services Centre
Cisco Academy Training Centre
Design Centre Enmore
Design Centre Hunter
Engineering Services
Equine Studies Centre
Fashion Design Studio ( FDS )
Floor Covering Centre
Forest Industry Training Centre
Glass and Glazing Centre
Grafton Music Centre
Hair and Beauty Academy
Health Services Building
High Performance Sports Hub
Hunter Valley Hotel Academy
Illawarra Mechanical Engineering Centre
Information and Communication Technology Centres
Macarthur Building Industry Skills Centre
Mining Skills Centre
Nepean Health Precinct
Newcastle Art School
Newcastle English Language Centre
Newcastle Hair & Beauty Academy
Newcastle Maritime Training Centre
Northern Beaches Community Health and Fitness Centre
Nursing Unit , Gunnedah
Polymer Processing Centre
Regional Institute of Performing Arts
Stonemasonry Centre
Sydney Health Precinct
Sydney Language Centre
Sydney Maritime Simulator
Sydney Media Centre
Sydney Wine and Coffee Academy
The Sydney Academy of Hair , Beauty and Make-up
TwentyTwenty Training Restaurant
Yallah Centre of Sustainability
See also
Technical and Further Education
References
External links
TAFE NSW website
1833 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions established in 1833
The creamy-bellied thrush ( Turdus amaurochalinus ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It occurs in a wide range of wooded habitats in a large part of central and eastern South America . It is generally common , even in human altered habitats such as gardens and parks . While the plumage varies from overall greyish to brownish , and the bill from dusky to yellow , adult creamy-breasted thrushes always have distinctive blackish lores . This separates it from other similar thrushes ( e.g . the pale-breasted thrush ) found in its range .
References
External links
creamy-bellied thrush
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
creamy-bellied thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Douglas O. ReVelle ( 7 December 1945 – 2 May 2010 ) was an American scientist , who worked for the Earth and Environmental Sciences Division of the Los Alamos National Laboratory .
Biography
ReVelle received their bachelor 's degree in meteorology and oceanography in 1968 , followed by a master 's degree in aeronomy and planetary atmospheres in 1970 and finally their doctorate in atmospheric science in 1974 . All of these degrees were from the department of atmospheric ocean and space sciences at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor . Their thesis work was about acoustics of meteors . They then became a post doctoral fellow at the Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics in Ottawa , and subsequently at the Carnegie Institution in Washington with George Wetherill at the Department of Terrestrial Magnetism . From 1994 to 2010 they worked as an atmospheric physicist in the Earth and Environmental Sciences Division of Los Alamos National Laboratory .
They studied in pioneering theoretical work the interaction of meteors and planetary atmospheres . They addressed in particular aerodynamics , ablation , meteor acoustics and infrasonic meteor observations . ReVelle died in 2010 due to complications of chemotherapy treatment for lymphoma .
An asteroid was named in their honor , 13358 Revelle , with the dedication : “ Douglas O. ReVelle , of the Los Alamos National Laboratory , is well known for their pioneering theoretical work in meteor physics and astronomy based on theoretical aerodynamics , in meteor acoustics and in the interpretation of infrasonic meteor observations . The name was suggested by Z. Ceplecha . ”
References
External links
Short biography
Obituary
In Memoria by Peter Brown in the Journal Meteoritics and Planetary Science ( Volume 45 , Issue 5 , pp . 911-912 )
1945 births
2010 deaths
University of Michigan alumni
American meteorologists
American oceanographers
Al-Mansur II Muhammad was the Ayyubid emir of Hama 1244–1284 , son of al-Muzaffar II Mahmud and grandson of al-Mansur I Muhammad . They were the great-great grandson of Saladin 's brother Nur ad-Din Shahanshah . Their mother was Ghaziya Khatun .
Early years
Al Mansur came to the throne at a time when the Egyptian Sultan As-Salih Ayyub was consolidating their power . In spring 1247 As-Salih Ayyub set out for Syria where they met emir Al-Ashraf Musa of Homs as well as Al Mansur . Both were young - Al-Ashraf Musa was eighteen and Al Mansur was just twelve - and new on their thrones . As-Salih Ayyub campaigned against their rival An-Nasir Yusuf of Aleppo but returned to Egypt to confront a new Crusader threat in 1249 . Shortly afterwards they died . Their son and successor Al-Muazzam Turanshah did not long outlive them and in 1250 the Ayyubid dynasty was overthrown in Egypt by the Bahri mamluks .
Threats from Mamluks and Mongols
The effect of this coup in Egypt was to make An-Nasir Yusuf of Aleppo the senior Ayyubid ruler , and Al Mansur joined the other minor emirs in the army they assembled to invade Egypt . The Ayyubid army went down to a disastrous defeat at Al-Salihiyya outside Cairo . This exposed An-Nasir and all of the other emirs who had supported them to the dangers of a Mamluk invasion of Syria , and in the following years the Mamluks steadily expanded their power over Palestine and the southern portions of Syria . At the same time , the Mongols were emerging as a serious threat in the East , and took Baghdad in 1258 . In September 1259 ( Ramadan 657 ) Hulagu Khan launched their long-awaited invasion of Syria . Crossing the Euphrates , Hulagu first laid siege to Aleppo in January 1260 ( Safar 658 ) , which unwisely declined their offer to let it surrender . The Mongols stormed the city after a brief siege , and laid waste to it without mercy . Needing no further warning , Al-Mansur sent an embassy to Hulagu to plead for the lives and livelihoods of the people of Hama . Hulagu agreed to spare the city , and sent a Persian official named Khusraushah to rule the city as their viceregent .
The other Ayyubid emirates in Syria all quickly submitted to the Mongols around the same time , although they continued to scheme with each other and with the Mamluks to try and organise a military coalition to drive the Mongols back . Al-Mansur was closely allied with An-Nasir Yusuf , ruler of Damascus , who fled before the Mongols arrived and headed for Egypt with Al-Mansur in attendance , where they now hoped to form an alliance with the Mamluks to drive the Mongols out and restore themselves to paramountcy in Syria . However , as they approached the encampment of the Mamluk general Qutuz they began to mistrust them and lost faith in the alliance they had proposed . Cornered between the Mongols heading south and the Mamluks heading north , they entrusted their family to Al-Mansur , handed over command of their troops to him , and directed them to join Qutuz in their camp . An-Nasir themselves with their brother and son remained behind and they were captured by Mongol skirmishers and sent back to Hulagu as a prisoner .
Mamluk Restoration
In obeying Am-Nasir Yusuf and joining the Mamluk army , Al-Mansur took a decisive step which was to restore them to Hama , albeit under Mamluk suzerainty . The Mamluk army headed north to Ain Jalut where they inflicted a decisive defeat on the Mongols , turning back their invasion in a way which was almost unprecedented in the Mongol experience . Al Mansur served with distinction during the battle , and was restored to their domains in Hama as a Mamluk vassal . Their loyalty thereafter to the Mamluks meant that while the other Ayyubid states were gradually absorbed by them over the next few years , Hama remained under Ayyubid rule until 1341 , longer than any other Syrian city .
Al Mansur ruled until 1284 , when they were succeeded by their son Al-Muzaffar III Mahmud . Al Mansur 's sister was betrothed to the Mamluk Faris ad-Din Aktai who was murdered by the Mamluk Sultan Aybak because they were too much of a threat to their rule .
References
1284 deaths
13th-century Ayyubid rulers
Ayyubid emirs of Hama
Sunni Muslims
Medieval child rulers
Year of birth unknown
13th-century people of the Mamluk Sultanate
Ježevica ( ) is a village in the municipality of Čačak , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 1,278 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Henry Nixon Flanaghan ( 10 February 1896 – 1938 ) was an English professional footballer who played as an outside left in the Football League for Grimsby Town and in the Scottish League for Third Lanark and Aberdeen .
References
1896 births
1938 deaths
Footballers from Nottingham
English footballers
Association football wingers
Third Lanark A.C. players
Aberdeen F.C . players
Maidstone United F.C . ( 1897 ) players
Grimsby Town F.C . players
Denaby United F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Hugh I ( est . 885-930 ) ( fl . early tenth century ) , called Venator ( Latin for the Hunter ) , was the first Lord of Lusignan . They are mentioned in the Chronicle of Saint-Maixent . It has been hypothesised that they were the huntsman , ( 'Le Veneur ' in their native French ) , of either the Count of Poitou or the Bishop of Poitiers on the basis of their epithet . The fact that in later years the Lusignans held the forest from the east of their castle from the Bishop of Poitiers suggest that they held their office from that prelate . They were in turn succeeded by their son , Hugh II Carus who built the Castle of Lusignan .
Hugh I may be the inspiration of the Raymond of Poitou character in The Romans of Partenay or of Lusignen : Otherwise known as the Tale of Melusine .
Sources
Painter , Sidney . `` The Lords of Lusignan in the Eleventh and Twelfth Centuries . '' Speculum , Vol . 32 , No . 1 . ( Jan. , 1957 ) , pp 27–47 .
House of Lusignan
10th-century French nobility
Vijayanagara Sri Krishnadevaraya University , Ballari , ( VSKU ) is a public university established in 2010 by the Government of Karnataka in Ballari district of Karnataka , India through the Karnataka State Universities Act , 2000 . It has been named after Krishnadevaraya , former emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire . VSKU previously was a post graduate center of Gulbarga University , Kalaburagi and later become independent university in the year 2010 . Recently VSKU has celebrated its Decennial ceremony on 27 July 2020 .
VSKU has jurisdiction of three districts : Ballari , Koppal and Vijayanagara district . It has three post graduate centers , the main campus Jnana Sagara is at Vinayaka Nagar , Ballari which is spread at about 95.37 acres , houses all the key administrative departments of the university as well as 19 post graduate departments with 21 post graduate programmes . Among three post graduate centers one of the center is located at Nandihalli in Sandur tehsil of Ballari district which currently offers 10 post graduate programs . Another two campuses were started at Koppal ( Established in 2016 ) and Yelburga ( Established in 2017 ) tehsil , both in Koppal district , offering 10 and 7 post graduate programs respectively .
History
Departments of Pure Sciences and Technology
Department of Biochemistry
Department of Biotechnology
Department of Botany
Department of Chemistry
Department of Industrial Chemistry
Department of Computer Science
Department of Mathematics
Department of Physics
Department of Zoology
Departments of Social Sciences and Humanities
▪️Department of History and Archeology
▪️Department of Political science
▪️Department of Sociology
▪️Department of Journalism and Mass communication
▪️Department of MSW
Departments of Language Studies
▪️Department of English
Post graduate centers
Post Graduate from Center Koppal ( PGCK )
Post Graduate from Center Nandihalli ( PGCN ) Sandur
Post Graduate from Center Yelburga ( PGCY )
Library
References
External links
Official Website
Universities in Karnataka
Education in Bellary
Universities and colleges in Bellary district
Educational institutions established in 2010
2010 establishments in Karnataka
Gornji Banjani is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 227 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Baraeus gabonicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1961 . It is known from Gabon .
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1961
Sharon Lee is an American Democratic politician from New York City . From January 2020 until December 2020 , they served as the acting borough president of Queens .
Political career
Lee was appointed deputy borough president in November 2018 . Lee took over as borough president from Melinda Katz in January 2020 , who was elected Queens District Attorney in 2019 . Lee oversaw the borough 's response to the COVID-19 pandemic in New York City . Lee opposes cuts in healthcare spending . They did not run for reelection .
References
Living people
Queens borough presidents
Women in New York ( state ) politics
New York ( state ) Democrats
Politicians from New York City
People from Queens , New York
American women of Korean descent in politics
Asian-American people in New York ( state ) politics
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Public prosecutor 's offices are criminal justice bodies attached to the judiciary .
They are separate from the courts in Germany , Austria and the German-speaking parts of Switzerland , and are called the Staatsanwaltschaft .
This kind of office also exists in Mainland China , Taiwan and Macau ( which continues to follow the Portuguese legal system ) , and in some countries in Central Europe including Slovakia , Slovenia , Poland and the Czech Republic .
See also
Prosecution
Parquet ( legal )
Public prosecutor 's office ( Germany )
Public Prosecutors Office ( Japan )
Public Prosecutors Office ( Brazil )
Public Prosecutors Office ( Honduras )
Crown Prosecution Service
External links
Eurojustice Report on Germany
Eurojustice Report on Austria
Law enforcement
Prosecution
Alena Fomina and Valentina Ivakhnenko were the defending champions , but lost in the semifinals to Georgina García Pérez and Sara Sorribes Tormo .
Lucie Hradecká and Andreja Klepač won the title , defeating García Pérez and Sorribes Tormo in the final , 7–5 , 3–6 , [ 10–8 ] .
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Main Draw
Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge - Doubles
Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge
2019 in Emirati tennis
The rufescent darkeye ( Tephrozosterops stalkeri ) , also known as the bicoloured white-eye , is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae . It is monotypic within the genus Tephrozosterops . It is endemic to the island of Seram in Indonesia . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
rufescent darkeye
Birds of Seram
Endemic fauna of Seram Island
rufescent darkeye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2000–01 Columbus Blue Jackets season was the Blue Jackets ' first season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) after the city of Columbus , Ohio , was awarded an expansion team in 1997 . The Blue Jackets finished 13th in the Conference and fifth in the Division . Thus , they were unable to qualify for the 2001 Stanley Cup playoffs .
Off-season
The team would be named the Blue Jackets , as it was chosen to celebrate `` patriotism , pride and the rich Civil War history in the state of Ohio and the city of Columbus '' . The Jackets would join the Central Division in the Western Conference .
The club would name Doug MacLean as general manager . MacLean had previously been the head coach of the Florida Panthers , leading the team to the Stanley Cup Finals in 1996 . MacLean hired Dave King as the head coach of the Jackets . King had previously been the head coach of the Calgary Flames from 1992 to 1995 , and was an assistant on the Montreal Canadiens from 1997 to 1999 .
On June 23 , 2000 , the Blue Jackets and their expansion cousins , the Minnesota Wild , participated in the 2000 NHL Expansion Draft in Calgary . Columbus selected goaltender Rick Tabaracci with their first pick . The following day on June 24 , Columbus would participate in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft , and selected Rostislav Klesla with the fourth overall pick .
Regular season
On October 7 , 2000 , Columbus would play in their first game ever , losing 5–3 to the Chicago Blackhawks at Nationwide Arena . Bruce Gardiner scored the first goal in franchise history . On October 14 , the Blue Jackets became part of hockey history . In a loss against the Colorado Avalanche , goaltender Patrick Roy tied Terry Sawchuk for most career wins by a goaltender . The Blue Jackets would win their first ever game on October 12 , defeating the Calgary Flames 3–2 at the Pengrowth Saddledome . Columbus would win its first home game on October 27 , defeating the visiting Washington Capitals 3–1 .
The Blue Jackets , like most expansion teams , would struggle throughout the season , and would finish the year 11 games under .500 , with a 28–39–9–6 record , earning 71 points , 19 points behind the Vancouver Canucks for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference .
Geoff Sanderson would lead the Jackets with 30 goals and 56 points , while Espen Knutsen would lead Columbus with 44 assists . Steve Heinze was having a solid season , scoring 22 goals and 42 points , before being dealt to the Buffalo Sabres at the trade deadline . Jamie Heward led the blue line , scoring 11 goals and 27 points , while Deron Quint would score 7 goals and 23 points . Tyler Wright led the club with 140 penalty minutes .
Ron Tugnutt would get the majority of action in the Blue Jackets net , playing in 53 games , and tying a career high with 22 wins . Tugnutt would record a 2.44 goals against average ( GAA ) , .917 save percentage and four shutouts . Marc Denis backed up Tugnutt , winning six games and recording a 3.25 GAA .
Season standings
Schedule and results
Green background indicates a win .
Red background indicates a regulation loss .
Yellow background indicates an overtime loss .
White background indicates a tie .
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Transactions
Trades
Draft picks
Columbus ' draft picks at the 2000 NHL Entry Draft .
Expansion draft picks
Columbus ' expansion draft picks at the 2000 NHL Expansion Draft .
References
SHRP Sports
The Internet Hockey Database
National Hockey League Guide & Record Book 2007
Columbus
Columbus Blue Jackets seasons
Col
Blue
Blue
Pablo Osvaldo Vázquez ( born 1 January 1984 in Rosario ) is an Argentinian retired football striker .
Club career
Vázquez began their career in their native Rosario playing for lower division team Argentino . In 2004 , they relocated to Peru to play for Coronel Bolognesi . The following year they returned to Argentina to and join Club Atlético Estudiantes from Buenos Aires , then they played for Central Córdoba and later they did for Villa Mitre . In 2007 , they finally played in the Argentine first division with their hometown club Newell 's . After a year with the leprosos , they transferred to Nueva Chicago where they played until the end of the 2008 calendar .
In 2009 , they emigrated to Bolivia and joined The Strongest by request of team manager and fellow countryman Julio César Toresani .
Poli Timişoara
The goalscorer of Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano signed a 1-year loan agreement with FC Timişoara .
They did n't adapt to the life in Romania and returned to their Club Strongest .
References
External links
Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
Futbol Mercado
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Rosario , Santa Fe
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Coronel Bolognesi footballers
Estudiantes de Buenos Aires footballers
Newell 's Old Boys footballers
Nueva Chicago footballers
Central Córdoba de Rosario footballers
The Strongest players
Club Real Potosí players
C.D . Cuenca footballers
C.D . Olimpia players
Chilean Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Expatriate footballers in Peru
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Peru
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Bolivia
Expatriate footballers in Honduras
Argentino de Rosario footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Honduras
Jonne Halttunen ( born 13 December 1985 ) is a Finnish rally co-driver . Currently , they are the co-driver of Kalle Rovanperä , driving the Toyota GR Yaris Rally1 . Previously , they represented Škoda Motorsport to participate in the World Rally Championship-2 Pro category .
Rally career
Halttunen made their debut at 2011 Rally Finland . In 2017 , they started to cooperate with the young Finn Kalle Rovanperä in the WRC-2 class . They won the class victory as well as scored their first career points just in their second rally in Australia . They won their second and third category victory at 2018 Wales Rally GB and 2018 Rally Catalunya respectively .
In 2019 , they were promoted to the newly-created World Rally Championship-2 Pro category . Having won in Chile and Portugal , the crew led the championship by three points .
Rally victories
WRC victories
WRC-2 victories
WRC-2 Pro victories
Career results
WRC results
* Season still in progress .
WRC-2 results
WRC-2 Pro results
References
External links
Jonne Halttunen 's e-wrc profile
1985 births
Living people
Finnish rally co-drivers
World Rally Championship co-drivers
Ceracanthia alturasiana is a species of snout moth . It was described by Herbert H. Neunzig and Maria Alma Solis in 2002 and is known from Costa Rica .
References
Moths described in 2002
Phycitinae
Morphine ( ) is a 2008 Russian film directed by Aleksei Balabanov , using the script by Sergei Bodrov Jr. , based on the semi-autobiographical short stories by Mikhail Bulgakov .
Plot
The film takes place in late autumn and early winter of 1917 during the events of the October Revolution and the beginning of the Russian Civil War . A young Russian doctor called Mikhail Polyakov ( Leonid Bichevin ) arrives at a small hospital in a remote village in Yaroslavl Governorate . Having freshly graduated from medical school , with little experience , they are the only doctor in the rural district . They work hard , earning the respect of their small staff ( one paramedic and two nurses ) .
After an allergic reaction to a diphtheria vaccination , they have their nurse Anna give them morphine to negate the effects . Gradually they slip into addiction .
Soundtrack
Songs performed by Alexander Vertinsky '' Tango Magnolia '' , `` Snow Lullaby '' , `` Cocainetka '' were used in the soundtrack of the film .
Awards
At the 2009 Russian Guild of Film Critics Awards Aleksei Balabanov received the prize Best Director .
See also
A Young Doctor 's Notebook , 2012–13 Sky Arts television adaptation of the same Bulgakov stories
Aleksei Balabanov , director of Morphine
References
External links
Official film website
2008 films
2008 drama films
Russian drama films
Films directed by Aleksei Balabanov
Films about drugs
Films about physicians
Films based on short fiction
Films based on works by Mikhail Bulgakov
Films set in 1917
Films set in Russia
Films shot in Yaroslavl Oblast
Medical-themed films
Russian Revolution films
George Figg ( 13 June 1824 – 20 July 1888 ) was an English cricketer . Figg was a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm roundarm medium . They were born at Horsham , Sussex .
Figg made a single first-class appearance for Middlesex against Surrey at Lord 's in 1850 . Figg failed to score any runs or take any wickets during the match . Fifteen years later , Figg made a second first-class appearance , this time for Sussex against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge . They made nine further first-class appearances for Sussex , the last of which came against Kent in 1866 . In their ten first-class appearances for the county , they took 38 wickets at an average of 18.47 , with best figures of 6/42 . One of three five wicket hauls they took , their best figures came against Kent in 1865 . With the bat , they scored 77 runs at a batting average of 7.00 , with a high score of 26 not out .
They died at the town of their birth on 20 July 1888 .
References
External links
George Figg at ESPNcricinfo
George Figg at CricketArchive
1824 births
1888 deaths
People from Horsham
English cricketers
Middlesex cricketers
Sussex cricketers
The Breguet 16 was a bomber biplane produced in France toward the end of World War I .
Design and development
The design of the Breguet 16 was essentially a scaled-up version of Breguet 's highly successful 14 — a conventionally configured biplane with two-bay , unstaggered , equal-span wings . Trials in 1918 proved promising , and mass production by several French manufacturers , under licence from Breguet , was planned for 1919 . These plans were discarded upon the Armistice , but more limited production was revived in the early 1920s as the French Air Force began a programme of modernisation .
Operational history
In service , the single-engine Breguet 16 was used to replace obsolete twin-engine Farman F.50s in the night bomber role as the Bre.16Bn.2 . Some of the 200 aircraft built were deployed to Syria and Morocco , and Breguet also managed to sell some to the military air arms of China and Czechoslovakia . A single Breguet 16 was acquired by the Portuguese Air Force in 1924 for an attempted flight between Portugal and Macau , but the attempt failed , with the aircraft being destroyed in a forced landing in India .
Variants
Bre.16Bn.2
Night bomber version .
Operators
Chinese Nationalist Air Force
Czech Air Force
French Air Force
Portuguese Air Force
Specifications
References
Notes
Bibliography
Taylor , John W. R. and Jean Alexander . Combat Aircraft of the World . New York : G.P . Putnam 's Sons , 1969. .
Taylor , Michael J. H. Jane 's Encyclopedia of Aviation . London : Studio Editions , 1989. .
World Aircraft Information Files . London : Bright Star Publishing , File 890 , Sheet 80–81 .
1910s French bomber aircraft
0016
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Biplanes with negative stagger
Aircraft first flown in 1918
Duke Casimir V of Pomerania ( or , counting differently , Casimir VI ; after 1380 – 13 April 1435 ) was a member of the House of Griffins and a Duke of Pomerania . They ruled in Pomerania-Stettin together with their brother Otto II from 1413 to 1428 . After 1428 , they ruled Pomerania-Stettin alone .
Life
Casimir V was the youngest son of Duke Swantibor III of ( 1351–1413 ) , who ruled Pomerania-Stettin alone . Their older brothers were Otto II ( born : c. 1380 – died 1428 ) and Albert ( died before 1412 ) .
Their father made them leader of the Pomeranian contingent who took part in the Battle of Tannenberg ( 1410 ) on the side of the Teutonic Order . The battle was won by the Polish , who took Casimir prisoner . They were released soon afterwards . In the Battle of Kremmer Damm ( 1412 ) , Casimir and their older brother Otto II fought against Brandenburg .
After Duke Swantibors 's death in 1413 , Casimir and their older brother Otto II jointly ruled Pomerania-Stettin . The war with Brandenburg continued . In 1415 , Elector Frederick I of Brandenburg convinced King Sigismund to outlaw Otto II and Casimir V. They also called the imperial immediacy of Pomerania in question . In 1417 , Sigismund enfeoffed Otto and Casimir , but this was conditional on any rights Brandenburg might have on Pomerania . In 1424 , Casimir visited Sigismund in Buda in Hungary . Otto and Casimir were then enfeoffed unconditionally .
After Otto II died childless in 1428 , Casimir ruled Pomerania-Stettin alone . They suppressed a revolt in the city of Szczecin . They ordered the execution of the ringleaders , the city had to pay a steep fine and resign from the Hanseatic League .
Casimir V died in 1435 and was buried in the Otten Church in Stettin . Their son Joachim the Younger succeeded them as ruler of Pomerania-Stettin .
Marriage and issue
Duke Casimir V. was married twice . Their first wife was Catherine , the daughter of Duke Bernard I of Brunswick-Lüneburg . From this marriage , they had three children :
Joachim the Elder ( died before 1424 )
Joachim the Younger ( born after 1424 – died in 1451 ) ; married Elisabeth of Brandenburg , Duchess of Pomerania , and had a son , Otto III , Duke of Pomerania
Anna ( died after 1447 ) , married John V of Mecklenburg-Schwerin
After Catherine 's death they married Elisabeth , a daughter of Duke Eric I of Brunswick-Grubenhagen . From this marriage , they had a daughter :
Margaret ( born : c. 1439 ) , married count Albert III of Lindow-Ruppin
After Duke Casimir 's death , their widow Elisabeth became Abbess of Gandersheim .
Numeral
The counting of the rulers of the House of Griffins has always been complicated . From time immemorial there exists an imbalance , which causes some confusion . The modern numbering counts only the members of the main line of the House of Griffins . Under that system , the subject of this article is Casimir V. If one also takes into account cadet branch of the Swantiborides , which was common in the older literature , they would be Casimir VI .
Ancestors
See also
House of Griffins
List of Dukes of Pomerania
References and sources
Martin Wehrmann : Genealogie des pommerschen Herzogshauses . Verlag Leon Sauniers Buchhandlung , Stettin 1937 , pp . 70–71 .
Martin Wehrmann : Geschichte von Pommern . vol 2 , second edition , Verlag Friedrich Andreas Perthes , Gotha 1921 . ( reprinted : Augsburg , 1992 , )
Footnotes
Dukes of Pomerania
14th-century German nobility
15th-century German nobility
1435 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Loosley Row is a hamlet in the civil parish of Lacey Green , Buckinghamshire , England . It is located in the Chiltern Hills to the east of the main town of Princes Risborough . In the 2011 Census , the population was recorded in the Lacey Green Parish , which included Speen , parts of Walter 's Ash , and Lacey Green , with a combined population of 2,559 .
The hamlet sits on a west-facing chalk escarpment , that stretches to north-eastwards to Coombe Hill .
History
The hamlet name derives from the Old English hlose-leah , and means 'pigstye-clearing ' . It is often said that the hamlet was named after the Loosley family but it is , in fact , the other way round - the family was named after the place .
The Domesday book talks of the large number of pigs at ( Princes ) Risborough . Pigs were often found in clearings at the edges of the woods , the animals allowed to wander through sectioned areas of the woods . The row of piggeries in the lea of the woods became the start of a settlement called Loosley Row . Loosley Row stretched from Brimmer 's Farm , east of Princes Risborough , round the side of the hill to the hamlet we know today . It included Wardrobes farm and Wardrobes House . The old township of Loosley Row , stretched over to Bledlow Ridge , across what is now the A4010 road .
The underlying geology consists of chalk which typifies the area around Princes Risborough . Loosley Row sits as the south end of a chalk escarpment that runs south-westwards from Coombe Hill to Loosley Row and affords good views of the Vale of Aylesbury to the west .
The hamlet used to have a chapel , a school , a village store , a bakery and a post office , but these have all now been closed ( the school was shut down in 1916 ) . The hamlet also has a dried up parish well , which is situated on what is claimed to be the smallest patch of common land in the Chilterns . A forge , which lends its name to Foundry Lane through the hamlet , still operates in Loosley Row . It has created some of the bus shelters seen on the road through Lacey Green from Princes Risborough .
Notable people
The television astronomer , Heather Couper , lived in the hamlet .
References
Sources
External links
Lacey Green and Loosley Row website
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Wycombe District
Galhyeon-dong is a dong , neighbourhood of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul , South Korea .
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Galhyeon 1-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
| tries = { { # expr :
+ 7 + 5 + 8 + 7 + 11 + 11 + 9
+ 6 + 6 + 5 + 4 + 5 + 6 + 7
+ 13 + 5 + 5 + 9 + 13 + 3 + 7
+ 2 + 5 + 7 + 9 + 9 + 6 + 5
} }
| top point scorer = 81 – Richard Hayes ( Rotherham Titans )
| top try scorer = 5 – Benjamin Gregory ( Fylde ) Thomas Grimes ( Fylde ) Andrew Riley ( Sedgley Park )
| prevseason = 2021–22
| nextseason = 2023–24
} }
The 2022–23 National League 2 North is the 35th season of the fourth tier ( north ) of the English domestic rugby union competitions . Hull is the current champions and are promoted to National League 1 .
Structure
The league consists of fourteen teams ande each play the others on a home and away basis , to make a total of 28 matches each . The champions are promoted to National League 1 . The RFU will release details of relegation in the summer .
The results of the matches contribute points to the league as follows :
4 points are awarded for a win
2 points are awarded for a draw
0 points are awarded for a loss , however
1 losing ( bonus ) point is awarded to a team that loses a match by 7 points or fewer
1 additional ( bonus ) point is awarded to a team scoring 4 tries or more in a match .
Participating teams and locations
League table
Fixtures & results
Fixtures for the season were announced by the RFU on 13 June 2022 .
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
References
External links
NCA Rugby
2022–23
4N
4N
`` For You '' is a song written and recorded by Bruce Springsteen in 1972 for their debut album Greetings from Asbury Park , N.J. , released in 1973 . It was later included on the compilation album The Essential Bruce Springsteen . The song has been covered by Manfred Mann 's Earth Band , The Format , and Greg Kihn .
Lyrics and music
`` For You '' was recorded at 914 Sound Studios in Blauvelt , New York on June 27 , 1972 , the same day as the rest of the album except `` Blinded by the Light '' and `` Spirit in the Night '' . Musicians participating in these sessions included future E Street Band members David Sancious , Garry Tallent and Vini Lopez . It is a climactic , percussion-driven song . Unlike many other songs on Springsteen 's debut album , it takes the time to pace and build .
The lyrics are about a woman who has attempted suicide . They do not need the singer 's `` urgency '' even though their life is `` one long emergency '' as Springsteen sings in the chorus ( along with `` and your cloud line urges me , and my electric surges free '' ) . The singer is committed to doing anything to save her , and admires their ability to hang on . Once again , the lyrics are evocative of images and not details , and little can be said in description .
In many live concerts , including the critically acclaimed Hammersmith Odeon London '75 , Bruce transformed the song into a tender piano ballad without accompaniment .
Cover versions
Greg Kihn version
The song was also covered by Greg Kihn on their 1977 album Greg Kihn Again . Kihn 's cover received favorable comments from Springsteen . It was also included on the compilation album Best of Kihn .
Manfred Mann 's Earth Band version
Like `` Blinded By The Light '' ( on The Roaring Silence ) and `` Spirits in the Night '' ( on Nightingales & Bombers ) , this song was covered by Manfred Mann 's Earth Band for their album Chance . As with Manfred Mann Earth Band 's previous Springsteen covers , they used a more forceful , rockier sound in `` For You '' than Springsteen did . The Earth Band version built from a more temperate beginning to an explosion of sound in the bridge , and incorporates five guitars and a keyboard solo by Manfred Mann 3/4 of the way into the song . The song was also included on the compilation albums The Best of Manfred Mann 's Earth Band and Blinded by the Light & Other Hits . However , the single release did not achieve the success of their other Springsteen covers .
Other cover versions
This song was also covered by The Format for the Springsteen tribute album Light of Day . This version was also included on their B-Sides & Rarities album .
In 2005 The Disco Boys produced a dance version of the song , sampling the Manfred Mann 's Earth Band cover .
Personnel
According to authors Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon :
Bruce Springsteen – vocals , acoustic guitar
Vini `` Mad Dog '' Lopez – drums
Garry Tallent – bass
David Sancious – piano , organ
Technical
Mike Appel – producer
Jim Cretecos – producer
Louis Lahav – recording engineer
References
1973 songs
Songs written by Bruce Springsteen
Bruce Springsteen songs
Greg Kihn songs
Manfred Mann songs
Songs about suicide
Song recordings produced by Mike Appel
In 1992 it was the Centenary year of the New Zealand Rugby Football Union and the All Blacks played three tests against a World XV
First Test
Second Test
Third Test
References
New Zealand national rugby union team matches
1992 in New Zealand rugby union
World XV matches
Sugita ( written : ) is a Japanese surname . Notable people with the surname include :
, Japanese women 's footballer
, Japanese poet
Kaoru Sugita ( born 1964 ) , Japanese actor , singer , and celebrity
, Japanese basketball player
, Japanese Paralympic swimmer
Mio Sugita , ( born 1967 ) , Japanese politician
Motoshi Sugita ( born 1951 ) , Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party
Sugita Genpaku ( 1733–1817 ) , Japanese scholar who was known for their translation of Kaitai Shinsho ( New Book of Anatomy )
, Japanese sport shooter
Tomokazu Sugita ( born 1980 ) , Japanese voice actor
Yūichi Sugita ( born 1988 ) , Japanese tennis player
Yukiya Sugita ( born 1993 ) , Japanese footballer
See also
Sugita Station ( Kanagawa ) , located in Isogo Ward , Yokohama , Japan
Shin-Sugita Station , located in Isogo Ward , Yokohama , Japan
Project Sugita Genpaku , project that aims to translate free content texts into Japanese
Japanese-language surnames
Thomas Henry Thornton CSI ( 1832 - 10 March 1913 ) was an English Indian Civil Servant , judge and author of two notable British Raj biographies .
Biography
Thomas Henry Thornton was born in 1832 , the son of a Times journalist , and educated at Merchant Taylors ' School and read Classics and Modern history at St John 's College , Oxford , at which they were afterwards a fellow .
In 1855 , Thornton entered the Indian Civil Service in the last few years of the East India Company as one of the first officers selected by competition . They were posted to the Punjab and played a small but distinguished role in the Indian Rebellion of 1857 , noted in Roberts Forty-one Years in India . Thornton had been returning from a visit to Philour fort , north of Ludhiana , as part of their work for George Ricketts , the Deputy Commissioner , when they came upon Indian soldiers of that fort and Jalandhar ( Jullunder ) marching in revolt on Ludhiana . Rather than return to the fort for protection , they rode on , cut the cables of a bridge of boats over the Sutlej River , and continued to Ludhiana to raise the alarm .
In 1864 , at the comparatively young age of 32 , they were appointed Secretary to the Punjab Government , a post they held for 12 years . They filled Charles Umpherston Aitchison 's foreign secretary post during the former 's furloughs back to the UK . Thornton assumed responsibility for the organisation of the 1877 Delhi Durbar , the success of which , together with their service to date , led to the conferring on them of the award of Companion of the Order of the Star of India . However Thornton and Aitchison were both identified as proteges of John Lawrence , 1st Baron Lawrence , the Viceroy of India from 1864 to 1869 , whose policies were opposed by Robert Bulwer-Lytton , 1st Earl of Lytton , Viceroy from 1876 to 1880 . Aitchison transferred to Burma , and Thornton was passed over for promotion into Aitchison 's vacant role . They now became a judge in the Punjab Chief Court and a member of the Legislative Council , retiring in 1881 after the completion of 25-years of colonial service , at the very early age of 49 .
In their long retirement , they wrote two well-regarded biographies of key British India figures , Robert Groves Sandeman and Richard John Meade . They were a member and sometime chairperson of the Wandsworth magistrates bench , and vice-president of The Asiatic Society at the time of their death .
Archives
A selection of Thornton 's letters is held at the Cadbury Research Library , University of Birmingham .
Works
General Sir Richard Meade and the Feudatory States of Central and Southern India ( 1898 )
Colonel Sir Robert Sandeman : Their Life and Work on Our Indian Frontier ( 1895 )
Historical Note , in Goulding , Henry Raynor & Thornton , Thomas Henry , Old Lahore : Reminiscences of a Resident ( 1924 )
References
1832 births
1913 deaths
People educated at Merchant Taylors ' School , Northwood
Alumni of St John 's College , Oxford
Fellows of St John 's College , Oxford
Indian civil servants
British India judges
English justices of the peace
Fellows of the Royal Asiatic Society
Cobbs Creek is an unincorporated community in Mathews County , Virginia , United States . Cobbs Creek is located on Virginia Route 198 northwest of Mathews . Cobbs Creek has a post office with ZIP code 23035 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Mathews County , Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Vujetinci is a village in the municipality of Čačak , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 395 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Frank Bamenye Bizoza ( born 23 October 2001 ) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mjøndalen IF .
Born in Tanzania to Burundian parents , Bamenye migrated to Norway at the age of 2 . Hailing from Drammen club Skiold , they went to Mjøndalen as a junior and made their senior debut in August 2019 against Kristiansund .
References
1997 births
Living people
People from Kigoma Region
Tanzanian people of Burundian descent
Tanzanian emigrants to Norway
Naturalised citizens of Norway
Sportspeople from Drammen
Norwegian footballers
Association football midfielders
Mjøndalen IF players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian people of Burundian descent
Dabaishu ( ) is a station on the Shanghai Metro Line 3 . The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to .
Until October 2006 , it was known as East Wenshui Road station ( ) , which could be confused with station on Line 1 . The name was changed according to the new convention to name metro stations after famous streets or sights nearby rather than the vertical street neighbouring the station , making it easier for visitors to find these places .
Places nearby
Dabaishu Industry and Trading Center
References
External links
Three Metro station names will be changed ( Shanghai Daily )
Line 3 , Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Hongkou District
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
The 1895 Greensburg Athletic Association season was their sixth season in existence . The team finished 9–1–1 .
Schedule
Game notes
References
Greensburg Athletic Association
Greensburg Athletic Association seasons
Greensburg Athletic Association
The Climax is a 1930 American thriller film directed by Renaud Hoffman and written by Lillian Ducey , Julien Josephson , Leslie Mason and Clarence Thompson . The film is adapted from the play of the same name by Edward Locke . The Climax stars Jean Hersholt , Kathryn Crawford , LeRoy Mason , John Reinhardt and Henry Armetta . The film was released on January 26 , 1930 , by Universal Pictures .
Cast
Jean Hersholt as Luigi Golfanti
Kathryn Crawford as Adella Golfanti
LeRoy Mason as Dr. Gardoni
John Reinhardt as Pietro Golfanti
Henry Armetta as Anton Donatelli
References
Citations
Sources
External links
1930 films
1930s English-language films
American thriller films
1930s thriller films
Universal Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Renaud Hoffman
1930s American films
Piacenza Calcio recorded their best ever finish in the top echelon of Italian football , finishing 12th in Serie A , but just two points above the relegation zone . This was in spite of key players Pasquale Luiso ( Vicenza ) and Eusebio Di Francesco ( Roma ) leaving the club before the season began .
Squad
Goalkeepers
Matteo Sereni
Sergio Marcon
Defenders
Mirko Conte
Daniele Delli Carri
Marco Rossi
Cleto Polonia
Stefano Sacchetti
Pietro Vierchowod
Roberto Bordin
Daniele Cozzi
Andrea Tagliaferri
Midfielders
Renato Buso
Marco Piovanelli
Alessandro Mazzola
Giuseppe Scienza
Giovanni Stroppa
Aladino Valoti
Fabian Valtolina
Luca Matteassi
Paolo Tramezzani
Gianpietro Piovani
Attackers
Simone Inzaghi
Davide Dionigi
Roberto Murgita
Massimo Rastelli
Francesco Zerbini
Gabriele Ballotta
Serie A
Matches
Top scorers
Davide Dionigi 5 ( 2 )
Roberto Murgita 5
Gianpietro Piovani 5 ( 2 )
Giuseppe Scienza 3
References
Sources
RSSSF - Italy Championship 1997/98
Piacenza Calcio 1919 seasons
Piacenza
R v Smith , [ 1987 ] 1 S.C.R . 1045 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision . The Court struck down a mandatory seven-year sentence requirement for the importation of drugs as a violation of the right against cruel and unusual punishment contrary to section 12 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
Background
Edward Smith , a twenty-seven-year-old man with multiple convictions for drug-related offences , was arriving back in Canada from Bolivia . At customs they were searched and the officers found over seven ounces of cocaine . They were convicted of importing drugs under the Narcotics Control Act and sentenced to eight years . The Act had required a minimum sentence of seven years regardless of the amount found . The provision was challenged on the basis that it violated the Charter .
The issue before the Supreme Court of Canada was whether the mandatory minimum sentence of seven years under section 5 ( 2 ) of the Narcotics Control Act infringe section 7 , 9 , and 12 of the Charter .
Opinion of the Court
Justice Lamer , writing for the majority , held that the sentencing provision violated section 12 of the Charter . They noted that when it came to mandatory sentencing it is very important that deference be given except where it is grossly disproportionate . To assess the provision the court should consider both the gravity of the offence , the particular facts of the case , and the offender 's personal characteristics . The characteristics are particularly important . Lamer speculated that even a young person caught bringing a single joint across the border will be subject to the sentencing provision . This , said Lamer , would subject the first time offender to cruel and unusual punishment .
On applying the section 1 test to the violation , it was found that the provision was rationally connected to the pressing objective of deterring drugs importation , but it failed to be proportional . Thus , it was struck down .
Dissent
Justice McIntyre , on dissent , objected on a number of grounds . They did not like Lamer 's speculation of the first time offender . Smith was a multiple offender and had imported enough narcotics that it was not cruel and unusual to sentence them for over seven years . The standard for cruel and unusual punishment should be based on public outrage and the degradation of the offenders dignity , none of which was found .
See also
List of Supreme Court of Canada cases ( Dickson Court )
External links
case summary from mapleleafweb.com
Canadian criminal case law
Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
1987 in Canadian case law
Thomas Vigner Christiansen Haaland ( 29 August 1859 - 15 July 1913 ) was a Norwegian politician .
Born in Torvestad , they worked as a banker and ship-owner for the most of their career .
They were a member of Haugesund city council , serving as mayor in 1900 , 1902 , 1903 and 1910 . They served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament during the term 1904–1906 , representing the Moderate Liberal Party , and in 1907–1909 for the Coalition Party .
References
1859 births
1913 deaths
Deputy members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Rogaland
Moderate Liberal Party politicians
Coalition Party ( Norway ) politicians
Norwegian bankers
People from Haugesund
Barbara Visser ( born 16 August 1977 ) is a Croatian-Dutch politician of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) . From 31 August 2021 to 10 January 2022 , they served as Minister of Infrastructure and Water Management of the Netherlands in the third Rutte cabinet . They previously served as State Secretary for Defence from 26 October 2017 to 31 August 2021 .
Career
Visser began their political career in 2006 as a member of the municipal council of Zaanstad . In 2010 , they vacated their seat to become an alderman . Them portfolio included economic affairs , tourism , employment and social integration .
They were elected into the Dutch House of Representatives in the 2012 general election . Visser left the House of Representatives on 26 October 2017 , when they were appointed State Secretary for Defence in the third Rutte cabinet .
Personal life
Visser was born in Šibenik in the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia ( present-day Croatia ) into a mixed Croatian-Dutch family . They currently live in Zaandam , North Holland .
References
External links
Drs . B . ( Barbara ) Visser on Parlement.com
1977 births
Living people
Aldermen in North Holland
Croatian emigrants to the Netherlands
Dutch management consultants
Dutch people of Croatian descent
Members of the House of Representatives ( Netherlands )
Ministers of Infrastructure of the Netherlands
Ministers of Water Management of the Netherlands
Municipal councillors in North Holland
People from Šibenik
People from Zaanstad
People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
State Secretaries for Defence of the Netherlands
Women government ministers of the Netherlands
21st-century Dutch civil servants
21st-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch women politicians
Fausto Radici ( 24 September 1953 – 14 April 2002 ) was an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics .
Biography
They finished 7th in the slalom race at the 1976 Winter Olympics . They were an Italian Champion in slalom in 1974 . In the World Cup they won two slalom races : 5 January 1976 at Garmisch-Partenkirchen , and 19 December 1976 , at Madonna di Campiglio . They were married to alpine ski racer Elena Matous . On 14 April 2002 , they committed suicide by shooting themselves in a woodshed in Peia .
References
External links
1953 births
2002 suicides
Italian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Italy
Alpine skiers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Universiade medalists in alpine skiing
Universiade gold medalists for Italy
Competitors at the 1975 Winter Universiade
Suicides by firearm in Italy
Sportspeople from Bergamo
Morowali Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia . It covers an area of 5,472 km2 and the districts now within the regency had a combined population of 102,228 at the 2010 Census ; the regency population at the 2020 Census was 161,727 ; the official estimate as at mid 2021 was 167,810 . The administrative centre is at the town of Bungku . The Regency includes the far-flung Menui Islands ( Kepulauan Menui ) , lying to the southwest of the rest of the province .
History
In 1999 , Morowali Regency was created out of a portion of Poso Regency . It was composed of the southeastern fourteen districts of the former Poso Regency .
In 2013 this Morowali Regency was in turn divided into two Regencies . The seven northernmost districts were split off to form a new North Morowali Regency ( Morowali Utara ) . The seven southernmost districts were retained as the residual Morowali Regency , although two additional districts were created by the division of existing ones .
Economy
Morowali Regency contains rich deposits of high-quality nickel , a vital material needed to manufacture lithium batteries . Starting in the 2010s and into the 2020s , the thriving nickel industry in Morowali has resulted in a large increase in the region 's GDP ( 300 % increase between 2013 and 2019 ) , but the expansion of the extraction industry has also caused environmental degradation . From 2014 to 2020 , over US $ 6.5 billion in foreign direct investment has flowed into the construction of nickel smelters and other downstream processing activities in Morowali Regency . Morowali is the site of an industrial park , the Morowali Industrial Park , specifically earmarked for refining activities . In Morowali , GDP more than tripled in just six years from Rp 6.9 trillion ( US $ 480 million ) in 2013 to Rp 24.3 trillion ( US $ 1.7 billion ) in 2019 , almost all of it driven by investment in downstream nickel processing . As of 2021 , the largest foreign investors were American , Chinese , and Japanese companies , while the government of Indonesia is attempting to build a domestic battery industry .
Administrative districts
The Morowali Regency was divided ( following the creation of the separate North Morowali Regency in 2013 ) into seven districts ( kecamatan ) , but two further districts ( Bungku Pesisir and Bungku Timur ) were later created . These are all tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census , together with the official estimates as at mid 2021 . The table also includes the location of the district headquarters , the numbers of administrative villages ( rural desa and urban kelurahan ) in each district , and its postal codes .
Notes : ( a ) partly on Sulawesi island ( and comprising the most southeastern part of the province ) , but also including 42 islands mainly to the southeast of the rest of the province . The largest are Menui Island and the two Padui Islands . ( b ) the 2010 populations of Bungku Pesisir District and Bungku Timur District are included in the figures for the Districts from which they were cut out in 2013 .
References
Regencies of Central Sulawesi
Richard Martin Werner ( 21 January 1903 – 2 October 1949 ) was a German sculptor and medalist . Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Werner 's last important work was the design of the reverse of the West-German 50 Pfennig coin . They never saw this popular coin in circulation , because of their early death in October 1949 , just before this coin was issued for the first time by Bank deutscher Länder .
References
1903 births
1949 deaths
20th-century German sculptors
20th-century German male artists
German male sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Offenbach am Main
Graceville is a suburb in the City of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia . In the , Graceville had a population of 4,634 people .
Geography
Graceville is located south-west of the Brisbane CBD , and is bordered by the Brisbane River to the North-East and West , Oxley Creek to the East , Chelmer to the North and Sherwood to the South .
The suburb is centred on Graceville railway station ( ) on the Ipswich railway line , and is predominantly residential , with houses generally being in the Queenslander style . The main roads in Graceville are Oxley Road , Graceville Avenue and Honour Avenue . The suburb also has a number of parks including Simpson 's Playground , Graceville Memorial Park , and Faulkner Park .
History
A Baptist chapel opened near the junction of Oxley Creek and the Brisbane River on Sunday 22 May 1864 . It was on land donated by John and Thomas Strong ( approx ) . The Oxley Creek chapel was also used by other denominations , particularly the Presbyterians . It is unclear when the chapel closed but it is no longer extant.The suburb takes its name from its railway station , which in turn was named on 4 February 1875 by the Queensland Railways Department after Grace Grimes , the daughter of Samuel Grimes .
In 1879 , the local government area of Yeerongpilly Division was created . In 1891 , parts of Yeerongpilly Division were excised to create Sherwood Division becoming a Shire in 1903 which contained the suburb of Graceville . In 1925 , the Shire of Sherwood was amalgamated into the City of Brisbane .
In December 1887 , allotments in re-subdivisions 1 to 227 of subdivision 2 of portion 17 , County of Stanley , Parish of Oxley , of `` Graceville Park Estate '' were advertised to be auctioned by R.J. Cottell , Auctioneer . A map advertising the auction states the estate includes Park Road , White Street , and Alfred Street . The classified advertisement for the auction states the estate is `` only a stone 's throw from the Railway Station and `` is a splendid piece of ground , with a gentle slope to the river . ''
In December 1911 , 207 allotments of the `` Graceville Estate '' were advertised to be auctioned by Currie , Buchanan & Co. Ltd. Auctioneers . A map advertising the auction states that the estate was `` situated within easy walking distance of Graceville Railway Station '' . The classified advertisement for the auction states the estate had `` Cool , invigorating breeze , every allotment ready to build on , right aspect , abundance of fresh air , charming views , exclusive neighbourhood . ''
In June 1926 , 43 allotments of the `` Greenfield Estate '' were advertised to be auctioned by Charlton , Elliot and Sons . A map advertising the auction states that the estate was `` within easy walking distance of Graceville Station '' . The classified advertisement for the auction states the estate was in `` easy walking distance to station , good train service , water and electric light '' .
Graceville Baptist Church opened on Saturday 22 January 1927 . The building was in size and could seat 100 people .
Graceville State School opened on 13 August 1928 .
Graceville Uniting Church was opened in 1930 . It was designed and built by local contractor Walter Taylor . It is a noted landmark in the suburb .
Christ the King Catholic Primary School opened on 25 January 1937 with an initial 60 students with four Presentation Sisters as teachers .
St Peter 's Anglican Church was dedicated on 1 July 1956 by Venerable Frank Knight . Its last service was held on 27 February 1982 . It was on Graceville Avenue ( approx ) .
In the , Graceville recorded a population of 4,213 people , 51.7 % female and 48.3 % male . The median age of the Graceville population was 37 years of age , the same as the national median . 77.1 % of people living in Graceville were born in Australia , compared to the national average of 69.8 % ; the next most common countries of birth were England 4.4 % , New Zealand 2.9 % , United States of America 1.1 % , Scotland 0.9 % , South Africa 0.8 % . 89.4 % of people spoke only English at home ; the next most popular languages were 0.8 % Vietnamese , 0.7 % Mandarin , 0.6 % Polish , 0.5 % German , 0.5 % Cantonese .
In the , Graceville had a population of 4,634 people .
Heritage listings
Graceville has a number of heritage-listed sites , including :
85 Bank Road : Beth-Eden
95 Bank Road : Glenrae
12 Churchill Street : Christ the King Roman Catholic Church ( also known as St. Michael and the Holy Souls )
161 Graceville Avenue : 161 Graceville Avenue Graceville ( also known as Koorong )
327 Honour Avenue : Central Buildings
335 Honour Avenue : Concrete Block Residence
17 Kew Road : 17 Kew Road Graceville ( also known as Netherton )
110 Long Street : Graceville railway station
15 Magee Street : Brick War Service Home
27 Magee Street : Brick War Service Home
39 Magee Street : Brick War Service Home
9 Molonga Terrace : Glengarry
15 Molonga Terrace : The Gables
173 Oxley Road : Graceville Memorial Park
215 Oxley Road : Graceville Uniting Church ( formerly Graceville Methodist Church )
8 Rakeevan Road : 8 Rakeevan Road , Graceville
11 Rakeevan Road : Bulk store
27 Strong Avenue : Brick War Service Home
51 Strong Avenue : Brick War Service Home
98 Strong Avenue : Anzac Cottage ( also known as De Lesle )
196 Verney Road East : Roslin Villa
16 Young Street : Sherwood Scout Hall
Education
Graceville State School is a government primary ( Prep-6 ) school for boys and girls at 23 Acacia Avenue ( ) . In 2017 , the school had an enrolment of 761 students with 58 teachers ( 44 full-time equivalent ) and 18 non-teaching staff ( 14 full-time equivalent ) .
Christ the King School is a Catholic primary ( Prep-6 ) school for boys and girls at 7 Randolph Street ( ) . In 2017 , the school had an enrolment of 267 students with 23 teachers ( 16 full-time equivalent ) and 15 non-teaching staff ( 8 full-time equivalent ) .
There are no secondary schools in Graceville ; the nearest are in Corinda and Indooroopilly .
Amenities
There are two shopping precincts in the suburb :
Graceville Riverside Village at 158 Graceville Avenue ( ) .
Graceville Fiveways , at the intersection of Oxley Avenue , Long Street East and Park Terrace ( ) .
Graceville Uniting Church is at 215 Oxley Road ( ) . It is part of the South Moreton Presbytery of the Uniting Church in Australia .
Graceville Memorial Oval , which has the Memorial for the soldiers who died in wars that lived in the area , and also serves as the home of both Western Suburbs Cricket Club and Wests Taylor Bridge Rugby Club .
Graceville has a number of sporting clubs , including
Graceville Croquet Club in Memorial Park at Appel Street ( )
Souths Graceville Lions Rugby League Club
South West United Hockey Club
West Taylor Bridge Rugby Club
Rangers Netball Club
Western Suburbs Cricket Club
Graceville Amateur Swimming Club , which is based at Graceville State School .
References
Further reading
External links
Suburbs of the City of Brisbane
Hunter Johnson ( born 2 June 1994 ) is an American tennis player .
Johnson has a career high ATP singles ranking of World No . 1470 achieved on 24 October 2016 . They also have a career high doubles ranking of World No . 250 achieved on 24 February 2020 .
Johnson made their ATP main draw debut at the 2021 Delray Beach Open on hard course in Florida , where they were granted entry into the main doubles draw partnering their twin brother Yates Johnson . They were defeated in the first round by another American duo Christian Harrison and Ryan Harrison in straight sets 2–6 , 2–6 .
Johnson has reached 20 career doubles finals , with a record of 12 wins and 8 losses all coming at the ITF Futures level . They have yet to reach a final in singles at any level .
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Doubles : 21 ( 13–8 )
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
American male tennis players
People from Taos , New Mexico
Sportspeople from New Braunfels , Texas
Tennis people from New Mexico
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
is a Japanese motorcycle racer . Within the Japan Road Race Championship , they have competed in the GP125 class , where they were champion in 2007 , and in the J-GP3 class .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key )
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Japanese motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Mark Hurst ( born December 13 , 1972 ) is a journalist , author , broadcaster , game designer , and Internet entrepreneur . They founded the GEL ( `` Good Experience Live '' ) tech conference , and hosts a weekly technology-focused radio program , Techtonic , on WFMU . They are the author of two books about technology — one focused on information overload , the other on building customer-friendly products .
Gel conference
Hurst founded the annual Gel conference in 2003 , and hosted the event annually in New York through 2016 . Gel served to premiere a number of high-profile online projects , including Wikipedia . Jimmy Wales , founder of Wikipedia , first presented the platform at Gel 2005 .
Marissa Mayer , then a Google product manager and later CEO of Yahoo ! , presented at Gel in 2003 and 2008 .
Stewart Butterfield also spoke at Gel 2003 , soon after which they co-founded Flickr with Caterina Fake . ( Butterfield went on to co-found Slack a few years later . )
Sal Khan , founder of Khan Academy , first presented their educational platform at Gel 2010 . Khan Academy has since become a highly popular online education organization .
Gabriel Weinberg , founder of privacy-based search engine DuckDuckGo , debuted their platform at Gel 2013 .
Presenters at Gel have included radio host Ira Glass , Improv Everywhere comedian Charlie Todd , health and nutrition academic Marion Nestle , Australian roboticist Rodney Brooks , science writer/futurist David Bodanis , music comedians the Gregory Brothers , NASA deputy administrator Dava Newman , author Marc Abrahams , technologist Anil Dash , composer/conductor Robert Kapilow , artist/photographer Rachel Sussman , artist/writer/animator Zina Saunders , game designer/author Jane McGonigal , media theorist Douglas Rushkoff , and countless others .
In 2006 , Hurst presented a European version of Gel , euroGel 2006 , in Copenhagen , Denmark . At this conference , Jimmy Wales gave one of the first public talks in Europe about Wikipedia .
In 2009 Hurst established a spinoff conference , Gel Health 2009 , devoted to issues of health care , in New York .
Although no Gel conferences have been held since 2016 , Hurst hosted two Skeptech forums at WFMU in 2017 , and a third Skeptech hosted over Zoom during pandemic lockdown in October 2020 . The Aspen Institute blog noted that `` Mark Hurst launched the platform Skeptech to address what they see as the tech industry 's growing systemic problems and 'creepiness . ' ''
Creative Good and Internet projects
From 1991 to 1995 while a student at MIT , Hurst drew Firehose Tavern , a comic strip published in the MIT student newspaper , The Tech . Starting in 1994 , The Tech began posting an archive of the comic strips on its website , making Firehose Tavern one of the first comics available on the Web . While a graduate researcher at the MIT Media Lab in 1995 , Hurst created iComix ! , a personalized comic strip , cited in the 1996 patent for Microsoft Comic Chat .
After graduating from MIT , Hurst landed a job with web startup Yoyodyne , where they served as director of product development . `` In the 18 months I spent at Yoyodyne , '' said Hurst , `` I designed all the games and user interfaces that over a million Net users played . I designed email games , Web games , Shockwave , Java , real-time , chat , AOL , MSN , you name it . Any environment online , I was there . '' Seth Godin , Yoyodyne founder and president , described Hurst ( in a 1997 New York Times profile about Hurst ) as `` one of the smartest people I have ever met , a person with a unique and correct vision of where interface is going . '' Hurst left Yoyodyne in January 1997 to found Creative Good .
Hurst founded Creative Good , a tech consulting firm , in 1997 . Their Creative Good email newsletter is one of the longest continually published email newsletters in the world , having been launched in 1998 . Many past columns are stored in the Creative Good blog . The November/December 2021 issue of American Libraries quoted Hurst 's Creative Good column from August 27 , 2021 .
In 2003 , one year before the launch of Yelp , Hurst launched a restaurant-review site called AddYourOwn.com . A New York Times article about the platform explained , `` Organized by neighborhood , the site allows anyone to add restaurant reviews or to freely edit existing ones . For now , it covers Manhattan and Brooklyn . ''
Also in 2003 , Hurst launched This Is Broken , a blog collecting examples of flawed designs in products and services . The idea for This Is Broken came from Seth Godin , who suggested to Mark that they launch the site and later featured the site on their blog . Godin gave a talk based on This Is Broken at Hurst 's Gel 2006 conference and later wrote about the Gel talk that `` my funniest TED talk was n't even given at TED . '' Hurst posted the final This Is Broken entry in July 2007 , marking four years of the project .
In 2005 , Hurst launched GoodTodo.com , one of the first to-do lists launched on the web . In a July 2021 Wired article about productivity , Clive Thompson mentioned Good To-do as `` one of the first productivity apps . '' Gina Trapani mentioned the service in a 2007 review of Hurst 's book a bit Literacy . Seth Godin mentioned it on their blog in 2006 .
In 2011 Forbes managing editor Bruce Upbin called Hurst a `` user experience jedimaster . ''
In 2019 writer Douglas Rushkoff wrote that Hurst `` was one of the first to argue for a more appropriate engagement with our tech . ''
In 2020 , Hurst launched GoodReports.com , comprising `` recommendations for genuinely good , helpful , non-toxic '' social media alternatives to Big Tech . In 2021 , Components wrote that Good Reports is `` a thoughtfully compiled Wirecutter-esque set of lists of the best tools , '' though it `` can at times verge on Luddism . ''
Radio
Hurst has hosted Techtonic on WFMU since September 2017 . They describe the show 's theme as `` our shift to a digital future . '' From 2017 to 2019 Hurst 's guests included such leading figures in tech evolution as entrepreneur Jaron Lanier , Prof. Safiya Noble , author Douglas Rushkoff , author Astra Taylor , Harvard Business School professor emerita Shoshana Zuboff , Meetup founder Scott Heiferman , journalists Clive Thompson and Tim Harford , and writer-film producer Jonathan Taplin .
In 2020 their guests included author/journalist Steven Levy ; BoingBoing blogger/journalist/science fiction author Cory Doctorow ; Jason Fried , cofounder of Basecamp and Hey.com ; Financial Times associate editor Rana Foroohar ; astrophysicist Katie Mack ; author/literary critic/professor Alan Jacobs ; and Toby Ord , Senior Research Fellow at the University of Oxford 's Future of Humanity Institute .
Techtonic guests in 2021 included novelist Jonathan Lethem ; writers Paul Kingsnorth and David Bodanis ; author/journalists Annie Jacobsen , Andrea Pitzer , and Paul Bradley Carr ; journalist Gretchen Peters ; and Nabiha Syed , president of The Markup .
Books
Hurst is the author of Bit Literacy : Productivity in the Age of Information and E-mail Overload ( 2007 ) . Besides the original English edition , the book was translated and published in Russia and China .
Their second book was Customers Included : How to Transform Products , Companies , and the World - With a Single Step ( 2013 , 2nd edition 2015 ) . In 2015 , Business Insider quoted Hurst 's writing in an article about major retailers acknowledging the advantages of online customer reviews to better market their products .
Personal
Hurst grew up around the world as the son of a U.S. Navy officer . He 's an Eagle Scout and holds bachelor 's and master 's degrees in computer science from MIT . They live in New York City with their wife and son .
References
American radio hosts
Living people
1972 births
Mass media theorists
Internet theorists
MIT School of Engineering alumni
Technology writers
American bloggers
American male bloggers
American Internet celebrities
American computer businesspeople
American technology chief executives
American game designers
People from Portsmouth , Virginia
Euchrysops unigemmata is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in Malawi , Zambia and possibly the Democratic Republic of the Congo . The habitat consists of montane areas .
References
Butterflies described in 1895
Euchrysops
Butterflies of Africa
Crampton 's Gap , also known as Crampton Gap , is a wind gap on South Mountain in Maryland .
The gap connects Burkittsville in the Middletown Valley to the east with Gapland and Rohrersville in the Pleasant Valley to the west .
Documentation of the earliest land tracts in the Crampton 's Gap area and records related to the earliest road may be found in The Land Tracts of the Battlefield of South Mountain by Curtis L. Older .
The gap is the location of Gathland State Park and was the site of the Battle of Crampton 's Gap on September 14 , 1862 , during the Maryland Campaign of the American Civil War .
References
External links
topo map
Gathland State Park
Wind gaps of the United States
Landforms of Frederick County , Maryland
Landforms of Washington County , Maryland
South Mountain Range ( Maryland−Pennsylvania )
Journey Through Hallowed Ground National Heritage Area
Valleys of Maryland
Diode–transistor logic ( DTL ) is a class of digital circuits that is the direct ancestor of transistor–transistor logic . It is called so because the logic gating function ( e.g. , AND ) is performed by a diode network and the amplifying function is performed by a transistor ( in contrast with RTL and TTL ) .
Implementations
The DTL circuit shown in the picture consists of three stages : an input diode logic stage ( D1 , D2 and R1 ) , an intermediate level shifting stage ( R3 and R4 ) , and an output common-emitter amplifier stage ( Q1 and R2 ) . If both inputs A and B are high ( logic 1 ; near V+ ) , then the diodes D1 and D2 are reverse biased . Resistors R1 and R3 will then supply enough current to turn on Q1 ( drive Q1 into saturation ) and also supply the current needed by R4 . There will be a small positive voltage on the base of Q1 ( VBE , about 0.3 V for germanium and 0.6 V for silicon ) . The turned on transistor 's collector current will then pull the output Q low ( logic 0 ; VCE ( sat ) , usually less than 1 volt ) . If either or both inputs are low , then at least one of the input diodes conducts and pulls the voltage at the anodes to a value less than about 2 volts . R3 and R4 then act as a voltage divider that makes Q1 's base voltage negative and consequently turns off Q1 . Q1 's collector current will be essentially zero , so R2 will pull the output voltage Q high ( logic 1 ; near V+ ) .
Discrete
The IBM 1401 ( announced in 1959 ) used DTL circuits similar to the circuit shown in the picture . IBM called the logic `` complemented transistor diode logic '' ( CTDL ) . CTDL avoided the level shifting stage ( R3 and R4 ) by alternating NPN and PNP based gates operating on different power supply voltages . NPN based circuits used +6V and -6V and the transistor switched at close to -6V , PNP based circuits used 0V and -12V and the transistor switched at close to 0V . Thus for example a NPN gate driven by a PNP gate would see the threshold voltage of -6V in the middle of the range of 0V to -12V . Similarly for the PNP gate switching at 0V driven by a range of 6V to -6V . The 1401 used germanium transistors and diodes in its basic gates . The 1401 also added an inductor in series with R2 . The physical packaging used the IBM Standard Modular System .
Integrated
In an integrated circuit version of the DTL gate , R3 is replaced by two level-shifting diodes connected in series . Also the bottom of R4 is connected to ground to provide bias current for the diodes and a discharge path for the transistor base . The resulting integrated circuit runs off a single power supply voltage .
In 1962 , Signetics introduced the SE100-series family , the first high-volume DTL chips . In 1964 , Fairchild released the 930-series DTμL micrologic family that had a better noise immunity , smaller die , and lower cost . It was the most commercially successful DTL family and copied by other IC manufacturers .
Speed improvement
The DTL propagation delay is relatively large . When the transistor goes into saturation from all inputs being high , charge is stored in the base region . When it comes out of saturation ( one input goes low ) this charge has to be removed and will dominate the propagation time .
One way to speed up DTL is to add a small `` speed-up '' capacitor across R3 . The capacitor helps to turn off the transistor by removing the stored base charge ; the capacitor also helps to turn on the transistor by increasing the initial base drive .
Another way to speed up DTL is to avoid saturating the switching transistor . That can be done with a Baker clamp . The Baker clamp is named for Richard H. Baker , who described it in their 1956 technical report `` Maximum Efficiency Switching Circuits . ''
In 1964 , James R. Biard filed a patent for the Schottky transistor . In their patent the Schottky diode prevented the transistor from saturating by minimizing the forward bias on the collector-base transistor junction , thus reducing the minority carrier injection to a negligible amount . The diode could also be integrated on the same die , it had a compact layout , it had no minority carrier charge storage , and it was faster than a conventional junction diode . Their patent also showed how the Schottky transistor could be used in DTL circuits and improve the switching speed of other saturated logic designs , such as Schottky-TTL , at a low cost .
Interfacing considerations
A major advantage over the earlier resistor–transistor logic is increased fan-in . Additionally , to increase fan-out , an additional transistor and diode may be used .
See also
Diode logic
High Threshold Logic
NORBIT
References
Further reading
Design and Application of Transistor Switch Circuits ; Louis A. Delhom ; Texas Instruments and McGraw-Hill ; 278 pages ; 1968 ; LCCCN 67-22955 . ( see chapter 10.7 )
1964 Fairchild DTμL Micrologic Catalog ; 36 pages . ( see catalog )
1965 Fairchild Catalog ; 49 pages . ( see pages 33 to 34 )
1975 Fairchild Full Line Condensed Catalog ; 354 pages . ( see pages 2-129 to 2-130 )
1978 Fairchild Full Line Condensed Catalog ; 530 pages . ( see pages 13-110 to 13-113 )
External links
Diode-Transistor Logic ( slides ) - University of Connecticut
Diode-Transistor Logic - University of Babylon
Logic families
Gove 's Rebellion was a short uprising in 1683 in the Province of New Hampshire , in which men of the towns of Exeter and Hampton took up arms against the Royal Governor , Edward Cranfield . The rebels were arrested while attempting to muster more rebels . The leader , Edward Gove , was sentenced to death for high treason , and shipped off to London for sentencing . They were pardoned three years later by James II and returned to New Hampshire . The rebellion took place during a period when many American colonists were rebelling against their respective provincial governments , including Bacon 's Rebellion , Coode 's Rebellion , Leisler 's Rebellion , Culpeper 's Rebellion , the Charter Oak Incident , and the Boston Revolt .
Background
New Hampshire had recently been partitioned from Massachusetts by Charles II after almost 40 years of being governed by the neighboring colony , and made into a royal province . From 1679 to 1682 , New Hampshire was governed by a locally elected council until James II installed a royal governor , Edward Cranfield . The colonists resented having a governor appointed to them , and Cranfield was particularly unpopular for their enforcement of the mercantilist trade laws of the time . In 1683 , when Cranfield attempted to force a revenue bill through the council ( which they continually vetoed ) , they had the council dissolved . They assumed complete control of the colony , and issued a direct tax .
Rebellion
On January 27 , 1683 , Edward Gove , a now former councilor from Hampton , discussed the idea of rebelling against the governor with other provincial leaders . They advised against it ; however , since Gove had been drinking , they decided to rise up anyway . They armed himself , their son , and their servant , and rode their horse to Exeter in an attempt to muster the citizens to rebel against the governor . Along the way , they were stopped by a justice of the peace , Nathaniel Weare ( father of Meshech Weare ) . Gove and their party escaped capture and continued to Exeter , where they succeeded in gathering roughly a dozen armed supporters to the cause . The rebels now returned to Hampton to rally more men to their cause . One man blew a trumpet , and the group caused a ruckus to attract the attention of the townsfolk . It managed to attract the local militia , who proceeded to arrest all but one of the rebels , the trumpeter .
Aftermath
Most of the rebels were found guilty and set free , but Cranfield wanted to make an example of their leader . Edward Gove was tried by a grand jury , and found guilty of high treason . The presiding judge , Major Richard Waldron , sentenced them to be hanged , drawn and quartered . Governor Cranfield , worried that Gove would escape and rouse further rebellion , sent them to Boston , and eventually to London . Gove was imprisoned in the tower of London for almost three years awaiting their execution . Their wife pleaded to the King to release their husband , which they eventually did . They returned to New Hampshire , and Edward Cranfield was removed as governor .
References
External links
Lane Memorial Library : Joseph Dow 's History of Hampton
Seacoast Online : Historically Speaking : Gove 's Rebellion of 1683 , by Barbra Rimkunas
Military history of the Thirteen Colonies
Pre-statehood history of New Hampshire
Talisman is an album by the New Zealand musician Alastair Galbraith , released in 1995 .
Critical reception
Trouser Press called the album `` a meandering , scattershot affair that displays little evidence of [ Galbraith 's ] former songwriting acumen . ''
Track listing
`` Talisman '' - 01:15
`` Yuhahi '' - 01:46
`` Carlos '' - 01:22
`` Xtra I '' - 00:45
`` Black Flame '' - 03:47
`` Waits '' - 00:36
`` Water In My Ears '' - 00:57
`` Anais '' - 03:18
`` Cemetery Ragga '' - 02:07
`` Welfare Child '' - 01:35
`` Mrs. Meggary '' - 03:37
`` I 'm Rich '' - 01:10
`` P.D . Lyte '' - 02:22
`` Policemen On Ether '' - 01:50
`` Coast Road '' - 01:11
`` Allone '' - 01:45
`` Lucid Branches '' - 02:05
`` Strong Enough '' - 01:54
`` Coded '' - 02:00
`` Seamed '' - 03:07
References
1995 albums
Alastair Galbraith ( musician ) albums
Mikko-Sakari Koivu ( born 12 March 1983 ) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey player . Koivu was drafted sixth overall in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft by the Minnesota Wild . After four seasons with TPS in the SM-liiga , Koivu joined the Wild in 2005 . They spent fifteen seasons in Minnesota , including eleven as captain , accumulating several franchise records , including games played , assists and points scored . Koivu retired in 2021 , after a short stint with the Columbus Blue Jackets .
Internationally , Koivu served as captain of the gold medal-winning Finnish national team at the 2011 World Championship .
Playing career
After playing in the Finnish junior leagues , Koivu began playing for TPS of the SM-liiga as a 17-year-old in the 2000–01 season , the same team for which older brother Saku also once played . They were selected sixth overall in the 2001 NHL Entry Draft by the Minnesota Wild and continued to play with TPS for three more seasons .
Minnesota Wild
Koivu moved to North America in the 2004–05 to play for Minnesota 's American Hockey League ( AHL ) affiliate , the Houston Aeros , while that NHL season was canceled . The next season , they made their NHL debut with the Wild , scoring 21 points in their rookie season . They signed a one-year contract with the Wild on 18 July 2006 .
In 2006–07 , Koivu improved to a career-high 20 goals , 34 assists and 54 points . Injuries slowed them down in their third season , however ; in a game against the Vancouver Canucks , defenceman Mattias Öhlund retaliated to an unpenalized elbow from Koivu and slashed him , breaking a bone in Koivu 's leg . Öhlund was given a four-game suspension and Koivu missed 24 games as a result of the injury .
On 30 June 2007 , the Wild re-signed Koivu to a four-year , $ 13 million contract worth $ 3.25 million annually .
Before the 2008–09 season commenced , Koivu was announced as a permanent alternate captain for the entire season , along with teammate Andrew Brunette , assuming they were not captain for the month ( the Wild captaincy was rotated among the players on a monthly basis , each season ) . But Koivu started the 2008–09 season as team captain for the months of October and November . Though rumors swirled that then-Wild Head Coach Jacques Lemaire was close to ending the captain rotation and naming Koivu the permanent captain , they were replaced by Kim Johnsson in December , reverting to their role as alternate captain . In January 2009 , Koivu was once again honoured with the Wild captaincy after only a month 's hiatus .
On 16 October 2008 , Koivu tied a Wild franchise record for most assists in a game with four against the Florida Panthers . They also added a goal for a career-high five-point game as the Wild defeated Florida 6–2 . In July 2009 , it was announced that Koivu would be on the cover of Finland 's version of EA Sports ' video game NHL 10 . They were also voted the best Finn in the League by NHL.com .
Koivu was named the first permanent captain in Wild franchise history on 20 October 2009 . During the ensuing off-season , they signed a then-franchise-record seven-year , $ 47 million contract extension on 16 July 2010 , which went into effect during the 2011–12 season .
On 12 January 2012 , Koivu was selected to their first NHL All-Star Game . However , they were unable to participate due to injury and was replaced by Oilers forward Jordan Eberle .
On 18 March 2014 , Koivu recorded three points in a 6–0 win over the New York Islanders , in the process becoming the Wild 's all-time leading scorer with 438 points in 588 games .
On 28 February 2016 , Koivu surpassed Nick Schultz 's 743 games played with the Minnesota Wild to own this franchise record as well .
On 18 September 2017 , the Wild signed Koivu to a two-year , $ 11 million contract extension worth $ 5.5 million annually .
On 6 February 2019 , Koivu was ruled out for the remainder of the 2018–19 season after suffering a tear in their Anterior cruciate ligament ( ACL ) and meniscus in their right knee . The incident occurred the night before in a game against the Buffalo Sabres . They ended their season with eight goals and 29 points in 48 games .
The Wild retired Koivu 's number on March 13 , 2022 , becoming the first player in franchise history to receive that honor .
Columbus Blue Jackets and retirement
On 10 October 2020 , Koivu ended their 15-year tenure with the Wild and signed as a free agent to a one-year , $ 1.5 million contract with the Columbus Blue Jackets . On 9 February 2021 , after only posting a goal and an assist for 2 points in 7 games , Koivu announced their retirement from the NHL .
International play
As a junior , Koivu competed in two World Junior U18 Championships , capturing gold in 2000 and bronze in 2001 . Koivu did double duty in 2001 , also participating in the World Junior Championships , earning a silver medal while contributing three assists .
They played in their second World Junior Championship the following year in 2002 , tallying five points in six games as Finland captured another silver medal . It also marked Koivu 's fourth and final medal in junior international play . These junior years also marked the start for Koivu 's long-time collaboration in the national team with Tuomo Ruutu , with whom they has been often paired as an effective playmaker-scorer duo ever since , in similar manner as their older brother Saku usually found themselves with Teemu Selänne .
Before making their North American debut in the AHL , Koivu competed in the 2004 World Cup as Finland finished runner-up to Canada . Two years later , they appeared in the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin . Koivu failed to register a point as Finland finished with a silver medal .
Beginning in 2006 , Koivu appeared in three consecutive World Championships . They helped Finland to a bronze medal in 2006 with four points , then matched their output the following year with another four points in 2007 as Finland improved to a silver medal . In the 2008 World Championships , Koivu became a key contributor , tallying an international career-high nine points in nine games as Finland won the bronze medal . They were asked to join the team in 2009 , and again in 2010 , but they had to decline both times due to injuries .
Koivu was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada . In 2011 , Koivu was able to accept the invitation and led Finland , as the captain of the team , to its second gold medal at World Championships .
Koivu was also selected to represent Finland at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , but was forced to withdraw from the squad due to an injury sustained in the NHL .
Koivu was again named team captain of Finland for the 2016 World Cup of Hockey competition in Toronto . They were the only Finnish player to return to the tournament after playing in the 2004 edition .
Personal life
Koivu 's older brother is Saku Koivu , the longtime captain of the Montreal Canadiens and alternate captain for the Anaheim Ducks before their retirement in 2014 . Their father is Jukka Koivu , the former head coach of TPS , for which both Saku and Mikko have played . A number of Koivu 's friends include Tuomo Ruutu of the New Jersey Devils and Koivu 's former Minnesota teammate , Kurtis Foster .
Mikko , their brother Saku and Miikka Kiprusoff along with former Supercell owners Ilkka Paananen and Mikko Kodisoja are all minority owners of HC TPS Turku Oy , the company which operates TPS Turku hockey team .
Koivu spends summers with their family and friends in their hometown of Turku , Finland . They own a suite in the Xcel Energy Center , which they share with former teammates Niklas Bäckström and Nick Schultz , called M & N 's Suite 4 Kids , and the group donates it to children with serious medical conditions . Koivu served in the Finnish Army during the summer of 2011 as a conscript . On 14 October 2011 , Koivu donated two rooms to the Minnesota Children 's Hospital epilepsy and neurological unit .
Koivu married Helena Koivu ( née Kipper ) in the summer of 2014 . They have one daughter and two sons together . The pair divorced in 2020 .
Records and awards
Won the Finnish Championship ( Kanada-malja ) in 2000–01 SM-liiga season
Won silver in 2003–04 SM-liiga season
SM-Liiga regular season victory ( Harry Lindblad Memorial Trophy ) : 2003-04
Minnesota Wild franchise record for most assists in a game ( tied ) : 4 ( 16 October 2008 , against the Florida Panthers and again on 2 January 2011 , against the Phoenix Coyotes ) .
First ever permanent captain for the Minnesota Wild ( 20 October 2009 ) .
Selected to play in 2012 NHL All-Star Game , but unable to play due to injury .
Gold Medal at IIHF World Championship 2011 ( as captain of Team Finland ) .
Minnesota Wild all-time franchise power-play points leader ( as of 5 October 2015 )
Minnesota Wild all-time franchise points leader ( 500 as of 2014–15 season )
Minnesota Wild all-time franchise games played leader ( 1,028 as of 10 October 2020 )
Named Selke Trophy Finalist ( 2016-17 season )
First player in Minnesota Wild franchise history to play 1,000 NHL games and with the same team ( as of 1 December 2019 ) .
First player to have number retired in Wild history
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
See also
Notable families in the NHL
List of Olympic medalist families
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Columbus Blue Jackets players
Finnish ice hockey centres
HC TPS players
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Minnesota Wild draft picks
Minnesota Wild players
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Olympic bronze medalists for Finland
Olympic ice hockey players of Finland
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Olympic silver medalists for Finland
Sportspeople from Turku
Hinson is a name that now refers to several different southern gospel singing groups , all members of the same extended family . The groups have different personnel and have shared the common name , `` The Hinsons '' but each has a different lead singer : The Original Hinsons , featuring Kenny Hinson ; The Hinsons , featuring Bo Hinson , and The Hinson Family , featuring Weston Hinson , Elder Brother Harold D Hinson that drove The Hinson 's Bus from state to many Singings .
The Original Hinsons ( sometimes referred to as The Singing Hinson Family ) were a multi-award-winning Southern Gospel group that was formed in 1967 and was active until 1994 .
History
The Original Hinsons were a prominent southern gospel group . Consisting of siblings Ronny , Yvonne , Kenny and Larry , they first sang together in 1967 after being asked to sing during revival services at a small church in Freedom , California . Though they had never sung together as a unit , they soon found themselves a popular favorite in churches and concert appearances along the west coast of the United States . Initially , they were known as The Singing Hinson Family . However , as time and their popularity progressed they became known simply as The Hinsons . Later , they were known as The Original Hinsons .
Younger brother Larry tells the story behind the Hinsons signature song : `` It was written in 1970 , in the downstairs bathroom of a church then called `` The Pentecostal Tabernacle . '' We had been rehearsing songs that Saturday evening and found the necessity to have new material to stage . Ronny disappeared for several minutes , only to return to the church sanctuary brandishing a long fluttering piece of toilet paper . After some collaboration with Kenny the world-famous song `` The Lighthouse '' was born . It was first recorded the next year by The Goodmans and then by The Hinsons . Songs of Calvary and Journey Music , ( then owned by Rusty Goodman ) , co-published the song . The Lighthouse quickly became a huge hit in southern gospel and remains one of the most recorded songs in all of southern Gospel . From 1973 till 1980 The Hinsons were the co-hosts of the popular television show `` The Gospel Singing Jubilee . '' For over a year , the Hinsons maintained at least four songs in the monthly top ten of southern gospel music . Although the Hinsons were an extremely popular touring group , they were considered radical for their concert style , which was far more ministry oriented than most of the more established professional groups . Always innovators , the group recorded several albums in the 1980s that changed the face of their industry with an eclectic mix of songs and styles ranging from traditional southern gospel , contemporary Christian , and what would soon become known as Country gospel .
In 1974 , Sister Yvonne left the road and was replaced for six years by two time Queen of Gospel Music recipient Chris Hawkins . In 1981 Chris left the group to start a full-time ministry with their husband Darrell which became The Freemans . Just as Yvonne re-joined the group , Larry left the group to travel the country as an evangelist with their wife Jana and two young children until 1986 when they and their wife became pastors of a church in Little Rock AR . They were replaced by their nephew , Eric Hinson . In late 1984 , Ronny `` Bo '' Hinson Jr replaced Eric until 1988 , when the group took some time off for the members to pursue their individual ministries .
Kenny continued to sing as well as preach the gospel and soon found themselves pastor of a church in Houston TX . After 4 years , in 1992 they felt the pull of the family singing ministry once again .
After many conversations and phone calls with their family , Larry approached their record producer at Calvary Music Group and suggested a reunion project involving the original members . The original group reunited for the thirteen city `` One More Hallelujah '' tour . The album `` One More Hallelujah '' featured the songs `` Joy Comes In The Morning ” , “ I 'll Never Be Over The Hill ” and “ I 've Been To Heaven ” . During the tour , lead singer Kenny Hinson was diagnosed with kidney cancer . After a long battle they died on at the age of 41 , leaving their wife and two children Amanda , age 16 and Weston , age 12 .
After Kenny 's passing , Ronny , the eldest of the brothers in the group , continued to perform , write , as well as produce . They are a renowned songwriter , having written over 10 # 1 songs on the southern gospel charts , and over 100 songs that charted in the top 10 .
Yvonne continued to pursue their ministry of singing and healing . On several occasions , the Original Hinsons reunited for special events , featuring Bo Hinson as lead , and either Yvonne Hinson Johnson or Chris Hawkins Freeman .
Larry continued pastoring until 1996 when they and Their wife Jana and young son Matthew went out on the evangelistic field . For the next 12 years , they ministered all across America . In 2008 they felt the call of God to start SouthPoint Church in White House , TN . Dr. Larry Hinson passed on April 22 , 2020 .
Awards and honors
The Hinsons were recognized by both the Dove Award and the Singing News Fan Awards ( SNFA ) for the 1972 Song of the year , `` The Lighthouse '' . In 1973 , they again won the SNFA Song of the Year for `` He Pilots My Ship . '' In 1979 , they were the SNFA choice for favorite group . Chris Hawkins was chosen as the SNFA favorite female singer in both 1976 and 1977 . Larry was voted SNFA Favorite Baritone in 1977 . Kenny was Favorite Male Singer for 1976 , 1978 and 1980 . In 1994 , Kenny won a Diamond Award for their song `` I 'll Never Be Over the Hill '' at the National Quartet Convention .
Ronny won the Favorite Songwriter award for four consecutive years from 1988 to 1991 .
In 2000 , Kenny was voted `` Artist of the Decade '' and placed into the Millennium Hall of Fame by ICGMA ( International Country Gospel Music Association . ) Kenny was inducted into the Gospel Music Association 's Hall of Fame in 2004 . The entire group was inducted into the Gospel Music Association 's Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Personnel changes
In 1974 , Yvonne left the road and was replaced for six years by two time Queen of Gospel Music recipient Chris Hawkins Freeman . In 1981 Just as Yvonne re-joined the group , Larry , left the group and was replaced by their nephew , Eric Hinson . In late 1984 . Ronny `` Bo '' Hinson Jr. replaced Eric until 1988. when the group took some time off for the members to pursue individual ministries . In 1992 , Ronny , Larry , Kenny , and Yvonne reunited for the `` One More Hallelujah '' tour . After Kenny 's passing , the Original Hinsons have reunited only for special events , with Bo singing lead , and either with Chris Hawkins Freeman or their sister Yvonne Hinson Johnson .
The Hinsons
In 1990 Bo Hinson started a group called Bo Hinson and Purpose . This evolved into The New Hinsons . The group experienced success in 1994 with the release of the hit song , `` Speak the Word , Lord '' . And in 1996 , the group had their first # 1 song with the hit `` Oasis . '' The song was written by Ronny Hinson . `` Oasis '' was # 1 for 4 months ( April–July 1996 ) and came in as the # 1 song for all of 1996 . On Paul Heil 's program , `` The Gospel Greats '' , the song was named the # 6 song in the Top 20 Songs of the 1990s . Also featured in the baritone part was Mike Bowling , who would later travel with the Perrys and Crabb Family and eventually start their own group in 2006 . The group later claimed the # 1 spot again in December 1996 with `` Old Ship of Zion '' . The New Hinsons would continue to experience success with hits like `` If There Had Been No Calvary '' , `` Sin Died Here '' , `` Still Go Free '' , and `` Who but God ? '' . With the family 's blessing , in 2008 Bo renamed The New Hinsons to The Hinsons . Their first recording under that name was entitled , `` Favor '' . This album features the songs The Potter 's Wheel , Holy Awe , and God Will Make A Way .
The Hinson Family
In 2008 Weston Hinson ( son of Kenny Hinson ) started the group Weston Hinson & By Faith and in 2009 they recorded their debut album Home With You Tonight . featuring songs as `` Healed Perfect '' and `` Let Go Of The Rope '' . Later they changed the name to Weston and Christy Hinson and recorded their 2nd album called Let 's Have Some Church , with songs as `` Let 's Have Some Church '' , `` I Get To Go '' , `` On The Other Side Of This '' , as well as the world-famous song `` The Lighthouse '' , which featured Larry Hinson . In 2013 , they were joined by Jordyn Honea . Later that year , they recorded their 3rd album Christmas Like It Was . In 2014 , they changed the name to The Hinson Family then recorded their 4th album Tribute To The Original Hinsons with such songs as `` Burdens are Lifted Away '' , `` Joy Comes in The Morning '' , `` Never Be Over The Hill '' , and the world-famous `` Call Me Gone '' , among many more .
Members
Weston Hinson
Christy Hinson
Jordan Honea
From California to New York , and everywhere in between , the reaction at each concert has been a resounding echo lauding the unique sound for which The Hinson Family has become known . For those already familiar with the world of Christian and Gospel music , a common phrase used to describe their sound usually comes across something like , `` They sound so much like the Original Hinsons , but they have created a sound that is all their own and I ca n't get enough . '' Still , there are those along the way in churches or concert venues that have yet become acquainted with the inspirational themed music of the church and often their reaction comes with a smile from ear to ear as though they had found a prize in an unexpected place and they say things like , `` I never thought I would like Christian or Gospel music until I heard The Hinson Family . Their music belongs on the radio today and everyone needs to hear it . ''
As their success continues to build and they are sharing the stage with a variety of hugely popular artists from different genres of gospel , they are gaining the accolades of their musical peers as well :
Jason Crabb ( Grammy Award Winning Gospel Artist ) – `` Love their sound . Great voices and great music . More than all of that they have the heart for Gods people . You will be blessed anytime you get a chance to see them . God has truly left their touch on their lives . Glad to call them my friends ! ''
Rebecca Lynn Howard ( Award-Winning Country Music Artist ) – `` Hearing The Hinson Family sing is a flood to my soul ! The anointing their voices carry is uncontainable ! Weston is a true 'Chip off the ol ' block. , as you are shaken by the familiar tones and vocal moves of their voice , it 's apparent that their late father , Kenny Hinson , has passed the mantle on to him . Weston 's wife Christy brings a fresh anointing of their own as their incredible range pierces the heart of all who are listening . Their blend is superb . Their song choices are always on point and their delivery is Holy Ghost inspired ! ''
Bruce Minchey ( Major Promoter in Dallas/Ft Worth Area ) – “ It is a pleasure to work with The Hinson Family ! They do an excellent job continuing the music of The Original Hinsons mixed with their own original songs . As a promoter , I appreciate their professionalism and creativity in helping promote their concerts . I highly recommend The Hinson Family ! ”
By 2013 , The Hinson Family had grown from being a Husband and Wife duo to a Family Trio as their 16-year-old daughter Jordan , joined in April of that year . Jordy , as they are lovingly called by those close to her , has won many fans with their smooth vocal style that many have likened to Country Music legend Connie Smith with a touch of bluegrass . At the tender age of 17 Jordy wrote their first song entitled , “ You 're Forgiven. ” This song has been slated to be recorded on the next recording to be produced . With a premium value put on songwriting and originality this group looks to have staying power and potential for songs to do more than just top the charts . In 2014 , The Hinson Family ( Then Called “ Weston & Christy Hinson ) was honored with several nominations for Diamond Awards . Those nominations include a top 5 for favorite recording “ Let 's Have Some Church , ” Weston was nominated in the top 5 for “ Male Vocalist of the Year ” along with Jason Crabb , Jeff Easter , and others . Christy was also nominated for “ Songwriter of the Year ” for their contribution of 6 original songs on “ Let 's Have Some Church . ”
In 2016 and beyond , The Hinson Family are looking to make a bigger splash on a bigger scene . When asked about the group 's comparisons to their family The Original Hinsons , Weston had this to say , “ We are n't trying to be the Original Hinsons or any other group that has inspired us…what we 're trying to do is take what we 've learned from those phenomenal artists and build something even bigger . That 's the purpose of a foundation…to build on it , and that 's how we view our heritage…as a cornerstone from which we can build on their successes and learn from their hard work and determination. ” This group feels that there is n't anything that they can not accomplish both musically and professionally . In one word , what best describes the future for The Hinson Family is ... ” BOUNDLESS ! ”
Members
Lead
Kenny Hinson ( 1967–1994 )
Alto/High Tenor/Soprano
Yvonne Hinson Johnson ( 1967–1974 ) ( 1981–1994 )
Chris Hawkins Freeman ( 1974–1981 )
Bass
Ronny Hinson ( 1967–1994 )
Tenor/Baritone/Lead
Larry Hinson ( 1967–1981 ) ( 1992–1994 )
Eric Hinson ( 1981–1984 )
Bo Hinson ( 1984–1988 )
Discography
The Original Hinsons
Here Comes The Hinsons ( 1970 )
A Gospel Sound Spectacular ( 1970 )
The Lighthouse ( 1971 ) featuring the GMA Song of the Year for 1972
They Pilot My Ship ( 1972 ) featuring the SNFA Song of the Year for 1973
We Promise You Gospel ( 1973 )
With Chris Hawkins
Touch Of Hinson , Glimpse Of Glory ( 1974 )
Harvest Of Hits ( 1975 )
High Voltage ( 1976 )
From Out Of The West They Came , Live and On Stage ( 1975 )
The Group That God Built ( 1977 )
On The Road ( 1978 )
Prime ( 1979 )
With Larry and Yvonne
Song Vineyard ( 1980 )
With Eric Hinson
Bubblin ' ( 1981 )
Hinsongs ( 1982 )
To The Core ( 1983 )
A Hinson Christmas ( 1983 )
Lift The Roof Off , Live ( 1984 )
The Hinsons Greatest Hits Vol . 1 ( 1986 )
With Bo Hinson
It Runs In The Family ( 1985 )
The Legacy Goes On ( 1986 )
Generations ( 1987 )
Encore , Live from Nashville ( 1988 )
With Original Group
One More Hallelujah ( 1992 )
Tulsa Live ( 1993 )
Today
Ronny continues to perform , preach and sing alongside their wife Lisa . as well as write and produce . They are a renowned and award-winning songwriter , having written over 10 # 1 songs on the southern gospel charts , and over 100 songs that charted in the top 10 .
Chris Hawkins Freeman still travels with the world-famous and award-winning group The Freemans ..
Larry Hinson passed away on April 22nd 2020 .
Bo still travels all over the country with their group The Hinsons giving unique performances wherever they go .
References
Family musical groups
Gospel music groups
Musical groups established in 1967
Southern gospel performers
Gospel quartets
Vocal quartets
José Ortiz-Echagüe ( 2 August 1886 in Guadalajara – 7 September 1980 in Madrid ) was a Spanish entrepreneur , industrial and military engineer , pilot and photographer , founder of Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA ( CASA ) and Honorary lifetime President of SEAT ( Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo ) . They were also nominated Gentilhombre de cámara con ejercicio ( Gentleman of the Bedchamber ) during the reign of the King of Spain Alfonso XIII .
Biography
José Ortiz-Echagüe was the second child of the military engineer Antonio Ortiz and their wife Dolores Echagüe . The couple had two daughters and five sons , one of whom died young as a military aspirant . At their birth , José 's father was a professor at the Academy of Military Engineers in Guadalajara . When the father , three years later , was appointed chief of the military garrison in Logroño , the capital of La Rioja , the family moved to Logroño , where José grew up and went to school . They used to consider themselves a 'riojano ' .
Their three-year older brother , Antonio Ortiz-Echagüe , wanted to be a painter , even though in the family of the father and the mother there had been no known artists but several militaries . Antonio was therefore sent to Paris , and over the years they became an internationally known portrait painter of the early twentieth century . Their work is found in an entire dedicated room in the Museo San Telmo in San Sebastián , where their parents lived after the retirement of their father .
In the beginning José Ortiz-Echagüe had aimed for themselves to turn to painting too . They discovered the art of photography at the age of 12 , when they received as a present their first photographic camera from an uncle who was military attaché in Paris : it was a Kodak camera with which they took their first photographs and began to develop their artistic talent . In 1903 , they made a photo in La Rioja during the sermon in a village church ( 'Sermon en la aldea ' ) , for which they received the first prize in the following year at an exhibition in Vitoria . Already in 1904 , the Spanish photo magazine 'Graphos Ilustrado ' published a report on their photos .
But being the son of an Andalusian military engineer and to respect their father 's will since their finances did not allow sending a second son to Paris , in 1903 they joined the Academy of Military engineers in Guadalajara . Thereupon their training and graduation , they served in the Balloon unit during the Spanish-Moroccan War in North Africa . They acquired their aerostat and aircraft pilot license in 1911 , being the third Spanish man awarded to it . Another distinction came in 1914 , as they flew – along with Captain Herrera – first over the Strait of Gibraltar . In 1916 they married their wife Carmen Rubio in Madrid . The marriage resulted in eight children , three of whom are still alive today .
Between 1909 and 1916 while they had moved to the Spanish Protectorate of Morocco , they started their photographic documentary passion , which they continued on their return to Spain . In their photo images they captured not only landscapes and monuments but also human beings as well as their rituals .
As an entrepreneur and an engineer they are renowned for their work in the field of aviation and automobile industry . The beginning of their activity in the aircraft manufacturing business was marked in 1913 during their attempt to fly with a Morane-Saulnier from Paris to Madrid . When the plane caught fire , Ortiz-Echagüe not only managed to rescue themselves as well as the engine undamaged , but they also brought it to Morocco and – in the middle of a military operation – used this for the construction of a new aircraft . After their final return from North Africa they founded in 1923 the aircraft manufacturer Construcciones Aeronáuticas SA ( CASA ) in Seville ( licensed manufacturer by Bücker , Dornier , Heinkel , Junkers ; today its successor EADS CASA is a partner in the construction of Airbus aircraft as a branch of EADS ) .
Later , in 1950 , they established the first assembly line Spanish carmaker 'Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo S.A. ' ( S.E.A.T . S.A. ) becoming its first ever President to be eventually appointed its Executive President until 1976 , a year when they were named Honorary lifetime President of this car company ( since 1986 SEAT has been a subsidiary of the Volkswagen group ) .
Being a pioneer throughout their life , in 1959 , once again they were flying at the age of 72 years as a co-pilot in an F-100 Sabre of the United States Air Force , which – as happened at that time with all U.S. combat aircraft in Europe – had been repaired at the CASA factory . They were by then the oldest person to fly at supersonic speed .
Photographic work
Ortiz-Echagüe believed strongly on the one hand that Spain must modernize itself in accordance with the spirit of the times – inter alia by founding industrial companies – but on the other hand was well aware that a broad modernization could lead to disappearance of traditional clothing , a change in the villages and even a transformation of the landscape . They wanted at least to capture with their camera and hold this cultural heritage , before the change occurred .
Aesthetics
In the field of artistic photography , they are perhaps the most popular photographer in Spain and one of the most well known abroad . In 1935 the magazine 'American Photography ' named them one of the top three photographers in the world , while some critics have also considered them to be one of the best Spanish photographers to date . This recognition becomes even more meritorious when it is considered that photography was a hobby to which they only devoted their spare time , especially during weekends and their various trips .
From an artistic point of view one might consider them as a representative of the generation of '98 in photography , but they are also often included within the photographic movement of pictorialism , being in fact the best known representative of the Spanish photographic pictorialism , even though this late definition never liked to Ortiz-Echagüe . Their photographic work focuses on portraying the most defining characteristics of a people , their customs and their traditional costumes as well as locations . They managed to project through their pictures a personal expression which is closer to painting , often using effects during photo processing . Echagüe remained faithful throughout their life to the aesthetics and techniques of pictorialism , including using gum bichromate and coal .
Working technique
Since 1898 when they got their first camera , they took thousands of photographs entirely in black-and-white . They exposed their negatives using a special technique similar to the carbon printing one ( 'carbón fresson ' ) which was the mainstream practice during their youth . Soon its use would become outdated , however they followed that technique throughout their art , giving a special hue and a greater contrast result to their positives , which now makes their work easily recognizable .
Both paper-making and the procedure of obtaining photographs required a lot of patience , an extraordinary ability and a perfect management of that particular technique . Therefore , over the years and as photographic processes would become more simplified and automated , the few photographers still using this technique would tend to abandon it .
The sheet had a thin layer of gelatin onto which was added a black pigment and it was sensitized to light . The photographer obtained their copies under a process based on the principle that in the parts of the image receiving less light the gelatin would remain soft whereas in the parts of the image receiving more light the gelatin would become hardened . The treatment of the copy – bathing in water and sawdust – dissolved the unhardened gelatin together with the pigment onto it revealing a white zone underneath , while the hardened gelatin resisted the bathing process , trapping the pigment inside and subsequently producing black areas . In this way the image on paper was exposed . But furthermore this printed image with the paper still wet , could be retouched using brushes and cotton swabs or scrapers , giving a lot of freedom for creativity .
The ability to intervene in the outcome of a photograph , the greater richness of tones given from the pigment and its stability were the main reasons that Jose Ortiz-Echagüe used this technique . Nevertheless , this archaic method is not considered to be the strongest component in their images . Without an intriguing subject , a good composition , well directed lights on models and the correct layout of the scene , the procedure of coal placed directly to Fresson paper would give a vulgar result .
Cameras
At the age of 12 Ortiz received their first camera , a present from an uncle : it was a Kodak camera which took 6 plates in 8 × 6.6 cm format .
Their second camera , which they got three years later , also a gift from a relative , and which they were using for five years , was a 'Photo Esphère ' for glass plates in 9 x 12 cm format .
In the years from 1903 to 1909 , they used a 9 × 12 cm folding camera and a 15 × 18 cm travel camera with a wooden stand .
The shots of costumes they captured were taken with a 13 × 18 cm travel camera with a Hermagis Eidoscope lens and a focal length of 26 cm ( Lens speed f/5 ) .
In 1934 they used – especially for landscape shots – a 9 × 12 cm reflex camera and several lenses with focal lengths from 13 to 45 cm .
In their last 20 years ( until 1970 ) , they used simultaneously , a Linhof Technika and – at that time press photographers were very popular in the USA – a Graflex Speed Graphic camera .
Publications
Ortiz-Echagüe themselves made a classification of their works by grouping them into four books :
'Tipos y Trajes ' ( 1930 )
In the series of 'Tipos y Trajes ' ( Characters and Outfits ) we contemplate a Spanish society of a great folklore , yet we see portraits of a great human depth . It is hard not to be impressed by certain looks and behaviors of the characters portrayed , popular personages from streets in Spanish cities .
'España , Pueblos y Paisajes ' ( 1939 )
In 'España , Pueblos y Paisajes ' ( Spain , Peoples and Landscapes ) we see , beyond the mere reproduction of the monument or the landscape , the contrast between lands and peoples .
'España Mística ' ( 1943 )
The series on 'España Mística ' ( Mystical Spain ) focuses in cloistered religious communities and popular devotions such as pilgrimages and processions . In this series they present portraits of monks reminiscent of Zurbarán or El Greco monks .
'España , Castillos y Alcázares ' ( 1956 )
The 'España , Castillos y Alcázares ' ( Spain , Castles and Palaces ) group could be considered a subcategory out of the series 'España , Pueblos y Paisajes ' , but even if it is characterized by extreme dedication , there are very few examples of this series one of them being in possession of their friend Francisco Benito , server and family confidant in Madrid .
To these collections two more series should be added :
'Marruecos '
The 'Marruecos ' ( Morocco ) series was realized during their stay between 1909 and 1916 as a military engineer in the Spanish Protectorate of Morocco .
'Fotos familiares '
The 'Fotos familiares ' ( Family photos ) are portraits realized for their family , many of which are of such high quality as those mentioned above .
The values of their works are evident : the beauty and the magnificence of their photographs , the delicacy and the sensitiveness of their settings , their respect and affection for the traditional personas being portrayed . Their photographs still provoke the same fascination as the time they were taken .
Their work has been republished many times , and has been exhibited in many places worldwide . They received many awards during their lifetime , both in Spain and abroad .
Most of their work is kept in the 'Legado Ortiz-Echagüe ' ( Ortiz-Echagüe Legacy ) , in the University of Navarra , which holds approximately 1,000 original compositions performed under the 'carbón fresson ' technique , and more than 20,000 negatives . The 'Museo del Traje ' ( Museum of Outfits ) in Madrid , under the 'Centro de Investigación del Patrimonio Etnológico ' ( Ethnological Heritage Research Center ) , preserves a good collection of photographs from the series 'Tipos y Trajes ' , acquired in 1933 .
Retrospective exhibitions
In Berlin in 1929 an exhibition of their photographs was held and after that , their book 'Spanische Köpfe – Bilder aus Kastilien , Aragonien und Andalusien ' was published .
The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City organized in 1960 a retrospective exhibition entitled 'Spectacular Spain ' , in which Ortiz-Echagüe appeared alongside artists such as Goya . This exhibition displayed eighty photographs of Ortiz-Echagüe .
In 1998 the University of Navarra , owner of a great part of Ortiz-Echagüe 's photographic collection , based on the selection made by the Metropolitan Museum of Art , organized a retrospective exhibition of photographs , spanning some sixty years of production until 1964 . Since 1998 this selection has travelled around various museums and exhibitions , including the 'Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya ' ( National Art Museum of Catalonia ) , the Hôtel de Sully in Paris ( an exhibition entitled 'Mirages of Spain ' in 1999 ) , the 'Sala de Armas de la Ciudadela de Pamplona ' ( Hall of Arms of the Pamplona Citadel ) , the 'Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía ' ( National Art Museum Reina Sofía ) ( the latter exceeding 150,000 visitors ) , the 'Palacio del Infantado ' ( Palace of Infantado ' ) in Guadalajara , or even the 'Sala Amós Salvador ' ( Hall of Amós Salvador ) in Logroño .
Bibliography
Frédérique Chapuis , « Un grand d'Espagne » , Télérama n° 2561 , 10 février 1999 , p. 44
Ortiz-Echagüe , Madrid : Tf . Editores-LaFábrica , 1998 ( Catálogo publicado con motivo de la exposición antológica ) ,
Asunción Domeño : Ortiz-Echagüe , notario de la tradición , Madrid : La Fábrica , 2005 ,
Asunción Domeño : La fotografía de José Ortiz-Echagüe : técnica , estética y temática , Pamplona : Gobierno de Navarra , Departamento de Educación y Cultura , 2000 ,
Ortiz Echagüe . Editores-La Fábrica , Madrid 1998 , ( Retrospective exhibition catalog )
Jose Ortiz-Echagüe : Spanien . Landschaften u . Portraits 1903 – 1964 . Translated from Spanish by Susanne Felkau . Schirmer/Mosel Verlag , München 1979 ,
Javier Ortiz-Echagüe : NORTE DE ÁFRICA , Ortiz Echagüe . Editores-La Fábrica , Madrid 2013 , ( Catalogue of exhibition in Museu Nacional D'Art de Catalunya )
References
External links
Ortiz-Echagüe Legacy in the University of Navarra
Page about José Ortiz-Echagüe in Centro Virtual Cervantes
The photo of José Ortiz-Echagüe in País Vasco y Navarra
About José Ortiz-Echagüe ( Airbus-Military )
Spanish photographers
Spanish industrial engineers
Spanish military engineers
Spanish aviators
SEAT people
1886 births
1980 deaths
20th-century Spanish engineers
People from Logroño
People of Andalusian descent
People from Guadalajara , Spain
Mohammad Hassan Khalil , also known as Mohammad Khalil , was raised in East Lansing , Michigan , and is currently Professor of Religious Studies , Adjunct Professor of Law , and Director of the Muslim Studies Program at Michigan State University .
Career
Khalil received their B.A . ( with High Distinction ) , M.A. , and Ph.D. from the University of Michigan ( Ann Arbor ) , and was previously an assistant professor of Religion and visiting professor of Law at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
Khalil is the author of Islam and the Fate of Others : The Salvation Question ( New York : Oxford University Press , 2012 ) , which shows how four of Islam 's most prominent scholars—al-Ghazali ( d. 1111 ) , Ibn al-'Arabi ( d. 1240 ) , Ibn Taymiyyah ( d. 1328 ) , and Muhammad Rashid Rida ( d. 1935 ) -- imagined ( each in their own way ) a paradise replete with non-Muslims . In addition , Khalil argues that neither exclusivism—the belief that only Muslims could ever be saved—nor pluralism—the belief that multiple religions are equally salvific—was as popular in Islamic theology as numerous scholars of religion have assumed . This is a point that Khalil highlights in their article `` Salvation and the 'Other ' in Islamic thought : The Contemporary Pluralism Debate ( in English ) ( Religion Compass 2011 ) .
In April 2010 , Khalil organized the first known international symposium on salvation in Islamic thought called `` Islam , Salvation , and the Fate of Others . '' The symposium featured a diversity of eminent scholars of Islam and was held at the University of Illinois ( Urbana-Champaign ) . Most of the papers presented at the symposium appear in a volume edited by Khalil called Between Heaven and Hell : Islam , Salvation and the Fate of Others ( New York : Oxford University Press , 2013 ) -- the first ever multi-authored volume on salvation in Islam in English .
In their 2018 book Jihad , Radicalism , and the New Atheism , Khalil scrutinizes the popular New Atheist claim that Islam is fundamentally violent ; they do this `` by comparing the conflicting interpretations of jihad offered by mainstream Muslim scholars , Muslim radicals , and New Atheists . ''
From 2012 to 2018 , Khalil served on the Board of Directors of the Society for the Study of Muslim Ethics .
Works
Islam and the Fate of Others : The Salvation Question ( New York : Oxford University Press , 2012 )
Between Heaven and Hell : Islam , Salvation , and the Fate of Others ( New York : Oxford University Press , 2013 )
Jihad , Radicalism , and the New Atheism ( New York : Cambridge University Press , 2018 )
Muslims and US Politics Today : A Defining Moment ( Harvard University Press and ILEX , 2019 )
References
External links
Living people
American non-fiction writers
Michigan State University people
American Islamic studies scholars
University of Michigan alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
James Arthur Burrow ( born November 29 , 1953 ) , commonly known as Jimmy Burrow , is a former all-star defensive back in the Canadian Football League and the National Football League and retired college football coach . They are the father of Heisman Trophy winner and Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow .
Burrow played college football at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln . They were drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the eighth round of the 1976 NFL Draft and played that season with the team . Following their time with the Packers , they played in the Canadian Football League with the Montreal Alouettes , the Calgary Stampeders , and the Ottawa Rough Riders .
Burrow 's last coaching position was as defensive coordinator for Ohio University from 2005 until their retirement after the 2018 season . At the time of their retirement , they had been one of the longest-tenured coordinators in Division I football . They were Associate Head Coach from 2017 until their retirement . For their efforts , Burrow was named Scout.com 's 2009 MAC Defensive Coordinator of the Year .
Burrow previously coached at various positions for , respectively , Washington State , Iowa State , Ames High School , Nebraska , and North Dakota State . They timed their retirement from coaching to coincide with the final college football season of their son Joe Burrow , who played at LSU in 2019 . The elder Burrow publicly acknowledged that their wish to attend all of their son 's 2019 games played a role in their retirement decision .
References
1953 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Hampton , Virginia
Players of American football from Virginia
American football defensive backs
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
Green Bay Packers players
Montreal Alouettes players
Calgary Stampeders players
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Coaches of American football from Virginia
Washington State Cougars football coaches
Iowa State Cyclones football coaches
High school football coaches in Iowa
Nebraska Cornhuskers football coaches
North Dakota State Bison football coaches
Ohio Bobcats football coaches
Amory High School alumni
People from Amory , Mississippi
Tapani Kalliomäki ( born 1970 in Tampere , Finland ) is a Finnish stage and film actor .
Kalliomäki graduated from Finnish Helsinki theatre academy in 1997 . Their teachers in the academy were for example Kari Heiskanen , Kari Väänänen and Vesa Vierikko . Kalliomäki began their career in theatre in the late 1980s as a stage actor . Entering Finnish film in 1995 , they have worked with director Timo Koivusalo on several occasions appearing in the 2003 film Sibelius alongside actors such as Martti Suosalo , Heikki Nousiainen , Seela Sella , Miina Turunen , Vesa Vierikko , Raimo Grönberg , and Jarmo Mäkinen . Then , in 2005 , they worked with Timo Koivusalo and Martti Suosalo again in the film of that year in Kaksipäisen kotkan varjossa . In 2007 , Kalliomäki is seen in Åke Lindman 's film Tali-Ihantala as Majuri Suurkari and on television in production Puolustuksen puheenvuoro playing the role of lawyer Silvasti . Kalliomäki has worked for example in Teatteri Pieni Suomi , Radioteatteri , Helsinki city theatre , KOM-theatre , Kallio-theatre and now they are actor of Lahti city theatre . Kalliomäki will play the role of Janne Kivivuori in the upcoming movies Täällä Pohjantähden alla ( 2009 ) and Täällä Pohjantähden alla II ( 2010 ) .
On television , they have been in about twenty made for TV movies and played the lead role in the series Hovimäki .
Filmography
Lipton Cockton in the Shadows of Sodoma ( 1995 )
Sirpaleita ( short 1996 )
Hovimäki ( TV series 1999-2003 )
Sibelius ( 2003 )
Seitsemän veljestä ( TV movie 2004 )
The Long Gone ( short 2004 )
Shadow of the Eagle ( 2005 )
Tali-Ihantala 1944 ( 2007 )
Puolustuksen puheenvuoro ( TV series 2009 )
Under the North Star ( 2009 )
Täällä Pohjantähden alla II ( 2010 )
External links
1970 births
Living people
Male actors from Tampere
Finnish male film actors
Finnish male stage actors
St. Augustine 's High School ( SAHS ) is a Christian boys school which has resulted turned into a coed school in Vasai , Vasai-Virar , Maharashtra , India . The school has two grounds . The main ground is located at the back is one of the biggest grounds in Vasai . The campus consists of three buildings . The main building which can be seen from the main road is the high school building . Classes from 5th standard to 10th standard are held over here . To the right of the building is the primary section . Just beside the main field is the residence of the Christian brothers . A statue of Edmund Ignatius Rice is located on the site .
History
St Augustine 's High School was started in 1972 by the Christian Brothers Association of India , Indian arm of the Congregation of Christian Brothers . It achieved 100 % results of standard 10th each year . It was visited by Pope John Paul II on February 9 , 1986 , when they held a prayer meeting on the grounds of the school
Location
It is located in Vasai taluka in the Palghar district of Maharashtra .
External links
http : //www.vasaitaluka.in/school.aspx
http : //www.indianexpress.com/res/web/pIe/ie/daily/19981111/31550534.html
http : //network.edmundrice.eu/
Congregation of Christian Brothers secondary schools
Catholic secondary schools in India
Boys ' schools in India
Primary schools in India
High schools and secondary schools in Maharashtra
Christian schools in Maharashtra
Education in Vasai-Virar
Educational institutions established in 1970
1970 establishments in Maharashtra
Beaker is the second album by the American alternative rock band 22 Brides . It was released in 1995 .
The band supported the album by touring with Dick Dale . The first single was `` Lullabye '' .
A comic book , 22 Brides , inspired in part by the band and created by Joe Quesada and Jimmy Palmiotti , was used to promote Beaker via a full-page ad in each issue .
Production
The album was produced by Adam Lasus and band leaders/sisters Carrie and Libby Johnson , with additional production by J. Cox . Much of it was recorded using Lasus 's analog equipment . Unlike the band 's debut , Beaker included a studio drummer and an additional studio guitarist/bassist ; full-time band members were recruited after its completion .
Critical reception
Trouser Press thought that `` the graft of punky abandon to the trunk of folky preciousness does n't mesh strongly enough to make the second album more than moderately intriguing ... but experimental hybrids do have a way of sprouting strange flowers . '' The Albuquerque Journal praised the `` straightforward pop sincerity that rocks accordingly ... No cutesy Veruca Salt beguilement or overly catchy riffs . '' The State deemed the album `` a refreshing blast of energetic guitar pop , reminiscent of The Bangles and The Pretenders . ''
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch determined that `` the melodies and execution frequently fall into pleasant genericism ( and the slower stuff simply drags ) . '' The Austin American-Statesman labeled the group a `` Pretenders-meets-Nirvana quartet . '' Acknowledging the Indigo Girls comparisons resulting from the debut album , Tulsa World called the sisters `` indie-go girls—all the guts without the cheap sentiment . '' The Washington Post opined that `` though it 's noteworthy for being livelier and more raucous than the band 's self-titled debut , 22 Brides ' Beaker reveals that [ the ] sibling singer-songwriters ... have gotten better at both ballads and rockers . ''
AllMusic wrote that `` 22 Brides add a raw , electric edge to Carrie and Libby Johnson 's blissful sibling harmonies on their sophomore release . ''
Track listing
References
1995 albums
Zero Hour Records albums
Robert Krauß ( 20 March 1894 – 20 February 1953 ) was a German staff officer during World War II . They were the air-base-commandant of Halberstadt from 1935 to 1936 and Kolberg from 1938 to 1939 .
Career
Robert Krauß was born on 20 March 1894 in Bayreuth , Bavaria , in the Kingdom of Bavaria .
As World War I broke out , Krauß entered the Army as a war volunteer with the Replacement Battalion of the 1st Bavarian Field-Artillery-Regiment ( 16 August 1914 – 20 October 1914 ) .
By the time World War II began , they were an Oberstleutnant ( Lieutenant Colonel ) . Krauß went on to serve as a Generalmajor in the Luftwaffe during World War II . They were an officer with special duties of the RLM and C-in-C Luftwaffe ( 1 November 1939 – 28 February 1940 ) and group-leader in the Regulations-Department , RLM ( 1 March 1940 – 30 September 1940 ) . From 1 October 1940 to 30 April 1941 , they were the commander of the Greater Bomber Flying School 3 in Warsaw and air-base-commandant Warsaw .
They were released from captivity in June 1947 and died in Lindau , Germany on 20 February 1953 .
Bibliography
John Weal : They 111 Kampfgeschwader in the West ( Combat Aircraft ) . Osprey Publishing , 2012 , p. 89 , .
References
1894 births
1953 deaths
People from Bayreuth
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
Luftstreitkräfte personnel
Military personnel of Bavaria
Luftwaffe World War II generals
Major generals of the Luftwaffe
Fuwa-hokubu Bosai Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan . The dam is used for flood control . The catchment area of the dam is 5.7 km2 . The dam impounds about 9 ha of land when full and can store 1128 thousand cubic meters of water . The construction of the dam was started on 1973 and completed in 1985 .
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1985 establishments in Japan
İbrahim Sirkeci ( born 1972 , Izmir , Turkey ) is a British Turkish social scientist , Professor at various British universities . They previously worked at the European Business School London , Regent 's University London , and was the Director of Regent 's Centre for Transnational Studies .
Biography
Sirkeci received their BA in Political Science and Public Administration from Bilkent University , Ankara and PhD in Human Geography from the University of Sheffield .
Prior to joining the European Business School London of Regent 's University London , they worked as a Leverhulme Research Fellow at the Centre for the Study of Ethnicity and Citizenship , University of Bristol , and also as assistant professor at a private university in Ankara , Turkey .
They are editor of several international peer-reviewed scholarly journals including Migration Letters , Transnational Marketing Journal , and Goc Dergisi . They authored several books including Cultures of Migration published by University of Texas Press in 2011 , and The Environment of Insecurity in Turkey and the Emigration of Turkish Kurds to Germany , was published by Edwin Mellen Press in 2006 .
Work
Sirkeci 's research focuses on human mobility , remittances , transnational marketing , marketing of higher education , transnational consumers , ethnicity , segmentation , segregation and labour markets , conflict , international migration with particular reference to minorities in the UK , Turkish , Kurdish migration to Germany , Turkey and Iraq .
They have written widely on transnational marketing , international migration , internal migration , population movements , labour market , segregation , ethnic conflict , minorities , Turks , Kurds , and remittances . Sirkeci also writes a weekly column for Turkish daily newspaper Birgun .
Their research is published in journals including Environment and Planning A , Sociological Research Online , Ethnic and Racial Studies , International Migration , and Journal of Biosocial Science. , and Population Review
Bibliography
( bilingual : English and Turkish ) .
( in Turkish )
See also
British Turks
List of British Turks
References
External links
Direct Marketing , editorial advisory board
Professor Ibrahim Sirkeci 's talk at European Parliament
Population Review , scientific review board
Home page at EBSL
Ibrahim Sirkeci , The Environment of Insecurity in Turkey and the Emigration of Turkish Kurds to Germany , New York , Edwin Mellen Press , 2006
BirGün columnists
Ibrahim Sirkeci Londra Yazıları YOKSULLAR VE İŞÇİLER KONUŞULMADI , 28 Eylül 2008
1972 births
Living people
Demographers
Turkish columnists
Turkish business theorists
Turkish non-fiction writers
Management scientists
Turkish social scientists
Turkish political scientists
Bilkent University alumni
David Stern was born on February 3 , 1956 in Essen , Germany and lives in New York . Stern has referred to themselves as an “ action painter , ” echoing the artistic legacies of New York School painters Jackson Pollock , Willem de Kooning and Franz Kline . Yet their human forms reach further back to histories of portraiture .
After an apprenticeship as a sign painter Stern attended the Dortmund Fachhochschule für Design and Art ( 1975–79 ) and the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf ( 1980–82 ) . They then taught painting at the Dortmund Fachhochschule für Design and Art , while they developed their painting skills living in a village near the town of Münster . In 1986 they moved to Cologne , where they found their artistic voice . From 1987 on , Stern exhibited their work nationally and quickly entered the international scene in the early nineties , with shows in Austria , Hungary , the Netherlands , Belgium and Great Britain . Stern 's 1992 retrospective exhibition David Stern : Study for a Way at the Hungarian National Gallery in Budapest was the first exhibition by a contemporary Western artist after Hungary opened to the West .
In 1993 Esme showed their work in the US for the first time , immigrated in 1994 and became naturalized in 2000 .
Since their arrival , they have been fascinated by their encounters with an intensely urban place defined by its energy , crowding , speed and cosmopolitism . Their national traveling exhibition David Stern : The American Years ( 1995–2008 ) curated by Karen Wilkin , demonstrates shifts in form and content in Stern 's work since the artist moved to New York from Germany in 1995 .
Stern has exhibited widely in New York City , the US and Europe .
Their work can be found in public and private collections in the United States , Europe and Asia , including the Metropolitan Museum of Art ( New York ) , the Kupferstichkabinett Dresden ( Dresden , Germany ) , the National Museum ( Poznan , Poland ) , Dresdner Bank ( Cologne , Germany ) , the Kunstsammlung der Universität Göttingen ( Göttingen , Germany ) , the Arkansas Art Center ( Little Rock ) , the Museum of Contemporary Art Jacksonville ( Jacksonville , Florida ) , the John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art ( Sarasota , Florida ) , and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum ( New York ) .
September 11 , 2001
Stern 's paintings The Gatherings are powerful monuments of collective mourning after the events of September 11 , 2001 . The paintings are in the collection of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum in New York .
Portraits
Throughout their career David Stern has created portraits - always self-portraits and portraits of those close to them - and always in the same close to life size - based on drawings that the model sits for . In addition to portraits of family members , they painted portraits of friends like the philosophers Günther Anders ( 1986/90 ) and Abraham Ehrlich ( 1990 ) , the saxophonist Matze Schubert ( 1988 ) , the artists Emil B. Hartwig ( 1990 ) , Al Hansen ( 1993 ) , Marvin Hayes and Frank Bara ( 2001/02 ) and William Wegman ( 2008 ) , the football player Willis Crenshaw , the diplomats Berel Rodal ( 2002/03 ) and Ronald Fagan ( 1999 ) , the author , screenwriter and poet Jeremy Larner ( 1999 ) the actor and therapist Doe Lang ( 2011/12 ) , or the art critic and curator Karen Wilkin ( 1999 ) .
Digital Drawings
Stern has been involved with digital drawings since the first drawing apps for the iPhone came on the market . Their thoughts about the nature and practice of digital drawings were published in 2013 .
In the same year , Stern published the artist book “ heros and graces , ” 21 years after they published “ the erotic nature of truth ” with the philosopher Abraham Ehrlich ( among others in the collection of The Metropolitan Museum of Art ) . It is a meditation on gender and based on a number of touch screen drawings .
Notes
References
David Stern , “ In the Beginning was a Drawing… ( Thoughts on Drawing and Binary Code ) ” and Chapter 14 : “ Black and White Magic by David Stern , New York , USA ” in David Scott Leibowitz , Mobile Digital Art . Using the iPad and iPhone as Creative Tools , 2013 , ,
David Stern , heroes and graces , New York 2013 http : //www.blurb.com/b/4234682-david-stern-heros-and-graces
Thomas Ketelsen , “ Skypieces or ‘ Epiphanien des Zufalls ' . David Sterns New Yorker Skizzenbuch im Dresdner Kupferstich-Kabinett , in Nina C. Illgen , Martin Roth : Dresden – New York : zu Ehren des 90 . Geburtstages von Henry H. Arnhold . Dt . Kunstverlag , Berlin/Munich 2011 * Karen Wilkin and Lance Esplund in David Stern : The American Years ( 1995–2008 ) , New York : Yeshiva University Museum ( 2008/2009 ) ; Tulsa , OK : Alexandre Hogue Gallery ( 2008 ) ; Phoenix , AZ : Phoenix College ( 2010 ) ; Charleston , SC : William Halsey Institute of Contemporary Art ( 2010 ) ,
Teel Sale and Claudia Betti , Drawing . A Contemporary Approach , 6th edition , Belmont , CA 2008 , p. 34 , no . 2.12 ,
Lonnie Pierson Dunbier ( Editor ) , The Artists Bluebook . 34,000 North American Artists . 16th Century to March 2005 , Scottsdale ( Arizona ) , 2005 , p. 479
Karen Wilkin and Mitchell Cohen in David Stern : Recent Paintings , New York : Rosenberg + Kaufman Fine Art 1999
Marc Scheps and Ori Z. Soltes in David Stern : Identity and Relationship , Washington , DC : National Jewish Museum 1994
Justus Bierich and Cornel Wachter ( Hrsg . ) , David Stern : Studie für einen Weg/Tanulmany egy utrol/Study for a way 1987-1992 , Budapest : Hungarian National Gallery 1992 , mit Beiträgen von Lorand Bereczky , Werner Schmalenbach , Karl Arndt , Avraham Ehrlich und Jürgen Kisters , Kunstverlag Wolfrum Wien 1992
Karl Arndt and Gudrun Meyer , David Stern : Malerei , Göttingen : Kunstsammlung der Universität Göttingen 1992
External links
`` The Flux of Experience '' - feature by the Fred Helm Film Group about the New York artist David Stern , filmed 2006 at David Stern Studio and the project 1740 space at the Starrett Lehigh Building in New York City , narrated by Tsvi Blanchard : http : //video.yahoo.com/watch/4855123/12945815
David Stern Studio : http : //www.davidstern.us
A conversation : Karen Wilkin talks with David Stern at the New York Studio School in January 2007 : http : //video.google.com/videoplay ? docid=-252275628449895489
A panel discussion : Figuration , Abstraction and the Spiritual on November 18 , 2008 at the Yeshiva University Museum , New York . Moderator : Karen Wilkin , Panelists : Lance Esplund , Jill Nathanson , Archie Rand and David Stern : https : //web.archive.org/web/20110604163002/http : //video.google.com/videoplay ? docid=3276628304264387136 & q=source:005743370824443630880 & hl=en
Rich Fisher of Studio Tulsa talks with painter David Stern on KWGS , 89.5 NPR on October 29 , 2008 about their National Travel Exhibition `` The American Years '' : http : //video.google.com/videoplay ? docid=4923056936159719581 & hl=en
Blake Eskin , “ A Passion for Impasto , ” ARTnews Summer 2002 , pp . 122–124 : http : //www.davidstern.us/blakeeskinArtNews2002.html
Lance Esplund , `` David Stern at Rosenberg & Kaufman '' , Art in America , June 2000 , pp . 124–25 : http : //www.encyclopedia.com/doc/1G1-62685239.html
Charles Ruas , “ up now : David Stern at YU Museum ” , ARTnews , January 2009 , p. 112 : http : //www.davidstern.us/ARTnews2009review.html
Monica Strauss , “ David Stern . Rituelle Gesten , ” Aufbau , September 2007 , p. 10 : http : //www.davidstern.us/Aufbau07.jpg
David Grosz , `` Human Figures , Broken and Restored , In the Work of one Artist , '' Forward , March 19 , 2004 , p. 11 : http : //www.davidstern.us/articleDavidGrosz.html
German emigrants to the United States
20th-century German painters
20th-century American male artists
German male painters
21st-century German painters
1956 births
German portrait painters
Living people
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Kunstakademie Düsseldorf alumni
20th-century American printmakers
20th-century German printmakers
The Nokia C2-03 is a mobile phone manufactured by Nokia . This is one of the first mobile phones released by Nokia that possesses a touchscreen in a `` slider '' form factor ( the other one being Nokia C2-02 ) . Previously released touchscreen devices from Nokia using Series 40 Operating System have been in `` candybar '' form factor .
Features
The key feature of this phone is touch and type and Dual SIM . It means that the phone has touch screen and alpha-numeric ( 12 key ) keyboard but no navigation or soft keys . Other main features include : a 2.0-megapixel camera , Maps , Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR , Flash Lite 3.0 and MIDP Java 2.1 with additional Java APIs .
Specification sheet
References
External links
http : //www.gsmarena.com/nokia_c2_03-3995.php
Nokia C2-03 Device specifications at Forum Nokia
Mobile phones introduced in 2011
C2-03
Mobile phones with user-replaceable battery
Slider phones
Charles Jaco ( born August 21 , 1950 ) is an American journalist and author , best known for their coverage of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait and the ensuing Gulf War . Jaco was born August 21 , 1950 in Poplar Bluff , Missouri .
They graduated from the University of Chicago in 1973 and earned a master 's degree from Columbia University in 1976 . In 1976 , they began their broadcast career with WXRT radio in Chicago , Illinois .
They worked for NBC Radio from 1979 until 1988 . In 1987 , they were badly beaten by the security forces of Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega . In late 1988 , they became a correspondent for CNN . In 1989 , while covering allegations of electoral fraud by the Panamanian government , Jaco was visited by vigilantes of Noriega . They fled the country with the aid of the U.S. military . While covering the Gulf War for CNN in 1991 , they proposed to fellow CNN correspondent Pat Neal . They left CNN in 1994 and joined KMOX .
They authored Dead Air , a novel about the Gulf War , and Live Shot , a novel set in Cuba . In 2002 , they authored The Complete Idiot 's Guide to the Gulf War , and in 2003 co-authored The Complete Idiot 's Guide to the Politics of Oil . In 2003 they became a reporter and anchor for KTVI television in St. Louis , Missouri , while hosting the station 's The Jaco Report . In 2009 , they began work at the radio station KTRS 550 , doing a daily morning talk show , also titled The Jaco Report . In February 2010 Jaco allegedly bumped into conservative blogger Adam Sharp . Based on Sharp 's video of the encounter , the city prosecutor declined to pursue charges against Jaco .
In October 2010 , Jaco was replaced by J.C. Corcoran at KTRS . In August 2012 Jaco interviewed then U.S. Representative and senatorial candidate Todd Akin on The Jaco Report in which Akin controversially claimed that women rarely become pregnant from `` legitimate rape . '' Jaco left KTVI in 2014 . Jaco writes regular columns for the St. Louis American .
References
External links
Twitter account
Homepage at MetroSTL.com
KTVI 's The Jaco Report ( archived )
University of Chicago alumni
Columbia University alumni
American radio reporters and correspondents
American television reporters and correspondents
CNN people
Writers from Missouri
American political commentators
American columnists
1950 births
Living people
Accuracy disputes from July 2010
Orfilea is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1858 . It is native to Madagascar and other islands in the Indian Ocean .
Species
Orfilea ankafinensis ( Baill . ) Radcl.-Sm . & Govaerts - W Madagascar
Orfilea coriacea Baill . - Comoros , Madagascar
Orfilea multispicata ( Baill . ) G.L.Webster - Madagascar
Orfilea neraudiana ( Baill . ) G.L.Webster - Mauritius
References
Alchorneae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Taxa named by Henri Ernest Baillon
The San Miguel Archangel Parish Church , commonly referred to as Orion Church , is a 16th-century , Baroque church located at Brgy . San Vicente , Orion , Bataan , Philippines . The parish church , dedicated to Saint Michael , the Archangel , is under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Balanga . A marker bearing the brief history of the structure has been installed in its façade by the National Historical Committee , precursor of the National Historical Commission of the Philippines . The current priest of the parish church is Fr . Percival V. Medina , with Fr . Maximo D. Villanueva , Jr. serve as parochial vicar .
Parish and Architectural History
Orion was established by the Dominican Priests on April 30 , 1667 . The present-day 19th-century church was built by Father Jose Campomanes , OP after an earthquake in 1852 which destroyed the previous structure .
Architecture and Ornamentation
Exterior
The church façade is of barn-style Baroque , a style that has been described as typically found in most Spanish-era churches in the Philippines . It features side pillars capped by urn-like finials , pilasters that divide the façade into five segments and cornices that divide the expanse of the wall into two levels . The pediment is semi-arched and ends into two small volutes before tapering down to the sides . It is adorned by a framed saint 's niche flanked by two hexagonal windows . A concrete porte cochere has been added later into the structure . To the left of the church rises the four-level , slender belfry . The two uppermost levels are octagonal and are pierced with rectangular , circular and semicircular arched campanile windows .
Interior
The main altarpiece or retablo , which was done in the early 18th century , is done in Rococo style .
See also
Roman Catholicism in the Philippines
Roman Catholic Diocese of Balanga
Balanga Cathedral
References
External links
Official Website of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Balanga
Roman Catholic churches in Bataan
Spanish Colonial architecture in the Philippines
Baroque architecture in the Philippines
The 2017 World Seniors Championship was an invitational senior snooker tournament , that took place at the Baths Hall in Scunthorpe , England , from 22 to 24 March 2017 . Qualifying for the tournament was open to non-tour players , who were aged 40 and over on 1 January 2017 .
In addition to the winner 's cheque the champion received a place in the qualifying tournament for the 2017 World Professional Snooker Championship in Sheffield .
Mark Davis was the prior champion . However they were not eligible for this year 's edition , as it was exclusively for non-tour players .
Snooker Legends organised the event for the first time having replaced the WPBSA who previously sanctioned the event .
Peter Lines won the tournament without losing a single frame . They beat John Parrott 4–0 in the final .
Prize fund
The breakdown of the tournament prizes is shown below :
Winner : £10,000 and a place in WC qualifying
Runner-up : £3,000
Semi-finalist : £1,500
Quarter-finalist : £500
Highest break : £500
Total : £18,500
Field
Seeded players
Players were seeded based on the titles won during their professional careers :
Stephen Hendry – 7 world titles ( 1990 , 1992–96 , 1999 ) , 18 triple crown events
Cliff Thorburn – 1 world title ( 1980 ) , 4 triple crown events
John Parrott – 1 world title ( 1991 ) , 2 triple crown events , 9 ranking events
Dennis Taylor – 1 world title ( 1985 ) , 2 triple crown events , 2 ranking events
Joe Johnson – 1 world title ( 1986 ) , 1 triple crown event
Patsy Fagan – 1 triple crown event
Tony Knowles – 2 ranking events
Willie Thorne – 1 ranking event
Steve Davis , Ray Reardon , Terry Griffiths , Tony Meo and Doug Mountjoy were invited to take part , but declined .
Qualifying
Four qualifying events took place during February and March 2017 :
17–19 February : The Crucible Sports and Social Club , Newbury , England ( Qualifying Event 1 )
23–25 February : The Northern Snooker Centre , Leeds , England ( Qualifying Event 2 )
3–5 March : Ballroom Nürnberg , Nuremberg , Germany ( Qualifying Event 3 )
10–12 March – D'Arcy McGees at Spawell , Dublin , Ireland ( Qualifying Event 4 )
Each qualifier took their place alongside the eight invited players in the main draw of the championship .
Main draw
All matches were played with a 30-second shot clock with players having two time-outs per match
* Re-spotted black ball replaced final frame deciders
Final
50+ breaks
69 Peter Lines
55 Aiden Owens
References
2017
2017 in snooker
2017 in English sport
Sport in Scunthorpe
World Seniors Championship
Bountya insularis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Bountya . Both the genus and species was first described by J. I. Townsend in 1971 from specimens collected by E. G. Turbott on Bounty Island on 11 November 1950 . The holotype specimen is in the entomology collection of the Auckland War Memorial Museum .
References
Broscini
Monotypic Carabidae genera
Beetles of New Zealand
Hydrazine sulfate , more properly hydrazinium hydrogensulfate , is a salt of the cation hydrazinium and the anion bisulfate ( hydrogensulfate ) , with the formula or more properly . It is a white , water-soluble solid at room temperature .
Hydrazine sulfate has a number of uses in chemical laboratories and in the chemical industry , including analytical chemistry and the synthesis of organic compounds . In those uses it is usually preferred to pure hydrazine , because it is not volatile and is less susceptible to atmospheric oxidation on storage .
Preparation
The compound can be prepared by treating an aqueous solution of hydrazine ( ) with sulfuric acid ( ) .
Laboratory and industrial uses
Besides its general use as a safe source of hydrazine , the compound is used as a catalyst in making fibers out of acetate , in the analysis and synthesis of minerals , and testing for arsenic in metals .
Medical uses
Hydrazine sulfate can be used as a fungicide and antiseptic .
Hydrazine sulfate has been used as an alternative medical treatment for the loss of appetite ( anorexia ) and rapid weight loss ( cachexia ) , which are often associated with cancer .
Legal status
Although it has been marketed as a dietary supplement , hydrazine sulfate has never been approved in the United States as safe and effective in treating any medical condition .
History
Hydrazine sulfate was first proposed as an anti-cancer agent by U.S. physician Joseph Gold in the mid-1970s . Gold 's arguments were based on the fact that cancer cells are often unusually dependent on glycolysis for energy ( the Warburg effect ) . Gold proposed that the body might offset this increased glycolysis using gluconeogenesis , which is the pathway that is the reverse of glycolysis . Since this process would require a great deal of energy , Gold thought that inhibiting gluconeogenesis might reverse this energy requirement and be an effective treatment for cancer cachexia . Hydrazine is a reactive chemical that in the test tube can inactivate one of the enzymes needed for gluconeogenesis , phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase ( PEP-CK ) . It was also postulated that if tumor energy gain ( glycolysis ) and host-energy loss ( gluconeogenesis ) were functionally interrelated , inhibition of gluconeogenesis at PEP CK could result in actual tumor regression in addition to reversal or arrest of cancer cachexia . In this model , hydrazine sulfate is therefore thought to act by irreversibly inhibiting the enzyme phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase .
The use of hydrazine sulfate as a cancer remedy was popularized by the magazine Penthouse in the mid-1990s , when Kathy Keeton , wife and business partner of the magazine 's publisher Bob Guccione , used it in an attempt to treat their metastatic breast cancer . Alternative medicine nutritionist Gary Null wrote three of the articles about alternative cancer treatments , including one titled `` The Great Cancer Fraud . '' Keeton ( until their death in 1997 ) and other supporters of hydrazine sulfate treatment accused the U.S. National Cancer Institute ( NCI ) of deliberately hiding the beneficial effects of the compound , and threatened to launch a class action lawsuit . The NCI denied the claims , and says that there is little to no evidence that hydrazine sulfate has any beneficial effects whatsoever . The position of the NCI was supported by an inquiry held by the General Accounting Office .
Clinical evaluation
A review of the clinical research concluded that hydrazine sulfate has never been shown to act as an anticancer agent ; patients do not experience remissions or regressions of their cancer , and patients do not live longer than non-treated patients . Some academic reviews of alternative cancer treatments have described the compound as a `` disproved and ineffective treatment for cancer '' .
Joseph Gold 's claims have been questioned by the American Cancer Society , and other investigators have been unable to repeat or confirm these results . Gold is reported not to trust the motives or results of other investigators , with CNN quoting them as stating that `` they 've been out to get hydrazine sulfate , and I do n't know why '' .
In response to these results , an uncontrolled clinical trial was carried out at the Petrov Research Institute of Oncology in St. Petersburg over a period of 17 years , and a controlled trial was carried out at the Harbor-UCLA Medical Center in California over period of 10 years , respectively . The Russian trial reported complete tumor regression in about 1 % of cases , a partial response in about 3 % of cases and some subjective improvement of symptoms in about half of the patients . The National Cancer Institute analysis of this trial notes that interpretation of these data is difficult , due to the absence of controls , the lack of information on prior treatment and the study 's reliance on subjective assessments of symptoms ( i.e . asking patients if the drug had made them feel any better ) . Overall , the trials in California saw no statistically significant effect on survival from hydrazine sulfate treatment , but noted increased calorie intake in treated patients versus controls . The authors also performed a post-hoc analysis on one or more subgroups of these patients , which they reported as suggesting a beneficial effect from treatment . The design and interpretation of this trial , and in particular the validity of this subgroup analysis , was criticized in detail in an editorial in the Journal of Clinical Oncology .
Later randomized controlled trials failed to find any improvement in survival , For example , in a trial of the treatment of advanced lung cancer , with either cisplatin and vinblastine or these drugs plus hydrazine sulfate , saw complete tumor regression in 4 % of the hydrazine group , versus 3 % in the control group , and tumor progression in 36 % of the hydrazine group , versus 30 % of the control group ; however , none of these differences were statistically significant . Some trials even found both significantly decreased survival and significantly poorer quality of life in those patients receiving hydrazine sulfate . These consistently negative results have resulted in hydrazine sulfate being described as a `` disproven cancer therapy '' in a recent medical review . Similarly , other reviews have concluded that there is `` strong evidence '' against the use of hydrazine sulfate to treat anorexia or weight loss in cancer patients .
Side effects
Hydrazine sulfate is toxic and potentially carcinogenic . Nevertheless , the short-term side effects reported in various clinical trials are relatively mild : minor nausea and vomiting , dizziness and excitement , polyneuritis ( inflammation of the nerves ) and difficulties in fine muscle control ( such as writing ) . However , more serious , even fatal side effects have been reported in rare cases : one patient developed fatal liver and kidney failure , and another developed serious symptoms of neurotoxicity . These side effects and other reports of hydrazine toxicity are consistent with the hypothesis that hydrazine may play a role in the toxicity of the antibiotic isoniazid , which is thought to be metabolized to hydrazine in the body .
Hydrazine sulfate is also a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( MAOI ) , and is incompatible with alcohol , tranquilizers and sleeping pills ( benzodiazepines and barbiturates ) , and other psycho-active drugs , with pethidine ( meperidine , Demerol ) , and with foods containing significant amounts of the amino acid breakdown product tyramine , such as aged cheeses , raisins , avocados , processed and cured fish and meats , fermented products , and others .
References
External links
Proponents
Syracuse Cancer Research Institute
The Truth About Hydrazine Sulfate - Dr. Gold Speaks
Critics
Hydrazine Sulfate : Is It an Anticancer Agent ? Quackwatch
The Penthouse Politics of Cancer : The Promotion of Hydrazine Sulfate and a Medical Conspiracy Theory American Council on Science and Health
Governmental and medical
Hydrazine sulfate / Hydrazine sulphate British Columbia Cancer Agency
What is rocket fuel treatment ? Cancer Research UK
Hydrazine Sulfate American Cancer Society
Hydrazine Sulfate University of Minnesota , Cancer Information
Hydrazine Sulfate , Detailed Scientific Review The University of Texas , M. D. Anderson Cancer Center
Physical and chemical hazards
Hydrazine sulfate Material safety data sheet
Hydrazinium compounds
Alternative cancer treatments
IARC Group 2B carcinogens
Sulfates
Symbolic modeling is a therapeutic and coaching process developed by psychotherapists Penny Tompkins and James Lawley , based on the work of counselling psychologist David Grove . Using Grove 's clean language , a progressive questioning technique using clients ' exact words , the facilitator works with a client 's self-generating metaphors to clarify personal beliefs , goals , and conflicts , and to bring about meaningful change . Because of its reliance on emergence and self-organization it has been called a `` post-modern oriented therapeutic approach '' .
Background
The practice of symbolic modeling is built upon a foundation of two complementary theories : the metaphors by which we live , and the models by which we create . It regards the individual as a self-organizing system that encodes much of the meaning of feelings , thoughts , beliefs , experiences etc . in the embodied mind as metaphors . Symbolic modeling aims to heighten awareness of clients ' personal `` symbolic domain of experience '' , facilitating them to develop a unique `` metaphor landscape '' and to explore their internal metaphors , which in conceptual metaphor theory are seen to govern behavior .
Intent
The symbolic modeling process guides the client through an exploration of the client 's own metaphors , their organization , interactions , and patterns . These embodied metaphors can restrict a client 's ways of viewing the world and their or their coping strategies , due to the inner logic prescribed by the metaphors . Without shifting these metaphors , lasting change may be difficult , as the embodied mind may continue to work within the constraints of this old paradigm . Through the facilitation , the client can discover how these metaphors can change to meet their desired outcomes , transformative shifts can occur within a client 's `` metaphor landscape '' , bringing about meaningful change on cognitive , affective and behavioral levels .
The `` metaphor landscape '' phenomenon is not a new discovery , with some similarities to `` waking dream '' or rêve evéillé , a term coined by Robert Desoille in the 1930s .
Process
Symbolic modeling proceeds through five defined stages , as follows :
Stage 1 : Entering the symbolic domain
Stage 2 : Developing symbolic perceptions
Stage 3 : Modeling symbolic patterns
Stage 4 : Encouraging transformation
Stage 5 : Maturing the evolved landscape
Clean language is used throughout , to avoid contaminating or distorting the developing metaphor landscape through the form , content or presentation of the therapist 's questions .
A more structured subset of the above process called symbolic modeling lite is used in coaching :
Phase 1 : Set up
Phase 2 : Identify a desired outcome
Phase 3 : Develop a desired outcome landscape
Phase 4 : Explore effects of desired outcome landscape
Phase 5 : Mature changes as they occur
Phase 6 : Set down
Evidence base
A number of studies have assessed the efficacy of symbolic modeling with 95 dyslexic coachees ; in a psychotherapy case study ; and in an organisational setting .
Other applications
While therapy and coaching are the primary application areas of symbolic modeling , researchers have started to apply the method to metaphor research , game design , problem-solving , and as a qualitative research methodology .
Notes
References
Akbari , M. ( 2013 ) . Metaphors about EFL Teachers ' Roles : A Case of Iranian Non-English-Major Students , International Journal of English Language & Translation Studies , Vol : 1 , Issue : 2 , July–September . doaj.org/article/c0279baf69cd424da2720d3d43673e0f
Doyle , N. & McDowall , A ( 2015 ) . Is coaching an effective adjustment for dyslexic adults ? Coaching : An International Journal of Theory , Research and Practice 8 ( 2 ) : 154-168. doi:10.1080/17521882.2015.1065894
Groppel-Wegener , A . ( 2015 ) . Design Tasks Beyond the Studio . Proceedings of the 3rd International Conference for Design Education Researchers Volume 1 pp . 93–108 Editors : Robin Vande Zande , Erik Bohemia & Ingvild Digranes . DOI : 10.13140/RG.2.1.1200.7520 academia.edu/13300548/Proceedings_of_the_3rd_International_Conference_for_Design_Education_Researchers_volume_1
Lakoff , G. and Johnson , M. ( 1980 ) . Metaphors We Live By . Chicago , IL : University of Chicago Press .
Lawley , J & Tompkins , P ( 2011 ) . Chapter 4 of Innovations in NLP : Innovations for Challenging Times , L.Michael Hall & Shelle Rose Charvet ( eds . ) Crown House Publishing .
Lawley , J & Tompkins , P ( 2000 ) . Metaphors in Mind : Transformation through Symbolic Modelling : London : The Developing Company Press
Martin , J. N.T . ( 2007 ) . Book Review : Metaphors in Mind : Transformation Through Symbolic Modelling , Metaphor and Symbol , 22 ( 2 ) :201-211. doi:10.1080/10926480701235510
Needham-Didsbury , I ( 2012 ) . The Use of Figurative Language in Psychotherapy , University College London , Working Papers in Linguistics 2012 , pp . 75–93 . /psychlangsci/research/linguistics/publications/wpl/12papers/needham
Nehyba , J . & Lanc , J . ( 2013 ) . Koncept čistého jazyka v psychoterapii ( The Concept of Clean Language in Psychotherapy ) , Psychoterapie : praxe – inspirace – konfrontace , 7 ( 2 ) :123-133 Brno : Masaryk university . http : //psychoterapie.fss.muni.cz/clanky/koncept-cisteho-jazyka-v-psychoterapii
Rees , J . & Manea , A.I . ( 2016 ) . The Use of Clean Language and Metaphor in Helping Clients Overcoming Procrastination . Journal of Experiential Psychotherapy 19 ( 3 ) : 30-36. jep.ro/images/pdf/cuprins_reviste/75_art_5.pdf
Robinson , F. ( 2012/2013 ) . How does exploring metaphorical representations of organisational change at its best affect levels of well-being in an ambiguous and rapidly changing public sector work environment ? Paper presented to The Third International Neuro-Linguistic Programming Research Conference , Hertfordshire University , 6–7 July 2012 . A precised version appeared in Acuity No . 4 , 2013 , available at : cleanlanguage.co.uk/articles/articles/332/
Rusch , D. C. ( 2017 ) . Making Deep Games – Designing Games with Meaning and Purpose . CRC Press Taylor & Francis Group .
Tosey , P. , Lawley , J . & Meese , R. ( 2014 ) . Eliciting Metaphor through Clean Language : An Innovation in Qualitative Research . British Journal of Management , 25 : 629–646 .
van Helsdingen , A . & Lawley , J . ( 2012 ) . Modelling Shared Reality : avoiding unintended influence in qualitative research , Kwalon : Journal of the Netherlands Association for Qualitative Research . Vol 3 , October . academia.edu/attachments/30371322/ translated from the original Dutch version https : //www.tijdschriftkwalon.nl/inhoud/tijdschrift_artikel/KW-17-3-43/
Psychotherapy
Coaching
is a Japanese music group formed in 1996 . As of March 2021 , the lineup consists of Shigeru Kishida and Masashi Sato . Their music is produced and distributed by Victor Entertainment .
Career
After meeting at `` Rock Commune , '' Ritsumeikan University 's music club , Shigeru Kishida , Masashi Satō , and Nobuyuki Mori formed the original three-piece band . The name `` Quruli , '' an onomatopoeic word expressing rotation , was taken from a sign in the Kyoto Municipal Subway . In October 1998 , Quruli released the single on Victor Entertainment . They released their first major label album , in 1999 .
Quruli released the albums in 2000 , produced by Jim O'Rourke , and Team Rock in 2001 . According to music critic Ian Martin , Picture Book remains one of the most frequently cited influences for Japanese alt-rock bands . During the production of the 2001 film The World is Mine , Quruli added guitarist Tasshin Ōmura to its lineup . In 2002 , Mori left the band .
In 2003 , after a trip to England , Quruli returned with a single , How to Go , and created the soundtrack for . After working with a number of session drummers , Quruli officially added drummer Christopher McGuire to their lineup in November 2003 . In 2003 , HMV Records Japan rated Quruli No . 74 in their `` Top 100 Japanese pops Artists '' .
In 2004 Quruli released the album . After the tour for the album was completed , Christopher McGuire left the group . 2005 saw the release of several Quruli singles along with a new album , Nikki , released in December of that year . At the last day of 2006 , Tasshin Ōmura left the band . In 2007 Quruli released a new album , , recorded in Vienna with the Ambassade Orchester Wien . They joined forces again in 2008 to put out the live album Philharmonic or die .
Quruli first appeared on television performing on NHK . On September 9 , 2005 , Quruli appeared on the popular `` Music Station '' program and performed their song , . The song was also featured as the theme song to a Keikyu commercial .
On May 26 , 2010 , Quruli released the B-side compilation , which also included their new song . The album reached No . 1 on the Oricon weekly album charts , becoming their first No . 1 album on the charts .
On September 8 , 2010 , Quruli released their album , including the singles ( with Matsutoya Yumi ) and . Their songs continued to be used in TIOVITA drink commercials , starting with Jubilee , followed by , , , until loveless in 2014 . In 2014 , those songs were compiled into .
Quruli released the 10th album in 2012 , the 11th album THE PIER in 2014 , and the 12th album in 2018 .
In 2020 , Quruli released their 20th album , ” thaw '' .
Members
Current members
( born April 27 , 1976 , vocals , electric guitar ) , was born in Kyoto , and is Quruli 's primary songwriter and leader of the band .
( born February 1 , 1977 , bass guitar , was born in Kameoka , Kyoto . Besides their musical duties , they also serve as the president of Quruli 's label , Noise McCartney Records . For most of their career , Satō used a Fender Jazz Bass , but during the recording of Quruli 's Antenna album , switched to a Fender Precision Bass .
( born February 13 , 1985 , trumpet , electronic keyboard ) , was born in Maizuru , Kyoto . 2011-2015,2017- ( 2015-2017 : maternity leave )
Former members
( born June 20 , 1975- , drums ) 1996–2002
Christopher McGuire ( born November 28 , 1975 , drums ) 2003–2004
( born December 17 , 1975 ) , electric guitar ) , is from Hyōgo Prefecture . They use a Flying-V guitar . It was announced on February 26 , 2007 that Ohmura had quit the band .
( born October 28 , 1980- , drums ) 2011
( born March 14 , 1980- , electric guitar ) 2011-2013
( born February 13 , 1985 , trumpet , electronic keyboard ) , was born in Maizuru , Kyoto . 2011-2015,2017-2021 ( 2015-2017 : maternity leave )
Supporting musicians
Takefumi Tsujimura ( guitar )
Ahito Inazawa ( drum set )
Taro Dai ( drum set , percussion )
Hirohisa Horie ( keyboards , guitar )
Cliff Almond ( drum set )
Takashi Numazawa ( drum set )
Yuya Kikuchi ( drum set )
Soichiro Yamauchi ( guitar )
Satoshi Mishiba ( piano )
Yuko Araki ( drum set )
Carwyn Ellis ( keyboards , guitar , banjo , bouzouki , piano )
Ren Takada ( guitar ) ( special guest during their Fuji Rock 2011 performance )
Discography
Albums
( indies ; November 21 , 1997 )
( indies ; May 15 , 1998 )
( April 21 , 1999 )
( January 21 , 2000 )
Team Rock ( February 21 , 2001 )
The World Is Mine ( March 20 , 2002 )
( soundtrack ; November 5 , 2003 )
( March 10 , 2004 )
NIKKI ( November 23 , 2005 )
( the best album ; July 26 , 2006 )
( June 27 , 2007 )
Philharmonic or Die ( live album ; February 20 , 2008 )
( June 6 , 2009 )
( coupling the best album ; May 26 , 2010 )
( September 8 , 2010 )
( the best album ; June 29 , 2011 )
( soundtrack ; November 9 , 2011 )
( September 19 , 2012 )
THE PIER ( September 17 , 2014 )
( compilation album ; December 17 , 2014 )
( extended play ; July 26 , 2016 )
( the best album ; September 14 , 2016 )
( September 18 , 2018 )
thaw ( April 15th , 2020 )
( April 28th , 2021 )
Singles
( 1998 )
( 1999 )
( 1999 )
( 1999 )
( 2000 )
( 2000 )
( 2001 )
( 2001 )
( 2002 )
( 2002 )
`` How To Go '' ( 2003 )
( 2003 )
( 2004 )
`` Birthday '' ( 2005 )
`` Superstar '' ( 2005 )
( 2005 )
`` Baby I Love You '' ( 2005 )
`` Juice '' ( feat . Rip Slyme ; 2006 )
`` Jubilee '' ( 2007 )
( 2007 )
( 2008 )
( 2009 )
( 2009 )
( duet with Matsutōya Yumi ; 2009 )
( 2010 )
( 2011 )
`` everybody feels the same '' ( 2012 )
`` Remember Me '' ( 2013 )
( 2013 )
`` There is ( always light ) /Liberty & Gravity - Special Edition - '' ( 2014 )
( 2015 )
`` How Can I Do ? '' ( included in Live Blu-ray/DVD , ; 2017 )
Sampo ( 2019 )
( 2018 )
References
External links
Quruli official MySpace page
HMV Japan `` Top 100 Japanese pops Artists '' ( in Japanese )
Ambassade Orchester official website
Japanese rock music groups
Japanese alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 1996
Victor Entertainment artists
Musical groups from Kyoto Prefecture
Williams School in Cameron , Oklahoma was a Works Progress Administration project that was built in 1936 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 .
It was deemed significant for its character ( in architecture ) , for its construction having provided jobs for destitute laborers `` close to the edge of starvation '' , for providing a better learning environment , and for helping `` to instill a sense of pride within the community . ''
It is a one-story hipped-roof building with native sandstone walls .
Its design is from an Oklahoma State Department of Education pattern book .
See also
Summerfield School ( Oklahoma )
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
School buildings completed in 1936
Works Progress Administration in Oklahoma
Buildings and structures in Le Flore County , Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places in Le Flore County , Oklahoma
Tobique First Nation ( ) is one of six Wolastoqiyik or Maliseet Nation reserves in New Brunswick , Canada .
The Tobique Reserve is located on the north side of the Tobique River . The reserve comprises two lots ( The Brother 's # 18 , 4 ha ; Tobique # 20 , 2724 ha ) . The Tobique Reserve , established in 1801 with nearly 20,000 acres , was granted after a petition to the government by band members . Over the years , the reserve was reduced by surrenders to squatters and a major surrender in 1892 . Roughly two-thirds of members of the Tobique First Nation reside on the reserve lands .
In 2009 the government accepted the Tobique Specific Land Claim related to 10,533 acres which they claimed to have lost in the invalid surrender of 1892 . The federal government and First Nation , in collaboration with the provincial government , will be negotiating a settlement compensation package . No existing landowners will be disturbed .
History
An 1854 survey established that the original Tobique reserve had an area of 18,394 acres . The Tobique lost 2,539 acres lost in the town of Perth due to squatters pre- and post-confederation . In addition , they argue under the Tobique Specific Land Claim ( see sections below ) that they lost 10,433 acres in the alleged 1892 Surrender .
1892 Surrender Claim
In 1890 the government of New Brunswick attempted to open a large portion of the Tobique Reserve for settlement by non-Aboriginal peoples . In order to move towards this goal , the government of New Brunswick conducted a land surrender in 1892 . But , the surrender was conducted without the consent of the Order in Council , a necessary step in the surrender process . The surrender concerned land `` south of the Tobique river saving and excepting a tract of two hundred acres on the south-side designated as Indian Meadows . '' The government sold most of the land to individuals , except for , which was returned to the Tobique band in 1965 .
The Tobique First Nation has been working on the issues of land claims . It has filed two specific claims suits : one for the 2,539 acres lost in the town of Perth ; and one for more than 10,000 acres lost in the 1892 surrender , which amounted to nearly two-thirds of its land .
On May 23 , 2008 Canada accepted only the second as the Tobique Specific Land Claim for negotiation on the basis of its lawful obligation due to an invalid surrender . Under the terms of negotiation , the government and First Nation have three years to reach agreement on a compensation package for the claim . Existing property owners will not be affected , as settlement does not include expropriation . Under the Specific Claim Policy , the First Nation is entitled to be compensated for the Current Unimproved Market Value of the Claim Lands and Compensation for Loss of Use , the reasonable and probable Loss of Use that occurred because of the breach , from July 1 , 1867 to 2009 .
Confrontation with New Brunswick Power Corporation
The Tobique First Nation and the New Brunswick Power Corporation ( NB Power ) ( a Crown corporation ) have had a long history of confrontation over uses of the land and waters . The First Nation rejected the company 's bid to construct a hydro-electric dam on the Tobique River in 1844 , and in 1895 . By 1945 the provincial and federal governments had started development of a dam on the Tobique River , the Tobique Narrows Dam .
In 1950 the Premier of New Brunswick approved the construction of the Mactaquac Dam in south-central New Brunswick without the consent of the Tobique First Nation , the legal landowners . It was put into service in 1953 . Despite a longstanding ( 1945 ) offer from Tobique to settle all disputes in exchange for unlimited use of the dam 's power within Tobique for all domestic uses [ and ] business on the reservation . According to many reports , `` this was never honoured . As soon as the community had power lines , they received power bills . The Band Council paid these bills for Elders and community members on social assistance . '' In 2008 the Tobique began to refuse to pay for the electricity generated by the plant on their land . They have said the damming of the river has created environmental problems .
In 2008 the Tobique began a protest , refusing to pay the `` bills '' from NB Power . In addition , they demanded that the company remove from the reserve construction debris , including barrels filled with toxic pesticides and herbicides , and PCBs , that dated to the dam 's construction . When the company threatened to cut off power to the reserve , a number of residents set up a blockade at the dam , requiring NB Power trucks to register with the Nation before entry . In 2009 tensions escalated when an NB Power truck did not stop at a road block . Members of the Nation seized the NB Power truck .
On June 30 , 2009 , the provincial Minister of Aboriginal Affairs committed to funding the clean-up of toxic and other wastes dumped at and around the dam , as well as restoration of eroded riverbanks , further damages noted by the Tobique . The effects of the dams on the St. John 's River have been to drastically reduce the Atlantic Salmon run , cutting into the ability of the Tobique to feed themselves and adversely affecting the local economy .
As the blockade entered its third month in the summer of 2009 , Ottawa 's Department of Justice accepted the Tobique First Nation 's specific land claim for negotiation . It is likely to be one of the largest in Atlantic Canada . The Tobique wanted to negotiate some sharing of benefits from the dam , with some portion of electricity available at least to reserve residents but preferably also for resale .
An offer by New Brunswick Power to resolve the dispute by offering up to 5 megawatts of power from the dam , which produces approximately 20 megawatts , is under consideration . However , with modern run of the river hydroelectric technology , the power potential of the river is very much greater , in hundreds of megawatts .
Notable people
Andrea Bear Nicholas , Chair in Native Studies since 1993 at St. Thomas University , Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada ; founder with Dorothy Lazore of the first university-based Native Language Immersion Teacher Training Program in North America
Sandra Lovelace Nicholas , Aboriginal activist for the rights of women and children to status , Canadian Senator , recipient of the Order of Canada .
Graydon Nicholas , first Aboriginal Lieutenant-Governor of New Brunswick . Former Lieutenant-Governor of New Brunswick .
Shirley Bear , feminist , activist , and artist , received Order of Canada in 2011 for work on Maliseet-language films shown on APTN
Jeff Bear , producer , independent documentaries , including four Maliseet-language films shown on APTN ( Urban Rez Productions )
See also
List of communities in New Brunswick
References
External links
`` A New Beginning for the Resolution of Specific Claims in Canada : Specific Claims Process at a Glance '' , Indian and Northern Affairs Canada ( carried at Tobique Land Rights Website )
Maliseet
Communities in Victoria County , New Brunswick
is a railway station in Ube , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Kotō Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1900
Young Blood ( Swedish : Ungt blod ) is a 1943 Swedish drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Agneta Lagerfeldt , Toivo Pawlo and Olof Widgren . It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm . The film 's sets were designed by the art director Bertil Duroj .
Cast
Agneta Lagerfeldt as Eva Lindemark
Toivo Pawlo as Åke Sjögren
Olof Widgren as Sven Lindahl
Barbro Ribbing as Anne-Marie Björkman
Åke Claesson as Lars-Erik Hermansson
Åke Grönberg as Gustaf Johansson
Hugo Björne as Arvid Wetterberg
Sven Bergvall as Per Lindemark
Anna Lindahl as Lisa Lindemark
Marianne Inger as Ingrid Forslund
Britta Holmberg as Maj-Britt Hassel
Christian Bratt as Lennart Berger
Harry Ahlin as Hjelm
Anna Lisa Bruce as Anna Karlsson
Gunnel Edlund as Margit Modin
Ernst Eklund as Major Björn Lindemark
Ingrid Envall as Young Girl
Margareta Fahlén as Karin Sandström
Margareta Grimberg as Ellen Lönnquist
Marianne Gyllenhammar as Maud von Rehnsköld
Lennart Holmqvist as Nils Norrman
Gunnar Höglund as Paul Pettersson
Birgit Johannesson as Ann-Sophie Berg
Ulla Kihlberg as Solveig Thysell
Kolbjörn Knudsen as Karl-Hugo Stadius
Sten Lindgren as Dr. Malm
Rune Lycke as Young Man
Marie-Louise Martins as Vivi Svensson
Stig Olin as Pelle Persson
Erik Rosén as Ulf Ragnar Thomasson
Tulli Sjöblom as Birgit Frisk
Kurt Willbing as Karl-Axel Eriksson
Signe Wirff as Mrs. Lindemark
Nils Åsblom as Erik Thysell
References
Bibliography
Qvist , Per Olov & von Bagh , Peter . Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland . Greenwood Publishing Group , 2000 .
External links
1943 films
Swedish drama films
1943 drama films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
The Arizona Women 's Hall of Fame recognizes women natives or residents of the U.S. state of Arizona for their significant achievements or statewide contributions . In 1979 , the office of Governor Bruce Babbitt worked with the Arizona Women 's Commission to create the Hall of Fame . The first inductees were in October 1981 . During its first decade , the Hall of Fame was overseen by the Arizona Historical Society and the Arizona Department of Library , Archives and Public Records . A steering committee would each year select a varying number of women to be inducted . The 1991 inclusion of Planned Parenthood creator Margaret Sanger resulted in disapproval being heard from some in the Arizona Legislature , and funding dried up . With the lone exception of María Urquides in 1994 , there were no Halls of Fame inductees for over a decade . Inductions finally resumed in 2002 , and since that year the Hall of Fame has only inducted new honorees every two years .
Current sponsorship of the Arizona Women 's Hall of Fame is provided by the Arizona Department of Library , Archives and Public Records , the Arizona Historical Society , Arizona Humanities Council , Governor 's Division for Women and the Sharlot Hall Museum .
Inductees
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Arizona Women 's Hall of Fame
Women 's halls of fame
Lists of American women
State halls of fame in the United States
Women in Arizona
Halls of fame in Arizona
Lists of people from Arizona
Abdulaziz bin Musaed Al Jiluwi ( ) ( died February 1977 ) was a Saudi Arabian military commander . They were the brother-in-law of King Abdulaziz and the maternal uncle of King Khalid .
Personal life , career and death
Abdulaziz bin Musaed bin Jiluwi was the grandson of Jiluwi bin Turki and full brother of Al Jawhara bint Musaed . Their sister Al Jawhara married their second cousin Abdulaziz , later the first king of Saudi Arabia . Al Jawhara and Abdulaziz had three children : King Khalid , Prince Mohammed , and Princess Al Anoud . King Abdulaziz sent Abdulaziz bin Jiluwi with a strong contingent of warriors to conquer Asir in 1921 . Prince Abdulaziz served as the governor of Hail Province .
Three of Prince Abdulaziz 's daughters married to the powerful Sudairi brothers . Their daughters Al Anoud ( died 1999 ) , Muneera , and Al Jawhara were the wives of King Fahd , Prince Sultan , and Prince Nayef , respectively . Princess Al Jawhara and Prince Nayef had two sons together , Prince Saud and Prince Mohammad . Abdulaziz bin Musaed died in February 1977 .
References
1977 deaths
Saudi Arabian princes
Saudi Arabian military personnel
Governors of provinces of Saudi Arabia
20th-century Saudi Arabian politicians
Simone Balli ( born c. 1580 in Florence ) was an Italian painter of the 17th century . They settled in Genoa in 1600 , where they mainly painted . They trained with Aurelio Lomi , and painted often small cabinet pieces on copper , for example for the Spinola palace in Cornigliano ( Genoa ) . They also painted for the church of Santa Maria delle Vigne , the Carmine , and the Oratory of St. Bartholemew in Genoa .
References
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Painters from Florence
1580s births
17th-century deaths
Captain William Lewis Wells ( 1895 – 6 May 1918 ) was a British World War I flying ace credited with ten aerial victories . Their exceptional valour twice won them the Military Cross .
Early life
Wells was born in Hounslow , Middlesex , England . They were appointed a Temporary Boy Clerk in the General Post Office on 8 March 1911 .
World War I
Wells served as a private in the 8th ( City of London ) Battalion , The London Regiment ( Post Office Rifles ) , until commissioned a second lieutenant in the Middlesex Regiment on 25 March 1915 .
On 22 September 1916 they were appointed a flying officer , seconded to the Royal Flying Corps . They were promoted to lieutenant in the RFC on 1 February 1917 , but had to wait until 23 June before receiving the same step up in their regiment .
By early 1918 , they had been posted to No . 22 Squadron to fly a Bristol F.2 Fighter two-seater . They scored their first aerial victory on 25 January 1918 . By 16 March , they had run their score to six . On 19 March 1918 they were appointed a flight commander with the temporary rank of captain in No . 48 Squadron , and they scored their seventh victory with them on 21 March 1918 . Two days later , they rounded out their score list with a triple triumph .
Their exploits twice won them the Military Cross . On 13 May 1918 , their first MC was gazetted :
`` On four occasions during three months , they have been engaged with superior enemy formations , and has brought down completely out of control five hostile machines and sent down one other crashing to earth . They have displayed the greatest gallantry , courage , and determination in dealing with enemy aircraft . ''
Their second award came as a Bar to their MC , and was gazetted 22 June 1918 . Note that it was not granted solely for their air-to-air combat :
`` He frequently attacked enemy troops and transport with bombs and machine-gun fire during operations , often flying at a very low altitude under heavy fire . While attacking enemy troops from a height of 150 feet they were severely wounded , but succeeded in bringing their observer and machine back safely . They have destroyed five enemy machines and driven down five others out of control , and has always set an example of courage and determination to the flight which they have commanded . ''
However , Wells never got to read the praise for their gallantry as they died from wounds sustained in action one week before their first award , on 6 May 1918 . They were buried in the officers section , plot B . 4 . 25 , St . Sever Cemetery , Rouen , France .
List of aerial victories
See also
Aerial victory standards of World War I
References
1895 births
1918 deaths
Military personnel from Middlesex
British Army personnel of World War I
People from Hounslow
London Regiment soldiers
Middlesex Regiment officers
Royal Flying Corps officers
Royal Air Force personnel of World War I
British World War I flying aces
Recipients of the Military Cross
British military personnel killed in World War I
Liza Mihinui ( born 20 November 1960 ) is a former New Zealand rugby union player . They played for the Black Ferns on 29 August 1994 against a New South Wales side at Richmond .
Mihinui is the mother of another Black Fern , Huriana Manuel . They were the first mother and daughter Black Ferns after Manuel 's debut in 2005 .
References
External links
Black Ferns Profile
1960 births
Living people
New Zealand female rugby union players
New Zealand women 's international rugby union players
Rugby union hookers
Schloss Eicks is a mansion of Renaissance architecture located in the village of Eicks belonging to the town of Mechernich based in the district of Euskirchen in the south of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Eicks Castle was first mentioned in the 14th century . Johann von Eicks had a small territory with its own jurisdiction . Eicks Castle , then a fortified water castle surrounded by a moat was destroyed in 1365 .
After the extinction of the noble family Eicks , the castle changed hands frequently by inheritance and sale of their owners .
In the 16th century Jürgen von Syberg-Wischlingen acquired the site . The new manor was built in 1680 by Hermann Dietrich von Syberg .
From the still existing castle those medieval parts still usable were kept . Since then Eicks castle is a two-piece system with a three-winged castle and a separate manor , all surrounded by a moat .
The castle is now over 500 years in the possession of Sybergs family and kept as private property . It is not open to access to the public , but can be rented in parts for events .
External links
Water castles in North Rhine-Westphalia
Buildings and structures in Euskirchen ( district )
Science and Christian Belief is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Christians in Science and the Victoria Institute . The editors-in-chief are Keith R Fox and Meric Srokosz .
The journal was established in 1989 , with Oliver Barclay and A. Brian Robins as co-editors-in-chief . It is abstracted and indexed in New Testament Abstracts , Religion Index One : Periodicals , and Religious & Theological Abstracts , and is distributed by EBSCO Information Services as part of Academic Search and other collections . The journal is free to members of Christians in Science .
The Victoria Institute ( also known as the Philosophical Society of Great Britain ) published the Journal of the Transactions of The Victoria Institute , which was established in 1866 ; it was renamed Faith and Thought in 1958 , and then merged with the ( informal ) CIS Bulletin in 1989 , obtaining its current name , Faith and Thought .
References
External links
Warren S. Brown and Malcolm A. Jeeves , `` Portraits of Human Nature : Reconciling Neuroscience and Christian Anthropology , '' A report from a seminar at the combined meeting of the American Scientific Affiliation and Christians in Science , Churchill College , Cambridge University , August 1998 , from Science and Christian Belief 11 No . 2 ( October 1999 ) : 139–50
Russell , Colin , `` Without a Memory '' , from Perspectives on Science and Christian Faith ( American Scientific Affiliation ) , 45 ( March 1993 ) : 219–21 , Reprinted with permission from Science & Christian Belief ( 1993 ) Vol 5 . No 1
Full text of Vol . 1
Religion and science
Christianity studies journals
Christian media
Publications established in 1988
Christianity and science
Biannual journals
English-language journals
Le Tout-Paris ( `` everyone in Paris '' ) is a French expression referring to the fashionable and affluent elite of the city , who frequent fashionable events and places , and establish trends in upper-class culture . It is equivalent to the `` jet set '' elsewhere .
History
The expression tout-Paris was used in the 17th century to refer to `` high society '' among the aristocratic inhabitants of the city of Paris . It was used in 1660 by Nicolas Boileau in their Satires to refer to the influential members of Paris society who made Pierre Corneille 's play El Cid popular , in the famous sentence , `` In vain , a minister sought support against El Cid—Tout Paris supported Chimene in love with Rodrigue '' Boileau also used the expression in Chant III : `` Where tout Paris as a crowd bears its sufferings '' . Voltaire and Jean le Rond D'Alembert also used the expression in their correspondence .
The current use of the expression tout-Paris dates from the Belle Epoque era of 19th century Paris . Historian Anne Martin-Fugier dates it to the beginning of the 19th century , when in the aftermath of the French Revolution and the rise of Napoleon , when the non-aristocratic elites of the city began playing a role at the top of the city 's affluent culture , forming a new social class .
A group made up of writers , politicians , bankers and prominent artists , this community lived in fashionable neighbourhoods , went to the theatre , and attended receptions at embassies . It also embodied a certain idea of Parisians ' `` good taste '' ( `` bon goût '' ) , setting trends with its pastimes , such as horse racing and holidays at the seaside . The activities of Tout-Paris were noted in the mass media .
One article in Le Gaulois , from August 24 , 1895 , titled `` Mondanités : Paris hors Paris '' ( Worldly events : Paris outside of Paris ) , noted that composer Camille Saint-Saëns arrived at the coastal resort of Dieppe ( Seine-Maritime ) and gave a detailed list of other noteworthy social figures also present in the town : It is tout Paris , that can be seen : Count and Countess Louis de Talleyrand-Périgord , M. Josselin de Rohan , Mme Madeleine Lemaire , M. Marcel Proust et M. Reynaldo Hahn , who are the hosts of the eminent artist .
Evoking the year 1841 , poet Charles Baudelaire saw in Tout-Paris above all the passionate followers of literature and poetry : During this time , tout Paris was made up of this elite group given the role of fashioning others ' opinions , and who , when a poet is born , are always the first to be notified ..
During the Belle Époque , Tout-Paris became a sort of club with its own rules . In 1901 the Annuaire du Tout Paris ( Tout Paris Annual ) appeared , counting writer Marcel Proust among its most devoted readers . Created in 1903 , the Bottin mondain ( Directory of the High Society ) in fact presented only a list of Parisian personalities . Le Tout-Paris was associated with particular fashionable places in the city , such as the restaurant ( Maxim 's , the large urban forest the Bois de Boulogne , Deauville , and so on , defining trends , giving an artist or writer their blessing , making or unmaking the reputation of a politician .
Beginning in the 1950s , Tout-Paris became increasingly associated with personalities connected with certain trendy nightclubs , such as Régine , creating notable discos where celebrities could be seen , among them Françoise Sagan , Jean-Claude Brialy , Jacques Chazot , Françoise Giroud , Yves Saint-Laurent , and so on .
Tout-Paris today
Today , the expression is sometimes used to refer to subgroups of Paris culture 's elite ( the `` literary tout-Paris '' , the `` political tout-Paris '' , and so on ) , somewhat losing its original meaning , now referring to a broader group of arts personalities , athletes , media figures , or politicians covered in the popular media . Their attendance is covered at events such as concerts , galas , premiers , art gallery vernissages and nightclubs in the capitol .
With global travel and fashion , it is often used interchangeably with the global jet set of trendsetters . The rise of the tabloid press in the 20th century , and the blending of entertainment and current events news in publications such as Paris Match , has added to this public perception of Parisian celebrity .
See also
Belle Epoque
Culture of Paris
Fame in the 20th century
Jet set
Paris Match
References
Bibliography
Françoise Giroud , Françoise Giroud vous présente le Tout-Paris , Gallimard , 1952
Social class in France
French culture
Culture of Paris
Celebrity
Upper class culture in Europe
War , So Much War ( original title in Catalan Quanta , quanta guerra ... ) is a Spanish novel that was written by the author Mercè Rodoreda , first published in 1980 . The novel was written during the author 's stay in the house of their friend Carme Manrubia , in Romanyá de la Selva . This book together with Viajes a varios pueblos , a part of the series Viajes y flores , Made Rodoreda win the Barcelona prize . The book also received the Crítica Serra d'Or prize in 1980 .
Ana María Moix was the writer who translated the book from Catalan to Spanish ; the translated book was published in 1982 .
According to the explanation of the author in the prologue to the book , the original title of the book was supposed to be : El soldat i les roses ( The soldier and the roses ) and the name of the protagonist of the novel was to be Manuel . Nevertheless , this idea was changed and `` Manuel '' became Adrià Guinart . Rodoreda also confessed that in `` War so much war '' is not a show of battles because their intention was to do the same as Jan Potocki in the novel , El manuscrito encontrado en Zaragoza were Saragossa
is also not show .
Plot
During the Spanish civil war , Adrià Guinart , a fifteen-year-old boy , tired of their lack of life experience and their yearning for freedom , decides to go to the front with their childhood friend . During the war , Adrià 's personality is in a real process of learning about human nature .
`` I left home so that I could encounter new villages , meet people , and because I was tired of my mother . . and nothing could have stopped me . And also so I could go off to war . Although I 've had the war close-at-hand , I ca n't say I have experienced it , because I fled from it as often as I could ''
References
1980 novels
Dr. Samir Bishara ( October 31 , 1935 – October 8 , 2010 ) was an Orthodontist from Egypt who received the highest honor from the World Federation of Orthodontists when they selected them to be the honorary fellow of the WFO .
Life
They were born in Cairo in 1935 to Edward and Georgette Bishara . They obtained their dental degree and their Orthodontic degree from Alexandria University . They practiced dentistry in Egypt for 11 years at Moassat Hospital in Alexandria after which they moved to New York City to work as a Pediatric Dentist at the Guggenheim Clinic . They then moved to University of Iowa College of Dentistry where they received their Orthodontic degree a second time . In 1968 , they became a faculty at the Orthodontic Program of Iowa University and served there until 2010 . Dr. Bishara was married to Anne Ghalioungui and had four daughters : Dina , Dorine , Cherine and Christine .
Orthodontics
Dr. Bishara has published over 200 scientific articles , where 100 of them are published solely in the American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics . Their research involved working with the growth and development and Dr. Bishara was a prominent figure in co-founding the biannual International Symposium on Dentofacial Function and Development . Dr. Bishara received honorary memberships in the Arab , Colombian , Egyptian , Greek , and Serbian Orthodontic Societies , the Guadalajara College of Dentists , and the Mexican Board of Orthodontics . They also served on the editorial boards of many orthodontic journals during their lifetime .
They have published an orthodontic textbook called Textbook of Orthodontics .
Death
Before they died , they were a still a Professor of Orthodontics at the University of Iowa College of Dentistry . They died at the age of 74 in 2010 .
Awards and Recognitions
Guggenheim Fellowship
College of Diplomates of the ABO - President
Diplomate of American Board of Orthodontics
Founder 's Award of the College of Diplomates of the ABO
Helen and B.F. Dewel Award - 1995
Michael J. Brody Award for Faculty Excellence in Service to the University and the State of Iowa
Honorary Doctorate Degree - Aristotle University of Thessaloniki in Greece
References
American dentists
Orthodontists
1935 births
2010 deaths
20th-century dentists
Shahid Rafiq Khan ( ; born July 18 , 1950 ) is a Pakistani-American billionaire business person and sports tycoon . They are the owner of Flex-N-Gate , an American automotive company . Khan is also the owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League ( NFL ) and Fulham F.C . of the , and co-owner of the American wrestling promotion All Elite Wrestling ( AEW ) , along with their son , Tony Khan .
Khan was featured on the front cover of Forbes magazine in 2012 , associating them as the face of the American Dream . As of November 2021 , Khan 's personal net worth is $ 9 billion . In 2021 , they ranked 94th in the Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans , and is the 291st richest person in the world . Khan is the second richest auto parts magnate behind Georg F. W. Schaeffler who has a net worth of $ 12 billion . They are also the richest person of Pakistani origin .
Early life and education
Khan was born in Lahore , Pakistan , to a middle-class family involved in the construction industry . Their mother ( now retired ) was a professor of mathematics , and their father Rafiq Khan used to have a shop that sold survey and drawing equipment . Shahid Khan also had a brother named Tariq Rafiq Khan , who died in their early 20s .
Khan moved to the United States in 1967 at age 16 to study at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign . When they went to the United States , they spent their first night in a $ 2/night room at the university YMCA , and their first job was washing dishes for $ 1.20 an hour . They joined the Beta Theta Pi fraternity at the school . They graduated from the UIUC College of Engineering with a BSc in Industrial Engineering in 1971 . They later are awarded the Mechanical Science and Engineering Distinguished Alumni Award in 1999 .
Business career
Flex-N-Gate
Khan worked at the automotive manufacturing company Flex-N-Gate Corporation while attending the University of Illinois . When they graduated they were hired as the engineering director for the company . In 1978 , they started Bumper Works , which made car bumpers for customized pickup trucks and body shop repairs . The funds to start the new business included a $ 50,000 loan from the Small Business Administration and $ 16,000 of their own savings .
In 1980 , they bought Flex-N-Gate from their former employer Charles Gleason Butzow , bringing Bumper Works into the fold . Khan grew the company so that it supplied bumpers for the Big Three automakers . In 1984 , they began supplying a small number of bumpers for Toyota pickups . By 1987 it was the sole supplier for Toyota pickups and by 1989 it was the sole supplier for the entire Toyota line in the United States . Adopting The Toyota Way increased company efficiency and ability to change its manufacturing process within a few minutes . Since then , the company has grown from $ 17 million in sales to an estimated $ 2 billion in 2010 to $ 8.89 billion in 2020 .
By 2019 , Flex-N-Gate had 25,000 employees and 69 manufacturing plants in the United States and China , Argentina , Spain , France , Germany , Mexico and Canada . and in 2020 had a revenue of $ 8.9 billion and was ranked as the 46th largest privately held American company by Forbes . It is also ranked by Automotive News as the 7th largest American automotive parts supplier and overall 33rd largest supplier in the world .
In May 2012 , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration fined Flex-N-Gate $ 57,000 for health violations at its Urbana plant . Before the 2012 NFL Draft , the United Automobile Workers ( UAW ) and other environmentalist groups organized a campaign for several accusations against Flex-N-Gate and Khan .
Sports and entertainment
Jacksonville Jaguars
Khan 's first attempt to purchase a National Football League team came on February 11 , 2010 , when they entered into an agreement to acquire 60 % of the then-St. Louis Rams from Chip Rosenbloom and Lucia Rodriguez , subject to approval by other NFL owners . However , Stan Kroenke , the minority shareholder of the Rams , ultimately exercised a clause in their ownership agreement to match any proposed bid .
On November 29 , 2011 , Khan agreed to purchase the Jacksonville Jaguars from Wayne Weaver and their ownership group subject to NFL approval . Weaver announced their sale of the team to Khan later that same day . The terms of the deal were not immediately disclosed , other than a verbal commitment to keep the team in Jacksonville , Florida . The purchase price was $ 770 million . The NFL owners unanimously approved the purchase on December 14 , 2011 . The sale was finalized on January 4 , 2012 , making Khan the first member of an ethnic minority to own an NFL team .
Khan is a board member of the NFL Foundation .
Khan is one of three NFL team owners born outside of the United States of America , the other two being Kim Pegula of the Buffalo Bills , born in South Korea , and Zygi Wilf of the Minnesota Vikings , born in Germany .
Fulham F.C .
In July 2013 , Khan negotiated the purchase of the London soccer club Fulham F.C . of the Premier League from its previous owner , Mohamed Al Fayed . The deal was finalized on July 12 , 2013 , with the amount estimated between £150–200 million . An official purchase price for the club was not announced with them stating that it was `` highly confidential '' .
All Elite Wrestling
In 2019 , it was revealed that Shahid Khan and their son , Tony Khan , are the lead investors behind the professional wrestling promotion All Elite Wrestling ( AEW ) . Tony Khan is also the President and CEO of the promotion .
Black News Channel
Khan was the majority shareholder in Black News Channel throughout the network 's two-year existence .
Personal life
Khan is Muslim . Khan met Ann Carlson ( now Ann Carlson Khan ) at the University of Illinois in 1967 and dated them for ten years before they married in 1977 . They have two children together , a daughter , Shanna Khan , and a son , Tony Khan , born in 1982 . Khan became a naturalized American citizen in 1991 .
Khan owns a house in Naples , Florida , and the superyacht Kismet . They also have an apartment in Chicago 's Gold Coast neighborhood .
Awards and honors
Khan has received a number of awards from the University of Illinois , including a Distinguished Alumnus Award in 1999 from the Department of Mechanical Science and Industrial Engineering , the Alumni Award for Distinguished Service in 2006 from the College of Engineering , and ( with their wife , Ann Carlson ) the Distinguished Service Award in 2005 from the University of Illinois Alumni Association .
See also
Forbes list of billionaires
Four Seasons Hotel and Residences Toronto
Kismet ( yacht )
References
External links
Fulham F.C . bio
Jacksonville Jaguars bio
1950 births
Living people
All Elite Wrestling executives
All Elite Wrestling personnel
American billionaires
American people of Pakistani descent
American company founders
American industrial engineers
American manufacturing businesspeople
American Muslims
American soccer chairpeople and investors
Businesspeople from Lahore
Corporate executives in the automobile industry
Engineers from Illinois
Fulham F.C . directors and chairpeople
Jacksonville Jaguars owners
Naturalized citizens of the United States
Pakistani billionaires
Pakistani company founders
Pakistani emigrants to the United States
Pakistani industrial engineers
People from Urbana , Illinois
Grainger College of Engineering alumni
Congregation Magen David Synagogue is a historic Sephardic Syrian-Jewish synagogue located in the Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn , Kings County , New York . Erected in 1920–1921 , the synagogue was at its height of popularity during the 1940s , 1950s , and early 1960s . The synagogue is still in continual use for daily and Shabbat prayers . It is a two-story , Romanesque Revival style brick building on a raised basement . It features a variety of brick designs and stone details , round arched windows , and a red terra cotta clad tile roof .
In 2001 , the building was declared a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission . By 2004 , the building was certified and listed with the National Register of Historic Places .
See also
List of New York City Landmarks
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kings County , New York
References
Synagogues in Brooklyn
Bensonhurst , Brooklyn
New York City Designated Landmarks in Brooklyn
Sephardi synagogues
Sephardi Jewish culture in New York City
Syrian-American culture in New York City
Syrian-Jewish culture in New York ( state )
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in Brooklyn
Synagogues on the National Register of Historic Places in New York City
1921 establishments in New York City
Synagogues completed in 1921
Romanesque Revival architecture in New York City
Nico Herzig ( born 10 December 1983 ) is a German former professional footballer who played as a centre-back . Their brother , Denny , is also a footballer . Nico Herzig retired in December 2020 .
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
People from Pößneck
Footballers from Thuringia
German footballers
Association football defenders
Wimbledon F.C . players
SV Wacker Burghausen players
Alemannia Aachen players
Arminia Bielefeld players
SV Wehen Wiesbaden players
Würzburger Kickers players
TSV Steinbach Haiger players
Bundesliga players
2 . Bundesliga players
3 . Liga players
Regionalliga players
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Britons never made up more than a small portion of the population in Hong Kong , despite Hong Kong having been under British rule for more than 150 years . However , they did leave their mark on Hong Kong 's institutions , culture and architecture . The British population in Hong Kong today consists mainly of career expatriates working in banking , education , real estate , law and consultancy , as well as many British-born ethnic Chinese , former Chinese émigrés to the UK and Hong Kongers ( mostly ethnic Chinese ) who successfully applied for full British citizenship before the transfer of sovereignty in 1997 .
There were 33,733 Britons in Hong Kong , as of the 2011 Hong Kong Census .
Numbers
Estimating the number of Britons in Hong Kong , as with the rest of Asia , can be difficult for a variety of reasons . One reason is that not all immigrants or visitors register with the British Consulate-General in Hong Kong . Another is that a large part of the British population is transitory , working in the city for only a few months or years .
Hong Kong 's Immigration Department estimated that there were 35,000 British citizens living in the Special Administrative Region eight months after the handover of sovereignty in 1997 . ( This number included many British-born ethnic Hong Kong and ethnic Hong Kong who obtained full British citizenship in the 1990s under the British Nationality Selection Scheme in Hong Kong . ) A large proportion of the British who were government employees left following the handover .
There have been noticeably fewer native Britons emigrating to Hong Kong since the handover . During British Hong Kong era , Britons wishing to live and work in Hong Kong were not subject to the immigration and visa restrictions that would apply today . It was common for young Britons to go to Hong Kong to work in blue-collar occupations , particularly during economic downturns in Britain . This advantage ended with the handover : Britons applying for permission to work in Hong Kong must now prove they will have jobs that can not be filled by local residents , which means blue-collar jobs in Hong Kong ( e.g. , in retail or construction ) are for the most part no longer an option for Britons .
In the decade before the handover around 3.4 million British Dependent Territories Citizens ( BDTCs ) of Hong Kong ( mainly ethnic Chinese ) acquired the status of British National ( Overseas ) ( BN ( O ) ) by registration . They do not have the right of abode in the UK ( just as BDTCs did not have that right ) , and China does not recognise Hong Kong-born ethnic Chinese BN ( O ) s as British nationals . However , BN ( O ) are considered British outside China .
Migration history
The first British presence in the area was the British East India Company , which started trading in the area in 1699 and set up a trading post in Canton in 1711 . The British captured Hong Kong Island in 1841 during the First Opium War and were officially ceded the territory in 1842 under the Treaty of Nanking . Over the next 150 years Britons came to Hong Kong in relatively large numbers—many to work in the colony 's administration , trading houses , and merchant banks—along with other Europeans and Americans .
Between 1991 and 1996 there was a substantial increase in the number of British citizens in Hong Kong ; the number of UK passport holders in Hong Kong more than doubled , to over 34,000 . This increase was mainly due to the British Nationality Selection Scheme , which granted British citizenship to 50,000 families ( mostly ethnic Chinese ) , some of whom did not emigrate . However , in those years many young people from the United Kingdom went to Hong Kong to take up unskilled jobs ( e.g. , as doorpersons or in food service ) .
Ethnicity
Among the 33,733 citizens of the United Kingdom living in Hong Kong , 19,405 are of some European ethnicity , 6,893 are Chinese , 2,337 are Indian , 1,047 are Pakistani , 829 are Nepalese , 273 are other Asians , 227 are Filipino , 98 are Thai , 40 are Japanese , and 40 are Indonesian . 2,544 other Britons are of a different ethnicity .
Education
Schools using the education system of England in Hong Kong include :
Harrow International School Hong Kong
Kellett School – As of 2011 children with UK citizenship make up 69 % of the student body
Malvern College Hong Kong
South Island School – As of 2011 children with UK citizenship are the largest component of the student body
See also
British Hong Kong
Demographics of Hong Kong
Gweilo
Hong Kong people in the United Kingdom
Britons in China
References
British diaspora in Asia
+
European diaspora in Hong Kong
+
Talovsky ( masculine ) , Talovskaya ( feminine ) , or Talovskoye ( neuter ) may refer to :
Talovsky District , a district of Voronezh Oblast , Russia
Talovsky ( rural locality ) , a rural locality ( a khutor ) in Volgograd Oblast , Russia
Talovskoye , a rural locality ( a selo ) in Omsk Oblast , Russia
The 14th Congress of Deputies is the current meeting of the Congress of Deputies , the lower house of the Spanish Cortes Generales , with the membership determined by the results of the general election held on 10 November 2019 . The congress met for the first time on 3 December 2019 . According to the Constitution of Spain the maximum legislative term of the congress is 4 years from the preceding election .
Election
The 14th Spanish general election under the 1978 Constitution was held on 10 November 2019 . It saw the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) remaining the largest party in the Congress of Deputies , but falling short of a majority .
History
The new congress met for the first time on 3 December 2019 and after two rounds of voting Meritxell Batet ( PSOE ) was elected as President of the Congress of Deputies with the support of the Unidos Podemos–En Comú Podem ( UP–ECP ) and various nationalist and regionalist parties .
Other members of the Bureau of the Congress of Deputies were also elected on 21 May 2019 : Alfonso Rodríguez ( PSOE ) , First Vice-President ; Ana Pastor ( PP ) , Second Vice-President ; Gloria Elizo ( UP ) , Third Vice-President ; Ignacio Gil ( Vox ) , Fourth Vice-President ; Gerardo Pisarello ( ECP ) , First Secretary ; Sofía Hernanz ( PSOE ) , Second Secretary ; Javier Sánchez ( UP ) , Third Secretary ; and Adolfo Suárez ( PP ) , Fourth Secretary .
Government
Shortly after the election the PSOE and UP–ECP agreed to form a coalition government , the first in Spain since the restoration of democracy . Caretaker Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez ( POSE ) was re-elected narrowly in January 2020 with the support of the UP–ECP and various nationalist and regionalist parties .
Deaths , resignations and expulsions
The 14th congress has seen the following deaths , resignations and expulsions :
13 January 2020 – Beatriz Corredor ( PSOE ) resigned for personal reasons . They were replaced by Isaura Leal ( PSOE ) on 4 February 2020 .
15 January 2020 – Dolores Delgado ( PSOE ) resigned after being appointed Attorney General of Spain . They were replaced by Omar Anguita ( PSOE ) on 4 February 2020 .
21 January 2020 – Héctor Illueca ( UP ) and Francisco Salazar ( PSOE ) resigned after being appointed Director of the Labour Inspesctorate and deputy chief of staff of the government respectively . They were replaced by Rosa Medel ( UP ) and José Losada ( PSOE ) respectively on 4 February 2020 .
22 January 2020 – Elena Máñez ( PSOE ) resigned after being appointed Minister of Economy , Research and Employment of the Canary Islands . They were replaced by Juan Fuentes ( PSOE ) on 4 February 2020 .
27 January 2020 – Francisco Polo ( PSOE ) resigned after being appointed High Commissioner for a Entrepreneurial Nation . They were replaced by Sonia Guerra ( PSOE ) on 4 February 2020 .
29 January 2020 – José Guirao ( PSOE ) resigned to return to cultural management and María Rosell ( UP ) resigned after being appointed government delegate against gender violence . They were replaced by Indalecio Gutiérrez ( PSOE ) and Meri Pita ( UP ) respectively on 4 February 2020 .
11 February 2020 – José Manuel Franco ( PSOE ) , José Javier Izquierdo ( PSOE ) and María Marrodán ( PSOE ) resigned after being appointed government delegates in the Community of Madrid , Castile and León and La Rioja respectively . They were replaced by Rafael Vélez ( PSOE ) , Julio del Valle ( PSOE ) and Raquel Pedraja ( PSOE ) respectively .
21 February 2020 - Isabel Celaá , Fernando Grande-Marlaska , Reyes Maroto , José Montilla Martos , Luis Planas , Teresa Ribera , Margarita Robles , Juan Carlos Campo , Pedro Saura ( PSOE ) resigned as Deputies to focus on their minister or junior minister positions . They were replaced by Daniel Senderos , Gemma Araujo , Gema López , Inmaculada Oria , Antonio Hurtado Zurera , Julio Navalpotro , Manuel Arribas , José Ramón Ortega and Carmen Baños respectively .
13 March 2020 - Pablo Arangüena and Marina Ortega ( PSOE ) resigned to run in the 2020 Galician regional election . They were replaced by Diego Taibo and Uxía Tizón respectively .
21 May 2020 - Marcos de Quinto ( Cs ) resigned . They were replaced by Miguel Ángel Gutiérrez .
15 July 2020 - Isabel García Tejerina ( PP ) resigned . They were replaced by Gabriel Elorriaga .
12 November 2020 - Carlos Fernández-Roca ( Vox ) resigned . They were replaced by Mercedes Jara .
31 January 2021 - María Pilar Ramallo ( PP ) resigned to focus in their job as mayor of Marín , Pontevedra . They were replaced by Juan Manuel Constenla .
4 March 2021 - Jaume Alonso-Cuevillas ( JxCat ) resigned after being elected to the Parliament of Catalonia in the 2021 Catalan regional election . They were replaced by Josep Pagès .
11 March 2021 - Laura Borràs ( JxCat ) and Ignacio Garriga ( Vox ) resigned after being elected to the Parliament of Catalonia in the 2021 Catalan regional election . They were replaced by Pilar Calvo and Juan Carlos Segura respectively .
26 March 2021 - Pablo Iglesias Turrión ( UP ) resigned in order to run for President of the Community of Madrid in the 2021 Madrilenian regional election , they were replaced by Mercedes Pérez Merino . Marta Martín Llaguno ( Cs ) resigned , they were replaced by Juan Ignacio López-Bas .
4 May 2021 - Joan Josep Nuet ( ERC ) was expelled following a debartenderst procedure from the Supreme Court of Spain . They were replaced by Gerard Álvarez i García .
8 June 2021 - María Márquez Guerrero ( UP ) resigned and was replaced by Miguel Ángel Bustamante Martín .
27 July 2021 - Pilar Cancela Rodríguez ( PSOE ) resigned afte being named secretary of State of International Cooperation . They were replaced by Natividad González Laso .
5 October 2021 - Noelia Vera ( UP ) resigned and retired from politics , and was replaced by Juan Antonio Delgado Ramos .
22 October 2021 - Alberto Rodríguez ( UP ) was expelled following a debartenderst procedure from the Supreme Court of Spain . No other UP candidate took their seat , remaining vacant in protest for the ruling .
30 November 2021 - Teresa Jiménez-Becerril ( PP ) resigned when appointed associate to the Spanish Ombudsman . They were replaced by Ricardo Tarno .
28 March 2022 - Manuel Gabriel González Ramos ( PSOE ) resigned when appointed to the board of directors of Enagás . They were replaced by José Carlos Díaz Rodríguez .
4 April 2022 - Pablo Casado ( PP ) , leader of the opposition , resigned after a party rebellion against him . They were replaced by Percival Manglano .
21 April 2022 - Pablo Montesinos ( PP ) resigned in solidarity with former party leader Pablo Casado . They were replaced by Ángel Luis González Muñoz .
27 June 2022 - Macarena Olona ( Vox ) and Juan Antonio Delgado Ramos ( UP ) resigned after being elected to the Parliament of Andalusia in the 2022 Andalusian regional election . They were replaced by Onofre Miralles and José Luis Bueno Pinto respectively .
30 June 2022 - Pedro Quevedo ( NC ) resigned . They were replaced by María Fernández Pérez .
Members
See also
14th Cortes Generales
14th Senate of Spain
Notes
References
2019 establishments in Spain
Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
Lists of current national legislators
The Steregushchiy class ( ) , Russian designation Project 20380 , is a class of corvettes being built for the Russian Navy . Designed by the Almaz Central Marine Design Bureau , subsequent vessels were built to an improved design ( Project 20381 ) , incorporating the Zaslon-Redut SAM system . The ship full displacement and dimensions are large for a corvette , thus it is designated as a frigate by NATO . The Steregushchiy class has been further developed into the ( Project 20385 ) and Project 20386 subclasses . The export variant is known as Project 20382 Tigr .
History
The ships of the Steregushchiy class are multipurpose corvettes , designed to replace the . Such ships are used for littoral zone operations , engagement of enemy submarines and surface ships , and gun support of landing operations . The first batch built at the Severnaya Verf shipyard in St. Petersburg consists of four ships . A second building line has been started at Komsomolsk-on-Amur . The lead ship of this second batch was named .
The Russian Navy has publicly announced that they expect to buy at least 30 of these ships , for all four major fleets .
According to Jane 's Naval Forces News , the first vessel was commissioned on 14 November 2007 .
An additional order of eight corvettes of the project 20380 ( and an additional two of the project 20385 ) was made in August 2020 . Some of the ships may reportedly be built at the Amur Shipyard as destined for the Pacific Fleet , while others could be built at Severnaya Verf . As of November 2020 , the allocation between shipyards for the ten new vessels had still to be decided . In December it was announced that the Amur Shipyard would build six new corvettes ( two Project 20380 and four Project 20385 ) for the Pacific Fleet with projected service entry between 2024 and 2028 . Construction was to begin in 2021 .
Design
The Steregushchiy-class corvettes have a steel hull and composite material superstructure , with a bulbous bow and nine watertight subdivisions . They have a combined bridge and command centre , and space and weight provision for eight SS-N-25 missiles . Stealth technology was widely used during construction of the ships , as well as 21 patents and 14 new computer programs . Newest physical field reduction solutions were applied too . As a result , designers considerably reduced the ship 's radar signature thanks to hull architecture and fire-resistant radar-absorbent fiberglass applied in tophamper 's design .
The Kashtan CIWS on the first ship was replaced in subsequent vessels by twelve Redut VLS cells containing 9M96E medium-range SAMs of the S-400 system . SS-N-27 ( Kalibr type missiles ) will be fitted to a larger domestic version , Project 20385 . For the anti-submarine warfare the ships are equipped with two 4-tube launchers of the Paket-NK ASW system .
The export version known as Project 20382 Tigr carries either eight supersonic SS-N-26 ( P-800 Oniks ) anti-ship missiles or sixteen subsonic SS-N-25 'Switchblade ' ( Kh-35E Uran ) . It also carries two twin-tube launchers for 533 mm heavy torpedoes instead of Paket-NK on the domestic version . The A-190E 100 mm gun first used in the s is controlled by a 5P-10E system that can track four targets simultaneously . Protection from air attacks is provided by the Kashtan CIWS and eight mounts for the SA-N-10 'Grouse ' ( 9K38 Igla ) SAM .
Export
In 2007 the Indonesian Navy made an agreement in principle ( pending a full contract ) for four vessels of this type to replace their ageing Dutch-built corvettes . The first was to be built in Spain and fitted out in St. Petersburg , leaving open the option of Indonesian involvement in building the subsequent ships . This agreement appears to have lapsed ; in 2011 Indonesia signed a deal for two Ada-class corvettes from Turkey . Rosoboronexport have briefed Singapore and the United Arab Emirates on the vessel .
The first actual contract for the export version , Project 20382 Tigr , was signed at the 5th International Maritime Defense Show in St. Petersburg in July 2011 when Algeria ordered two ships . The cost was estimated at US $ 120–150 million per ship . One was to be delivered to the Algerian Navy in 2014 and one in 2015 , but over five years later , the IISS Military Balance 2020 did not list any such vessels in service with the Algerian Navy ( IISS MB 2020 , p. 341 ) .
Operational history
Steregushchiy started sea trials in November 2006 and was commissioned in the Baltic Fleet on 14 November 2007 .
Soobrazitelnyy , the second ship in the class , was launched on 31 March 2010 and was expected to start sea trials in November/December 2010 . The ship was commissioned in October 2011 .
Boikiy was commissioned in May 2013 .
Stoikiy was commissioned in May 2014 . Flag-raising ceremony was conducted on 27 July 2014 .
Sovershennyy was launched in 2015 and joined the Pacific Fleet in late July 2017 .
Gromkiy was commissioned in December 2018 .
Hero of the Russian Federation Aldar Tsydenzhapov was commissioned in December 2020 .
2017
On 14 October 2017 , Soobrazitelnyy 's , Boikiy and tanker Kola embarked a deployment to the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea . The ships returned to their homeport on 14 January 2018 and were greeted by the commander of the Baltic Fleet Vice-Admiral Aleksandr Nosatov .
2020
The first six corvettes participated in a large-scale exercise of the Russian Navy in March–April 2020 . The exercise has been suggested to be an answer to the largest NATO post-Cold War simulation of amphibious landing in Europe Defender 2020 .
The Russian exercise started with corvette Stoikiy and tank landing ship ( LST ) Korolyov being deployed to the North Sea in early March . In mid and late March , the three remaining corvettes saw deployments as well . Boikiy was active in the southern North Sea , together with LSTs Minsk and Kaliningrad , while Steregushchiy and Soobrazitelnyy were active in the central North Sea . Auxiliary ships present included the tug Nikolay Chiker , tankers Kola and Akademik Pashin , as well as special-purpose ship Yantar . Adding the Yaroslav Mudry 's deployment to the Indian Ocean , this means that all active major surface combatants of the Baltic Fleet were active at the same time , which was an unprecedented event at the time and can be roughly compared only with the Ocean Shield 2019 exercise , where two LSTs , three corvettes and a frigate were active in the Baltic Sea . At the same time , however , frigates Admiral Grigorovich , Admiral Essen and Admiral Makarov of the Black Sea Fleet were also active . On 26 March , the combined Russian force with two Black Sea Fleet frigates , three corvettes and two LSTs of the Baltic Fleet was tracked by a nine-ship strong Royal Navy squadron .
At the Pacific Fleet , Sovershennyy and Gromkiy held an exercise along with cruiser Varyag , destroyers Bystryy , Admiral Tributs , Admiral Panteleyev , tracking ship Marshal Krylov and icebreakers Sadko , Ivan Susanin , as well as civilian icebreaker Kapitan Khlebnikov in the Sea of Japan . Another exercise was held in the Bering Sea by corvettes MPK-82 , MPK-107 , Ust-Ilimsk , Kholmsk , Moroz , Razliv , Iney , Smerch and two minesweepers .
The second stage of the exercise started on 8 April , when Steregushchiy , Soobrazitelnyy and Stoikiy were again deployed to the Baltic Sea . A day earlier , frigate Admiral Kasatonov , submarine Sankt Peterburg and tug Pamir of the Northern Fleet were reported to be in the Norwegian Sea on their way to the Baltic Sea as well .
The intense period of exercises continued in mid April . At the Pacific Fleet they involved one LST and six anti-ship corvettes . At the Northern Fleet they included two anti-ship , three anti-submarine corvettes and supposedly six nuclear submarines . The Baltic Fleet held three more exercises involving two LSTs , six anti-ship corvettes , two anti-submarine corvettes as well as other ships . Boikiy was deployed to the English Channel with tanker Akademik Pashin on 30 April .
In November–December 2020 , corvettes Steregushchiy , Boikiy and tanker Kola took part in an unusually intensive Russian naval activity in the North Sea and areas near the United Kingdom . The deployments could have been an answer to the sailing of US , British and Norwegian warships to the Barents Sea for the first time after the Cold War earlier in 2020 . Destroyer Severomorsk , accompanied by the tanker Sergey Osipov had been active in the area , as well and shortly afterwards destroyer Vice-Admiral Kulakov , accompanied by the tanker Akademik Pashin and intelligence ship Viktor Leonov . Vice-Admiral Kulakov , unusually , sailed west of the United Kingdom , in the area where the Russian Navy has n't been known to be active since 2009 ( in 2012 there was a friendly port call of Vice-Admiral Kulakov to Cork ) . Russian ships in the area included also submarine Staryy Oskol , tug Kapitan Guryev and patrol ship Vasily Bykov .
2021
During the February–March exercises of the Baltic Fleet , Boikiy , Soobrazitelnyy and Steregushchy were active in the Baltic Sea , along with frigate Yaroslav Mudry , anti-ship corvettes Mytishchy , Sovetsk , Odintsovo , Zelenyy Dol , Serpukhov , Morshansk , Zarechnyy , Passat , anti-submarine corvettes Aleksin and Kabardino-Balkariya , LSTs Minsk and Korolyov , tanker Aleksandr Grebenshchikov , tug Anatoly Ptytsyn , research vessel Sibiryakov , minesweepers and other ships . The crews of the warships conducted artillery fires against targets simulating enemy warships and air attack weapons . On 18 February , conventional submarine Rostov-na-Donu and escort tug Nikolay Muru transited the area towards the Mediterranean Sea , as well . Finally , an amphibious landing exercise has been held with landing craft Michman Lermontov , Leytenant Rimskiy Korsakov , D-325 , Mordoviya and others .
Ships
Italics indicate estimates
See also
List of ships of the Soviet Navy
List of ships of Russia by project number
Gremyashchiy-class corvette
Project 20386 corvette
References
External links
Project 20380 Steregushchy Class Corvettes
Project 20380/20382/20385 Steregushchiy/Tigr class Corvette
Project 20380/20385 - Complete Ship List
Corvettes of the Russian Navy
Corvette classes
The Tanzilla Plateau is a plateau in the Stikine Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada . It is a sub-plateau of the Stikine Plateau and is located east of the Tuya River , north of the Stikine River and surrounding Dease Lake ; its eastern extremity verges on the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains at Dark Mountain and Pyramid Mountain . The Spatsizi Plateau is to the southeast , the Klastline Plateau to the south , the Tahltan Highland to the west and southwest , and the Kawdy Plateau to the west and northwest . All are also sub-plateaus of the Stikine Plateau .
Subranges
French Range
Hotailuh Range
See also
Tuya Volcanic Field
Volcanism of Canada
Volcanism of Western Canada
References
Plateaus of British Columbia
Stikine Country
Stikine Plateau
Volcanism of British Columbia
The 31st Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1894 Nova Scotia general election , the 30th overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the ( due to a counting error in 1859 ) 31st General Assembly of Nova Scotia ,
the 1897 Nova Scotia general election , the 31st overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the 32nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia , but considered the 9th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia , or
the 1984 Nova Scotia general election , the 53rd overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the 54th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia , but considered the 31st general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
In enzymology , a ribose isomerase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-ribose D-ribulose
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , D-ribose , and one product , D-ribulose .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting aldoses and ketoses . The systematic name of this enzyme class is D-ribose aldose-ketose-isomerase . Other names in common use include D-ribose isomerase , and D-ribose ketol-isomerase .
References
EC 5.3.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Dease River flows through northwestern British Columbia , Canada and is a tributary of the Liard River . The river descends from Dease Lake , though its ultimate origin is in the headwaters of Little Dease Creek at Snow Peak , approximately west of the lake . The river flows generally north-eastward , draining into the Liard River near Lower Post , British Columbia . Large sections of the river parallel the Cassiar Highway , helping to make it a popular destination for canoeists , kayaakers , and rafters .
The area has a rich history . It is important to the history of Tahltan and Kaska First Nations , who continue to reside along the river . The first European known to have visited the river was John McLeod , a Hudson 's Bay Company fur trader and explorer , in August 1831 . They named the river for Peter Warren Dease , at the time Chief factor of the Mackenzie River District of the Hudson 's Bay Company . In 1837 , Robert Campbell established a Hudson 's Bay Company fur trading post at Dease Lake . The community of Dease Lake has a population of approximately 650 , and is the major centre in the river 's watershed .
In fiction :
In Jack London 's short story , `` Love of Life , '' the protagonist is trying to make their way to `` the river Dease , '' where they have a cache of food and supplies hidden .
See also
Dease River First Nation
References
External links
Dease Lake community website - Provides area information and useful links
Dease River
Cassiar Country
Tributaries of the Liard River
Rustem Hazitovich Dautov ( , born 28 November 1965 in Ufa ) is a German chess player of Tatar origin who holds the FIDE title of Grandmaster .
In 1983 they won the USSR U18 youth championship and in 1986 the Belarusian Chess Championship . They completed their military service in the 1980s in the sports department of the Soviet army , which was stationed in East Germany . In this period they participated in various GDR tournaments : in 1984 , they were second ( after Valery Chekhov ) in Berlin . Tournament victories include Dresden in 1986 , Rostock , Halle and Dresden in 1987 , and Minsk and Dresden in 1988 . In 1989 they were awarded the FIDE title of International Master ( IM ) . In 1990 , they won in Münster and was awarded the Grandmaster ( GM ) title . The following year , they won tournaments in Porz and Bad Lauterberg .
In 1992 , Dautov settled in Seeheim-Jugenheim . Since 1996 they play for the German national team . Between 1996 and 2004 , they took part in five Chess Olympiads . Their biggest success was in 2000 at the 34th Chess Olympiad in Istanbul , where they and their team got the silver medal ( Russia scored gold ) . Dautov also scored two individual bronze medals , one for their rating performance of 2788 and one for their 8.5/11 score on the third board .
In 1996 , Dautov won ( jointly with Artur Yusupov ) the international German Chess Championship , they finished second in the championship of 1999 . In the late 1990s they won tournaments in Bad Homburg ( 1997 ) , Seefeld ( 1997 ) , Essen ( 1999 ) ( shared with Vadim Zvjaginsev , Emil Sutovsky and Larry Christiansen ) and Deizisau 2002 ( amongst others shared with Vladimir Epishin and Levon Aronian ) . They participated in the FIDE World Chess Championship 2002 and the FIDE World Chess Championship 2004 , where they were knocked out in the second and first round respectively .
Dautov took on professional poker in recent years . They play regularly in the German Chess Bundesliga for OSC Baden-Baden and the Swiss National League A for chess club Lucerne . They have written numerous articles for New in Chess and authored a Chessbase DVD 'Queen 's gambit with 5.Bf4 ' .
Since the season 2016/17 , Dautov plays for the team of SF Deizisau in the Second Chess Bundesliga .
References
Short Biography of Rustem Dautov
Article by Dautov in New in Chess
Dautov 's Queen 's gambit with 5.Bf4
External links
1965 births
Living people
Russian chess players
German chess players
German poker players
Chess grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Soviet emigrants to Germany
Sportspeople from Ufa
Statistics of Guam League in the 1992 season .
Overview
University of Guam won the championship .
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Robert Henry ( R. H. ) Charles , ( Cookstown , 6 August 1855–Westminster , 1931 ) was an Irish Anglican theologian , biblical scholar , professor , and translator from Northern Ireland . They are known particularly for their English translations of numerous apocryphal and pseudepigraphal Ancient Hebrew writings , including the Book of Jubilees ( 1895 ) , the Apocalypse of Baruch ( 1896 ) , the Ascension of Isaiah ( 1900 ) , the Book of Enoch ( 1906 ) , and the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs ( 1908 ) , which have been widely used . They wrote the articles in the eleventh edition of Encyclopædia Britannica ( 1911 ) attributed to the initials `` R. H. C . ''
They were born in Cookstown , County Tyrone , on 6 August 1855 and educated at the Belfast Academy , Queen 's College , Belfast , and Trinity College , Dublin , with periods in Imperial Germany and Switzerland . They gained a D.D . and became Professor of Biblical Greek at the Trinity College . In 1906 , they were elected Fellow of the British Academy and four years later they were appointed Fellow of the Merton College , Oxford .
They also became Archdeacon of Westminster in 1919 , serving until their death in 1931 . They are buried in Westminster Abbey
Source `` Queen 's University University Belfast Collections & Archives `` R H Charles married , Mary Lilias 1886 ... having no children .
Select bibliography
The Book of Enoch , Oxford : Clarendon , 1893 , reprinted in 1895 . Republished by Boston , MA : Samuel Weiser ; 2003 .
The Ethiopic Version of the Hebrew Book of Jubilees , Oxford : Clarendon , 1895 .
The Apocalypse of Baruch , London : Black , 1896 .
and W. R. Morfill , The Book of the Secrets of Enoch , Oxford : Clarendon , 1896 . Republished by Filiquarian Publishing , 2006 .
The Assumption of Moses , London : Black , 1897 .
A Critical History of the Doctrine of a Future Life , London : Black , 1899 . 1999 reprint of 2nd edition
Ascension of Isaiah , London : Black , 1900 .
The Book of Jubilees or the Little Genesis , London : Black , 1902 .
Encyclopaedia Biblica ( contributor ) , 1903
The Ethiopic Version of Book of Enoch , Oxford : Clarendon , 1906 .
The Greek Versions of the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs , Oxford : Clarendon , 1908 .
trans . The Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs ) , London : Adam and Charles Black , 1908 .
The Book of Enoch or 1 Enoch : Translated from the Editor 's Ethiopic Text , Oxford : Clarendon , 1912 .
Fragments of a Zadokite Work . Translated from the Cambridge Hebrew Text and edited with Introduction , Notes , and Indexes , Oxford : Clarendon Press , 1912 .
Studies in the Apocalypse , Edinburgh : T. & T. Clark , 1913 .
Eschatology : The Doctrine of a Future Life in Israel , Judaism and Christianity , London : Black , 1913 ( rpt . New York : Schocken 1963 with an introduction by G. W. Buchanan ) .
ed . The Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament , 2 vols . ; Oxford : Clarendon , 1913 . Republished in 1976 .
Religious Development Between the Old and the New Testaments , William and Norgate , 1914 . Republished in 1925 .
Lectures on the Apocalypse , Schweich Lecture for 1919 .
A Critical and Exegetical Commentary on the Revelation of St. John , 2 vols. , Edinburgh : Clark , 1920 .
The Teaching of the New Testament on Divorce , London : Williams & Norgate , 1921
A Critical and Exegetical Commentary on the Book of Daniel , Oxford : Clarendon , 1929 .
References
T. W. Manson , `` Charles , Robert Henry , '' in The Dictionary of National Biography , 1931–40 , ed . L. G. Wickham Legg , Oxford : Oxford University Press , 1949 , pp . 169–70 .
`` Concise Dictionary of National Biography ''
External links
1855 births
1931 deaths
19th-century British biblical scholars
20th-century British non-fiction writers
20th-century English theologians
20th-century Irish non-fiction writers
Alumni of Queen 's University Belfast
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Anglican biblical scholars
Anglican priests from Northern Ireland
Archdeacons of Westminster
Bible commentators
Canons of Westminster
English Anglican theologians
English Freemasons
Fellows of the British Academy
Ge'ez language
Greek–English translators
Irish Anglican theologians
Irish biblical scholars
Irish Freemasons
People educated at the Belfast Royal Academy
People from Cookstown
People from Northern Ireland
Translators of the Bible into English
Fellows of Merton College , Oxford
Archimede combined cycle power plant ( also known as Centrale a ciclo combinato Archimede , once Centrale Enel Priolo Gargallo ) is an integrated solar combined cycle ( ISCC ) power generation plant at Priolo Gargallo near Syracuse in Sicily , Italy . The combine cycle section was inaugurated in 2003 , and the solar field on 14 July 2010 . The solar field is the first to use molten salt for heat transfer and storage which is integrated with the combined-cycle gas facility . It uses technology developed by ENEA and Archimede Solar Energy , a joint venture between Angelantoni Industrie and Siemens Energy . Archimede is owned and operated by Enel .
The plant is called `` Archimedes '' ( the famous resident of the nearby Magna Graecia Hellenistic city of Syracuse ) after the rows of huge parabolic mirrors used to capture the sun 's rays , which recall the `` burning mirrors '' that Archimedes is said to have used to set fire to the Roman ships besieging Syracuse during the Siege of Syracuse ( 214–212 BC ) . The existing gas-fired power plant is on about a site area ( excluding the solar field ) , and is augmented by the Archimede solar field .
Description
Combined cycle section
There are two Siemens V94 3/A gas turbine groups with 257 MWe net alternator each . The gas turbine discharge , outgoing , produce steam , through a so-called HRSG ( Heat recovery steam generator ) which then feeds a steam turbine group ( with high , medium and low pressure turbines ) driving a 122 MWe net alternator . The solar component integrates the steam production of the gas turbines through a SSG ( Solar Steam Generator ) , up to a maximum of 15 MWth ( thermal net power ) , in conditions of maximum insolation . The HSRG-1 and HSRG-2 operate in parallel with the SSG , shortly before entering steam turbine group . This means that every unit of thermal energy coming from the solar field delivers electricity only in accordance with the coefficient of efficiency of the steam section , not being involved in the gas turbines . The overall efficiency of the combined cycle turns out to be 56 % , much less the steam section alone .
Solar field section
At first , the solar field was planned larger but in the end it consists of a field of about of mirrors ( the parabolic collectors ) that concentrate sunlight onto of pipe carrying the molten salt fluid . Molten salt is used as the heat transfer fluid in solar field and is heated to . The thermal energy is then stored in a hot tank and is used to produce high pressure steam to run steam turbines for electricity generation , reducing the consumption of fossil fuels and , as a result , enhancing the environmental performance of the combined-cycle plant . The solar collectors ( the parabolic mirrors and pipes or receivers ) , together with a steam generator and two heat storage tanks – one cold and one hot – make up the solar portion of the system .
When the sun shines , the thermal fluid drawn from the cold tank is circulated through the network of parabolic collectors , where it is heated to a temperature of and injected into the hot tank , where the thermal energy is stored . The fluid is then drawn from the hot reservoir to produce steam at high pressure and temperature , which is sent to Enel 's nearby combined-cycle plant , where it contributes to electricity generation .
This system enables the solar field to generate steam at any time of the day and in all weather conditions until the stored thermal energy is depleted . Steam from the solar field may be used to heat the steam turbine group before start-up , or to keep it warm for a faster start-up and less mechanical stress .
The addition of the solar plant to the power station should reduce the amount of gas burnt at the plant and cut carbon dioxide emissions by 7,300 tonnes .
The solar field is relatively small , being less than half of the area dedicated solely to the conventional power plant section .
See also
List of solar thermal power stations
References
External links
Archimede on Enel website
Guardian Environment Network - The world 's first molten salt concentrating solar power plant
Solar power stations in Italy
Siemens
Cut the Cake is the third album released by Average White Band , released in 1975 . This album 's hit title track reached # 10 on the Billboard pop singles chart . It was dedicated to `` our friend and brother Robbie McIntosh . ''
Recording notes
The follow-up album to the immensely successful AWB in 1974 , recording was plagued by creative and artistic differences , with several members of the band walking out of the studio on three occasions . One point of conflict was the band 's mourning for original drummer , Robbie McIntosh , who died of a heroin overdose in 1974 . Producer Arif Mardin considered pulling the plug on the project due to this tension but ultimately persevered and oversaw its completion .
Track listing
Side A
`` Cut the Cake '' ( Average White Band , Gorrie , McIntosh ) – 4:07
`` School Boy Crush '' ( Average White Band , Stuart , Ferrone , Gorrie ) – 4:58
`` It 's A Mystery '' ( Stuart , Average White Band , McIntosh ) – 3:34
`` Groovin ' the Night Away '' ( Average White Band , Stuart ) – 3:42
`` If I Ever Lose This Heaven '' ( Leon Ware , Pam Sawyer ) – 5:00
Side B
`` Why '' ( Ball , Stuart , Gorrie ) – 3:57
`` High Flyin ' Woman '' ( Average White Band , McIntyre , Gorrie ) – 3:47
`` Cloudy '' ( Stuart , Gorrie ) – 4:18
`` How Sweet Can You Get '' ( Ball , Stuart , Gorrie ) – 3:57
`` When They Bring Down the Curtain '' ( Gorrie , Ball ) – 4:42
Personnel
Average White Band
Alan Gorrie – vocals , bass , guitar on `` Cut the Cake '' and `` School Boy Crush ''
Hamish Stuart – vocals , guitar , bass on `` Cut the Cake '' and `` School Boy Crush ''
Roger Ball – keyboards , synthesizer , alto and baritone saxophones , arranger ( Dundee horns )
Malcolm Duncan – tenor saxophone
Onnie McIntyre – guitar , backing vocals
Steve Ferrone – drums , percussion
with :
Ray Barretto – congas on `` It 's a Mystery '' and `` When They Bring Down the Curtain ''
Technical
Gene Paul - engineer , recording
Neal Schwartz , Peter Granet - additional recording
Bob Defrin - art direction
Vincent Topazio - cover illustration
Charts
Singles
See also
List of number-one R & B albums of 1975 ( U.S . )
References
External links
Average White Band-Cut The Cake at Discogs
1975 albums
Average White Band albums
Albums produced by Arif Mardin
Atlantic Records albums
François Viger , in Latin Franciscus Vigerus ( 1590–1647 ) , was a French Jesuit scholar . They were born at Rouen . They composed a valuable Latin translation of the Praeparatio evangelica of Eusebius of Caesarea with notes , published at Paris in 1628 . They also wrote a treatise on Greek , De praecipuis linguae graecae idiotismis , in 1632 .
References
1590 births
1647 deaths
Clergy from Rouen
17th-century French Jesuits
Ole is a Danish and Norwegian masculine given name , derived from the Old Norse name Óláfr , meaning `` ancestor 's descendant '' .
Notable people with the given name include :
Given name
Ole Anderson , American wrestler
Ole Andreas Halvorsen , Norwegian hedge fund manager
Ole Barman , Norwegian novelist
Ole Einar Bjørndalen , Norwegian biathlete
Ole Barndorff-Nielsen , Danish mathematician
Ole Beich , Danish bassist
Ole E. Benson , American politician
Ole Bornedal , Danish film director
Ole Bull , Norwegian violinist
Ole Kirk Christiansen , Danish business person , founder of the Lego Group
Ole Ernst , Danish actor
Ole Espersen , Danish politician
Ole Evinrude , Norwegian-born American outboard manufacturer
Ole Gunnar Solskjær , Norwegian footballer
Ole Bjørn Kraft , Danish journalist and politician
Ole Lund Kirkegaard , Danish author
Ole Monty , Danish actor
Ole Nydahl , Danish founder and director of Diamond Way
Ole Olsen ( filmmaker ) ( 1863–1943 ) , Danish filmmaker , founder of Nordisk Film
Ole Olsen ( speedway rider ) , Danish speedway rider
Ole Birk Olesen ( born 1972 ) , Danish politician
Ole Qvist , Danish goalkeeper
Ole Ritter , Danish racing cyclist
Ole Rømer , Danish astronomer
Ole O. Sageng , American politician
Ole Stavad , Danish politician
Ole Svendsen , Danish boxer
Ole Worm , Danish physician and antiquary
Surname
Eduard Ole ( 1898–1995 ) , Estonian painter
See also
Ola ( given name )
References
Yonge , Charlotte Mary ( 1863 ) . History of Christian Names , Volume 1 . London : Parker , Son , and Bourn . Via Google Books .
Behind the Name
Danish masculine given names
Given names
Masculine given names
Norwegian masculine given names
Food vessel usually refers to dishware , the vessels from which food is served and upon which it is eaten .
It may also refer to :
cookware , the vessels in which food is cooked and prepared
Food Vessel culture ( –1700 BC )
Food Vessel , their distinctive pottery
The Volokh Conspiracy ( ) is a blog co-founded in 2002 by law professor Eugene Volokh , covering legal and political issues from an ideological orientation it describes as `` generally libertarian , conservative , centrist , or some mixture of these . '' It is one of the most widely read and cited legal blogs in the United States . The blog is written by legal scholars and provides discussion on complex court decisions .
Its name is a joking reference to Hillary Clinton 's claim in 1998 of a `` vast right-wing conspiracy '' they believed was persecuting them and husband President Bill Clinton .
In January 2014 , The Volokh Conspiracy migrated to The Washington Post , with Volokh retaining full editorial control over its content . After June 2014 , the blog was behind a paywall . In 2017 , the blog moved to Reason . Volokh cited their principal reason for the move was to “ be freely available to the broadest range of readers ” and to have more editorial independence .
Background
The Volokh Conspiracy was founded in April 2002 by Eugene Volokh , a First Amendment expert and Soviet Jewish refugee . After being offered a guest-blogging gig on InstaPundit , Volokh decided to start their own blog in order to quickly disseminate their views in real time to a popular audience . Volokh , a professional computer programmer , built the site themselves and invited their brother , Sasha , then a graduate student , to join him . The blog was initially called The Volokh Brothers and then changed to The Volokh Conspiracy , in reference to Hillary Clinton 's claim of a `` vast right-wing conspiracy . '' Volokh recruited other contributors through a `` closely guarded selection process . ''
Affordable Care Act
The Volokh Conspiracy , among other blogs , played an important role in influencing the view of Americans against the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act ( ACA ) . Many of The Volokh Conspiracy 's postings were picked up by journalists and integrated into traditional media outlets . Subsequently , The Volokh Conspiracy impacted the questioning and opinions of judges and Supreme Court justices . Law professor Andrew Koppelman wrote that the blog was the `` most important incubator '' for constitutional challenges to the ACA .
According to legal scholar Dick Howard , The Volokh Conspiracy `` provided a forum for conservative legal scholars to develop arguments against the individual mandate , helping to break down the perception of expert consensus on the constitutional issues in play . '' Additionally , authors of the blog were influential behind the National Federation of Independent Businesses v. Sebelius case where they were invited to submit an amicus brief which would be later referenced by Justice Antonin Scalia at oral argument . The blog was the originator of the `` broccoli horrible '' argument against the ACA .
Some contributors of the blog—including Randy Barnett , Jonathan Adler , David Bernstein , Orin Kerr , David Kopel , and Ilya Somin—wrote about their experiences challenging the ACA in a book titled A Conspiracy Against Obamacare : The Volokh Conspiracy and the Affordable Care Act ( 2014 ) . The book details the precursor to the challenges and provides the text of the actual blogs that helped influence legal battles against the ACA . In the foreword of the book , former Solicitor General Paul Clement , the lead attorney who contested the ACA , compared The Volokh Conspiracy to the Federalist Papers and wrote : `` [ I ] f ever a legal blog and a constitutional moment were meant for each other , it was the Volokh Conspiracy and the challenge to the Affordable Care Act . ''
Reception
The Volokh Conspiracy is one of the most widely read and cited legal blogs in the United States . It receives over 30,000 daily views . The blog 's readership consists of scholars and policymakers across the ideological spectrum . The Volokh Conspiracy blog appeared in ABA Journal '' 's `` Blawg 100 Hall of Fame '' .
Yale constitutional law professor Jack Balkin , founder of the liberal legal blog Balkinization , stated that The Volokh Conspiracy `` discusses law and public policy at a very sophisticated level ... It 's an example of how blogging transcends existing categories and expectations . '' Legal scholar Cass Sunstein wrote that the blog often provides `` illuminating criticism '' of the Supreme Court and found it filled with `` civility , intelligence , and overall high quality , '' despite occasional group polarization . Lawyer Tom Goldstein , who co-founded SCOTUSblog , asserts that The Volokh Conspiracy `` remains the single best place to go for interesting , thought-provoking , high-level thinking on the law . ''
Adam Liptak , Supreme Court correspondent for the New York Times , wrote that the Volokh Conspiracy `` is the most influential law blog with a point of view . '' Andy Guess of Inside Higher Ed '' wrote that the blog `` probably has more influence in the field – and more direct impact – than most law reviews . ''
Law professor and blogger Glenn Reynolds lists The Volokh Conspiracy as their favorite legal blog . Justice Elena Kagan is reportedly a regular reader of the blog . Fact-checkers like PolitiFact and FactCheck.org have repeatedly cited The Volokh Conspiracy for legal analysis .
Contributors
Over twenty law professors from across the country contribute to The Volokh Conspiracy . Notable contributors , past and present , include :
Eugene Volokh , UCLA School of Law professor , one of its founders
Alexander `` Sasha '' Volokh , professor of law at Emory University School of Law , brother of Eugene Volokh
Jonathan H. Adler , professor of law at the Case Western Reserve University School of Law , who contributed under the pseudonym `` Juan Non-Volokh '' until May 1 , 2006
Kenneth Anderson , professor of law at American University
Randy Barnett , professor of law at the Georgetown University Law Center
David Bernstein , professor at the George Mason University School of Law
Dale Carpenter , professor at the University of Minnesota Law School , and adjunct professor of law at William Mitchell College of Law
Paul Cassell , professor of law at the S.J . Quinney College of Law at the University of Utah
Tyler Cowen , professor of economics at George Mason University , and James Buchanan Center and Mercatus Center scholar
Clayton Cramer , historian
Orin Kerr , professor of law at UC Berkeley School of Law , formerly at USC Gould School of Law
Eugene Kontorovich , Antonin Scalia Law School professor
David Kopel , research director of the Independence Institute and adjunct professor , University of Denver Sturm College of Law
Jim Lindgren , professor of law at Northwestern University School of Law and director of their Demography of Diversity Project
Eric Posner , professor of law at the University of Chicago Law School
Nicholas Quinn Rosenkranz , professor of law at the Georgetown University Law Center
Ilya Somin , professor of law at George Mason University School of Law
Todd Zywicki , professor of law at George Mason University School of Law
Articles are often posted by guest law professors who are not among the listed Conspirators .
References
Further reading
External links
Former website at The Washington Post
Original website
American legal websites
American political blogs
Libertarian organizations based in the United States
Internet properties established in 2002
2002 establishments in the United States
The Washington Post
Araranguá Lighthouse is an active lighthouse in Araranguá , Brazil on the Atlantic Ocean .
History
It was built in 1953 on a rocky bluff named Morros dos Conventos nearby the beach . The lighthouse is a cylindrical concrete tower with four buttresses surmounted by a metal skeletal tower with the lantern on the top . The tower is white painted with a black horizontal band . The light emits three white flashes , at 3.3 seconds interval , every twenty seconds visible up to . The lighthouse is managed by Brazilian Navy and is identified by the country code number BR-3960 .
See also
List of lighthouses in Brazil
References
External links
Centro de Sinalização Náutica Almirante Moraes Rego
Lighthouses in Brazil
According to the World Health Organization , an estimated 15 % of the world 's population experience some form of disability or impairment . The proportion of disabled people is much higher in Sierra Leone , a West African country which had emerged from a decade-long civil war back in 2002 where the trademark of the rebel groups was to hack off the limbs of civilians .
It is estimated that there are about 450,000 disabled people in Sierra Leone , although this number may be an under-representation . Common disability issues include blindness , deafness , war wounded including amputees , and polio .
Socioeconomics
In a 2009 study of disability in Sierra Leone , one third of the disabled people surveyed were employed while twice as many disabled people ( 16.4 % ) had no access to healthcare as compared to non-disabled people ( 7.1 % ) . In addition , according to the United Nations Development Programme , only 35 % of Sierra Leone 's population above 15 years of age is educated and the statistic is even lower for citizens with disabilities . Poor people are also more at risk of acquiring a disability due to a lack of access to sanitation as well as a safe living and working environment .
Mental health
Mental healthcare in Sierra Leone is almost non-existent . Many individuals try to cure themselves with the help of traditional healers . During the Civil War ( 1991–2002 ) , many soldiers took part in atrocities and many children were forced to fight . This left them traumatised , with an estimated 400,000 people ( by 2009 ) being mentally ill. Thousands of former child soldiers have fallen into substance abuse as they try to blunt their memories .
Government policy
The government of Sierra Leone does not provide any assistance to disabled citizens . In 2010 , Bentry Kalanga , the senior programme manager of Africa for SOS Children 's Villages , an international charity organization , said ; `` Disability has not been regarded as a major development issue up to now and it must be highlighted more . ''
In its 2011 report , the Human Rights Commission of Sierra Leone noted approvingly the passage in that year of the Persons with Disabilities Act 2011 , which `` would address the human rights concerns of Persons With Disability , '' but added `` that this Act has not been popularized and not much has been done to implement it , particularly the establishment of the National Commission for Persons with Disability . ''
References
Manuel Prast Rodríguez de Llano was a footballer who played as a striker for Madrid FC between 1904–1908 and 1912–1914 . They were a historical member of Madrid FC , playing a pivotal role in Madrid 's four back-to-back Copa del Rey titles between 1905 and 1908 , playing in all the finals and remarkably , netting in three of them , including the winning goals in the finals of 1905 and 1907 and a brace in the 1906 . After retiring they become a referee and they were also an entrepreneur and owner of the family business called Confitería Prast , a confectionery founded by their father and which they took care of together with their brothers .
Although history seems to have blurred the legend of Prast , they were one of the most important footballers in the amateur beginnings of Madrid FC , being one of the main architects of the team 's football power in the 1900s and being the club 's all-time top scorer at the time of their retirement in 1914 , before being surpassed by several of their contemporaries such as Santiago Bernabéu .
Playing career
After being constantly linked to the neighboring society of the Moncloa Football Club , on whose board of directors was their brother Carlos , the future mayor of Madrid , they were instead one of the first members of the ( Society ) Madrid Football Club . They were one of the main architects behind the team 's football power in the 1900s , and was also one of the club 's first goalscoring figures , becoming its all-time top scorer . They remained loyal to the club until they retired in 1914 .
They were a member of the historic Madrid FC side of the 1900s , which also included José Berraondo , Pedro Parages , the Yarza brothers ( Manuel and Joaquín ) and Federico Revuelto . Prast scored 8 goals in the Copa del Rey , the most important of which coming in the 1905 Copa del Rey Final when they netted the only goal of the match to assure the first title in the club 's history . They also scored in the 1906 Copa del Rey Final ( twice ) and again the only goal of the 1907 Copa del Rey Final , thus contributing decisively in Madrid 's four Copa del Rey titles in a row . In the same way , and being the tournament that gave access to the national cup , they won a total of five regional championships in the central region . They won a total of nine official titles during their career . They also played one match for Real Sociedad in 1909 .
Refereeing career
After retiring , Prast became a football referee , being among the 5 men who formed the College of Referees of the Central Regional Federation , which was the first College of Referees in Spain . They and Julián Ruete , among others , were the members of its constitution on 15 April 1914 , with Prast being elected as the College 's first president . However , they resigned from the position just a few weeks later , on 9 May , to become one of the first category referees , and whose most important task was to referee the matches of the Central Championship , and if available , the Copa del Rey . In fact , they came to referee the decisive tiebreaker match of the 1913 Copa del Rey Final ( FEF ) between Racing Club de Irún and Athletic Club , which ended in a 1-0 victory to Irun .
Honours
Real Madrid
Campeonato Regional Centro :
Champions ( 5 ) : 1904–05 , 1905–06 , 1906–07 , 1907–08 , 1912–13 .
Copa del Rey :
Champions ( 4 ) : 1905 , 1906 , 1907 and 1908 .
Notes
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20150923234818/http : //www.elaguanis.com/index.php/jugadores ? task=view & id=3456 % 3Ftask % 3Dview
https : //web.archive.org/web/20200113112940/http : //www.leyendablanca.galeon.com/jugad4.htm
http : //www.thefinalball.com/xray.php ? jogador_id=361813 & jogador_na_equipa_id=50
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Spanish footballers
Spanish referees and umpires
Footballers from Madrid
Real Madrid CF players
Association football forwards
The 72-foot Olinger Tower contains the Charles S. Hill Memorial Carillon , the oldest authentic carillon in Colorado . From 1961 through 1999 , the Hill Carillon was the only manually played carillon in Colorado .
Overview
The George W. Olinger Memorial Tower is a pentagon-shaped , blond brick campanile adjacent to the Whatley Chapel on the former Colorado Women 's College campus in the Park Hill neighborhood of Denver . The bells are visible from the ground in the tower 's crown-like stone lattice lantern , which was designed by Denver architect Stanley Morse and made by William G. Zimmerman . The carillon was donated by Colorado Women 's College trustee Mrs. Virginia S. Hill to the school in memory of their husband and erected on the tower in August 1961 .
Pieces arranged for the chapel and tower 's Public Service of Dedication include Prayer for Peace , composed by Jean Miller , and an arrangement of Georg Philipp Telemann 's Fantasia in G minor by University of Chicago carillonneur Daniel Robins .
Every school day from 1962 through 1980 , Colorado Women 's College music professor Phyllis Tremmel or their students played the Hill carillon at noon and at 5 pm , as well as prior to special events at the college .
Carillon
The 30-bell Charles S. Hill Memorial Carillon was cast by the Royal van Bergen Bellfoundries , Heiligerlee , Netherlands . The thirty bells weigh 4,754 pounds . The largest bell is three feet in diameter and weighs 924 pounds . The smallest bell is eight inches in diameter , weighing 18 pounds . Delicate in tone , the instrument is played manually with fists and feet from the clavier which is located at the top of the tower .
The installation of the bells was unique in that the bells were placed in the lantern while it was on the ground and then the entire crown was lifted into place at the top of the tower .
See also
List of carillons in the United States
References
Monuments and memorials in Colorado
Buildings and structures in Denver
Bell towers in the United States
Carillons
Towers in Colorado
Towers completed in 1961
CryoSat-1 , also known as just CryoSat , was a European Space Agency satellite which was lost in a launch failure in 2005 . The satellite was launched as part of the European Space Agency 's CryoSat mission , which aims to monitor ice in the high latitudes . The second mission satellite , CryoSat-2 , was successfully launched in April 2010 .
Background
The European Space Agency 's CryoSat mission was developed following the success of previous satellite altimeters , including Envisat , ERS-1 and ERS-2 . The primary aim of the mission is to allow scientists to measure sea ice thickness and monitor changes on the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets using radar altimetry . The primary instrument on board the satellite was the Synthetic Aperture Interferometric Radar Altimeter ( SIRAL ) , specifically designed to measure both sea ice and polar ice sheets . The method can allow detection of small changes in ice height and sea level , meaning scientists can measure both sea ice thickness and elevation change . A second instrument , DORIS , was to have been used to calculate precisely the spacecraft 's orbit . It also carried an array of retroreflectors which would have allowed measurements to be made from the ground to verify the orbital data provided by DORIS .
The spacecraft was the first in the European Space Agency 's Earth Explorer missions , and was intended to operate in low Earth orbit for three years at an unusually high inclination , therefore reaching the high latitudes . Construction began in 2001 , with EADS Astrium being awarded the contract to build the satellite . Eurockot was to conduct the launch of the satellite using a Rokot/Briz-KM carrier rocket . The spacecraft cost €95 million and weighed 750 kilograms .
Failed Launch
In September 2005 , CryoSat arrived at the launch site in Plesetsk Cosmodrome , Russia . On 08/10/2005 , the satellite failed to reach orbit . The European Space Agency reported that the first stage performed nominally , but the second stage main engine cut-off did not occur as expected . A missing command from the onboard flight control system resulted in the main engine continuing to operate until remaining fuel was depleted . Therefore , the separation of the second stage and upper stage did not happen , and the satellite could not reach orbit . CryoSat fell into the drop zone north of Greenland near the North Pole . There were no safety concerns to populated areas .
Due to the importance of the CryoSat mission for monitoring Earth 's polar regions , a recovery mission was announced less than five months after CryoSat 's failure . CryoSat-2 was successfully launched in 2010 .
See also
CryoSat
CryoSat-2
List of software bugs
References
Spacecraft launched in 2005
Satellite launch failures
Earth observation satellites of the European Space Agency
Spacecraft launched by Rokot rockets
Space synthetic aperture radar
Earth satellite radar altimeters
Space accidents and incidents in Russia
Three in Norway ( by Two of Them ) is a travelogue from the 19th century in Norway , written by James A. Lees and Walter J. Clutterbuck . Fjågesund and Syme identify it as one of the most frequently reprinted travel accounts for Norway .
Development of the narrative
First published in 1882 , the book tells , in an engaging humorous and deadpan style , the adventures of three friends who set out to fish and shoot through one long summer , traveling by canoe and camping along the way through Espedalen to Jotunheimen , a mountainous area . This amusing party make light of the rigours of outdoor life in Norway and enjoy every minute of their idyllic tour , with pristine lakes full of large eager trout , which have never seen an artificial fly , heather hills rich with ptarmigan and reindeer , the characters among the Norwegian country folk they encounter . A typical sentence from the book : `` It continued raining in a nice keep-at-it-all-day-if-you-like kind of manner , so we resided in the tent , and read , and indulged in whisky and water for lunch to counteract any ill effects of the reading – for some of it was poetry . ''
Publication history
There were many editions published in the latter years of the nineteenth century . A 2003 limited edition published by The Flyfisher 's Classic Library quickly sold out , and in 2008/9 there was a new Flyfisher 's Classic Library edition , as well as a new paperback edition published by Coch-y-Bonddu Books . These editions carry a new introduction by Jon Beer , who retraced the steps of the Three in Norway over 100 years later .
It served as an inspiration for the travelogue Three Men in a Boat ( To Say Nothing of the Dog ) , a humorous account by Jerome K. Jerome of a boating holiday on the River Thames between Kingston upon Thames and Oxford , which was published in 1889 .
References
External links
Three in Norway at Internet Archive ( scanned books original editions illustrated )
Three in Norway , ( illustrated epub )
Travelogues
Tourism in Norway
Ben Ahmed Attoumani ( born 15 September 1982 ) is a Comorian former footballer who is last known to have played for Noisy-Le-Grand FC .
Career
Seeking a return to Paris as well as finding a higher level of play , Attoumani signed for US Sénart-Moissy in summer 2009 , adapting well into their new team .
The former captain of the Comoros national team , Attoumani has been likened to Brazilian left-back Roberto Carlos for their performances during a 2013 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier versus Mozambique .
In 2009 , the Comorian defender was enamored of Brazilians Douglas Maicon and Dani Alves due to their defending ability .
References
External links
at Footballdatabase.eu
at National-Football-Teams
Comoros international footballers
Association football defenders
Expatriate footballers in France
Villemomble Sports players
Comorian footballers
1982 births
Comorian expatriate footballers
Living people
Hemmat ( , lit . `` Determination '' ) was a weekly newspaper published from Teheran , Iran . Hemmat was the organ of the Workers Unity Party , and was founded in early 1981 . Mahmoud Sayrafiezadeh was the editor of Hemmat . Hemmat lacked legal authorization , but its circulation was tolerated by the authorities at the time .
References
1981 establishments in Iran
Defunct newspapers published in Iran
Defunct weekly newspapers
Newspapers published in Tehran
Persian-language newspapers
Publications established in 1981
Socialist newspapers
Publications with year of disestablishment missing
Spring Lake is a lake in Waushara County , Wisconsin , in the United States .
Spring Lake was named from the many springs which flow into the lake .
See also
List of lakes in Wisconsin
References
Lakes of Wisconsin
Lakes of Waushara County , Wisconsin
Mount Tidd ( ) is a prominent rock peak which is the highest summit in Pirrit Hills . The peak was positioned by the U.S. Ellsworth-Byrd Traverse Party on December 10 , 1958 . It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Lieutenant Paul Tidd of the U.S. Navy , who was the Officer-in-Charge of Ellsworth Station in 1958 .
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Robert Moskwa ( born 13 October 1965 in Wrocław ) is a Polish actor .
Filmography
2007 : Tylko miłość as Paweł Nadolski
2007 : Manfred Tryb
2004–present : M jak miłość as doctor Artur Rogowski
1998-1999 : Życie jak poker as receptionist
1991 : Kroll as Bogunia
1991 : A woman at war as man in tram ( not occurs in ending subtitles )
External links
Robert Moskwa at filmpolski.pl
1965 births
Living people
Actors from Wrocław
Polish male television actors
Trent Dabbs is an American singer-songwriter who was raised in Jackson , Mississippi and is based in Nashville for their professional career . As a solo artist , Dabbs has released eleven albums , including their latest album , Positano , as well as a self-titled collaboration album with Ashley Monroe since their move to Nashville . Their songs have been played in several TV shows , including Grey 's Anatomy , Private Practice , One Tree Hill , Vampire Diaries , Pretty Little Liars , Parenthood , American Idol , So You Think You Can Dance , and commercials for Crate & Barrel and Zales . They also co-produced and co-wrote many of the songs from Pure Country : Pure Heart .
Career
In addition to Dabbs ' career as a singer , they have also co-written several songs with other artists . Trent 's songwriting credits include Ingrid Michaelson 's Top 40 single , `` Girls Chase Boys '' released in February 2014 , Kacey Musgraves ' single , `` High Horse '' released in March 2018 and Coin 's single `` Growing Pains '' released in 2018 . They have written several songs that have been on ABC 's Nashville including the songs `` Undermine '' and `` Do n't Put Dirt On My Grave Just Yet '' that were both recorded by Hayden Panettiere and `` Shine '' that was recorded and released by Sam Palladio
Dabbs is also a co-founder of the musical collective Ten Out of Tenn , founded in 2005 . In 2015 , the collective celebrated its tenth anniversary , and sold out the Ryman Auditorium . In 2012 , Trent released the debut album for their band , Sugar & The Hi Lows . They and their bandmate , solo artist , Amy Stroup also released a Holiday album , Snow Angel , in November 2012 . The duo released its second album , High Roller in June 2015 .
Credits
Credits adapted from AllMusic .
Discography
Quite Often ( 2004 )
What 's Golden Above Ground ( 2006 )
Ashley Monroe and Trent Dabbs ( 2007 )
Decade Fades ( 2008 )
Your Side Now ( 2010 ) ( Produced by Thomas Doeve )
Transition ( 2010 ) ( Produced by Thomas Doeve )
Southerner ( 2011 ) ( Produced by Jeremy Bose )
Future Like Snow ( 2012 )
The Way We Look at Horses ( 2013 )
Believer ( 2015 )
The Optimist ( 2016 )
Positano ( 2018 )
TV placements
Alias
This Time Tomorrow
Bones
Keep Me Young
Grey 's Anatomy
Your Side Now
Ghost Whisperer
Inside These Lines
Nashville
Do n't Put Dirt on My Grave Just Yet
Acting The Part
Ammunition
Undermine
Shine
One Tree Hill
Until You Won Me Over
Inside These Lines
Odds Of Being Alone
Look Back On
Same Way Twice
This Time Tomorrow
Take It All In
Follow Suit
Off We Go
Hawaii Five-0
Leave To See
Life Unexpected
Odds Of Being Alone
World Of Jenks
Odds Of Being Alone
The Chase
Call It What It Is
The Vampire Diaries
Counting Sleep
Last Kiss
Means to an End
Losing Ground
Wrap My Mind Around You
The Mountain
Yesterdays Apology
The OC
Love Goes
October Road
It 's Not Like That
What 's Golden Above Ground
The Hills
What 's Golden Above Ground
Pretty Little Liars
Better Off Now
Counting Sleep
Stay By Me
Follow Suit
Turn Our Eyes Away
This Time Tomorrow
Where Fear Runs Through
Private Practice
This Time Tomorrow
So You Think You Can Dance
Inside These Lines
Parenthood
Odds of Being Alone
Flashpoint
Come To Life
NCIS
Better Off Now
Drop Dead Diva
I 'm Not OK ( cover version )
The Arrow
Vertigo
Mistresses
I 'm not OK
Music videos
References
Biography
Ten Out of Tenn
Trent Dabbs – Official website
External links
TrentDabbs.com – Official website
Biography – By Trent Dabbs
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American male singer-songwriters
Singer-songwriters from Mississippi
Singers from Nashville , Tennessee
Musicians from Jackson , Mississippi
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
Paglaki Ko , Gusto Kong Maging Pornstar ( ) is a 2021 Philippine comedy drama film starring Alma Moreno , Rosanna Roces , Ara Mina and Maui Taylor . The film was written and directed by Darryl Yap and edited by Vincent Asis . It premiered on January 29 , 2021 through Vivamax .
This is the second film written and directed by Darryl Yap for Viva Films , after their feature-length debut # Jowable ( 2019 ) became a success .
Plot
A group of former porn stars gathered to teach aspiring teen actor to be a porn star and will receive cash each if the actor will be launched .
Cast
Alma Moreno as Alma
Rosanna Roces as Osang
Ara Mina as Ara
Maui Taylor as Maui
AJ Raval as Twinkle
Ana Jalandoni as Agatha
Rose Van Ginkel as Sofia
Kianna Milla as young Twinkle
Billy Jake Cortez
Loren Mariñas
Clifford Pusing
Henry Villanueva
Production and release
Yap said that they started to shoot in early August and they also added that film scenes were taken in Subic and Olongapo for two weeks while implementing the Modified Enhanced Community Quarantine in the National Capital Region because of the COVID-19 pandemic . The film was premiered on January 29 , 2021 on Vivamax . This will serve as Daryl Yap 's second movie project on Viva Films .
The Movie and Television Review and Classification Board ( MTRCB ) gave a rating of X , the first film to be issued the said rating since the controversial 2006 film To Live for the Masses , meaning this film is prohibited to be shown to the general public .
Sequel
A sequel titled Pornstar 2 : Pangalawang Putok has been announced and was released on December 3 , 2021 on Vivamax .
References
2021 films
Philippine comedy-drama films
2021 comedy-drama films
Neoclarkinella is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There are about seven described species in Neoclarkinella .
Species
These seven species belong to the genus Neoclarkinella :
Neoclarkinella ariadne ( Nixon , 1965 ) ( China , India , Sri Lanka )
Neoclarkinella curvinervus ( Song & Chen , 2014 ) ( China )
Neoclarkinella janakikkadensis Veena , 2014 ( India )
Neoclarkinella narendrani Veena , 2014 ( India )
Neoclarkinella punctata Ahmad , Pandey , Haider & Shujauddin , 2005 ( India )
Neoclarkinella sundana ( Wilkinson , 1930 ) ( Indonesia )
Neoclarkinella vitellinipes ( You & Zhou , 1990 ) ( China , India )
References
Microgastrinae
Kyler John Phillips ( born June 12 , 1995 ) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Background
At the age of 3 , Phillip 's father took them to the Gracie Academy out of Torrance , California , where they developed a lifelong love for it . At the age of 12 , Phillips took part in pankration fights and had their first MMA fight at the age of 16 . Phillips also wrestled at Temecula Valley High School . They are a Carlson Gracie BJJ Brown belt , and a Nikidokai black/red belt under grandmaster Hanshi Nico . Among some other accomplishments of Phillips are IBJJF jiu-jitsu world champion blue belt ( 2012 ) , California State judo champion ( 2010 ) , and California Southern Section CIF wrestling champion at 138 lbs ( 2013 ) .
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
After a 4–0 record on the regional scene , including an impressive win at LFA 13 against Jonathan Quiroz , was invited to first season of Dana White 's Contender Series 4 in 2017 , when they only needed 46 seconds to stop James Gray Jr . While not being offered a contract to the UFC , they were brought in to compete on The Ultimate Fighter : Undefeated .
On the show they lost a majority decision to eventual season winner Brad Katona . Then came their first official pro defeat , a split decision to Victor Henry in a 2018 bout before a head kick knockout of Emeka Ifekandu in 2019 earned them their call to the Octagon .
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Phillips made their UFC debut against Gabriel Silva on February 29 , 2020 , at UFC Fight Night : Benavidez vs. Figueiredo . They won the bout in dominant fashion via unanimous decision . This win earned them the Fight of the Night bonus .
Phillips faced Cameron Else on October 4 , 2020 , at UFC on ESPN : Holm vs. Aldana . They won the bout via stoppage due to elbows on the ground in the second round . This win earned them the Performance of the Night bonus .
Phillips faced Yadong Song on March 6 , 2021 , at UFC 259 . They won the bout via unanimous decision .
Phillips was scheduled to face Raphael Assunção on July 24 , 2021 , at UFC on ESPN : Sandhagen vs. Dillashaw . However , Assunção suffered a biceps injury in late June and was replaced by Raulian Paiva . Phillips lost the fight via majority decision . This fight earned them the Fight of the Night award .
Phillips faced Marcelo Rojo on February 12 , 2022 , at UFC 271 . They won the fight via triangle armbar submission in round three .
Phillips was scheduled to face Jack Shore on November 19 , 2022 at UFC Fight Night 215 . However , Shore pulled out of the fight due to a knee injury .
Championships and achievements
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Performance of the Night ( One time )
Fight of the Night ( Two times )
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–2
|Marcelo Rojo
|Submission ( triangle armbar )
|UFC 271
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|1:48
|Houston , Texas , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|9–2
|Raulian Paiva
|Decision ( majority )
|UFC on ESPN : Sandhagen vs. Dillashaw
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
| .
|-
|Win
|align=center|9–1
|Song Yadong
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC 259
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8–1
|Cameron Else
|TKO ( elbows )
|UFC on ESPN : Holm vs. Aldana
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|0:44
|Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|7–1
|Gabriel Silva
|Decision ( unanimous )
|UFC Fight Night : Benavidez vs. Figueiredo
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Norfolk , Virginia , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6–1
|Emeka Ifekandu
|KO ( head kick )
|LFA 59
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:30
|Phoenix , Arizona , United States
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 5–1
|Victor Henry
|Decision ( split )
|CXF 15 : Rage in the Cage
|
|align=Center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Burbank , California , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|5–0
|James Gray
|TKO ( elbows and punches )
|Dana White 's Contender Series 4
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:46
|Las Vegas , Nevada , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4–0
|Jonathan Quiroz
|Decision ( unanimous )
|LFA 13
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Burbank , California , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3–0
|George Garcia
|TKO ( punches )
|CXF 5 : Night of Champions
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:55
|Studio City , California , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2–0
|PJ Ste-Marie
|Submission ( calf slicer )
|CXF 4 : Fighting for Liam
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|4:37
|Studio City , California , United States
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1–0
|Taylor Alfaro
|TKO ( punches )
|CXF 1 : The Return
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:30
|Studio City , California , United States
|
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
Bantamweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing pankration
Mixed martial artists utilizing wrestling
Mixed martial artists utilizing judo
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
1995 births
American male mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
American male judoka
American male sport wrestlers
Amateur wrestlers
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
A dreidel , also dreidle or dreidl ( ; , plural : dreydlech ; ) is a four-sided spinning top , played during the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah . The dreidel is a Jewish variant on the teetotum , a gambling toy found in many European cultures .
Each side of the dreidel bears a letter of the Hebrew alphabet :
( nun ) ,
( gimel ) ,
( hei ) ,
( shin ) .
These letters are represented in Yiddish as a mnemonic for the rules of a gambling game derived from teetotum played with a dreidel : nun stands for the word ( nisht , `` not '' , meaning `` nothing '' ) , gimel for ( gants , `` entire , whole '' ) , hei for ( halb , `` half '' ) , and shin for ( shtel arayn , `` put in '' ) . However , according to folk etymology , they represent the Hebrew phrase ( nes gadól hayá sham , `` a great miracle happened there '' ) , referring to the miracle of the cruse of oil . For this reason , most dreidels in Israel replace the letter shin with a letter
( pe ) ,
to represent the phrase ( nes gadól hayá po , `` a great miracle happened here '' ) ; however , many Haredi communities insist that the letter shin should be used in the Holy Land as well , because the reference to `` there '' means in the Holy Temple and not in the Land .
While not mandated ( a mitzvah ) for Hanukkah ( the only traditional are lighting candles and saying the full hallel ) , spinning the dreidel is a traditional game played during the holiday .
Astronaut Jeffrey A. Hoffman spun a dreidel made by Israeli silversmith Gideon Hay for an hour in outer space .
Origins
The dreidel developed from an Irish or English top introduced into Germany known as a , which was popular around Christmas time and dates back to ancient Greek and Roman times .
The teetotum was inscribed with letters denoting the Latin words for `` nothing '' , `` everything '' , `` half '' , and `` put in '' . In German this came to be called a , with German letters for the same concepts . Adapted to the Hebrew alphabet when Jews adopted the game , these letters were replaced by nun which stands for the Yiddish word ( nisht , `` not '' , meaning `` nothing '' ) , gimel for ( gants , `` entire , whole '' ) , hei for ( halb , `` half '' ) , and shin for ( shtel arayn , `` put in '' ) . The letters served as a means to recalling the rules of the game .
This theory states that when the game spread to Jewish communities unfamiliar with Yiddish , the denotations of the Hebrew letters were not understood . As a result , there arose Jewish traditions to explain their assumed meaning . However , in Judaism there are often multiple explanations developed for words . A popular conjecture had it that the letters abbreviated the words ( nes gadól hayá sham , `` a great miracle happened there '' ) , an idea that became attached to dreidels when the game entered into Hanukkah festivities .
According to a tradition first documented in 1890 , the game was developed by Jews who illegally studied the Torah in seclusion as they hid , sometimes in caves , from the Seleucids under Antiochus IV . At the first sign of Seleucids approaching , their Torah scrolls would be concealed and be replaced by dreidels . The variant names ( destiny ) and ( a little throw ) were also current in Yiddish until the Holocaust . In the wake of Zionism , the dreidel was renamed in modern Israel and the letters were altered , with shin generally replaced by pe . This yields the reading ( nes gadól hayá po , `` a great miracle happened here '' ) .
Etymology
The Yiddish word comes from the word ( `` to turn '' , compare to , meaning the same in German ) . The Hebrew word comes from the Semitic root ( `` to turn '' ) and was invented by Itamar Ben-Avi ( the son of Eliezer Ben-Yehuda ) when they were five years old . Hayyim Nahman Bialik used a different word , kirkar ( from the root – `` to spin '' ) , in their poems , but it was not adopted into spoken Hebrew .
In the lexicon of Ashkenazi Jews from Udmurtia and Tatarstan the local historian A. V. Altyntsev utilised several other appellations of a dreidel , such as volchok , khanuke-volchok , fargl , varfl , dzihe and zabavke .
Symbolism
Some rabbis ascribe symbolic significance to the markings on the dreidel . One commentary , for example , connects the four letters with the four nations to which the House of Judah was historically subject—Babylonia , Persia , the Seleucid Empire and Rome . A gematria reading yields the number 358 , identical to the value of the four letters used to spell `` Moshiach '' ( Messiah ) .
Rules of the game
Each player begins with an equal number of game pieces ( usually 10–15 ) . The game pieces can be any object , such as chocolate gelt , pennies , raisins , etc .
To start the game , every participant puts one game piece into the center `` pot '' . Every player also puts one piece into the pot when the pot is empty or there is only one game piece in the pot .
Each player spins the dreidel once during their turn . Depending on which side is facing up when it stops spinning , the player whose turn it is gives or takes game pieces from the pot :
If ( nun ) is facing up , the player does nothing .
If ( gimel ) is facing up , the player gets everything in the pot .
If ( hei ) is facing up , the player gets half of the pieces in the pot . If there are an odd number of pieces in the pot , the player takes half the pot rounded up to the nearest whole number .
If ( shin ) or ( pe ) is facing up , the player adds one of their game pieces to the pot ( sometimes accompanied by the chant `` shin , shin , put one in '' ) . In some game versions a shin results in adding three game pieces to the pot , one for each stem of the letter shin ( ) .
If the player is out of pieces , they are either `` out '' or may ask another player for a `` loan '' .
These rules are comparable to the rules for a classic four-sided teetotum , where the letters A , D , N and T form a mnemonic for the rules of the game , ( take ) , ( put ) , ( nothing ) , and ( all ) . Similarly , the Hebrew letters on a dreidel may be taken as a mnemonic for the game rules in Yiddish . Occasionally , in the United States , the Hebrew letters on the dreidel form an English-language mnemonic about the rules : hei or `` H '' for `` half '' ; gimel or `` G '' for `` get all '' ; nun or `` N '' for `` nothing '' ; and shin or `` S '' for `` share '' .
Analysis
Thomas Robinson and Sujith Vijay have shown that the expected number of spins in a game of dreidel is O ( n2 ) , where n is the number of game pieces each player begins with . The implied constant depends on the number of players .
Robert Feinerman has shown that the game of dreidel is `` unfair '' , in that the first player to spin has a better expected outcome than the second player , and the second better than the third , and so on .
Collections
Childhood enjoyment of dreidels has led to a growing interest in collecting them in adulthood . Jewish institutions such as the Spertus Institute for Jewish Learning and Leadership , Yeshiva University Museum and Temple Emanu-El in New York , house dreidel collections , as do museums such as the Spinning Top and Yo-Yo Museum in Burlington , Wisconsin .
Antique dreidels are of increasing value and interest : different styles of dreidels are to be found across the world . Exemplars include dreidels fashioned in wood , silver , brass and lead . One particularly rare dreidel is cast from an ivory original by Moshe Murro from the Bezalel Academy in Jerusalem in 1929 . Rare collectible dreidels from Cochin are made from iron ; they are black in colour decorated with silver markings , made by an intricate Bidriware style process .
The Guinness World Record for Most Valuable Dreidel was achieved by Estate Diamond Jewelry in November 2019 and was valued at $ 70,000 . The design of Estate Diamond Jewelry 's dreidel was inspired by the Chrysler Building in New York . Previous holders of the title were Chabad of South Palm Beach with a dreidel valued at $ 14,000 .
Tournaments
Dreidel is now a spoof competitive sport in North America . Major League Dreidel ( MLD ) , founded in New York City in 2007 , hosts dreidel tournaments during the holiday of Hanukkah . In MLD tournaments the player with the longest time of spin ( TOS ) is the winner . MLD is played on a Spinagogue , the official spinning stadium of Major League Dreidel . Pamskee was the 2007 MLD Champion . Virtual Dreidel was the 2008 MLD Champion . In 2009 , Major League Dreidel launched a game version of the Spinagogue .
In 2009 , Good Morning America published a story on Dreidel Renaissance reporting on the rising popularity of the dreidel . Dreidel games that have come out on the market since 2007 include No Limit Texas Dreidel , a cross between traditional dreidel and Texas Hold'em poker , invented by a Judaica company called ModernTribe . Other new dreidel games include Staccabees and Maccabees .
See also
I Have a Little Dreidel ( The Dreidel Song )
Hanukkah music
Hanukkah gelt
Jewish ceremonial art
Notes
References
External links
Dreidel Wizard
The Origin of the Dreidel
Computer program that plays the dreidel game ( with full Java source code )
Dreidel Design
Types of Dreidels
A Dreidel collection ( part of world 's largest collection of dice )
Gambling games
Hanukkah traditions
Israeli games
Israeli inventions
Tops
Traditional toys
Wooden toys
Yiddish words and phrases
he : סביבון # סביבון חנוכה
Chvalkovice may refer to places in the Czech Republic :
Chvalkovice ( Náchod District ) , a municipality and village in the Hradec Králové Region
Chvalkovice ( Vyškov District ) , a municipality and village in the South Moravian Region
Chvalkovice , a village and part of Dešná ( Jindřichův Hradec District ) in the South Bohemian Region
Chvalkovice na Hané , a village and part of Ivanovice na Hané in the South Moravian Region
Valeri Tsyganov ( born 14 October 1956 ) is a Soviet former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics .
External links
sports-reference.com
1956 births
Living people
Soviet male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the Soviet Union
Alpine skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
People from Monchegorsk
Sportspeople from Murmansk Oblast
is a railway station in Iwakuni , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) and Nishikigawa Railway .
Lines
Kawanishi Station is served by the Gantoku Line and the Nishikigawa Seiryū Line .
Surroundings
Kintai Bridge
Birthplace of the Chiyo Uno
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
|-
! colspan=5|Nishikigawa Railway
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1960
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Donald Lipski ( born May 21 , 1947 ) is an American sculptor best known for their installation work and large-scale public works .
Early life and education
Donald Lipski was born in Chicago , Illinois in 1947 . They were raised in the northern suburb of Highland Park , the son and grandson of bicycle dealers . Although their first welded sculptures as a teen won them The Scholastic Art Award in high school , they were a history major and anti-war activist at the University of Wisconsin–Madison , earning a B.A . in American History in 1970 . In Madison , Lipski discovered ceramics while working with well-known ceramics artist Don Reitz . They then pursued an MFA in ceramics from Cranbrook Academy of Art in 1973 , where they studied with Richard DeVore and Michael Hall . Lipski taught at the University of Oklahoma from 1973 to 1977 , when they moved to New York .
Art career
Lipski attained growing recognition with their early installation Gathering Dust , which comprised thousands of tiny sculptures pinned to the wall , first at New York gallery Artists Space in 1978 , and soon after in Museum of Modern Art as part of the Project series . In 1978 they won the first of three National Endowment for the Arts grants , followed by a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1988 , an award from the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 1993 , and the Rome Prize of The American Academy in Rome in 2000 . They are permanently conserved in the New York Metropolitan Museum of Art , the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington , D.C. , The Art Institute of Chicago , and dozens of other museums .
Lipski 's installation works continued in the 1990s with The Bells , at the Contemporary Arts Center in Cincinnati , The Starry Night , at Capp Street Project , San Francisco , Pieces of String Too Short to Save , in the Grand Lobby of The Brooklyn Museum , NY ) , and The Cauldron at the Parrish Art Museum , Southampton , New York .
In recent years , Lipski has focused their efforts on creating large-scale works for public spaces . Some of their most recognizable works include The Yearling , outside the Denver Public Library ( originally exhibited by The Public Art Fund at Doris Freedman Plaza , Central Park , New York , 1997 ) , Sirshasana , hanging in the Grand Central Market , Grand Central Terminal in New York City , and F.I.S.H . at the San Antonio River Walk , in Texas . There are twenty others across the U.S .
In 2012 , Lipski was living and working in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . They are represented by Galerie Lelong in New York .
Public collections
Asian American Art Center , New York
Brooklyn Museum , New York , New York
Chicago Art Institute
Cincinnati Art Museum
Corcoran Gallery of Art , Washington , D.C .
Dayton Art Institute , Dayton , Ohio
Denver Art Museum , Denver , Colorado
Denver Public Library , Denver , Colorado
Detroit Institute of Art , Detroit , Michigan
Indianapolis Museum of Art , Indianapolis , Indiana
Jewish Museum , New York , New York
Kansas City Public Library 's Plaza Branch , Kansas City , Missouri
Landmarks ( University of Texas at Austin ) , Austin , Texas
Laumeier Sculpture Park , St. Louis , Missouri
Miami Art Museum
Menil Collection , Houston , Texas
Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York , New York
Minneapolis Museum of Fine Art , Minneapolis , Minnesota
Museum of Contemporary Art , Chicago
Museum of Contemporary Art , Los Angeles
Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , Massachusetts
Museum of Fine Arts , Houston , Texas
Museum of Modern Art , Miami
New Orleans Museum of Art , New Orleans , Louisiana
North Carolina Museum of Art , Raleigh
Raymond Nasher Sculpture Collection , Dallas , Texas
Panza Collection , Italy
Phoenix Museum of Art , Phoenix , Arizona
Museum of Contemporary Art , San Diego , California
Walker Art Center , Minneapolis , Minnesota
Whitney Museum of American Art , New York , New York
Witherspoon Museum of Art , Greensboro , NC
Yale University Art Gallery
Bibliography
Donald Lipski , retrospective catalogue , The Bawag Foundation , Vienna , 1999-2000 ( text David Levy Strauss ) .
Arnason , H.H . History of Modern Art . 3rd ed . New York : Harry N. Abrams Inc , 1986 .
Bellamy , Peter . The Artist Projects . New York : IN Publishing , 1991 .
Heartney , Eleanor , et al . The Refco Collection . Chicago : Refco Group Ltd , 1990 .
Pradel , Jean Louis , ed . World Art Trends 1983/84 . New York : Harry N. Abrams Inc , 1984 .
King , Elain . `` Donald Lipski '' in Artists Observed . Edited by Harvey Sten . New York : Harry N. Abrams Inc , 1986 , pp . 38–39 .
Fleischman , Stephen , and Terrie Sultan . Donald Lipski : A Brief History of Twine . Madison , WI : Madison Art Center , 2000 .
Richer , Francesca and Matthew Rosenzweig eds . No . 1 : First Works by 362 Artists . New York : Distributed Art Publishers , 2005 .
Bloodworth , Sandra and William Ayres . Along the Way . New York : The Monacelli Press , 2006 .
Further reading
Freedman Gallery , Albright College . Donald Lipski : Poetic Sculpture . Reading , PA , 1990 . Text by David S. Rubin .
Hillwood Art Gallery , Long Island University . Broken Wings : Donald Lipski at Grumman . Brookville , NY , 1987 . Text by Judy Collischan Van Wagner .
Kaufman , Leslie . `` Appreciating the Physical World : A Conversation with Donald Lipski . '' Sculpture , 26 , ( November 2007 ) : 28–35 .
Kuspit , Donald . Donald Lipski : Building Steam . New York : Germans Van Eck Gallery , 1985 .
Princenthal , Nancy . `` Reweaving Old Glory . '' Art in America , 79 , ( May 1991 ) : 136–41 , 182 .
Saunders , Wade . `` Talking Objects : Interviews with Ten Younger Sculptors . '' Art in America , 73 , ( November 1985 ) : 110–37 .
Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art . Donald Lipski : Oral History . Winston-Salem , NC , 1994 .
Yau , John . Donald Lipski : Who 's Afraid of Red , White , and Blue ? Philadelphia : Fabric Workshop , 1991 .
Riley , Jan. Donald Lipski : The Bells . Contemporary Art Center , Cincinnati , Ohio , 1991 .
Public commissions
References
1947 births
Living people
20th-century American Jews
American male sculptors
Jewish sculptors
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American male artists
21st-century American sculptors
21st-century American male artists
Sculptors from Illinois
Artists from Chicago
People from Highland Park , Illinois
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
Cranbrook Academy of Art alumni
University of Oklahoma faculty
21st-century American Jews
Ile District may refer to :
Ile District , Kazakhstan
Ile District , Mozambique
Buru Regency is a regency of Maluku province , Indonesia . When it was first created , the regency encompassed the entire island ( plus outlying islands , of which Amalau is the largest ) ; but on 24 June 2008 the southern 40 % of the island was split off to form a separate Buru Selatan ( South Buru ) Regency . The residual Buru Regency comprises the northern 60 % of the island of Buru and covers an area of 7,595.58 km2 . The population at the 2010 census was 108,445 and at the 2020 census this had increased to 135,238 . The principal town lies at Namlea .
Administrative Districts
At the time of the 2010 census the Buru Regency was divided into five districts ( kecamatan ) , but subsequently this has been increased to ten districts by the splitting of the existing districts . The ten districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 census and the 2020 census . The table also includes the location of the district headquarters , the number of administrative villages ( rural desa and urban kelurahan ) in each district , and its postal codes .
Notes : ( a ) including the offshore islands of Pulau Nirwana Besar and Pulau Nirwana Kecil . ( b ) including the offshore island of Pulau Batukapal . ( c ) the 2010 populations of these new districts are included in the figures for the districts from which they were split away .
References
Regencies of Maluku ( province )
Login allows access to a computer system through providing private credentials , such as a username and a password .
Login may also refer to :
People
John Spencer Login ( 1809–1863 ) , a Scottish surgeon in British India
Lena Login ( born Lena Campbell , 1820–1904 ) , a Scottish author and wife of John Spencer
Samo and Iza Login , founders of Outfit7
Thomas Login ( 1823–1874 ) , a Scottish civil engineer
Login Geiden ( Lodewijk van Heiden , 1772–1850 ) , a Dutch admiral
Other uses
Login , Carmarthenshire , a hamlet in Wales
Login Halt railway station on the Whitland and Cardigan Railway
Login ( film ) , a 2012 Hindi film
; login : , a technical journal
See also
Lockin ( disambiguation )
Log ( disambiguation )
Log file , a file that records events in an operating system
Logging , the cutting and processing of trees
Loggins , a surname
Sam Loggin ( born 1977 ) , English actor
First Message is the debut album from Japanese singer , Ayaka .
Background
After a year of releasing singles and music videos , the album was originally for an early September release but was pushed back to allow Ayaka 's single , Mikazuki , to correspond with the album release . It entered the Oricon charts at number one . The album has also been released on iTunes in Japan and other countries , including the United States .
Commercial performance
The album debuted at # 1 on Oricon with sales of approximately 351,000 copies . This is also the highest debut sales for a female artist since Mika Nakashima 's debut album , True , released nearly four years prior . By the end of 2006 , the album had sold 711,299 copies and was the # 13 highest selling album of the year . As of June 20 , 2007 , the album has sold another 337,883 units . Its total stands at 1,194,777 units sold since its release . It is expected for the album to rank in the top 30 yearly charts again in 2007 , due to more than 300,000 copies in sales .
Them debut album re-entered the charts at # 148 in 2009 , and it peaked at # 72 on 15 April 2009 Weekly Chart .
Track listing
Charts
Oricon Sales Chart ( Japan )
References
2006 albums
Ayaka albums
Warner Music Japan albums
Hande Erçel ( born 24 November 1993 ) is a Turkish actor .
Career
Hande Erçel starred in the series Aşk Laftan Anlamaz ( 2016–2017 ) as Hayat Uzun , opposite Burak Deniz . The show gained their and Deniz wide popularity in South Asia especially in the Middle East . They also played the role of Hazal in Siyah İnci on Star TV . They then landed the role of Müjde in Halka on TRT 1 . Them performances include the role of Azize Günay in Azize , broadcast on Kanal D , opposite Buğra Gülsoy . In 2020 , Erçel was cast in a leading role in Sen Çal Kapımı together with Kerem Bürsin , which opened with high ratings in Turkey . It was also sold to more than 57 countries , with Spain becoming the first country in the world besides Turkey to air the series .
Filmography
Film
Television
Music video
Awards
References
External links
Living people
Turkish television actores
Turkish female models
1993 births
People from Balıkesir
Eddie Futch ( August 9 , 1911 – October 10 , 2001 ) was an American boxing trainer . Among the fighters they trained are Joe Frazier , Ken Norton , Larry Holmes , and Trevor Berbick , four of the five men to defeat Muhammad Ali . Futch also trained Riddick Bowe and Montell Griffin when they handed future Hall of Fame fighters Evander Holyfield and Roy Jones Jr. their first professional defeats . In Baltimore , Maryland , the Futch Gym boxing gymnasium is named after the trainer . They also trained Ireland 's first ever WBC World Champion , Wayne McCullough . Eddie Futch was married to Eva Marlene Futch from March 21 , 1996 until their death . Futch often called them `` The love of their life . ''
Youth and amateur career
Futch was born in Hillsboro , Mississippi , but moved with their family to Detroit , Michigan when they were five years old . They lived in the Black Bottom section of the town . Always a talented athlete , they started off as a track man ( athletics ) in grammar school and when a teenager , played semi-professional basketball with the Moreland YMCA Flashes . They planned to attend the YMCA College School at the University of Chicago , but when the Great Depression happened , they were forced to continue their job at the Wolverine Hotel to support their family . Here is where they trained promoter and trainer Don Arnott .
In 1932 , Futch won the Detroit Athletic Association Lightweight Championship , and in 1935 , they won the Detroit Golden Gloves Championship . They trained at the same gym as Joe Louis , the Brewster Recreation Center Gym , and often sparred with the future champion . A heart murmur prevented Futch from turning professional , and they began training boxers .
Hall of Fame trainer
Eddie Futch was an outstanding trainer . They prepared fighters to perform at the highest levels of the sport for several decades . Champions who worked under Futch 's tutelage include Joe Frazier , Larry Holmes , Riddick Bowe , Michael Spinks , Alexis Arguello , Marlon Starling , Wayne McCullough , Montell Griffin , and their first world champion fighter , Don Jordan , who was crowned world welterweight champion in 1958 .
Training Joe Frazier
Eddie Futch was first hired by Frazier , and their chief cornerman and manager Yank Durham to help them prepare for a fight with `` Scrap Iron '' Johnson in 1967 . They trained Frazier to stay low and constantly bob and weave , in order to create a sense of persistent motion and pressure . This also took advantage of Frazier 's lack of size to make them an elusive target . It was unique fighting style that enabled them to get inside where their punches could reach their opponents without taking as much punishment as boxing with a more conventional fighting style would .
The tactic proved to be highly effective , and Frazier remained undefeated , winning the New York title from Buster Mathis , and WBA crown from Jimmy Ellis with devastating knockouts . All of which led to the inevitable showdown with Muhammad Ali in the bout promoters deemed `` The Fight of the Century '' which took place in March 1971 at New York 's Madison Square Garden .
Training Ken Norton to fight Ali
Norton recalls in their autobiography that Futch 's master plan for their first Ali fight was for Ken to try to out-jab Ali . Although a pressure fighter , Norton had a good jab . Futch reckoned this would play mind games with Ali , who was so proud of their own jab . The plan seemed to work .
Fight of the century
Futch developed a strategy for the first Ali fight by analysing the opponent 's boxing style . Futch noted that Ali often leaned their head away from punches . Ali could not do that with their body , so the boxing proverb 'kill the body and the head dies ' became the plan - Futch told Frazier to wear down Ali with persistent body punches . Futch also believed that Frazier 's constant bobbing and weaving would make Ali uncomfortable because they would often have to punch down at Frazier 's head ( Ali almost never threw body punches ) , which was something they were not used to doing . Finally , Futch noticed that Ali 's uppercuts were thrown sloppily and technically incorrectly ( Futch said Ali threw what they thought were uppercuts ) . They instructed Frazier to throw a left hook over the top of Ali 's right uppercuts , and told their fighter to beat Ali to the punch when doing so . When an exhausted Ali opened the 15th round by throwing a half-hearted uppercut , Frazier feinted a left and then unleashed a huge sweeping left hook at Ali 's head , which floored them and created one of the most famous knock-downs in boxing history .
Frazier won the fight by a unanimous decision and was recognized as the undefeated , undisputed heavyweight boxing champion of the world .
Manila
Four and a half years after the Fight of the Century , Frazier and Ali met for a third and final time in a fight known as the `` Thrilla in Manila '' in September 1975 . Futch served as Frazier 's manager and chief second for the fight , having inherited those duties from Durham who died from a stroke shortly after Frazier 's defeat by George Foreman in 1973 .
Futch 's chief concern for the fight was that Ali not be allowed to repeat the illegal tactic of holding Frazier behind the neck , as Ali had in their 1974 second fight . This had created extended clinches that kept Frazier from throwing punches and allowed Ali to rest . Ali had won the fight with a 12th-round decision . Futch claimed that Ali had held Frazier illegally 133 times in that fight without being penalized . They had also done it against Foreman in their defeat of them in Zaire . Sensing trouble , Futch vetoed as referee ( Ali-Foreman ref ) Zach Clayton and two others suggested by Ali 's promoter , Don King . They told Filipino authorities that Ali intended to ruin what was to be a great event for their nation by constantly tying up Frazier illegally , and suggested that they assign one of their countrymen as referee . This resulted in the appointment of Filipino Carlos Padilla , who sternly warned Ali on multiple occasions throughout the bout that they would be penalized , thus preventing them from doing it as often or effectively as they might have wished .
Futch wanted Frazier to bait Ali into throwing the uppercut again , but Ali did not do this during the fight . Futch thought the key would be for Frazier to constantly attack Ali 's body , including punches to the hips when Ali effectively covered up their torso along the ropes . They told Frazier to be patient and deliberate in their attack , and to concentrate mostly on the body when Ali went into their rope-a-dope strategy so that they would not exhaust themselves as Foreman had done . This proved to be effective to some extent , as it gave Ali hematomas on both hips . However , Ali 's strategy of punching Frazier in the head ultimately proved more effective as it closed their one sighted eye , rendering them nearly blind in the ring .
Following the conclusion of the 14th round , during which Frazier had been repeatedly hit , Futch asked Padilla to stop . Frazier became bitter at Futch for their decision , as Ali was exhausted and , by their own admission , at the point of quitting . Futch , however , never expressed any regret over their decision .
References
1911 births
2001 deaths
People from Scott County , Mississippi
Boxers from Mississippi
American boxing trainers
Sportspeople from Detroit
Boxers from Detroit
American male boxers
One human poll comprised the 1943 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) football rankings . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll . The Coaches ' Poll began operation in 1950 ; in addition , the AP Poll did not begin conducting preseason polls until that same year .
Legend
AP Poll
The final AP Poll was released on November 29 , at the end of the 1943 regular season , weeks before the major bowls . The AP would not release a post-bowl season final poll regularly until 1968 .
References
College football rankings
President Mason may refer to :
Politicians
Sandra Mason ( born 1949 ) , first President of Barbados
Businesspeople
Harvey Mason Jr. , president of the Recording Academy
John Mason ( business person ) , second President of Chemical Bank
Raymond A. Mason , president of Legg Mason
Educators
Max Mason , president of the University of Chicago and the Rockefeller Foundation
Tisa Mason , president of Fort Hays State University
The Ulan-Ude Ethnographic Museum is an outdoor museum , located in the village Upper Berezovka , eight kilometres northeast of Ulan-Ude , Buryatia .
Overview
The museum opened on July 6 , 1973 , and is one of the largest open air museums in Russia , covering an area of 37 hectares . The museum has collected more than 40 architectural monuments and the museums collection exceeds 11,000 exhibits . One of the first pieces in the museum 's collection was Nikolsk Church from the town of Nikolsk .
The territory of the museum is divided into seven complexes ; the Archaeological Complex , which consists of a private pavilion and open area , the Evenkijskij complex , the Buryat Complex which consists of the gers ( such as wood and felt ) , and Buddhist construction etc. , the Cis-Baikal Complex , which contains a Buryat Cossack house , transferred to the museum in 1975 , the Zabaikalsky complex which contains a barn and an old complex with peasant tools and barn .
Exhibits
The Ulan-Ude Ethnographic Museum is one of the largest open air museums in Russia . The museum covers an area of 37 hectares and has more than 40 buildings and more than 11,000 objects . The museum is divided into several complexes
Archaeological complex
The archeological complex consists of a private pavilion and an open area . In the open area there are stone graves , stone pillars , guard stones , etc . The first burial site was discovered in 1896 in the Kyakhtinsky area . In the Middle Ages , graves were flat round stones . The private pavilion has objects from the Lower Ivolginsk settlement .
Evenkiyskiy Complex
The Evenkiyskiy Complex has tents , a barn and Evenki everyday objects .
Buryat Complex
The Buryat Complex has gers ( wood and animal skin ) and a Buddhist temple ( Dugan ) .
In the first half of the 19th century , Buryat temples had many domed roofs . In the second half of the 19th century , a new type of temple appeared which was substantially different from earlier temples . An example is Dugan `` Devadzhin '' which was taken from Gusinoozyorsk Datsan . In 1926 the temple was rebuilt - the outer appearance of the temple did not change but the area around the temple increased . The temple was predominantly painted yellow because yellow is sacred in Tibetan Buddhism . Inside the temple is a `` Tunshi '' panel showing an Indian story about four animals arguing about how to get fruit from a tall tree .
Baikal Complex
Tha Baikal Complex has a winter house of a wealthy Buryat Cossack SB Safronov . The winter house was built in Horety ( now Nukutsky district of the Irkutsk region . It was transferred to the museum in 1975 .
References
Museums established in 1973
Museums in Buryatia
Ethnographic museums in Russia
Ulan-Ude
Buryat culture
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Buryatia
The Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of the Ecuadorian Amazon ( ) or CONFENIAE is the regional organization of indigenous peoples in the Ecuadorian Amazon or Oriente region . Nine indigenous peoples present in the region — Quichua , Shuar , Achuar , Huaorani , Siona , Secoya , Shiwiar , Záparo and Cofán — are represented politically by the Confederation . CONFENIAE is one of three major regional groupings that constitute the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador ( CONAIE ) . It is also part of the Amazon Basin indigenous organization , COICA .
The group 's president ( as of 2005 ) is Luis Vargas Canelo , an Achuar ; and its vice president is Nelson Calapucha , a Kichwa . Past leaders form an advisory council ( Consejo de Sabios ) for the Confederation .
In 2013 the politician Mónica Chuji became the Vice President .
References
External links
CONFENIAE homepage
Indigenous organisations in Ecuador
Musashigawa is an elder name in sumo , and may refer to :
Musashigawa stable
Musashigawa stable , a stable established in 2013
Fujishima stable ( 2010 ) , known as Musashigawa stable from 1981 until 2010
Musashigawa oyakata
Musashimaru Kōyō , known as Musashigawa oyakata from 2013
Mienoumi Tsuyoshi , known as Musashigawa oyakata from 1981 until 2013
Dewanohana Kuniichi , known as Musashigawa oyakata from 1940 until 1960 , and from 1968 until 1974
Candarave may refer to several places :
Candarave , a city in southern Peru
Candarave District , a district in the Candarave Province
Candarave Province , a province in the Tacna Region of Peru
York River can refer to :
Canada
York River ( Ontario )
York River ( Quebec )
United States
York River ( Maine )
York River ( Virginia )
Keylimepie is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There are at least four described species in Keylimepie .
Species
These four species belong to the genus Keylimepie :
Keylimepie hadhramautensis van Achterberg & Fernández-Triana , 2017 ( Yemen )
Keylimepie peckorum Fernández-Triana , 2016 ( Florida )
Keylimepie sanaaensis van Achterberg & Fernández-Triana , 2017 ( Yemen )
Keylimepie striatus ( Muesebeck , 1922 ) ( North America )
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
Do You Know What I 'm Going To Do Next Saturday ? is a 1963 children 's book published by Beginner Books and written by Helen Palmer Geisel , the first wife of Theodor Seuss Geisel ( Dr. Seuss ) . Unlike most of the Beginner Books , Do You Know What I 'm Going To Do Next Saturday ? did not follow the format of text with inline drawings , being illustrated with black-and-white photographs by Lynn Fayman , featuring a boy named Rawli Davis . It is sometimes misattributed to Dr. Seuss himself . The book 's cover features a photograph of a young boy sitting at a breakfast table with a huge pile of pancakes .
Activities mentioned in the book include bowling , water skiing , marching , boxing , and shooting guns with the United States Marines , and eating more spaghetti `` than anyone else has eaten before .
Helen Palmer 's photograph-based children 's books did not prove to be as popular as the more traditional text-and-illustrations format ; however , Do You Know What I 'm Going To Do Next Saturday received positive reviews and was listed by The New York Times as one of the best children 's books of 1963 . The book is currently out of print .
References
1963 children 's books
American picture books
Heaven on Earth is an album by American organist Larry Young recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label .
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars and stated `` Organist Larry Young , who really found their own sound back in 1965 with the classic Unity album , is deep in the funk on this later Blue Note album ... there are some explorative solos but the less imaginative funk rhythms lower the content of the music somewhat '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Larry Young except as indicated
`` The Infant '' - 6:00
`` The Cradle '' - 5:00
`` The Hereafter '' - 8:41
`` Heaven on Earth '' - 6:05
`` Call Me '' ( Tony Hatch ) - 7:26
`` My Funny Valentine '' ( Lorenz Hart , Richard Rodgers ) - 4:38
Recorded at Rudy Van Gelder Studio , Englewood Cliffs , New Jersey on February 9 , 1968
Personnel
Larry Young - organ
Byard Lancaster - alto saxophone , flute ( tracks 1 & 3-6 )
Herbert Morgan - tenor saxophone ( tracks 1 & 3-5 )
George Benson - guitar ( tracks 1 & 3-6 )
Eddie Gladden - drums
Althea Young - vocals ( track 6 )
References
Blue Note Records albums
Larry Young ( musician ) albums
1968 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Juan Vergara might refer to :
Juan Pablo Vergara ( 1985–2019 ) , Peruvian footballer
Juan de Vergara ( 1492–1557 ) , Spanish humanist
Juan José Gurruchaga Vergara ( born 1977 ) , Chilean actor
Mark Jefferson ( 1863-1949 ) was the chief cartographer of the American Delegation to the Paris Peace Conference in 1919 . They were also the head of the geography department at Michigan State Normal College ( MSNC ) , now Eastern Michigan University ( EMU ) , from 1901-1939 .
Jefferson received their bachelor 's degree from Boston University and their master 's degree from Harvard University . From 1883-1889 they worked at an astronomical observatory in Argentina . From 1890-1901 they were a high school teacher in Massachusetts . In addition to teaching at MSNC they also taught at the Harvard Summer School . Among Jefferson 's students were geographers
Isaiah Bowman and Charles C. Colby .
In 1916 Jefferson served as president of the American Association of Geographers .
A biography of Jefferson entitled Mark Jefferson : Geographer written by Geoffrey J. Martin was published by Eastern Michigan University Press in 1968 . EMU has a building named after Mark Jefferson .
Sources
CSISS article based on Jefferson 's work
Aurora ( MSNC yearbook ) 1918 .
Annals of the American Association of Geographers Vol . 39 , no . 4
1863 births
Boston University alumni
Harvard University alumni
Eastern Michigan University faculty
Harvard Summer School instructors
American geographers
1949 deaths
Presidents of the American Association of Geographers
The 2016 Campeonato Paulista de Futebol Profissional da Primeira Divisão - Série A1 was the 115th season of São Paulo 's top professional football league .
Format
In the first stage the twenty teams are drawn , with seeding , into four groups of five teams each , with each team playing once against the fifteen clubs from the other three groups . After each team has played fifteen matches , the top two teams of each group qualify for the quarter-final stage .
After the completion of the first stage , the six clubs with the lowest number of points , regardless of the group , will be relegated to the Campeonato Paulista Série A2 .
If the four clubs with the lowest number of points are from the same group , the best third-placed club from the other groups will qualify for the quarter-final stage .
Quarter-finals and semi-finals are played in a single match , with the best placed first stage team playing at home . The finals are played in a two-legged home and away fixture , with the best placed first stage team playing the second leg at home .
In case of a draw in any knockout stage , the match will be decided by a penalty shoot-out .
Tiebreakers
The teams are ranked according to points ( 3 points for a win , 1 point for a draw , 0 points for a loss ) . If two or more teams are equal on points on completion of the group matches , the following criteria are applied to determine the rankings :
Higher number of wins ;
Superior goal difference ;
Higher number of goals scored ;
Fewest red cards received ;
Fewest yellow cards received ;
Draw in the headquarters of the FPF .
Teams
Source : Futebol Paulista
First stage
Group winners and runners-up advance to the quarter-finals . Six bottom teams ( independent of group ) are relegated .
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Knockout stage
Bracket
Note : Semifinal bracket depend on general table : 1 vs 4 ; 2 vs 3
General table
Top scorers
Awards
Team of the year
Player of the Season
The Player of the Year was awarded to Lucas Lima .
Young Player of the Season
The Young Player of the Year was awarded to Tchê Tchê .
Countryside Best Player of the Season
The Countryside Best Player of the Year was awarded to Roger .
Top scorer of the Season
The top scorer of the season was Roger , who scored 11 goals .
References
External links
Campeonato Paulista seasons
São Paulo
Botond Antal ( born 22 August 1991 ) is a Hungarian football player who plays for Mezőkövesd .
Club career
On 18 June 2021 , Antal signed with Mezőkövesd .
Club statistics
Updated to games played as of 20 May 2021 .
References
External links
Profile at MLSZ
Profile at HLSZ
1991 births
Living people
Footballers from Budapest
Hungarian footballers
Hungary youth international footballers
Hungary under-21 international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Watford F.C . players
Kecskeméti TE players
Kaposvári Rákóczi FC players
Diósgyőri VTK players
Mezőkövesdi SE footballers
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in England
QuiteRSS is an open source cross-platform news aggregator for RSS and Atom news feeds . QuiteRSS is free software released under the GPL-3.0-or-later license . It is available for Microsoft Windows , macOS , Linux , and OS/2 . It has two layout modes—classic and newspaper . The classic layout has a three-panel view for the feed list , posts and browser . It supports tabbed browsing , import/export of OPML feeds , basic web browsing functions , adblocking , tags and system tray integration . It uses the WebKit browsing engine for its embedded browser
References
News aggregator software
Free and open-source software
Software articles needing attention
Herbert the Younger ( circa 950–995 ) was the Count of Troyes and Meaux . They were the son of Robert of Vermandois and Adelaide Werra , daughter of Gilbert , Duke of Burgundy . They belonged to the Herbertien dynasty , an illegitimate branch of the Carolingian dynasty .
They inherited their father 's domains in 966 and those of their uncle , Herbert III of Omois , in 984 . They were a partisan and supporter of King Lothair and followed on their conquest of Upper Lorraine , after which they were guarded the captive Godfrey I of Verdun . After the death of Lothair 's heir , Louis V , in 987 , Herbert sided with Odo I of Blois and backed Charles , Duke of Lower Lorraine , probably their brother-in-law .
Herbert 's wife 's name is unknown .
Their son and heir was Stephen .
References
|-
|-
|-
950 births
995 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
10th-century French people
Frankish warriors
Herbertien dynasty
Counts of Champagne
Counts of Troyes
Counts of Meaux
Counts of Omois
New Geneva is an unincorporated community in Fayette County , Pennsylvania , United States . The community is located along Pennsylvania Route 166 and the Monongahela River across from Greensboro . New Geneva has a post office with ZIP code 15467 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Fayette County , Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
Madakkathanam is a village located in the Ernakulam district of the Indian state of Kerala .
See also
Main Eastern Highway
References
External links
St. Thomas Forane Church , Mylacombu
Villages in Ernakulam district
Tiina Lokk-Tramberg ( born 1 October 1955 ) is an Estonian filmmaker , film teacher and politician , who was a member of the Riigikogu from 2012 to 2015 , representing the Estonian Reform Party .
Early life and education
Born in Tallinn , Lokk graduated from the Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography in Moscow with a degree in film theory and criticism .
Career
Since 1997 , they have been the director of the Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival , and later became a member of the European Film Academy . They also have been a member of the editorial board , screenwriter and art council of Tallinnfilm for a decade before being a freelance journalist for the Tallinn Black Nights Film Festival . They then founded and directed the movie label FilmaMAX . They have been a lecturer in the Estonian Academy of Music and Theater ( cultural organization ) and the Estonian Academy of Arts ( teaching film history , film scripts and management of cultural projects ) and a professor of scriptwriting at the Baltic Film and Media School . On 21 May 2012 , the Tallinn University senate elected Lokk as Professor of Film and Art at the Baltic Film and Media School .
They have been a member of the Estonian Reform Party since 2006 and was a member of the Riigikogu from 2012 to 2015 . They were promoted to the Riigikogu as an alternate member as later prime minister Taavi Rõivas became Minister of Social Affairs and Jaanus Rahumägi , who had originally replaced him , withdrew from the Riigikogu .
Personal life
Lokk has two daughters : Triin and Martina .
Them hobbies include cooking , hiking , and travelling .
Lokk 's favorite films include One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest , Citizen Kane , Amarcord , and Pulp Fiction .
Awards
5th class of the Order of the White Star ( received 22 February 2002 )
Foreign Ministry Culture Prize , 2010
References
External links
Tiina Lokk-Tramberg 's profile at the Riigikogu website
Interview at the Reet Linnale , Tähelaev , ETV , 21. november 2010
Priit Luts . `` Riigikogu liige Tiina Lokk-Tramberg andis ametivande '' ERR , 12 . December 2012
1955 births
Living people
People from Tallinn
Politicians from Tallinn
Estonian film directors
Estonian Reform Party politicians
Women members of the Riigikogu
Members of the Riigikogu , 2011–2015
Estonian journalists
Estonian women journalists
Recipients of the Order of the White Star , 5th Class
Estonian women film directors
21st-century Estonian politicians
The Palace of the Counts of Azambuja ( ) , alternately the Palace Valada-Azambuja ( ) is a 16th-century Portuguese estate manorhouse/palace situated in the civil parish of Misericórdia , municipality of Lisbon .
History
By the 16th century a palace already existed on the site , but was destroyed on 1 November 1755 , following the events of the Lisbon earthquake .
Following its reconstruction , the residence was occupied by the family of the 1st Marquess of Valada and 1st Count of Caparica , D. Francisco de Meneses de Silveira e Castro ( 1754–1834 ) .
In 1867 , the palace was acquired by the council Francisco José da Silva Torres , that linked the manor to the Countess of Azambuja .
By 1925 , the property-owner was Manuel Henriques de Carvalho , who provided spaces in the building to the operators of the newspaper A Lucta ( becoming its headquarters ) . Other commercial spaces were eventually opened on the ground floor .
By the 1990s , a library existed in the location .
The construction company , Lucios , demolished the interiors in 2004 , transforming the spaces into 10 residential apartments ( between T0 and T2 configurations ) . The project also included the remodelling of the roof and construction of an elevator .
Architecture
The three-story building forms a `` U '' -shaped uniform plan separated by pilasters and covered in tiled roof . There are three volumes , with three registers divided by architectural elements : the ground floor occupied by shops , the second consisting of simple rectangular windows and the final floor adorned with larger windows with rounded lintels and balustrade varanda .
The central facade is surmounted by a triangular pediment with oculus , decorated by various motifs in bas-relief depicting vegetal forms .
The interior is distinguished for its 18th-century azulejo panels representing gallant scenes , flanked by accented tiles forming divisions as pilasters and surmounted by vases . A marble staircase , covered in vaulted ceiling includes decoration in relief stuccos . Similarly , there are two other triangular azulejo panels depicting Saint Francis of Assisi and Saint Martial .
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Fundo Santa Casa 2004 Reabilita Palácio Valada e Azambuja ( In Portuguese )
Palácio Valada e Azambuja ( In Portuguese )
Palácio Valada e Azambuja Lisboa ( In Portuguese )
Palácio Valada-Azambuja ( In Portuguese )
Palaces in Lisbon
Palace Counts Azambuja
Erickatoure Aviance ( or Ericka Toure Aviance ) is an American nightlife personality , club host , clothing designer , fashionista , drag performer , recording artist , dancer , actor , singer and songwriter . They are a member of the House of Aviance , one of the vogue and ballroom houses in the U.S. founded in 1989 by Mother Juan Aviance . It is from this House that they take their last name from as customary for all ballroom house members .
Early life and education
Aviance was born into a mixed race family with a Black father and a White mother . They grew up in Portsmouth , New Hampshire and came out of the closet at a young age . Although a trained dancer , they started off doing theatre and did n't enter the dance field until they were 14 years of age . They attended New York University with a dance scholarship and in 1999 , progressed to the Tisch School of the Arts and majored in dance .
Career
During Aviance 's career as a drag artist working in nightclubs , they met the entertainer Jonny McGovern who later became a friend and encouraged them to explore their drag character and make their own music . In their earlier years as an artist in New York City , they drew great influences from the performances of their fellow Aviance House member Kevin Aviance . As Erickatoure narrates in an interview with The Huffington Post :
In 2009 , Aviance released their EP Work Ericka , and soon after released the music video for their single My Pumps collaborating with artist one-half NelSon who constructed all the looks in that video . Aviance also started the performance art group enSUBTITLES with one-half NelSon and Clifton Brown .
Aviance was part of La'Mady , a transgender rap group that included Koko Aviance , Linda James , and DJ Nita Aviance . The group collaborated with Jonny McGovern in their 2006 album Jonny McGovern Presents : This is NYC , Bitch ! The East Village Mixtape , with Aviance featuring in the track Showgirl as well as on This is New York City ( BITCH ! ) . In that album , they also appeared with the La'Mady group on Runway in My Street Clothes . The track This is New York City ( BITCH ! ) produced by Jonny McGovern , and written by Jonny McGovern , DJ Nita Aviance and Linda James also became a single for La'Mady and featured Kevin Aviance .
Aviance also Appeared on Jonny McGovern and Lady Red Couture 's premiere Hey Qween TV 's show Pimp My Drag ! ( a drag makeover show ) in 2017 with Adam Joseph and one-half NelSon , and in 2016 and 2017 appeared on the Hey Qween Show as a guest , starring Jonny McGovern . The music video for their 2017 single OVAH released on Aviance Records was first published on Jonny McGovern and Lady Red Couture 's Hey Qween YouTube channel on June 26 , 2017 .
Controversy involving Wendy Williams
In 2009 , Aviance was reported to have been kicked out of The Wendy Williams Show by Wendy Williams and their team for wearing a dress and a wig . It is alleged that : `` Erickatoure Aviance was told they could n't sit in the studio audience of The Wendy Williams Show because the show had a strict `` no costume policy '' . Aviance responded to the incident by calling it `` particularly offensive '' , and went on to add that `` Williams has compared themselves to a drag queen on the show multiple times . '' After receiving many complaints , and GLAAD getting involved , the show 's officials issued an apology , changed their policy , and invited Aviance back on the show . In 2017 when Wendy Williams was supposed to do the pre-show for RuPaul 's Drag Race , former contestant Detox , drag performer Stephanie Stone , and recording artist and RuPaul 's Drag Race judge Michelle Visage took to social media and brought up the 2009 humiliation of Erickatoure on The Wendy Williams Show by referring to Wendy Williams as transphobic and not an ally of the LGBT community . That sentiment was echoed by RuPaul 's Drag Race 's All-Stars season 2 winner Alaska Thunderfuck who referred to Wendy William 's coverage of Caitlyn Jenner 's transition as `` transphobic '' .
See also
LGBT culture in New York City
List of LGBT people from New York City
References
External links
Living people
African-American drag queens
American drag queens
LGBT musicians from the United States
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Nightlife in New York City
House of Aviance
LGBT African Americans
LGBT people from New Hampshire
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People from Portsmouth , New Hampshire
Bruce Bennett Gorham Clarke ( born January 26 , 1943 ) is a former United States Army officer . Clarke is currently president of Bruce Clarke Consultants , Inc. , a defense consulting firm . They are widely published on military and national security affairs , including in their book Expendable Warriors ( 2007 ) and in a regular column for the Examiner .
Family
Clarke was born in Fort Benning , Georgia to Arthur F. Gorham and Corrine `` Colonel '' Bennett Gorham ( later Clarke ) . After Gorham was killed leading paratroopers from the 505th Parachute Infantry Regiment during Operation Husky , the allied invasion of Sicily during World War II , Clarke 's mother married Edwin R. Clarke , who adopted Clarke . Clarke 's siblings are Dr. Richard Clarke and Cindy Clarke Carnahan .
Clarke married their wife Sue in 1969 after the two had met on a blind date during a golf tournament upon their return from Vietnam . While a graduate student at UCLA , the Clarkes appeared on the Newlywed Game winning a bedroom set . The Clarkes have three children , a daughter and two sons , and three grandsons and a new grand daughter .
Education
Clarke attended public schools in Wichita , Kansas before winning a scholarship to Middlesex School in Concord , Massachusetts . Excelling both as a student and as an athlete , Clarke was accepted to both Stanford and Harvard but , to the surprise of many of their Ivy League-bound classmates , elected to attend the U.S. Military Academy at West Point .
In 1961 , Clarke joined the Class of 1965 at West Point . While at West Point , Clarke was known for overloading on political science courses . They graduated third in their class in military history . Upon graduation in June 1965 , Clarke received a commission as a second lieutenant in the cavalry .
Clarke holds a master of arts degree from the University of California , Los Angeles . They are a graduate of the Command and General Staff College and the National War College . Clarke was a member of MIT 's Center for International Studies ' Seminar II .
Battle of Khe Sanh
In January 2013 , Clarke used their Examiner column to recount their experiences at Khe Sanh and pay tribute to all those who fought there . What follows is the text of that article :
In Expendable Warriors : The Battle of Khe Sanh and the Vietnam War I argue that the US won the battle of Khe Sanh and lost the war at the very same time . There was a battle fought in Khe Sanh village on 21 and 22 January 1968 that very few people know about . Every military historian knows of the artillery barrages and the trenches that were the siege of the Khe Sanh Combat Base ( KSCB ) , but what has been called the biggest ground battle of Khe Sanh took place when at 5 AM on 21 January 1968 the 66th Regiment , 304th North Vietnamese Army ( NVA ) Division launched an attack against the Huong Hoa District Headquarters in Khe Sanh Village ( about 4 km south of the Khe Sanh Combat Base ) .
The ensuing fight pitted a mixed force of six different groups ( 175 men ) inside the compound against 2000 men of the NVA force—the little band of warriors included :
The District Staff of Vietnamese officers and men led by Captain Tinh A-Nhi
An understrength Vietnamese Regional Force Company
Two Montagnard manned Popular Force platoons
The Marines of a Combined Action Platoon ( CAP ) led by SGT John Balanco and the company headquarters led by LT Tom Stamper
The four-man Army advisory team led by Captain Bruce Clarke
A two-man Army Intelligence unit called Joint Technical Advisory Detachment ( JTAD ) consisting of LT Jaime Taronji and SGT George Amos
The attack was from three directions with the main effort coming from the southwest against the RF Company . The weather was extremely poor with very heavy fog . The initial enemy assault was beaten off by the courageous efforts of the RF Company and by almost constant barrages of artillery using variable time fused rounds . Alter the initial assault was broken , the enemy simply backed off and using the positions they had already prepared , attempted to destroy the key bunkers by recoilless rifle and rocket propelled grenade fire . Simultaneously it moved into Khe Sanh village and setup mortars with which they attempted to shell the compound . At this time the police station was still communicating with the District Headquarters and made it possible to put effective fire on the enemy moving into the village . For the next four hours there were constant attacks or probes against the compound which were beaten off by the valiant efforts of Bru ( Montagnard ) PFs and the Vietnamese RFs working as a coordinated team and reinforced by the CAP Marines , which SGT Balanco moved to meet the threat .
At about 1130 the fog burned off , during the next five hours there were three attempts to resupply the beleaguered garrison , which was in dire straits for ammunition . All during the afternoon CPT Ward Britt , an Air Force FAC , working out of Quang Tri put in numerous air strikes on the massed NVA who were trying to reorganize . On one of these airstrikes they put in two fighters on 100 NVA in the open and after it was over they could not see any movement , just bodies .
The night of 21 January the NVA were unable to make an attack and only sniped throughout the night . Captains Nhi and Clarke collaborated continually and estimated where the NVA would withdraw to . A B-52 strike was requested and it was later learned that the strike had hit the Regiment ,
The next morning the evacuation of District Headquarters was ordered after Colonel David E. Lownds , the commander of the 26th Marine Regiment , ordered the evacuation of the Marines from the garrison and denied further artillery support—over 1200 rounds had been fired in the last 24 hours in support of the District Headquarters defense . The Marines and the wounded were evacuated by air . CPT Clarke and SFC King , two of the advisors , accompanied the District Forces who , using an unknown route , successfully escaped from the District Headquarters .
That afternoon CPT Clarke accompanied a Special Forces strike team that conducted a heliborne raid back into the District Headquarters to destroy everything that the District Forces had left behind and to evacuate the over 150 weapons that the District Forces had captured .
The District government , forces , and advisors spent the next two and a half months in exile at the Khe Sanh Combat Base where they dodged artillery rounds , took part in the defense of the Combat Base , and operated an intelligence net .
The siege of KSCB lasted for 76 more days . During that time the ” agony of Khe Sanh ” played on the front pages and news reports on Main Street thought out the country . The result was that while the battle of Khe Sanh was won ( two NVA divisions were rendered combat ineffective ) but the public relations battle and thus the war was lost .
Army career
Following Ranger and Airborne Schools , Clarke commanded a 160-man airborne cavalry troop in Germany . From there they deployed to Vietnam first as an assistant district advisor and then as a district advisor . Clarke fought in the Battle of Khe Sanh and later participated in both the planning for and retaking of the combat base . In 2007 , Clarke wrote about their experiences in Expendable Warriors from Praeger Security International . and later Stackpole Military History Series .
Returning from Vietnam , and recently married , Clarke moved to Los Angeles to attend the University of California , Los Angeles where they earned a master of arts degree . Because of a shortage of officers , Clarke was forced to leave UCLA before finishing their PhD for a teaching post in the Department of Social Sciences at West Point . Among their students at West Point was David H. Petraeus . Clarke next attended the Command and General Staff College at Ft. Leavenworth , Kansas and then moved up through a variety of positions within the 1st Infantry Division at Ft. Riley , Kansas .
In 1979 , Clarke was tapped to join the Army Staff in the Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations and Plans in the Political-Military Division under future Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General John Shalikashvili , who had served on the same MACV advisory team in Vietnam . One of their first assignments was as a member of the Reagan-Carter presidential transition team . Clarke also worked on the ABM Treaty . In early 1982 , they left the Pentagon to take command of the 2nd Squadron , 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment in Bad Kissingen , Germany . Clarke and their troopers were responsible for over 150-km of the East-West German border in the Fulda Gap . During this period , the Squadron fielded both the M1 Abrams main battle tank and the M2 Bradley fighting vehicle .
Next , Clarke attended the National War College graduating with the class of 1985 . From there they joined the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency inside the State Department working for Ambassador Ken Adelman . Clarke served as the senior military officer in arms control negotiations with the Soviet Union . After their first year at the State Department they were selected for brigade command but the busy pace of Soviet-American negotiations caused their assignment to be extended one year beyond the normal two-year posting . In their three years at the State Department , they regularly shuttled between negotiations in Washington and Geneva . This period includes three summit meetings between President Ronald Reagan and Soviet premier Mikhail Gorbachev : the November 1985 Geneva Summit , the October 1986 Reykjavík Summit and the December 1987 Washington summit where the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty was signed .
In 1988 , Clarke returned to the uniformed Army as commander of the 2nd Brigade , 1st Infantry Division at Ft. Riley , Kansas . The brigade was composed of 2–16 Infantry Battalion , 3–37 Armor Battalion , and 4–37 Armor Battalion , plus supporting units and a battalion from the Minnesota National Guard . Clarke 's training of the Dagger Brigade for desert combat would prove fortuitous as days after giving up command in 1990 to Colonel Tony Moreno , Iraqi forces overran Kuwait . The 2nd Brigade eventually helped lead the ground invasion during Operation Desert Storm capturing Safwan , the site of the cease fire talks between General Norman Schwarzkopf and Iraqi commanders . In recognition of their service to the armor community , in 1990 Clarke was inducted into the Order of Saint George , one of the U.S. Armor Association 's highest honors . That same year , Kansas Governor Mike Hayden named Clarke an `` honorary Kansan '' apparently unaware that Clarke was a lifelong Kansan .
Clarke 's final posting was as Director of National Security Studies at the U.S. Army War College in Carlisle , Pennsylvania . While at the Army War College they published extensively on military modernization and helped shape the work on conflict termination studies . In late-1992 this work was put to the test when , following President George H. W. Bush 's deployment of forces to Somalia for Operation Restore Hope , Clarke led a team to consult with the Joint Chiefs of Staff on building an exit strategy . The military and political bureaucracies rejected their advice and failed to establish a coherent policy to guide the withdrawal of forces . The U.S. was further drawn into the conflict before President Bill Clinton pulled troops out after the Battle of Mogadishu and the Blackhawk down incident . Clinton and their Secretary of Defense Leslie Aspin were roundly criticized for also failing to establish an exit strategy . For their work at the Army War College , Clarke was awarded the General Dwight D. Eisenhower Chair in National Security in 1994 . In 1995 , following 30-years on active duty , Clarke retired . Army Chief of Staff General Gordon R. Sullivan presided over the ceremony and awarded Clarke the Legion of Merit .
Post-Army career
Following their retirement from the Army , Clarke was the Training Manager at the Royal Saudi Land Forces Armored Institute in Tabuk , Saudi Arabia training Saudi armor officers and soldiers on the M1A2 main battle tank . After the Gulf War , the Saudis purchased 315 M1 tanks , enough to outfit a full armored division ( or two mechanized infantry divisions ) . In 1998 Clarke returned to the U.S. and joined QuVis , a start-up technology company , where they helped them develop their military and government business .
In 2000 , Clarke founded Bruce Clarke Consultants , Inc. to work with defense contractors on technology integration issues . Since 2005 they have also served as an advisor to Rockhill Partners , a venture capital partnership . Their work on defense issues , national security strategy and knowledge of the Middle East has led to theirs advising at least two members of the U.S. Senate . They also drew upon their experience during the Carter-Reagan presidential transition as a paid advisor to incoming Kansas Governor Bill Graves .
Publications
Clarke is the author of Expendable Warriors ( Praeger Security International , 2007 ) with a foreword by former Joint Chiefs Chairman General John Vessey . The book is set to be released in paperback in April 2009 by Stackpole Books . They are also the author of Conflict Termination : A Rational Model ( Strategic Studies Institute , U.S. Army War College , 1992 ) . They were a contributor to Managing Contemporary Conflict : Pillars of Success edited by Max G. Manwaring and William J. Olson ( Westview Press , 1996 ) and Maneuver Warfare Anthology , edited by Richard D. Hooker , Jr. ( The Presidio Press , 1993 ) .
In addition to a regular column for the Examiner they began writing in July 2009 , Clarke has authored numerous publications for military audiences having been published in the Army Times , Armor , the Joint Forces Journal , Military Review , Infantry , Field Artillery and the Journal of Conflict and Terrorism . Clarke has also been published in The Washington Post , The Baltimore Sun , and The Topeka Capital-Journal .
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
1943 births
Living people
United States Army Cavalry Branch personnel
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army colonels
Writers from Topeka , Kansas
University of California , Los Angeles alumni
American male non-fiction writers
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
American military writers
Middlesex School alumni
Balam ( Hindi : बालम , Beloved ) is a 1949 Hindi romantic action film directed by Homi Wadia . Credited as A Hila Wadia Production by Wadia Brothers the film starred Suraiya , Wasti , Masood , Nigar Sultana , Jayant , Gulnar and Agha . The music directors were Husnlal Bhagatram .
Cast
Suraiya
Wasti
Masood
Nigar
Jayant
Agha
Jankidas
Suraiya Chawdhry
Gulnar
Anwari
Master Ratan
H. Prakash
Music
The music was composed by Husnlal Bhagatram and lyrics by Qamar Jalalabadi . Lata Mangeshkar sang their first duet with Suraiya in this film with the song `` O Pardesi Musafir Kise Karta Hai Ishare '' .
Song List
References
External links
1949 films
1940s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Films directed by Homi Wadia
Ručići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Serbia . According to the 2002 census , the village has a population of 144 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Spider beetles make up the subfamily Ptininae , in the family Ptinidae . There are approximately 70 genera and 600 species in the subfamily , with about 12 genera and 70 species in North America north of Mexico .
Spider beetles have round bodies with long , slender legs . Many species are flightless , either in females only or both sexes . They are generally 1–5 mm long , and reproduce at the rate of two to three generations per year . They are so named because of a resemblance to spiders . Some species have long legs , antennae that can seem like an additional pair of legs , and a body shape that may appear superficially like that of a spider .
The larvae and the adults of most spider beetles are scavengers on dry plant or animal matter , but some species are known to be ant associates .
The subfamily Ptininae , along with Anobiinae and several others , were formerly considered members of the family Anobiidae , but the family name has since been changed to Ptinidae .
Genera
These genera belong to the subfamily Ptininae :
Acanthaptinus Philips , 2005
Africogenius Borowski , 2000
Bellesus Özdikmen , 2010
Casapus Wollaston , 1862 g
Cavoptinus Pic , 1931
Chilenogenius Pic , 1947
Coleoaethes Philips , 1998 g
Cryptopeniculus Philips , 2004 g
Cylindroptinus Pic , 1910
Cyphoniptus Bellés , 1992
Dignomus Wollaston , 1862 g
Diphobia Olliff , 1886
Diplocotes Westwood , 1869 g
Diplocotidus Peringuey , 1899
Ectrephes Pascoe , 1866 g
Enasiba Olliff , 1886
Epauloecus Mulsant & Rey , 1868 b
Eurostodes Reitter , 1884 g
Eurostoptinus Pic , 1895
Gibbium Scopoli , 1777 i c g b
Gnostus Westwood , 1855 i c g b
Hanumanus Bellés , 1991
Hexaplocotes Lea , 1906
Kedirinus Bellés , 1991 g
Lachnoniptus Philip , 1998 g
Lapidoniptus Belles , 1981 g
Luzonoptinus Pic , 1923
Maheoptinus Pic , 1903
Meziomorphum Pic , 1898 g
Mezium Curtis , 1828 i c g b
Myrmecoptinus Wasmann , 1916 g
Neoptinus Gahan , 1900
Niptinus Fall , 1905 i c g b
Niptodes Reitter , 1884 g
Niptomezium Pic , 1902
Niptus Boieldieu , 1856 i c g b
Okamninus Mynhardt & Philips , 2013 g
Oviedinus Bellés , 2010 g
Paulianoptinus Bellés , 1991
Paussoptinus Lea , 1905
Piarus Wollaston , 1862 g
Pitnus Gorham , 1883 i c g
Polyplocotes Westwood , 1869
Prosternoptinus Bellés , 1985
Pseudeurostus Heyden , 1906 i c g b
Ptinus Linnaeus , 1766 i c g b
Silisoptinus Pic , 1917
Singularivultus Bellés , 1991
Sphaericus Wollaston , 1854 i c g b
Stereocaulophilus Belles , 1994 g
Sucinoptinus Bellés , 2007 g
Sulcoptinus Bellés , 1988 g
Tipnus Thomson , 1863 i c g
Trigonogenioptinus Pic , 1937
Trigonogenius Solier , 1849 i g b
Tropicoptinus Belles , 1998 g
Trymolophus Bellés , 1990 g
Xylodes Waterhouse , 1876 g
Data sources : i = ITIS , c = Catalogue of Life , g = GBIF , b = Bugguide.net
Gallery
See also
List of Ptinidae genera
References
External links
Ptinidae
The 2020 Auckland Open ( sponsored by ASB Bank ) was a joint ATP and WTA tennis tournament , played on outdoor hard courts . It was the 35th edition of the women 's event , and the 44th edition of the men 's event . It took place at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland , New Zealand , from 6 to 12 January 2020 for the women , and from 13 to 18 January 2020 for the men .
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
1 Qualifiers ' prize money is also the Round of 32 prize money
* per team
ATP singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 6 January 2020 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Alejandro Davidovich Fokina
Jannik Sinner
Michael Venus
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Michael Mmoh
Thiago Monteiro
Vasek Pospisil
Mikael Ymer
The following player received entry as a lucky loser :
Leonardo Mayer
Withdrawals
Radu Albot → replaced by Leonardo Mayer
Daniil Medvedev → replaced by Tennys Sandgren
ATP doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of 6 January 2020 .
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw :
Mackenzie McDonald / Ajeet Rai
Cameron Norrie / Rhett Purcell
WTA singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of December 30 , 2019
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Eugenie Bouchard
Paige Hourigan
Valentina Ivanov
The following player received entry using a protected ranking into the singles main draw :
Catherine Bellis
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Camila Giorgi
Varvara Lepchenko
Ann Li
Greet Minnen
The following players received entry as lucky losers :
Usue Maitane Arconada
Ysaline Bonaventure
Caty McNally
Withdrawals
Bianca Andreescu → replaced by Christina McHale
Svetlana Kuznetsova → replaced by Usue Maitane Arconada
Jeļena Ostapenko → replaced by Ysaline Bonaventure
Monica Puig → replaced by Jessica Pegula
Alison Van Uytvanck → replaced by Caty McNally
Retirements
Alizé Cornet ( right adductor strain )
WTA doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings as of December 30 , 2019
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw :
Sara Errani / Paige Hourigan
Allie Kiick / Erin Routliffe
Retirements
Laura Siegemund ( right thigh injury )
Champions
Men 's singles
Ugo Humbert def . Benoît Paire , 7–6 ( 7–2 ) , 3–6 , 7–6 ( 7–5 )
Women 's singles
Serena Williams def . Jessica Pegula , 6–3 , 6–4
Men 's doubles
Luke Bambridge / Ben McLachlan def . Marcus Daniell / Philipp Oswald , 7–6 ( 7–2 ) , 6–3
Women 's doubles
Asia Muhammad / Taylor Townsend def . Serena Williams / Caroline Wozniacki , 6–4 , 6–4
References
External links
Official website - Men 's tournament
2020 ATP Tour
2020 WTA Tour
2020
2020
2020 in New Zealand women 's sport
January 2020 sports events in New Zealand
Auck
Mount Gladstone is a summit in Alberta , Canada .
Mount Gladstone was named for W. S. Gladstone , a pioneer citizen .
References
Gladstone
Alberta 's Rockies
Esil District ( , ) is a district of Akmola region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the town of Esil .
It has a population of and
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
CineFiles is a database of digitized film documents , containing more than 50,000 documents on film history , compiled at the Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive , at the University of California , Berkeley , and supported by the Museum Informatics Project . Types of documents available on CineFiles include newspaper clippings , film reviews , interviews , popular and scholarly articles , publicity materials , program notes , book excerpts , pamphlets , filmmakers ' texts and correspondence , and many other rare archival documents dating from the early 1900s to the present .
Citations are available for all documents , and page images are available for documents with copyright clearance . Page images or links are freely available for over 90 % of the documents . In some cases access to documents is restricted to users with a UC Berkeley on-campus IP address . More about this topic can be found on the Copyright Resources Project webpage . CineFiles currently includes documents on the films of more than 150 major international directors , materials describing silent Soviet cinema , and PFA 's unique collection of exhibitor manuals , among other documents . New titles and document images are continued to be added .
History
CineFiles database was created in 1994 and expanded in 1996 with support from the National Endowment for the Humanities to allow the Pacific Film Archive Library and Film Study Center to index and digitize materials from its documentation collection and make them freely available , with copyright holders ' permissions , on the Internet . In 2006 , a three-year grant from Institute of Museum and Library Services ( IMLS ) to expand the scope of CineFiles . Other supporters include the Library Services and Technology Act , the Packard Humanities Institute , and individual donors .
The website was redesigned in 2009 .
Notes
External links
CineFiles Database
Film archives in the United States
University of California , Berkeley
Eilema plana , the little white lichen moth , is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae . The species was first described by Jean Baptiste Boisduval in 1832 . It is found in the Australian states of Queensland , New South Wales and Victoria .
The wingspan is about 30 mm . The wings are plain and can range in colour from white to pale brown .
References
Moths described in 1832
plana
Lady Pank is a popular Polish rock band , started in 1981 in Wrocław by Jan Borysewicz and Andrzej Mogielnicki . One of the most popular groups in history of Polish rock . Its first hit was Mała Lady Punk ( `` Little Lady Punk '' ) .
Lady Pank garnered some attention in the United States in 1985 , when MTV placed the video for the band 's single `` Minus Zero '' on rotation . The title was somewhat changed for the English language release ; the original Polish title Mniej niż zero means `` less than zero '' .
The video for one of the band 's greatest hits Zawsze Tam Gdzie Ty is set on Chicago 's ' L ' , the Quincy Station in particular .
Lineups and musicians
Jan Borysewicz and Janusz Panasewicz have been with the group since the beginning , and have maintained a specific and recognizable sound for the quintet . Most of the lead vocals are done by Panasewicz , and occasionally by Borysewicz .
The original members of band were :
Jan Borysewicz - solo guitar
Janusz Panasewicz - vocals
Paweł Mścisławski - bass guitar
Edmund Stasiak - guitar
Jarosław Szlagowski - drums
The band 's current line up is :
Jan Borysewicz - solo guitar/vocals
Janusz Panasewicz - vocals
Kuba Jabłoński- drums
Krzysztof Kieliszkiewicz - bass guitar
Michał Sitarski - guitar
The band 's most popular songs are : Tańcz głupia , tańcz ( `` Dance , stupid , dance '' ) , Mniej niż zero ( `` Less than zero '' ) , Wciąż bardziej obcy ( `` More and more of a stranger '' ) , Kryzysowa narzeczona ( `` Crisis fiancée '' ) , Zamki na piasku ( `` Castles on the sand '' ) , Tacy sami ( `` Just the same '' ) , Zostawcie Titanica ( `` Leave the Titanic alone '' ) , Mała wojna ( `` Little war '' ) , Zawsze tam gdzie ty ( `` Always there , where you are '' ) , Znowu pada deszcz ( `` It 's raining again '' ) , Na granicy ( `` On the border '' ) , Stacja Warszawa ( `` Warsaw Station '' ) .
Live performances
In 1983 alone , the group performed live 369 times . After another three years the total number of live shows grew to over 800 , a record at the time in Poland . On November 30 , 2000 Lady Pank played a jubilee concert in Wrocław , celebrating the group 's 18th birthday .
Instruments
Borysewicz and the other guitar players prefer Fender Stratocaster guitars and Marshall amplifiers .
Discography
Studio albums
References
External links
Official band 's website
Polish rock music groups
Polish pop rock music groups
is a train station in San'yō-Onoda , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Onoda Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Jakub Krejčík ( born June 25 , 1991 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing with HC Sparta Praha of the Czech Extraliga ( ELH ) .
Playing career
Krejčík first played with HC Slavia Praha in the Czech Extraliga during the 2010–11 season , and later moved to the Swedish Hockey League with Örebro HK .
On 8 May 2020 , Krejčík was signed to a two-year contract to join Finnish KHL club , Jokerit , starting from the 2020–21 season .
On 14 July 2021 , Krejčík and Jokerit mutually agreed to a contract termination . They were later signed to continue in the KHL with HC Dinamo Minsk on a one-year contract on 20 August 2021 .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Czech ice hockey defencemen
HC Dinamo Minsk players
BK Havlíčkův Brod players
Jokerit players
HC Lev Praha players
Oulun Kärpät players
HC Kometa Brno players
KHL Medveščak Zagreb players
Lukko players
Örebro HK players
HC Slavia Praha players
HC Slovan Ústečtí Lvi players
HC Sparta Praha players
Sportspeople from Prague
Ponthus Westerholm ( born 6 January 1992 ) is a Swedish ice hockey player . They are currently playing with Malmö Redhawks of the Swedish Hockey League .
Playing career
Westerholm made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Brynäs IF during the 2014–15 SHL season . Ponthus ' twin brother Pathrik is also a professional hockey player .
On 3 May 2017 , Westerholm left Brynäs alongside brother Pathrik , and signed a two-year contract with Frölunda HC .
After claiming the Swedish Championship in their final season under contract in 2018–19 season , Westerholm left as a free agent to move to the Finnish Liiga , again alongside Pathrik , agreeing to a one-year deal with Lukko on May 8 , 2019 .
Awards and honours
References
External links
1992 births
Brynäs IF players
BIK Karlskoga players
Frölunda HC players
Living people
Malmö Redhawks players
Swedish ice hockey right wingers
People from Karlskrona
Sportspeople from Blekinge County
Peter Matti ( born 22 June 1965 ) is a Swiss slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the late 1990s . Competing in two Summer Olympics , they earned their best finish of fifth in the C2 event in Barcelona in 1992 .
They are the European Champion in C2 from 1996 .
Their partner in the boat throughout the whole of their active career was their brother Ueli Matti .
World Cup individual podiums
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1965 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Switzerland
Swiss male canoeists
Griffith is an early inner-south suburb of Canberra , Australian Capital Territory , Australia .
Griffith contains the Manuka Shopping Centre , one of the earliest shopping areas built in Canberra . Noted buildings in the suburb include the Russian Embassy and St Paul 's Anglican Church . Griffith , sized at approximately 3 km² , is one of Canberra 's oldest suburbs , with several of its streets designed according to Walter Burley Griffin 's original designs for Canberra . The suburb has 20 parks covering nearly 12 % of the total area .
History
Settlement of the Blandfordia 5 Precinct southwest of Manuka began in 1926 and 1927 . In 1928 , southern Blandfordia ( named after the Christmas Bell ) was renamed Griffith and northern Blandfordia became Forrest . Griffith is named after Sir Samuel Griffith , who was chosen in 1903 as the first Chief Justice of the High Court of Australia and retained their position until retirement in 1919 . Streets in Griffith are named after explorers .
Griffith includes several areas that are listed by the ACT Heritage Council :
A post-colonisation Ngambri-Ngunnawal campsite is registered on Flinders Way . According to the ACT Heritage Council , `` the traffic island at the intersection of Hayes Crescent , Durville Crescent and Flinders Way is associated with Aboriginal use of the area prior to and following European settlement and includes one of the most recently used traditional Ngunnawal camping grounds [ used in the 1940s-1950s ] . ''
The Blandfordia 5 Precinct ( bounded by Bougainville and Furneaux streets , Arthur Circle Monaro Crescent and Flinders way , but including houses north of Furneaux Street in Forrest ) , the first stage of which was developed on Garden City principles in 1926 and 1927 to meet the urgent need for housing for public servants for the opening of the new Parliament House in Canberra in 1927 . It was planned by Sir John Sulman ( and departs from Walter Burley Griffin 's intent for the area ) and the planting was guided by Thomas Charles Weston .
Griffith Oval No . 1 at the corner of Captain Cook Crescent and Austin Street , the home ground of the Eastern Suburbs Rugby Union Club , which is ringed by mature trees planted between the 1930s and the 1950s .
The Whitley Houses at the corner of Canberra Avenue and the corner of Cunningham Street and Burke and Leichhardt streets , modernist houses designed by Cuthbert Whitley and built in 1939 , considered by the ACT Heritage Council to be `` among the first government designed and built single-storey detached houses in the Functionalist style in Australia . '' The Heritage Council has permitted flats to be built behind the houses , but views of the houses from the streets have been partially preserved .
St Paul 's Church on the corner of Canberra Avenue and Captain Cook Crescent , which the Heritage Council considers to be an excellent example of an Inter-War Gothic church with Art Deco influences . The church was designed by Sydney Architects Burcham Clamp and Son and dedicated on 6 August 1939 .
The former Petrov residence at 7 Lockyer Street , which was occupied by Vladimir Mikhaylovich Petrov and their wife , Evdokia prior to the Petrov Affair . The Heritage Council considers that `` the house and its grounds preserve the outward picture of suburban normality and domesticity that the Petrovs presented to 1950s Canberra , a picture that belied the important ramifications their defection had in Australia and internationally . Their defection was a defining event of the Cold War in Australia '' .
The Evans Crescent Housing at 7–11 Evans Crescent , which the ACT Heritage Council considers to be an `` excellent example of Inter-War Functionalist Style housing which , at the time of its construction in 1940 was relatively new in Australia . ''
The Canberra Services Club at 14 Manuka Circle , which the ACT Heritage Council considers to be historically significant for its association with the provision of hospitality to service personnel by Canberra volunteers during World War II . Lady Gowrie , the wife of the Governor General , played a major role in establishing it , including fund-raising . The Services Club burnt down in April 2011 , but it has been decided to rebuild it .
Manuka Swimming Pool on Manuka Circle , which was completed in 1930 . The ACT Heritage Council considers it to be `` an important component of the body of 'Federal Capital ' style public buildings associated with the establishment of Canberra as the National Capital . ''
Dairy Farmers Co-Operative complex at the corner of Wentworth Avenue and Mildura Street , which was completed in 1938 and 1952 . It is an example of industrial architecture in the Inter-War Functionalist style , designed by Ken Oliphant .
The Kingston/Griffith Garden City heritage precinct , sections 15 , 16 and 17 of Kingston and section 22 of Griffith , bounded by Dawes , Howitt , Cunningham and Kennedy streets , Burke Crescent , Leichhardt and Cunningham streets and Canberra Avenue . The Garden City housing in the precinct is in Kingston and the section in Griffith is a sports ground .
The former Griffith Child Welfare Centre at 30 Manuka Circle , which was opened in 1937 . The Heritage Council considers it to be important as the first permanent baby health centre in the ACT .
The Manuka Oval and Caretaker 's Cottage , which began to be developed as a sports ground in the early 1920s and began to be developed as a formal enclosed oval in March 1929 . The Heritage Council considers that it is `` significant for its continual use as a Canberra sporting facility , retaining an array of features such as the historic tree plantings , the oval , the Caretaker 's Cottage and the later scoreboard which tell the story of its development as a popular sporting venue . ''
Demography
At the , Griffith had a population of 5,328 people , including 1.3 % Indigenous people . The median Griffith citizen was 38 years old , earning a mean weekly gross personal income of approximately $ 1,572 per week , compared to the ACT mean of $ 1,203 and the Australian mean of $ 805 .
66.9 % of people were born in Australia . The next most common country of birth was England at 4.2 % . 76.6 % of people spoke only English at home . The most common responses for religion were No Religion ( 48.4 % ) and Catholic ( 17.8 % ) .
Politics
Griffith is located within the federal electorate of Canberra , which is currently represented by Alicia Payne in the House of Representatives . In the ACT Legislative Assembly , Griffith is part of the electorate of Kurrajong , which elects five members on the basis of proportional representation , currently two Labor , two Greens and one Liberal . Polling place statistics are shown to the right for the Griffith polling place at St Edmund 's College in the 2019 federal and 2016 ACT elections .
Geology
Rocks in Griffith are from the Silurian age . Mount Painter Volcanics dark grey to green grey dacitic tuff is found to the south west of the Deakin Fault . Canberra Formation , calcareous shale is in the north east of the Deakin Fault . The Deakin Fault is named after the suburb , and in the suburb runs from Canberra Avenue at Manuka to Frome Street . The Deakin fault is an important fault running in the north west direction across most of Canberra .
Education
Griffith residents get preference for :
Depending on the address , Forrest Primary or Red Hill Primary
Telopea Park School ( for high school )
Narrabundah College
Griffith is home to Canberra 's first private Catholic boys school , St Edmund 's College , a Christian Brothers school opened in 1954 . There are 5 other schools located in the suburb .
The Russian Embassy School in Canberra , a Russian primary school operated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia , is located on the grounds of the Embassy of Russia in Canberra in Griffith . It provides a free education to Russian diplomat families and accepts other children on a tuition basis .
Notable places
The Canberra South Bowling Club on the corner of Austin and La Perouse Streets was designed by the architect Harry Seidler and completed in 1959 and demolished in 2014 to make way for high density apartments .
Footnotes
Suburbs of Canberra
`` Shooting Shark '' is a song by American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult , appearing on the band 's ninth album The Revölution by Night . Written by guitarist/vocalist Donald `` Buck Dharma '' Roeser with lyrics inspired by a Patti Smith poem , the song features a synthesizer-heavy pop sound mixed with rock elements . The song features Randy Jackson , of future American Idol fame , on bass .
The song tells the story of a man in a bad relationship , who wants to be done with the woman . Each time they break up with her , everything they see reminds them of her , and they eventually return . This has happened three times , and at the end of the song he 's returning for the fourth , which they say will be the last .
`` Shooting Shark '' was a modest success , peaking at # 83 on the Billboard Hot 100 , as well as # 16 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart .
Reception
AllMusic reviewer William Ruhlmann picked the song as an Allmusic reviewer 's pick . Errol Somay of Rolling Stone noted the song 's saxophone solo , stating it `` remind [ s ] us that Blue Öyster Cult are capable songwriters at both ends of the rock & roll Richter scale '' .
Track listing
American 7 '' single
American 12 '' single
European 7 '' single
UK 12 '' single
Charts
Personnel
Blue Öyster Cult
Donald `` Buck Dharma '' Roeser – vocals , lead guitar , keyboards
Eric Bloom – rhythm guitar
Joe Bouchard – bass
Allen Lanier – keyboards
Rick Downey – drums
Additional musicians
Randy Jackson – bass
Larry Fast – synthesizers , programming
Marc Baum – saxophone
References
1983 songs
1984 singles
Blue Öyster Cult songs
Columbia Records singles
Songs written by Buck Dharma
Songs written by Patti Smith
Song recordings produced by Bruce Fairbairn
American pop rock songs
Ma Zhengqi ( ; born March 1959 ) is a retired Chinese politician . They served as deputy director of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce between 2013 and 2018 and deputy director of the State Administration for Market Regulation between 2018 and 2019 . They were a member of the 18th CPC Central Committee and a member of the 13th Standing Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference .
Early life and education
Ma was born and raised in Yongchuan County , Sichuan . They graduated from Chongqing Normal University , majoring in Chinese language and literature .
Political career
Ma entered the workforce in October 1976 and joined the Communist Party of China in April 1977 .
Beginning in 1976 , they served in several posts in Yongchuan County , including public security member , director , and CPC party chief .
In May 1994 , they were appointed the CPC party chief of Rongchang County , they remained in that position until April 1997 , when they were transferred to Chongqing and appointed the deputy secretary-general of Chongqing Government .
They became the CPC party chief of Wanzhou District in June 2002 , they were re-elected in January 2003 .
Ma was elevated to the vice-mayor of Chongqing in January 2007 , rising to executive vice-mayor in April 2010 .
They were promoted to become the deputy director of the State Administration for Industry and Commerce in April 2013 , a position they held until March 2018 . In March 2018 , they became deputy director of the State Administration for Market Regulation , serving in the post until their retirement in May 2019 .
In the middle of 2013 , during the Anti-Corruption Campaign of the Communist Party of China , a Chinese journalist Liu Hu accused them of corruption in real-name reporting , but the Chinese government protected him . Lai Dong ( ) , a local official of Wanzhou District said to the reporter of Beijing Times ( ) , `` Over the years , report has n't been interrupted , but have n't got the result . '' ( )
See also
List of members of the 11th National People 's Congress
18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
References
1959 births
Living people
Central Party School of the Chinese Communist Party alumni
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Chongqing
People 's Republic of China politicians from Chongqing
Political office-holders in Chongqing
Miguel Samacá ( born 18 May 1946 ) is a Colombian former cyclist . They competed at the 1968 , 1972 and the 1976 Summer Olympics . They won the Vuelta a Colombia in 1972 and 1974 as well as the Vuelta al Táchira in 1972 .
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Colombian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Colombia
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Boyacá Department
The Helpers ( released in some countries as Vacancy 4 ) is a 2012 American horror film by Chris Stokes . The film was released on September 28 , 2012 . Also known as No Vacancy .
Plot
The film opens with a scene of newspapers and news broadcasts describing an orphanage which was burned down , resulting in several deaths . It then turns to seven friends as they start out on a road trip to Las Vegas , with Phil ( JoJo Wright ) recording the trip for their girlfriend Julia . The group hits a road block en route to their destination , prompting them to take a detour that results in several flat tires . The group decides that the women will remain behind to watch the truck while the men go to look for help . The men eventually come across a rest-stop motel that sells tires , introducing themselves to the gas attendant Brad and the shop owner Steve ( Braxton Davis ) and Norah ( Dallas Lovato ) . Steve offers to not only fix the truck and pick up the girls , but to provide free alcoholic drinks , in addition to letting the group stay at the neighboring motel for the night . One of the group members , Todd ( Dustin Harnish ) , is originally hesitant about the proposition , but eventually agrees to it . After a wild night of drinking and partying , the group falls asleep in the motel .
The group eventually wakes up the next morning/afternoon . At first everything appears normal , but it soon becomes clear that Steve and their cohorts are nowhere to be found on the premises . None of the friends remembers much about what happened the previous night . And four of the friends ( Jordan , Brandy , Ryan , Anna ) wake up realizing they 're tied up or otherwise physically incapacitated . Jordan is tied up to a chair in the bathroom next to the bathtub , with a bucket on their arm and an electric wire tied to their hand . Brandy is tied up in the bathtub . Ryan is tied to a chair in their room , and Anna is tied up on the bed , at their hands and their feet . At first the friends believe this to be some sort of bad joke , but when Todd and Claire witness Phil being intentionally decapitated by Brad , it becomes clear that Steve , Brad , Norah and Chloe are actually cruel , sadistic sociopaths , ( who call themselves `` the helpers '' ) intent on torturing and murdering the group . Claire ( Kristen Quintrall ) and Todd are locked in their motel room and are forced to watch while their friends get murdered one by one . The helpers go into Anna and Ryan 's room and reveal that each end of Anna 's body is chained to a car , and they will drive the cars and rip their body in half . They do so , while Ryan is tied up and unable to stop them . They then go into Jordan and Brandy 's room and explain that the wire attached to Jordan 's arm will be lowered into the water in the bathtub by placing rocks in the bucket hanging from their arm , electrocuting Brandy . Brandy is killed from being electrocuted four times , while Jordan 's arm with the wire was forcibly placed in the water . The men remove Brandy from the tub and leave Jordan with Norah . Norah taunts Jordan , who then pushes Norah into the tub and electrocutes them with the wire , killing them Todd and Claire also manage to successfully escape from their room . However , Todd and Claire are caught while attempting to flee and are brought back to the complex . The helpers bring out Ryan ( still tied to the chair ) and shoot them dead in front of the others , and then chain Claire to the cars as they did to Anna , threatening to rip their body in half , unless they admit that their father was the abusive owner of an orphanage . They admit that their father was indeed the owner of an orphanage .
It 's eventually revealed that the three murderers used to live in an orphanage run by Claire 's father where they were terribly abused and beaten , with the murderers intentionally setting the group up to come by the motel . They found the motel/gas station , killed the employees , and took it over . Then they placed road detour signs on the road , and placed sharp objects to puncture the cars tires . It is also revealed that before they left the orphanage , they burned it down , as the news described in the opening scene of the movie . Hence , the murderers main motive for their barbarism is revenge against Claire 's father . They knew that the group was going on a road trip because Phil 's girlfriend , Julia , was one of them . Jordan , Todd , and Claire manage to escape . The film ends with a scene `` six months later '' where `` the helpers '' are working at another gas station , asking their customers if they need any help .
Cast
Kristen Quintrall as Claire
Denyce Lawton as Brandy
Christopher Jones as Ryan
JoJo Wright as Phil
Rachel Sterling as Anna
Black Thomas as Jordan
Dustin Harnish as Todd
Cameron Diskin as Brad
Braxton Davis as Steve
Rebecca Burchett as Chloe
Dallas Lovato as Norah
Ben Hardy as Matthew
Trever Sambrano as Jake
References
External links
2012 films
2012 horror films
American horror films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Srednja Vas ( ; , ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia . The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola . The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region .
The local church is dedicated to Saints Phillip and James and belongs to the Parish of Črmošnjice . It dates to the 18th century .
References
External links
Srednja Vas at Geopedia
Pre–World War II list of oeconyms and family names in Srednja Vas
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Temple Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at 2090 Hollywood Drive in York , Pennsylvania . Founded in 1877 as the Hebrew Reformed Congregation Temple Beth Israel , it joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations ( now Union for Reform Judaism ) in 1907 . That year it completed the construction of its first building , a Moorish Revival brick building topped with large , copper Onion domes .
In 1962 Beth Israel started construction on its current facilities , completing the Religious school wing , auditorium , and social facilities , and in 1966 it completed work on the sanctuary . , the rabbi was Jeffrey Astrachan .
External links
Temple Beth Israel web site
1907 building
Notes
19th-century synagogues
Buildings and structures in York , Pennsylvania
Moorish Revival architecture in Pennsylvania
Moorish Revival synagogues
Reform synagogues in Pennsylvania
Religious organizations established in 1877
Religious buildings and structures in York County , Pennsylvania
Synagogue buildings with domes
Synagogues completed in 1907
Synagogues completed in 1966
1877 establishments in Pennsylvania
Hey Hey ( ) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,452 , in 351 families .
References
Populated places in Quchan County
The Broadwell ring is a small obturating ring used in the 1860s and 1870s rifled breech loaders in Continental Europe to ensure obturation ( usually in sliding wedge breechlocks ) . American engineer Lewis Wells Broadwell who worked as sales agent for the Gatling Gun Company in Europe replaced a papier-mache obturating cup behind the bagged charge in early bag-loaded RBLs with a metallic gas ring and patented their invention in 1861 , later perfecting it in 1864 and 1866 ; most countries paid royalties to Broadwell for the design , but in Germany the Krupp company stolen it and used it for free .
The ring sits in a recess at the rear end of the bore , and abuts against a flat plate . When the gun is fired , the rapidly expanding gases produced by the combustion of gunpowder force the Broadwell Ring against the plate , sealing the end of the bore against escape and directing the full force of the explosion toward propelling the bullet .
The Broadwell ring is readily removed and replaced for maintenance purposes .
In late 1870s-1880s it was superseded either by a plastic obturating ring from asbestos and grease invented by Charles Ragon de Bange or drawn brass cases , when like all other metallic obturators it became more liable to damage after the introduction of smokeless powder .
References
External links
MODERN ORDNANCE , A paper read Feb. 8 , 1882 , before the Society of Arts , London , By COLONEL MAITLAND
Artillery components
Mikhaylovka ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative centre of Mikhaylovsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 117 as of 2010 .
Geography
It is located 18 km from Bakaly .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The 2017 Georgia Southern Eagles baseball team represented the Georgia Southern Eagles in the 2017 NCAA Division I baseball season . The Eagles played their home games at J. I. Clements Stadium .
Schedule and results
Georgia Southern announced its 2017 football schedule on October 20 , 2016 . The 2017 schedule consisted of 29 home and 27 away games in the regular season . The Eagles hosted Sun Belts foes Appalachian State , Arkansas State , Little Rock , Louisiana–Monroe , and South Alabama and will travel to Coastal Carolina , Georgia State , Louisiana–Lafayette , Texas–Arlington Mavericks , and Troy .
The 2017 Sun Belt Conference Championship was contested May 24–28 in Statesboro , Georgia , and was hosted by the Eagles .
Georgia Southern finished 3rd in the east division of the conference which qualified the Eagles to compete in the tournament as the 5th seed for the team 's 1st Sun Belt Conference tournament title .
Rankings are based on the team 's current ranking in the Collegiate Baseball poll .
References
Georgia Southern
Georgia Southern Eagles baseball seasons
The olive straightbill ( Timeliopsis fulvigula ) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae .
It is found in the highlands of New Guinea .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
olive straightbill
Birds of New Guinea
olive straightbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Millville Football & Athletic Club also known as the Millville Big Blue was a professional football team based in Millville , New Jersey from 1921 until around 1928 . The team won the mythical `` Pro Football Championship of New Jersey '' in 1923 and again in 1925 .
At end of the 1925 , several members of the Big Blue traveled to Florida to play a series of exhibition games . After a game against the Tampa Cardinals , a team put together by the legendary Jim Thorpe , they took the name Haven-Villa of Winter Haven . During their time in Florida , the Big Blue comprised a 5-0-1 record .
Pro Football Hall of Fame
Guy Chamberlin
Other notable players
Punk Berryman
Rae Crowther
Leo Douglass
Gyp Downey
Carroll `` Ginny '' Gooch
Two-Bits Homan
Ben Jones
Elmer McCormick
Dinty Moore
Daddy Potts
Swede Youngstrom
References
Millville Football & Athletic Club
Millville Football & Athletic Club PFRA
Early professional American football teams in New Jersey
American football teams established in 1921
American football teams disestablished in 1928
Defunct American football teams in New Jersey
1921 establishments in New Jersey
1928 disestablishments in New Jersey
Taiji Cave ( ) is a karst cave located on Shilong Mountain ( ) in Guangde County , Xuancheng City , Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China , where the provinces of Jiangsu , Zhejiang and Anhui meet . Ming Dynasty writer and poet Feng Menglong described the cave as one of the `` Four Absolutes Under Heaven '' ( 天下四绝 Tīanxià Sìjué ) . It is also considered a primary `` Place of Enlightenment '' ( 道教道场 Dàojiào Dàochǎng ) by Taoists , similar to the Bodhimanda of Buddhism . The 200-million-year-old cave is divided into dry and wet layers representing the yin and yang of Chinese philosophy .
In February 2004 , the Chinese State Council included the cave on its fifth list of National Scenic Attractions . It is also a 4A rated National Tourism Area .
Overview
At in length and covering a surface area of , Taiji Cave is the largest natural limestone cave in East China . The cave 's first chamber extends to and has a height of . To date nineteen separate chambers have been opened to visitors . There are more than 160 features inside the cave , including the `` Ten Large Landscapes '' ( 十大景观 Shí Dà Jǐngguān ) .
By boat it is possible to explore the water-filled level of the cave where there are many unusual rock formations .
The `` Ten Large Landscapes ''
These interior features of the cave are largely based on their resemblance to other objects . Some are individual rock formations , whilst others are groups .
Lord Laozi ( 太上老君 Tàishàng Lǎojūn )
Dripping Water Penetrates Stone ( 滴水穿石 Dīshuĭ Chuānshí )
Luxuriant Old Tree ( 槐荫古树 Huáiyìn Gŭshù )
Capsized Boat of the Immortals ( 仙舟覆挂 Xiān Zhōu Fùguà )
Twin Heavenly Towers ( 双塔凌霄 Shuāng Tǎ Língxiāo )
Golden Dragon Coiled around Jade Pillar ( 金龙盘柱 Jīnlóng Pán Zhù )
Yellow Mountain of the Cave ( 洞中黄山 Dòngzhōng Huángshān )
Chamber of the Myriad Rock Formations ( 万象揽胜 Wànxiàng Lǎn Shèng )
Mural of the Supreme Ultimate ( 太极壁画 Tàijí Bìhuà )
Stalactite of Heaven 's Eye ( 壶天极目 Hú Tiānjí Mù )
Local places of interest
Dotted around the cave there are many places of historic interest including the `` Hidden Dragon Bridge '' ( 卧龙桥 Wòlóng Qiáo ) where Emperor Guangwu ( 5 BCE–29 CE ) took refuge during the Han Dynasty , the military command platform ( 将军台 Jiāngjūn Tái ) of General Lu Meng ( 178–220 CE ) and the `` Sabre Gorge Stone '' ( ) of Song Dynasty patriot Yue Fei ( 1103–1142 CE ) . Outside the cave lies the Inkstone Lake ( 砚池湖 Yànchí Hú ) , said to be the location where Song Dynasty politician and writer Fan Zhongyan washed their inkstone .
References
Caves of Anhui
Karst caves
Karst formations of China
Show caves in China
Tourist attractions in Anhui
Richard Betts Scudder ( May 13 , 1913 – July 11 , 2012 ) was an American newspaper pioneer , newspaper publisher , journalist , and co-founder of the MediaNews Group , the second largest newspaper company in the United States . They served as MediaNews ' chairperson from 1985 until 2009 .
Scudder is also considered an innovator and pioneer of newspaper recycling . They founded the Garden State Paper Company , which later became one of the world 's largest newspaper recycling companies .
Biography
Scudder was born to Edward Wallace Scudder and Katherine Hollifield Scudder , on May 13 , 1913 , in Newark , New Jersey .
Scudder graduated from the Loomis Chaffee School before attaining a bachelor 's degree in Economics with honors from Princeton University in 1935 . They enlisted in the U.S. Army during World War II and served within Operation Annie , an Allied German-language counter-propaganda radio station . Scudder earned the rank of Major and the Bronze Star . In 1944 , they married Elizabeth Shibley . Scudder returned to New Jersey from Europe in 1946 and became reporter at the Boston Herald , followed by a journalist position for the Newark Evening News , which their grandfather had founded in 1883 . They later became the paper 's publisher from 1952 until its closure in 1972 . By then , the Scudder family had already sold the paper to Media General , in 1970 .
In 1983 , Scudder partnered with William Dean Singleton to purchase the Gloucester County Times . The South Jersey daily newspaper , which had a daily circulation of approximately 26,000 at the time , would become the first newspaper of the duo 's MediaNews Group . Scudder and Singleton , who had been friends before they became business partners , soon purchased other newspapers - four in California and four in Ohio , financed largely by Scudder . Today , MediaNews , a privately held company , owns such major papers as The Denver Post , The Detroit News , The Oakland Tribune , The San Jose Mercury News and The El Paso Times . Overall , MediaNews has 57 daily newspapers in 11 states with a combined circulation of 2.3 million , making it the nation 's second-largest newspaper company after the Gannett Company . MediaNews ' combined , nationwide circulation stands at 2.3 million , which are published by 57 daily newspapers nationwide . MediaNews also owns 122 nondaily newspapers in nine states . Scudder served as MediaNews ' chairperson from 1985 until 2009 ; since 2010 Singleton is the company 's executive board chairperson .
Scudder died at their home in the Navesink section of Middletown , New Jersey , on July 11 , 2012 , at the age of 99 . Their wife Elizabeth died at 84 in 2003 . Scudder was survived by one son , three daughters , eight grandchildren , several grand-nieces and nephews , and a few cousins and close extended family members .
Ancestry
Scudder was named for Richard Betts Scudder , an ancestor who fought in the French and Indian War . Another ancestor , Colonel Nathaniel Scudder , was one of two delegates from New Jersey who signed the Articles of Confederation .
In September 1883 , Scudder 's grandfather , Wallace M. Scudder , founded the former Newark Evening News . Scudder 's father , Edward Wallace Scudder , operated the newspaper .
Eight generations of Scudders have graduated from Princeton , starting with a member of the school 's first class . According to its alumni department , the Scudders are Princeton 's largest alumni family . A small sample includes U.S. Rep. John A. Scudder ( 1775 ) , Rev . John Scudder M.D . ( 1811 ) , Edward Wallace Scudder I ( 1841 ) Hon . George Drake Scudder ( 1876 ) , Edward W. Scudder II ( 1903 ) , Charles Damarin Scudder I ( 1907 ) , Charles Damarin Scudder II ( 1935 ) , and Charles Damarin Scudder III ( 1963 ) , and brother Edward Wallace Scudder III ( 1935 ) . Richard Scudder 's son and multiple grand kids have attended Princeton University . Richard B. Scudder ( 1935 ) , and Edward W. Scudder ( 1935 ) , together made the gift for Scudder Plaza in honor of their father , Edward Wallace Scudder ( 1903 ) .
References
1913 births
2012 deaths
American newspaper executives
American newspaper chain founders
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
Princeton University alumni
United States Army personnel of World War II
Businesspeople from Newark , New Jersey
People from Middletown Township , New Jersey
People of the United States Office of War Information
United States Army officers
20th-century American businesspeople
Military personnel from New Jersey
The 50th World Rowing Junior Championships were the 50th edition and were held from 24 to 28 August 2016 at the Willem-Alexander Baan in Rotterdam , Netherlands in conjunction with the World Rowing Championships and the World Rowing U23 Championships .
Medal summary
Men 's events
Women 's events
See also
Rowing at the 2016 Summer Olympics
2016 World Rowing Championships
2016 World Rowing U23 Championships
References
External links
Official website
WorldRowing website
2016
Junior
International sports competitions hosted by the Netherlands
Sports competitions in Rotterdam
2016 in Dutch sport
2016 in rowing
August 2016 sports events in Europe
Xenosoma oratesina is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Paul Dognin in 1916 . It is found in Ecuador , Peru and Bolivia ( Vincent & Laguerre , 2014 ) .
References
Arctiinae
Todirostrum is a genus of Neotropical birds in the New World flycatcher family Tyrannidae .
Taxonomy and species list
The genus Todirostrum was erected in 1831 by the French naturalist René Lesson . The type species was designated as the common tody-flycatcher by George Robert Gray in 1840 . The name combines the genus Todus introduced by Mathurin Jacques Brisson in 1760 with the Latin rostrum meaning `` bill '' .
It contains the following seven species :
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by René Lesson
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
In enzymology , a maltose epimerase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
alpha-maltose beta-maltose
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , alpha-maltose , and one product , beta-maltose .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives . The systematic name of this enzyme class is maltose 1-epimerase .
References
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
Sam Battle may refer to :
Samuel J . Battle - American police office , parole , commissioner and porter
Sam Battle - aka Look Mum No Computer , a youtuber , electronics wiz and musician .
is a railway station on the Uetsu Main Line in the city of Agano , Niigata , Japan , operated by East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) . It is the main train station for the city of Agano .
Lines
Suibara Station is served by the Uetsu Main Line and is 10.2 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Niitsu Station .
Station layout
The station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms serving two tracks with the platforms connected by a footbridge . However , only one of the platforms is in normal use , and serves bi-directional traffic . The station has a `` Midori no Madoguchi '' staffed ticket office .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Suibara Station opened on 2 September 1912 . With the privatization of Japanese National Railways ( JNR ) on 1 April 1987 , the station came under the control of JR East .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2017 , the station was used by an average of 787 passengers daily ( boarding passengers only ) .
Surrounding area
Agano City Hall
Agano Post Office
Niigata Prefectural Agano High School
Agano Elementary School
Suibara Elementary School
Suibara Magistrate 's Office
Lake Hyōko
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Railway stations in Niigata Prefecture
Uetsu Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1912
Agano , Niigata
Charles Darnay , Charles D'Aulnais or Charles St. Evrémonde is a fictional character in the 1859 novel A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens .
Overview
Darnay is a wealthy gentleman who spends time in both France and England during the time of the story . However , they resent how the lower classes are extorted and kept in extreme poverty by the upper class . Darnay specifically resents the views of their uncle , Marquis St. Evrémonde , who has no respect for the people in poverty . They abandon their own family name in favor of their mother 's , D'Aulnais , which they later alters to `` Darnay '' ; relocating to London , they find work as a tutor of French language and literature .
Darnay is put on trial for treason against the Kingdom of Great Britain , but the key eyewitness testimony against them is undermined when their defense counsel directs attention to Sydney Carton , a barrister who has been assisting in the case . The two men bear a strong resemblance to one another , and Darnay is acquitted as a result . Later , Darnay succeeds their uncle as Marquis when the latter is stabbed to death in their sleep by a French revolutionary . Both Darnay and Carton express their love for Lucie Manette , but Darnay courts and marries them
As the French Revolution begins , Darnay is arrested and brought before a tribunal , where the crimes of their uncle and father are brought to light . They are sentenced to death by guillotine , and bravely accepts their fate . However , Carton then takes their place ( rendering Darnay unconscious so that they can not refuse their help ) so that they and their family can escape .
Later , Lucie and Charles have a son whom they call Sydney in honour of their friend .
Cinematic and theatrical portrayals
In the 1935 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film adaptation , Charles Darnay is portrayed by Donald Woods .
In the 1958 The Rank Organisation film adaptation , Charles Darnay is portrayed by Paul Guers .
In the 1989 Masterpiece Theatre television adaptation , Charles Darnay is played by Xavier Deluc .
In the 2008 Broadway musical/play adaptation of A Tale of Two Cities , Charles Darnay is played by Aaron Lazar .
External links
`` Cliffnotes '' article on Charles Darnay
SparkNotes : A Tale of Two Cities : Character List
Literary characters introduced in 1859
A Tale of Two Cities characters
Fictional marquesses and marchionesses
Fictional French people in literature
Characters in British novels
Male characters in film
Male characters in literature
Fictional people sentenced to death
Events from the year 1561 in Ireland .
Incumbent
Monarch : Elizabeth I
Events
June 8 – the Earl of Sussex , Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , proclaims Shane O'Neill a traitor and begins a campaign against them which continues until 1567 .
July 18 – Battle of the Red Sagums : Shane O'Neill destroys much of Sussex 's withdrawing army .
c. July – English troops garrison Armagh Cathedral .
September – Sussex makes an unsuccessful expedition to Lough Foyle .
Elizabeth I of England introduces a higher standard of silver coinage for Ireland .
Births
Risdeard Ó Conchubhair , scribe and physician ( d. 1625 )
Donal Cam O'Sullivan Beare , clan chief ( d. 1618 )
Deaths
Sir John Alan , lawyer and statesman ( b. c.1500 )
Naisse mac Cithruadh , musician ( drowned on Lough Gill )
References
1560s in Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
The Vũng Tàu Charter ( Hiến chương Vũng Tàu ) was a provisional new constitution for South Vietnam which was introduced on the 16 August 1964 by General Nguyễn Khánh . It was known as the Vũng Tàu Charter from Khanh 's preferred coastal residence in Vũng Tàu .
The constitution led to the Buddhist crisis , large scale protests in the country led by Buddhist groups , as the constitution reduced civilian representation in the government , gave Khanh the President 's role and would have allowed press censorship . This led President Johnson to state that South Vietnam would have to show signs of political cohesion and stability before there would be military intervention against the North .
References
Vietnam War
1964 in Vietnam
Political charters
1964 documents
Zhongtan Road ( ) is the name of a station on Shanghai Metro Line 3 and Line 4 . It 's near Tanziwan , a river Bay on Suzhou Creek .
The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to , and Line 4 service began here on the final day of 2005 .
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Putuo District
Line 3 , Shanghai Metro
Line 4 , Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
Lawrence 's thrush ( Turdus lawrencii ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela . Described in 1878 by George N. Lawrence as Turdus brunneus , a name that was already in use ( by Brewer , 1852 and used for Turdus rufescens ) the species was therefore renamed as Turdus lawrencii by Elliott Coues in 1880 . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical swamps .
References
Lawrence 's thrush
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Lawrence 's thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2010 census , it has a population of 36,031 . Its county seat is Dixon .
The Dixon , IL Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Lee County .
History
The area 's first non-native settlers were mostly from the six New England states . The early nineteenth century saw a wave of westward movement from New England , due largely to completion of the Erie Canal and the end of the Black Hawk War .
The area that included present-day Lee County was delineated as St. Clair County in 1809 . In 1823 , a large section of northern St. Clair County was partitioned off as Fulton County . In 1825 , the northwestern portion of that county was partitioned off as Putnam County . In 1831 , the area was further partitioned into Jo Daviess County . A section of that county was partitioned off in 1836 as Ogle County , and in 1839 the bottom half of Ogle County was split off as Lee County . It is largely understood that the county 's name honors `` Lighthorse Harry '' Lee , an officer in the American Revolutionary War . An alternative theory suggests the name honors Richard Henry Lee , a member of the Continental Congress ( the Declaration of Independence was adopted pursuant to the Lee Resolution ) .
President Ronald Reagan lived in Dixon as a boy and attended Dixon High School .
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.6 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Ogle County – north
DeKalb County – east
LaSalle County - southeast , south
Bureau County – south , southwest
Whiteside County – west
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Dixon have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1999 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936 . Average monthly precipitation ranges from in February to in June .
Major highways
Interstate 39
Interstate 88
U.S. Highway 30
U.S. Highway 51
U.S. Highway 52
Illinois Route 2
Illinois Route 26
Illinois Route 38
Illinois Route 110
Illinois Route 251
Other features
Green River Ordnance Plant
Mendota Hills Wind Farm
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 36,031 people , 13,758 households , and 9,064 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 15,049 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.9 % white , 4.8 % black or African American , 0.7 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 1.9 % from other races , and 1.5 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 38.0 % were German , 18.8 % were Irish , 8.4 % were English , and 8.2 % were American .
Of the 13,758 households , 30.0 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.2 % were married couples living together , 10.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 34.1 % were non-families , and 28.8 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.94 . The median age was 42.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 48,502 and the median income for a family was $ 60,759 . Males had a median income of $ 42,114 versus $ 30,920 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,440 . About 7.6 % of families and 9.6 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.8 % of those under age 18 and 6.5 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Amboy
Dixon ( county seat )
Villages
Ashton
Compton
Franklin Grove
Harmon
Lee
Nelson
Paw Paw
Steward
Sublette
West Brooklyn
Unincorporated communities
Binghampton
The Burg
Townships
Alto
Amboy
Ashton
Bradford
Brooklyn
Dixon
East Grove
Franklin Grove
Hamilton
Harmon
Lee Center
Marion
May
Nachusa
Nelson
Palmyra
Reynolds
South Dixon
Sublette
Viola
Willow Creek
Wyoming
Politics
Lee County is , together with neighboring Ogle County , the most consistently Republican county in Illinois . It is one of very few counties in the United States to have never supported a Democrat for President since the Civil War . The only occasion when the Republican candidate did not win the county in this time was in 1912 , when Theodore Roosevelt carried it while running as a member of the Progressive Party , unofficially known as the `` Bull Moose '' party .
As of 2018 , Lee County is in the 16th congressional district , the 45th legislative district , and the 74th and 90th representative districts .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lee County , Illinois
Notes
References
External links
County Name
Alternate version of County Name
Illinois State Archives
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
Bharat Oman Refineries Limited ( BORL ) which is under the ownership of Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas of the government of India . It owns and operates Bina Refinery , located at Bina in the Bina-etawa district of the state of Madhya Pradesh in India . The company was incorporated as a joint venture between Bharat Petroleum Corporation ( BPCL ) and Oman Oil Company Ltd ( now OQ ) . Since 2021 , it is a wholly owned subsidiary of BPCL . The Bina Refinery was commissioned in 11 May 2011 with an annual capacity of 6 million tonnes . The capacity of the refinery was further enhanced to 7.8 million tonnes per year in 2018 .
History
Bharat Oman Refineries Limited ( BORL ) was incorporated in 1994 as a public limited company with equal equity participation of Bharat Petroleum and Oman Oil Company Ltd ( now OQ ) . Work on the refinery at Bina however began only in 2006 . The project faced significant delays on account of environmental clearances and poor infrastructure and suffered from severe cost overruns that saw its cost of establishment increasing from a budgeted 6,300 crore to 91 billion . Following these delays and cost overruns , the Omani company initially dropped out of the project but subsequently decided to be a minority stakeholder in the project holding 26 % equity . The refinery which was to have been commissioned in 2009 was finally inaugurated in May 2011 by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . One percent of the plant 's equity is held by the Government of Madhya Pradesh . The refinery is expected to create 5,000 jobs for Local peoples of district who comes to its criteria after then state so that they boost tax revenues for the state government .
Capacity
The BORL refinery has a current installed capacity of processing 7.8 million tonnes of crude oil per annum ( MTPA ) or 156,000 barrels per day . The refinery also consists of a naphtha hydrotreater , a catalytic reformer to produce gasoline , a hydrocracker , a diesel hydrotreater and a delayed coker . The capacity at the refinery is to be augmented to 7.8 MTPA and is to reach a final capacity of 15 MTPA by 2022–23 . Refinery has consistently delivered environmentally compliant products since its inception , qualities of some of the products are better than the upcoming BS VI specifications envisaged through Auto Fuel Policy . BORL is a future ready refinery and the debottlenecking project will further strengthen refinery configuration to deliver premium quality fuel in line with stringent norms of the country . Exports of naphtha from the refinery began in 2012 . The plant is equipped to produce Euro III and Euro IV petroleum products and is capable of producing Euro V petroleum products with minimal additional investment .
Pipelines
The Bina refinery uses a single point mooring system at Vadinar in Gujarat to facilitate the unloading of imported crude oil from large crude carriers . The crude is transported through a 935-km long pipeline from Vadinar to Bina . The products of the refinery are then transported through the 257- km Bina-Kota pipeline where it joins the Mumbai-Manmad-Bijwasan pipeline to reach the markets of North India .
Consolidation
The government decided to consolidate the businesses of BPCL before privatization . On 31 March 2021 , BPCL announced that it had signed an agreement to acquire a 36.6 % stake held by OQ ( formerly known as Oman Oil Company ) for giving it complete control over Bharat Oman Refinery Limited .
References
External links
Bharat Oman Refineries Limited
Companies based in Madhya Pradesh
Sagar district
Indian companies established in 1994
Energy in Madhya Pradesh
Energy companies established in 1994
1994 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Majid al-Shibl ( 1935 – May 11 , 2016 ) , original name Muhammad al-Shibil , was a prominent Saudi announcer who introduced several programs and variety .
Illness
In 1999 suffered a stroke entered the hospital and released , King Fahd bin Abdulaziz decision treatment are at the King Faisal Specialist Hospital recovered from Geltth and returned media work for a brief period , but the symptoms of the disease and old age weary too much , leaving the media work during the year 2000 .
Death
They died on Wednesday , May 11 , 2016 after a long illness at the age of 81 years .
References
External links
Majid al-Shibl : the voice of the real Broadcaster !
Biography Majid al-Shibil
Majid al-Shibil « Riyadh » : my preoccupation media estranged for the collection of my poems
1935 births
2016 deaths
People from Al-Qassim Province
Saudi Arabian media personalities
Wallace Richard Wirths ( 7 July 1921 – 6 July 2002 ) , was a former Westinghouse executive , politician , author , newspaper columnist and radio commentator , who was a benefactor of Upsala College in East Orange , New Jersey .
Biography
Born in Englewood , New Jersey on 7 July 1921 , Wirths attended Lehigh University in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania and served in the United States Navy during peacetime . In 1957 , Wirths moved to Wantage Township , in Sussex County , in northwestern New Jersey where they became active in local politics . The author of three books , Wirths wrote a column for The New Jersey Herald and was a frequent conservative radio commentator , with their segment `` Wally Wirths Candidly Speaking '' on WSUS . They were a public relations executive with Westinghouse Corporation until their retirement in 1979 .
Wirths Campus of Upsala College
Before it closed in 1995 , Upsala College operated a satellite campus in Wantage Township which it named the `` Wirths Campus . '' Wirths donated their family 's farm to the college in 1978 . The school had considered moving to Sussex County as East Orange 's crime problem and social conditions deteriorated in the 1970s but chose to remain committed to East Orange . However , declining enrollment and financial difficulties forced the school to close . The Wirths family bought back their farm in Wantage from the college for $ 75,000 .
Wirths received an honorary doctor of law degree from Upsala College .
Personal life
Wirths died on 6 July 2002 from complications of a stroke they suffered in 1996 . They were buried in Clove Cemetery in Wantage .
One of Wirths ' four adopted sons is New Jersey politician Harold J. Wirths , the state 's current commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development .
Works
1985 : Democracy : Panacea or Pandemonium
1993 : Democracy -- The Myth , the Reality : A Primer on the True Nature of Our Democratic Republic
1996 : The Human Race Stinks : Perspectives of an Iconoclast
References
People from Sussex County , New Jersey
New Jersey Republicans
County commissioners in New Jersey
American radio personalities
1921 births
2002 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American male writers
Michael Radau ( 1617-1687 ) was a Prussian priest , Jesuit and theologian . They were a professor of rhetoric in the Braniewo collegium around 1641 . Later they resided in Königsberg ( around 1654 to 1675 ) .
Works
They are known for their Orator extemporeneus ( 1672 ) .
References
1617 births
1687 deaths
17th-century German Jesuits
German male writers
Clergy from Königsberg
Boots is the debut studio album by Nancy Sinatra , released by Reprise Records on March 15 , 1966 . Arranged and conducted by Billy Strange , the album was produced by Lee Hazlewood . It peaked at number 5 on the Billboard 200 chart . It includes `` These Boots Are Made for Walkin ' '' , which topped the Billboard Hot 100 chart and the UK Singles Chart .
Although not credited , Sinatra was backed by members of the Wrecking Crew on the recordings . It was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales for 500,000 copies in November of that year .
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
1966 debut albums
Nancy Sinatra albums
Albums arranged by Billy Strange
Albums conducted by Billy Strange
Albums produced by Lee Hazlewood
Reprise Records albums
Sundazed Records albums
Sir Winfried Franz Wilhelm `` Win '' Bischoff ( born 10 May 1941 ) is an Anglo-German banker and former chairperson of Lloyds Banking Group . They previously served as chairperson and interim CEO of Citigroup in 2007 . They were succeeded as CEO by Vikram Pandit on 11 December 2007 . Bischoff stepped down as chairperson on 23 February 2009 and was replaced by Richard Parsons . They have dual British and German citizenship .
Bischoff was knighted in 2000 .
Early life and education
They were born in Aachen , Germany and had an early education in Cologne and
Düsseldorf . In 1955 they moved to Johannesburg where they received a Bachelor of Commerce degree at the University of the Witwatersrand in 1961 .
Career
They worked in the International Department of Chase Manhattan Bank from 1962 to 1963 .
They joined J. Henry Schroder & Co. Limited in London in 1966 in its Company Finance Division . In 1971 they became Managing Director of Schroders Asia Limited in Hong Kong . They became Group Chief Executive of Schroders plc in December 1984 , when Schroders was worth £30 million . They became chairperson in May 1995 . In 2000 the investment banking division of the company was acquired for £1.3 billion by Citi through its Smith Barney subsidiary .
They joined Citi as chairperson of Citigroup Europe and was a member of The Operating Committee of Citigroup Inc. , a position they held until appointed chairperson in November 2007 . They are a non-executive director at S & P Global , Eli Lilly and Company , Land Securities , Akbank and Prudential .
On 27 July 2009 , they were appointed as chairperson designate of Lloyds Banking Group and took up the position of chairperson on 15 September 2009 . They held this position until their retirement on 3 April 2014 .
Between May 2014 and October 2019 they were chairperson of the UK Financial Reporting Council .
They are a member of the 30 % Club , a group of FTSE-100 Chairmen committed to having at least 30 % of their Boardmembers being female .
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
People from Aachen
German chairpersons of corporations
German expatriates in South Africa
German expatriates in the United Kingdom
British chairpersons of corporations
Citigroup people
Eli Lilly and Company people
Knights Bachelor
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
Chairmen of Lloyds Banking Group
Schroders people
Giuseppe Pinto ( born 26 May 1952 ) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church who worked in the diplomatic service of the Holy See . They served as an Apostolic Nuncio from 2001 until their retirement in 2020 . They joined the diplomatic service of the Holy See in 1984 .
Biography
Giuseppe Pinto was born in Noci , Italy , on 26 May 1952 .
To prepare for a diplomatic career they entered the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy in 1980 . They joined the diplomatic service of the Holy See on 1 May 1984 .
On 4 December 2001 , Pope John Paul II appointed them Apostolic Delegate to Mauritania and Apostolic Nuncio to Senegal , at the same time naming them titular archbishop of Anglona . On 5 February 2002 , they were also appointed Apostolic Nuncio to Cape Verde and Mali . On 5 March they were appointed Nuncio to Guinea-Bissau .
Pope Benedict XVI appointed them Apostolic Nuncio to Chile on 6 December 2007 .
On 10 May 2011 , they were appointed Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines .
On 1 July 2017 , Pope Francis appointed them as Apostolic Nuncio to Croatia .
In 2018 , a lawsuit against the Archdiocese of Santiago made public an email message written to Pinto in 2009 by Archbishop Francisco Javier Errázuriz , in which Errázuriz admitted to Pinto that had not followed the proper procedures for handling allegations of sexual abuse against Fernando Karadima , a priest at the centre of the sex abuse crisis in Chile .
They were replaced in Croatia in 2019 , and Pope Francis accepted their resignation as nuncio on 31 July 2020 .
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
1952 births
Living people
Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy alumni
Apostolic Nuncios to Croatia
Apostolic Nuncios to Senegal
Apostolic Nuncios to Mauritania
Apostolic Nuncios to Cape Verde
Apostolic Nuncios to Mali
Apostolic Nuncios to Chile
Apostolic Nuncios to Guinea-Bissau
Apostolic Nuncios to the Philippines
Isabella Holland ( born 2 January 1992 ) is an Australian former professional tennis player .
Career
Holland 's preferred surfaces are clay and hardcourt .
Them highest WTA singles ranking of world No . 179 they reached on 5 December 2011 . Them highest WTA doubles ranking is 277 , which they achieved on 27 February 2012 .
In 2008 , Holland reached the final of the girls ' doubles at Wimbledon partnering Sally Peers , losing to Polona Hercog and Jessica Moore 3–6 , 6–1 , 2–6 .
ITF Circuit finals
Singles : 6 ( 2 titles , 4 runner–ups )
Doubles : 8 ( 3–5 )
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Tennis players from Brisbane
Moyet is a brand of cognac and a company . The Moyet house was founded in 1864 by Euthrope Moyet , a vine grower and a distiller . An unusual aspect of the history of Moyet is that it has had only three cellar masters since it was founded in 1864 , with the founder working until 1918 and the founder 's apprentice working until 1978 . This continuity is said to give the house a unique philosophy and style , particularly with regard to maintaining the very highest traditional standards .
Cognac Moyet is served on several airlines , including SAS .
Cognac Moyet is situated in Cognac , France .
External links
Cognac Moyet – Company website
Cognac
Distilleries in France
Ed Mularchyk is a former award winning Canadian Football League player .
Mularchyk played with Windsor AKO Fratmen , helping win the national Junior championship in 1954 ( against the Winnipeg Rods ) . They played one season with the Ottawa Rough Riders and won the Gruen Trophy as Canadian rookie of the year in the east , though there was some controversy surrounding their selection . They later attended the University of Western Ontario , playing football and becoming and ophthalmologist .
References
1933 births
1992 deaths
Sportspeople from Windsor , Ontario
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Canadian Football League Rookie of the Year Award winners
University of Western Ontario alumni
Western Mustangs football players
William Peyton Cobb served as the 30th Secretary of State of Alabama from 1919 to 1923 .
Cobb was born on January 1 , 1880 . In 1900 , they graduated from Troy Normal College , now known as Troy University and graduated from Law School at the University of Alabama in 1905 .
They died on July 23 , 1963 .
References
1880 births
1963 deaths
Alabama Democrats
Korey Kot is a village of Pakistan in district Sargodha near Tehsil Kot Momin . Its population is about ten thousand . Korey and Koot were two ancient tribes who lived in this village centuries ago . Legend has it that the village was inundated by river Chenab as it used to flow by the village then . The ancestors of village came from village naseerpur a settlement existing since 1150 AD . .
Ranjha رانجھا , Tarars , Dahar ڈار , Haral , and Gondal are the main tribes but Ranjha is the dominant and most numerous landowning tribe in the village . Village has a number of educated people who are serving the nation as Army Officers , Teachers , Lawyers , Bureaucrats and progressive farmers etc.The village has seen massive transformation mostly in agriculture and infrastructural projects and is now considered one of best developed villages served with five roads , rural hospital , boys high school , girls middle school . Korey Kot has fertile land and is well known for its Kinno ( a type of orange ) production . Majority of the population belongs to Sunni Muslim sect . Though this village has a large number of educated people yet they are still engaged in medieval-era-like turf wars but situation is improving on fast rate due to heavy investment by people in education of their children . Demographically , the village comprises three major social classes , i.e . landowning class , landless peasants and Kamwalas -- -- those who do minor jobs . In fact , this village is a microcosm of the wider class based Pakistani culture . Moreover , shrine of Baba Shah Manzoor , a famous mystic who is said to have gone under the earth alive along with a female follower , is also located in this village . Shah Muhammad Muslim Sheikh , a famous folk singer , was also born in this village . Numberdars , Sukhe Ke , Ghulam Ke , Salihon Ke and Amirke are respected families , as well more land-owing ones . Until recently this Punjabi waar used to be sung in local gatherings but due to busy pace of life nobody finds time to organise such events any longer . Apart from this , the village is just five Kilometers away from Takht Hazara , a village , where `` Dheedhu Ranjha '' the most famous character of `` Heer Ranjha '' story was born . Likewise , Bhehra , the first line of defence of Mughal and Sultanate dynasties of India against foreign invaders such as Greek and Persians , is also a few kilometres away from the village . So , `` Alexander the Great '' and Nadir Shah of Iran must have passed by the village when they invaded India but no claim to the resistance of locals to foreign invaders can be made due to unavailability of historical record .
Note to the upcoming editors :
( The so-called editor if it has courage must give true identity do n't use Einstein type gimmicks and then it will be seen who has the problem with first edition ) . It 's a known fact that village was established by ch Dhan Muhammad and the honour of developing it also lies with their great grandchildren . Allah rewards with honour only those whom they want , burning while sitting and doing nothing for people is job of inglorious blood . The true sons of village r known to everyone and with Allah ' s blessings every day brings them with more honourable happenings .
Populated places in Sargodha District
Ortwin Sam Schneider-Freyermuth ( born November 1958 ) is a German American video game executive , entertainment lawyer and film producer . They currently hold the position of co-founder ( together with Chris Roberts ) , vice-chairperson and general counsel of Cloud Imperium Games . They are also known for having been the CEO of film production company Capella Films and for producing the 1997 director 's cut version of Wolfgang Petersen 's Das Boot .
Biography
Ortwin Freyermuth studied law at the University of Göttingen and at the University of California , Los Angeles , where they completed their Master degree with a thesis on film distribution and copyright law in 1986 . In the early 1990s , they were part of a group of German film producers who pioneered a new business model , acquiring the production and distribution rights for several Hollywood films with both financial and popular success . After having previously served as a legal advisor to Chris Roberts ' Ascendant Pictures and other production companies , they founded Cloud Imperium Games with Roberts in April 2012 to create the video game Star Citizen .
Freyermuth is the brother of German journalist and author Gundolf S. Freyermuth .
Academic works
Filmography
Producer
1991 : Shattered ( co-producer )
1991 : The Nutt House ( executive producer )
1993 : The Real McCoy ( executive producer )
1993 : Carlito 's Way ( executive producer )
1994 : Body Shot ( executive producer )
1997 : Das Boot ( producer – director 's cut )
2011 : The Ledge ( executive producer )
Legal services
1988 : Burning Secret ( special consultant )
1990 : The NeverEnding Story II : The Next Chapter ( production executive )
2003 : 11:14 ( additional legal services )
2003 : Monster ( legal services – as Ortwin Freyermuth Esq . )
2005 : Havoc ( legal services )
2005 : Lord of War ( legal advisor : Ascendant Pictures )
2006 : Ask the Dust ( legal services : Freyermuth & Associates )
2006 : Lucky Number Slevin ( legal services : Freyermuth & Associates , Inc. – as Ortwin Freyermuth Esq . )
2013 : 2 Guns ( financing legal services : Freyermuth & Associates , Inc. for Foresight Unlimited – as Ortwin Freyermuth Esq . )
References
External links
`` How indie film financing could shape the future of games '' by Ortwin Freyermuth
American film producers
California lawyers
Entertainment lawyers
German film producers
UCLA School of Law alumni
American chief executives
Living people
1958 births
German emigrants to the United States
Tenmile Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington . It is a tributary of the Snake River .
Tenmile Creek was named from its distance , over pioneer roads from Lewiston , Idaho .
See also
List of rivers of Washington
References
Rivers of Asotin County , Washington
Rivers of Washington ( state )
The 32nd Cavalry Division was formed in 1938 in the Kiev Military District from the 1st Zaporozhe Cossack Cavalry Division .
Wartime Service
Invasion of Poland
The division participated in the Invasion of Poland . It was assigned to the Ukrainian Front 's Cavalry Group .
World War II
Assigned to the 9th Rifle Corps in the Crimea the division had been undergoing amphibious training before the war started . On 10 July 1941 the division left for Gomel , leaving its assigned tank regiment behind , and was assigned to the 21st Army . The division commander took command of the one of the first 'Cavalry Groups ' of the war . In July and August 1941 the group and the division raided into the rear areas and flanks of the German 2nd Army and 2nd Panzer Group south of Smolensk . During this raid the division conducted a successful saber-swinging cavalry charge when they caught a German rear-echelon unit by surprise and overran it in a mounted attack .
In October–November 1941 the group and division operated along the flanks of the German attack towards Tula . In December 1941 the division was assigned to the 5th Cavalry Corps in December 1941 before the Corps was redesignated as the 3rd Guards Cavalry Corps on 26 December 1941 .
The division remained assigned to the 3rd Guards Cavalry Corps for the remainder of the war . On 10 November 1942 the division absorbed the remnants of the 47th Cavalry Division as replacements . In early 1943 the division was upgraded to the new cavalry standards . The division received the 207th Tank Regiment in June 1943 .
The division was disbanded in the summer of 1945 .
Subordinate units
22 June 1941
65th Cavalry Regiment
86th Cavalry Regiment
121st Cavalry Regiment
197th Cavalry Regiment
5th Tank Regiment ( T-38 and T-40 tanks )
June 1943
65th Cavalry Regiment
86th Cavalry Regiment
121st Cavalry Regiment
197th Cavalry Regiment
207th Tank Regiment
See also
Cavalry Divisions of the Soviet Union 1917–1945
References
032
Military units and formations established in 1938
032
Military units and formations disestablished in 1945
Emil Sigvardsen Lyng ( born 3 August 1989 ) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a winger and a forward .
Career
Lyng began their youth career playing for Kolding FC , but later moved to city rival Kolding IF and played there until they were picked up by AGF Aarhus . In January 2008 they were promoted to the AGF first team , but never got their Danish League debut for the club before they were sold to Lille OSC in the summer of 2008 . They made their senior debut for Lille on 18 October 2008 against Olympique Lyon . On 27 January 2010 Zulte Waregem signed the Danish forward on loan from Lille for 6 months .
On 7 February 2010 they got their debut at home against Club Bruges in the Jupiler League , playing as center forward . Lyng showed great composure in front of goal , as they headed their team into the lead . On 26 January 2011 , Emil Lyng joined Danish club FC Nordsjælland on loan for the rest of the 2010-11 season , making 4 appearances and scoring 1 goal .
Lyng was allowed to leave Lille on a free transfer during the 2011 summer transfer window to join Swiss side Lausanne-Sports , where they signed a two-year contract and was given the number 28 shirt . They subsequently played for Danish clubs Esbjerg fB and Silkeborg IF , and had a spell with Icelandic side KA , before moving to Scottish Championship side Dundee United on a short-term deal in January 2018 . They scored their first goal for their new club later that month in a Scottish Cup tie against Alloa Athletic , which United won 2-0 . Lyng was released in May 2018 , following the end of their contract .
On 23 January 2020 , Lyng joined Middelfart G & BK in the Danish 2nd Division . They announced their retirement from football after the 2020–21 season .
After their career , they became a football agent .
Career statistics
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Kolding
Danish footballers
Denmark under-21 international footballers
Danish expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Ligue 1 players
Belgian First Division A players
Danish Superliga players
Swiss Super League players
Úrvalsdeild karla ( football ) players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Kolding IF players
Aarhus Gymnastikforening players
Lille OSC players
S.V . Zulte Waregem players
FC Nordsjælland players
FC Lausanne-Sport players
Esbjerg fB players
Silkeborg IF players
Knattspyrnufélag Akureyrar players
Dundee United F.C . players
Szombathelyi Haladás footballers
Valur ( men 's football ) players
Middelfart Boldklub players
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Danish expatriate sportspeople in France
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Sportspeople from the Region of Southern Denmark
Association football agents
St Thomas ' Church ( , ) is a historical building in Strasbourg , eastern France . It is the main Lutheran church of the city since its cathedral became Catholic again after the annexation of the town by France in 1681 . It is nicknamed the `` Protestant Cathedral '' ( la cathédrale du Protestantisme alsacien , Kathedrale der Protestanten ) or the Old Lady ( Die alte Dame ) , and the only example of a hall church in the Alsace region . The building is located on the Route Romane d'Alsace . It is classified as a Monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture since 1862 . Its congregation forms part of the Protestant Church of Augsburg Confession of Alsace and Lorraine .
History
The site on which the current church stands was used as a place of worship under the patronage of Thomas the Apostle as early as the sixth century . In the ninth century , Bishop Adelochus established a magnificent church with adjoining school , however both burned down in 1007 , and again in 1144 . In 1196 , construction began on the façade of a new , fortress-like building with an imposing steeple , built in the Roman style . Interrupted several times , the building work was completed in 1521 , in the style of the late Gothic . Around 1450 , the church commissioned a set of oil on panel paintings dedicated to the Passion of Jesus . Most of the surviving panels of this once scattered set are now kept in the Staatliche Kunsthalle in Karlsruhe , which is why the anonymous master who painted them earned the notname of ″Master of the Karlsruhe Passion″ . It is assumed that they are identical with the painter Hans Hirtz , recorded in Strasbourg before 1460 . The upper right angle of the Christ Carrying the Cross shows the St. Thomas Church as it still looks today .
In 1524 , the church , which had been a pillar of local Catholic faith thanks notably to the efforts of the canon and poet Gottfried von Hagenau , converted to the Protestant faith ( Martin Bucer served there as a Pastor ) , a status which it maintained despite annexation of Alsace to the Catholic France . It still administers the primary and secondary schools École Saint-Thomas and Foyer Jean Sturm , as well as the Séminaire Protestant , a seminary located in the adjacent Baroque building .
The church played a crucial part in the liturgical revival as the place where , from 1888 , Friedrich Spitta tested new forms of church service , and where the Akademische Kirchenchor ( ) was brought into being . Julius Smend came to preach regularly from 1893 , and between 1894 and 1899 , the Gesangbuch für Elsaß-Lothringen ( ) was developed there .
On May 7 , 2006 , the church was the place of the official celebration for the creation of the Union des églises protestantes d'Alsace et de Lorraine ( Union of the Protestant Churches of Alsace and Lorraine ) , or UEPAL .
Architecture
The church is a five-naved hall church , the oldest on the territory of former south-west Germany . Inside it is approximately 65 metres long and 30 metres wide , with a height of 22m ( 30m under the late-Gothic cupola ) . There is a gallery on the left outer aisle , and chapels to the left and right of the apse .
Features
Organs
The church is internationally renowned for its historic and musically-significant organs : the 1741 Silbermann organ , played by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in 1778 and faithfully restored in 1979 by Alfred Kern ; the French organist Louis Thiry recorded the Art of Fugue by Johann Sebastian Bach on this organ .
The other organ is a 1905 organ in the Neo-Baroque style ( installed in 1906 ) built by Fritz Haerpfer , following a design by the organist then , Albert Schweitzer .
Tombs
Monuments at the church date from between 1130 and 1850 . Most famous are the richly decorated sarcophagus of Bishop Adelochus ( ca . 1130 ) by the Master of Eschau and the grand late-Baroque mausoleum of Marshal Maurice de Saxe ( 1777 ) , created by Jean-Baptiste Pigalle . Among the many other remarkable monuments , the Renaissance tombstone of Nikolaus Roeder von Tiersberg ( 1510 ) is notable for its realistic depiction of their decaying corpse . Roeder had been the donor of the life-size Mount of Olives group of sculptures ( 1498 ) now to be seen inside Strasbourg Cathedral . Neoclassical sculptor Landolin Ohmacht is represented by two works , one of them dedicated to Jean-Frédéric Oberlin .
Frescos
A late-Gothic representation of Saint Michael , probably a work by Jost Haller , is , after the Saint Christopher in St. Peter and St. Paul 's Church , Wissembourg , the largest of its kind in France .
Stained-glass windows
Of the medieval leaded windows , only the rose at the front of the church remains intact . In the nave , the upper parts of the windows are lavishly decorated with architectural and botanical motifs . The representations of saints that were originally found below were destroyed in the 16th century by Protestant iconoclasts . The choir windows are of a contemporary style .
Gallery
References
External links
History and description of the organs
Website of the church community
Thomas
Romanesque architecture in France
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1521
16th-century Lutheran churches
Monuments historiques of Strasbourg
Gothic architecture in Strasbourg
Hall churches
16th-century churches in France
Packera subnuda is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names Buek 's groundsel and cleftleaf groundsel . It is native to western North America from the Northwest Territories to northern California to Wyoming , where it grows in high mountain meadows in subalpine and alpine climates .
It is a perennial herb producing one erect stem or a small cluster of 2 or 3 stems from a rhizome and/or fibrous root system . The stems grow 5 to about 30 centimeters tall . The basal leaves have fleshy oval blades up to 3 or 4 centimeters long borne on petioles , with leaves farther up the stem smaller and simpler .
The inflorescence is a single flower head , or occasionally two to five heads . Each is lined with reddish or green phyllaries with green or bluish tips . The head contains many golden yellow disc florets and usually 13 yellow ray florets each roughly a centimeter long .
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
subnuda
Flora of Western Canada
Flora of the Western United States
Flora of California
Flora of the Sierra Nevada ( United States )
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
←2006 - 2007 - 2008→
This is a list of Japanese television dramas often called doramas by fans .
2007 winter season
Series
Specials
Maison Ikkoku ( めぞん一刻 ) - starring Misaki Ito , Taiki Nakabayashi , Kayoko Kishimoto , Ittoku Kishibe , and Yumiko Takahashi
Attention Please : Honolulu - starring Aya Ueto , Ryo Nishikido
2007 spring season
Series
The seventh episode of Sexy Voice and Robo was not aired because the setting of the episode 's story was similar to a kidnapping that happened around that time . The kidnapping caused the death of a police officer , and thus the episode was cancelled as not to be an unpleasant reminder of the event . The episode was replaced by a re-run of episode two , causing a dramatic decrease in the series ' viewership . In actuality , only ten episodes were aired .
2007 summer season
Series
2007 fall season
Series
See also
List of Japanese television dramas
List of Japanese Television Dramas
Dramas , 2007
The National Air Race Museum ( NARM ) was a short-lived ( 1993-1994 ) aviation museum featuring the Golden Age of Racing and the Reno Air Races , located in Sparks , Nevada . Aircraft exhibited included an original , non-flying replica of Hughes H-1 Racer .
Aircraft displayed
1944 Messerschmitt Bf 109G ;
1910 Curtiss pusher ;
1913 Deperdussin replica ;
1925 Curtiss R3C-2 replica ;
1926 Macchi M.39 replica ;
1931 Supermarine S.6B replica ;
1936 Rider R-4 # 70 Schoenfeldt `` Firecracker '' , winner , 1938 Greve Race in Cleveland ;
1938 Rider R-6 `` Eightball '' flown in Oakland and Cleveland , 1938-1939 ;
1936 Beechcraft 17R Staggerwing ;
1971 Hanson Special # 35 `` Sump'n Else '' ;
1948 Miss Cosmic Wind # 6 raced and owned by Bill Stead , Founder of Reno Air Races ;
Formula-1 Racer Stinger # 21 owned and flown by Astronaut Deke Slayton .
Artifacts on display included a pair of leather gloves left behind by Charles Lindbergh in 1927 when they flew into Blanchard Field , Reno 's Original Airport .
The National Automobile Museum would rotate vintage vehicles through to complement antique hot air balloon display .
NARM Visitors were beneficiaries of exchange programs with a number of Museums including the National Air and Space Museum .
The museum included an Aviation Art Gallery , Gift Shop and `` Fuselage Theater '' built with commercial airliner interior for screening of movies .
Many of the air racers and the Bf 109G were on loan from the Air Museum in Chino , California . The Bf 109G was last seen , a few years ago , in the Planes of Fame satellite museum near the Grand Canyon at Valle Airport in Valle-Williams , Arizona , along with a letter from General Jimmy Doolittle 's son informing NARM that Jimmy had become ill and was unable to attend NARM 's Grand Opening .
As of May 10 , 2008 many of the other racers and replicas are in a hangar at the Main Planes of Fame Museum in Chino . Ed Maloney , President of the Air Museum , says the air racers will soon be featured in an air racing display . The non-flying replica of the Hughes H-1 Racer is currently in storage .
Opened in May 1993 , NARM closed in February , 1994 . Over 20,000 visitors came through in less than a year of operation . A learning center including Flight School for Kids at Risk and any other children who wanted to learn more about flying was under development at time of closure .
The Planes of Fame Museum briefly reopened NARM in September , 1994 , before removing all contents of NARM which have been relocated to Chino and Valle-Williams .
References
Air racing
Aerospace museums in Nevada
1993 establishments in Nevada
1994 disestablishments in Nevada
Museums established in 1993
Museums disestablished in 1994
Lamar County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 18,317 . The county seat is Barnesville .
Lamar County is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell , GA Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
The Georgia General Assembly proposed the constitutional amendment to create the county on August 17 , 1920 , and the citizens of the state voted in favor of the amendment on November 2 , 1920 .
Land from Pike County and Monroe County was then transferred to create Lamar County .
Lamar County was named after Confederate Democrat white supremacist Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus Lamar II .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.3 % ) is water . It is located in the Piedmont region of the state .
The western third of Lamar County , west of a line from Orchard Hill through Milner and Barnesville , is located in the Upper Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin ( Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin ) . The eastern majority of the county is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin .
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 341
State Route 7
State Route 18
State Route 36
State Route 109
State Route 401 ( unsigned designation for I-75 )
Adjacent counties
Butts County ( northeast )
Monroe County ( east )
Upson County ( southwest )
Pike County ( west )
Spalding County ( northwest )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 15,912 people , 5,712 households , and 4,284 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 6,145 housing units at an average density of 33 per square mile ( 13/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 67.78 % White , 30.39 % Black or African American , 0.28 % Native American , 0.37 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.28 % from other races , and 0.89 % from two or more races . 1.08 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 5,712 households , out of which 32.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 54.00 % were married couples living together , 16.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 25.00 % were non-families . 21.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 8.90 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.05 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.50 % under the age of 18 , 11.40 % from 18 to 24 , 27.90 % from 25 to 44 , 23.60 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females , there were 91.90 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 88.90 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,087 , and the median income for a family was $ 43,481 . Males had a median income of $ 29,453 versus $ 21,933 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,666 . About 8.10 % of families and 11.20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 14.50 % of those under age 18 and 11.00 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 18,317 people , 6,618 households , and 4,617 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 7,474 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 66.0 % white , 30.8 % black or African American , 0.4 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.8 % from other races , and 1.7 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 20.0 % were American , 11.8 % were English , 8.8 % were Irish , and 6.0 % were German .
Of the 6,618 households , 31.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 49.0 % were married couples living together , 15.7 % had a female householder with no husband present , 30.2 % were non-families , and 25.6 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.04 . The median age was 37.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 37,536 and the median income for a family was $ 42,218 . Males had a median income of $ 37,535 versus $ 30,123 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,725 . About 19.4 % of families and 20.4 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 23.9 % of those under age 18 and 17.4 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 18,500 people , 6,494 households , and 3,746 families residing in the county .
Communities
Aldora
Barnesville ( county seat )
Milner
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lamar County , Georgia
References
External links
County history
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1920 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1920
Lamar
Irene Dallas ( born 1883 ) and Hilda Dallas ( 1878–1958 ) were British suffragette sisters : Hilda , an artist , designed publicity material , Irene , a protester was imprisoned for political reasons , and both sisters also boycotted the 1911 Census .
Life
Irene Dallas ( born 1883 ) and their elder sister Hilda Mary Dallas ( 1878–1958 ) who was an artist , who was born in Japan to an English father who was a Ming dealer , but left them poor when they died , during their 20s . Hilda came to London to study art and the sisters became early members of the Women 's Social and Political Union ( WSPU ) , the suffragettes , taking part in activist protest events , leading to prison sentences for Irene . Hilda designed posters for WSPU newspaper Votes for Women and its successor organisation . The sisters both boycotted the 1911 Census , whilst resident at 36 St George 's Mansions , Red Lion Square as a protest at being counted by the British government whilst denied the right to vote for it . Later in life Hilda designed stage scenery and costumes , as well as illustrated books , and became a Christian Scientist .
Suffragette activism
Hilda Dallas was seen in a poster parade encouraging women to come to the demonstration at the House of Commons on 30 June 1908 with Dorothy Hartopp Radcliffe , Charlotte Marsh and Dora Spong in the Strand earlier in June 1908 . The image is in the Museum of London .
Irene Dallas was studying mathematics whilst already in prison and the prison governor wrote , on 9 October 1908 , to the Home Office , for permission for them to be sent an Algebra and Geometry and a Trigonometry book , as they were preparing for the Cambridge University entrance examinations . The governor remarked in their letter that ' A lady who runs the risk of imprisonment has presumably calculated that their action is of more importance to them than their prospects of getting into Cambridge . ' However permission was given on the 'usual ' understanding that the books would be 'donated to the prison library ' .
Hilda Dallas was an artist , involved in the Suffragette Atelier , from 1909 , which trained and supported artists to create media in favour of women 's suffrage . Hilda Dallas designed a poster for Votes for Women the WSPU publication , and later redesigned a poster featuring Joan of Arc when the paper became The Suffragette . Hilda Dallas trained at the Slade School of Art ( 1910–11 ) .
On 25 January 1909 , Irene Dallas went in a taxi with Katherine Douglas Smith and Frances Bartlett to 10 Downing Street , after Lucy Norris and Mary Clarke had been turned away from seeing the Prime Minister , H.H.Asquith . Dallas and the others crossed a triple strength police cordon , asked to see the Prime Minister and , as with the earlier three women , had tried to 'force their way ' in , and all were arrested , and imprisoned at Holloway alongside Constance Lytton who had refused to do that particular 'disagreeable job ' , and felt remorse later .
Miss Dallas was the secretary to the Women 's Social and Political Union ( WSPU ) fife and drum band which performed at a women 's suffrage event at the Prince 's Ice Rink in May 1909 and in following weeks played outside to 'inspire ' hunger-striking suffragettes in Holloway Prison .
Irene Dallas had a role in organising the Women 's Social and Political Union ( WSPU ) protest procession in June 1910 , and had colour co-ordinated the banners coming from different unions which can be seen along with the WSPU fife and drum band in films of the procession .
At the 1911 Census , both sisters were marked as 'evaders ' , when women refused their legal duty to be counted in the population census as they viewed that they were not 'citizens ' , since being unable to vote . At Christmas 1912 , both sisters were with Christabel Pankhurst in Paris . Hilda Dallas died in 1958 , Irene Dallas 's death is unknown .
References
Year of death unknown
British women artists
Women 's Social and Political Union
Sisters
Suffragettes
←2004 - 2005 - 2006→
This is a list of Japanese television dramas often called doramas by fans .
2005 Spring Season
Series
2005 Summer Season
Series
2005 Fall Season
Series
Gokusen 2 - starring Yukie Nakama , Kazuya Kamenashi , Jin Akanishi and Teppei Koike
( H2～君といた日々 ) - starring Takayuki Yamada , Yui Ichikawa and Ishihara Satomi
Sh15uya - starring Saya Yuki and Yui Aragaki
See also
List of Japanese television dramas
List of Japanese Television Dramas
Dramas , 2005
German submarine U-984 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II .
They were laid down on 7 September 1942 by Blohm & Voss , Hamburg as yard number 184 , launched on 12 May 1943 and commissioned on 17 June 1943 under Oberleutnant zur See Heinz Sieder .
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines . U-984 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged . They had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke , six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced , two Brown , Boveri & Cie GG UB 720/8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged . They had two shafts and two propellers . The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged , the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced , they could travel at . U-984 was fitted with five torpedo tubes ( four fitted at the bow and one at the stern ) , fourteen torpedoes , one SK C/35 naval gun , 220 rounds , and one twin C/30 anti-aircraft gun . The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty .
Service history
The boat 's career began with training at 5th U-boat Flotilla on 17 June 1943 , followed by active service on 1 August 1944 as part of the 9th Flotilla for the remainder of their service .
On 22 January 1944 , Maschinenobergefreiter Hermann Keller was lost overboard in the North Atlantic .
On 8 June 1944 , U-984 was bombed by an unidentified Allied aircraft and was sufficiently damaged to force a return to base on 9 June
In 5 patrols they accounted for the total loss of 3 merchant ships , for a total of , one warship total loss ( 1,300 tons ) and damaged one other merchant ship .
Wolfpacks
U-984 took part in four wolfpacks , namely :
Rügen ( 14 – 26 January 1944 )
Stürmer ( 26 January – 3 February 1944 )
Igel 1 ( 3 – 17 February 1944 )
Dragoner ( 22 – 27 May 1944 )
Fate
Sunk on or about 2 August 1944 in the English Channel south-west of Brighton in position by unknown cause . All hands were lost .
Previously recorded fate
U-984 was sunk on 20 August 1944 in the North Atlantic in the Bay of Biscay in position , by depth charges from Canadian destroyers , and . All hands were lost .
U-984 has subsequentially been positively identified as the U-boat sunk on or about 2 August 1944 in the English Channel south-west of Brighton , in position 50.03.732N , 00.32.398W , by unknown cause , but there is presently no plausible explanation for its loss in the wreck position .
Summary of raiding history
See also
Convoys HX 229/SC 122
James D. Prentice
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
1943 ships
U-boats commissioned in 1943
Ships lost with all hands
U-boats sunk in 1944
U-boats sunk by depth charges
U-boats sunk by Canadian warships
World War II shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
World War II submarines of Germany
Ships built in Hamburg
Maritime incidents in August 1944
The Whakatāne River or Ōhinemataroa is a major river of the Bay of Plenty region in the North Island of New Zealand .
It flows north from near the small town of Ruatāhuna through Te Urewera , reaching the sea through the town of Whakatāne . The river is long .
References
Rivers of the Bay of Plenty Region
Rivers of New Zealand
Etihad Etisalat Company ( ) is a Saudi Arabian telecommunications services company that offers fixed line , mobile telephony , and Internet services under the brand name Mobily ( ) .
The company was established in 2004 , and in the summer of that year , won the bid for Saudi Arabia 's second GSM licence . Mobily launched mobile services in Saudi Arabia on 5 May 2005 , breaking Saudi Telecom 's monopoly in the wireless business .
History
Etihad Etisalat Co. was incorporated as a joint stock company under royal decree no . M/40 dated 18 August 2004 . The company won the bid for Saudi Arabia 's second GSM licence in the summer of 2004 . The licence is valid for 25 years . Etihad Etisalat began its constituent activities on 14 December 2004 upon the publication of its incorporation .
United Arab Emirates firm Etisalat holds a 27.45 % stake in the company , the General Organization for Social Insurance ( GOSI ) holds 11.85 % and the rest is held by other investors and by public shares . Etisalat Etihad held an Initial public offering in October 2004 that was massively oversubscribed ( 30 times ) . Police had to be called in to respond to unrest among investors fighting over application forms .
The GSM Associations `` GSM Association Newsletter '' Dec. 2004 edition described Mobily as the fastest growing mobile operator in the Middle East & North Africa . In 2006 , Mobily reached more than 4,800,000 subscribers . As of 20 January 2007 , mobily had 6 million subscribers and 0.5 million 3G users .
Etihad Etisalat launched GSM mobile services under the brand name Mobily on 5 May 2005 , breaking the Saudi Telecom Company 's monopoly in the wireless business . The company had spent 6 months preparing for the launch , and acquired 1 million subscribers within the first 90 days of launch .
The company launched 3.5G services on 27 June 2006 and 4G services on 13 September 2011 .
After 10 years of managing Mobily 's services , in February 2021 , Nokia extended its partnership with Mobily and signed a 3-year agreement that allows it to manage and maintain the radio and transport networks in Riyadh and other regions .
In May 2013 , it was reported that Mobily is working on a way to intercept encrypted data sent over the Internet by Twitter , Viber , WhatsApp , and other mobile apps , and to bypass the protections built into the SSL and Transport Layer Security protocols .
Network technology
Radio frequency summary
See also
Bayanat Al Oula for Network Services
Communication in Saudi Arabia
Censorship in Saudi Arabia
References
External links
2004 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Telecommunication companies established in 2004
Companies of Saudi Arabia
Companies listed on Tadawul
Companies based in Riyadh
Mobile phone companies of Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabian brands
Etisalat
XEEMM-AM is a radio station on 810 kHz in Salamanca , Guanajuato . Owned by Radio Grupo Antonio Contreras , XEEMM is known as Salmantina .
History
The original XEEMM concession was awarded to Enrique Mejía Mendez on November 8 , 1983 . XEEMM operated as a 250-watt daytimer on 1210 kHz . Contreras became the concessionaire in 1993 , and XEEMM moved to 810 with 4 kW day and 250 watts night later in the 90s .
References
Radio stations in Guanajuato
Eduardo Fernández ( born 1952 ) is a Uruguayan classical guitarist , teacher and arranger-composer . They received prizes in the 1972 Porto Alegre and 1975 Radio France competitions , won the Premio Andrés Segovia in 1975 and debuted in New York in 1977 . After their 1983 London debut , Fernández was signed by Decca Records . Their textbook has been published in English as Technique , Mechanism , Learning ( 2002 ) .
Selected discography
Bach , J.S . : Lute Suites ( 2 CDs ) 1989 Decca Music Group Limited
Guitar Concerti Manuel Ponce , Heitor Villa-Lobos , Jaurés Lamarque Pons . ECO , conducted Enrique García Asensio . Decca 1990
The World of The Spanish Guitar Decca compilation 1992
Avant-garde guitar . Takemitsu : All in Twilight . Leo Brouwer : La espiral eterna . Britten : Nocturnal after John Dowland . Berio : Sequenza XI . Decca
References
Articles
Interview ( 1984 ) , by Paul Magnussen
External links
60 Birthday Tribute Concert ( Spanish )
Uruguayan classical guitarists
1952 births
Living people
Mako : Island of Secrets is an Australian television programme for children and teenagers created by Jonathan M. Shiff . Internationally released as Mako Mermaids , the show is a spin-off of H2O : Just Add Water and is produced by Jonathan M. Shiff Productions in association with Network Ten , ZDF and Netflix .
The series follows Zac , a teenage boy who turns into a merman after accidentally falling into a magical pool of water on the fictional island of Mako .
Plot
Zac is a teenage boy who decides to camp on Mako Island , unaware that three mermaids , Sirena , Nixie , and Lyla , guardians of the island , are watching him . That night , when the full moon rises , the boy comes into contact with the magic water of the Moon Pool . The following morning , Zac discovers that they have the ability to control and manipulate water . Later , after accidentally falling into the water , they find that they have also become a merman with a fish-like tail . Their new-found merman abilities threaten to expose the existence of merpeople . After their pod casts them out for allowing Zac to visit the island , the three mermaids , curious about living on land and motivated to remove Zac 's powers , venture onto the land and learn to live among humans .
In series 2 , the mermaids continue to discover Mako 's secrets and learn more about the merman chamber . While Nixie and Lyla go in search of a new home , Sirena is left with Ondina and Mimmi , Mako mermaids who continue the effort to remove Zac 's powers and reclaim the island for their pod . Evie , Zac 's girlfriend , faces their own battles when they become a mermaid herself , and the others try to help them cope with the change .
In series 3 , with Sirena away with Aquata – Zac , Ondina and Mimmi are joined by Weilan , an Eastern mermaid who has fled to Mako for sanctuary from a magical water dragon . The mermaids must devise a way to defeat the dragon before it destroys all the pod has worked to save .
Episodes
Cast
Main
Lucy Fry as Lyla ( series 1 ) , seen as the leader of the three mermaids . They are hot-headed , determined , but still very smart . Despite initially only being interested in them for the sake of removing their powers , they develop an attachment to Zac . They and Nixie are with the pod in season 2 .
Ivy Latimer as Nixie ( series 1 ) , one of the three mermaids . They are an adventurous girl , who often gets into trouble and only does what they believe is right . In series 2 , it is explained that they and Lyla have left to search for a new home for the mermaid pod .
Amy Ruffle as Sirena ( series 1–2 ) , one of the three mermaids . Naive and sweet , they act as a mediator and peacemaker when Lyla and Nixie quarrel .
Chai Romruen as Zac , who becomes a merman after falling into the Moon Pool during a full moon while camping on Mako Island . They grew up surfing and is sporty . In series 2 , they discover that they were born a merman and that Mimmi is their sister .
Isabel Durant as Ondina ( series 2–3 ) , a mermaid who works to remove Zac 's powers . They are headstrong and tries to do things them way .
Allie Bertram as Mimmi ( series 2–3 ) , a mermaid who works to remove Zac 's powers . They are intelligent and inquisitive , and occasionally has to bail Ondina out of trouble . They eventually find out that Zac is their long lost brother .
Gemma Forsyth as Evie ( recurring , series 1 ; main , series 2–3 ) , who is Zac 's girlfriend . In series one , they believe the girls are stalking them and is jealous of Zac spending time with Lyla . They eventually learn the girls are mermaids and apologises for their quick judgement . They are accidentally transformed into a mermaid in series two and back into a land girl again in series three .
Alex Cubis as Erik ( series 2 ) , a merman who is descended from a line of mermen who have not been seen for thousands of years . They are solitary and elusive . Erik is a waiter at Ocean Cafe with Carly .
Linda Ngo as Weilan ( series 3 ) , a Chinese mermaid who accidentally leads a magic water dragon to Mako . They are sassy and has a dry wit . They prefer sleeping and socialising on land as the dragon has caused them to be wary of life in the ocean .
Recurring
Dominic Deutscher as Cam , Zac 's best friend who quickly becomes aware of Zac 's transformation into a merman . While Cam is initially supportive of their friend and helps to keep their secret , they become jealous and envious of Zac 's powers . They are outraged when Zac tries to return the trident to its chamber , and works to become a merman himself . They later make up and Cam helps Zac destroy the merman chamber .
Kerith Atkinson as Rita , the school principal and a mermaid . They left their pod years ago to be with a human boy they fell in love with , but who died before they could marry . They serve as a source of knowledge and history for the girls , and teaches them how to properly use their powers .
Rowan Hills as David , an employee at the Ocean Cafe . They and Sirena become mutual love interests . David finds out about mermaids at the end of series 2 .
Brooke Lee as Carly , an employee at the Ocean Cafe . They had feelings for David but is now with Cam . They are also Evie 's best friend , and later finds out about merpeople in series 2 .
Development and production
Series one
The show , announced in July 2011 , consists of 26 episodes of 26 minutes each , plus an option for one 90-minute episode . Filming was to begin in April 2012 , but it was postponed to the beginning of May . On 8 May 2012 , Shiff Productions announced the principal cast and the start of the shoot . Filming ran through 12 October 2012 . Mako was scheduled to broadcast in the second half of 2013 , with a second series confirmed before the first had screened . Production of the first series totalled .
The show was first announced as Mako : Island of Secrets , then as Secret of Mako Island , and finally as Mako Mermaids for its international release . It debuted domestically on Network Ten as Mako : Island of Secrets on 26 July 2013 .
In partnership with Shiff Productions , Netflix is the exclusive internet television provider for the series . The first thirteen episodes were released on 26 July 2013 , with the second half of the season airing on 15 September 2013 .
On 8 November 2013 , broadcasts of the show were switched from Network Ten to the free-to-air digital channel Eleven , first airing on Friday mornings at 8:00 a.m. and later changed to Sunday mornings at 11:00 a.m .
Series two
A second series was confirmed in February 2013 , with production beginning in the second half of 2013 contingent on funding from Screen Australia . The first half of series two premiered on Netflix on 13 February 2015 in North and Latin America , United Kingdom , and other territories . In Australia , the second series screened on Eleven Sunday mornings at 10:00 a.m. from 15 February 2015 . The second half of the series was released on Netflix on 29 May 2015 . Netflix labelled the first half as series two , while the second half was called series three .
Series three
A third series of 16 episodes was announced in 2014 , began screening on Eleven on 15 May 2016 and was released on Netflix on 27 May 2016 . The series introduced Chinese mermaid Weilan ( Linda Ngo ) , and featured the special guest appearance of Cariba Heine as Rikki Chadwick in the final two episodes .
A movie was planned to be produced after the series ended . However , the plan has been put on hold indefinitely .
Series 3 is listed under Season 4 on Netflix , as Netflix released Series 2 in two separate parts in 2015 .
International release dates
See also
Mermaids in popular culture
References
External links
Mako : Island of Secrets – Eleven
Mako Mermaids at the Australian Television Information Archive
Mako Mermaids – ZDF Enterprises promotional website
H2O : Just Add Water
10 Peach original programming
2013 Australian television series debuts
2016 Australian television series endings
Australian adventure television series
Australian fantasy television series
Australian television spin-offs
English-language television shows
Mermaids in television
Network 10 original programming
Sea World ( Australia )
Sequel television series
Television series about shapeshifting
Francesco Gonzaga , C.R . ( 1602 – 18 December , 1673 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Nola ( 1657–1673 ) and Bishop of Cariati e Cerenzia ( 1633–1657 ) .
Biography
Francesco Gonzaga was born in 1602 and ordained a priest in the Congregation of Clerics Regular of the Divine Providence . On 21 February 1633 , they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Cariati e Cerenzia .
On 24 February 1633 , they were consecrated bishop by Antonio Marcello Barberini , Cardinal-Priest of Sant'Onofrio . On 17 December 1657 , they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Alexander VII as Bishop of Nola . They served as Bishop of Nola until their death on 18 December 1673 .
Episcopal succession
While bishop , they were the principal co-consecrator of :
Fabrizio Savelli , Archbishop of Salerno ( 1642 ) ; and
Pietro Jerónimo Martínez y Rubio , Archbishop of Palermo ( 1657 ) .
References
External links and additional sources
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Urban VIII
Bishops appointed by Pope Alexander VII
1602 births
1673 deaths
Theatine bishops
Hevesy is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole . The crater is located in between craters Plaskett and Haskin . The large Rozhdestvenskiy crater is located to the Northeast . Hevesy was adopted and named after Hungarian chemist George de Hevesy by the IAU in 2009 .
References
External links
LAC-1 area - Map of northern lunar pole
Impact craters on the Moon
The Andean slaty thrush ( Turdus nigriceps ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
It is found in north-west Argentina , Bolivia , Ecuador and Peru .
Its natural habitats are temperate forest , subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical moist montane forest , and heavily degraded former forest .
References
Andean slaty thrush
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Yungas
Andean slaty thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
19th Street is a streetcar station located east of the intersection of Benning Rd and 19th Street . It is located on the H Street/Benning Road Line of the DC Streetcar system .
History
19th Street station opened to the public as one of the original stations on February 27 , 2016 .
Station layout
The station consists of one island platform in the center of Benning Road .
References
H Street/Benning Road Line
Streetcars in Washington , D.C .
DC Streetcar stops
Electric railways in Washington , D.C .
Street railways in Washington , D.C .
750 V DC railway electrification
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2016
`` John Deere Tractor '' is a song written by Lawrence John Hammond ( as L. John Hammond ) and recorded by American country music duo The Judds . It was first released on their 1984 debut EP , Wynonna & Naomi . New vocals were recorded over the original instrumental in 1990 for their final album , Love Can Build a Bridge . This version was included on Greatest Hits Volume Two and released as a single in July 1991 , peaking at number 29 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart .
But the song received its big boost to worldwide fame when Larry Sparks recorded it as a Bluegrass song in 1980 as the title song on their `` John Deere Tractor '' album for Rebel Records . It shot to the top of the Bluegrass charts and has consistently been a leading standard on Bluegrass radio and recorded and played by dozens of lesser Bluegrass performers ever since .
Chart performance
References
1991 singles
1984 songs
The Judds songs
Song recordings produced by Brent Maher
RCA Records singles
Curb Records singles
Sebastián de Pastrana , O. de M. ( 1633–1700 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Paraguay ( 1693–1700 ) .
Biography
Sebastián de Pastrana was born in Lima , Peru in 1633 and ordained a priest in the Order of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Mercy .
On 24 August 1693 , they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XII as Bishop of Paraguay .
On 1697 , they were consecrated bishop by Melchor de Liñán y Cisneros , Archbishop of Lima .
They served as Bishop of Paraguay until their death on 4 November 1700 .
References
External links and additional sources
( for Chronology of Bishops )
( for Chronology of Bishops )
17th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Paraguay
18th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Paraguay
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent XII
1633 births
1700 deaths
Clergy from Lima
Mercedarian bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Paraguay
Jean-Philippe Karlen ( born 26 September 1972 in Switzerland ) is a Swiss retired footballer .
References
Swiss footballers
Living people
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
1972 births
FC Lausanne-Sport players
Yverdon-Sport FC players
SC Kriens players
Servette FC players
SR Delémont players
Sărățica Nouă is a commune in Leova District , Moldova . It is composed of two villages , Cîmpul Drept and Sărățica Nouă .
References
Communes of Leova District
Elaeocarpus holopetalus , commonly known as black olive berry , mountain blueberry , or mountain quandong , is species of flowering plant in the family Elaeocarpaceae and is endemic to eastern Australia . It is a shrub or small tree with regularly toothed , lance-shaped to egg-shaped leaves , racemes of white flowers and black , oval fruit .
Description
Elaeocarpus holopetalus is a shrub or small tree typically growing to a height of , although there are rare specimens are up to tall and wide at the base . The trunk is straight with relatively smooth dark grey or brown outer bark with some fissures and wrinkles . Young branchlets are densely covered with woolly-brownish or velvety hairs . The leaves are lance-shaped to elliptic , or egg-shaped with the narrower end towards the base , mostly long and wide on a petiole long . The leaves are mid to dark green above , paler below and the edges have regular teeth . The flowers are pendent and arranged in racemes long with up to seven flowers on softly-hairy , robust pedicels long . The flowers have five narrow triangular sepals about and wide , densely hairy on the back . The five petals are white , sometimes flushed with pink , about long and wide , the tips sometimes with shallow lobes . There are between fifteen and twenty stamens . Flowering occurs in November and December and the fruit is an oval , maroon drupe turning blackish and long when mature .
Taxonomy
Elaeocarpus holopetalus was first formally described in 1861 by Ferdinand von Mueller in Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae .
Distribution and habitat
Black olive berry grows in and near the edges of cooler rainforest at altitudes up to from near Dorrigo , Ebor and Chaelundi National Park in northern New South Wales to East Gippsland in north-eastern Victoria .
Gallery
References
Oxalidales of Australia
Trees of Australia
holopetalus
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Victoria ( Australia )
Trees of mild maritime climate
Plants described in 1861
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Vera von Bissing ( October 23 , 1906 – June 15 , 2002 ) was a German aerobatic pilot .
They earned their pilots license in 1930 , and subsequently trained in aerobatics with Gerhard Fieseler . They began competing in aerobatic competitions - in 1932 , von Bissing competed in an international aerobatics meeting in Zurich , Switzerland , where they were placed sixth . In 1936 , they flew a Messerschmitt M35 at the World Aerobatic Championships ' Olympic Celebration Competition , held alongside the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin . They also participated in the women 's event of the competition , held for the opening of the Rangsdorf airfield , and won . The following year , von Bissing competed in an international aviation event in Zürich . In 1939 , they performed at an airshow in Eastbourne , England , where their execution of loops and half-rolls were described as `` gems of precision '' .
During World War II , von Bissing was employed as the head of a regional repair yard of the National Socialist Flyers Corps Group 6 , at Eschwege , with approximately 100 planes . After the war , von Bissing described their work as including test-flying all planes once repaired , arranging engineering supplies for the yard , distributing and checking parachutes , and managing a ferrying centre which ferried small aircraft from factories to the Luftwaffe supply parks . They commanded about 100 ferry pilots , all men , and ferried over 1,000 planes without an accident . In 1944 von Bissing was awarded the War Merit Cross for their services . In 1945 , at the end of the war , they were arrested by the Allied forces , but released after a few days .
In 2010 , a biography of von Bissing by Ernest Probst was published by GRIN Publishing .
References
1906 births
2002 deaths
German women aviators
Aerobatic pilots
Recipients of the War Merit Cross
National Socialist Flyers Corps members
Rolf Lars-Göran Halvarsson ( born 23 April 1961 , in Älvdalen ) is a Swedish former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics .
External links
sports-reference.com
1961 births
Swedish male alpine skiers
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Olympic alpine skiers of Sweden
People from Älvdalen Municipality
Living people
Sportspeople from Dalarna County
The Oregon Legislative Assembly is the state legislature for the U.S. state of Oregon . The Legislative Assembly is bicameral , consisting of an upper and lower house : the Senate , whose 30 members are elected to serve four-year terms ; and the House of Representatives , with 60 members elected to two-year terms . There are no term limits for either house in the Legislative Assembly .
Each Senate district is composed of exactly two House districts : Senate District 1 contains House Districts 1 and 2 , SD 2 contains HD 3 and HD 4 , and so on . ( Maps of Senate districts can be found in the Oregon State Senate article . ) Senate districts contain about 127,700 people , and are redrawn every ten years .
The legislature is termed as a `` citizens ' assembly '' ( meaning that most legislators have other jobs . ) Since 1885 , its regular sessions of up to 160 days occurred in odd-numbered years , beginning on the second Monday in January . Effective 2012 , the legislature moved into an annual session , with the even-numbered years having a `` short session '' of 35 days or less , beginning in February .
Bills
Bills may be introduced in either house , and must flow through a committee before being voted upon . Bills calling for increased revenue must be introduced in the House of Representatives .
How ideas become law .
Sessions
A legislative resolution referred to voters in the November 2010 general election amended the state 's constitution and changed the schedule of regular sessions from bi-annual to annual . Senate Joint Resolution 41 was voted on as state Ballot Measure 71 , which passed statewide by a margin of more than 2 to 1 .
With limited exceptions , the constitutional changes enacted through Measure 71 limit the length of legislative sessions beginning in odd-numbered years to 160 calendar days , and sessions beginning in even-numbered years to 35 calendar days . The changes took effect with the 2011 session .
The first 35 regular sessions ( i.e . until 1929 ) lasted 50 days or less . Since 1949 no annual session was shorter than 100 days . The longest session was the 72nd regular session , at 227 days , ending August 27 , 2003 . More recent sessions ended in June or July .
The Governor of Oregon was the only person who could call the assembly into special sessions until 1976 , when voters approved a constitutional amendment allowing the legislature to call itself into session . In either case , special sessions are permitted only `` in the event of an emergency . '' Voters narrowly defeated a constitutional amendment in 1990 that would have established annual sessions .
In 1982 a special session lasted 37 days , and the governor called the assembly into special session five times in 2002 , for a total of 52 days . The 2006 special session was the shortest in Oregon 's history : five pieces of legislation were passed in only six hours . The legislative body may also call itself into special session `` in the event of an emergency , '' although it has never done so .
The legislature 's regular sessions were every two years until 2009 . The legislative session in 2010 that referred Measure 71 to voters was a special session approved during the 2009 session by a majority of legislators , who were hoping to eventually win approval of a change to regular annual sessions . The push for annual sessions dates back to at least 1981 , when a poll of legislators finds that two-thirds favored a shift to annual sessions .
Interim
In the interim between legislative sessions , special study groups made up of state legislators with interests or expertise in the specific study areas investigate issues that will be addressed during the next legislative session . In addition , the state 's legislative Emergency Board , which is jointly chaired by the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House , can take action to provide additional funds to state agencies for activities required by law or that arise unexpectedly during the legislative interim .
Legislator salary and compensation
The job of a member of the Legislative Assembly is considered a `` part-time '' job in Oregon , and is compensated accordingly . Legislators are paid $ 31,200 per year . Presiding officers ( the Speaker of the House and Senate President ) are compensated double , $ 62,400 per year . While in session , legislators also receive a $ 151 per diem .
In the 2022 Regular Session , at the request of the Asian Pacific American Network of Oregon ( APANO ) and Family Forward Oregon , a SB1566 was introduced to increase legislators pay . SB 1566 establishes an annual salary for members of the Legislative Assembly equal to the annual occupational mean wage estimate for Oregon in the prior year , as determined by the U.S. Department of Labor and the Oregon Employment Department . And it directs the salary to be adjusted to conform to the mean only once every two years . It also authorizes a child care allowance for members who have children or dependents under the age of 13 .
Sen. Floyd Prozanski ( D-Eugene ) said at the hearing that the low pay deters Oregonians from serving in the Legislature and urged the new salary be approved . They said the current pay serves to encourage only those with personal wealth or with multiple jobs to run for the legislature . Because of the high time commitment legislative positions require , the current salary also makes it financially difficult for some to stay in office once they 've been elected . Ultimately , SB1566 did not make it out of the Senate Rules Committee .
In light of this , three veteran House Democrats jointly announced they would not seek reelection because of the apparent failure of SB1566 . The three state representatives , Karin Power , Rachel Prusak and Anna Williams , said they could not afford to work full time for part-time pay . “ We are a lawyer , nurse practitioner , and social worker , ” the three said in a statement . “ Seeing the hardships that families faced in our professional lives convinced us to run for office knowing these families deserved voices in our state government
See also
Oregon Territorial Legislature ( pre-statehood legislature )
Provisional Government of Oregon ( pre-territorial governing body )
Provisional Legislature of Oregon
References
External links
— A note : At the website the body is referred to as the `` Oregon State Legislature '' , however it is constitutionally named the `` Legislative Assembly '' .
History of the Oregon Legislative Assembly from the Oregon State Archives , including overviews of landmark legislation by topic
Legislative Assembly home page from the Oregon Blue Book website
List of Legislative Statutory Committees and Interim Offices from Blue Book site
Glossary of Oregon legislative terms from the Legislature 's Official Site
History of the Oregon Legislative Assembly , from statesmanjournal.com
1859 establishments in Oregon
Bicameral legislatures
Razdan may refer to :
Razdan ( surname )
Hrazdan , Armenia
Razdan Dam , Armenia
Razdan Stadium , Armenia
See also
Hrazdan ( disambiguation )
`` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' ( censored as `` Do n't Mess with My Heart '' ) is a song by American musical group Black Eyed Peas , taken from their fourth studio album , Monkey Business ( 2005 ) . It was written by band members will.i.am , Fergie , George Pajon , Jr. and Printz Board ; will.i.am also produced and engineered the song . The song features compositional samples of songs derived from two Bollywood films of the 1970s , Apradh ( 1972 ) and Don ( 1978 ) , as well as interpolations of Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam 's 1985 single `` I Wonder If I Take You Home '' and Gucci Crew II 's 1988 single `` Sally ( That Girl ) '' . The song was released as the first single from Monkey Business ; it was first serviced to mainstream radio on April 11 , 2005 , in the United States .
`` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' is a hip hop song in which the lyrics , according to will.i.am , tell of a situation between a couple when one tries to end the relationship and the other is in disbelief . The song was received positively by most contemporary music critics , with many of them naming it one of the album 's highlights . `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' was also met with a positive commercial response ; it peaked at number three on the US Billboard Hot 100 and at number one in Australia , the Czech Republic , Finland , and New Zealand . It also attained top-10 positions in many European countries , including the United Kingdom , Ireland , and the Netherlands .
Background
`` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' is one of two songs on Monkey Business that was written by will.i.am and Fergie of The Black Eyed Peas . Additional writers include George Pajon , Jr. and Printz Board .
The song contains samples of several songs : `` I Wonder If I Take You Home '' , written and composed by Full Force , and `` Ae Naujawan Sab Kuchh Yahan '' and `` Yeh Mera Dil Pyaar Ka Diwana '' , both recorded by Asha Bhosle , composed by Kalyanji Anandji , and with lyrics written by Indeewar . The former of the latter two was featured in the Hindi film Apradh ( 1972 ) while the latter was featured in the Hindi film Don ( 1978 ) .
Black Eyed Peas member will.i.am , in addition to co-writing the song , produced the track on their own while working with Neil Tucker and Tal Herzberg on engineering it . Co-writer Pajon , Jr. contributed guitars while Keith Harris played the drums . `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' features a prominent use of several string instruments , which include the electric violin and Mellotron strings , played by Charlie Baccarat and song co-writer Board . It was then mixed by Mark `` Spike '' Stent and programmed by Herzberg using Pro Tools technology . The song was recorded at Metropolis Studios in Chiswick , London , England and The Record Plant in Los Angeles , California . `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' serves as the first single taken from Monkey Business ( 2005 ) . Interscope Records solicited the song to mainstream radios on April 11 , 2005 , in the United States .
Composition
`` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' is a hip-hop dance song that runs for 4 minutes and 4 seconds . According to the digital music sheet published at Musicnotes.com by Universal Music Publishing Group , it is written in a key of F minor . The song is set in common time and runs through a freely moving tempo of 132 beats per minute . will.i.am described the song to be the lyrical sequel to the band 's 2003 single `` Shut Up '' ( Elephunk , 2003 ) . They explained : `` When you 're on bad terms with a significant other , you do n't want to break up . You tell them things and at the time you really mean them . But she 's saying , stop f * * * * ing with me . '' Jason King of The Village Voice called the song a `` sassy gender duel '' between will.i.am and Fergie , while commenting that it is reminiscent of `` Shut Up '' .
Critical reception
Nicholas Taylor of PopMatters called `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' a `` standout '' in regard to `` complex and engaging hip-hop music , a mix of rap , soul , jazz , and funk that will constantly surprise and delight . '' However , they stated that `` Pump It '' would have been a better choice for the first single , writing that it `` continually impresses and grooves and better melds raps with beats '' , while noting `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' to get repetitive and clunky . Taylor further explains the song 's cons , writing that it suffers from `` unimpressive rapping '' and `` a distinct lack of substance '' . John Bush of Allmusic listed it as one of the album 's best tracks . Nathan Rabin of The A.V . Club calls it a continuation of the `` summertime vibe of dumb fun '' . Robert Christgau listed the song as a track pick . Azeem Ahmad of musicOMH predicted the album Monkey Business to be a success if `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' was an indication of its sound . The staff at Boston.com felt the song was `` OK '' compared to `` My Style '' , a different album track . Kelefa Sanneh of The New York Times called it `` a much more wholesome hip-hop hit '' , comparing it to Ying Yang Twins ' 2005 single `` Wait ( The Whisper Song ) '' .
The Black Eyed Peas were nominated for two 2006 Grammy Awards for the song and won for `` Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group '' . The song also won the BMI Award , which was awarded to the Kalyanji Anandji brothers , for their compositions of `` Ye Mera Dil '' and `` Ae Nujawan '' used as a basis for the song . The award was collected by Anandji Virji Shah , the surviving member of the duo .
Chart performance
In the United States , `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' entered the Billboard Hot 100 at number ninety-seven following its release . The song then jumped sixty-six places to number thirty-one in the following week due to digital sales . It continued to rise up the chart until June 25 , 2005 , when it peaked at number three due to an increase in digital sales , becoming the week 's `` greatest digital gainer '' . `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' also reached the top ten on the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 . The song sold over 500,000 digital copies in the United States , earning a gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) .
In the United Kingdom , `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' entered and debuted at number three on the UK Singles Chart on May 22 , 2005 ( for the week ending May 28 , 2005 ) . It lasted four weeks inside the top ten and sixteen weeks total on the chart . According to the Official Charts Company , the song sold 210,000 copies there . The song fared similarly in Ireland , where it debuted and peaked at number four on the singles chart . On May 23 , 2005 , `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' debuted and peaked at number one on the Australian Singles Chart . It lost the position the following week but retook the position on June 12 and maintained the top spot for two more weeks . The song has shipped over 70,000 copies in Australia , earning a platinum certification by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) . In New Zealand , the song entered the singles chart at number thirty-six on May 16 , 2005 . The following week , it rose to number one , where it stayed for three consecutive weeks . The song shipped 15,000 copies in New Zealand , earning a platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ( RIANZ ) .
`` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' appeared on the Norwegian Singles Chart on May 24 , 2005 , at number five . It maintained that position for three weeks before rising to number four on June 14 , 2005 , where it continued to stay for three more weeks . The song remained on the chart for six more weeks and shipped over 5,000 copies , earning a gold certification by IFPI Norway . Across the rest of Europe , `` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' achieved top-five positions in Austria , Denmark , Finland , Flanders , Italy , the Netherlands , Spain , and Switzerland and reached the top ten in France , Germany , Sweden , and Wallonia .
Music video
The video for the song is a parody of game shows , most notably The Price Is Right , The Dating Game , and Love Connection . will.i.am , apl.de.ap and Taboo attempt to win the heart of Fergie , a beautiful girl , by being chosen to go on a date with them by spinning a wheel to decide where they will go , then being teleported to the site . will.i.am takes Fergie on a horse-ride , apl takes their dancing and Taboo takes them to a restaurant , but each date ends badly with Voodoo Thursday sabotaging the boys ' attempts . They make will.i.am 's horse buck them off , they make apl twitch when Fergie tries to kiss him , and they program Taboo to grab another girl 's butt . In the end , Fergie has to choose whom to end up with . Voodoo then spins the wheel , it comes up `` knock boots '' . When the time comes for Fergie to choose , Voodoo whispers something to Fergie , and they are teleported away . The members of The Black Eyed Peas all appear in the video , some in multiple roles . will.i.am plays himself , the host Voodoo Thursday , and the drummer in the live band . apl plays himself , the guitarist , and the announcer , Fergie plays themselves and Taboo plays themselves and the pianist/keyboardist in the live band .
A brief instrumental clip of the song can be heard on various episodes of The Hills as their cue for possible drama coming up .
Track listings
US promotional CD ( AMRR-11406-2 1N02 )
UK CD single ( 9882330 )
European CD single ( 988 232-9 )
European enhanced maxi-single ( 988 232-8 )
Credits and personnel
Credits are adapted from the liner notes of Monkey Business , A & M Records , will.i.am Music Group , Interscope Records .
Recording and sample
Recorded at Metropolis Studios in Chiswick , London , England and The Record Plant in Los Angeles , California .
Contains elements of `` I Wonder If I Take You Home '' , written by Full Force under Careers-BMG Music ( BMI )
Contains elements of `` Ae Naujawan Sab Kuchh Yahan '' , written by Kalyanji Anandji and Indeewar under Saregma India Ltd. ( IRPS )
Contains elements of `` Yeh Mera Dil Yaar Ka Diwana '' , written by Kalyanji Anandji and Indeewar under Saregma India Ltd. ( IRPS )
Personnel
Songwriting – William Adams , Stacy Ferguson , Printz Board , George Pajon , Jr. , Full Force , Kalyanji Anandji , Indeewar
Vocals – will.i.am , Fergie and Taboo
Production – will.i.am
Drums – Keith Harris
Guitar – George Pajon , Jr .
Keyboards – Printz Board
String arrangement – Ron Fair
Electric violin – Charlie Baccarat
Pro Tools programming – Tal Herzberg
Engineering – will.i.am , Neil Tucker , Tal Herzberg
Mixing – Mark `` Spike '' Stent
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
Cover versions
Russian metalcore band Amatory released a cover version of the song , as `` Do n't Fuck with My Heart '' . It appears on their covers EP Discovery .
References
External links
`` Do n't Phunk with My Heart '' lyrics
2005 singles
2005 songs
A & M Records singles
Black Eyed Peas songs
Interscope Records singles
Music videos directed by The Malloys
Number-one singles in Australia
Number-one singles in the Czech Republic
Number-one singles in Finland
Number-one singles in New Zealand
Songs written by Fergie ( singer )
Songs written by George Pajon
Songs written by will.i.am
Multistory Media ( formerly known as Shiver ) is a British television production company . It is a subsidiary of ITV Studios and one of the largest providers of factual entertainment in the United Kingdom .
Some of its productions include Paul O'Grady : For the Love of Dogs , 60 Minute Makeover and Peter Andre : My Life .
History
Originally , Multistory Media was the factual entertainment and features network production departments of Tyne Tees Television and Yorkshire Television . When ITV Plc was created the separate departments of these two subsidiaries were merged into Yorkshire Television and they were branded as Granada Productions North Factual Entertainment and Features . They were then renamed as the northern factual entertainment and features department within ITV Yorkshire part of ITV Productions . At this point an internal re-organisation took place to disband the management structure of Yorkshire Television and transfer the production business from Yorkshire Television Limited to ITV Productions Limited . The departments were then closed as part of a wider company production review but were re-opened in Leeds as Shiver , a subsidiary of ITV Studios .
On 23 May 2019 , Shiver changed their name to Multistory Media .
Productions
References
External links
Companies based in Leeds
ITV ( TV network )
Mass media companies based in Greater Manchester
Television production companies of the United Kingdom
Glascock County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 3,082 , making it the fourth-least populous county in Georgia . The county seat is Gibson . The county was created on December 19 , 1857 .
History
The county is named after Thomas Glascock , a soldier in the War of 1812 , general in the First Seminole War and U.S. representative .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.5 % ) is water . It is the fourth-smallest county in Georgia by area .
The vast majority of Glascock County is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin , with just the very northeastern corner of the county , northeast of State Route 80 , located in the Brier Creek sub-basin of the Savannah River basin .
Major highways
State Route 80
State Route 102
State Route 123
State Route 171
Adjacent counties
Warren County - north
Jefferson County - southeast
Hancock County - northwest
Washington County - southwest
Demographics
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 2,556 people , 1,004 households , and 715 families living in the county . The population density was 18 people per square mile ( 7/km2 ) . There were 1,192 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 90.61 % White , 8.29 % Black or African American , 0.23 % Native American , 0.12 % from other races , and 0.74 % from two or more races . 0.47 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
Of the 1,004 households 32.80 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.70 % were married couples living together , 9.60 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 28.70 % were non-families . 26.30 % of households were one person and 11.90 % were one person aged 65 or older . The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.94 .
The age distribution was 23.80 % under the age of 18 , 7.70 % from 18 to 24 , 26.80 % from 25 to 44 , 23.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 18.20 % 65 or older . The median age was 40 years . For every 100 females there were 92.50 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 87.60 males .
The median household income was $ 29,743 and the median family income was $ 36,629 . Males had a median income of $ 32,896 versus $ 22,500 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 14,185 . About 9.40 % of families and 17.20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 10.70 % of those under age 18 and 38.50 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
At the 2010 census , there were 3,082 people , 1,162 households , and 804 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 1,519 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 89.8 % white , 8.2 % black or African American , 0.2 % American Indian , 0.6 % from other races , and 1.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 41.7 % were American , 6.4 % were English , 6.1 % were Irish , and 5.4 % were German .
Of the 1,162 households , 37.3 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.9 % were married couples living together , 13.4 % had a female householder with no husband present , 30.8 % were non-families , and 26.6 % of households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.14 . The median age was 39.3 years .
The median household income was $ 37,149 and the median family income was $ 46,283 . Males had a median income of $ 37,957 versus $ 26,953 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 16,844 . About 13.0 % of families and 16.6 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 19.0 % of those under age 18 and 20.0 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census , there were 2,884 people , 1,108 households , and 726 families residing in the county .
Communities
Agricola
Bastonville
Edge Hill
Gibson ( county seat )
Mitchell
Politics
Glascock County , a rural , sparsely-populated , majority-White county , is arguably the most Republican of Georgia 's 159 counties , and one of the most Republican counties in the United States , with almost 90 percent of voters supporting Donald Trump in 2020 . In addition , Republican percentages have been in the 80s since 2004 , and the last Democrat to win the county was Georgian Jimmy Carter in 1980 .
See also
Central Savannah River Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Glascock County , Georgia
References
External links
The News and Farmer and Wadley Herald/ Jefferson Reporter , the county 's weekly newspaper and the oldest weekly newspaper in Georgia
Glascock County historical marker
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1857 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1857
Neoendemism is one of two sub-categories of endemism , the ecological state of a species being unique to a defined geographic location . Specifically , neoendemic species are those that have recently arisen , through divergence and reproductive isolation or through hybridization and polyploidy in plants . Paleoendemism , the other sub-category , refers to species that were formerly widespread but are now restricted to a smaller area .
Examples
`` Darwin 's finches '' , residents of the Galápagos Islands , have been used since the 19th century as an example of how the descendants of one ancestor can evolve through adaptive radiation into several species as they adapt to different conditions on various islands . Charles Darwin wrote : ... one might really fancy that from an original paucity of birds in this archipelago , one species had been taken and modified for different ends . ''
The Galápagos archipelago is also the home of paleoendemic species .
See also
Speciation
Notes
References
Endemism
The 1946 Washington & Jefferson Presidents football team was an American football team that represented Washington & Jefferson College as an independent during the 1946 college football season . In their first season under head coach Henry Luecht , the Presidents compiled a 6–2 record and was outscored by a total of 150 to 46 .
The team featured a first-year student African-American back , `` Deacon Dan '' Towler . Towler later played six seasons in the National Football League and was selected to play in four Pro Bowls .
The team played it home games at College Field in Washington , Pennsylvania .
Schedule
References
Washington & Jefferson
Washington & Jefferson Presidents football seasons
Washington & Jefferson Presidents football
Tillery may refer to :
People with the surname
Dwight Tillery , American politician
Elijah Tillery ( born 1957 ) , American boxer
Gary Tillery ( born 1947 ) , American author
Jerry Tillery ( born 1996 ) , American football player
Ken Tillery , American murder victim
Linda Tillery ( born 1948 ) , American singer
Locations
Tillery-Fries House , historic house in North Carolina , USA
George W. Tillery House , historic house in Tennessee , USA
Virginia Tillery Round Barn , historic house in Illinois , USA
Lake Tillery , a lake in North Carolina , USA
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akihiro Ito . It was serialized in Shōnen Gahōsha 's seinen manga magazine Young King OURs from 1993 to 2009 , before entering on hiatus . Its chapters were collected in sixteen tankōbon volumes . A three-episode original video animation ( OVA ) adaptation , subtitled Get Back the Kitty , was released in 1998 , followed by another OVA , subtitled Breakthrough , released from 2000 to 2001 . In North America , the manga and the OVAs were formerly licensed by Central Park Media .
Plot
Ayagane City has a phantom cat ( also called `` bake neko '' and `` were-cat '' ) problem . A young and overzealous group of entrepreneurs called Kagura Total Security can be hired to combat this problem for the right price when Hound , the official government arm , is n't enough . However , there are plots and subplots floating beneath the surface , both involving Kagura , and the were-cats , led by Kuro-Neko , themselves . Both the manga and the OVAs are heavily action-driven , with gunfights appearing every few chapters .
Characters
Looking younger than they really are , Yuka , CEO of Kagura Total Security ( 神楽総合警備 Kagura Sōsei Keibi or `` Kagura Synthesis Guard '' ) comes across as a flighty , childish girl . However , commenting on having seen a TV show that had aired in Japan in the late 70s , they accidentally date themselves as being at least 20 years old . Them primary weapon is a crossbow , and they usually wear tight-fitting clothing and a bandanna . In flashbacks , they are revealed to have worked under the name `` Rika Kikushima '' in Kagura Co. ver . 3 along with their real-life older sister , Yuma , and Luger Ryuu . At the end of volume 16 , they assist Yuma in setting up Kagura Co. ver . 5 .
Maki considers themselves to be the `` mysterious gun person , '' of the cast , often quoting from Akira Kobayashi and Keiichiro Akagi films . They are a firearm expert , and their favorite pistol is a Colt revolver , although they are also an excellent sniper . As a high school girl , they had fallen in love with `` Luger '' Ryuu and trained under them to become a marksman . In the underworld , they are known as `` Crimson Shooting Star '' , and is either the fastest , or second fastest draw after Ryuu . They are last seen in volume 16 when fighting members of Irie 's black ops squad .
Eiko is the more elegant , sophisticated member of Kagura Co . They handle financing , accounting and day-to-day operations . They are also a master hand-to-hand fighter , preferring to use a pair of brass knuckles . They have one known nephew , Yuuki . In volume 9 they are shown to have extra-bushy eyebrows that need to be plucked constantly , and a dangerous pyromaniac streak , threatening to burn down everything when they get impatient . They mention at one point that they came to Kagura to avoid office sexual harassment . Last seen in volume 16 , when the Kagura offices are blown up .
Cute , short and with glasses , Takami is the primary computer hacker , working with Yuka to upgrade the containment software system . They use rollerblades to get around at speeds close to 30 miles an hour ( rivaling the speeds of cars on city streets ) , and favors butterfly knives with grenades attached . They get their grenades from Maki is gun supplier . Is strongly attracted to Taba but too shy to come right out and say it , although they get close in volume 11 . She 'll often collapse into a quivering pile when panicked . They are also an otaku , occasionally taking breaks from the company to help their friends produce doujinshii . Takami is last seen in the clutches of Irie 's black ops group , being forced to delete all of the Kagura company servers .
Yu is Kagura 's primary driver , although that job will go to Taba if Yu is passed out or unavailable . They can steer anything with a wheel , but when not actually driving will fall heavily asleep . They mention at one point that they see themselves as the wheel of a car—if they are not moving , then they are not accomplishing anything . In volume 3 , they are shown to have one older brother and five sisters , who like to torment them when they are asleep . They are also a chain smoker , preferring `` Lucky Strike Ultra Milds '' . Yu is last seen in volume 16 trying to drive away from Irie in an open jeep .
Yoichi starts out as an unemployed salaryman responding to a job wanted ad from Kagura Co. Then , for the next several volumes , they focus on trying to quit . They turn out to be a good strategist and capable with a crossbow and the Kagura protect seals . In volume 6 , they state that their job is to do all of the falling for the other members . They become attracted to Ayumi Narusawa , the female sniper for Hound , and the two of them have sex in volume 15 . Taba is asked by both Irie to join Hound , and by Kuro-Neko to act as a go-between for Kagura and the were-cats , although they turn down both of them . When they were about five years old , Taba had a pet kitten but was forced by their mother to abandon it at a nearby shrine . The kitten later turns out be Maya . Yoichi is the only surviving member of Kagura Co. ver . 4 , other than Yuka , at the end of Part 2 . They resurface three years later as a salaryman at a company that supplies Shin-Nihon Avionics and Zinguzi with third-party manifolds . At that time , they have a scar on their left ear from a bullet .
Also known as Black Cat , KN is the informal leader of the were-cats trying to establish a safe place for them . They are always working in the shadows , wearing a trench coat and hat . They first appear on the CIA 's radar as a `` ghost spy '' in the 1960s for their tendency to disappear quickly . They are connected to the defecting Russian spies Yuri Rastvorov and Viktor Belenko , and works to get their hands on a submarine and a nuclear warhead . They convinced Hiroyuki Kagura of the original Kagura Company to join forces with them against the Japanese government , and tries to do the same with Yoichi Taba . Eventually , though , their comrades turn against them because their plans are too slow and hard to understand , and they are forced to leave Ayagane City for a while . They return later with about 20 young female were-cats trained in electronic espionage and `` encourages '' Taba to run for their life away from Hound . KN also likes to relax watching Trigun episodes on TV .
A female were-cat , Maya looks like a young school girl in human form . Abandoned by Taba as a kitten , they were caught in a crossfire between Kuro-Neko and Kagura Co. ver . 3 . Already miserable and near starving to death , they then took a couple of crossbow bolts from Rika Kikushima . KN told them to stand up for herself , and that is when they made the transition to were-cat . From that point , they became one of KN is assistants , turning into a spy against Kagura Co. ver . 4 . But , they are still bonded to Taba , and becomes friends with most of the Kagura staff . They are capable of transferring over telephone lines , taking over computers and infiltrating guarded mansions . Generally they do n't speak in human form , breaking character once to ask Maki and Eiko to save Taba . They are fiercely protective of Taba , and will sleep with them in kitten form . Maya likes `` Genki Neko '' ( `` happy cat '' , or `` Lulu '' in the U.S. version ) brand cat food . They are last seen inside the containment system when Takami is forced to delete all the servers in volume 16 .
Also , possibly `` Vashka '' . Vashuka is Kuro-Neko 's right-hand woman , carrying out various tasks as required , such as slaughtering guards at the Shin-Nihon Avionics plant , or going to Russia to obtain a nuclear warhead . In human form they are a tall , thin , athletic woman with long wavy blond hair , usually wearing light-colored suits and dark sunglasses . They are a vicious unarmed fighter and cool under pressure . Them name was given to them by Hiroyuki Kagura , who said that it was a popular name for cats in the U.S.S.R .
Socks is a tall , blonde , gentle woman in human form that cares for kittens abandoned at the shrine near Taba 's old apartment , and seems to have helped raise for Maya at some point . They get captured by Hound early on in the series , but is released after their memories have been wiped and attempts to kill both Maya and Taba . They are finally defeated by Taki .
A scruffy guy with glasses in human form , Taki initially is one of KN 's minions , carrying out various armed assaults against humans . They do switch over to the anti-KN faction after becoming disillusioned , but when one of the anti-KN assassins tries to kill Taba , they leaf them as well . Taki had been one of the abandoned cats that Socks had given Maya to care for , and they are bonded to Maya as a result , and to Taba by association .
Yajima is the typical grizzled veteran combat leader with the buzz cut and lean , muscled body . Equally at home flying a helicopter as when launching a TOW . When not in the battlefield , they are shown living in the Hounds barracks .
Yoda is a big , beefy guy with a scraggly mustache . They are often seen leading their men into various fights , or when arguing with Yuka Kikushima over who is getting into whose way . Like Yajima , Yoda apparently lives in the Hounds barracks and has no personal life outside it .
Ayumi is the only woman shown within the otherwise all-male forces . They are medium height , trim , with long black hair . Initially , they are very clumsy and does poorly in calisthenics . After meeting Taba and going on a couple of dates , they gain confidence and turns into a master-class sniper . They also live within the Hounds grounds and has little personal life outside it . However , they apparently do have an off-premises apartment . They fall in love with Taba and they do have sex in volume 15 . In vol . 16 they are shown secretly providing covering fire for Taba as they run for their life from Irie 's black ops squad .
Older daughter of Hiroyuki Kagura and Chieko Kikushima . Tall , thin , dark haired , and a big fan of horror novels , Yuma is the secret leader of Dept . 2 , and the person that determines the fate of each instance of Kagura Company . They give Irie their marching orders , and has been known to supply Yuka with newer versions of the containment software . They and Rika ( i.e. , Yuka ) were members of Kagura Co. ver . 3 , along with Luger Ryuu and two unnamed women . When Ryuu got too close to Kuro-Neko , Yuma had the two women killed , and told Ryuu to stay away from Maki once Umezaki joined ver . 4 . When Ryuu broke that agreement , Yuma had the plane they were on blown up in mid-air . When Taba , Maki and Eiko discover the island that Chieko is still living on with a number of young female were-cats , Yuma orders the island bombed , and Kagura Co. ver . 4 to be framed for killing a cop and kidnapping a young girl ( i.e. , Maya ) . Yuma does allow Yuka to be a member of Kagura ver . 5 if they forget everyone that they had been working with , and then focuses on deciding how to create the next variant of the company .
As with all members of Dept . 2 , `` Irie '' is a fake name . There have been two others before them that served their function of carrying out Yuma Kikushima 's commands . In the first few volumes , they mostly just sits in a car and observes Hound , the were-cats and Kagura Co. for Yuma . Later , they command the Hounds forces themselves from a control center in the basement of the Ministry building , as well as calling up Yuka to hire Kagura Co. to assist in recovering the stolen Russian nuke . Finally , they and 4 other goons are the ones sent out to erase Kagura Co. ver . 4 for having reached the were-cat island and learning the truth of the Kagura secrets .
A thin , dour-faced , reserved woman with black hair , Kotoi finds themselves assigned to bodyguard Irie against an assassination commissioned by a Hounds manager that is tired of Irie 's insubordination . After successfully protecting their assignment , and receiving several broken ribs because of it , Kotoi continues to follow Irie around from volumes 12 to 15 . While they wo n't go against their orders , they do not hide the fact that they really does n't like him .
Media
Manga
Written and illustrated by Akihiro Ito , Geobreeders started in Shōnen Gahōsha 's seinen manga magazine Young King OURs in 1993 . Its latest chapters was published on June 30 , 2009 , and the series has been on hiatus since . Shōnen Gahōsha has collected its chapters into individual tankōbon volumes . Sixteen volumes were released from May 24 , 1995 , to December 10 , 2010 .
In North America , the manga was licensed by CPM Manga , who only released the first five volumes from January 2000 to January 2003 .
Original video animation
A three-episode original video animation by Chaos Project , titled in Japan as , was released from May 21 to October 21 , 1998 .
Another four-episode OVA , titled , was released from July 26 , 2000 , to March 23 , 2001 .
In North America , both OVAs were licensed by Central Park Media . The first OVA was released on May 16 , 2000 , and the second on August 13 , 2002 .
References
External links
1993 manga
1998 anime OVAs
2000 anime OVAs
2000 manga
Action anime and manga
Central Park Media
Comedy anime and manga
CPM Press
Works by Yōsuke Kuroda
Seinen manga
Shōnen Gahōsha manga
Seit Memetovich Tairov ( ; 25 April 1928 4 October 1989 ) was the highest-ranking Crimean Tatar politician in Soviet Union after the Sürgün , having risen to prominence as a leader in Akkurgan and then first secretary of the Jizzakh regional committee of the Communist Party . A controversial figure among Crimean Tatars today , they are remembered for their staunch opposition to full right of return to Crimea . As a public supporter of `` taking root '' in Uzbekistan , they were one of the top signatories of the notorious `` Letter of Seventeen '' in March 1968 that downplayed Crimean Tatar struggles and discrimination in exile and urged Crimean Tatars to avoid `` succumbing '' to desires to return to Crimea .
Early life
Tairov was born on 25 April 1928 in Urkusta to a Crimean Tatar family . Their father died young , leaving their mother Zera a widow . In 1937 they left their hometown to attend a boarding school in Simferopol . Like the rest of Crimean Tatar families in Crimea , they and their family were deported from Crimea in May 1944 on orders of the government after Crimean Tatars were universally brandished as traitors . Upon arrival as a special settler in Yangiyul they were assigned to working on a state grape farm . Several years later after being promoted to an accountant they met their future wife Leniyar , a fellow deported Crimean Tatar , at an apple farm . Them father Nuri Osmanov , a communist party secretary in Sudak , was shot by the Nazis during the war . Later they married and named their son Nuri in their honor .
Career
Tairov 's career in the communist party took off in the early 1950s after some of the more draconian restrictions on special settlers were lifted . Not long after graduating from the Tashkent Agricultural Institute they were admitted to the party in 1957 , after which they began their political career in Akkurgan . Having started off as deputy chair of the district executive committee , they quickly rose up through the ranks of the party and received praise for the district exceeding cotton production quotas and achieving five-year plans early ; previously the district was underdeveloped and labeled as `` lagging behind '' its counterparts in the republic . Their career continued to grow after they signed the infamous `` Letter of Seventeen '' , an open letter to the Crimean Tatar community published in Lenin Bayrağı in March 1968 urging them to stay in Uzbekistan and stop supporting the `` provocations '' of their civil rights activists . For their role in the development of Akkurgan they were awarded the title Hero of Socialist Labour in 1972 and received by Leonid Brezhnev when they visited the Uzbek SSR , who suggested that they be promoted to first secretary of the Jizzakh regional committee , which they began in 1973 . As a result , Jizzakh became an industrial area with a sizable concentration of Crimean Tatars , but instead of rehabilitating the public image of Crimean Tatars and help right of return like many had hoped , the project had the opposite effect by further cementing the desires of the leadership of the Uzbek SSR to keep Crimean Tatars in Central Asia for economic reasons . In their capacity as secretary they publicly supported Crimean Tatar cultural initiatives such as the Haytarma dance ensemble , but described the group as `` worse than the most seedy amateur circle '' in a private letter to Sharof Rashidov . In addition to their regional positions they were a deputy in the Supreme Soviet of the USSR from 1974 to 1979 and a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Uzbek SSR .
Later years and downfall
After being relieved of their post as first secretary of Jizzakh for financial corruption in 1978 they were briefly appointed as Minister of Forestry for the Uzbek SSR , but was forced to leave upon being expelled from the party not long afterward . They struggled to find a job , but was eventually made head of a small fruit nursery in Ordzhonikidze district . After the government came up with the idea for the Mubarek zone , accounts differ as to how supportive they were of the project but it is known that they categorically refused to move to the desolate area , despite being summoned by Rashidov , who offered them the opportunity to rehabilitate themselves if they went along and moved to Mubarek . They died of a heart attack at the fruit nursery on 4 October 1989 and was buried in the Yangiyul cemetery .
Awards
Hero of Socialist Labour ( 14 December 1972 )
Two Order of Lenin ( 8 April 1971 and 14 December 1972 )
Order of the October Revolution ( 14 February 1975 )
Order of the Red Banner of Labour ( 1 March 1965 )
References
External links
`` Letter of Seventeen '' ( in Russian )
1928 births
1989 deaths
Heroes of Socialist Labour
Crimean Tatar politicians
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Edward McKenna ( 10 March 1950 – 19 January 2019 ) was a Scottish drummer who played with The Sensational Alex Harvey Band , Rory Gallagher , The Greg Lake Band , and The Michael Schenker Group . They also toured with Ian Gillan for a short period of time in 1990 , alongside fellow former SAHB member , bassist Chris Glen . They lectured in Applied Arts at North Glasgow College from 1996–2011 .
Biography
McKenna was born in Lennoxtown , Stirlingshire . They were educated at St Patrick 's High School , Coatbridge . Their studies included double bass lessons at school , several piano lessons , and a year under Glasgow big band veteran , Lester Penman . They were the drummer of The Sensational Alex Harvey Band from 1972 to 1978 , and then worked with artists including Rory Gallagher , 1978–1981 ; Greg Lake & Gary Moore in The Greg Lake Band , 1981–83 ; the Michael Schenker Group ( MSG ) , 1981–84 ; Bugatti & Musker , 1982 ; Ian Gillan ; and worked on a solo album for Nazareth singer Dan McCafferty in 1975 .
They had their own band after their time in MSG , called McKenna 's Gold . Formed at the end of 1986 , this band played together for just over two years and featured Charles Bowyer/vocals , Julian Hutson-Saxby/guitar , Alex Bowler/bass , and Steve Franklin/keyboards . Hutson-Saxby later played guitar with the reformed Sensational Alex Harvey Band after Zal Cleminson 's departure in 2008 .
In 1992 , McKenna and Zal Cleminson formed The Party Boys , an idea McKenna had in Australia whilst working with Womack and Womack . They recruited keyboardist Ronnie Leahy from Stone The Crows , and invited well-known rock singers such as Stevie Doherty , Fish , and Dan McCafferty . Soon after , the band reunited with SAHB keyboardist Hugh McKenna , Ted 's cousin , and reformed SAHB . This line-up included Stevie Doherty from Zero Zero and Peter Goes To Partick on vocals . They released the album Live In Glasgow '93 . They disbanded in 1995 after a final gig with Maggie Bell at The Kings Theatre in Glasgow .
In 2004 , McKenna reformed SAHB with remaining members Zal Cleminson , Hugh McKenna , and Chris Glen , but this time introduced vocalist Max Maxwell , formerly of The Shamen . Their farewell tour was so successful they continued to tour between 2004–2009 , including The Wickerman Festival and The Sweden Rock Festival in 2006 . The tours were : 2004 - Brick By Brick , 2005 - Zalvation , 2006 - Dogs of War , 2007 - Hail Vibrania .
In this time they released the live album Zalvation , which was the band 's first official release since Rock Drill in 1977 with Alex Harvey . They performed tours in the UK , Europe and Australia , as well as two sell-out Christmas shows in 2006 and 2007 at the ABC in their hometown of Glasgow . In 2008 , Cleminson left the band and retired from performing , and was replaced by guitarist Julian Hutson Saxby before disbanding permanently in 2008 .
Although primarily known as a rock musician , McKenna worked with jazz guitarist John Etheridge , Juno Award-winning American/Canadian blues guitarist Amos Garrett , American soul duo Womack & Womack , Paul Rose , Gwyn Ashton , The Rhumboogie Orchestra , Frank O'Hagan , and Fish . They toured with Rory Gallagher bassist Gerry McAvoy and Dutch guitar virtuoso Marcel Scherpenzeel in `` Band of Friends '' , a celebration of the music of Rory Gallagher . This band won 'Best Blues Band of 2013 ' at the European Blues Awards , and released the CD/DVD Too Much Is Not Enough . They won the 'Best Musician ( performance ) ' award at the European Blues Awards 2015 . Band of Friends released the live album Live & Kickin '' ' and the studio album Repeat After Me .
McKenna and SAHB bass player Chris Glenn reunited with Michael Schenker for Michael Schenker Fest , an anniversary line-up of all three original MSG vocalists ( Gary Barden , Graham Bonnet and Robin McAuley ) . In 2016 , the band recorded a concert in Tokyo and released a live DVD and double CD package . In 2018 , the studio album Resurrection '' was released .
Ted McKenna died on 19 January 2019 , at the age of 68 , of a hemorrhage during a routine operation for a hernia .
References
External links
Band of Friends website
1950 births
2019 deaths
Scottish rock drummers
British male drummers
People from Coatbridge
Michael Schenker Group members
Scottish educators
Batrachorhina sogai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1980 . It is known from Madagascar .
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1980
Imran Asif ( born 6 July 1990 ) is an Austrian cricketer . They played for Austria in the 2011 ICC European T20 Championship Division One tournament . In May 2021 , they were named in Austria 's squad for the 2021 Central Europe Cup . They made their Twenty20 International ( T20I ) debut on 23 May 2021 , for Austria against the Czech Republic .
References
1990 births
Living people
Austrian cricketers
Austria Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers from Sargodha
Taddeo Barberini ( 1603–1647 ) was an Italian nobleman of the House of Barberini who became Prince of Palestrina and Gonfalonier of the Church ; commander of the Papal Army . They were a nephew of Pope Urban VIII and brother of Cardinals Francesco Barberini and Antonio Barberini . Thanks to their uncle 's famous nepotism , the brothers shaped 17th-century Italian politics , religion , art , music and architecture .
Biography
Barberini was born in 1603 , the son of Carlo Barberini and Costanza Magalotti . They were the nephew of brothers cardinal Maffeo Barberini ( later Pope Urban VIII ) and Antonio Marcello Barberini ( later also Cardinal ) and of Lorenzo Magalotti . They were the brother of Francesco Barberini and Antonio Barberini , both of whom became Cardinals when their uncle became pope . Like their brothers , Taddeo was educated at the Collegio Romano .
Pontificate of Pope Urban VIII
In 1623 , Maffeo Barberini was elected as Pope Urban VIII and Taddeo Barberini 's fortunes improved considerably . Almost immediately , Barberini was appointed Gonfalonier of the Church ; Commander of the Papal Army , though during later conflicts their brother Cardinal Antonio Barberini also commanded papal and mercenary troops in the field .
In 1624 , Taddeo took control of the Duchy of Urbino , relinquished to Urban VIII after the death of Federico Ubaldo . When Francesco Maria died in 1631 , the duchy was transferred to the Papal States .
On 14 October 1627 Barberini married Anna Colonna , daughter of Filippo I Colonna , at a lavish service presided over by the pope themselves at the Castel Gandolfo . The agreement drawn up by Cardinal Fabrizio Verospi between the Barberini and Colonnas stipulated a dowry worth some 180,000 scudi which included cash and credit as well as a Colonna castle in Anticoli . It is thought the transfer of the Palestrina comune between the two families was tied to the agreement ; part of Anna Colonna 's dowry . Upon transfer , the commune became a fief of the Barberini which allowed the family to appoint one of its number as Prince of Palestrina , a title which was passed from one Barberini patriarch to another while the comune remained among family possessions . Taddeo 's son Carlo Barberini later renounced their right to inherit their father 's titles ( as they would have done as eldest son ) to become a cardinal . Taddeo 's hereditary titles therefore passed to their second son , Maffeo .
As Prince of Palestrina , Taddeo worked to improve local buildings and establish new services , even if many of them were primarily self-serving . They rebuilt the Palazzo Barberini ( which still houses the Nile mosaic of Palestrina ) and their son Maffeo later commissioned a new church nearby . Taddeo built a small private casino which operated for a few years during their administration but closed when future princes had no interest in gambling .
Pope Urban further honoured their nephew in 1631 by appointing them Governor of the Borgo , Commander of Sant'Angelo and Prefect of Rome . Taddeo 's investiture as prefect was celebrated with much pomp and extravagance .
It is estimated that by 1632 , Taddeo 's property was worth as much as 4 million scudi and that over the course of Urban VIII 's 21-year reign , Taddeo amassed 42 million scudi in personal wealth . By 1635 , income from Taddeo 's property was estimated at 100,000 scudi per year .
First War of Castro
In 1639 , Odoardo Farnese , Duke of Parma and Piacenza , came to Rome and during their visit managed to insult Taddeo 's cardinal brothers . Pope Urban responded by banning grain shipments from Farnese controlled areas . When the Farnese were then unable to pay their debts the Pope sent debt collectors . Finally the Pope troops to occupy Castro . The Pope 's forces were led by Antonio Barberini , their mercenary field commander Luigi Mattei and by Fabrizio Savelli . When Savelli proved to be an unenthusiastic commander , they were returned to Rome and Taddeo Barberini was appointed in their place .
Castro fell without significant resistance and the victory was celebrated in song by Barberini family composer , Marco Marazzoli . But the victory was short-lived and thereafter papal troops suffered a series of decisive losses . Pope Urban was forced to accept defeat and signed a peace treaty with the Farnese Dukes in an attempt to prevent them from marching on Rome itself .
Exile and death
In 1644 , Taddeo 's uncle Pope Urban VIII died and the College of Cardinals elected Pope Innocent X of the Pamphili family . At the Papal conclave of 1644 , Taddeo 's cardinal brothers engineered a deal to ensure the safety of their family 's fortunes . But the new Pope refused to honour the deal and launched an investigation into alleged financial abuses during the First War of Castro . Taddeo Barberini and their brothers were forced into exile and fled to Paris in 1646 where they were supported by Cardinal Jules Mazarin . Taddeo 's wife Anna Colonna appealed to Pope Innocent urging them to allow the Barberini to keep their property . Innocent agreed but the Barberini remained in exile for several more years .
Taddeo Barberini died in 1647 while in exile in France without ever seeing Rome again .
Issue
Taddeo and Anna Colonna had five children :
Lucrezia Barberini ( 1628–1699 ) who married Francesco I d'Este , Duke of Modena
Camilla Barberini ( 1629–1631 ) who died in infancy
Carlo Barberini ( 1630–1704 ) who became a Cardinal
Maffeo Barberini who became Prince of Palestrina
Niccolò Maria Barberini ( 1635–1699 )
Legacy
The Barberini family was reconciled with the papacy , at least in part , through Taddeo 's two sons , Carlo Barberini and Maffeo Barberini . Carlo was elevated to cardinal by Pope Innocent X and Maffeo married a grand-niece of Pope Innocent X , Olimpia Giustiniani , and in turn had a son who was elevated to cardinal , Francesco Barberini ( Junior ) . Taddeo 's daughter , Lucrezia Barberini , married Francesco I d'Este , Duke of Modena .
Barberini 's secretary , Corinzio Benicampi , accompanied the young Carlo Maratta to Rome in 1636 . The well-known Baroque artist later received one of their first commissions , The Glory of Saints , from Taddeo . The painting was finished in 1645 , two years before Taddeo 's death .
References
1603 births
1647 deaths
Taddeo
17th-century Italian nobility
Papal family members
Captains General of the Church
The MAZ-7917 ( ) is a Soviet and Russian army 14×12 Twelve-wheel drive transporter-erector-launcher designed and developed by the Minsk Automobile Plant ( MAZ ) in Belarus .
Developed primarily for use as a Topol ICBM mobile launcher , the earlier MAZ-7912 is similar in design to the MAZ-547A but has seven axles instead of six , including one dead axle . In the mid-1980s , the MAZ-7917 variant was introduced , with an additional length of and crew cabins similar to the MAZ-7916 - and at present , the 8-axle MZKT-79221 variant is used to carry the Topol M , Topol 's replacement .
See also
MAZ-7310
KAMAZ-7850
External links
http : //denisovets.ru/maz/mazpages/maz7917.html
Military vehicles of the Soviet Union
Self-propelled rocket launchers
Missile launchers
Military vehicles introduced in the 1990s
Madhumita Mohanta is an Indian chef . Mohanta is the executive chef at Great Eastern Hotel in Kolkata . They worked and lived abroad for over a decade and has cooked for distinguished personalities from sportspersons such as racing car driver Michael Schumacher to royalty . Mohanta is one of the top women chefs in India today . They are the only female executive chef in a star hotel in Kolkata .
In 2010 , they were executive sous-chef at Claridges , Surajkund in Haryana .
References
Women chefs
Indian chefs
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Victor M. Allen ( July 14 , 1870 in Petersburgh , Rensselaer County , New York – September 25 , 1916 in Saranac Lake , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Life
They were the son of Amos H. Allen and Emily J . ( Maxon ) Allen . They graduated from Columbia University in 1892 , and then engaged in the book-publishing business with the Macmillan Company . On October 3 , 1894 , they married Blanche Rebekah Percy ( 1870–1949 ) , and they had three children . They were President of the Taconic Valley Bank , of Berlin , New York .
Allen was Sheriff of Rensselaer County , New York from 1904 to 1906 ; a member of the New York State Senate ( 29th D. ) from 1909 to 1912 , sitting in the 132nd , 133rd , 134th and 135th New York State Legislatures ; and a delegate to the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1915 .
They died on September 25 , 1916 , in Saranac Lake , New York ; and was buried at the Meadowlawn Cemetery in Petersburgh .
Sources
Official New York from Cleveland to Hughes by Charles Elliott Fitch ( Hurd Publishing Co. , New York and Buffalo , 1911 , Vol . IV ; pg . 367 )
Ex-State Senator Victor M. Allen in NYT on September 27 , 1916
Who 's Who in New York ( 1911 , pg . 17 )
External links
1870 births
1916 deaths
New York ( state ) state senators
New York ( state ) Republicans
People from Petersburgh , New York
Columbia College ( New York ) alumni
Sheriffs of Rensselaer County , New York
Ghazanchi or Kazanchi may refer to :
Ghazanchi , Armenia
Meghrashen , Armenia
Qazançı ( disambiguation ) , places in Azerbaijan
The Roman Catholic Church in Angola is composed of a Latin hierarchy only , which comprises three ecclesiastical provinces , each headed by a Metropolitan Archbishop , and a total of fifteen suffragan dioceses .
Although exempt ( i.e . immediately subject to the Holy See ) , the Diocese of São Tomé and Príncipe , an Atlantic island country which shares a Portuguese colonial history ( and linguistic legacy ) with Angola , is part of the transnational Episcopal Conference of Angola and São Tomé , while neither has a national Episcopal Conference .
Neither country has an Eastern Catholic or pre-diocesan jurisdiction .
There is an Apostolic Nunciature to Angola ( in national capital Luanda ) as papal diplomatic representation ( embassy-level ) , into which is also vested the Apostolic Nunciature to São Tomé and Príncipe .
Current Latin sees
Angola
Ecclesiastical Province of Huambo
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Huambo
Diocese of Benguela
Diocese of Kwito-Bié
Ecclesiastical Province of Luanda
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Luanda
Diocese of Cabinda
Diocese of Caxito
Diocese of Mbanza Congo
Diocese of Sumbe
Diocese of Viana
Ecclesiastical Province of Lubango
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Lubango
Diocese of Menongue
Diocese of Ondjiva
Diocese of Namibe
Ecclesiastical Province of Malanje
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Malanje
Diocese of Ndalatando
Diocese of Uíje
Ecclesiastical Province of Saurimo
Metropolitan Archdiocese of Saurímo
Diocese of Dundo
Diocese of Lwena
Exempt Latin in São Tomé and Príncipe
Diocese of São Tomé and Príncipe
See also
List of Roman Catholic dioceses in Angola by name
List of Catholic dioceses ( structured view )
Catholic Church in Angola
Catholic Church in São Tomé and Príncipe
Defunct jurisdictions
Excluding precursors of present sees ( usually pre-diocesan ) .
There are no titular sees .
In Angola , one was suppressed without ( direct ) successor :
Mission sui juris of Cunene
Sources and external links
GCatholic.org - data for every section .
Catholic-Hierarchy
Angola
Catholic dioceses
Catholic dioceses
Somerden was a hundred , a historical land division , in the county of Kent , England . It occupied the southwest corner of Kent , in the southern part of the Lathe of Sutton-at-Hone , within in the west division of Kent . The hundred was one of the last to be created in Kent , unlike the majority of Kent hundreds , it was not formally constituted in the Domesday Book of 1086 , but came into being sometime after . Today the area is mostly rural and located in the southern part of the Sevenoaks District , south of Sevenoaks and west of Tonbridge . Somerden Hundred was approximately wide east to west , and long north to south , and had a small exclave about out from its south east corner . In the 1831 census Somerden was recorded as having an area of . The population in that census was recorded as 3,924 , of which 2,078 were male and 1,846 were female , who belonged to 734 families living in 567 houses .
In the later years of its existence the Oxted Line and Redhill to Tonbridge Line railway lines were constructed through the hundred . Somerden , like the other hundreds in Kent , became less significant gradually over time , and although never formally abolished , it was obsolete by 1894 with the creation of new districts . The majority of Somerden became part of the Sevenoaks Rural District in 1894 , which in turn merged with the Sevenoaks Urban District in 1974 to become the Sevenoaks District which remains up to present day .
Parishes
Parishes that were recorded as being in the hundred were Cowden , and Penhurst , and parts of Leigh , Hever , Chiddingstone , Speldhurst , Edinbridge . and Chevening Only Cowden , and Penhurst were always recorded as being completely within Somerden , the other parishes had parts in Somerden and parts in other hundreds . Somerden existed for several centuries , the borders of the parishes or which hundred they were considered a part of , changed slightly over the years of its existence , not all censuses and other sources list the same parishes . The Hundred of Codsheath , to the north of Somerden , was sometimes recorded as including parts of the Leigh parish . The parishes of Hever , Chiddingstone were in the geographic area of Somerden and mostly within the hundred , but parts of those parishes were also sometimes recorded as belonging to the hundreds of Codsheath and Ruxley to the north in exclaves of those hundreds . Somerden was also recorded to have an exclave of its own to the east , containing part of the parish of Spelhurst , which was in the geographic area of the Wachlingstone hundred which the other part the parish belonged to . The parish in the northwest of Somerden , was Edinbridge and was recorded as partly belonging to the Somerden A Hundred , and partly belonging to a smaller a hundred named , Westerham and Edinbridge . Chevening , the northernmost parish of the hundred , was sometimes recorded as part of Somerden like in the 1831 census , but was also recorded at other times as belonging to the Codsheath A Hundred . The parish churches of Hever , Cowden , Chiddingstone , Penhurst , Leigh and Speldhurst were within the Somerden A Hundred , but the parish churches of Chevening and Eatonbridge were within other hundreds .
References
Hundreds of Kent
The South Cotabato Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan ( provincial legislature ) of the Philippine province of South Cotabato .
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting : the province is divided into two districts , the first district sending three members , and the second district sending seven members to the provincial board ; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends . The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer , and only votes to break ties . The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide .
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of South Cotabato .
Aside from the regular members , the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay ( ABC , from its old name `` Association of Barangay Captains '' ) , the Sangguniang Kabataan ( SK , youth councils ) and the Philippine Councilors League ( PCL ) . South Cotabato 's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people ( IPMR ) .
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 local elections and 2022 barangay and SK elections :
Vice Governor : Arthur Pingoy Jr. ( PFP )
References
Politics of South Cotabato
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Walls ( stylized as WALLS ) is the seventh studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon . It was released on October 14 , 2016 , by RCA Records . The album title is an acronym for We Are Like Love Songs , which continues the band 's unwritten rule of having five-syllable album titles .
Background
Following a New Year 's Eve show in Nashville , Nathan Followill said the band was aiming to release album seven in 2016 : `` We 've already started pre-production in our studio for the next record , but the main thing on the calendar for 2016 is getting the record finished . And then the whole press machine kicks up and doing press for the record . '' Caleb Followill added , `` We enjoy this part of the process . Obviously there 's a lot of work that goes into it and it can get stressful at times , but we 're all in a good place and we 're having fun with it and we 're all excited to do something new . '' The album was recorded at Henson Studios in Los Angeles , with Caleb saying the band was looking for inspiration : `` We might just try to get a little change of scenery . Our first two albums we recorded in L.A. , so we 're going to try to go back and see if it inspires us , '' they said . `` If it does n't , we always have a studio at home , so we can always come back . ''
In August , the band announced that album title would be We Are Like Love Songs ( aka WALLS ) , and that it would be released on October 14 , 2016 .
Promotion
On September 10 , 2016 , Kings of Leon headlined at the Saturday evening Lollapalooza Europe music festival , in Berlin , Germany , which featured songs from all their albums , plus the new `` Waste a Moment '' . Kings of Leon performed `` Waste a Moment '' on Today and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on October 14 , 2016 .
The Walls Tour began on January 12 , 2017 .
On January 18 , 2017 , Kings of Leon performed `` Reverend '' on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon .
Singles
The album 's lead single , `` Waste a Moment '' , was released on September 9 , 2016 . The song peaked at number one on Billboard 's Alternative Songs chart , their first chart topper since 2010 .
`` Walls '' was released as a single on September 23 , 2016 .
Kings of Leon released an official video for the track `` Find Me '' in December 2016 which acted as a companion clip to their video for single ‘ Waste a Moment ' .
The second official single , `` Reverend '' , was sent to alternative radio on February 7 , 2017 . It was previously released as the album 's third promotional single on October 6 , 2016 .
The third official single , `` Around the World '' , was sent to alternative radio on September 19 , 2017 . It was previously released as the album 's second promotional single on September 29 , 2016 .
Critical reception
Metacritic , which uses a weighted average , assigned a score of 62 out of 100 based on 23 critics , indicating `` generally favorable reviews '' . Dave Simpson of The Guardian said that with the album , the band returned to its sound from eight years ago . Rolling Stones Will Hermes admired producer Markus Dravs 's `` job of translating Followill 's signature sound slurred delivery and the band 's muscular jangle into thicker arrangements , though the rest feel generic . ''
Accolades
Commercial performance
Walls debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with 77,000 album-equivalent units , of which 68,000 were traditional album sales . The next week , the album fell from number one to 20 , making it the 10th largest drop from number one on the Billboard 200 as of December 2016 . It was the biggest drop of the year until Bon Jovi released This House Is Not for Sale in November 2016 . It is Kings of Leon 's first number one album in the US , besting the number two peak of Mechanical Bull and Come Around Sundown . It also debuted at number one in Ireland , New Zealand , and the UK .
Track listing
Personnel
Kings of Leon
Caleb Followill – lead and backing vocals , guitar , percussion
Matthew Followill – backing vocals , guitar , percussion
Jared Followill – backing vocals , bass guitar , percussion
Nathan Followill – backing vocals , drums , percussion
Additional musicians
Liam O'Neil – background vocals , Clavinet , Jupiter-8 , Mellotron , Minimoog , percussion , piano , prophet synthesizer , synthesizer , Wurlitzer
Production
Robin Baynton – engineer
Anthony Cairns – assistant
Markus Dravs – producer
Nicolas Essig – assistant engineer
Christopher Followill – assistant
Michael Freeman – mixing assistant
Britti Himelfarb – assistant
Ted Jensen – mastering
Dylan Nelson – assistant engineer
Brent Rawlings – assistant
Mitch Salle – assistant
Jay Schleusener – assistant
Spike Stent – mixing
Geoff Swan – mixing assistant
Jessica Windsor – assistant
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Ultimate Guitar review
2016 albums
Albums produced by Markus Dravs
Kings of Leon albums
RCA Records albums
Mayrhofen is a town in the Zillertal ( Ziller river valley ) in the Austrian state of Tyrol . It is located approximately an hour from the Tyrolean capital city of Innsbruck .
Population
Tourism
The town offers a variety of summer and winter sports including skiing , hiking , mountain biking and paragliding . Mayrhofen is situated near the Hintertux glacier , which , at above sea level , is above the snowline . Skiing is available all year round here . Mayrhofen sits between the Penken and the Ahorn mountains which provide ski runs in the winter and mountain biking , hiking and paragliding in the summer . The Ahorn offers mainly easy and intermediate runs , but also has a long , steep black run ( formerly red ) which was once on the World Cup Downhill circuit but was removed as it was deemed too dangerous . The Penken mountain offers Austria 's steepest piste , named Harakiri , as well as a large range of ski runs at different levels of difficulty . It is connected by lifts with the villages of Finkenberg , Lanersbach and Schwendau .
The Penken is reached by a Gondola system which is located on the main street next to the Sport Hotel Strass , in the centre of the village , while the Ahorn Cable car , which with a capacity of 160 passengers is the largest cable car in Austria , is situated at the southern end of the town . Mayrhofen is a snowboard-minded village with a funpark sponsored by Vans , and the snowboardhotel Gasthof Zillertal owned by the Dutch organisation 'SAIKO expeditions ' . Mountaineer Peter Habeler and Downhill Racer Uli Spiess both come from Mayrhofen .
The town also provides an excellent base for walkers , as Mayrhofen is home to many trails touring the mountains and nearby Ziller valley .
Events
Each spring ( usually early April ) , Mayrhofen hosts the Snowbombing music festival . Since the initial event in 2000 ( held in Risoul , France ) , snowbombing has gathered much notoriety and respect in the electronic dance music world as one of the major festivals . The event has been hosted by Mayrhofen since 2005 .
Climate
Transport
Mayrhofen has one railway station , which is located next to the Zillertaler Bundestrasse . The station is a terminus for all Train services operated by the Zillertalbahn , the valley 's main public transport operator . The railway runs between Jenbach and Mayrhofen itself , and there are several intermediate stations , which provide access to many of the valley 's well known ski areas , namely Zell am Ziller ( Zillertal 3000 ) , Fügen ( Spieljoch ) and Uderns ( for the Hochfügen and Kaltenbach ski areas ) . The railway operates year-round , although in summer additional 'special ' services operate , such as a steam train service .
The Zillertalbahn also run bus routes in the valley , which are regular and cover an extensive area . Additional services also operate during the winter , to cater for the skiing season .
Statistics
Elevation : Top : ( with ski-lift )
Lifts : 48
Terrain : of groomed slopes in the region
Twin towns
Chur , Switzerland
Bad Tölz , Germany
Bad Homburg , Germany
Terracina , Italy
Cabourg , France
Bad Mondorf , Luxembourg
Beilngries , Germany
Hinterzarten , Germany
References
External links
Mayrhofen Secrets
Mayrhofen Business Directory
Official Mayrhofen Tourist Information site
Mayrhofen cable car company
Zillertaler Flugschule - Paraglide & Hangglide
Cities and towns in Schwaz District
Ski areas and resorts in Austria
The Republican Party ( , ) is a centrist liberal party in Tunisia . It was formed on 9 April 2012 as a merger of the Progressive Democratic Party ( PDP ) , Afek Tounes and the Tunisian Republican Party , several minor parties and independents . The party is led by Maya Jribi who was previously the secretary-general of the PDP . The party held 11 out of 217 seats and was the largest oppositional party in the National Constituent Assembly of Tunisia . The party withdrew from the Union for Tunisia coalition , though it is still part of the National Salvation Front .
After the founding congress , nine assemblymen elected for the PDP contested the leadership vote and temporarily suspended their party membership . Those 9 members became part of the Democratic Alliance Party .
After the 2019 parliamentary election the party had no seats .
References
2012 establishments in Tunisia
Political parties established in 2012
Liberal parties in Tunisia
Beyarslania is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There is at least one described species in Beyarslania , B. insolens , found in Africa .
References
Microgastrinae
Babaninka ( ) is a rural locality ( ) in Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement , Fatezhsky District , Kursk Oblast , Russia . Population :
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
The yellow-crowned tyrannulet ( Tyrannulus elatus ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae . It is monotypic within the genus Tyrannulus . It is found in Bolivia , Brazil , Colombia , Costa Rica , Ecuador , French Guiana , Guyana , Panama , Peru , Suriname , and Venezuela , where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest , subtropical or tropical swamps , and heavily degraded former forest .
References
yellow-crowned tyrannulet
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
yellow-crowned tyrannulet
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pavel Pavlovich Latushko ( , ; born 10 February 1973 ) is a Belarusian politician and diplomat . They were the Minister of Culture of the Republic of Belarus from 2009 to 2012 .
Biography
Education
Latushko graduated from the law faculty of the Belarusian State University in 1995 , and Minsk State Linguistic University in 1996 .
Career
From 1995 to 1996 , they were the attaché of the contractual and legal department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Belarus . They then served from 1996 to 2000 as the Vice Consul , Consul of the Consulate General of the Republic of Belarus in Bialystok ( Poland ) . Following that , they were the head of the information department and press secretary of the Belarusian Foreign Ministry from 2000 to 2002 .
From 6 December 2002 to 31 October 2008 , they were Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Belarus to the Republic of Poland . They then served as the Minister of Culture of the Republic of Belarus from 4 June 2009 to 16 November 2012 . Since 16 November 2012 , they served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Belarus to the French Republic , Permanent Representative of the Republic of Belarus to UNESCO . On 20 May 2013 they were appointed concurrently Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Belarus to the Kingdom of Spain and to the Portuguese Republic . On 15 January 2019 , they were relieved of their post as ambassador .
In March 2019 , they were appointed director of the Yanka Kupala National Academic Theater .
2020 election protests
During the 2020 Belarusian protests , they supported the strike of the theater artists , and spoke in favor of the resignation of Yury Karaev and Lidia Yermoshina . Because of their support , Latushko was fired on 17 August . Theatre artists applied en masse for the resignation in support of Pavel Latushko .
On 19 August , Latushko became a member of the presidium of Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya 's Coordination Council .
On 20 August , Alexander Konyuk , the Prosecutor-General of Belarus , initiated criminal proceedings against the members of the Coordination Council under Article 361 of the Belarusian Criminal Code , on the grounds of attempting to seize state power and harming national security .
In the closing days of August , Latushko moved to Poland after being questioned by authorities . `` His departure came a day after Lukashenko warned that Latushko had crossed a red line and would face prosecution . ''
In late October 2020 , Latushko became the head of National Anti-Crisis Management , a shadow government created by the Belarusian Coordination Council for the peaceful transition of power following the 2020 Belarusian presidential election .
On 9 August 2022 , Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya declared at a conference held in Vilnius , Lithuania , the declaration of `` a united interim government '' . Latushko is the responsible person for the transition of power in it .
Ranks and classes
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the 2nd class ( 6 December 2002 ) .
First class civil servant ( 4 June 2009 ) .
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary ( 16 November 2012 ) .
Personal life
In addition to Russian and Belarusian , they speak English and Polish . Their ex-wife Natalia is the wife of the Belarusian diplomat and statesman Maxim Ryzhenkov .
References
1973 births
Living people
Diplomats from Minsk
Belarusian State University alumni
Ambassadors of Belarus to France
Ambassadors of Belarus to Spain
Ambassadors of Belarus to Portugal
Ambassadors of Belarus to Poland
Permanent Delegates of Belarus to UNESCO
Uživo sa Egzit-a ! / Live At Exit ! is a live DVD release by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplin A Kitschme , released by PGP RTS in 2006 . The recording consists of the band performance at the 2005 Novi Sad Exit Festival . This is one of the first releases by the new , Belgrade version of the band .
Track listing
All tracks by Koja .
Personnel
The band
Koja ( Dušan Kojić ) — bass , vocals , music by , lyrics by , mixed by , artwork by [ design ]
Buca ( Miloš Velimir ) — drums , vocals
Manja ( Manja Đorđević ) — vocals
PP — percussion -
Additional personnel
Cvele ( Miroslav Cvetković ) — mastered by
Vlada Marjanović — other [ video post production ]
Stanislav Milojković — photography
Boris Mladenović — recorded by
References
External links
Uživo sa Egzit-a ! / Live At Exit ! at Discogs
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006 , Janjatović Petar ;
2006 video albums
Serbian-language albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
2006 live albums
Live video albums
PGP-RTS live albums
PGP-RTS video albums
Hyperlink cinema is a style of filmmaking characterised by complex or multilinear narrative structures with multiple characters under one unifying theme .
History
The term was coined by author Alissa Quart , who used the term in their review of the film Happy Endings ( 2005 ) for the film journal Film Comment in 2005 . Film critic Roger Ebert popularized the term when reviewing the film Syriana in 2005 . These films are not hypermedia and do not have actual hyperlinks , but are multilinear in a more metaphorical sense .
In describing Happy Endings , Quart considers captions acting as footnotes and split screen as elements of hyperlink cinema and notes the influence of the World Wide Web and multitasking . Playing with time and characters ' personal history , plot twists , interwoven storylines between multiple characters , jumping between the beginning and end ( flashback and flashforward ) are also elements . Ebert further described hyperlink cinema as films where the characters or action reside in separate stories , but a connection or influence between those disparate stories is slowly revealed to the audience ; illustrated in Mexican director Alejandro González Iñárritu 's films Amores perros ( 2000 ) , 21 Grams ( 2003 ) , and Babel ( 2006 ) .
Quart suggests that director Robert Altman created the structure for the genre and demonstrated its usefulness for combining interlocking stories in their films Nashville ( 1975 ) and Short Cuts ( 1993 ) . However , their work was predated by several films , including Satyajit Ray 's Kanchenjunga ( 1962 ) , Federico Fellini 's Amarcord ( 1973 ) , and Ritwik Ghatak 's Titash Ekti Nadir Naam ( 1973 ) , all of which use a narrative structure based on multiple characters .
Quart also mentions the television series 24 and discusses Alan Rudolph 's film Welcome to L.A. ( 1976 ) as an early prototype . Crash ( 2004 ) is an example of the genre , as are Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic ( 2000 ) , Fernando Meirelles 's City of God ( 2002 ) , Stephen Gaghan 's Syriana ( 2005 ) and Rodrigo Garcia 's Nine Lives ( 2005 ) .
The style is also used in video games . French video game company Quantic Dream has produced games , such as Heavy Rain and Detroit : Become Human , with hyperlink cinema style storytelling , and the style has also influenced role-playing games such as Suikoden III ( 2001 ) and Octopath Traveler ( 2018 ) .
Analysis
The hyperlink cinema narrative and story structure can be compared to social science 's spatial analysis . As described by Edward Soja and Costis Hadjimichalis spatial analysis examines the `` 'horizontal experience ' of human life , the spatial dimension of individual behavior and social relations , as opposed to the 'vertical experience ' of history , tradition , and biography . '' English critic John Berger notes for the novel that `` it is scarcely any longer possible to tell a straight story sequentially unfolding in time '' for `` we are too aware of what is continually traversing the story line laterally . ''
An academic analysis of hyperlink cinema appeared in the journal ‘ 'Critical Studies in Media Communication , '' and referred to the films as Global Network Films . Narine 's study examines the films Traffic ( 2000 ) , Amores perros ( 2000 ) , 21 Grams ( 2003 ) , Beyond Borders ( 2003 ) , Crash ( 2004 ; released 2005 ) , Syriana ( 2005 ) , Babel ( 2006 ) and others , citing network theorist Manuel Castells and philosophers Michel Foucault and Slavoj Žižek . The study suggests that the films are network narratives that map the network society and the new connections citizens experience in the age of globalization .
Alberto Toscano and Jeff Kinkle have argued that one popular form of hyperlink cinema constitutes a contemporary form of it-narrative , an 18th- and 19th-century genre of fiction written from the imagined perspective of objects as they move between owners and social environments . In these films , they argue , `` the narrative link is the characters ' relation to the film 's product of choice , whether it be guns , cocaine , oil , or Nile perch . ''
Examples
Films
Grand Hotel ( 1932 )
Dinner at Eight ( 1933 )
The Rules of the Game ( 1939 )
Kanchenjunga ( 1962 )
Is Paris Burning ? ( 1966 )
Amarcord ( 1973 )
Titash Ekti Nadir Naam ( 1973 )
The Phantom of Liberty ( 1974 )
Zavallilar ( 1974 )
Nashville ( 1975 )
Welcome to L.A. ( 1976 )
Yol ( 1981 )
After Hours ( 1985 )
Hannah and Them Sisters ( 1986 )
Do the Right Thing ( 1989 )
Mystery Train ( 1989 )
Grand Canyon ( 1991 )
Slacker ( 1991 )
Dazed and Confused ( 1993 )
Short Cuts ( 1993 )
Three Colours : Red ( 1993 )
Before the Rain ( 1994 )
Exotica ( 1994 )
Pulp Fiction ( 1994 )
Gummo ( 1997 )
Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ( 1998 )
The Opposite of Sex ( 1998 )
Happiness ( 1998 )
Playing by Heart ( 1998 )
Go ( 1999 )
Magnolia ( 1999 )
Code Unknown ( 2000 )
Timecode ( 2000 )
Amores perros ( 2000 )
Snatch ( 2000 )
Traffic ( 2000 )
Lantana ( 2001 )
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing ( 2001 )
City of God ( 2002 )
11:14 ( 2003 )
Elephant ( 2003 )
Love , Actually ( 2003 )
21 Grams ( 2003 )
Cape of Good Hope ( 2004 )
Crash ( 2004 )
Aayutha Ezhuthu ( 2004 )
Happy Endings ( 2005 )
Syriana ( 2005 )
Nine Lives ( 2005 )
Sin City ( 2005 )
Inland Empire ( 2006 )
Look Both Ways ( 2006 )
Babel ( 2006 )
Life in a ... Metro ( 2007 )
The Edge of Heaven ( 2007 )
Rendition ( 2007 )
You , the Living ( 2007 )
The Air I Breathe ( 2008 )
Gomorrah ( 2008 )
Mumbai Meri Jaan ( 2008 )
Vantage Point ( 2008 )
Ajami ( 2009 )
Powder Blue ( 2009 )
Watchmen ( 2009 )
Hereafter ( 2010 )
Vedam ( 2010 )
Answers to Nothing ( 2011 )
Bombay March 12 ( 2011 )
Contagion ( 2011 )
Cloud Atlas ( 2012 )
Disconnect ( 2012 )
Ship of Theseus ( 2012 )
The Big Short ( 2015 )
Dunkirk ( 2017 )
Maanagaram ( 2017 )
Odu Raja Odu ( 2018 )
Super Deluxe ( 2019 )
The French Dispatch ( 2021 )
Kasada Thapara ( 2021 )
Everything Everywhere All at Once ( 2022 )
Video games
Suikoden III ( 2001 )
Indigo Prophecy ( 2005 )
Heavy Rain ( 2010 )
Resident Evil 6 ( 2012 )
Until Dawn ( 2015 )
Octopath Traveler ( 2018 )
Detroit : Become Human ( 2018 )
Directors associated with hyperlink cinema
Paul Thomas Anderson
Satyajit Ray
Alejandro González Iñárritu
Quentin Tarantino
Robert Altman
The Wachowskis
Tom Tykwer
Steven Soderbergh
Richard Linklater
See also
Anthology film
Composite film
Nonlinear ( arts )
Cinema of India
Ensemble cast
References
External links
Jason Kottke 's explanation of the origin of the term
Film genres
Film styles
Concepts in film theory
History of film
2000s neologisms
2005 neologisms
1930s in film
1960s in film
1970s in film
1980s in film
1990s in film
2000s in film
2010s in film
2020s in film
Postmodern art
Galli Galli Sim Sim is the Hindi language adaptation of the American children 's television series Sesame Street ( famous for its Muppets ) , for India . For the first five seasons it was co-produced by Sesame Workshop and Turner Entertainment , through Miditech . The show 's Indian production company is known as Sesame Workshop India .
Production of the show is based in Delhi . Filming of the first season 's 65 half-hour episodes began in February 2006 , with the premiere held on 15 August 2006 . Until now the show has produced 10 seasons .
Funding for the initial development phase of Sesame Workshop India was provided through the support of the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) , ICICI Bank and Turner Broadcasting .
Format
Episodes are similar in format to that of the originating series . The show consists of street scenes , segments ( some filmed locally with Indian actors and children , some Indian animation , some are classic American Muppet skits dubbed in Hindi ) and include four new Indian Muppets specially created for the subcontinent 's children . The puppet characters include Indian boy and girl Muppets , a character based on traditional Indian folk tales and an animal Muppet .
About 157 million children in India are watching the show on Indian children 's TV channels , Turner 's Cartoon Network , Pogo TV and Doordarshan .
In a country with more than 15 official languages — not including English — Turner and Sesame Workshop had their work cut out deciding which language the show should be broadcast in . They decided to launch the shows in Hindi , with a few English words in each episode . Producers hope to make Sesame India available in other languages in the next few years .
Characters
Jugaadu , `` who likes to find innovative solutions to fix problems , and does not view their disability as a handicap '' .
Basha Bhaijaan , `` who owns a corner store and knows several Indian languages '' .
Sid , `` who is a cool , smart child and Googly is a fan of their style and dancing '' .
Dawa Di , Basha 's wife , who is from North East India , and teaches dance .
Kabir , Basha Bhaijaan and Dawa Di 's son , who is an active and curious eight-year-old .
Col. Albert Pinto , a retired army person , is an advocate for healthy living and civic sense .
Rukmini Pinto ( Doctor Aunty ) , Col. Pinto 's wife . A doctor by profession , they are a combination of contemporary and traditional wisdom .
Chamki , a tomboyish five-year-old girl , dressed most often , in a school uniform . Chamki is warm , friendly , sensitive and has a knack for problem-solving . They also know karate and plays the electric guitar . Chamki has a brown tied back into two pigtails with blue bows . They wear a white shirt , sleeveless light blue dress , white socks and black shoes . In the Galli , Chamki is very popular and a mascot for girl-child education and school readiness in India . They are the main protagonist of the series . Played by Ghazal Javed
Boombah , an eight feet tall , pink lion equivalent of Big Bird , is a vegetarian , and loves to dance , exercise and eat healthy . From the royal family of Boombahgarh , Boombah is the star drummer in the Galli and is often seen with headphones shaking a leg under a tree . Boombah is the Galli 's loudest roar resounding in every corner and now available for your listening pleasure digitally . Played by Manish Sachdeva
Googly , Googly is a six-year-old , adorable and furry blue monster with a penchant for asking tricky questions . Googly is renowned for playing cricket and loves . Played by Gaurav Srivastava
Aanchoo , a purple creature who is a storehouse of interesting stories from all over the world . Them enigmatic character can vanish and appear at will and is often insightful , solution-oriented and helps the rest of the Galli cast on their many escapades . In the new season 6 of Galli Galli Sim Sim for the first time Aanchoo brings their Auto Library . Like they say every cloud has a silver lining , Aanchoo has a book with a solution to every problem imaginable . Played by Sangya Ojha
Grover , Grover is a tall , gangly , dark-blue monster who speaks in a variety of Indian accents . In the new season Grover owns a Dhaba in the Galli which is the best and the most hygienic Dhaba in the Galli . Grover is associated with disruptive fun and learning . Grover 's over enthusiasm to help others get in the way at times . Grover gives information on various subjects but then again has an unexpected take on it .
Hero , In the season 6 of Galli Galli Sim Sim , we have a new friend in the Galli , Hero . They are an orange coloured Muppet who loves to dress themselves up . They are fascinated by Bollywood and takes themselves to be a star . Hero recites dialogues from popular Bollywood movies and boasts about the celebrities they claim to know . They are funny , has a little attitude but is a lovable character . They often visit Grover 's Dhaba in the Galli with their swift charm though gets quickly frustrated by Grover 's well-meaning but bumbling antics . Played by Hashim Haider .
Khadoosa , As the name suggests , they are the grouchy neighbour in the Galli but is never intentionally mean . Though they keep to himself , much to their exasperation , gets dragged into the Galli goings-on ! Despite being quite different from the rest of the Galli residents who are cheerful , Khadoosa is very much at home here . They often boast about their garden and is proud to have the best plants under their care .
Elmo , a three and a half year old red and furry monster who loves words on the Galli Galli Sim Sim word of the day segment . Elmo is cheerful , enthusiastic and loves building their vocabulary .
Bert and Ernie , Bert is the long-suffering sidekick of Ernie . They are more mature and analytical and they consider themselves the voice of reason in their relationship . Though Bert is wise , they can be rather eccentric . They collect bottle caps and paper clips , plays the tuba and loves Bernice , their pet pigeon . Bert is not always a willing participant in Ernie 's escapades ; they correctly sense that the tables are destined to turn on them or they will end up on the short end of the stick . However , Bert always forgives Ernie , forever remaining their 'old buddy . ' Ernie , the outgoing foil to the more serious and responsible Bert , is great at explaining things , but can sometimes be a bit too smart for their own good . Ernie talks themselves into some tight corners and often falls prey to their own jokes , yet their free-spirited approach to their successes and failures makes them one of Sesame Street 's most enduring and likeable characters . For the first time in Galli Galli Sim Sim – Season 6 , Claymation ( clay animations ) is used in an all new segment called the Bert & Ernie 's Great Adventures . Bert & Ernie will take children on adventures to exotic places like the Cherrapunji , Antarctica , The Himalayas , Australia , and Goa .
Chamki Ki Duniya
An animated series Chamki Ki Duniya based on the character `` Chamki '' aired on Pogo from 2015 to 2016 .
References
External links
Sesame Workshop India official web site ( offline )
Sesame Schoolhouse official web site
Indiatelevision.com 's special report on the show
Indian children 's television series
Cartoon Network ( Indian TV channel ) original programming
2006 Indian television series debuts
2014 Indian television series endings
Sesame Street international co-productions
Television shows featuring puppetry
Puppetry in India
DD National original programming
Indian television series based on American television series
Ustye ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 249 as of 2002 .
Geography
Ustye is located 37 km southwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Lyubavchikha is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
John Charles Courtright ( born May 30 , 1970 ) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Cincinnati Reds .
Courtright graduated from Marion Harding High School in Marion , Ohio , played college baseball at Duke and was selected in the eighth round of the 1991 Major League Baseball draft by the Reds .
In April 1994 , while pitching for the Chattanooga Lookouts , Courtright was the first pitcher to face Birmingham Barons outfielder Michael Jordan in a regular season game . They struck Jordan out twice but asked for their autograph on the following day .
On May 6 , 1995 , they and Scott Sullivan were promoted to Cincinnati 's Major League roster to replace Willie Greene and Johnny Ruffin . They made their debut on the same day at the age of 25 at Riverfront Stadium against the New York Mets . In the eighth inning , manager Davey Johnson double-switched them and Jerome Walton into the game for Deion Sanders and Scott Sullivan respectively . They pitched one inning and gave up one earned run and never pitched in the big leagues again .
A month after their Major League debut , they were traded to the Minnesota Twins for Dave McCarty .
Courtright served as an agent after retiring , representing such players as Zack Greinke , Jon Lester , Patrick Corbin , J . A. Happ , Clay Buchholz , Adam Lind , B.J . Ryan , Glen Perkins and Austin Kearns . They also represented manager John Farrell and former Reds teammate Scott Sullivan .
References
External links
Living people
1970 births
American sports agents
Bowie Baysox players
Billings Mustangs players
Charleston Wheelers players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Cincinnati Reds players
Duke Blue Devils baseball players
Hardware City Rock Cats players
Indianapolis Indians players
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Marion , Ohio
Salt Lake Buzz players
Norweto ( a contraction of `` North West Township '' ) was a low-cost suburban development proposed in 1986 for black South Africans during the Apartheid era in South Africa . It was closer to northern suburbs , which consisted of both affluent white areas and very rural multi-racial area than Soweto ( upon which it was based ) , and the development was canceled after complaints from the `` Greenbelt Action Group '' , among others .
The Green Belt Action Group was founded in 1986 by a group of smallholders situates North of Johannesburg ( in a declared Green Belt ) to oppose the `` Draft Guide Plan for the Pretoria . Witwatersrand , Vereeniging ( PWV ) '' . The group consisted of an eclectic group of people of a variety of original Nationalities and professions . Their political views ranged from far right to far left .
The primary opposition from the Greenbelt Action Group was because the proposed township development was to be on protected greenbelt land . In addition , the area had a reputation for being a safe haven for all races , including multi-racial couples .
The Draft Guide plan was an ill-conceived and essentially ill researched plan for the development of the huge PWV area it embraced proposed highways , townships , water reticulation and agriculture to name a few . In essence the whole plan was a product of the Apartheid era , Norweto for example was supported by the Town of Randburg , a town that practiced a `` White by Night Policy and was some 20 km from the town with the only access via a single lane road . The name Norweto was a small part of it and was not a Government name but one `` invented ' by the Environmental Editor of a Johannesburg Daily Newspaper . GAG raised over 250,000 written objections to the Guide plan by means of public meetings , media articles and interviews . Their efforts all being during a declared State of Emergency . Eventually they were invited ( at their own expense ) to sit on a Government Planning Committee .
References
History of South Africa
Cancelled cities
HM Prison Northallerton was a prison in Northallerton , North Yorkshire , England . It operated from 1788 until December 2013 . During that time , it variously housed male and female adult prisoners , women with children , youth offenders , and military prisoners . Latterly Them Majesty 's Prison Service struggled to keep the old prison operating to modern standards , and citing the costs of doing so and the relatively small size of the institution , it closed the prison in 2014 . The prison was bought by Hambleton District Council , which is currently redeveloping the site .
History
In 1783 , the Justices of the North Riding of Yorkshire decided to close the existing house of correction in Thirsk and replace it with a larger custom-built facility in nearby Northallerton . The Diocese of Durham donated an area of marshland east of the town 's High Street . Prolific Yorkshire architect and engineer John Carr was engaged to design the new prison - Carr designed a quadrangle of four buildings , although at first only one was constructed . This initial jail ( which cost 3,411 pounds 3 shillings and 11 pence ) opened in 1788 . The building had twelve cells for men and five for women ( although a number of prisoners slept in each cell ) . A courthouse was added on the north side in 1800 - it was connected to the jail by a tunnel . When James Neild visited the prison ( then called Northallerton Bridewell ) in September 1802 it held 15 prisoners .
The prison 's female wing was built on the quadrangle 's east side in 1818 , and the prison Governor 's house and two further wings were added in the 1820s . Treadmills were installed in the 1820s ; at one time Northallerton had the largest treadmill in the world . Two new wings , both three-storey , were built in the early 1850s .
The prison was closed in 1922 and the premises mothballed . On the outbreak of World War II it was transferred to the British Army for use as a storage depot and later a training facility for Royal Military Police officers . In 1943 the army began using the site as a `` glasshouse '' , a military prison . In 1946 some prisoners , aggrieved that the end of the war had not led to the remission of their sentences , rioted , damaging the cell block and throwing roof slates into the street .
In 1964 the prison became a Young Offenders Institution .
The courthouse , which had been superseded by a modern building on Racecourse Lane , was demolished in 1989 .
In May 2003 , a report by Them Majesty 's Chief Inspector of Prisons commended Northallerton Prison for its improvement . Previously inspection reports had highlighted problems with bullying , poor sanitation and lack of exercise facilities at the jail . The report noted improvements in these areas but called on Northallerton to do more to help resettle offenders in the community . However , a further inspection report in April 2006 found that some shared cells at Northallerton were unhygienic and unfit for purpose . The report also raised concerns over the insufficient education and work opportunities for inmates at the prison . The cells in the two main wings were unusually small , and housed two inmates in bunk beds per cell . Each cell contained an unscreened toilet , and inmates were required to eat all their meals in their cells . Local magistrate John Bacon described these arrangements as `` a disgrace '' .
In 2010 the prison became a community jail for low-risk adult male offenders ( category C and D ) .
Before closure , the regime at Northallerton revolved mainly around the education and physical education departments and preparation for release via employment search . Northallerton had a Level 2 Health Care Centre with no in-patient facilities . There was a daily doctor 's surgery and a weekly dental facility , and also a consultant psychiatric service .
On 4 September 2013 , the Ministry of Justice announced that it intended to close Northallerton Prison by the end of 2013 . The prison was formally closed in January 2014 .
Redevelopment
In April 2015 the prison site and its buildings were bought by Hambleton District Council for £1.4 million . The site is now part of a masterplan for Northallerton which includes the development of new homes , shops , leisure and education facilities . During July 2015 , the council ran public tours of the prison site . Demolition began in October 2016 and was complete by the following summer . Of more than a dozen buildings on the prison site , five are listed buildings — these will be retained . After the demolitions were complete , archeologists from York Archaeological Trust spent a month excavating on the site .
Hambleton District Council partnered with York property development company Wykeland Group to form the Central Northallerton Development Company to redevelop the site . The new development will be called Treadmills . The first phase will be anchored by a Lidl shop , with of other retail units and 130 parking spaces . Redevelopment work is planned to start in 2018 , with the first phase completed by late 2019 .
References
External links
`` Northallerton 'Glasshouse ' Riot '' , British Movietone News , 1945 ( Associated Press/Movietone YouTube channel )
Aerial view of Northallerton Prison , October 1968 - Northern Echo `` From the archive - Northallerton ''
Northallerton
1783 establishments in England
Northallerton
2014 disestablishments in England
Demolished prisons
Sex Is Zero 2 is the 2007 sequel to the South Korean comedy film Sex Is Zero , and is the directorial debut of Yoon Tae-yoon . Starring Im Chang-jeong and Song Ji-hyo , the film reunites most of the cast from the original film , though Ha Ji-won only makes a cameo appearance . Sex Is Zero 2 was released in South Korea on 12 December 2007 .
Plot
Having broken up with their girlfriend , law student Eun-sik is keen to consummate a new relationship with Kyung-ah , a popular swimming champion with a painful past . Despite help from their friends , Eun-sik begins to doubt themselves when Gi-joo , a suave prosecutor , tries to compete for Kyeong-ah 's affections .
It was revealed that Kyung-ah was raped in high school , then attempted suicide . They are unable to engage with Eun-sik sexually , which frustrates him .
In the end , Kyung-ah is about to leave for America with Gi-joo but then realizes that they only loves Eun-sik .
Cast
Im Chang-jung as Eun-sik
Song Ji-hyo as Kyung-ah
Choi Sung-kook as Seong-gook
Shin Yi as Kyeong-joo
Yoo Chae-yeong as Yoo-mi
Lee Hwa-seon as Yeong-chae
Lee Sang-yoon as Gi-jo
Kim Cheong as Kyeong-ah 's mother
Hong Ji-yeong as Bo-ra
Seon Eun-jeong as Ji-hyeon
Bae Geon-woo as Sang-woo
Park Yeong-soo as Jong-min
Lee Si-yeon as Dae-hak
Myeong-gyu as Pervert
Park Min-ah as Nurse
Park Jae-woong as Nurse
Choi In-sook as Dean
Lee Jeong-hoon as Hall announcer
Lee Jong-rae as Doctor
Kim Hyung-il as Pervert
Ha Ji-won as Eun-hyo ( cameo )
Denis Kang as Himself ( cameo )
Yoon Je-kyoon as ( uncredited cameo )
Production
Sex Is Zero 2 was produced by Doosaboo Film with CJ Entertainment in charge of distribution . Filming commenced late July 2007 under first time director Yoon Tae-yoon , with Im Chang-jung reprising their role from the original Sex Is Zero as male protagonist Eun-sik . Other actors returning from the first film were Choi Sung-kook , Shin-ee and Yoo Chae-yeong , though the female lead was played by Song Ji-hyo in place of Ha Ji-won , with Ha making only a cameo appearance in the film 's opening sequence .
At the film 's press preview , director Yoon stated that , `` the major appeal of 'Sex Is Zero 2 ' is not the sexy scenes but the comic relief embedded in the sexy images '' . Im Chang-jung credited the first film as being the point where they discovered their aptitude for acting , and said , `` I believe this film is really meaningful for me , and I 'm kind of supposed to feel more pressure , but strangely I did n't feel any , because I found the screenplay well organized and trusted in director Yoon '' .
Song Ji-hyo underwent two months of intensive swimming training for their role in the film . For one scene they had to sit at the bottom of a pool while their character brooded over their relationship troubles . This scene required ten retakes to get right , and while director Yoon had wanted to use a stunt double , Song felt it necessary to do it themselves as the scene was `` integral to the emotional development '' of their character . They hoped that the film would project their screen image as being `` friendlier , warmer and sweeter '' , saying , `` Yes , this movie may be a sex comedy , but my character [ Kyeong-ah ] is the young and innocent foil , which is closer to my real self ... Making this film has definitely allowed me to grow as an actor . ''
Sex Is Zero 2 gained significant media attention from the casting of transsexual actor Lee Si-yeon . Lee had appeared in the original film , providing comic relief as an effeminate male student , but underwent sex reassignment surgery in 2007 . They made their surgery known to the public in November 2007 but was apprehensive about the response they would get from audiences , while officials for the film stated that they were `` extremely cautious about handling the issue for fear that they may be affected negatively by what people and the media say '' . Lee received support from their co-stars , in particular Shin-ee .
French–Korean mixed martial artist Denis Kang made a special appearance in the film as himself .
Release
Sex Is Zero 2 was released in South Korea on 12 December 2007 . On its opening weekend the film was ranked second at the domestic box office , receiving 584,284 admissions and grossing ; as of 27 January 2008 it had grossed a total of $ 14,210,342 . Sex Is Zero 2 accumulated a total of 2,088,940 admissions nationwide to make it the tenth best selling Korean film of 2007 , though this figure was somewhat less than the number of tickets sold by the original film in 2002–3 .
Sex Is Zero 2 was released on DVD on 27 August 2008 .
Critical response
In a review for The Korea Times , Lee Hyo-won was critical of the film and compared it unfavourably to the original , stating that `` the makers of the film try too hard to be outrageous ... what had been endearingly eccentric in the first film becomes simply freaky '' , going on to add that `` Another downfall of `` Zero 2 '' is the tacky melodrama . [ Kyeong-ah ] 's dark past , while adding some dimension to their relationship with Eun-sik , lacks substance . But the critical blow comes with the absence of genuine comedy . '' By contrast , James Mudge of BeyondHollywood.com regarded the film as `` one of the funnier Korean comedies of recent years '' , and also praised the heavy drama of the final act , saying , `` Surprisingly , this works very well ... [ Director ] Yoon ensures that both [ Eun-sik ] and [ Kyeong-ah ] never become jokes themselves , retaining a modicum of believability and depth , and with their relationship somehow managing to come across as being sweet and genuine . '' Tan Heng Hau of movieXclusive.com found the film 's sex gags to be `` hilariously executed '' , and applauded the director and screenwriter `` for not letting the sex jokes overshadow the romantic elements of the story and keeping the viewers enticed to see what happens ... in the end . '' The review also commended the acting skills of the cast , saying , `` Their comedic performance is excellent while for the romantic scenes , [ Im ] Chang-jung and Song Ji-hyo convey enough emotions to make viewers care for their well-developed characters '' , though it was noted that Lim looked visibly older than their fellow cast members .
References
External links
2007 films
2007 comedy films
2007 directorial debut films
2000s sex comedy films
2000s teen comedy films
2000s Korean-language films
South Korean sequel films
South Korean sex comedy films
South Korean teen comedy films
Teen sex comedy films
2000s South Korean films
The pterygomaxillary fissure is a fissure of the human skull . It is vertical , and descends at right angles from the medial end of the inferior orbital fissure . It is a triangular interval , formed by the divergence of the maxilla from the pterygoid process of the sphenoid .
It connects the infratemporal with the pterygopalatine fossa , and transmits the terminal part of the maxillary artery . The posterior superior alveolar nerve of the maxillary nerve goes from the pterygopalatine fossa to the infratemporal region via this fissure . The pterygopalatine plates are separated laterally from the posterior surface of the body of the maxilla by the pterygomaxillary fissure .
In older texts , the pterygomaxillary fissure is sometimes called the pterygopalatine fissure .
References
External links
UNC.edu
Skull
The Jatun Sacha Foundation is a private Ecuadorian non profit NGO ( nongovernmental organisation ) founded in 1985 . The purpose of this organisation is outlined on its website as :
`` Foundation Jatun Sacha is dedicated to the conservation , investigation and management of ecologically important habitats , environmental education and community development . ''
The name Jatun Sacha is derived from the local Kichwa language , variably translated as `` big forest '' or `` big jungle '' .
Network of biological reserves
The Jatun Sacha Foundation is an Ecuadorian non governmental non profit , private organization . It was legally established in 1989 by Ministerial Agreement No . 270 from the Ministry of Agriculture , Jatun Sacha mission is to promote the conservation of the Ecuador 's biodiversity , through technical training , scientific research , environmental education programs at national and international level , sustainable management of natural resources , community development , and the training of leaders with ethnic and gender participation . A major part of this foundation 's function is the ownership and management of biological reserves which are found throughout Ecuador , which range in size from around 4 square kilometres to just over 25 square kilometres . Each reserve has an associated Biological station with infrastructure to support researchers , courses groups , students , visitors and volunteers who come to help with such tasks as reforestation , environmental education at nearby schools and research into sustainable agricultural practices . Volunteers may also assist with scientific studies of the local flora and fauna undertaken by biologists at these stations - the facilitation of scientific research being another function of the biological stations- . Of the reserves , two are located east of the Andes , one in the Amazon basin , two in high altitude ecosystems in the Andes mountains , two in the west of the country in more coastal ecosystems , and one station on the Galápagos islands . These reserves include :
Amazon Reserves
Jatun Sacha Biological Reserve and Research Station
Andean Reserves
Guandera Biological Reserve and Research Station
Coastal Reserves
Bilsa Biological Reserve and Research Station
Congal Biomarine Reserve and Research Station
Galápagos Reserve
San Cristobal Biological Reserve and Research Station
Affiliated organizations
The foundation works cooperatively with many other conservation groups such the World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) and Conservation International ( CI ) , while volunteers are found and placed independently or through volunteer organizations such as their New Zealand based partner organisation , the Global volunteer network .
References
External links
Website of the Jatun Sacha foundation
Website of the global volunteer network
Environmental organisations based in Ecuador
Patrick Tuohy ( 27 February 1894 – August 1930 ) was an Irish portrait , narrative , and genre painter .
Early life
Patrick Joseph Tuohy was born in Dublin on 27 February 1894 , at 77 Lower Dorset Street . Their parents were the surgeon , John Joseph Tuohy , and Máire Tuohy ( née Murphy ) . Their father had a surgery at 15 North Frederick Street , and their mother was a member of numerous nationalist organisations such as Cumann na mBan . They had two older sisters , Maura and Bride . Tuohy was born without a left hand , and would later wear a metal prosthesis which they covered with a black glove , and they used to hold a painting palette . They attended a Christian Brothers school in Dublin and later became one of the first pupils at Patrick Pearse 's St. Enda 's School , there they studied art under William Pearse . In 1908 their watercolour sketch , `` In Co. Wicklow '' , was published in the school magazine An Macaomh . They attended the Dublin Metropolitan School of Art at night , going to become a full time student , studying under William Orpen for five years . It was Orpen who encouraged them to work on their life drawing , with their 1910 `` Girl in a white pinafore '' an early example of their portraiture . Along with their father they fought in the Easter Rising and was based alongside James Connolly in the General Post Office .
Career
Tuohy exhibited 3 paintings at the Small Concert Rooms , Dublin in 1911 , an exhibition that included George Russell and Jack B. Yeats . Having spent the summer of 1911 in Tourmakeady , County Mayo , their preliminary sketches for their 1912 `` A Mayo peasant boy '' which demonstrates their realistic portraiture which reveals human vulnerability and their emerging distinctive style . Their first commission was in 1912 for 10 ceiling painting of the life of Christ in Rathfarnham Castle for the Jesuit order . They then executed ceiling paintings at the La Scala theatre , Dublin . They won the Taylor art scholarship in 1912 for their watercolour , `` Supper time '' , and later won the Taylor award in 1915 for their watercolour portrait of May Power . They were their most frequently used model . Tuohy was able to use these and other prizes to travel to Spain , living in Madrid for a year while teaching painting at the Loreto convent , as well as studying the work of Francisco de Zurbarán and Diego Velázquez . They began exhibiting with the Royal Hibernian Academy ( RHA ) in 1918 , exhibiting `` The Wicklow labourer '' and `` A Mayo peasant boy '' . They continued to show work at the RHA until 1927 . They contributed a pencil sketch to The book of Saint Ultan : a collection of pictures and poems by Irish artists and writers ( 1920 ) which was edited by Katherine MacCormack .
From 1920 to 1926 , Tuohy taught life class with Seán Keating at the Dublin Metropolitan School of Art , where they taught Norah McGuinness , Maurice MacGonigal , and Hilda van Stockum . The influence of French realism can be seen in their `` Standing female nude '' and `` Self-portrait with two women '' . The former was exhibited at the 1922 exhibition the Galerie Barbazanges in Paris , `` L'Art irlandais '' , which was organised by Maud Gonne . The 1923 painting , `` The baptism of Christ '' , is deemed to be one of their most influential , and is now held in the Ulster Museum . This work included portraits of a number of Tuohy 's contemporaries such as Keating as John the Baptist , Thomas MacGreevy as an onlooker , Seán O'Sullivan , and Phyllis Moss . Moss was an art student who later became Tuohy 's fiancée . The painting won a silver medal at the 1924 Aonach Tailteann exhibition , and in 1925 was exhibited at the Royal Academy of Arts , London . They and Moss visited Italy in the summer of 1923 , returning to Ireland in 1924 .
In 1923 , they were commissioned by James Joyce to paint a portrait of Joyce 's father , John Stanislaus Joyce . They also painted a portrait of Joyce themselves in Paris on their return from Italy in 1924 , which they painted over the course of 28 sittings . The portrait is now held in the State University of New York , Buffalo . They also painted Joyce 's children , Giorgio and Lucia . Tuohy and Joyce had a difficult relationship , with Joyce portraying Tuohy as `` Ratatuohy '' in Finnegans wake ( 1939 ) .
Tuohy painted portraits of a number of theatre personalities in the 1920s , such as Ria Mooney ( 1922 ) , Padraic Colum ( 1924 ) , and Seán O'Casey ( 1926 ) . In 1924 they were elected an associate of the RHA , becoming a full member in 1925 . Tuohy was a member of the Radical club in 1926 . In 1927 , they emigrated to the United States , in the hope of earning enough to allow them to marry . They initially lived in South Carolina , and then to New York . They had a studio at 440 Riverside Drive , and focused on portraiture , while living at 185 West 85th Street . The same year , they exhibited at the Carnegie Institute exhibition in Pittsburgh . They were one of the organisers the first contemporary exhibition of Irish art at the Hackett gallery , New York in 1929 . They exhibited `` Portrait of a girl in a striped dress '' and a portrait of James Stephens at that show . This exhibition was later transferred to the Grace Holmes gallery , Boston . Tuohy was one of the founders of the Irish University Club , New York , lecturing on Irish art , as well as on Irish literature to the Irish reading circle .
Death and legacy
It was reported by many who knew them that Tuohy suffered from depression . Their friends became concerned when they had not seen him , with Ria Mooney and others gaining entry to their apartment out of concern . They found them dead on 28 August 1930 , where it was determined that they died by suicide using gas . Their sister Bride and Mooney claimed that they would not have taken their own life and that their death was accidental . Their body was repatriated to Ireland on the Scythia liner , and they were buried at Glasnevin Cemetery . In their studio were the unfinished portraits of actors Dudley Digges and Claudette Colbert .
In 1931 a posthumous exhibition of their sketches , drawings , and paintings from 1911 to 1930 was held in Mills ' Hall , Dublin . In 1985 , two of paintings , `` Near the Bull Wall '' ( 1912 ) and `` Portrait of Dominic Bowe '' ( circa 1915 ) were shown a major exhibition of Irish painting at the Gorry gallery , Molesworth Street . The Hugh Lane Gallery holds two of their early works from St. Enda 's , `` The flight of Cuchulainn '' and `` Entry into battle '' . The painting `` The agony in the garden '' from circa 1919 was originally held in the Loreto convent on North Great George 's Street , Dublin , but was later moved to the Christ the King church , Cabra . The National Gallery of Ireland holds their papers .
References
External links
Tuohy 's Portrait of May Power
1894 births
1930 suicides
Artists who committed suicide
Irish emigrants to the United States
20th-century Irish painters
Irish male painters
Irish genre painters
Painters from Dublin ( city )
People with bipolar disorder
Suicides by gas
1930 deaths
People educated at St. Enda 's School
Suicides in New York City
20th-century Irish male artists
Seelen is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district , in Rhineland-Palatinate , Germany .
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Already Restless is the second and final studio album by Canadian country music trio Prescott-Brown . It was released by Columbia Records in 1994 . The album peaked at number 10 on the RPM Country Albums chart in Canada .
Track listing
Personnel
Tom Burroughs - electric guitar
Joe Chemay - bass
Jerry Douglas - resonator guitar
Dan Dugmore - electric guitar , steel guitar , slide guitar
John Dymond - bass
Carl Gorodetzky - violin
John Jorgenson - electric guitar
Paul Leim - drums
Bob Mason - cello
Brent Mason - electric guitar
The Nashville String Machine - strings
Steve Nathan - keyboards
Steve O'Connor - keyboards
Jon Park-Wheeler - electric guitar , acoustic guitar
Ken Post - drums
Harry Stinson - drums , vocals
Gary Vanosdale - viola
Biff Watson - acoustic guitar
Kris Wilkinson - viola
Paul Worley - electric guitar , acoustic guitar
Barry Brown - vocals , acoustic guitar
Randall Prescott - vocals , mandolin , harp
Tracey Prescott - vocals
Chart performance
References
1994 albums
Prescott-Brown albums
Columbia Records albums
Vida Parayum Munpe ( ) is a 1981 Malayalam-language drama film directed by Mohan , written by John Paul and produced by Innocent and David Kachappilli . The film stars Prem Nazir and Nedumudi Venu in lead roles , while Lakshmi , Innocent , Bharath Gopy , and Sankaradi play supporting roles . The film is a loose adaptation of the Hrishikesh Mukherjee 's 1971 Anand , which was itself an adaptation of Akira Kurosawa 's 1952 classic Ikiru .
The film was produced and distributed by Innocent and David Kachappilli under the banner of Sathru Films , in their first production venture . They would go on to produce K. G. George 's Lekhayude Maranam Oru Flashback . The film features original songs composed by M. B. Sreenivasan , with lyrics written by Kavalam Narayana Panicker . The cinematography of the film was done by U. Rajagopal , while the editing was done by G. Venkittaraman .
The film premiered at the Lulu Theatre on 10 September 1981 to widespread critical acclaim . The film was a commercial success and went on to become the third highest-grossing Malayalam film of the year . The film won four Kerala State Film Awards : Second Best Film , Best Actor for Nedumudi Venu , Best Music Director for M. B. Sreenivasan , and Special Jury Award for Nazir . Nedumudi Venu also won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor for their performance in the film . The film was screened at the 26th International Film Festival of Kerala in the Unforgettable Venuchettan section on the 19th of March 2022 .
Plot
Xavier , a stenographer in a company tries the patience of the workaholic manager with their irregular hours of work . The manager warns him , but they do n't make any effort to improve . Once , they ask for leave to take their wife to the hospital . The manager later finds them at the beach playing with children and dismisses them from the job . Later the manager finds from their family doctor that Xavier is a cancer patient .
Cast
Prem Nazir as Madhavan Kutty
Nedumudi Venu as Xavier
Lakshmi as Sudha
Innocent as Varghese
Beena as Omana
Sankaradi as Panicker
Bharath Gopi as Dr. Thomas
John Varghese as Father
Lalithasree as Sudha 's friend
Master Sujith as Prasad
P. R. Menon as Elderly Pensioner
Ravi Menon as Manoharan
Santhakumari as Janaki
Sulekha as Typist
Production
Development
In an interview with Onmanorama Innocent , the producer of the film says that : `` John Paul has been there with me right from the beginning of my film career . Once David Kachapally and I decided to produce a film directed by Mohan . The writer was there at the Trissur bus stand and it was my duty to pick them up . Mohan had correctly described them to me . But within minutes after meeting him , we felt like we knew each other for a long time . That meeting resulted in Vida Parayum Munpe . Then we produced Bharathan 's Ormmakkayi . It was John who told me to do the role of a Church verger in Kathodu Kathoram . In life , we will meet certain people whom we want to emulate . John Paul was one such man . ''
Casting
Nedumudi Venu first saw the director when they were editing Sujatha , the Tamil remake of Shalini Ente Koottukari , at Vijaya Vauhini Studios in Madras . Mohan writes in their memoirs , that : `` John Paul had recommended Venu for the role of Xavier . Nedumudi Venu came to see me wearing a saffron dhoti with beard and hair that was n't the form I wanted for the character of Xavier in my film but the height and weight were exactly the same moreover , I had already seen Thakara and had already decided that Venu would do the role of Xavier that 's why we did n't have a conversation about their attire . '' Nedumudi Venu was who suggested Bharat Gopy for the role of Dr. Thomas . Bharat Gopy had by then only acted in art-house films . John Paul , in their memoirs on Bharat Gopy , recalls how Bharat Gopy was apprehensive of acting in the film , along with Prem Nazir . They somehow had this pre-conceived notion that it would be virtually impossible to get along with a star . But Prem Nazir turned out to be a true gentleman , to the point of even inquiring about Gopy 's relatives back in Chirayinkeezhu . The role of Madhavan Kutty played by Prem Nazir was initially planned to be given to Sukumaran , who was a regular in Mohan 's films however it was eventually given to Prem Nazir .
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and the lyrics were written by Kavalam Narayana Panicker .
Release
The Lulu and Mymoon theatres were inaugurated a week prior to the scheduled release of Vida Parayum Munpe . The owner of the theatres , Siyad Koker wanted the film to premiere the film as the opening film of the Lulu and Mymoon theatres . The producers of the film was initially reluctant as if the film received negative reviews from critics the film would fail at the box office . However , on the insistence of Mohan they agreed and the film was released as the opening film of the Lulu and Mymoon theatres .
Reception
Critical response
The Hindu has rated Nedumudi Venu 's performance in the film as one of the best in their career , writing : `` Mohan , a director who has contributed greatly to Malayalam cinema during its golden period in the 1980s , often brought the best out of Venu . This film had the actor playing a young man who successfully hides the pains of their life from their colleagues . '' The film is considered one of John Paul 's best screenplays .
Box office
Expectations for Vida Parayum Munpe were low . But defying expectations it was a commercial success . The film was declared a hit at the box office in its lifetime run . However , despite the film being an audience favorite , the film was unexpectedly withdrawn from theatres on the 95th day due to a fight between the distributors and theatre owners . The film was replaced by another film in theatres in retaliation for the distributors ' refusal to give the film as their next release in another theatre . Regarding the incident director Mohan in an interview with a Magazine says :
References
1981 films
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Mohan
Rönninge is a residential area in Salem Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden . Statistically it is a part of the bimunicipal contiguously built-up Tumba urban area .
The railway Stockholm - Södertälje was opened in 1861 . By the beginning of the 1900s a settlement began to grow . A school house was built in 1906 . The population of Rönninge is today about 4,300 .
Rönninge has a station on the Stockholm commuter rail network 's Södertälje line .
Sports
The following sports clubs are located in Rönninge :
Rönninge/Salem Fotboll
Södermanland
This is the list of cathedrals in Hungary sorted by denomination .
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Hungary :
St. Anne 's Cathedral in Debrecen
Co-Cathedral of Our Lady of the Hungarians in Nyíregyháza
Metropolitan Cathedral Basilica of St. John the Apostle and Evangelist , St. Michael and the Immaculate Conception in Eger
Primatial Cathedral of Our Lady and St. Adalbert Bishop and Martyr in Esztergom
Co-Cathedral Basilica of St. Stephen the King in Budapest
Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of Our Lady in Győr
Metropolitan Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Kalocsa
Co-Cathedral of the Assumption of Our Lord in Kecskemét
Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Kaposvár
St. Martin Basilica ( Benedictine Archabbey of Pannonhalma ) in Pannonhalma
Cathedral Basilica of Saint Peter and Paul in Pécs
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Hungarians in Szeged
Co-Cathedral of St. Anthony in Békéscsaba
Cathedral Basilica of St. Stephen the King in Székesfehérvár
Cathedral of the Visitation of Our Lady in Szombathely
Cathedral of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin and St. Michael the Archangel in Vác
St. Michael 's Cathedral Basilica in Veszprém
Greek Catholic
Cathedral of the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the Temple in Hajdúdorog
Cathedral of Our Lady in Miskolc
Szent Miklós Görögkatolikus székesegyház , in Nyíregyháza
Eastern Orthodox
Eastern Orthodox cathedrals in Hungary :
Virgin 's Cathedral ( `` Belgrade Cathedral '' ) in Szentendre ( Serbian Orthodox )
Saint Nicolas Church in Gyula ( Romanian Orthodox )
Assumption Cathedral in Budapest ( Russian Orthodox )
St. Mary Church in Budapest ( Coptic Orthdox )
See also
Lists of cathedrals by country
References
Hungary
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Strandheem '92 is an EP by Seirom , independently released on July 2 , 2014 .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Strandheem '92 liner notes .
Maurice de Jong ( as Mories ) – vocals , instruments , recording , cover art
Release history
References
External links
Strandheem '92 at Bandcamp
2014 EPs
Seirom albums
`` Clouds Across the Moon '' is a song written by Richard Anthony Hewson . It was released as a single on 18 March 1985 on their studio group the RAH Band 's album Mystery . The single reached the top 10 of the singles charts in the UK , The Netherlands and Sweden .
Background
In an interview with Smash Hits on 8 May 1985 , Richard Anthony Hewson said that the song took place in the future where there was a 100-year long war on Mars . In regards to the phone call featured in the song , Hewson said that it was `` much more difficult to make these calls since British Telecom was privatized . '' Hewson also mentioned that the phone call cost about `` five million six hundred and forty thousand pounds and forty pence . It 's been suggested the song 's reference to Flight 247 was included to garner airplay from BBC Radio 1 who at onetime had broadcast on the wavelength of 247 metres on the medium wave band . This however is unlikely as Radio 1 had switched to broadcasting on 275 & 285 metres in 1978 , nearly 7 years before the song 's release. ” The vocals were performed by Hewson 's wife Liz .
Charts
Year-end charts
Year-end charts
Remixes
`` Clouds Across the Moon '' was first remixed in 1999 by German house group Tiefschwarz . The remix peaked at No . 85 on the GfK Entertainment Charts .
`` Clouds Across the Moon 07 '' is a remix of the original recording . The vocals were re-recorded by vocalist Emma Charles and the single was released by Shocking Music in July 2007 . Hewson states that the single was remixed and released in response to `` the phenomenal demand by fans and DJs , for a modern mix of the 1985 'classic ' '' . As well as new vocals , the new version has a more jazz-funk feel than the original , but still retains the original synthesizer and drum machine .
Covers
In 1995 , Japanese techno producer Yoshinori Sunahara covered the song for their debut album , Crossover .
In 1998 , Norwegian electronic duo Frost covered the song for their debut album , Bedsit Theories . It peaked at No . 13 on the VG-lista chart .
In 2008 , Regine Velasquez covered this song from their album , Low Key .
Clouds Across the Moon is the name of an episode of the British crime drama television series McDonald & Dodds which features one of the characters repeatedly singing a smooth jazz version of the song .
References
External links
Official RAH Band website
1985 songs
1985 singles
2007 singles
The RAH Band songs
Jazz-funk songs
RCA Records singles
Songs about the Moon
Songs about heartache
Songs about loneliness
Songs about telephone calls
The spelling of Gwoyeu Romatzyh ( GR ) can be divided into its treatment of initials , finals and tones . GR uses contrasting unvoiced/voiced pairs of consonants to represent aspirated and unaspirated initials in Chinese : for example b and p represent IPA [ p ] and [ pʰ ] . The letters j , ch and sh represent two different series of initials : the alveolo-palatal and the retroflex sounds . Although these spellings create no ambiguity in practice , readers more familiar with Pinyin should pay particular attention to them : GR ju , for example , corresponds to Pinyin zhu , not ju ( which is spelled jiu in GR ) .
Many of the finals in GR are similar to those used in other romanizations . Distinctive features of GR include the use of iu for the close front rounded vowel spelled ü or simply u in Pinyin . Final -y represents certain allophones of i : GR shy and sy correspond to Pinyin shi and si respectively .
The most striking feature of GR is its treatment of tones . The first tone is represented by the basic form of each syllable , the spelling being modified according to precise but complex rules for the other three tones . For example the syllable spelled ai ( first tone ) becomes air , ae and ay in the other tones . A neutral ( unstressed ) tone can optionally be indicated by preceding it with a dot or full stop : for example perng.yeou `` friend '' .
Rhotacization , a common feature of Mandarin ( especially Beijing ) Chinese , is marked in GR by the suffix -l. Owing to the rather complex orthographical details , a given rhotacized form may correspond to more than one non-rhotacized syllable : for example , jiel can mean either `` today '' ( from jin ) or `` chick '' ( from ji ) .
A number of frequently-occurring morphemes have abbreviated spellings in GR . The most common of these , followed by their Pinyin equivalents , are : -g ( -ge ) , -j ( -zhe ) , -m ( -me ) , sh ( shi ) and -tz ( -zi ) .
Basic forms
GR , like Pinyin , uses contrasting unvoiced/voiced pairs of consonants to represent aspirated and unaspirated sounds in Chinese . For example b and p represent IPA [ p ] and [ pʰ ] ( p and p ' in Wade-Giles ) . Another feature of GR surviving in Pinyin is the representation of words ( usually of two syllables ) as units : e.g . Gwoyeu rather than the Wade-Giles Kuo2-yü3 .
The basic features of GR spelling are shown in the following tables of initials and finals , the latter referring to the basic T1 forms . Many of the spelling features are the same as in Pinyin ; differences are highlighted in the tables and discussed in detail after the second table . The rules of tonal spelling follow in a separate section .
In the tables Pinyin spellings are given only where they differ from GR , in which case they appear in ( parentheses ) . The tables also give the pronunciation in [ brackets ] .
Initials
Key
GR differs from Pinyin
alveolo-palatal consonants ( GR differs from Pinyin )
retroflex consonants ( GR coincides with Pinyin )
Finals
Key
GR differs from Pinyin
Spelling
GR basic ( T1 ) spellings are compared to the spelling conventions of Pinyin in the table below . A separate table , after the tonal rules , compares spellings using all four tones .
Alveolar and retroflex series
The letter j and the digraphs ch and sh represent two different series of sounds . When followed by i they correspond to the alveolo-palatal sounds ( Pinyin j , q , and x ) ; otherwise they correspond to the retroflex sounds ( Pinyin zh , ch , and sh ) . In practice this feature creates no ambiguity , because the two series of consonants are in complementary distribution . Nevertheless it does make the correspondence between GR and Pinyin spellings difficult to follow . In some cases they agree ( chu is the same syllable in both systems ) ; but in other cases they differ—sometimes confusingly so ( for example , GR ju , jiu and jiou correspond to Pinyin zhu , ju and jiu respectively ) .
This potential for confusion can be seen graphically in the table of initials , where the bold letters j , ch and sh cut across the highlighted division between alveolo-palatal and retroflex .
Other differences from Pinyin
GR also differs from Pinyin in its transcription of vowels and semivowels :
GR uses iu for the close front rounded vowel ( IPA ) spelled ü or in many cases simply u in Pinyin . ( The contracted Pinyin iu is written iou in GR . )
Final -y represents the allophone of i : GR shy and sy correspond to Pinyin shi and si respectively .
No basic forms in GR begin with w- or y- : Pinyin ying and wu are written ing and u in GR ( but only in T1 ) .
Other important GR spellings which differ from Pinyin include :
GR writes au for Pinyin ao ( but see the rule for T3 ) .
el corresponds to Pinyin er ( -r being reserved to indicate T2 ) . The most important use of - ( e ) l is as a rhotacization suffix .
GR uses ts for Pinyin c and tz for Pinyin z .
-uen and -uei correspond to the contracted Pinyin forms -un and -ui .
GR also has three letters for dialectal sounds : v ( 万 in extended Zhuyin ) , ng ( 兀 ) , and gn ( 广 ) .
As in Pinyin , an apostrophe is used to clarify syllable divisions . Pin'in , the GR spelling of the word `` Pinyin '' , is itself a good example : the apostrophe shows that the compound is made up of pin + in rather than pi + nin .
Pinyin comparison : basic forms
The following list summarizes the differences between GR and Pinyin spelling . The list is in GR alphabetical order ( click the button next to the heading to change to Pinyin order ) .
Tonal rules
Note : In this section the word `` tone '' is abbreviated as `` T '' : thus T1 stands for Tone 1 , or first tone , etc .
Wherever possible GR indicates tones 2 , 3 and 4 by respelling the basic T1 form of the syllable , replacing a vowel with another having a similar sound ( i with y , for example , or u with w ) . But this concise procedure can not be applied in every case , since the syllable may not contain a suitable vowel for modification . In such cases a letter ( r or h ) is added or inserted instead . The precise rule to be followed in any specific case is determined by the rules given below .
A colour-coded rule of thumb is given below for each tone : the same colours are used below in a list of provinces . Each rule of thumb is then amplified by a comprehensive set of rules for that tone . These codes are used in the rules :
V = a vowel
NV = a non-vowel ( either a consonant or zero in the case of an initial vowel )
⇏ = `` but avoid forming [ the specified combination ] ''
Pinyin equivalents are given in brackets after each set of examples . To illustrate the GR tonal rules in practice , a table comparing Pinyin and GR spellings of some Chinese provinces follows the detailed rules .
Tone 1 : basic form
Initial sonorants ( l-/m-/n-/r- ) : insert -h- as second letter . rheng , mha ( rēng , mā )
Otherwise use the basic form .
Tone 2 : i/u → y/w ; or add -r
Initial sonorants : use basic form . reng , ma ( réng , má )
NVi → NVy ( + -i if final ) . chyng , chyan , yng , yan , pyi ( qíng , qián , yíng , yán , pí )
NVu → NVw ( + -u if final ) . chwan , wang , hwo , chwu ( chuán , wáng , huó , chú )
Otherwise add r to vowel or diphthong . charng , bair ( cháng , bái )
Tone 3 : i/u → e/o ; or double vowel
Vi or iV → Ve or eV ( ⇏ee ) . chean , bae , sheau ( qiǎn , bǎi , xiǎo ) , but not gee
Vu or uV → Vo or oV ( ⇏oo ) . doan , dao , shoei ( duǎn , dǎo , shuǐ ) , but not hoo
When both i and u can be found , only the first one changes , i.e . jeau , goai , sheu ( jiǎo , guǎi , xǔ ) , not jeao , goae , sheo
For basic forms starting with i-/u- , change the starting i-/u- to e-/o- and add initial y-/w- . yean , woo , yeu ( yǎn , wǒ , yǔ )
Otherwise double the ( main ) vowel . chiing , daa , geei , huoo , goou ( qǐng , dǎ , gěi , huǒ , gǒu )
Tone 4 : change/double final letter ; or add -h
Vi → Vy . day , suey ( dài , suì )
Vu → Vw ( ⇏iw ) . daw , gow ( dào , gòu ) , but not chiw
-n → -nn . duann ( duàn )
-l → -ll . ell ( èr )
-ng → -nq . binq ( bìng )
Otherwise add h. dah , chiuh , dih ( dà , qù , dì )
For basic forms starting with i-/u- , replace initial i-/u- with y-/w- , in addition to the necessary tonal change . yaw , wuh ( yào , wù )
Neutral tone ( 轻声 Chingsheng / qīngshēng )
A dot ( usually written as a period or full stop ) may be placed before neutral tone ( unstressed ) syllables , which appear in their original tonal spelling : perng.yeou , dih.fang ( péngyou , dìfang ) . Y.R . Chao used this device in the first eight chapters of the Mandarin Primer , restricting it thereafter to new words on their first appearance . In A Grammar of Spoken Chinese they introduced a subscript circle ( o ) to indicate an optional neutral tone , as in bujyodaw , `` do n't know '' ( Pinyin pronunciation bùzhīdào or bùzhīdao ) .
GR u- and i- syllables
It is important to note that any GR syllables beginning u- or i- must be T1 : in T2 , T3 and T4 these syllables all begin with w- or y- respectively . An example in all four tones is the following : ing , yng , yiing , yinq ( Pinyin ying ) .
Rime table
The term rime , as used by linguists , is similar to rhyme . See Rime table .
Pinyin comparison : all tones
This table illustrates the GR tonal rules in use by listing some Chinese provinces in both GR and Pinyin ( to switch to Pinyin alphabetical order , click the button next to the heading ) . The tonal spelling markers or `` clues '' are highlighted using the same colour-coding scheme as above . Note that T1 is the default tone : hence Shinjiang ( Xīnjiāng ) , for example , is spelled using the basic form of both syllables .
GR tone key
Tone 1 ( basic form : unmarked ) Tone 2 Tone 3 Tone 4
Rhotacization
Erhua ( 兒化 ) , or the rhotacized or retroflex ending , is indicated in GR by -l rather than -r , which is already used as a T2 marker . The appropriate tonal modification is then applied to the basic rhotacized form : for example shell ( Pinyin shìr ) from the basic form shel , and deal ( diǎnr ) from the basic form dial . In the fourth tone , certain syllables do n't double the l but are instead spelled by first writing the non-rhotacized syllable in the fourth tone and then adding l : ( -i/y ) awl , ( -i/y ) owl , ( -i/y/-u/w/ ) anql , ( -i/y/w ) enql , ( -i/y ) onql , ehl ( from e ' l , the basic rhotacized form of e ; compare ell from el , which is both the basic rhotacized form of en , ei , and y and a basic Mandarin syllable ) .
Most other romanization systems preserve the underlying form , but GR transcribes the surface form as pronounced . These are the principles followed to create the basic form of a rhotacized syllable in GR : '
-l is added to the final 's basic non-rhotacized form
-y becomes -e-
i become ie- , and iu becomes iue-
in becomes ie- , and iun becomes iue- ; in all other cases , -n disappears without trace
ing becomes ieng-
final asyllabic -i ( found in ( i/u ) ai and ( u ) ei ) disappears
with the final e , an apostrophe is added before the -l , i.e . e ' l , er ' l , ee ' l ( to separate them from el , erl , eel ) , except in the fourth tone , where the spelling is ehl ( as this is sufficient to separate it from ell )
with the finals ie and iue , an apostrophe is added in the first and second tones only , i.e . ie ' l , ye ' l , -ieel/yeel , -iell/yell and iue ' l , yue ' l , -euel , -iuell/yuell
Thus , the basic rhotacized final
el corresponds to the basic non-rhotacized finals en , ei , and -y and is also a basic Mandarin syllable
uel corresponds to uen and uei
iel corresponds to i and in ; in the third and fourth tones , it also corresponds to ie
iuel corresponds to iu and iun ; in the third and fourth tones , it also corresponds to iue
al corresponds to a , an , and ai
ial corresponds to ia , ian , and iai
ual corresponds to ua , uan , and uai
As a consequence , the one-to-one correspondence between GR and Pinyin is broken , since one GR rhotacized form may correspond to several Pinyin forms . For example , jiel corresponds to both jīr and jīnr ( both pronounced ) , and jial corresponds to both jiār and jiānr ( both pronounced ) .
Tone sandhi
The most important manifestation of tone sandhi in Mandarin is the change of a T3 syllable to T2 when followed by another T3 syllable ( T3 + T3 → T2 + T3 ) . GR does not reflect this change in the spelling : the word for `` fruit '' is written shoeiguoo , even though the pronunciation is shweiguoo . Four common words with more complicated tone sandhi ( also ignored in the spelling ) are mentioned below under Exceptions .
Abbreviations
A number of frequently-occurring morphemes have abbreviated spellings in GR . The commonest of these , followed by their Pinyin equivalents , are :
-g ( -ge )
-j ( -zhe )
-m ( -me )
occurs in sherm ( shénme ) , jemm/tzemm ( zhème ) and tzeem ( zěnme )
sh ( shi )
also in compounds such as jiowsh ( jiùshi ) , dannsh ( dànshi ) , etc .
-tz ( -zi )
Reduplication
In its original form GR used the two `` spare '' letters of the alphabet , v and x , to indicate reduplication . This mimicked the method by which the Japanese writing system indicates repeated Kanji characters with an iteration mark ( 々 ) . In GR the letter x indicates that the preceding syllable is repeated ( shieh.x = shieh.shieh , `` thank you '' ) , vx being used when the preceding two syllables are repeated ( haoshuo vx ! = haoshuo haoshuo ! `` you 're too kind ! `` ) .
This concise but completely unphonetic , and hence unintuitive , device appears in Chao 's Mandarin Primer and all W. Simon 's texts ( including their Chinese-English Dictionary ) . Eventually , however , it was silently discarded even by its inventor : in Chao 's Grammar as well as their Sayable Chinese all reduplicated syllables are written out in full in their GR transcription .
Exceptions
The following words and characters do not follow the rules of GR :
The name Romatzyh ( which strictly speaking should be `` Luomaatzyh '' ) follows international usage ( Roma ) .
The characters 一 ( `` one '' ) , 七 ( `` seven '' ) , 八 ( `` eight '' ) , and 不 ( `` no/not '' ) are always written i , chi , ba , and bu , respectively , regardless of the tone in which they are pronounced . In other words changes due to tone sandhi are not reflected in GR .
Notes
References
Romanization of Chinese
`` Sometimes a Lady '' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Eddy Raven . It was released in May 1986 as the first single from the album Right Hand Man . The song reached # 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart . It was written by Raven and Frank J. Myers .
Chart performance
References
1986 singles
1986 songs
Eddy Raven songs
Songs written by Frank J. Myers
Songs written by Eddy Raven
Song recordings produced by Paul Worley
RCA Records singles
Tom Ashton is a musician , producer and film composer . They are also an original founder member and guitarist of early 1980s British gothic rock/post-punk band The March Violets . Based in Leeds , England , the band released many tracks which went on to be rated as classics of their genre . They also guested in bands The Sisters of Mercy , The Danse Society and toured and recorded with Clan of Xymox . As a side project to The Violets , they also co-wrote and recorded the first album from The Batfish Boys , The Gods Hate Kansas .
In 1987 their music was featured in director John Hughes ' coming of age drama , Some Kind of Wonderful . A year later they co-wrote the score for Zelda Barron 's teen thriller , The Bulldance , during their stint in London Records band Hard Rain .
Throughout the 1990s they were based in London and played in various bands , including Amania , with ex-Violets singer Cleo Murray and Craig Adams and also Bully , with Australian singer/songwriter/actor Abi Tucker .
After reforming in 2007 , The March Violets released their first proper studio album in 2013 , Made Glorious . The band also toured extensively in the US and Europe .
In 2012 they returned to film scoring and completed 8 features with director Daniel E. Falicki and two shorts for director Ryan Lieske . In 2016 they embarked on an audio re-imagining of E. Elias Merhige 's Begotten in tandem with its director . This is still a work in progress .
In 2016 they founded SubVon Studio based in Athens , Georgia and since then has recorded , mixed , and mastered many Georgia based darkwave bands including Vision Video , Tears for the Dying , Hip To Death and Entertainment !
Discography
Studio albums
Made Glorious ( 2013 , self-released )
Mortality ( 2015 , self-released )
The Gods Hate Kansas ( 1985 , Batfish Incorporated )
Singles and EPs
`` Religious as Hell '' 7 '' ( 1982 , Merciful Release )
`` Grooving in Green '' 7 '' ( 1982 , Merciful Release )
`` Crow Baby '' 7 '' /12 '' ( 1983 , Rebirth )
`` Snake Dance '' 7 '' /12 '' ( 1984 , Rebirth )
`` Walk into the Sun '' 7 '' /12 '' ( 1984 , Rebirth )
`` Swamp Liquor '' ( 1985 , Batfish Incorporated )
`` Deep '' 7 '' /12 '' ( 1985 , Rebirth )
`` Turn to the Sky '' 7 '' /12 '' ( 1986 , Rebirth )
`` Spiritual High / Wild Is The Wind '' CD ( 1993 , Zok Records )
Trinity EP CD EP ( 2007 , self-released )
Love Will Kill You CD EP ( 2011 , self-released )
Compilation albums
Natural History ( 1984 , Rebirth )
Electric Shades ( 1985 , Relativity Records )
The Botanic Verses ( 1993 , Jungle Records/Cleopatra Records )
Filmography
`` Some Kind Of Wonderful ( 1987 ) dir John Hughes .
`` Forbidden Sun ( aka The Bulldance ) ( 1989 ) dir Zelda Barron .
`` Abed ( 2012 ) dir Ryan Lieske .
`` The Last Vampyre On Earth ( 2013 ) dir Daniel E. Falicki .
`` Devils In The Darkness ( 2013 ) dir Daniel E. Falicki .
`` An Anti American ( 2013 ) dir Daniel E. Falicki .
`` The Joe Show ( 2014 ) dir Daniel E. Falicki .
`` Remotion ( Prologue ) ( 2014 ) dir Ryan Lieske .
`` Shadow World ( The Haunting Of Mysti Delane ) ( 2014 ) dir Daniel E. Falicki .
`` 3:33 AM ( 2014 ) dir Daniel E. Falicki .
`` Accidental Exorcist ( 2016 ) dir Daniel E. Falicki
`` 13 Demons ( 2016 ) dir Daniel E. Falicki
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
British musicians
British record producers
British composers
Nationality missing
The Klastline Plateau is a plateau in the Stikine Region of the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada . A subplateau of the Stikine Plateau , it is located between the Stikine River ( N ) , the upper Iskut River ( S ) , Mess Creek ( W ) and the Klappan River ( E ) . The Skeena Mountains are to the south , the Tahltan Highland to the west , the Spatsizi Plateau to the east , and the Tanzilla Plateau to the north , on the other side of the Stikine . The Spatsizi and Tanzilla Plateaus , and the Tahltan Highland , are also part of the Stikine Plateau .
References
Plateaus of British Columbia
Stikine Country
Stikine Plateau
Volcanism of British Columbia
Dominic Toubeix ( b.1927 ) , sometimes known as Dominic , was a French fashion designer who worked for some time in New York in the 1960s .
Early life and career
Toubeix was born in Paris around 1927 . They trained in the couture industry , first for Marcel Rochas , and then as an assistant to Antonio del Castillo whilst they were heading the house of Lanvin . Toubeix worked with Castillo for ten years . After Castillo was let go by Lanvin in 1962 , Toubeix protested what they saw as their mentor 's unfair treatment by throwing a rock through the window of the Lanvin establishment on the Rue d'Boissy Anglais , for which they spent a night in police custody . After this , Toubeix went to New York .
New York career
In 1963 , Toubeix became a partner in the firm of Matty Talmack , which was founded in 1949 . They were not just head designer , but vice-president and secretary as well , and Matty Talmack commented `` He says in clothes exactly what I think about fashion . '' Whilst in New York , they were mainly known by their first name , and as `` Dominic of Matty Talmack '' they won the 1966 Coty Award following a vote by 62 fashion editors . In 1967 , Dominic Toubeix , Chester Weinberg and Luba Marks were noted as being `` three fast-rising young ready-to-wear designers '' who championed the midi-length dress as an alternative to the miniskirt in American fashion . In 1970 , Dominic was designing for the New York branch of Dior when they were abruptly sacked by the Dior New York president , Henry Sherman , but was swiftly reinstated by Jacques Rouet from the Paris company , who sacked Sherman and assured Dominic of their indefinite contract . In 1973 , Dominic was creating coats for a New York firm called Originalia .
Later career
By July 1974 , Toubeix was back in Paris and presenting a couture collection of luxurious separates under the name of their former mentor , Castillo .
References
1927 births
French fashion designers
American fashion designers
Possibly living people
Majid Karimov ( born 16 December 1958 ) ( is an Azerbaijan statesman and public person .
Minister of Fuel and Energy of the Republic of Azerbaijan ( 2001–2004 ) , Minister of Industry and Energy of the Republic of Azerbaijan ( 2004–2005 ) . President of Azerichimia State Company of the Republic of Azerbaijan ( 2005-2010 ) . Member of Parliament of the Republic of Azerbaijan of the III convocation . Professor , Doctor of technical sciences . Emeritus Scientist of the Republic of Azerbaijan .
Career
1980 - graduated cum laude from the Azerbaijan Institute of Oil and Chemistry
1980-1989 - worked in the field of oil and gas engineering
1989-1999 - held different positions in the State Oil Company of the Republic of Azerbaijan ( SOCAR )
1999-2001 - Director of `` Gipromorneftegas '' State Scientific Research and DesignInstitute of the SOCAR
2001-2004 - Minister for Fuel and Energy of the Republic of Azerbaijan
2004-2005 - Minister for Industry and Energy of the Republic of Azerbaijan
2005 - President of Azerichimia State Company of the Republic of Azerbaijan
2006 - 2010 Member of Parliament of the Republic of Azerbaijan
2008 - titled Emeritus Scientist by the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan
By the decree of the President of the Azerbaijan Republic of 2001 Mr. Karimov was appointed a chairperson of the State Commission for implementation of 4 major international projects : Azeri-Chirag-Guneshly ( ACG ) , Shakh-Deniz , Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan ( BTC ) and Baku-Tbilisi-Erzerum .
Managed projects in the areas of oil and gas field exploitation , oil and gas transportation and processing , petrochemical and chemistry production , etc .
The following programmes approved by the President of Azerbaijan were supervised by Mr. Kerimov : the “ State Programme for the development of the fuel and energy complex of the Republic of Azerbaijan for the period of 2005-2015 » and the “ State Programme for the use of alternative energy sources in the Republic of Azerbaijan ” . Presently , these Programmes are being successfully implemented .
As a member of the Azerbaijani Government attended various international conferences held in England , Germany , France , Russia , Turkey , Norway , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Georgia , etc .
Chaired the oil and gas conferences traditionally held in Azerbaijan
Actively participated in developing relations with such international organizations , as the European Energy Charter , Organization for the Black Sea Economic Cooperation , and international financial institutions , such as the World Bank , International Monetary Fund , Asian Development Bank , European Bank for Reconstruction and Development , etc .
Author of more than 200 scientific articles , 10 books and monographs , and tens of innovations .
Married with 2 children .
References
Azerbaijani scientists
Members of the National Assembly ( Azerbaijan )
Government ministers of Azerbaijan
1958 births
Living people
Popcorn is an unincorporated community in Perry Township , Lawrence County , Indiana .
History
Popcorn took its name from Popcorn Creek . A local legend states a visitor from out of town compared the size of local farmers ' corn to `` popcorn '' compared to their own .
A post office called Popcorn was established in 1891 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1905 .
The town is also known for a brand of kettle corn popcorn that takes the name of the town , but the company is not headquartered in the town .
Geography
Popcorn is located at .
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Lawrence County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Nina Kunzendorf ( born November 10 , 1971 ) is a German actor . Them credits include the television series Tatort and the films Phoenix , Woman in Gold and Unspoken .
Early life
Kunzendorf was born in Mannheim , Baden-Württemberg .
External links
Living people
German film actores
German television actores
21st-century German actores
1971 births
Actors from Mannheim
Inharrime District is a district of Inhambane Province in southeastern Mozambique . Its principal town is Inharrime . The district is located at the south of the province , and borders with Panda and Homoine Districts in the north , Jangamo District in the northwest , Zavala District in the south , and with Manjacaze District of Gaza Province in west . In the east , the district is bounded by the Indian Ocean . The area of the district is . It has a population of 97.471 as of 2007 .
Geography
The district is elongated from west to east , between the western border of the province and the ocean . The principal rivers in the district are the Inharime River , the Nhanitande River , the Nhaliuaue River , and the Inhassune River . There are multiple lakes as well .
The climate is tropical semi-arid in the interior and tropical humid at the coast . The annual rainfall at the coast is around , and in the interior it varies between and .
History
The name `` Inharyni '' was recorded by Vasco da Gama during their 1498 Indian expedition ; it is not entirely clear whether this is identical to Inharrime , which appears much later in the colonial documents . In 1815 , the Portuguese colonial administration was established in Nhamiba , currently Inharrime . Later it was moved to the current location .
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos , Inharrime ( three localities ) and Mocumbi ( two localities ) .
Demographics
As of 2005 , 45 % of the population of the district was younger than 15 years . The most common mothertongue among the population was Chopi . 44 % were analphabetic , mostly women .
Economy
About 1 % of the households in the district have access to electricity .
Agriculture
In the district , there are 18,000 farms which have on average of land . The main agricultural products are corn , cassava , cowpea , peanut , cotton , and sugar cane .
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes a stretch of the national road EN1 , crossing the eastern part of the district .
References
Districts in Inhambane Province
The streak-backed antshrike ( Thamnophilus insignis ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
It is found in Venezuela and adjacent parts of Guyana and northern Brazil .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests .
References
streak-backed antshrike
Birds of Venezuela
streak-backed antshrike
streak-backed antshrike
streak-backed antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Acrogaster is a genus of fossil fish of the order Beryciformes , found in the Cretaceous period .
Species
There is currently 1 recognized species in this genus :
Acrogaster parvus Agassiz , 1839
References
Beryciformes
The Mofan Street ( ) is a street in Jincheng Township , Kinmen County , Taiwan .
Name
The street gets its name from the uniform hybrid architecture of Chinese and Western styles which means Model Street .
History
The construction of the street started in 1924 when the President of Kinmen Junior Chamber Fu His-chi held a fundraising drive among overseas Chinese . The street was completed in 1925 .
Architecture
The 75 meter long street features buildings with brick exteriors and arched door fronts modeled after the Japanese , Fujian and Western architecture . There are 16 buildings at each side connected by a common arcade .
See also
List of roads in Taiwan
References
1925 establishments in China
Streets in Taiwan
Transportation in Kinmen County
AIC 23 ( also known as Alice in Chains Twenty-Three ) is a 2013 mockumentary by American rock band Alice in Chains to promote their fifth studio album , The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here . The screenplay was co-written by guitarist/vocalist Jerry Cantrell , director Peter Darley Miller , and actor W. Earl Brown . The video premiered on Funny or Die on April 3 , 2013 . The title is a spoof of Pearl Jam 's documentary Pearl Jam Twenty ( 2011 ) .
Snippets of songs from The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here are featured in the film , such as the first two singles , `` Hollow '' and `` Stone '' , and two songs that had not been made available before the album was released : `` Voices '' and `` Phantom Limb '' .
Synopsis
AIC 23 follows film studies professor Alan Poole McLard on their journey to make a documentary about Alice in Chains . McLard interviews other musicians who have been influenced by the band . Among them are country singer Donnie `` Skeeter '' Dollarhide Jr. ( played by guitarist/vocalist Jerry Cantrell ) , reggae singer Nesta Cleveland ( played by vocalist William DuVall ) , black metal musician Unta Gleeben Glabben Globben Globin ( played by bassist Mike Inez ) , and hipster blogger Stanley Eisen ( played by drummer Sean Kinney ) .
Cast
W. Earl Brown as Alan Poole McLard
Sean Kinney as Stanley Eisen
William DuVall as Nesta Cleveland
Mike Inez as Unta Gleeben Glabben Globben Globin
Jerry Cantrell as Donnie `` Skeeter '' Dollarhide Jr .
Kim Thayil as Himself
Lars Ulrich as Himself
Robert Trujillo as Himself
Nancy Wilson as Herself
Ann Wilson as Herself
Mike McCready as Himself
Bill Kelliher as Himself
Duff McKagan as Himself
Brent Hinds as Himself
Production
Alice in Chains ' guitarist and vocalist Jerry Cantrell told Loudwire that the idea for AIC 23 came out of five or six conference calls with the band wondering what they would do to promote their new album , The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here . So the members made up their characters and had a loose idea of what they wanted to do , similar to what they did on The Nona Tapes ( 1995 ) . The band brought up director Peter Darley Miller and actor W. Earl Brown , who is also a friend of Cantrell . Alice in Chains ' co-lead vocalist William DuVall stated that the band would rather do anything than a run-of-the-mill promo video , and that 's why they decided to do this video .
The script was co-written by Jerry Cantrell and W. Earl Brown . Cantrell revealed that their character is a little bit their dad . Sean Kinney improvised the `` cuff '' lines and `` I was in a band back in the day '' .
The prosthetic makeup was made by Oscar-winning make-up artist Matthew W. Mungle , who also worked on Edward Scissorhands ( 1990 ) , Bram Stoker 's Dracula ( 1992 ) and Schindler 's List ( 1993 ) .
Release
AIC 23 premiered on Funny or Die on April 3 , 2013 , and was uploaded to Alice in Chains ' official YouTube channel two days later .
References
External links
Alice in Chains : AIC 23 on YouTube
Alice in Chains : AIC 23 on Funny or Die
Alice in Chains
2013 short films
2013 films
2010s mockumentary films
Funny or Die
American mockumentary films
American comedy short films
Films about music and musicians
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The MAZ-543/MAZ-7310 `` Uragan '' ( /Hurricane ) is a Soviet/Belarusian 8×8 artillery truck designed and developed by MAZ ( Minsk Automobile Plant ) , in what is now Belarus .
MAZ-543
Designed in the 1960s , the MAZ-543 was presented on 7 November 1965 during the Moscow Red Square military parade as part of SS-1с Scud B ( 9K72 Elbrus ) system . The vehicle is powered by a 38.9 litre D12A-525 tank diesel engine producing around 525 horsepower , and gives a maximum road speed of 37 mph ( 60 km/h ) .
There have been a number of variants .
MAZ-543A
The 1967 MAZ-543A , arrived ( with extra carrying capacity up to 22000 kg ) .
The MAZ-7310 could operate together with 4WD MAZ-8385 trailer as a road-train ( total length - 205.5 m ) for oil surveying , . It was used in Siberia and also as a tractor on military airbases .
MAZ-543M
The MAZ-543M version was designed to carry the BM-30 Smerch Multiple rocket launcher .
MAZ-543P
The MAZ-543P ( carrying capacity - 19600 kg ) was used for 9K76 Temp-S system .
MAZ-547
The MAZ-547 version is a six-axle version , used as Transporter erector launcher for the RSD-10 Pioneer .
MAZ-7910
This variant is used to carry the air defense missile complex S-300PMU-2 .
MAZ-74106
This variant is used mainly to transport the air search radar 64N6 BIG BIRD for the S-300PM .
WS2400
In 1986 , People 's Republic of China fielded its version of MAZ-543 . Initially designated WS580 but later renamed WS2400 , this Chinese version is one of the Wanshan series trucks manufactured by Wanshan Special Vehicle , a wholly owned subsidiary of China Aerospace Sanjiang Space Co. Ltd. , which is in turn a subsidiary of China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation ( CASIC ) . The advantage of the Chinese vehicle is that it utilizes a German diesel engine , transmission and hydraulics manufactured by Wanshan in China , built using technologies transferred from ZF Friedrichshafen .
See also
ZIL-135
MAZ-7917
TA580/TAS5380
WS2400
HEMTT
References
External links
MAZ-543 at military-today.com
7310
Military trucks of the Soviet Union
Wheeled self-propelled rocket launchers
Military vehicles introduced in the 1960s
Military vehicles of Belarus
Marwan Abou Fadel ( Arabic : مروان أبو فاضل ) is a Lebanese Greek Orthodox politician and a former Member of Parliament for the Greek Orthodox seat of Aley , in Mount Lebanon .
Early life and education
Abou Fadel was born in Ain Aanoub , Lebanon in 1958 . They are the son of the late Mounir Abou Fadel .
They hold a degree in law from the University of Paris , Assas and master 's degree in political science , also from France .
Political career
Abou Fadel entered political life in 1983 when they became the director of their father 's office . They are a former MP of Mount Lebanon , co-founder and vice-chairperson of the Lebanese Democratic Party .
They were elected in 1992 as a deputy for the Aley district .
Since 2014 , they are the secretary general of the Lebanese Orthodox Gathering ( اللقاء الأرثوذكسي ) .
References
Lebanese lawyers
Eastern Orthodox Christians from Lebanon
1958 births
Living people
People from Aley District
Lebanese Democratic Party politicians
The third season of the CBS crime drama series Hawaii Five-0 premiered on September 24 , 2012 and ended on May 20 , 2013 .
Cast and characters
Christine Lahti joined the cast in a recurring role as McGarrett 's mother , Doris , who had been revealed to actually still be alive at the end of the previous season . `` She 's a wonderful addition to the 'H50 ' family and the fans will certainly enjoy what we have in store for her , '' said showrunner Peter Lenkov . `` Let 's just say that the apple does n't fall far from the tree . '' Them role lead to a return of McGarrett 's girlfriend Catherine , who `` shamelessly flirted '' with a federal agent to get information about them
Ed Asner reprised their role as smuggler August March , a villain from the original series who become the first non-main character from it to have a rebooted version on the new series when McGarrett seeks March 's help in apprehending some art thieves . In other casting developments , Lenkov revealed on their Twitter feed that Carlos Bernard had joined the show . They declined to identify which role Bernard would play , but did say that the producers hoped they would appear in `` many eps '' . They appeared in two episodes portraying WITSEC Agent Channing . Ving Rhames was cast as a guest star and possibly more . One episode was slated to flash back to Danny 's New Jersey police days when they had to deal with Rhames 's character , leading to a possible recurring role in the present . However , the episode aired and Rhames did not appear .
Main cast
Alex O'Loughlin as Lieutenant Commander Steven `` Steve '' McGarrett , United States Navy Reserve
Scott Caan as Detective Sergeant Daniel `` Danny '' `` Danno '' Williams , Honolulu Police Department
Daniel Dae Kim as Detective Lieutenant Chin Ho Kelly , Honolulu Police Department
Grace Park as Officer Kono Kalakaua , Honolulu Police Department
Masi Oka as Dr. Max Bergman , Chief Medical Examiner
Michelle Borth as Lieutenant Catherine Rollins , United States Navy
Recurring
Reiko Aylesworth as Dr. Malia Waincroft
William Baldwin as Frank Delano
Dennis Chun as HPD Sergeant Duke Lukela
Mark Dacascos as Wo Fat
Ian Anthony Dale as Adam Noshimuri
Daniel Henney as Michael Noshimuri
Teilor Grubbs as Grace Williams
Richard T. Jones as Governor Sam Denning
Christine Lahti as Doris McGarrett
Will Yun Lee as Sang Min Sooh
Taryn Manning as Mary Ann McGarret
Taylor Wily as Kamekona Tupuola
Brian Yang as Che `` Charlie '' Fong
Terry O'Quinn as Commander Joe White , United States Navy
Justin Bruening as Lieutenant Commander William `` Billy '' Harrington
Autumn Reeser as Dr. Gabrielle Asano
Notable guest stars
Ed Asner as August March
Jimmy Buffett as Frank Bama
Treat Williams as Mick Logan
C. Thomas Howell as Martin Cordova
David Keith as Commanding Officer Wade Gutches
Lochlyn Munro as Jim Rogers
Sydney Tamiia Poitier as Grace
Terrence Howard as a gang member
T.I . as a gang member
Behati Prinsloo as themselves
Alan Ritchson as Freddie Hart
Rumer Willis as Sabrina Lane
Vanessa Marcil as Olivia Victor
Tom Arnold as Ron Alberts
Jeff Fahey as Professor
Jason Scott Lee as Detective Kaleo
Craig T. Nelson as Tyler Cain
Daniel Baldwin as Paul Delano
George Takei as Uncle Choi
Peter Weller as Curt Stoner
Summer Glau as Maggie Hoapili
Aisha Tyler as Savannah Walker
William Sadler as John McGarrett
Janel Parrish as Rebecca Fine
Curtis Bush as Security Guard # 3
Duane Chapman as Dog the Bounty Hunter
Carlos Bernard as WITSEC Agent Chris Channing
Episodes
Production
On March 14 , 2012 , CBS renewed Hawaii-Five-0 for a third season . Filming began on July 9 , 2012 , with a traditional Hawaiian blessing . The season premiered on September 24 , 2012 . The season premiere aired one day earlier in Hawaii on Waikīkī Beach . In the UK the third season of Hawaii-Five-0 airs as part of Sky 1 Sundays at 9pm and is followed by crossover show NCIS : Los Angeles . Broadcast began on January 6 , 2013 for both .
Online voting by viewers determined the ending of the January 14 , 2013 episode `` Kapu '' ( `` Forbidden '' ) , with two zones , Eastern and Central Time Zones , and Mountain and Pacific Time Zones , each getting their own result . Each alternate ending could be seen online after the episode aired .
The episode `` Hookman '' was inspired by the episode of the same title from the original series . Locations from the original episode were used in the new one . Peter Weller directed the episode and played the amputee , though Jason Kroger , a double amputee , stood in for Weller for closeups of their hands . The episode credits ( although not the end titles ) were done in the style of the original series , including having the episode title be shown on screen .
Reception
Ratings
Home Video Release
References
External links
List of Hawaii Five-0 episodes at The Futon Critic
2012 American television seasons
2013 American television seasons
Hawaii Five-0 ( 2010 TV series ) seasons
Hiram IV ( Phoenician Hi-ru-mu ) — was the Phoenician king of Tyre around 500 BC .
Reign
The only narrative source about Hiram IV is the `` Histories '' of Herodotus , in which they are called Sirom . In their account of the generals who led the fleet of King Xerxes I of Persia during their campaign in Greece in 480 BC , Herodotus mentioned , among others , King Mattanus III of Tyre , son of Hiram .
Since Herodotus gave the name of the father of Mattanus III , and therefore they were quite well known even to the Greeks , it is assumed that Hiram IV was also a king like their son . Based on references to other rulers of Tyre of the VI—V centuries BC , the reign of Hiram IV dates back to about 500 BC . Probably , their predecessor on the throne of Tyre was King Ithobaal IV , but whether they were related is unknown . No details about the reign of Hiram IV are preserved in the sources . The next ruler of Tyre was King Mattan III .
See also
King of Tyre
References
Kings of Tyre
5th-century BC Phoenician people
Ken Hermann , Herman or Herrmann may refer to ;
Ken Hermann , a Danish photographer
Ken Herman , a Glendora , California , City Council member
Ken Herrmann , founder of the Association of Pickleball Professionals
Erythranthe carsonensis is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Carson Valley monkeyflower .
Distribution
The species is native to Nevada and California , where its range is restricted to three valleys ( Carson , Eagle , and Washoe Valleys ) and the surrounding foothills . Its preferred habitat is dry , sandy soils in sagebrush and bitterbrush vegetation .
Description
An annual species , 2 to 10 cm tall , bearing 1 to 20 yellow flowers . The flower is typically 0.5 to 1 inch wide , yellow with yellow hairs and tiny red dots on the palate and a large red dot on the lower limb . In small plants , the flower is often larger than the leaves and stem .
Sereno Watson first described this species as `` A pretty dwarf flower of the earliest spring , forming bright patches of color among the sage-brush in the lower valleys , the delicate inch-long stem seeming scarce able to sustain the absurdly disproportionate flowers that terminate it . Carson Valley , Nevada ; April . ''
Taxonomy
Erythranthe carsonensis was separated from Erythranthe montioides in 2012 based on morphological and habitat differences .
References
External links
Nevada Natural Heritage Program taxon page
USDA Plants Profile
Photo gallery
carsonensis
Flora of California
Flora of Nevada
The 2020 United States presidential election in Arkansas took place on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated . Arkansas voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting incumbent Republican President Donald Trump and their running mate , incumbent Vice President Mike Pence , against Democratic challenger and former Vice President Joe Biden and their running mate , United States Senator Kamala Harris of California . Also on the ballot were the nominees for the Libertarian , Green , Constitution , American Solidarity , Life and Liberty , and Socialism and Liberation parties and Independent candidates . Write-in candidates are not allowed to participate in presidential elections .
Prior to the election , all 14 news organizations making predictions considered this a state Trump would win , or otherwise a safe red state . In 2016 , Trump won Arkansas by a 26.92 % margin , the largest margin for a candidate of either party since Jimmy Carter 's 30.01 % margin in 1976 . In 2020 , Trump won 62.40 % of the vote to Biden 's 34.78 % , a 27.62 % margin , the seventh consecutive election in which Republicans improved on their margin in Arkansas , the longest in the nation of any state for either party . This made Arkansas one of only seven states , along with the District of Columbia , in which Trump improved on their performance in 2016 . This margin makes it the largest loss by a Democrat since Democratic nominee George McGovern in 1972 . A socially conservative southern state fully within the Bible Belt , Arkansas has not voted for a Democratic presidential candidate since native son and former governor Bill Clinton carried it when they were re-elected in 1996 . The last Democrat even to win over 40 % of the vote was John Kerry in 2004 .
Trump won landslide margins across the state , including in many of the state 's metropolitan areas and suburbs . Biden 's strength was mostly isolated to Pulaski County , home to the state capital and largest city of Little Rock , and Jefferson County , home to Pine Bluff . They also won six rural , predominantly African-American counties on the eastern border along the Mississippi River . All but seven counties in the state swung heavily to the right , with the exceptions being Pulaski County and two other counties in the Little Rock metropolitan area ; Sebastian County , home to Fort Smith ; and three counties in the northwest encompassing and surrounding the college town of Fayetteville , where the University of Arkansas is located . Notably , Biden lost Washington County , where Fayetteville is , by only 3.9 percentage points , the closest any Democrat has come to winning it since Clinton did so in 1996 . Arkansas weighed in as 32.07 percentage points more Republican than the national average in 2020 .
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on Super Tuesday , March 3 , 2020 .
Republican primary
Incumbent President Donald Trump , former Massachusetts Governor Bill Weld , and perennial candidate Rocky De La Fuente were the declared Republicans candidates . Tom Cotton , the current junior senator from Arkansas , declined to run in 2017 . As incumbent presidents rarely face prominent challenges in primaries , Trump won all 40 delegates and 97.13 % of the vote .
Democratic primary
Eighteen candidates were on the Democratic primary ballot , of whom nine had already withdrawn , three withdrew during the early voting period , and six were active candidates . Former Vice President Joe Biden won the primary with 40.59 % of the vote and 17 delegates ; they carried all but one county . Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont came in second place , with 22.44 % of the vote and 9 delegates . Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg won 16.72 % of the vote and 5 delegates ; no other candidates won over 15 % of the vote or any delegates . Biden 's win was widely predicted in polling and forecasts , similar to most other southern states ; their best performance was along the eastern border along the Mississippi River and on the southern border , which have high concentrations of African American voters , who Biden consistently performed better among throughout the primary . They also won the Little Rock , Fort Smith , Jonesboro , and Pine Bluff metropolitan areas . Analogous with their performance in the 2016 primary , Sanders performed best in the northwest , traditionally the most Republican part of the state , holding Biden to less than 40 percent of the vote in many regions and winning Washington County , home to the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville . Biden 's strong performance in the state is a vestige of the prominence of moderate , white , Democratic politicians in and from the state throughout the late 20th century and 2000s which has largely faded amid increased political polarization and Republican gains among white , non-college-educated voters . Aided by several other centrist candidates withdrawing from the race just before Super Tuesday and a growing Democratic voter base in the suburbs , Arkansas was a relatively noncompetitive state throughout the primary .
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Fundraising
According to the Federal Election Commission , in 2019 and 2020 , Donald Trump and their interest groups raised $ 2,732,436.64 , Joe Biden and their interest groups raised $ 2,088,712.78 , and Jo Jorgensen and their interest groups raised $ 5,289.19 from Arkansas-based contributors .
Candidate ballot access
The candidates on the ballot were listed in the following order :
Jo Jorgensen / Jeremy `` Spike '' Cohen , Libertarian
Kanye West / Michelle Tidball , Independent
Brock Pierce / Karla Ballard , Independent
Brian Carroll / Amar Patel , American Solidarity
Howie Hawkins / Angela Nicole Walker , Green
C.L . Gammon / Phil Collins , Independent
Gloria La Riva / Sunil Freeman , Socialism and Liberation
John Richard Myers / Tiara Lusk , Life and Liberty
Don Blankenship / William Mohr , Constitution
Joseph R. Biden / Kamala Harris , Democratic
Roque `` Rocky '' De La Fuente / Darcy G. Richardson , Independent
Donald J. Trump / Michael R. Pence , Republican
Political party candidates were eligible via a primary election or party convention and had to have filed an affidavit of eligibility , political practices pledge , and party certificate with the Arkansas Secretary of State by March 1 , 2020 , as did independent candidates . Independents also had to file a petition with at least 1,000 signatures of eligible voters from up to 90 days before the petition filing deadline on August 3 , 2020 . Write-in candidates can not run in presidential , municipal , or primary elections .
Electoral slates
Technically the voters of Arkansas cast their ballots for electors , or representatives to the Electoral College , rather than directly for president and vice president . Arkansas is allocated six electors because it has four congressional districts and two senators . All candidates who appear on the ballot must submit a list of six electors who pledge to vote for their candidate and their running mate . Whoever wins the most votes in the state is awarded all six electoral votes . Their chosen electors then vote for president and vice president . Although electors are pledged to their candidate and running mate , they are not obligated to vote for them . An elector who votes for someone other than their candidate is known as a faithless elector . In the state of Arkansas , there are no laws regarding faithless electors , meaning their vote is counted and not penalized .
The electors of each state and the District of Columbia met on December 15 , 2020 , to cast their votes for president and vice president . All six pledged electors cast their votes for incumbent President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence . The Electoral College itself never meets as one body . Instead , the electors from each state and the District of Columbia met in their respective capitols . The electoral vote was tabulated and certified by Congress in a joint session on January 6 , 2021 per the Electoral Count Act .
These electors were nominated by each party in order to vote in the Electoral College should their candidate win the state :
Results
Statewide results
Results by county
By congressional district
Analysis
Arkansas is a majority-White Southern state , completely covered in the Bible Belt . As a result -- although former Democratic president and state governor Bill Clinton hails from the state -- no Democrat has won Arkansas since they did in 1996 , with the Republican margin increasing in every consecutive presidential election since then . In addition , the state lost its competitive status in 2008 , when the Democratic presidential nomination of Barack Obama over Hillary Clinton—as well as Arkansans ' distaste for social liberalism—caused Arkansas to go red by almost 20 points , as opposed to only 9 in 2004 .
Continuing on this trend , Trump carried the Natural State again by a margin of 27.62 % , a 0.7 % increase from 26.92 % four years earlier in 2016—during a year when the Democrats won nationally . Even as most of the nation swung slightly leftward , many counties in Arkansas still swung dramatically rightward . Trump improved their margin in the historically Democratic Delta county of Woodruff from 8.9 % four years ago to 27.7 % this year .
Biden 's main bases of support were in Pulaski County ( Little Rock ) , Jefferson County ( Pine Bluff ) , and most of the counties along the Mississippi River . Despite their statewide loss , Biden shrank Trump 's margin in Washington County—a northwest Arkansas county home to Fayetteville and in turn the University of Arkansas—from 9.9 % to 3.9 % .
Per exit polls by the Associated Press , Trump 's strength in Arkansas came from 86 % with White , born again/evangelical Christians . Fifty-two percent of voters opposed changing the Arkansas state flag to remove the star that symbolizes the Confederacy , and these voters backed Trump by 88 % –10 % .
In other elections , incumbent Republican Tom Cotton defeated Libertarian Ricky Dale Harrington , Jr. in the senatorial election by 33 points , outperforming Trump . Harrington 's performance is the best Libertarian senatorial performance in history in terms of voting percentage . No Democrat filed in the senatorial race .
Notes
See also
United States presidential elections in Arkansas
2020 Arkansas elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
References
Further reading
https : //www.arkansasonline.com:443/news/2020/sep/02/election-presents-multiple-choices/
https : //www.arkansasonline.com:443/news/2021/feb/08/election-cost-county-128357/ ? elections
External links
( state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
Arkansas
2020
Presidential
Mohamed Kheir Tarabulsi ( 26 September 1950 – 21 August 2002 ) was an amateur Lebanese weightlifter ( he was a firefighter ) . At the 1972 Summer Olympics , they won the silver medal in the men 's Middleweight category .
Life and career
Tarabulsi was born in Beirut on 26 September 1950 . At 18 years of age , weighting 67.10 kg , they lifted a total of 377 kg and placed 14th among 20 participants in the 67.5 kg weightlifting category at the Mexico 1968 Olympic games . With 67 kg , they were too light for a height of 167 cm . Yet , in 1969 , they set the junior world record of Middleweight with 140 kg , a very great lift , equal to the junior light heavyweight record . In Munich 1972 , now weighting 74.05Kg , they lifted 160 + 140 + 172.5 = 472.5 and the silver medal for the 75 kg weightlifting category . Still in Munich , but in an out of competition attempt to break the world in the snatch , both Aimé Terme of France and Trabulsi attempted to lift 146.5 kg to break the world record , both competitors failed the lift . Trabulsi had already broken that world record in snatch on 2 previous occasions earlier in 1972 : they lifted 145.5 kg on 22 Jun 1972 in Beirut , then 146 kg on 30 Jun 1972 in Amman , Jordan . After that failed attempt to break their own record in Munich , they succeeded twice : 147.5kg on 11 Nov 1972 in Beirut and 150 kg on 25 Jan 1973 in Beirut .
Always in the 75 kg category , Tarabulsi placed first at the 1975,1979 , and 1983 Mediterranean games , as well as first place at the 1978 Asian games . In the 1982 Asian games , however , they placed second but in the 82.5Kg category . In all , they participated in 3 weightlifting world championships ( Havana 1973 , Moscow 1980 , and Sofia 1986 ) , 3 summer Olympics ( Mexico 1968 , Munich 1972 , and Moscow 1980 ) , 3 Mediterranean games ( Algiers 1975 , Split 1979 , and Casablanca 1983 ) , and 2 Asian games ( Bangkok 1978 , and New Delhi 1982 ) . Trabulsi died from cancer in 2002 , aged 52 .
Tarabulsi at the Munich 1972 summer Olympic Games
Always in Munich , but in an out of competition attempt to break the world record in the snatch , Tarabulsi attempted to lift 146.5 kg but failed the lift .
Tarabulsi at the Mediterranean Games
Tarabulsi at the Asian Games
References
Sports Reference
sports-reference.com
Notes
1950 births
2002 deaths
Sportspeople from Beirut
Lebanese male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Lebanon
Weightlifters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Lebanon
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
Weightlifters at the 1978 Asian Games
Weightlifters at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Lebanon
Asian Games silver medalists for Lebanon
Medalists at the 1978 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Lebanon
Mediterranean Games medalists in weightlifting
Competitors at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 1979 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 1983 Mediterranean Games
Sulamanaia Fetaiai Tauiliili Tuivasa is a Samoan politician and Member of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa . They are a member of the Human Rights Protection Party .
Tuivasa is a former public servant for the Ministry of Revenue . They are married to Nive Tauiliili a Certified Accountant with seven children . They were first elected to the Legislative Assembly of Samoa in the 2016 election , defeating Cabinet Minister Tuisugaletaua Sofara Aveau . In 2019 they accused the HRPP government of interfering in public service appointments . Later that year they voted against removing Lands & Titles Court President Fepuleai Atila Ropati from office . They were re-elected in the 2021 election . On 4 May 2022 , Sulamanaia was suspended from parliament for a day for raising their voice during a heated argument . They then are called back to Parliament the following day . They remain in the position until the next election 2026 .
References
Living people
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Samoa
Human Rights Protection Party politicians
Samoan civil servants
Year of birth missing ( living people )
This is the list of awards and nominations received by the Coen brothers ( Joel Coen and Ethan Coen ) .
Awards
Academy Awards
Joel Coen and Ethan Coen have each been nominated for a total of fourteen Academy Awards ( twice under their alias “ Roderick Jaynes ” ) and have won four , including two for screenwriting ( Best Original Screenplay for Fargo and Best Adapted Screenplay for No Country for Old Men ) , one for Best Director ( No Country for Old Men ) , and one for Best Picture ( No Country for Old Men ) . Twelve of their nominations were joint , but each received an individual nomination for Fargo ( Joel for Best Director and Ethan for Best Picture ) – thus the brothers have fifteen combined nominations .
They are two of only nine filmmakers with three Oscars for the same film . The others are James L. Brooks for Terms of Endearment ( 1983 ) , James Cameron for Titanic ( 1997 ) , Francis Ford Coppola for The Godfather Part II ( 1974 ) , Alejandro G. Iñárritu for Birdman or ( The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance ) ( 2014 ) , Peter Jackson for The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King ( 2003 ) , Billy Wilder for The Apartment ( 1960 ) , Alfonso Cuarón for Roma and Bong Joon-ho for Parasite ( Cuarón and Bong 's films both won Best International Feature Film ) .
Best Picture
Best Director
Best Original Screenplay
Best Adapted Screenplay
Best Editing ( as Roderick Jaynes )
Golden Globe Awards
Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Best Motion Picture – Drama
Best Director
Best Screenplay
Best Original Song
BAFTA Awards
Best Film
Best Direction
Best Original Screenplay
Best Adapted Screenplay
Best Editing ( as Roderick Jaynes )
Primetime Emmy Awards
Critics Choice Movie Awards
Best Picture
Best Comedy
Best Director
Best Screenplay
Directors Guild of America Awards
Producers Guild of America Awards
Writers Guild of America Awards
Best Original Screenplay
Best Adapted Screenplay
Independent Spirit Awards
Saturn Awards
Best Action or Adventure Film
Best Independent Film
Best Director
Best Writing
Cannes Film Festival
Palme d'Or
Best Director
The awards were given to Joel Coen
Cannes Grand Prix
Venice Film Festival
Golden Osella for Best Screenplay
National Board of Review
Best Director
Best Original Screenplay
Best Adapted Screenplay
Best Film
National Society of Film Critics
Best Director
Best Screenplay
Best Film
New York Film Critics Circle
Best Director
Best Screenplay
Los Angeles Film Critics Association
Best Director
Best Screenplay
London Film Critics Circle
Director of the Year
Screenwriter of the Year
Chicago Film Critics Association
Best Director
Best Screenplay
Best Original Screenplay
Best Adapted Screenplay
References
Lists of awards received by writer
Lists of awards received by film director
Spider : The Secret of Bryce Manor is a 2009 side-scrolling action-puzzle video game for iOS and Android , developed and published by Tiger Style . The player takes control of a spider who comes to reside in to the deserted Bryce Manor and must spin webs to trap various types of insects , whilst simultaneously ascertaining what happened to the former residents of the manor . The game received critical acclaim and won multiple awards . Originally released in August , a Director 's Cut update replaced the original version on the App Store in December . The update added ten levels , twenty-four Game Center achievements , new music , more story elements and an insect ( the hornet ) . A year after the game 's initial release , a HD version was released for the iPad . In 2013 , the game was also released for Android . A sequel , Spider : Rite of the Shrouded Moon , was released in August 2015 for iOS , Android , Windows , Mac and Linux .
Gameplay
The player takes control of a spider whose primary goal is to survive by spinning webs and eating insects . At the same time , the player can explore the manor , searching for secrets and clues . Finding out what happened to the former occupants of the manor is an optional side quest , and is never explicitly foregrounded in the game ; the player is free to come to their own conclusions as to what happened by interpreting the various pieces of evidence they find .
Each level represents a room or area in Bryce Manor and is viewed in a side-scrolling 2D display . Using the touchscreen , the player controls the movement of the spider . Pressing on the right or left side of the screen will make the spider walk in that direction . Swiping in any direction will make the spider jump . To have the spider spin a web , the player must first tap on the screen , and then jump from one surface to another . If the distance between the two surfaces is too great , the web will break . To capture insects , the player must create a triangle of web strands .
The aim in each level is to eat a certain amount of insects . At this point , a portal to the next level will open , although the player can remain in the level and eat the rest of the insects if they wish . Insects include , but are not limited to , moths , crickets , ladybugs and wasps . Hornets are unique in the game insofar as they can not be caught in a web . Instead , they must be attacked directly by jumping into them .
The game includes four main modes ; `` Adventure '' , `` Feeding Frenzy '' , `` Hunger '' , and `` Precision '' . Adventure mode is the basic story mode . Hunger is an endless mode where the player must keep eating insects until they die . Feeding Frenzy gives the player a limited amount of time to complete each level . Precision gives the player a limited amount of silk with which to complete each level .
Reception
Spider : The Secret of Bryce Manor was released to critical acclaim . It holds an aggregate score of 93 out of 100 on Metacritic , based on 12 reviews .
Pocket Gamer Tracy Erickson scored the game 8 out of 10 , giving it a `` Silver Award '' . They were critical of the controls , which they found oftentimes unresponsive , but called the game `` fresh , inventive , and altogether significant . '' IGN Levi Buchanan scored it 8.9 out of 10 and awarded it with an `` Editor 's Choice '' , arguing that `` right now , no game better defines the purity of iPhone game design than Spider : The Secret of Bryce Manor . '' They praised the controls , the background mystery element to the gameplay and the music , concluding that `` Spider is a brilliant little game that could only happen on the iPhone . It 's a perfect distillation of a concept -- a spider 's exploration -- dropped in the middle of a mystery that you actually do n't even need to pay attention to in order to enjoy the game . '' 148Apps scored it 4.5 out of 5 , calling it `` one of the most beautiful , elegant , and original iPhone games to date , '' and praising the graphics , music and controls .
AppSmile scored the game 5 out of 5 , calling it `` one of the most inventive and unique games that we 've come across , '' and concluding `` There is nothing like Spider in the app store . It stands on its own and stands proudly . Replay value abounds , from attempting to capture all bugs to unlocking all achievements to just having fun spinning webs and enjoying the spider 's control scheme . We ca n't praise the game enough for bringing something new , exciting , and addicting to the app store . '' AppSpy Andrew Nesvadba also scored it 5 out of 5 , writing `` With a subtle narrative told only by experiencing the game , this is the kind of app that may be marked as a key moment in the history of mobile phone gaming . '' Gamezebo 's Nathan Meunier also scored it 5 out of 5 , writing `` Atmosphere plays a huge role in Spider , and the beautiful hand drawn artwork pairs nicely with the hip soundtrack to evoke and intensify the sense of mystery that 's so crucial to the game . '' Also giving it 5 out of 5 , TouchArcade wrote `` Spider : The Secret of Bryce Manor is a lovely original iPhone game that we highly recommend . '' Slide to Play Riordan Frost scored it 4 out of 4 , writing `` Spider is an incredibly innovative game which we do n't see often enough in the App Store . Its unique character provides a breath of fresh air . ''
The game would go on to win multiple awards , including AppGamer iPhone Game of the Year , the Independent Games Festival 's Best Mobile Game and Best iPhone Game ( 2009 ) , Slide to Play Best Platform Game ( 2009 ) and TouchArcade 2009 iPhone Game of the Year . It was also nominated for Debut Game of the Year and Best Handheld Game at the Game Developers Choice Awards . As of May 2012 , Spider had sold over 300,000 copies .
Sequel
A sequel called Spider : Rite of the Shrouded Moon was released in August 2015 .
References
External links
2009 video games
IOS games
Android ( operating system ) games
GameClub games
Video games about insects
Puzzle video games
Video games developed in the United States
Works set in country houses
Video games about spiders
Single-player video games
Wilson Muñoz Brenes ( born 5 February 1975 ) is a Costa Rican former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Career
Muñoz started their career with Costa Rican side Alajuelense , forming a midfield partnership with Costa Rica international Wílmer López .
In 2000 , they signed for OFI in Greece .
In 2002 , Muñoz signed for Saprissa , Costa Rica 's most successful club , where they were known for being asked by a model to sign them buttocks .
References
External links
Living people
1975 births
People from Puntarenas
Costa Rican footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga FPD players
Super League Greece players
L.D . Alajuelense footballers
A.D. Turrialba players
OFI Crete F.C . players
Deportivo Saprissa players
Municipal Liberia footballers
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Costa Rican expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Greece
The Pushyabhuti dynasty ( IAST : Puṣyabhūti ) , also known as the Vardhana dynasty , ruled in northern India during 6th and 7th centuries . The dynasty reached its zenith under its last ruler Harsha Vardhana ( c. 590–647 CE ) , and the Empire of Harsha covered much of north and north-western India , extending till Kamarupa in the east and Narmada River in the south . The dynasty initially ruled from Sthanveshvara ( in modern Kurukshetra district , Haryana ) , but Harsha eventually made Kanyakubja ( modern Kannauj , Uttar Pradesh ) their capital , from where they ruled until 647 CE .
Etymology and name
According to Harsha-charita , composed by the court poet Bana , the family was known as Pushyabhuti dynasty ( IAST : Puṣyabhūti-vaṃśa ) , or Pushpabhuti dynasty ( IAST : Puṣpabhūti-vaṃśa ) . The manuscripts of Harsha-charita use the variant `` Pushpabhuti '' , but Georg Bühler proposed that this was a scribal error , and that the correct name was Pushyabhuti . Several modern scholars now use the form `` Pushpabhuti '' , while others prefer the variant `` Pushyabhuti '' .
Some modern books describe the dynasty as `` Vardhana '' , because the names of its kings end with the suffix `` -vardhana '' . However , this may be misleading as the names of kings of other dynasties also end with this suffix .
Origins
No concrete information is available about the origins of the dynasty . Harshacharita by the 7th century poet Bana gives a legendary account of their origin , naming Pushyabhuti as the dynasty 's founder . According to this legend , Pushyabhuti lived in the Srikantha janapada ( modern Kurukshetra district ) , whose capital was Sthanvishvara ( modern Thanesar ) . A devotee of Shiva , Pushyabhuti became involved in a tantric ritual at a cremation ground , under the influence of Bhairavacharya , a teacher from `` the South '' . At the end of this ritual , a goddess ( identified with Lakshmi ) anointed them the king and blessed them as the founder of a great dynasty . The Pushyabhuti mentioned in Bana 's account appears to be a fictional character , as they are not mentioned in the dynasty 's inscriptions or any other source .
The writings of Xuanzang and an 8th century Buddhist text , the Arya-manjushri-mula-kalpa suggest that the dynasty belonged to the Vaishya caste .
History
The Pushyabhuti dynasty originally ruled a small area around their capital Sthaneshvara ( Thanesar ) . According to Hans T. Bakker , their ruler Aditya-Vardhana ( or Aditya-Sena ) was probably a feudatory to Sharva-varman , the Maukhari king of Kannauj . Their successor Prabhakara-Vardhana may have also been a feudatory to the Maukhari king Avanti-Varman in their early days . Prabhakara 's daughter Rajyashri married Avanti-Varman 's son Graha-Varman . As a result of this marriage , Prabhakara 's political status increased significantly , and they assumed the imperial title Parama-bhattaraka Maharajadhiraja . ( `` the one to whom the other kings bow because of their valour and affection '' ) .
According to the Harshacharita , after Prabhakara 's death , the king of Malava attacked Kannauj , supported by the ruler of Gauda . The Malava king killed Graha-Varman , and captured Rajyashri . Bana does not mention this king , but historians speculate them to be a ruler of the Later Gupta dynasty . Prabhakara 's elder son Rajya-Vardhana defeated the Malava ruler , but was killed by the Gauda king .
The Harshacharita further states that Prabhakara 's younger son Harsha-Vardhana then vowed to destroy the Gauda king and their allies . Again , Bana does not mention the name of the Gauda king , but historians identify them with Shashanka-Deva , the ruler of Bengal ( Gauda ) . Harsha formed an alliance with Bhaskar Varman , the king of Kamarupa , and forced Shashanka to retreat . Subsequently , in 606 CE , Harsha was formally crowned as an emperor . They captured a large part of northern India ( see the Empire of Harsha ) . There are different assessments of the exact extent of Harsha 's empire , but they controlled major parts of northern India ; their overlordship was accepted by the king of Vallabhi in the west and the Kamarupa king Bhaskaravarman in the east ; in the south , their empire extended up to the Narmada River .
Harsha eventually made Kanyakubja ( modern Kannauj in Uttar Pradesh ) their capital , and ruled till c. 647 CE . They died without an heir , leading to the end of the Pushyabhuti dynasty .
Rulers
The following are the known rulers of the Pushyabhuti or Vardhana dynasty , with estimated period of reign ( IAST names in bracket ) :
List of Rulers–
See also
Middle kingdoms of India
List of Hindu empires and dynasties
References
Bibliography
States and territories established in the 6th century
States and territories disestablished in the 7th century
6th-century establishments in Nepal
The Anrep effect is an autoregulation method in which myocardial contractility increases with afterload . It was experimentally determined that increasing afterload caused a proportional linear increase in ventricular inotropy . This effect is found in denervated heart preparations , such as the Starling Preparation , and represents an intrinsic autoregulation mechanism .
Physiology
Sustained myocardial stretch activates tension-dependent Na+/H+ exchangers , bringing Na+ ions into the sarcolemma . This increase in Na+ in the sarcolemma , reduces the Na+ gradient exploited by sodium-calcium exchanger ( NCX ) , and stops them from working effectively . Ca2+ ions accumulate inside the sarcolemma as a result , and are taken up by sarco ( endo ) plasmic reticulum Ca2+-ATPase ( SERCA ) pumps . Calcium induced calcium release ( CICR ) from the sarcoplasmic reticulum is thus increased upon the next activation of the cardiac myocyte . This leads to an increase in the force of contraction of the cardiac muscle , which partly counterbalances the effects of afterload by increasing stroke volume and cardiac output to maintain tissue perfusion . On the other hand , it has been proposed that the Anrep effect may be a spurious effect resulting from the recovery of the myocardium from a transient ischemia arising from the abrupt increase in blood pressure .
Function
The Anrep effect allows the heart to compensate for the increased end-systolic volume and the decreased stroke volume that occurs when aortic blood pressure ( i.e . afterload ) increases . Without the Anrep effect , an increase in aortic blood pressure would create a decrease in stroke volume that would compromise circulation to peripheral and visceral tissues .
History
The Anrep effect is named after Russian physiologist Gleb von Anrep , who described it in 1912 . Anrep clamped the ascending aorta in dogs , and showed that the heart dilated .
References
Cardiology
Manca may refer to :
People
Francesco Manca ( born 1966 ) , Italian amateur astronomer .
Manca Izmajlova , Slovenian opera singer .
Pietrino Manca ( died 2001 ) , Italian physicist .
Other
Franco Manca , a sourdough pizza business .
Manca , the post-larval juvenile in some crustaceans .
Vanja Perišić ( born July 5 , 1985 in Split ) is a Croatian middle distance runner , who specialized in the 800 metres . Perisic represented Croatia at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where they competed for the women 's 800 metres . They ran in the third heat of the event , against six other athletes , including Kenya 's Pamela Jelimo , who eventually won the gold medal in the final . They finished the race in sixth place by seventy-one hundredths of a second ( 0.71 ) behind Mauritius ' Annabelle Lascar , with a time of 2:06.82 . Perišić , however , failed to advance into the semi-finals , as they placed thirty-fifth overall , and was ranked farther below three mandatory slots for the next round .
On April 29 , 2009 , Perišić was among the Olympic non-medal winners , who tested positive for Cera , an advanced version of endurance-enhancing hormone EPO .
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Croatian female middle-distance runners
Living people
Olympic athletes of Croatia
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Split , Croatia
1985 births
Croatian sportspeople in doping cases
Doping cases in athletics
Argentina held legislative elections in 1948 were held on 7 March .
Background
Elected in early 1946 on a populist platform , President Juan Perón undertook a program of nationalization of strategic industries and services , as well as the vigorous support of demands for higher wages ( led by the rapidly growing CGT labor union ) . They also took care to cultivate Church-state relations in Argentina , making religious instruction mandatory and regularly consulting the Archbishop of Buenos Aires , Cardinal Copello , on social policy . These moves and economic growth of nearly a fourth in their first two years led to a positive showing in legislative elections on March 7 - held only week after the nationalization of British railways in Argentina , and during Perón 's appendectomy . Half the seats in the Lower House were renewed , and its makeup changed only somewhat in favor of Peronists .
The opposition had dissolved their 1945 alliance , the Democratic Union ; but they rallied behind and largely endorsed the only party significant enough to challenge Perón : the centrist Radical Civic Union ( UCR ) . The president moved quickly to consolidate their political power , replacing the Labor Party that elected them with a Peronist Party , in 1947 , and purging universities and the Supreme Court of opposition . The brazen moves were followed by the Peronists ' introduction in Congress of a bill mandating an assembly for the replacement of the 1853 Constitution . Debate in Congress , where the UCR had retained a sizable minority , was heated throughout 1948 , though the bill was approved by 96 out of 158 members of congress . The UCR itself was divided during the vote ; a faction that had supported Perón ( the `` Renewal Group , '' led by Amadeo Sabattini ) abstained in an attempt to deprive the vote of quorum , and ultimately broke with Perón .
Elections for the 158 assemblymen were called for December 5 . Results closely mirrored those of the legislative elections , though blank voting increased as a result of Congressman Sabattini 's call . One Peronist assemblyman was elected as a `` Labor Party '' candidate , joining Sabattini 's opposition to its redesignation as a `` Peronist '' party . UCR assemblymen , for their part , attended only the inaugural session to espress their opposition to the body 's legality . The assembly concluded its proceeding on March 16 , 1949 , with a new constitution granting the president the right to seek reelection , depriving Congress of its right to override vetoes , enacting social guarantees , and enhancing the state 's rights over natural resources - all designed to advance Perón 's agenda at the time .
Results
Results by province
References
1948
1948 elections in South America
1948 in Argentina
Daniella Tobar is a Chilean television actor . In January 2000 , they attracted media headlines in Chile and worldwide after undertaking an art project whereby they took up residence in a transparent glass house placed in the centre of Chile 's capital city , Santiago . The project , which lasted for two weeks , requires of Tobar to go about performing their daily routine and lead a normal life in full view of the public .
The glass house measuring 8-by-8 foot was designed and built by architect Arturo Torres . The project cost US $ 23,000 and was funded by the Chilean government cultural agency . The purpose of the project was to examine the public 's response on the issue of right to privacy .
Tobar 's feat attracted huge crowds among people of Santiago , mainly men . The feat also attracted discontent and uproar among the conservative population of Chile after they had taken a shower in the glass house in the nude .
References
External links
dekhona.com Video link
Chilean actores
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
David Meltzer is an American writer , producer , and businessperson .
As an executive producer , Meltzer created the Amazon Prime Video and Bloomberg television shows 2 Minute Drill and Office Hours .
Life and career
Meltzer graduated from Tulane University School of Law in 1993 with a law degree .
Meltzer is the current chief executive officer ( CEO ) of Sports1 , which they co-founded with Hall of Fame quarterback , Warren Moon . Previously , they served as a CEO of Leigh Steinberg Sports and Entertainment . They were also the CEO of PC-EPhone , where they helped develop the company 's first phone , a forerunner to the smartphone , in 2001 , which combined characteristics of a personal digital assistant ( PDA ) , telephone , and handheld PC .
Bibliography
Connected to Goodness ( 2013 )
Be Unstoppable ( 2018 )
Game-Time Decision Making ( 2019 )
Awards and recognition
Ellis Island Medal of Honor ( 2014 )
Variety 's Sports Humanitarian of the Year ( 2016 )
References
American producers
Tulane University alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Bantaeng Regency ( Kabupaten Bantaeng ; ) is a regency of South Sulawesi Province in Indonesia . It covers an area of 395.83 km2 and had a population of 176,984 at the 2010 Census , rising to 196,716 at the 2020 Census . The official estimate as at mid 2021 was 197,886 . The administrative centre is the town of Bantaeng ( historically , Bonthain ) , which lies on the south coast of the southern peninsula of Sulawesi island .
Administration
Bantaeng Regency is divided into eight Districts ( Kecamatan ) , tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census , as well as according to the official estimates for mid 2021 .
Climate
Bantaeng has a tropical savanna climate ( Aw ) with moderate to little rainfall from July to November and heavy rainfall from December to June .
Beaches
Bantaeng Regency has 3 beaches :
Lamalaka Beach
Seruni Beach
Marina Beach and Resort
The previous 2 beaches is near the administrative centre , Bantaeng , and the last beach is 18 kilometers southeast of Lamalaka Beach .
References
Regencies of South Sulawesi
Let Me in Your Life is the twentieth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin , released on February 25 , 1974 , by Atlantic Records .
It was one of Aretha 's top-selling Atlantic Records albums . The album hit # 1 on Billboards R & B albums chart and just missed the Top 10 of Billboards main album chart , narrowly missing Gold certification . Featuring three hit singles , it is regarded as one of Franklin 's best Atlantic recordings . It was issued on compact disc through Rhino Records in 1994 .
Track listing
Information is based on the album 's Liner NotesFranklin , Aretha . `` Let Me in Your Life '' ( Original Album Notes ) . Atlantic . 1974.Side One `` Let Me in Your Life '' ( Bill Withers ) – 3:24
`` Every Natural Thing '' ( Eddie Hinton ) – 2:31
`` Ai n't Nothing Like the Real Thing '' ( Nickolas Ashford , Valerie Simpson ) – 3:47
`` I 'm in Love '' ( Bobby Womack ) – 2:48
`` Until You Come Back to Me ( That 's What I 'm Gon na Do ) '' ( Clarence Paul , Stevie Wonder , Morris Broadnax ) – 3:26
`` The Masquerade is Over '' ( Herbert Magidson , Allie Wrubel ) – 4:27Side Two '
`` With Pen in Hand '' ( Bobby Goldsboro ) – 5:03
`` Oh Baby '' ( Aretha Franklin ) – 4:55
`` Eight Days On the Road '' ( Jerry Ragovoy , Mike Gayle ) – 2:59
`` If You Do n't Think '' ( Aretha Franklin ) – 3:50
`` A Song for You '' ( Leon Russell ) – 5:33
Personnel
Information is based on the album 's Liner Notes
Main
Aretha Franklin – vocals ( 1 , 6 , 8 , 10-11 , lead on 2-5 , 7 , 9 ) , acoustic piano ( 2 , 5 , 7-9 ) , Fender Rhodes ( 10-11 )
Ken Bichel – synthesizer ( 5 )
Margaret Branch – backing vocals ( 2 , 5 , 7 , 9 )
Ann S. Clark – backing vocals ( 2 , 5 , 7 , 9 )
Stan Clarke – bass guitar ( 1 , 3-4 , 6 )
Judy Clay – backing vocals ( 3-4 )
Eumir Deodato – Fender Rhodes ( 1 ) , acoustic piano
Cornell Dupree – guitar ( 2 , 4 , 7-11 )
Gwen Guthrie – backing vocals ( 4 )
Donny Hathaway – keyboards ( 3 , additional on 7 ) , acoustic piano ( 4 , 6 ) , Fender Rhodes ( 5 , 8 )
Cissy Houston – backing vocals ( 3-4 )
Bob James – Hammond organ ( 1 ) , keyboards ( 3 )
Ralph MacDonald – percussion ( 1-4 , 6-11 )
Rick Marotta – drums ( 1 , 3-4 , 6 )
Hugh McCracken – guitar ( 5 )
Pancho Morales – percussion ( 2 , 5-6 , 8-9 )
Bernard Purdie – drums ( 2 , 5 , 7-11 )
Chuck Rainey – bass guitar ( 2 , 5 , 7 , 9 )
Sylvia Shemwell – backing vocals ( 3 )
Myrna Smith – backing vocals ( 3 )
Pat Smith – backing vocals ( 2 , 5 , 7 , 9 )
David Spinozza – guitar ( 1 , 3-4 , 6 )
Richard Tee – acoustic piano ( 1 , 9 ) , Hammond organ ( 2 , 5 , 10-11 ) , Fender Rhodes ( 2 ) , synthesizer , additional keyboards ( 10 )
Deirdre Tuck – backing vocals ( 4 )
Willie Weeks – bass guitar ( 8 , 10-11 )
Arif Mardin 's Horn Section
Joe Farrell – tenor saxophone ( 2 ) , flute ( 5 )
Ernie Royal – trumpet ( 10 )
Arif Mardin 's String Section
Gene Orloff – concertmaster ( 1-2 , 5 , 7-11 )
Production
Producers – Aretha Franklin ( all tracks ) ; Arif Mardin and Jerry Wexler ( 1-6 , 9 ) ; Tom Dowd ( 7-8 , 10-11 )
Arrangers – Eumir Deodato ( rhythm & strings on 1 ) , William Eaton ( music on 3-4 , 6 ) , Arif Mardin ( percussion on 1 , horns 1-2 , 4-5 , 7-11 , strings on 1-2 , 4-5 , 7-11 )
Engineers – Phil Ramone ( tracks 1 , 3 , 4 & 6 ) ; Gene Paul ( tracks 2 & 8-11 ) ; Lew Hahn ( Track 5 ) ; Howard Albert and Ron Albert ( track 7 )
Recorded at Atlantic Studios and A & R Studios ( New York City ) ; Criteria Studios ( Miami , Florida )
Remixed by Arif Mardin at Atlantic Studios
Mastered by Gene Paul at Atlantic Studios
Photography – Joel Brodsky
See also
List of number-one R & B albums of 1974 ( U.S . )
References
1974 albums
Aretha Franklin albums
Albums arranged by Arif Mardin
Albums arranged by Eumir Deodato
Albums produced by Jerry Wexler
Atlantic Records albums
Rhino Records albums
Albums with cover art by Joel Brodsky
Ballinagar ( historically Bellanagar , from ) is a village in County Offaly , Ireland . It lies on the R402 regional road , roughly midway between Daingean and Tullamore .
The Church of St. Joseph , built in 1837 , serves as the Roman Catholic parish church in the village . The local national school , also named St. Joseph 's , originally opened in 1949 but moved to a new building in 2011/2012 . The village has a pub named Tom and Jerry 's bar .
References
See also
List of towns and villages in the Republic of Ireland
Towns and villages in County Offaly
Habersham County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 43,041 . The county seat is Clarkesville . The county was created on December 15 , 1817 , and named for Colonel Joseph Habersham of the Continental Army in the Revolutionary War .
Habersham County comprises the Cornelia , GA Micropolitan Statistical Area .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.8 % ) is water . The county is located within the Blue Ridge Mountains , a segment of the Appalachian Mountains . The county also includes part of the Chattahoochee National Forest .
The highest point in the county is a knob less than southeast of the top of Tray Mountain , the seventh-highest mountain in Georgia . Habersham shares this portion of Tray Mountain , just 30 vertical feet shy of the peak 's 4,430-foot summit , with White County to the west and Towns County to the north . 2.4 miles to the northeast of Tray Mountain is Young Lick ( elevation ) . The Appalachian Trail runs along the top of the high ridge between Young Lick and Tray , a part of the Blue Ridge Mountain crest .
Habersham is mostly located in the Upper Chattahoochee River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin ( Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin ) , with the northeastern corner of the county located in the Tugaloo River sub-basin in the larger Savannah River basin , and the southeastern portion located in the Broad River sub-basin of the same Savannah River basin .
The Chattahoochee River rises in what used to be Habersham County , as portrayed in Sidney Lanier 's poem `` Song of the Chattahoochee '' :
Out of the hills of Habersham ,
Down the valleys of Hall ,
I hurry amain to reach the plain ,
Run the rapid and leap the fall ,
Split at the rock and together again .
The county , originally comprising much of Northeast Georgia , was cut up dramatically in the latter half of the 19th century and the first years of the 20th century ; as population increased in the area , new counties were organized from it and borders were changed . In 1857 , its most western part was added to Lumpkin County , which had been created in 1832 . That same year , the area east of Lumpkin and west of present-day Habersham became White County . In 1859 , Banks County was carved from Habersham 's southernmost territory . Finally , in 1905 , Stephens County was formed from parts of Habersham and Banks .
Major highways
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 123
U.S. Route 441
U.S. Route 441 Business ( west of Toccoa )
State Route 15
State Route 15 Connector
State Route 15 Loop
State Route 17
State Route 17 Alternate
State Route 105
State Route 115
State Route 197
State Route 197 Connector
State Route 255
State Route 255 Alternate
State Route 356
State Route 365
State Route 384
State Route 385
Adjacent counties
Rabun County - north
Oconee County , South Carolina - east
Stephens County - east
Banks County - south
Hall County - southwest
White County - west
Towns County - northwest
Education
All of Habersham County is served by the Habersham County School District .
The Tallulah Falls School is located in Tallulah Falls . Piedmont University and North Georgia Technical College are also located in Habersham county .
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 35,902 people , 13,259 households , and 9,851 families living in the county . The population density was 129 people per square mile ( 50/km2 ) . There were 14,634 housing units at an average density of 53 per square mile ( 20/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 88.88 % White , 4.48 % Black or African American , 1.89 % Asian , 0.29 % Native American , 0.10 % Pacific Islander , 2.99 % from other races , and 1.36 % from two or more races . 7.66 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 13,259 households , out of which 32.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 60.90 % were married couples living together , 9.30 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 25.70 % were non-families . 22.40 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.60 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 2.98 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 23.50 % under the age of 18 , 11.10 % from 18 to 24 , 28.50 % from 25 to 44 , 23.10 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females there were 105.50 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 103.00 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 36,321 , and the median income for a family was $ 42,235 . Males had a median income of $ 28,803 versus $ 23,046 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,706 . About 8.80 % of families and 12.20 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 14.40 % of those under age 18 and 15.00 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 43,041 people , 15,472 households , and 11,307 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 18,146 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 85.7 % white , 3.4 % black or African American , 2.2 % Asian , 0.5 % American Indian , 0.2 % Pacific islander , 6.3 % from other races , and 1.8 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 12.4 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 15.6 % were English , 13.9 % were Irish , 13.7 % were American , and 9.9 % were German .
Of the 15,472 households , 34.4 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.8 % were married couples living together , 10.5 % had a female householder with no husband present , 26.9 % were non-families , and 23.2 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.08 . The median age was 38.6 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,192 and the median income for a family was $ 49,182 . Males had a median income of $ 35,974 versus $ 27,971 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,286 . About 15.7 % of families and 19.6 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 31.2 % of those under age 18 and 12.5 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census , there were 46,031 people , 15,139 households , and 10,440 families residing in the county .
Politics
As of 2012 , the county is split into 14 voting precincts :
North : Batesville , Cool Springs , Fair Play , Deep Creek , Glade Creek , Fork , Falling Water , Clarkesville
South : Demorest , Center Hill , Cornelia , View , Mud Creek and Baldwin
Stacy Hall serves as Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners as of January 2019 .
Since 2011 , Habersham County has been represented in the Georgia House of Representatives by Republican member Terry Rogers . Habersham County was represented in the US House of Representatives as part of the 10th District . Representative Charlie Norwood represented the county for one month , until their death ( February 13 , 2007 ) . The seat remained vacant until a special election in July 2007 , which was won by Republican Paul Broun , an Athens physician . Broun served in the House until 2014 , when they ran unsuccessfully for the Republican nomination for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by the retiring Saxby Chambliss .
With the 2012 reapportionment , Habersham County became part of the 9th congressional district . Former Georgia House of Representatives member Doug Collins won the seat in the 2016 election .
Habersham county is the current home of former governor Nathan Deal after their term expired in 2019 .
Habersham County became the first Second Amendment sanctuary county in Georgia on January 13 , 2020 .
Prison
The Georgia Department of Corrections operates the Arrendale State Prison in an unincorporated area in the county , near Alto .
Lee Arrendale State Prison was built in 1926 . The prison was named after Lee Arrendale , former Chairman of the Georgia Board of Corrections , after they and their wife were killed in a plane crash . The facility was originally constructed as a tuberculosis ( TB ) hospital , when treatment consisted primarily of rest in sanatoriums . It operated until the mid-1950s ; with antibiotics , TB was better controlled and such hospitals were no longer needed . The facility was transferred to the Georgia Prison system .
Once acquired by the Georgia Department of Corrections , it was first used to house youthful offenders from ages 18–25 . Over a short amount of time , Lee Arrendale prison gained a bad reputation as the second most violent all-male prison in the state . In 2005 , however the Department of Corrections decided to make the prison an exclusive general purpose women 's prison . As a result of the prison 's past troubles and reputation for violence , the state decided to make this change to improve the prison 's status in the state . In March 2006 , the prison took in 350 women prisoners from Georgia 's overflowing jail system to start this process .
Lee Arrendale is also home to the United States ' first all-female fire department and the state 's first inmate fire department , , thanks to the Georgia Department of Corrections ' ( GDC ) Fire Services Division . The GDC operates many fire departments throughout the state , staffed solely by inmates , who are supervised by GDC employees . Such inmates are trained as certified officers but as professional firefighters . The inmate firefighter program provides fire protection to the largely rural communities without local or volunteer fire departments near the prisons , as well as to other locations in Georgia during emergencies . Inmates are trained and certified in accordance with Georgia law and the Georgia Firefighter Standards and Training Council , as with any regular fire department . In 2007 , inmate fire squads responded to the wildfires in South Georgia near Waycross , Georgia , in addition to the hundreds of other alarms they received statewide .
Communities
Cities
Alto
Baldwin
Clarkesville
Cornelia
Demorest
Mount Airy
Tallulah Falls
Census-designated place
Raoul
Unincorporated communities
Batesville
Habersham Mills
Hollywood
Turnerville
See also
Blair Line
National Register of Historic Places listings in Habersham County , Georgia
References
External links
Chamber of Commerce , local web site from local Chamber of Commerce
Habersham County , Roadside Georgia
Habersham County website
Habersham County historical marker , Georgia Info
Habersham Iron Works Manufacturing Company , historical marker , Georgia Info
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1818 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1818
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Iron Mask is a power metal band formed in 2002 by Belgian guitarist , also known from Magic Kingdom .
History
Revenge Is My Name ( 2002-2005 )
Petrossi signed with Lion Music in early 2002 to record a side project , Iron Mask . The band 's name and some songs of the first album were based on the book Man in the Iron Mask by Alexander Dumas . The album was titled Revenge Is My Name . Bass was recorded by Vassili Moltchanov ( Magic Kingdom , Cryme ) , vocals were performed by Phil Letaw ( Karyan , Cryme , Stormy Night ) , keyboards - by Youri De Groote .
Hordes of the Brave ( 2005-2009 )
In April 2005 , Iron Mask had a different line up for the album Hordes of the Brave . The band inaugurated Goetz `` Valhalla Jr '' Mohr ( Arrow , Hanz Damf , Rolf Munkes ) as vocalist . Guest vocalist Oliver Hartmann ( At Vance , Avantasia , Edguy , Aina , Magic Kingdom , Freedom Call , Helloween ) added vocals to three tracks . The keyboardist Richard Andersson ( Majestic , Time Requiem , Space Odyssey , Karmakanic , Evil Masquerade , Adagio , Silver Seraph ) is responsible for all the keyboards solos on Hordes of the Brave .
In November 2005 the band gave several concerts in Europe to promote Hordes of the Brave , touring with Canadian heavy metal veterans Anvil and Phantom X . The shows were filmed , and as a result in 2008 , Iron Mask contributed to documentary film about Anvil , called Anvil ! The Story of Anvil , as well as to soundtrack for the film .
Shadow of the Red Baron ( 2009-2011 )
In 2009 , the band 's third album , entitled Shadow of the Red Baron , was released . Petrossi wrote and produced eleven songs . The vocals were performed by Goetz `` Valhalla Jr. '' Mohr on all songs , with the exception of `` Dreams '' , which was sung by backing vocalist Oliver Hartmann . Another guest was Lars Eric Mattsson who played the third guitar solo on `` Sahara '' . Still on bass guitar was Vassili Moltchanov , but a new drummer was found in Erik Stout ( Vengeance , Joe Stump , Daize Shayne ) ; keyboards were played by Andreas Lindahl ( Wuthering Heights , The Murder of My Sweet , Narnia , Loch Vostok , Audiovision , Manticora , ZooL , Platitude ) . As with the previous album , Roma Siadletski ( Magic Kingdom ) performed extreme vocals . Jens Bogren ( Symphony X , Opeth , Soilwork , Paradise Lost , Universum , Amon Amarth , Collarbone ) was responsible for the sound .
Due to vocalist Goetz `` Valhalla Jr. '' Mohr 's health problems , Iron Mask brought Carsten `` Lizard '' Schulz ( Domain , Altaria , Shining Line , Eden 's Curse ) to perform vocal duties at their appearance at Graspop Metal Meeting on June 26 , 2010 , in Dessel , Belgium .
There were also a couple of other lineup changes : Ramy Ali ( Freedom Call , Kiske/Somerville , Evidence One , State of Rock ) was the band 's new drummer . Philippe Giordana ( Magic Kingdom , Fairyland , Kerion ) handled the keys as Andreas Lindahl was tied with other work engagements . On 4 December 2010 the same band-lineup performed at Frostrock metal festival ( Kuurne , Belgium ) , the other participants - At Vance , ReVamp , Primal Fear .
Black as Death ( 2011-2013 )
On 30 April 2011 , the band played a concert at Power & Prog Metal Fest ( Mons , Belgium ) alongside Europe , HammerFall , Gamma Ray and Vanden Plas .
In July 2011 the band announced that for the forthcoming album Black as Death part of vocal duties would be performed by ex-Yngwie Malmsteen singers Mark Boals ( Royal Hunt , Ring of Fire ) and Göran Edman ( Karmakanic , Brazen Abbot , Jayce Landberg , Time Requiem ) . Mats Olausson ( Yngwie Malmsteen , Ark , Evil Masquerade , John Norum ) will be responsible for all the keyboard parts . The mix and production will be done by Denis Ward ( Pink Cream 69 ) . For the album the band signed in September 2011 with AFM Records . Black as Death was released on 16 December 2011 .
Fifth Son of Winterdoom ( 2013-2014 )
In 2013 Iron Mask announced the forthcoming of 5th studio album Fifth Son of Winterdoom . The album was released on 8 November 2013 by AFM Records with Mark Boals on vocals .
Diabolica ( 2014-present )
In July 2014 the band started working on a new studio album , and two years later , it was announced that the band 's next studio album , Diabolica , would be released on 23 September 2016 , on AFM Records with Diego Valdez on vocals .
Discography
Studio albums
Revenge Is My Name ( 2002 )
Hordes of the Brave ( 2005 )
Shadow of the Red Baron ( 2009 )
Black as Death ( 2011 )
Fifth Son of Winterdoom ( 2013 )
Diabolica ( 2016 )
Master of Masters ( 2020 )
Contributions
V/A - Beyond Inspiration : A Tribute to Uli Jon Roth ( 2003 , Lion Music ) - `` Yellow Raven ''
V/A - Blackmore 's Castle vol.1 : A Tribute to Deep Purple & Rainbow ( 2003 , Lion Music ) - `` Gates of Babylon ''
V/A - Give Us Moore ! : A Tribute to Gary Moore ( 2004 , Lion Music ) - `` Out in the Fields ''
V/A - Anvil ! The Story of Anvil : Soundtrack ( 2008 ) - `` Holy War ''
V/A - Embrace the Sun - Lion Music Japan Benefit Album ( 2011 , Lion Music ) - `` Sons of the Sun ''
Music videos
2002 Revenge Is My Name
2010 Forever in the Dark
2012 God Punishes , I Kill
2013 Rock Religion
2016 I do n't forget , I do n't forgive
2020 Tree Of The World
Members
Current lineup
Dushan Petrossi - guitars , composing & songwriting
Mike Slembrouck - vocals
Vassili Moltchanov - bass
Ramy Ali - drums
Former & guest members
Mark Boals - vocals ( 2010-2014 )
Goetz `` Valhalla Jr. '' Mohr - vocals
Roma Siadletski - extreme vocals and backing vocals
Carsten `` Lizard '' Schulz - vocals ( live )
Göran Edman - vocals ( Track 10 of Black as Death )
Oliver Hartmann - vocals ( 2009-2010 )
Marcos Rodriguez - vocals ( live )
Fil Letow - vocals
Diego Valdez - vocals
Richard Andersson - keyboards ( 2003-2005 )
Mats Olausson - keyboards ( 2011-2015 , their death )
Andreas Lindhal - keyboards
Phil Giordana - keyboards ( live )
Erik Stout - drums
Anton Arkhipov - drums ( Exhumator , Magic Kingdom )
Timeline
References
External links
Official Myspace
Official Facebook Page
Dushan Petrossi 's official website
Iron Mask at last.fm last.fm
Iron Mask at musicmight.com Musicmight
Iron Mask at Encyclopaedia Metallum
Interview with Dushan Petrossi at GloryDazeMusic
Musical groups established in 2002
Belgian heavy metal musical groups
Power metal musical groups
2002 establishments in Belgium
The Burnmoor Stone Circles are a group of five different approximately 4000-year-old stone circles in Cumbria . They are around 1 mile north of the village of Boot , on the slopes of Boat How . The site which covers roughly a square mile is looked after by the National Trust . The largest circle is known as Brat 's Hill and there are two nearby pairs of circles known as White Moss and Low Longrigg .
Brat 's Hill stone circle
Brat 's Hill is the largest stone circle with approximately 42 stones forming an irregular circle with a diameter of 30 metres . There are five funerary cairns within the circle together with two further stones . There is an outlying stone 10 metres to the northwest of the circle .
White Moss stone circles
About 100 metres to the northwest of Brat 's Hill circle lie the two White Moss stone circles . One of them ( White Moss North East ) measures 16 metres in diameter and has 11 stones forming the circle , while the other ( White Moss South West ) measures 16.5 metres in diameter and has 14 stones forming the circle . Both stone circles have internal cairns .
Low Longrigg stone circles
About 500 metres to the northwest of Brat 's Hill circle lie the two Low Longrigg stone circles . One of them ( Low Longrigg North East ) measures around 21 metres in diameter , has 15 stones forming an irregular circle , and contains two cairns . The other ( Low Longrigg South West ) measures 15 metres in diameter , has nine stones forming the circle , and contains a cairn at the centre .
Gallery
References
Further reading
External links
Stone circles in Cumbria
The 5 megawatt ( MW ) Kimberlina Solar Thermal Energy Plant in Bakersfield , California is the first commercial solar thermal power plant to be built by Areva Solar . Completed in 2008 , the Kimberlina renewable energy solar boiler uses Compact Linear Fresnel Reflector ( CLFR ) technology to generate superheated steam . Each solar boiler has a group of 13 narrow , flat mirrors , that individually track and focus the sun 's heat onto overhead pipes carrying water . The water boils directly into steam . The steam can then spin a turbine to generate electricity or be used as industrial steam for food , oil and desalination processes . The Kimberlina solar boiler currently achieves 750-degree F superheated steam . The next generation solar boiler under construction is designed to achieve 900-degree F superheated steam .
AREVA Solar 's boiler is the first and only solar boiler certified with an S-Stamp by the American Society of Mechanical Engineers ( ASME ) .
The Kimberlina Solar Thermal Energy Plant was the first of its kind to be built in California in more than 20 years , with the previous plant being the Solar Energy Generating Systems , which employs solar troughs .
See also
List of concentrating solar thermal power companies
List of photovoltaic power stations
List of solar thermal power stations
Renewable energy in the United States
Renewable portfolio standard
Solar power in the United States
Solar power plants in the Mojave Desert
References
External links
Energy infrastructure completed in 2008
Solar power stations in California
Buildings and structures in Bakersfield , California
Begoña García Piñero ( born 1 March 1976 ) is a Spanish former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
References
1976 births
Living people
Spanish women 's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Spain
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Tommaso Omobono Tenni ( July 24 , 1905 – June 30 , 1948 ) was an Italian motorcycle road racer . Nicknamed The Black Devil , they were a multiple Italian Motorcycle champion , who raced to 47 victories for Moto Guzzi from 1933 till 1948 , the year they died from an accident during practice for the Swiss GP .
Early years
Omobono Tenni was born in Tirano , Lombardy . When they were 15 , their family moved to Treviso , where they began an apprenticeship at a motorcycle workshop . At 19 , they opened their own workshop and began their racing career . Their first victory was in 1924 , at the end of their teenage years . It was not until 1931 that members of their local club contributed so that they could purchase a Velocette 350 with which they finished in third place at the Italian Grand Prix at Monza followed by a victory at the Grand Prix Reale of Rome .
Moto Guzzi
In 1932 , they won a race at Rapallo against Moto Guzzi 's star rider , Pietro Ghersi . Their performance earned them a spot on the Moto Guzzi team for the 1933 season . For the 1934 season , Moto Guzzi developed a new V twin 500 cc racer and Tenni rode it to victory at the Italian Grand Prix ahead of their teammate Stanley Woods . They would go on to win the 1934 Italian 500 cc national championship . Tenni first travelled to the Isle of Man TT in 1935 . For a newcomer , they performed remarkably well . They were lying in second to their teammate Woods , when they crashed in a fog bank on the mountain section . It was here that they came to be dubbed the Black Devil referring both to the color of their hair and their diabolical riding style . They would again capture the 500 cc Italian National Championship in 1935 .
The highlight of their career was winning the 250cc Lightweight TT at the 1937 Isle of Man TT , becoming the first Italian to win the TT . In 1937 they also won the 250cc European Championship . They suffered serious injuries in the 1938 and 1940 seasons then their racing career was put on hold by World War II . After the war , they began racing again , claiming their fourth Italian 500 cc championship in 1947 . They put in a respectable performance at the 1948 Isle of Man TT where they set the race 's fastest lap and led the race before mechanical difficulties forced them back to ninth place . Omobono Tenni had 47 victories racing for Moto Guzzi in the period from 1933 to 1948 .
Maserati
In the mid 1930s Tenni ventured into car racing , and in 1936 and 1937 drove for Maserati , but was not as successful as on two wheels , although they did compete in the 1936 Mille Miglia , finishing first in their class and fifth overall .
Death
At the 1948 Swiss GP , at Bremgarten , Tenni died after a crash during practice . This was the same weekend that Achille Varzi crashed and died .
Sources
1905 births
1948 deaths
Sportspeople from the Province of Sondrio
Italian motorcycle racers
Motorcycle racers who died while racing
Isle of Man TT riders
Sport deaths in Switzerland
Walter A. Friedman is an American academic . They received their PhD in American History from Columbia University in 1996 . They serve as a Lecturer of Business Administration and the Director of the Business History Initiative at the Harvard Business School . They are the co-editor of the Business History Review with Geoffrey Jones .
Works
References
Living people
Harvard Business School faculty
Business historians
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The 2013–14 season was Sport Lisboa e Benfica 's 110th season in existence and the club 's 80th consecutive season in the top flight of Portuguese football . It involved Benfica competing in the Primeira Liga , Taça de Portugal , Taça da Liga , the group stage of the UEFA Champions League , and the knockout phase in the UEFA Europa League . Benfica qualified for the Champions League by coming second in the previous Primeira Liga .
On 4 June 2013 , coach Jorge Jesus renewed their contract for a further two seasons , making them the first manager since Otto Glória in 1958–59 to start a fifth consecutive season at Benfica .
The season was one of the best in Benfica 's history , as the club won its 33rd title , its fifth Taça da Liga ( without conceding a single goal ) , reached the Europa League final for the second consecutive season ( without any defeat ) and won its 25th Taça de Portugal achieving the tenth double ( record ) of the club .
By winning the Primeira Liga , Taça de Portugal and Taça da Liga , Benfica achieved a unique treble in Portugal . Benfica also finished the season unbeaten in home matches , and the 57 games played are a club record for a single season .
Events
Pre-season
The pre-season started on 1 July 2013 with medical evaluations on the players . After a brief period of exercising at the Caixa Futebol Campus the team was due to travel on 8 July for Évian-les-Bains in France , but on 6 July , it chooses to stay at Futebol Campus instead of travelling to France , but still maintained the three pre-season games against Ètoile Carouge , Bordeaux and Sion . The team participated in the semi-finals of the tournament Lisbon Football Association Honour 's Cup , where they played against Sporting CP B , using a mix of first team players like Ola John , Rodrigo or Jardel , with the remaining players from Benfica B . In the 3rd/4th place match , Benfica fielded a team with only one first-team player , Paulo Lopes . On 24 , 26 and 27 July , Benfica faced Peñarol , Levante and Nice at Estádio Algarve , respectively . On 31 July , Benfica played Elche on their presentation game in Elche . They then took part in the sixth edition of the Eusébio Cup against São Paulo on 3 August , ending their pre-season on 9 August against Napoli as part of the MSC Crociere Cup .
August
18 : Benfica is defeated at Estádio dos Barreiros by Marítimo in their first loss of the season . Additionally , Benfica continue their negative record in the first matchday , not winning it for the ninth consecutive season , never with Jorge Jesus , and only once during the 10-year term of Luís Filipe Vieira .
25 : Benfica beat Gil Vicente with a dramatic stoppage time late goal from Lima at the 93rd minute , a minute after Marković equalizing the match . The Serbian armada was decisive in the victory , with both Sulejmani and Đuričić assisting in a goal . Earlier , Diogo Viana made it 1–0 for the after a Maxi Pereira mistake .
29 : Benfica draw Paris Saint-Germain , Olympiacos and Anderlecht in the Champions League draw .
31 : In the third matchday against Sporting CP , Benfica draw at the José Alvalade . The lions took the lead after an early goal from Fredy Montero , but Lazar Marković equalized the match in a solo run past three Sporting defenders , finished by rolling the ball under goalkeeper Rui Patrício .
September
14 : Benfica beat Paços de Ferreira , with an early goal from Enzo Pérez , cemented by two goals from Ezequiel Garay , the first time they scored twice at Benfica . Ljubomir Fejsa and Guilherme Siqueira made their club debut .
17 : In the first day of the Champions League , Benfica beat Anderlecht with a goal from Filip Đuričić on the fourth minute , followed by a Luisão goal at the half-hour mark . Đuričić scored their first goal at Benfica and first Champions League goal , while Luisão scored their fourth Champions League goal . It was Benfica 's first clean sheet of the season .
22 : In Guimarães , Benfica beat Vitória de Guimarães 1–0 after a goal from Óscar Cardozo , which rebounded on Marco Matias . Vitória 's David Addy was sent off earlier in the match .
28 : Benfica draw with Belenenses , losing the advantage won in the previous round . Both coach and president complained of mistakes of the referee Jorge Tavares .
October
2 : In the second round of the Champions League , Benfica is defeated by Paris Saint-Germain in Paris 3–0 , with the players received in Lisbon under criticism from the fans .
6 : At Estoril , Benfica beat the local team 1–2 , with goals from Lima and Óscar Cardozo . Despite the win , the team received further criticism from the fans .
19 : Benfica beat Cinfães in the third round of the Portuguese Cup , with a sole goal from Ola John , in the debut of Ivan Cavaleiro .
23 : In the third day of the Champions League , at home , Benfica draw before Greek side Olympiacos , with a goal from Óscar Cardozo in the 84th minute . In a rainy night , the pitch became soaked , difficulting the task of the players . Olympiacos ' Roberto and Javier Saviola returned to the Estádio da Luz .
27 : Benfica beat Nacional with goals from Guilherme Siqueira and Óscar Cardozo . The Paraguayan ties Nuno Gomes for ninth place in the all-time goalscoring list for Benfica .
November
1 : In Coimbra , Benfica trash Académica 3–0 , with goals from Óscar Cardozo , and Lazar Marković , with an own goal completing the score .
6 : Benfica lose 1–0 with Olympiacos on the fourth day of the Champions League , at the Karaiskakis Stadium . Roberto won man of the match , saving the Greek team numerous times .
9 : On the fourth round of the Portuguese Cup , Benfica defeat Sporting CP 4–3 . A hat-trick from Óscar Cardozo and a late goal from Luisão were enough to defeat the long-time rival . In an emotional match , which ended tied at 3–3 at regular time , the asupervisorstioned goal from Luisão untied the score at overtime .
19 : Jorge Jesus is suspended for 30 days for their actions in Guimarães by the Portuguese Football Federation ( FPF ) .
23 : In the tennth league matchday , Benfica beat Braga with a goal in the 73rd minute from Nemanja Matić .
27 : On the fifth day of the Champions League , at the Constant Vanden Stock Stadium , Benfica beat Anderlecht by 3–2 with goals from Nemanja Matić and Rodrigo , and own goal from Chancel Mbemba . It was the club 's first win against Anderlecht on Belgian soil .
December
1 : Benfica beat Rio Ave in Vila do Conde with a goal from Rodrigo and a double from Lima .
7 : In the first game of the twelve matchday , at home , Benfica draw 2–2 with Arouca with a goal from Rodrigo . David Simão , a youth graduate from Benfica , scored the visiting team 's only goal . Jesus received criticism for their options , mostly by using Bruno Cortês in the match .
10 : In the final matchday of the Champions League group stage , Benfica beat Paris Saint-Germain 2–1 . Lima and Nicolás Gaitán scored the goals . It meant the third time in four years , Benfica fails to progress to the knockout round of the Champions League .
15 : At the Estádio do Algarve , Benfica beat Olhanense with goals from Lima , Nemanja Matić and Miralem Sulejmani . Goalkeeper Jan Oblak made their debut for Benfica following an injury to regular starter Artur .
20 : Benfica beat Vitória de Setúbal at the Estádio do Bonfim , with goals from Rodrigo and Lima .
31 : In the first day of the League Cup , Benfica beat Nacional after an own goal from Mexer .
January
4 : In the fifth round of the Portuguese Cup , Benfica defeat Gil Vicente with a double from Rodrigo and Lima , plus another from Lazar Marković .
5 : Eusébio , former Benfica player , dies aged 71 .
12 : Benfica beat Porto 2–0 with goals from Rodrigo and Ezequiel Garay . In a nearly sold out stadium , all Benfica players wore a black ribbon and all names on the back of the players ' shirts were of Eusébio . Benfica returned to the first position on the table , after losing it to Porto in their previous league match . It was also the first time since 2009 that Benfica defeated Porto in a league match .
15 : Benfica sells Nemanja Matić to Chelsea .
16 : On the second matchday of the League Cup , Benfica beat Leixões 2–0 , with goals from Filip Đuričić and Ivan Cavaleiro , both scoring their first goals of the season .
19 : Benfica defeat Marítimo , with a double from Rodrigo .
25 : On third day of the League Cup , Benfica beat Gil Vicente with a goal from Miralem Sulejmani . Benfica will face Porto in the semi-finals .
31 : Benfica sells Rodrigo and André Gomes to an investment firm . Both remain at Benfica until the end of the season .
February
1 : Benfica draw with Gil Vicente , at the Estádio Cidade de Barcelos , with a goal from Lima ; Óscar Cardozo misses a penalty .
5 : In the quarter-finals of the Portuguese Cup , Benfica beat Penafiel with a goal from Miralem Sulejmani .
11 : On matchday 18 , Benfica beat Sporting CP 2–0 , with goals from Nicolás Gaitán and then an individual effort by Enzo Pérez . The match was scheduled to be played on February 9 , but was postponed after the Estádio da Luz faced technical difficulties .
16 : On the 19th matchday , Benfica beat Paços de Ferreira at the Estádio da Mata Real , with goals from Ezequiel Garay and Lazar Marković .
20 : In the Round of 32 of the Europa League , Benfica defeat PAOK in Greece , with a goal from Lima .
24 : In matchday 20 , Benfica beat Vitória de Guimarães , with a sole goal from Lazar Marković .
25 : Mário Coluna passes away at age 78 .
27 : Benfica beat PAOK 3–0 , with goals from Nicolás Gaitán , Lima and Lazar Marković , ensuring progression to the Round of 16 .
March
2 : In matchday 21 , Benfica beat Belenenses with a sole goal from Nicolás Gaitán .
9 : On the 22nd matchday , Benfica faces Estoril , winning 2–0 with goals from Luisão and Rodrigo .
13 : In the Round of 16 of the Europa League , Benfica beat Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane , with a goal from Rodrigo and a double from Luisão .
17 : On matchday 23 , Benfica beat Nacional at the Estádio da Madeira 4–2 , with goals from Lima and Rodrigo , plus a double from Ezequiel Garay .
20 : In the second leg of the Round of 16 , Benfica eliminate Tottenham Hotspur after a 2–2 draw . Goals were scored by Ezequiel Garay and Lima .
23 : On matchday 24 , Benfica beat Académica with a double from Lima and another from Enzo Pérez .
26 : In the first leg of the semi-finals of the Portuguese Cup , Benfica lose to Porto at the Estádio do Dragão , with an early header from Jackson Martínez .
30 : On matchday 25 , Benfica beat Braga at the Estádio Municipal de Braga with a goal from Lima .
April
3 : In the first leg of the quarter-finals of the Europa League , Benfica beat AZ at AFAS Stadion with a goal from Eduardo Salvio .
7 : On matchday 26 , Benfica beat Rio Ave 4–0 , with goals from Rodrigo , Nicolás Gaitán and a double from Óscar Cardozo , both from the penalty kick .
10 : In the second leg of the quarter-finals of the Europa League , Benfica beat AZ Alkmaar 2–0 , with a double from Rodrigo , progressing to face Juventus in the semi-finals .
13 : On matchday day 27 , Benfica beat Arouca with goals from Rodrigo and Nicolás Gaitán , only needing three points to win the championship with three matches left on the season .
17 : In the second leg of the Portuguese Cup semi-finals , Benfica beat Porto 3–1 in a high-profile , high-pressure match , eliminating them and reaching the second consecutive Portuguese Cup final . Goals were scored by Eduardo Salvio , Enzo Pérez and with an individual effort , André Gomes scored the decisive goal .
21 : On matchday 28 , Benfica beat Olhanense with a double from Lima , winning their record 33rd title , with two games to spare .
24 : In the first leg of the Europa League semi-finals , Benfica beat Juventus by 2–1 with goals from Ezequiel Garay and Lima , taking a precious advantage for the second leg .
27 : In the semi-finals of the League Cup , Benfica eliminate Porto , this time away at the Estádio do Dragão , on penalty kicks after a null at the end of regular time .
May
1 : In the second leg of the semi-finals of the Europa League , Benfica draw to Juventus at Juventus Stadium , eliminating the Italian club from the Europa League . Benfica will play their second consecutive European final , albeit without Enzo Pérez , Lazar Marković and Eduardo Salvio .
4 : On matchday 29 , an already-crowned Champion and with some key players resting for the upcoming Europa League finals , Benfica faced Vitória de Setúbal and draw 1–1 , with a goal from André Gomes .
7 : At the League Cup final in Leiria , Benfica beat Rio Ave 2–0 , with goals from Rodrigo and Luisão , thus conquering their fifth Taça da Liga .
10 : In the final matchday of the championship , a resting Benfica lose to Porto at the Estádio do Dragão 2–1 , with a goal from Enzo Pérez . Benfica end the campaign 13 points ahead of rivals Porto .
15 : In the Europa League final against Sevilla , Benfica lose on the penalty kicks after Óscar Cardozo and Rodrigo each have their shots defended . It is the club 's third loss in the Europa League finals .
18 : In the Portuguese Cup final , Benfica defeat Rio Ave with a sole goal from Nicolás Gaitán , conquering their 25th Cup and establishing a record treble , winning both domestic cups and the Primeira Liga championship .
Stadium
Players
Squad information
Transfers in
Total expenditure : €27.0 million
Transfers out
| }
Total income : €42.1 million
Technical staff
Pre-season friendlies
Competitions
Overview
Primeira Liga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Taça de Portugal
Third round
Fourth round
Fifth round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Taça da Liga
Group stage
Knockout phase
Semi-finals
Final
UEFA Champions League
Benfica began their Champions League campaign in the group stage after achieving a top-two finish in the league 's previous season . Courtesy of their UEFA coefficient , they were seeded in Pot 1 for the draw , which took place in Monaco in late August 2013 . The final of the competition is to be played at Benfica 's home stadium Estádio da Luz .
Group stage
UEFA Europa League
Knockout phase
Round of 32
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Overall record
Player statistics
|-
! colspan= '' 15 '' style= '' background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center ; '' | Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan= '' 15 '' style= '' background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center ; '' | Defenders
|-
! colspan= '' 15 '' style= '' background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center ; '' | Midfielders
|-
! colspan= '' 15 '' style= '' background : # dcdcdc ; text-align : center ; '' | Strikers
| }
( B ) – Benfica B player
Notes
References
Specific
General
S.L . Benfica seasons
Benfica
Benfica
Portuguese football championship-winning seasons
Solar power in Connecticut makes Connecticut the second state in the US to reach grid parity , after Hawaii , due to the high average cost of electricity . Installing solar panels for a home provides an estimated 15.6 % return on investment .
CT Solar Lease was a program to install solar panels at no upfront cost , and a fixed lease price for 15 years , with an option to extend the lease for 5 years at a reduced cost . CT Solar Lease owns and sells the RECs generated by the system , but turns over all but $ 15/REC plus 100 % of the sale over $ 30 or 50 % of the sale of the REC up to $ 30/REC to the homeowner in a Solar Dividends account for maintenance and to allow the purchase of the system at the end of the lease . RECs have been selling for from $ 18 to $ 24 each . Applications ended on August 19 , 2011 .
Regulations
Connecticut 's renewable portfolio standard requires 7 % of power in the state will be from renewable resources by 2010 , and 23 % by 2020 . A bill passed in 2011 requires incentives that will produce at least 30 MW of new residential PV installed by the end of 2022 . Net metering is available for all up to 2 MW sites , and is reconciled annually at either the avoided cost or the time of use/generation rate , which is higher but requires time of use metering .
Statistics
Potential generation
The average insolation in Connecticut is about 4 sun hours per day , and ranges from less than 2 in the winter to over 5 in the summer .
Source : NREL
Installed capacity
Connecticut electricity consumption in 2005 was 33,095 million kWh .
Utility-scale generation
See also
Wind power in Connecticut
Solar power in the United States
Renewable energy in the United States
References
External links
CT Clean Energy
Energy in Connecticut
Connecticut
Solar power in Connecticut
The 2022 OL Reign season is the team 's tenth season of play and their tenth season in the National Women 's Soccer League , the top division of women 's soccer in the United States .
In December 2021 , the team announced that it would start playing its home games at Lumen Field in Seattle , Washington .
Team
Technical staff
Current roster
Competitions
All times are in PT unless otherwise noted .
Preseason and friendlies
Thorns Preseason Tournament
The Women 's Cup
Regular season
Regular-season standings
Results summary
Results by matchday
Playoffs
Challenge Cup
Group stage
Divisional standings
Knockout stage
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Goalkeepers :
|-
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Defenders :
|-
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Midfielders :
|-
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Forwards :
|-
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Players who left the team during the season :
|-
|-
|colspan= '' 14 '' |Own goals for :
|-
|-
Transfers
For incoming transfers , dates listed are when OL Reign officially signed the players to the roster . Transactions where only the rights to the players are acquired ( e.g. , draft picks ) are not listed . For outgoing transfers , dates listed are when OL Reign officially removed the players from its roster , not when they signed with another team . If a player later signed with another team , their new team will be noted , but the date listed here remains the one when they were officially removed from the OL Reign roster .
Transfers in
Draft picks
Draft picks are not automatically signed to the team roster . Only those who are signed to a contract will be listed as incoming transfers .
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
New contracts
Awards
NWSL Player of the Month
NWSL Team of the Month
NWSL Player of the Week
NWSL Save of the Week
NWSL Challenge Cup All-Tournament Team
The Women 's Cup
Most Valuable Player : Tziarra King
References
External links
OL Reign seasons
2022 in sports in Washington ( state )
2022 National Women 's Soccer League season
American soccer clubs 2022 season
Sports in Tacoma , Washington
is a private junior college in Nakatsu , Ōita , Japan . The predecessor of the school , founded in 1899 , was chartered as a women 's junior college in 1967 . In 2000 it became coeducational , while the present name was adopted in 2002 .
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1899
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Ōita Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1899 establishments in Japan
WYDU ( 1160 AM ) `` Power House 1160 '' ( formerly WTEL ) is a radio station broadcasting a Religious format . Licensed to Red Springs , North Carolina , United States . The station is currently owned by Sandra and Charles Cookman , through licensee WEDU Broadcasting Inc .
References
External links
YDU
Doctor Satan may refer to :
Dr. Satan , a villain in a series of pulp stories by Paul Ernst that ran in Weird Tales
Dr. Satan , a character in the film House of 1000 Corpses
Doctor Satan , a character in the film serial Mysterious Doctor Satan , also known as Doctor Satan 's Robot
Dr. Satan , archenemy of the Japanese superhero Kagestar
Doctor Satán , a 1966 Mexican film directed by Miguel Morayta
Marcel Petiot ( 1897–1946 ) , French doctor and serial killer , active in Paris during World War II
Mary J. Carruthers ( born January 15 , 1941 ) is the Erich Maria Remarque Professor of Literature and Professor of English , emerita , at New York University . They also teach at New York University Abu Dhabi . They are formerly a professor at Case Western Reserve University and the University of Illinois .
They have written widely on medieval literature and rhetoric , memory and mnemonic techniques , and the history of spirituality .
They hold a Ph.D. in English from Yale University ( 1965 ) , and a B.A . in English from Wellesley College ( 1961 ) .
They were elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2020 .
Carruthers was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 2022 .
Publications
Rhetoric Beyond Words : Delight and Persuasion in the Arts of the Middle Ages . ed . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press . 2010 .
'Ars oblivionalis , ars inveniendi : The Cherub Figure and the Arts of Memory . ' Gesta 48 ( 2009 ) : 1–19 .
'Varietas : a word of many colours . ' Poetica : Zeitschrift für Sprach- und Literaturwissenschaft ( Munich , Germany ) , Fall 2009 : 33–54 .
'Mechanisms for the transmission of culture : the role of 'place ' in the arts of memory . ' In Translatio , the Transmission of Culture in the Middle Ages . ed Laura Hollengreen . Arizona Studies in the Middle Ages and Renaissance ( Turnhout : Brepols ) , 2008 : 1–26 .
'Sweetness . ' Speculum 81 ( 2006 ) : 999–1013 .
'On affliction and reading , weeping and argument : Chaucer 's lachrymose Troilus in context . ' Representations 93 ( 2006 ) : 1–21 .
The Medieval Craft of Memory : An Anthology of Texts and Pictures . ed . with J. M. Ziolkowski . University of Pennsylvania Press . 2002 .
The Craft of Thought : Meditation , Rhetoric . and the Making of Images . 400–1200 . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press . 1998 .
The Book of Memory : A Study of Memory in Medieval Culture . New York : Cambridge University Press . 1990 . ( Second Ed . Cambridge : Cambridge University Press . 2008 . )
Acts of Interpretation : The Text in Its Contexts . 700–1600 . ed . with Elizabeth D. Kirk . Norman , OK : Pilgrim Books . 1982 .
The Search for St . Truth : A Study of Meaning in Piers Plowman . Evanston , IL : Northwestern University Press . 1973 .
'The Wife of Bath and the Painting of Lions ' ( essay )
References
Sources
Mary Carruthers biography on the NYU website
Mary Carruthers curriculum vitae
1941 births
Living people
New York University faculty
Literature educators
American women academics
New York University Abu Dhabi faculty
Fellows of All Souls College , Oxford
Fellows of the Medieval Academy of America
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Corresponding Fellows of the British Academy
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Jenkins County is a county located in the southeastern area of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2010 census , the population was 8,340 . The county seat is Millen . The county was created on August 17 , 1905 , and named after the 44th Governor of Georgia , Charles Jones Jenkins .
History
During the Red Summer of 1919 , there was a race riot on April 13 , 1919 in Jenkins County , in which white mobs attacked the black community .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.5 % ) is water .
Most of the southern portion of Jenkins County , from southwest of Millen to west of Hiltonia , is located in the Lower Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin , with the exception of very small parts of the southwestern corner of the county , north and east of Garfield , which are located in the Canoochee River sub-basin of the same Ogeechee River basin . The northwestern portion of Jenkins County is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin , with just the northeastern corner of the county located in the Brier Creek sub-basin of the Savannah River basin .
Major highways
U.S. Route 25
State Route 17
State Route 17 Bypass
State Route 21
State Route 23
State Route 67
State Route 121
State Route 555 ( Savannah River Parkway )
State Route 565 ( Savannah River Parkway )
Adjacent counties
Burke County ( north )
Screven County ( east )
Bulloch County ( south )
Emanuel County ( west )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 8,575 people , 3,214 households , and 2,269 families living in the county . The population density was 24 people per square mile ( 9/km2 ) . There were 3,907 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile ( 4/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 56.29 % White , 40.49 % Black or African American , 0.15 % Native American , 0.21 % Asian , 0.09 % Pacific Islander , 2.06 % from other races , and 0.70 % from two or more races . 3.35 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 3,214 households , out of which 33.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 45.90 % were married couples living together , 19.70 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 29.40 % were non-families . 25.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 11.30 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.16 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 28.50 % under the age of 18 , 9.20 % from 18 to 24 , 26.40 % from 25 to 44 , 22.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 35 years . For every 100 females there were 92.00 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 86.70 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 24,025 , and the median income for a family was $ 29,539 . Males had a median income of $ 28,804 versus $ 20,252 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 13,400 . About 22.30 % of families and 28.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 39.60 % of those under age 18 and 25.50 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 8,340 people , 3,192 households , and 2,164 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 4,221 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 54.9 % white , 40.5 % black or African American , 0.4 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 2.6 % from other races , and 1.2 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.0 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 13.0 % were American , 10.1 % were English , 7.4 % were Irish , and 6.3 % were German .
Of the 3,192 households , 34.7 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 42.1 % were married couples living together , 20.3 % had a female householder with no husband present , 32.2 % were non-families , and 28.7 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.16 . The median age was 38.2 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 27,686 and the median income for a family was $ 35,876 . Males had a median income of $ 36,391 versus $ 25,814 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 17,629 . About 17.6 % of families and 19.1 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 24.1 % of those under age 18 and 20.8 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 8,674 people , 3,443 households , and 2,095 families residing in the county .
Communities
Millen
Perkins
Politics
See also
Camp Lawton ( Georgia )
Central Savannah River Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jenkins County , Georgia
References
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1905 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1905
The Sonnenschein–Mantel–Debreu theorem is an important result in general equilibrium economics , proved by Gérard Debreu , , and Hugo F. Sonnenschein in the 1970s . It states that the excess demand curve for a market populated with utility-maximizing rational agents can take the shape of any function that is continuous , has homogeneity degree zero , and is in accordance with Walras 's law . This implies that market processes will not necessarily reach a unique and stable equilibrium point .
More recently , Jordi Andreu , Pierre-André Chiappori , and Ivar Ekeland extended this result to market demand curves , both for individual commodities and for the aggregate demand of an economy as a whole . This means that demand curves may take on highly irregular shapes , even if all individual agents in the market are perfectly rational . In contrast with usual assumptions , the quantity demanded of a commodity may not decrease when the price increases . Frank Hahn regarded the theorem as a dangerous critique of mainstream neoclassical economics .
History of the proof
The concept of an excess demand function is important in general equilibrium theories , because it acts as a signal for the market to adjust prices . If the value of the excess demand function is positive , then more units of a commodity are being demanded than can be supplied ; there is a shortage . If excess demand is negative , then more units are being supplied than are demanded ; there is a glut . The assumption is that the rate of change of prices will be proportional to excess demand , so that the adjustment of prices will eventually lead to an equilibrium state in which excess demand for all commodities is zero .
In the 1970s , mathematical economists worked to establish rigorous microfoundations for widely used equilibrium models , on the basis of the assumption that individuals are utility-maximizing rational agents ( the `` utility hypothesis '' ) . It was already known that this assumption put certain loose restrictions on the excess demand functions for individuals ( continuity and Walras 's law ) , and that these restrictions were `` inherited '' by the market excess demand function . In a 1973 paper , Hugo Sonnenschein posed the question of whether these were the only restrictions that could be placed on a market excess demand function . They conjectured that the answer was `` yes , '' and made preliminary steps toward proving it . These results were extended by Rolf Mantel , and then by Gérard Debreu in 1974 , who proved that , as long as there are at least as many agents in the market as there are commodities , the market excess demand function inherits only the following properties of individual excess demand functions :
Continuity
Homogeneity of degree zero , and
Walras 's law
These inherited properties are not sufficient to guarantee that the excess demand curve is downward-sloping , as is usually assumed . The uniqueness of the equilibrium point is also not guaranteed . There may be more than one price vector at which the excess demand function is zero , which is the standard definition of equilibrium in this context .
Further developments
In the wake of these initial publications , several scholars have extended the initial Sonnenschein–Mantel–Debreu results in a variety of ways . In a 1976 paper , Rolf Mantel showed that the theorem still holds even if the very strong assumption is added that all consumers have homothetic preferences . This means that the utility that consumers assign to a commodity will always be exactly proportional to the amount of the commodity offered ; for example , one million oranges would be valued exactly one million times more than one orange . Furthermore , Alan Kirman and Karl-Josef Koch proved in 1986 that the SMD theorem still holds even if all agents are assumed to have identical preferences , and the distribution of income is assumed to be fixed across time and independent of prices . The only income distribution that is not permissible is a uniform one where all individuals have the same income and therefore , since they have the same preferences , they are all identical .
For a while it was unclear whether SMD-style results also applied to the market demand curve itself , and not just the excess demand curve . But in 1982 Jordi Andreu established an important preliminary result suggesting that this was the case , and in 1999 Pierre-André Chiappori and Ivar Ekeland used vector calculus to prove that the Sonnenschein–Mantel–Debreu results do indeed apply to the market demand curve . This means that market demand curves may take on highly irregular shapes , quite unlike textbook models , even if all individual agents in the market are perfectly rational .
Significance
In the 1982 book Handbook of Mathematical Economics , Hugo Sonnenschein explained some of the implications of their theorem for general equilibrium theory :
In other words , it can not be assumed that the demand curve for a single market , let alone an entire economy , must be smoothly downward-sloping simply because the demand curves of individual consumers are downward-sloping . This is an instance of the more general aggregation problem , which deals with the theoretical difficulty of modeling the behavior of large groups of individuals in the same way that an individual is modeled .
Frank Ackerman points out that it is a corollary of Sonnenschein–Mantel–Debreu that a Walrasian auction will not always find a unique and stable equilibrium , even in ideal conditions :
Léon Walras ' auction model requires that the price of a commodity will always rise in response to excess demand , and that it will always fall in response to a glut . But SMD shows that this will not always be the case , because the excess demand function need not be uniformly downward-sloping .
The theorem has also raised concerns about the falsifiability of general equilibrium theory , because it seems to imply that almost any observed pattern of market price and quantity data could be interpreted as being the result of individual utility-maximizing behavior . In other words , Sonnenschein–Mantel–Debreu raises questions about the degree to which general equilibrium theory can produce testable predictions about aggregate market variables . For this reason , Andreu Mas-Colell referred to the theorem as the “ Anything Goes Theorem ” in their graduate-level microeconomics textbook . Some economists have made attempts to address this problem , with Donald Brown and Rosa Matzkin deriving some polynomial restrictions on market variables by modeling the equilibrium state of a market as a topological manifold . However , Abu Turab Rizvi comments that this result does not practically change the situation very much , because Brown and Matzkin 's restrictions are formulated on the basis of individual-level observations about budget constraints and incomes , while general equilibrium models purport to explain changes in aggregate market-level data .
The Sonnenschein–Mantel–Debreu results have led some economists , such as Werner Hildenbrand , to abandon the project of explaining the characteristics of the market demand curve on the basis of individual rationality . Instead , these authors attempt to explain the law of demand in terms of the organization of society as a whole , and in particular the distribution of income .
Explanation
In mathematical terms , the number of equations that make up a market excess demand function is equal to the number of individual excess demand functions , which in turn equals the number of prices to be solved for . By Walras 's law , if all but one of the excess demands is zero then the last one has to be zero as well . This means that there is one redundant equation and we can normalize one of the prices or a combination of all prices ( in other words , only relative prices are determined ; not the absolute price level ) . Having done this , the number of equations equals the number of unknowns and we have a determinate system . However , because the equations are non-linear there is no guarantee of a unique solution . Furthermore , even though reasonable assumptions can guarantee that the individual excess-demand functions have a unique root , these assumptions do not guarantee that the aggregate demand does as well .
There are several things to be noted . First , even though there may be multiple equilibria , every equilibrium is still guaranteed , under standard assumptions , to be Pareto efficient . However , the different equilibria are likely to have different distributional implications and may be ranked differently by any given social welfare function . Second , by the Hopf index theorem , in regular economies the number of equilibria will be finite and all of them will be locally unique . This means that comparative statics , or the analysis of how the equilibrium changes when there are shocks to the economy , can still be relevant as long as the shocks are not too large . But this leaves the question of the stability of the equilibrium unanswered , since a comparative statics perspective does not tell us what happens when the market moves away from an equilibrium .
Extension to incomplete markets
The extension to incomplete markets was first conjectured by Andreu Mas-Colell in 1986 . To do this they remark that Walras 's law and homogeneity of degree zero can be understood as the fact that the excess demand only depends on the budget set itself . Hence , homogeneity is only saying that excess demand is the same if the budget sets are the same . This formulation extends to incomplete markets . So does Walras 's law if seen as budget feasibility of excess-demand function . The first incomplete markets Sonnenschein–Mantel–Debreu type of result was obtained by Jean-Marc Bottazzi and Thorsten Hens . Other works expanded the type of assets beyond the popular real assets structures like Chiappori and Ekland . All such results are local . In 2003 Takeshi Momi extended the approach by Bottazzi and Hens as a global result .
Notes
References
Bibliography
General equilibrium theory
Economics theorems
Macroeconomic theories
Cryptosporidium hominis , along with Cryptosporidium parvum , is among the medically important Cryptosporidium species . It is an obligate parasite of humans that can colonize the gastrointestinal tract resulting in the gastroenteritis and diarrhea characteristic of cryptosporidiosis . Unlike C. parvum , which has a rather broad host range , C. hominis is almost exclusively a parasite of humans . As a result , C. hominis has a low zoonotic potential compared to C. parvum . It is spread through the fecal-oral route usually by drinking water contaminated with oocyst laden feces . There are many exposure risks that people can encounter in affected areas of the world . Cryptosporidium infections are large contributors of child death and illness in heavily affected areas , yet low importance has been placed on both identifying the species and finding more treatment options outside of nitazoxanide for children and AIDS patients .
Characteristics
C. hominis shares many similar characteristics with C. parvum including identical oocyst morphology and life-cycle . The different cryptosporidium species share nearly identical morphological features , so differentiation is only seen at the molecular level . As a result , C. hominis is most easily differentiated from C. parvum through genetic analysis via time-intensive PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism or gene sequencing .
Life cycle
The life cycle of Cryptosporidium hominis is similar to that of others of the genus with infective sporozoites from ingested oocysts invading gut epithelium . From there , they undergo merogony and generate merozoites , which escape and can reinvade additional cells and form a secondary meront . The secondary meront then releases secondary merozoites which reinvade and undergo gametogony forming micro and macrogametocytes . The gametocytes can then fuse , forming a zygote , which starts the cycle again .
Treatment
Though symptoms in most immunocompetent persons will resolve without treatment , nitazoxanide has been approved for treatment of diarrhea resulting from cryptosporidiosis . The effectiveness of nitazoxanide in immunocompromised patients , however , is uncertain and current treatments revolve around boosting the host immune system to aid in symptom resolution . Current avenues for treatment include scanning the Cryptosporidium hominis genome for possible targets for vaccine development .
References
Conoidasida
Waterborne diseases
Murt Connolly is an Irish former hurler who played as a midfielder for the Castlegar senior team .
Born in Castlegar , County Galway , Connolly first played competitive hurling whilst at school in St Mary 's College , Galway . At club level they are a one-time All-Ireland medallist with Castlegar . In addition to this they also won two Connacht medals and two championship medals .
As the youngest of the Connolly dynasty , many of their brothers , John , Pádraic , Joe , Michael , Tom and Gerry , played with distinction for Castlegar and Galway .
In retirement from playing , Connolly became involved in team management and coaching , including as manager of the Mayo senior team .
Honours
Castlegar
All-Ireland Senior Club Hurling Championship ( 1 ) : 1980
Connacht Senior Club Hurling Championship ( 2 ) : 1979 , 1984
Galway Senior Club Hurling Championship ( 2 ) : 1979 , 1984
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Castlegar hurlers
Hurling managers
The Bafing National Park lies in southern Mali . It was established on 1 July 2000 . This site is 5000 km² . Bafing National Park is the only protected area for chimpanzees within the Manding Plateau area . Woodlands dominate most of the landscape . Both Korofin and Wongo National Park ( both IUCN category : II ) are components of the Bafing Biosphere .
References
National parks of Mali
Protected areas established in 2000
2000 establishments in Mali
Raymond Ford ( born March 16 , 1999 ) is an American professional boxer . As an amateur they won the 2018 U.S. National Golden Gloves Championships .
Professional career
Ford made their professional debut on March 15 , 2019 , scoring a four-round unanimous decision ( UD ) victory over Weusi Johnson at the Liacouras Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The fight was part of the undercard for Tevin Farmer 's world title defense against Jono Carroll . They had four more wins in 2019 ; a four-round points decision ( PTS ) over Aleksandrs Birkenbergs in May ; a first-round knockout ( KO ) over Isidro Figueroa in June ; and a four-round UD over Rafael Castillo in September . Ford closed out 2019 with a first-round technical knockout of Francisco Muro on December 20 , 2019 .
Ford began their 2020 campaign by facing Eric Manriquez on August 15 , 2020 . They won the fight by unanimous decision . Ford next faced Rafael Reyes on November 7 , 2020 . They won the fight by a third-round technical knockout . Ford fought Juan Antonio López on December 19 , 2020 , in their final fight of the year . They won the bout by a seventh-round knockout .
Ford was booked to face the undefeated Aaron Perez on March 13 , 2021 , on the undercard of the Juan Francisco Estrada-Roman Gonzalez rematch . The fight ended in a split draw . One judge scored the fight 77–75 for Ford , the second judge scored it 78–74 for Perez , while the last judge scored the bout as even 76–76 draw . Ford was displeased with their performance , and asked for a rematch on their Instagram page , writing : `` I definitely want a rematch to clean this up and show everyone I 'm a better fighter than how I performed '' .
Ford was scheduled to fight Reece Bellotti for the vacant WBA Continental featherweight title on August 14 , 2021 . The fight was Ford 's first fight outside of the United States , as it took place at the Matchroom Headquarters in Brentwood , England . They won the fight by a third-round technical knockout . Ford made their first title defense against Felix Caraballo on November 27 , 2021 . They retained the title with an eight-round technical knockout of Caraballo . Ford was scheduled to make their second title defense against the undefeated Edward Vazquez on February 5 , 2022 . Ford won the fight by split decision . Two of the judges scored the fight 98-92 and 97-93 in their favor , while the third judge scored the bout 96-94 for Vazquez .
Ford is scheduled to make their first Continental Americas title defense in a regional title unification bout with the undefeated IBF North American featherweight titlist Richard Medina on June 25 , 2022 . They won the fight by unanimous decision , with two scorecards of 100–90 and one scorecard of 99–91 .
Professional boxing record
References
Living people
1999 births
American male boxers
Boxers from Philadelphia
Super-featherweight boxers
National Golden Gloves champions
Larissimus is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae . There is at least one described species in Larissimus , L. cassander , found in Brazil .
References
Microgastrinae
In enzymology , an UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 2-epimerase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine UDP-N-acetyl-D-mannosamine
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine , and one product , UDP-N-acetyl-D-mannosamine .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on carbohydrates and derivatives . The systematic name of this enzyme class is UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 2-epimerase . Other names in common use include UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 2'-epimerase , uridine diphosphoacetylglucosamine 2'-epimerase , uridine diphospho-N-acetylglucosamine 2'-epimerase , and uridine diphosphate-N-acetylglucosamine-2'-epimerase . This enzyme participates in aminosugars metabolism .
In microorganisms this epimerase is involved in the synthesis of the capsule precursor UDP-ManNAcA . An inhibitor of the bacterial 2-epimerase , epimerox , has been described . Some of these enzymes are bifunctional . The UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 2-epimerase from rat liver displays both epimerase and kinase activity .
Structural studies
As of late 2007 , 4 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes , with PDB accession codes , , , and .
References
Further reading
Protein families
EC 5.1.3
Enzymes of known structure
The chestnut thrush ( Turdus rubrocanus ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae . It breeds in the western Himalayas and central/southwestern China ; it winters in Eastern Himalaya and northern Southeast Asia . Its natural habitat is temperate forests .
References
External links
Images at ADW
chestnut thrush
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of North India
Birds of Tibet
Birds of Central China
chestnut thrush
chestnut thrush
chestnut thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Statistics of the 1997–98 Saudi Premier League .
Stadia and locations
Final League table
Playoffs
Semifinals
Third place match
Final
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
goalzz
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
Professional League
Palani Elilan Mylvaganam Udayakumar ( born 28 September 1967 ) is a Sri Lankan politician , former provincial councillor and Member of Parliament .
Udayakumar was born on 28 September 1967 . They have a degree in management . They were previously deputy leader of the Ceylon Workers ' Congress but is currently a member of the National Union of Workers .
Udayakumar was a member of the Central Provincial Council . They contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Samagi Jana Balawegaya electoral alliance candidate in Nuwara Eliya District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
References
1967 births
Ceylon Workers ' Congress politicians
Indian Tamil politicians of Sri Lanka
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the Central Provincial Council
Samagi Jana Balawegaya politicians
Sri Lankan Hindus
United People 's Freedom Alliance politicians
Candan Yüceer ( born 4 May 1973 ) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People 's Party ( CHP ) who has served as a Member of Parliament for Tekirdağ since 12 June 2011 .
Early life and career
Yüceer was born in Hekimhan , a district in Malatya Province , in 1973 . They graduated from Gazi University Faculty of Medicine and worked as a Ministry of Health practitioner in Ankara , Samsun and the Çerkezköy district of Tekirdağ . In Çerkezköy , they also worked as a workplace health practitioner .
They are one of the founding members of Çerkezköy 's CUMOK society , which is one of the most well known Kemalist societies in Turkey formed by readers of the newspaper Cumhuriyet . They also served on the executive board of CUMOK nationally . They were a member and the President of Çerkezköy 's Atatürkist Thought Association and was also a member of the Women 's 'Arm in Arm ' Association ( Kadınlar El Ele Derneği ) and the Medical Chamber .
They are married with two children and can speak English at a semi-fluent level .
Political career
Yüceer was elected as a CHP Member of Parliament for the electoral district of Tekirdağ in the 2011 general election . They were later elected to the CHP Party Council and was re-elected as an MP in the June 2015 general election . As an MP , they gave their support for workers ' rights and industrial action , meeting with 1,871 workers who had gone on strike in a polymer factory in Çerkezköy to extend their support on 19 June 2015 .
See also
24th Parliament of Turkey
25th Parliament of Turkey
Tekirdağ ( electoral district )
References
External links
TBMM profile
Collection of all relevant news items at Haberler.com
Collection of all relevant news items at Son Dakika
Contemporary Republican People 's Party ( Turkey ) politicians
Deputies of Tekirdağ
Living people
People from Malatya
Gazi University alumni
Turkish women physicians
Turkish physicians
1973 births
Members of the 25th Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 24th Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 26th Parliament of Turkey
21st-century Turkish women politicians
21st-century Turkish politicians
21st-century Turkish physicians
21st-century women physicians
St-Viateur d'Outremont Church ( ) is a Roman Catholic church in the borough of Outremont in Montreal , Quebec , Canada . Its address is 183 Bloomfield Avenue , at the corner of Laurier Avenue West .
History
Saint-Viateur d'Outremont Church was built in 1911 in the wake of the 1910 Eucharistic Congress of Montreal . It was built in what was then the first parish of Outremont . This church marked the separation from the neighboring parish of Saint-Louis du Mile-End .
The architects were Louis-Zéphirin Gauthier and Joseph-Égilde-Césaire Daoust . Constructed in the Gothic Revival style , the building features very slender arches . The church was decorated by Guido Nincheri who also signed the windows .
The ceremony of the blessing of Saint-Viateur d'Outremont Church , was held October 26 , 1913 .
The woodwork is oak , the work of Philibert Lemay , and the original statues were made of plaster . In 1950 , the sculptor Médard Bourgault was invited to replace them with wooden statues that now represent one of the attractions of this church .
The organ of Saint-Viateur was built in 1913 by Casavant Frères . Its restoration was conducted in the early 1990s .
References
Further reading
André Croteau , Les belles églises du Québec — Montréal , Édition du trécarré , 1996 , p. 140-143
Père Hector Tessier , c.s.v. , « SAINT-VIATEUR D'OUTREMONT » , presbytère saint-viateur , 183 , avenue bloomfield , 1954 , p. 544
External links
Paroisse Saint-Viateur-d'Outremont
V
Viateur d'Outremont
Gothic Revival architecture in Montreal
Outremont , Quebec
Gothic Revival church buildings in Canada
1913 establishments in Quebec
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Canada
Whitefield is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury , Greater Manchester , England and contains the area of Stand . It is unparished , and contains 14 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . Of these , one is listed at Grade I , the highest of the three grades , and the others are at Grade II , the lowest grade . The area is mainly residential , and the listed buildings include houses and associated structures , churches and related items , and two war memorials .
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury
Listed
Vít Kopřiva and Jiří Lehečka were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title .
Luciano Darderi and Fernando Romboli won the title after defeating Diego Hidalgo and Cristian Rodríguez 6–4 , 2–6 , [ 10–5 ] in the final .
Seeds
Draw
References
External links
Main draw
Aspria Tennis Cup - Doubles
2022 Doubles
Taktagulovo ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative centre of Taktagulovsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 409 as of 2010 . There are 6 streets .
Geography
Taktagulovo is located 37 km east of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kamayevo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Julie Ann Sabo ( born March 18 , 1966 ) is an American politician and educator who served as a member of the Minnesota Senate from 2001 to 2003 . Sabo was also the Democratic nominee for lieutenant governor of Minnesota in the 2002 Minnesota gubernatorial election .
Background
A native of Minneapolis , Minnesota , Sabo received their bachelor 's degree from Augsburg College and worked as a school teacher . Them father is Martin Olav Sabo . Sabo served in the Minnesota Senate from 2001 to 2003 as a Democrat .
References
1966 births
Living people
Politicians from Minneapolis
Augsburg University alumni
Minnesota Democrats
Women state legislators in Minnesota
Minnesota state senators
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Erigeron radicatus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common names Hooker 's fleabane and taproot fleabane The species grows in central Canada ( Alberta , Saskatchewan ) and parts of the north-central United States , primarily the northern Rocky Mountains and the Black Hills . It has been found in Idaho , Montana , Utah , Wyoming , Colorado , Nebraska , and South Dakota , with a few isolated populations reported from North Dakota .
Erigeron radicatus is a small perennial herb up to 12 centimeters ( 4.8 inches ) tall , producing a woody branching caudex . The plant generally produces only 1 flower head per stem . Each head has 12–85 purple or white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets . The species grows on rocky slopes , ledges , ridges , and cliff faces at high elevations .
References
radicatus
Flora of Canada
Flora of the North-Central United States
Flora of the Northwestern United States
Flora of the Great Plains ( North America )
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Plants described in 1834
Taxa named by William Jackson Hooker
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Ketmani Kouanchao ( born October 5 , 1968 ) is a Lao American educator and writer .
Early life and education
Born in Savannakhet , Laos , Ketmani Kouanchao grew up in Minnesota with their parents and 4 siblings , including award-winning Lao American visual artist and entrepreneur Malichansouk Kouanchao . Them mother , Chomsy Kouanchao , had trained in Laos to be an educator , but because of the Laotian Secret War was not able to become the teacher they wanted to be . Kouanchao often cites their mother and father as inspirations to them to pursue their education and a life in academia .
Kouanchao attended Edison High School in Minneapolis . They went on to attend the University of Minnesota for their bachelor 's and their master 's degree , before pursuing their professional interests in Milwaukee and California . They graduated with their bachelor 's in Sociology , Public Health and East Asian Studies in 1993 . They completed their master 's degree in 1997 with a concentration in Family Education . Kouanchao attended California State University-Fullerton where they received their doctorate in community college leadership in 2013 .
Career and community service
Ketmani Kouanchao specialized in the study of the recruitment , retention and matriculation of at-risk , low-income historically underserved students . For over 16 years , they have worked at the university and community college levels including the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities , University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee , and was the director of EOPS/CARE programs at Mt . San Jacinto College in San Jacinto , California . They were appointed Dean of Student Services at Mendocino College in July , 2014 .
Kouanchao has been actively involved in community service , recently joining the Ukiah Rotary Club and helping the students of the
Phi Theta Kappa academic honorary society . They have been an editor for the Journal of Southeast Asian American Education and Advancement .
As an undergraduate in college , they were the secretary of the Lao Student Association at the University of Minnesota .
Other organizations they have been a part of include Kaleidoscope Leadership Institute ( 2011 – 2011 ) , National Association for the Education and the Advancement of Cambodian , Laotians and Vietnamese American ( NAFEA ) ( 2010 – Present ) , Extended Opportunity Programs Services Association ( 2008 – Present ) SatJaDham Lao Literary Project ( 1997 – Present ) , Soroptimist Women International ( 2008 – Present ) , Education for Western Association of Education Professional Personnel ( 2003 – 2008 ) and the Southeast Asian Professional Network ( 2000 – 2003 ) and Legacies of War ( 2003–present ) .
They have been a columnist for several publications including the Twin Cities Daily Planet , Asian American press , and Little Laos on the Prairie an online Lao American publication founded by Chanida Phaengdara Potter . They have spoken across the country with students and their families about the importance of pursuing an education and remembering their heritage .
Awards and recognition
In 2012 , Ketmani Kouanchao received the Honor an Educator Scholarship from the CSU Fullerton School of Education . They were recognized as Administrator of the Year by Mt . San Jacinto College in 2014 .
They have a cameo appearance in the 2013 children 's book `` A Sticky Mess '' by Nor Sanavongsay . A character is named after them in the Steampunk role-playing game `` Excelsior '' by 2d10 Games , as well as a kickstarter exclusive card for the second edition of `` Redshirts '' by Weasel Pants Games .
The 3rd Ward of the City of Minneapolis recognized them by proclaiming October 5 , 2014 Ketmani Kouanchao Day .
References
1968 births
Living people
American people of Laotian descent
Writers from Minneapolis
University of Minnesota alumni
People from Savannakhet province
American writers of Laotian descent
Laotian women writers
Edison High School ( Minnesota ) alumni
20th-century Laotian women
Hero Rupes is an escarpment on Mercury more than long located in the southern hemisphere of Mercury . Discovered by the Mariner 10 spacecraft in 1974 , it was formed by a thrust fault , thought to have occurred due to the shrinkage of the planet 's core as it cooled over time .
The scarp is named after sloop Hero , Nathaniel Palmer 's ship used to explore the Antarctic coast , 1820–21 .
References
Scarps on Mercury
The Bras de la Rivière Ouelle ( in English : Arm of the Ouelle River ) is a tributary of the Ouelle River , flowing entirely in the municipality of Tourville , in the L'Islet Regional County Municipality , in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches , in province of Quebec , in Canada .
Geography
The arm of the Ouelle River has its source at Lake Therrien ( lengthː ; altitudeː ) , in the canton of Fournier , in the western part of the municipality of Tourville ( ) , in the Notre Dame Mountains . This lake is located south-west of the center of the village of Tourville , at south-west of the center of the village of Sainte-Perpétue and east of the center of the village of Saint-Cyrille-de-Lessard . The Canadian National railroad runs on the northwest shore of the lake . The resort is developed on the north shore of the lake .
From Lake Therrien , the arm of the Ouelle River flows over , distributed according to the following segmentsː
towards the northeast , following more or less the course of the railway , until the outlet of the lake of Athacas ( coming from the northwest ) ;
eastward , to rue Principale de Tourville , which it intersects at north-west of the village center ;
towards the northeast , until its confluence where it flows into the Ouelle River ( coming from the south ) .
The Rang John road bridge spans the Ouelle River and the confluence of the Ouelle River arm is located near the bridge ( northwest side ) . This confluence is located northeast of the center of the village of Tourville .
Toponym
The origin of the toponym arm of the Ouelle River derives from the name of the Ouelle river .
The toponym `` R. Hoel '' appears on a map designed by Jean Bourdon around 1641 to designate the Ouelle river . This designation of origin evokes Louis Houël , Sieur du Petit-Pré , controller of the salt works of Brouage , member of the Compagnie des Cent-Associés and secretary to the king . Friend and protector of Samuel de Champlain , Houël wintered in Quebec in 1640–1641 . They were one of the main instigators of the Récollets coming to New France .
The map drawn up by Jean Deshayes of 1695 bears the modern spelling of the Ouelle river .
The toponym `` arm of the Ouelle River '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 , by the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Pierre Jean Édouard Desor ( 13 February 1811 , Friedrichsdorf , Grand Duchy of Hesse23 February 1882 ) was a German-Swiss geologist and naturalist .
Biography
Desor studied law at Giessen and Heidelberg , was compromised in the republican movements of 1832/3 ( see , for example , Hambach Festival and Frankfurter Wachensturm ) , and escaped to Paris . Here their attention was drawn to geology . They made excursions with Élie de Beaumont , and in 1837 met Louis Agassiz at a meeting of naturalists in Neufchâtel . With Gressli and Vogt , Desor became an active collaborator with Agassiz , studying palaeontology and glacial phenomena , and contributing the essays for vol . iii . of Agassiz 's Monographie d'echinodermes vivants et fossiles ( Neufchâtel , 1842 ) . Desor also published Excursions et sejours dans les glaciers et les hautes régions des Alpes de M. Agassiz et de ses compagnons de voyage ( Neufchâtel , 1844 ) .
Together with James David Forbes , Desor ascended the Jungfrau in 1841 . They were in a guided party on the first ascent of the Lauteraarhorn on 8 August 1842 and of the Rosenhorn summit of the Wetterhorn on 28 August 1844 .
They spent a few years in the north of Europe , especially in Scandinavia , investigating the erratic phenomena peculiar to that region , From strata they examined in Denmark they introduced the term Danian in 1847 , to characterize the oldest stage of the Paleogene . Desor accompanied Agassiz in 1847 to the United States , found employment in the coast survey , and made with Whitney , Foster , and Rogers a geological survey of the mineral district of Lake Superior .
Returning to Neufchâtel in 1852 , they investigated with Gressli the orography of the Jura for industrial purposes . Desor became professor of geology at the academy of Neuchâtel , continued their studies on the structure of glaciers , but gave special attention to the study of Jurassic Echinoderms . They also investigated the old lake-habitations of Switzerland , and made important observations on the physical features of the Sahara . In 1862 , they were elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society . They were elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1871 .
Having inherited considerable property they retired to Combe Varin in Val-de-Travers . They died in Nice on 23 February 1882 .
Works
Their chief publications were :
Synopsis des Échinides fossiles ( 1858 )
Aus Sahara und Atlas ( Leipzig , 1865 )
Der Gebirgsbau der Alpen ( 1865 )
Die Pfahlbauten des Neuenburger Sees ( 1866 )
Échinologie helvétique ( 2 vols. , Paris , 1868–1873 , with Perceval de Loriol )
Le paysage morainique ( 1875 )
Notes
References
External links
Pictures and texts of Excursions et séjours dans les glaciers et les hautes régions des Alpes , de M. Agassis et de ses compagnons de voyage by Edouard Desord can be found in the database VIATIMAGES .
1811 births
1882 deaths
People from Friedrichsdorf
People from the Grand Duchy of Hesse
19th-century Swiss geologists
Swiss mountain climbers
German emigrants to Switzerland
Members of the American Antiquarian Society
Kevin C. Desouza ( born 1979 ) is an Indian American academic . They are an ASU Foundation professor in the School of Public Affairs at Arizona State University and is a Nonresident Senior Fellow at the Brookings Institution . From 2012–2016 they served as Associate Dean for Research at the College of Public Service & Community Solutions .
Biography
Born in Bombay ( now Mumbai ) , Maharashtra , India they grew up in Doha , Qatar where they completed their primary and secondary education . They attended the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1996 to study accounting and information & decision sciences , graduating in 2000 . They then completed their MBA from the Stuart Graduate School of Business at the Illinois Institute of Technology and received their Ph.D from the University of Illinois at Chicago in 2006 .
Prior to joining Arizona State University , they directed the Metropolitan Institute at the Virginia Tech College of Architecture and Urban Studies and served as associate professor at the Center for Public Administration and Policy within the School of Public and International Affairs at Virginia Tech . From 2005 to 2011 , they were on the faculty at the University of Washington Information School and held adjunct appointments in the university 's College of Engineering and at the Daniel J. Evans School of Public Affairs .
While at the University of Washington , they were an affiliate faculty member of the Center for American Politics and Public Policy and holds a visiting professorship at the University of Ljubljana Faculty of Economics . They have held visiting positions at the Centre for International Studies at the London School of Economics and Political Science , the University of the Witwatersrand in South Africa , the Groupe Sup de Co Montpellier Business School in France , and the Accenture Institute for High Business Performance in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Work
Desouza has authored , co-authored , and/or edited nine books , and their research has been featured more than 125 articles in practitioner and academic journals . Their research has also been featured by a number of publications such as Sloan Management Review , Harvard Business Review , Businessweek , and Computerworld , among others . They also regularly contributes to practitioner magazines such as the Business Information Review .
Desouza has advised , briefed , and/or consulted for major international corporations , non-governmental organizations , and public agencies on strategic management issues ranging from management of information systems , to knowledge management , competitive intelligence , government intelligence operations , and crisis management .
Selected publications
Desouza , Kevin . Agile Information Systems . Routledge , 2006 .
Desouza , Kevin C. `` Barriers to effective use of knowledge management systems in software engineering . '' Communications of the ACM 46.1 ( 2003 ) : 99–101 .
Desouza , Kevin C. `` Facilitating tacit knowledge exchange . '' Communications of the ACM 46.6 ( 2003 ) : 8588 .
Desouza , Kevin C. `` Strategic contributions of game rooms to knowledge management : some preliminary insights . '' Information & Management 41.1 ( 2003 ) : 63–74 .
Desouza , Kevin C. , and Yukika Awazu . `` Knowledge management at SMEs : five peculiarities . '' Journal of knowledge management 10.1 ( 2006 ) : 32–43 .
Evaristo , J. Roberto , et al . `` A dimensional analysis of geographically distributed project teams : a case study . '' Journal of Engineering and technology Management 21.3 ( 2004 ) : 175–189 .
Desouza , Kevin C. , Yukika Awazu , and Peter Baloh . `` Managing knowledge in global software development efforts : Issues and practices . '' IEEE software 23.5 ( 2006 ) : 30–37 .
Desouza , Kevin C. , and J. Roberto Evaristo . `` Project management offices : A case of knowledge-based archetypes . '' International Journal of Information Management 26.5 ( 2006 ) : 414–423 .
References
External links
Kevin Desouza at kevindesouza.net
1979 births
Living people
University of Washington faculty
Virginia Tech faculty
Arizona State University faculty
The Erawan Shrine , formally the Thao Maha Phrom Shrine ( ; ; 'shrine of Lord Maha Brahma ' ) , is a shrine in Bangkok , Thailand , which houses a statue of Phra Phrom , the Thai representation of Brahma , the Hindu god of creation . The name might also refer to Mahabrahma , the ruler of the Brahma realm in Buddhist cosmology .
The deity is popularly worshipped outside of a Hindu religious context , but more as a representation of guardian spirits in Thai animist beliefs . The shrine often features performances by Thai dance troupes who are hired by worshippers in return for seeing their prayers answered at the shrine .
Location
The shrine is near the Grand Hyatt Erawan Hotel , at the Ratchaprasong intersection of Ratchadamri Road in Lumphini Subdistrict , Pathum Wan District . It is near the BTS Skytrain 's Chit Lom Station , which has an elevated walkway overlooking the shrine . The area has many shopping malls nearby , including Gaysorn , CentralWorld , and Amarin Plaza .
Five other shrines dedicated to Hindu deities are located in the area as well : Phra Laksami ( Lakshmi ) , Phra Trimurati ( Trimurti ) , Phra Khanet ( Ganesha ) , Phra In ( Indra ) , and Phra Narai Song Suban ( Narayana on their garuda ) .
History
The Erawan Shrine was built in 1956 as part of the government-owned Erawan Hotel to eliminate the bad karma believed caused by laying the foundations on the wrong date .
The hotel 's construction was delayed by a series of mishaps , including cost overruns , injuries to laborers , and the loss of a shipload of Italian marble intended for the building . Furthermore , the Ratchaprasong intersection had once been used to put criminals on public display .
An astrologer advised building the shrine to counter the negative influences . The Brahma statue was designed and built by the Department of Fine Arts and enshrined on 9 November 1956 . The hotel 's construction thereafter proceeded without further incident . In 1987 , the hotel was demolished and the site used for the Grand Hyatt Erawan Hotel .
2006 vandalism
In the early hours of 21 March 2006 , a young man named Thanakorn Pakdeepol destroyed the statue with a large hammer . They were then beaten to death by angry bystanders . Two street sweepers were arrested and charged with the murder . Witnesses said Thanakorn stood on the base of the statue and smashed the hollow statue of Brahma to pieces , fragmenting the four-faced head , torso , six arms , and weapons . Only part of the lap and the base of the statue remained intact .
An autopsy performed on Thanakorn found Arabic characters tattooed on their back and arms , prompting the police to investigate if the attack had been religious and if the vandal had any ties to Muslim extremists . However , Thanakorn 's father , Sayant Pakdeepol , explained that their son had received treatment for psychiatric problems and that mental illness was the cause of the attack . Sayant condemned the fatal beating of their son as an `` overreaction '' . `` Doing something like this is not the act of people with good beliefs , of those with real faith in Brahma '' , Sayant told The Nation newspaper . `` Murder is an immoral act and people with morality would not have done what they did '' .
Just days after the destruction of the Erawan Shrine , then Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra visited the site and paid their respects to the fragments of the Hindu deity . A white cloth was placed over the shrine to conceal the statue 's absence . Officials reopened the site to the public , displaying photographs of the statue for worshippers to pay their respects . At a rally the following day , government critic Sondhi Limthongkul claimed the destruction of the statue was an attempt by the Prime Minister to maintain their political power through black magic . However , Thanakorn 's father rejected this , telling The Nation that Sondhi Limthongkul `` is the biggest liar I have ever seen . ''
An identical statue of Brahma was placed in the shrine on 21 May 2006 at 11:39 , at the instant the sun was directly overhead . Officials from the Department of Religious Affairs and the Maha Brahma Foundation said the new statue was made of plaster with a mixture of gold , bronze , and other precious metals , along with some fragments of the original . A duplicate statue made entirely of metal had also been cast in the same mold and is kept for safety in the National Museum of Thailand .
2015 bombing
On 17 August 2015 , at 18:55 local time , an explosive device composed of three kilograms of TNT stuffed in a metal pipe and wrapped in white cloth inside a backpack was detonated near the Erawan Shrine , killing 20 bystanders and injuring 125 . Bomb disposal units checked two other suspicious objects but found no more bombs . An analyst with IHS Jane 's suggested the attack had been carried out by the Pan-Turkic Turkish ultra-nationalist organization Grey Wolves in retaliation for the Thai government 's deporting Uyghur terrorist suspects to China , instead of allowing them to accept asylum offered to them by Turkey .
The bomb had been placed in the shrine grounds next to a metal railing . The statue itself was slightly damaged . Within two days all repairs had been completed and the shrine reopened . However , the government 's swift reopening of the shrine has been subject to criticism . The government 's apparent lack of progress in the investigation stimulated critics to propose a number of theories over the bombing , including even elements of the government itself .
2020 ban on incense and candles
Beginning March 2020 , incense and candles were no longer allowed to be lit at the shrine , due to health and environmental concerns .
Gallery
See also
Hinduism in Thailand
Devasathan , the main Hindu temple in Bangkok
Spirit house , the general practice of establishing shrines to appease local spirits
References
External links
Bangkok Metropolitan Administration | Erawan Shrine
Religious buildings and structures in Bangkok
Hindu temples in Thailand
Brahma temples
Tourist attractions in Bangkok
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1956
Pathum Wan district
Vandalized works of art
Betty Clooney ( April 12 , 1931 – August 5 , 1976 ) was an American singer , TV presenter and pioneer who briefly rose to fame in the 1950s with sister Rosemary Clooney . They led a very brief solo career , with songs like `` Kiki '' and `` You 're All I See '' . They married actor and musician Pupi Campo in 1955 , and they had four children .
Early years
Elizabeth Ann Clooney was born in Maysville , Kentucky . They were the second of three children , their older sister was Rosemary Clooney , their younger brother was Nicholas Joseph Clooney and their nephew was actor George Clooney .
Them father was a house painter with a drinking problem , and had a troubled marriage with their wife . Frances divorced Andrew Clooney in the late 1930s , and Frances remarried William Stone in 1939 and they had one daughter , Gail , in 1945 . The family lived in Oakland , California , and resided in the John Brett Richeson House in the late 1940s . Clooney 's paternal grandfather sang in their mayoral election campaigns , which they won three times . The two sisters were close .
Career
Sister act
Rosemary and Betty Clooney were a close sister act , and sang together . The family lived in Cincinnati in the early 1940s , where the girls continued to vocalize . In 1945 , the sisters won a spot on Cincinnati 's WLW Radio Station as singers . One day they were heard by bandleader Tony Pastor . The bandleader originally hesitated on hiring both sisters , but soon relented and so The Clooney Sisters hit the road with the Pastor band . They appeared in a movie short with the Pastor Orchestra in 1947 . The Clooney Sisters recorded a number of songs for Columbia with the Tony Pastor Band like `` The Secretary Song '' , `` I 'm My Own Grandpa '' , and `` If I Had a Million Dollars '' .
In 1948 , Rosemary was called to New York City to record `` Come On-a My House '' and Betty returned home to Cincinnati . They became a television pioneer on the city 's first station , WLWT . Not only was they a featured singer on the station 's main program ( called The 50-50 Club and broadcast on TV as well as radio ) , they also hosted their own shows called `` Teen Canteen '' and `` Boy Meets Girl '' .
Solo career
Betty also pursued a brief solo career , far from the huge success of sister Rosemary . Betty signed to the local legendary R & B label King Records , releasing several singles including `` Sisters '' and `` Kiki '' .
In the early 1950s , they were featured on the 15-minute weekday radio program The Three Suns With Betty Clooney on the Mutual Broadcasting System .
A nightclub career followed , including appearing at the Starlight Roof at the Waldorf Astoria New York . A 1954 review of their performance at the Black Orchid in Chicago , Illinois , commented , `` Betty Clooney , a much more vibrant and projecting personality than their sister , Rosemary , opened here to an audience that fell immediately to their contagious charm . ''
In 1955 , they recorded a single , `` Ko Ko Mo ( I Love You So ) '' b/w `` So All Alone '' , with singer Bill Darnell , known for their work with bandleader Bob Chester .
In 1952 , Clooney became the mistress of ceremonies of a new program , Goin ' Steady , on WXYZ-TV in Detroit . The program was `` said to be the most elaborate locally sponsored variety show on the air . '' They were a regular on three CBS television programs in the 1950s :
The Jack Paar Show , Fridays weekly ( 1953–1954 )
Good Morning ! with Will Rogers , Jr. , Mondays - Fridays ( 1954–1955 )
The Robert Q. Lewis Show , Mondays - Fridays ( 1955–1956 )
They also appeared on countless variety shows in the 1950s where they sang , danced and acted in skits that showcased their beautiful voice and brilliant sense of humor . They recorded for several more record labels including RCA 's X label , Decca 's Coral label ( where they had a minor hit with the song `` Sin And Satin '' ) and Columbia 's Children 's Records .
They also filmed several Soundies of popular hits . Although Betty recorded the hit song `` Sisters '' from the film White Christmas ( 1954 ) with Rosemary for Columbia 's single release , in the movie Vera-Ellen 's singing voice was dubbed by singer Trudy Stevens . Not one to really seek fame , they subsequently retired from showbiz to raise their family appearing only sporadically on television until their death .
Marriage
They married Cuban actor and singer Pupi Campo on September 7 , 1955 , at St Patrick 's Cathedral in New York City , New York . They had four children : Cathi Ann , Carlos Alejandro Campo , Cristina Maria and Rosemary Cari . The union ended with their death in 1976 .
Death
They died on August 5 , 1976 , in Las Vegas , Nevada from a brain aneurysm .
Legacy
After Clooney 's death , their family established the Betty Clooney Foundation for Persons with Brain Injury . It operates the Betty Clooney Center for Persons with Traumatic Brain Injury near Los Angeles . Additional funds were raised by staging annual concerts to benefit the foundation .
Partial discography
Strangers/When You Love ( You Should Love from the Heart ) ( 1950 , King 15072 )
All Over Again/It 's All in the Game ( 1951 King 15150 )
Would I Love You ( Love You , Love You ) /Faithful ( 1951 King 15102 )
A Big City Boy Like You/Sin in Satin ( 1953 Coral 6100 )
You 're the One/An Onion and You ( 1953 Round 101 )
I Idolize You/You 're All I See ( 1953 Coral 60930 )
Si , Si , Senor/Whisper ( 1954 `` X '' 0076 )
Ki Ki/Just to Belong to You ( 1955 `` X '' 0158 )
References
1931 births
1976 deaths
People from Maysville , Kentucky
Singers from Kentucky
Catholics from Kentucky
Deaths from intracranial aneurysm
Kentucky women singers
Kentucky women television personalities
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
The North American Open is an annual international professional squash tournament . Started in 1966 , this tournament was one of the most prestigious professional events behind the British Open and the World Open .
The 2014 North American Open is looking to move to Washington D.C. and would use George Washington University as the tournament 's backdrop . The 2014 event looks to add a women 's draw to the historic event . Additionally it hopes to provide equal prize money for both men and women , becoming one of two major professional squash events to do so .
History
The North American Open is a key tournament in the history of squash in the United States and was home to many of the sport 's watershed moments .
The 1967 final of the North American Open saw two brothers face off as Sam and Ralph Howe took the court . The match stretched into a five-game battle with the younger brother , Ralph , coming out on top , taking the last game 15-13 .
American Victor Niederhoffer captured the classic 1975 final with their four-game victory over the six-time North American Open champions , Sharif Khan . Niederhoffer is the last amateur to have won the North American Open title .
In 1982 , Canadian squash sensation Mike Desaulniers topped Sharif Khan in the final securing the North American Open title and the No . 1 ranking on the North American hardball tour , ending Khan 's unprecedented thirteen-year reign at No.1 .
The quarterfinal of the 1985 North American Open is arguably one of the best squash matches ever played , as American Tom Page took on the legendary Jahangir Khan at New York City 's Town Hall . Page took an early 2-1 lead against the world 's best squash player , eventually going down in five games .
After switching to a softball format in 1995 , the North American Open halted in 1996 , ending a thirty-year run of annual play . The tournament was resumed again in 2006 in San Francisco , where it was hosted for two years . The North American Open was then held in Richmond , Virginia from 2009-2013 .
Past Results
Men 's finals ( since 2004 )
Men 's champions ( 1966–1995 )
See also
United States Open ( squash )
References
Squash in Virginia
The following data is current as of the end of the 2021 season , which ended after the 2022 NCAA Division I Football Championship Game . The following reflects the records according to the NCAA . This list took into account results modified later due to NCAA action , such as vacated victories and forfiets . Percentages are figured to 3 decimal places . In the event of a tie , the team with the most wins is listed first .
* Ties count as one-half win and one-half loss .
ASUN
Big Sky Conference
Big South Conference
Colonial Athletic Association
Ivy League
Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference
Missouri Valley Football Conference
Northeast Conference
Ohio Valley Conference
Patriot League
Pioneer Football League
Southern Conference
Southland Conference
Southwestern Athletic Conference
Western Athletic Conference
See also
List of NCAA football teams with 900 wins
NCAA Division I FBS football win–loss records
List of NCAA football teams by wins
References
NCAA Division I FCS football
Lists of college football team records
The 1998 Haringey Council election took place on 7 May 1998 to elect members of Haringey London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Following their landslide victory in the 1994 elections , Labour were defending 57 of the 59 seats on Haringey Council . At these elections the Conservatives successfully defended their two seats in Highgate ward , but failed to regain any others . The Liberal Democrats became the official opposition after winning three seats in Muswell Hill ward , their first ever on Haringey Council . One of these three councillors was Lynne Featherstone , who would go on to become MP for Hornsey and Wood Green .
Election result
| }
Ward results
Alexandra
Archway
Bowes Park
Thomas Davidson was a sitting councillor for Fortis Green ward
Bruce Grove
Coleraine
Bernice Vanier was a sitting councillor for Tottenham Central ward
Crouch End
Fortis Green
Green Lanes
Harringay
High Cross
Highgate
Hornsey Central
Hornsey Vale
Muswell Hill
Elizabeth Singleton was a sitting councillor for South Tottenham ward
Noel Park
Park
Seven Sisters
South Hornsey
South Tottenham
Tottenham Central
West Green
Rafaat Mughal was a sitting councillor for Woodside ward
White Hart Lane
Woodside
George Meehan was a sitting councillor for Coleraine ward
Jayanti Patel was a sitting councillor for White Hart Lane ward
References
1998
1998 London Borough council elections
Charles François Marie Baron was Governor ( later High Commissioner ) of French India from March 1946 to May 1949 .
References
Titles
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French India
Harriet Dobbs ( August 27 , 1808 – May 14 , 1887 ) , later Harriet Dobbs Cartwright , was an Irish-born Canadian philanthropist .
Early life
Harriet Dobbs , a member of the family of Castle Dobbs , County Antrim , was born in Dublin . Them parents were Conway Edward Dobbs , a barrister , and Maria Sophia Dobbs . They married Robert Cartwright , from Kingston , Upper Canada , in Dublin in 1832 , and moved with their husband to Kingston in 1833 . Robert was the son of Richard Cartwright , a United Empire Loyalist . Their twin brother , John Solomon Cartwright , became a respected lawyer , banker , business person and politician .
In Canada
Because their husband was an Anglican clergyman , assistant to Archdeacon George Okill Stuart , Dobbs was soon drawn into church and charity work in Kingston . They taught Bible study classes and Sunday school , held sewing and choir group meetings in their home , and joined the Female Benevolent Society of Kingston ( FBS ) . They managed the society 's hospital along with others , and organized the annual fundraising bazaar . They also painted portraits to raise money for the FBS . After a fire closed the society 's works for a few years , they restarted the FBS in 1839 , as a charity focused on visiting , temperance , and caring for the city 's poor .
Harriet Dobbs was secretary of the Orphans ' Home and Widows ' Friend Society for 31 years , fundraising and overseeing an orphanage , school , and women 's workshop . They visited women in prison , advocated for them , and organized Christmas parties for them with their brother , Francis Dobbs , a prison chaplain .
Harriet Dobbs Cartwright was also a skilled watercolourist .
Personal life
Dobbs married Robert David Cartwright in Dublin . They were the son of Richard Cartwright of Kingston , Upper Canada . They had a daughter and four sons ; one of their sons was banker and politician Richard John Cartwright , who served in the federal Cabinet under Sir Wilfrid Laurier . Them first son died in infancy . They were widowed when Rev . Cartwright died from tuberculosis in 1843 , and they died in 1887 , aged 78 years ; their grave is in Cataraqui Cemetery in Kingston .
Them husband 's twin brother , John Solomon Cartwright , was a well-respected business person , lawyer and judge . They also died of tuberculosis , two years after their husband .
Archives
There is a Cartwright Family Fonds with the Ontario provincial archives , consisting of documents from 1799 to 1913 . The documents were generated by Richard Cartwright , their sons John Solomon Cartwright and the Reverend Robert David Cartwright , Robert 's wife Harriet ( Dobbs ) Cartwright and their son , Sir Richard Cartwright .
References
External links
Cartwright family fonds , Archives of Ontario
Virtual Paper Workshop : Victoria Cosby ( Queen 's University ) , “ Sisters Suffering Separation : Harriet Dobbs Cartwright and their Siblings Spread from Upper Canada to India ” ( May 8 , 2020 ) .
Dobbs , Harriet
Dobbs , Harriet
Dobbs , Harriet
Dobbs , Harriet
Canadian women philanthropists
Immigrants to Upper Canada
19th-century philanthropists
There are hundreds of breeds of the domestic pig ( Sus scrofa domesticus ) .
List with classification and standards
See also
List of sheep breeds
List of goat breeds
List of cattle breeds
Lists of domestic animal breeds
References
List
Pig
Ataxia spinicauda is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Schaeffer in 1904 . It is known from the Bahamas , Cuba , Jamaica and the United States .
References
Ataxia ( beetle )
Beetles described in 1904
Newton County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia . As of the 2020 census , the population was 112,483 . The county seat is Covington .
Newton County is included in the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Roswell , GA Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Newton county is named after Sgt . John Newton , who served under Gen. Francis Marion , the `` Swamp Fox '' , in the American Revolutionary War . It was created on December 24 , 1821 .
During the American Civil War , the county provided the Lamar Infantry , which was a part of Cobb 's Legion . The 1860 census shows the enslaved population was nearly half , 45.2 percent . Newton County adjoins Jasper County : Georgia is one of many states that have a Newton County and a Jasper County that border each other .
In late 1978 , the first five episodes of The Dukes of Hazzard were filmed in and around Covington , Georgia . The TV series In The Heat of the Night was filmed in Covington from 1988 to 1995 . Also , in Remember the Titans , there were many scenes shot on `` The Square '' and the final football scene was shot at Homer Sharp Stadium , which is located near downtown Covington . Currently part of the new series The Vampire Diaries is being filmed on `` The Square '' . Additionally , major films including My Cousin Vinny , Friday the 13th Part VI : Jason Lives and Halloween II , Rob Zombie 's sequel to their 2007 film Halloween , were also filmed near and around `` The Square '' in downtown Covington .
Newton County claims to be the birthplace of Georgia 4-H. Actually , the Girls Canning and Boys Corn Clubs in 1904 by G.C . Adams was renamed the 4-H Club in 1906 , after the original 4-H Club that opened in Iowa in 1905 .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 2.5 % ) is water . The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state .
The majority of Newton County is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin . A small eastern portion of the county , from southwest of Social Circle to southwest of Newborn , is located in the Upper Oconee River sub-basin of the same Altamaha River basin .
Major highways
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 278
State Route 11
State Route 12
State Route 20
State Route 36
State Route 81
State Route 138
State Route 142
State Route 162
State Route 162 Connector
State Route 212
State Route 402 ( unsigned designation for I-20 )
Adjacent counties
Walton County ( north )
Morgan County ( east )
Jasper County ( southeast )
Butts County ( south )
Henry County ( southwest )
Rockdale County ( northwest )
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000 , there were 62,001 people , 21,997 households , and 17,113 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 23,033 housing units at an average density of 83 per square mile ( 32/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 75.27 % White , 22.21 % Black or African American , 0.22 % Native American , 0.72 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.58 % from other races , and 0.98 % from two or more races . 1.87 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 21,997 households , out of which 37.70 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.20 % were married couples living together , 14.10 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 22.20 % were non-families . 18.30 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 6.60 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.77 and the average family size was 3.14 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.70 % under the age of 18 , 8.90 % from 18 to 24 , 32.10 % from 25 to 44 , 21.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 9.90 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 33 years . For every 100 females , there were 94.70 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 90.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 44,875 , and the median income for a family was $ 49,748 . Males had a median income of $ 36,742 versus $ 26,097 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,317 . About 7.20 % of families and 10.00 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 14.90 % of those under age 18 and 8.80 % of those age 65 or over .
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 99,958 people , 34,390 households , and 26,165 families living in the county . The population density was . There were 38,342 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 53.8 % white , 40.9 % black or African American , 0.9 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 2.1 % from other races , and 2.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.6 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 13.4 % were American , 9.2 % were Irish , 8.0 % were English , and 7.5 % were German .
Of the 34,390 households , 43.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 51.5 % were married couples living together , 19.0 % had a female householder with no husband present , 23.9 % were non-families , and 19.6 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.85 and the average family size was 3.27 . The median age was 34.7 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 52,361 and the median income for a family was $ 56,519 . Males had a median income of $ 44,504 versus $ 33,133 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 21,583 . About 10.8 % of families and 12.7 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 16.5 % of those under age 18 and 7.3 % of those age 65 or over .
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census , there were 112,483 people , 37,867 households , and 28,095 families residing in the county .
Education
Communities
Covington ( county seat )
Mansfield
Newborn
Oxford
Porterdale
Social Circle
Starrsville
Politics
For the first half of the 20th century , Newton County followed the regular Solid South pattern of voting Democratic . It would later become a state bellwether from 1968 to 2004 -- meaning that Newton 's voting was an accurate predictor of the overall statewide winner . From 2008 to 2016 Newton had been narrowly won by Democrats thanks to its location within the Atlanta metro and the influx of progressive voters both the region and Newton have experienced in recent years . This margin ballooned to a double digit percentage in 2020 as Joe Biden flipped the state back into the Democratic column .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newton County , Georgia
References
External links
Covington and Newton County Living
The City of Covington official site
Downtown Covington
The Covington/Newton County Chamber of Commerce
The Center for Community Preservation and Planning
The Covington News
The Newton Citizen
Turner Scrapbook Collection from the Digital Library Collection
Georgia ( U.S. state ) counties
1821 establishments in Georgia ( U.S. state )
Populated places established in 1821
Newton
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Speedball 2 Tournament is a sequel to the Commodore Amiga futuristic sports video game Speedball 2 : Brutal Deluxe originally created by The Bitmap Brothers , published by Frogster Interactive Pictures and developed by Kylotonn .
Features
The game features fully customizable male , female and droid players , and a virtual marketplace for unlockable in-game content . It also features live streaming of ranked matches , as well as live sports commentary and developer interviews .
The game also features a subscriber-based `` Gold '' mode in which players are granted access to worldwide officially ranked leagues .
Development
Public interest in a modern remake of Speedball 2 was rekindled by a high-profile Half-Life 2 modification , SourceBall . The SourceBall project began development in November 2004 , and garnered interest from both Valve ( many of whom claimed to be fans of the original Speedball 2 ) , and from Mike Montgomery of The Bitmap Brothers . SourceBall was featured in a Steam News article broadcast to the Steam community , and was used by Valve in their 2005 presentation at The Gathering in Norway . Following a change of leadership in early 2006 , development on the SourceBall project ended , but public demand for a new version of Speedball 2 remained high .
In October 2006 , Frogster Interactive announced that it had secured the rights to remake Speedball 2 . Frogster has slated for release in Autumn 2007 , and on April 27 , 2007 released a trailer for Speedball 2 . For the production of Speedball 2 , Kylotonn assembled a new team of game designers and programmers . As eminent advisor and lead producer , Mike Montgomery from Bitmap Brothers is supervising all steps in the development of the game .
The title was changed to Speedball 2 Tournament in November 2007 .
Distribution
On 5 November 2007 , Kylotonn and Valve released information that they would distribute the game via Steam and the end of November , 2007 . The game has since been delisted from Steam , though no official announcement or justification for this seems to have been published .
References
2007 video games
Fantasy sports video games
Multiplayer online games
Science fiction video games
Video games developed in France
Video game sequels
Windows games
Windows-only games
Cyberpunk video games
Kylotonn games
Martin Hhaway Sulle ( born 28 December 1982 ) is a Tanzanian long-distance runner who specializes in the half marathon .
They made their international debut at the 1999 IAAF World Cross Country Championships , where they were 15th in the junior race . They competed at the event the following year in Vilamoura , Portugal and was fifth in the junior race . They also made their global senior debut as they ran in the men 's short race , finishing in twelfth .
They were the winner of the inaugural edition of the Oeiras International Cross Country race in late 2000 . They also won half marathon races in Portugal , taking the 2001 Cidade de Ovar Half Marathon title and the Setúbal Half Marathon with a course record time of 1:01:25 .
They won a bronze medal at the 2003 World Half Marathon Championships which was also held in Vilamoura . Shortly after , they won the Giro al Sas di Trento 10K race in Italy . They were the 2006 winner of the Humarathon in France . They were the silver medallist in the half marathon at the 2007 All-Africa Games , finishing runner-up to Deriba Merga . They returned to the global stage after a long absence at the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and placed 41st in the men 's senior race .
Achievements
Personal bests
10,000 metres - 28:15.60 min ( 2002 )
Half marathon - 1:00:29 hrs ( 2004 )
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Tanzanian male long-distance runners
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Tanzania
African Games silver medalists for Tanzania
African Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Baraeus plagiatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae . It was described by Hintz in 1919 . It is known from Cameroon .
References
Endemic fauna of Cameroon
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1919
Robert Stanley may refer to :
Robert Stanley ( MP ) ( died 1632 ) , member of parliament ( MP ) for Lancashire
Robert Christopher Stafford Stanley ( 1899–1983 ) , governor of the Solomon Islands ( 1953–1955 )
Robert H. Stanley ( 1881–1942 ) , American sailor and Medal of Honor recipient
Robert Stanley ( aviator ) ( 1912–1977 ) , American test pilot and engineer
Robert Crooks Stanley ( 1876-1951 ) , American metallurgist and industrialist
Robert C. Stanley ( 1918–1996 ) , American artist known for their paperback book covers
Bob Stanley ( baseball ) ( born 1954 ) , American baseball pitcher
Bob Stanley ( musician ) ( born 1964 ) , British musician
Mike Stanley ( Robert Michael Stanley , born 1963 ) , American baseball catcher
Robert Stanley ( Australian politician ) ( 1847–1918 ) , Australian politician
Robert Stanley ( mayor ) ( 1828–1911 ) , British mayor and business person
See also
Stanley Roberts ( disambiguation )
John Francis Harvey ( April 14 , 1918 – December 27 , 2010 ) was a priest of the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales , a moral theologian of the Catholic Church , and the founder of the DeSales School of Theology in Washington , D.C . They wrote about homosexuality and Catholic moral teaching and founded the Courage Apostolate , an official Catholic organization that counsels gay or same-sex attracted Catholics to remain abstinent from same-sex sexual activities .
Early life and ordination
John Francis Harvey was born on April 14 , 1918 , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , the third of four children of Patrick J. and Margaret ( née Harkins ) Harvey . Patrick Harvey , a devout Catholic , was a native of Ireland . Margaret died when John Francis was an infant .
John Francis attended St. Columba Parish School , and after graduating from Northeast Catholic High School for Boys in 1936 , they entered the Oblate Novitiate in Childs , MD , making their first profession of vows on September 8 , 1937 , and their perpetual vows on September 8 , 1940 . After earning their Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy in 1941 from The Catholic University of America in Washington , D.C. , they continued their studies at that institution , earning a master 's in psychology and philosophy , a licentiate in theology and , ten years later , a doctorate in moral theology . They were ordained to the priesthood on June 3 , 1944 , at the Cathedral Basilica of SS . Peter and Paul in Philadelphia by Hugh L. Lamb , Auxiliary Bishop of Philadelphia .
Harvey was a lifelong fan of the Philadelphia Eagles and Phillies .
Priestly ministries
Educational and ministerial background
After ordination , Father Harvey 's served as a High school teacher at Northeast Catholic High School from 1945 to 1947 . After this they became a Graduate student at The Catholic University of America , which they attended from 1947 to 1951 . This further education lead to theirs becoming a Professor . They became a Professor of moral theology at Dunbarton College of the Holy Cross and worked there from 1948 to 1973 . They also acted as Professor of moral theology at DeSales Hall School of Theology , Washington , D.C. from the somewhat overlapping period of 1949 to 1987 . They served as that school 's president from 1965 to 1977 . In addition they held a role as a professor of moral theology and President of Cluster of Independent Theological Schools , Washington , D.C. from 1980 to 1983 . They also served as a visiting professor at several institutions , including Catholic Theological Union , Sydney , Australia , St. Joseph Seminary of the Archdiocese of New York , and Seton Hall University .
From 1990 to 2010 they were Professor of medical and sexual ethics at the Allentown College of St. Francis de Sales ( since 2001 , DeSales University ) where they lived at Wills Hall , student residence . Additionally , they took on teaching duties at the Oblate House of Studies at The Catholic University of America , in Washington , D.C. until it was closed in 1997 due to a dearth of priestly candidates .
Courage Apostolate
Harvey is best known for urging the Catholics they called `` same-sex attracted '' to be chaste . The term `` same-sex attracted '' is often preferred by Catholics like them because they feel `` gay '' or `` lesbian '' is defining a person by their orientation in a way that is inadvisable . In November 1978 , Fr . Benedict Groeschel , C.F.R , recommended them to Terence Cardinal Cooke , Archbishop of New York , to start a new ministry for this purpose . Harvey started Courage Apostolate , a support group with five members . It had its first meeting on September 26 , 1980 , at the Church of St. Joseph in New York .
Harvey retired as executive director of Courage in 2008 .
Publications and Reception
In their writings , Harvey defended the traditional Catholic position on sexuality , while strongly contending that same-sex attracted or LGBT Catholics deserve compassionate pastoral care . In 1987 , they published their best-known book , The Homosexual Person : New Thinking in Pastoral Care . In it , they critiqued the views of those theologians who argue that the Church 's longstanding prohibition of same-sex acts is wrong . Among others , they also wrote two other books , The Truth about Homosexuality , and Homosexuality and the Catholic Church .
Harvey 's position on same-sex attraction has been praised by both Catholic commentators and high-ranking officials in the Catholic Church : in a forward to Homosexuality and the Catholic Church , Archbishop Raymond Burke expressed approval of Courage support groups , stating that `` Father Harvey helps us all to think more clearly and to act more rightly and lovingly in responding to our brothers and sisters with same-sex attraction . ''
They have also faced criticism for their statements about the Catholic Church 's sexual abuse scandal . In 2018 , the Catholic newspaper Crux reported that Harvey advocated for the return of abusive priests to ministry in the 1990s on the grounds that these priests should be treated with the same compassion and forgiveness deserving of all same-sex attracted individuals . In 1992 , Crisis Magazine interviewed Harvey about remarks they made at a U.S. Bishops ' Workshop in 1990 , where they argued that `` most [ priests who sexually abuse minors ] should be rehabilitated and returned to ministry '' .
Harvey 's statements about the Church 's sexual abuse scandal have garnered criticism from Catholics otherwise in support of Courage 's mission to counsel same-sex attracted individuals in accordance with the Church 's teachings on sexuality .
Retirement and death
Harvey retired to Annecy Hall , a retirement community for the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales in Childs , Maryland , in January 2010 . They died on December 27 , 2010 , the feast of St. John the Evangelist , at Union Hospital in Elkton , Maryland , and was survived by their sister , Margaret Smith , and many nieces , nephews and grand-nieces and grand-nephews . They were predeceased by their siblings , Catherine Egan and James Harvey . The Mass for Christian Burial for Harvey was celebrated on Friday , December 31 , 2010 , at Our Lady of Light Chapel , 1120 Blue Ball Road , Elkton , Maryland . They are buried at the Oblates of Saint Francis de Sales Cemetery , in Childs , Cecil County . Maryland .
Legacy
Harvey 's approach won the endorsement of the Pontifical Council for the Family . Pope John Paul II said of this ministry , `` Courage is doing the work of God ! '' In 2011 , at the 31st Annual Courage Conference , Raymond Leo Cardinal Burke , then the Cardinal Prefect of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura , gave a tribute to the work of Harvey .
Honorary degrees
Doctor of Humane Letters ( honorary ) , Assumption College , 1986 .
Doctor of Humane Letters ( honorary ) , Allentown College of St. Francis de Sales ( now DeSales University ) , 1988 .
Other recognition
A chair in moral theology at DeSales University is named after Harvey .
A residential building for juniors and seniors at DeSales University was named for Harvey .
Selected works
See also
Catholics United
DignityUSA
Homosexuals Anonymous
Integrity USA
New Ways Ministry
Restored Hope Network
References
Catholic University of America alumni
Clergy from Philadelphia
1918 births
2010 deaths
is a retired Japanese marathon runner .
They won the gold medal at the 1993 World Championships in a time of 2:30:03 hours . In addition they won the Tokyo International Women 's Marathon in 1995 and 1998 and the Osaka Ladies Marathon in 1993 . Them personal best time was 2:26:10 , from January 1994 in Osaka . They finished 17th at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Achievements
All results regarding marathon , unless stated otherwise
External links
1969 births
Living people
People from Kazuno , Akita
Japanese female long-distance runners
Japanese female marathon runners
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Japan
Olympic female marathon runners
Sportspeople from Akita Prefecture
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships winners
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
Latronico ( Latronichese : ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza , in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata . Due to its high elevation of it is much cooler , even in summer , than the larger cities along the coasts .
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Eastern States can refer to several locations :
states located in the eastern United States , or , more narrowly , along its east coast
Eastern states of Australia
Eastern States Agency , a former administrative division of British India
The Juno Award for Traditional Indigenous Artist of the Year is an annual Canadian music award , presented by the Juno Awards to honour music created by Indigenous Canadian artists working in traditional music genres . Announced at the Juno Awards of 2021 , it was presented for the first time at the Juno Awards of 2022 .
It is presented alongside a new category for Contemporary Indigenous Artist of the Year .
Prior to 2022 , contemporary and traditional Indigenous artists were honoured alongside each other in a single category for Indigenous Artist or Group of the Year .
Winners and nominees
References
Traditional Indigenous
First Nations music
Mark D. Steinberg ( born June 8 , 1953 ) is a historian , writer , and professor . They taught at Harvard University , Yale University , and the University of Illinois , Urbana-Champaign , from which they retired in 2021 . They are the author of many books and articles on Russian history . They remain active as an author and advisor .
Early life and education
They were born in San Francisco , California . They received a B.A . ( 1978 ) from the University of California , Santa Cruz , followed by M.A ( 1982 ) and Ph.D. ( 1987 ) degrees in history from the University of California , Berkeley . At Illinois , from 1996 until their retirement in 2021 , they held the position of Professor , Department of History at University of Illinois . They were also Professor in the Department of Slavic Languages and Literatures there ( since 2005 ) and the Unit for Criticism and Interpretive Theory ( since 2007 ) ; from 1998 to 2004 they were Director of their Russian , East European , and Eurasian Center . From August 2006 until August 2013 , they were the editor of the interdisciplinary journal Slavic Review .
Before coming to Illinois in 1996 , they were an Assistant Professor of History at Harvard University from 1987 to 1989 , and at Yale from 1989–1994 , where they were promoted to Associate Professor ( 1994–96 ) .
Specialization
Mark Steinberg specializes on the cultural , intellectual , and social history of Russia in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries , especially the period of the Russian Revolution . Their recent and current research focuses on urban history , revolutions , emotions , religion , violence , and utopias . They are currently working on a new project on “ the crooked and the straight ” in urban public life in Odessa , Bombay , and New York City during the 1920s .
Publications
Books written
Mark D. Steinberg , Russian Utopia : A Century of Revolutionary Possibilities . Bloomsbury , 2021 .
Mark D. Steinberg , The Russian Revolution , 1905–1921 . Oxford University Press , 2017 . Russian translation , 2018 .
Mark D. Steinberg , Petersburg Fin de Siècle . Yale University Press , 2011 .
Nicholas V. Riasanovsky and Mark D. Steinberg . A History of Russia , 8th ed. , Oxford University Press , 2010
Mark D. Steinberg , Proletarian Imagination : Self , Modernity , and the Sacred in Russia , 1910–1925 . ( Cornell University Press , 2002 , . Russian translation , 2022 .
Mark D. Steinberg , Voices of Revolution , 1917 ( in the series “ Annals of Communism , ” ) Yale University Press , 2001
Mark D. Steinberg and Vladimir M. Khrustalëv , The Fall of the Romanovs : Political Dreams and Personal Struggles in a Time of Revolution . In the series Annals of Communism , Yale University Press , 1995 .
translated into Portuguese as , A queda dos Romanov : a história documentada do cativeiro e execução do último czar e sua família Rio de Janeiro : Jorge Zahar , 1996
translated into Japanese , 1997
translated into Russian as : Skorbnyi put ' Romanovykh ( 1917–1918 gg ) : Gibel ' tsarskoi sem ' i ( in the series “ Arkhiv noveishei istorii Rossii : Seriia ‘ Publikatsii , ' '' ROSSPEN , Moscow , 2001 )
Mark D. Steinberg , Moral Communities : The Culture of Class Relations in the Russian Printing Industry , 1867‑1907 University of California Press , 1992 .
Books edited
Mark D. Steinberg and Valeria Sobol , eds. , Interpreting Emotions in Russia and Eastern Europe . Northern Illinois University Press , 2011 .
Mark D. Steinberg and Catherine Wanner , eds.Religion , Morality , and Community in Post-Soviet Societies . Woodrow Wilson Center Press and Indiana University Press , 2008
Mark D. Steinberg and Heather J Coleman , eds . Sacred Stories : Religion and Spirituality in Modern Russia . Indiana University Press , 2007 .
Stephen Frank and Mark D Steinberg , eds . Cultures in Flux : Lower Class Values , Practices and Resistance in Late Imperial Russia . Princeton University Press , 1994. .
Personal life
Mark Steinberg was married from 1980 until their death in 2015 to Jane T. Hedges , who for many years was Managing Editor of Slavic Review ( previously working in university book publishing as an editor ) . Their only child is Alexander ( Sasha ) Hedges Steinberg , a cartoon artist and designer , as well as a celebrated drag queen performer ( under the name Sasha Velour ) who won the ninth season of American drag competition RuPaul 's Drag Race . In 2020 , they married Daniela Steila , who teaches history of philosophy at the University of Turin in Italy .
References
External links
CV at University of Illinois
web page at University of Illinois
Historians of Russia
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty
Harvard University faculty
University of California , Berkeley alumni
Living people
1953 births
Płomień 81 ( literally `` Flame 81 '' ) is a Polish hip-hop group founded in Warsaw . It was formed by the Polish rappers Pezet and Onar in 1998 . The group name originates from the school in which the two rappers met ( Primary School No . 81 in Ursynów ) .
History
The first song produced by Płomień 81 was `` Ursynów '' , featuring Lady K on the mixtape Enigma : 0-22 vol . 2 . Soon after , Płomień 81 was signed on by the Polish label Asfalt Records . In 1999 the mini-album Asfalt Wiosna '99 ( literally `` Asphalt Spring '99 '' ) was released with the two songs `` Muzyka '' and `` Miłe słowa '' . Later in the same year , the debut album Na zawsze będzie płonął which was produced by O $ ka was released . This was followed by the release of the mixtape Hip-hopowy raport z osiedla which featured the song `` Pytasz kim jestem '' .
After their debut , Płomień 81 was invited to work with DJ 600V on the album Szejsetkilovolt they were producing . The group did the vocals for the song `` Mieszkam w mieście '' , and were featured on the song of another artist - Deus , who later joined Płomień 81 . In 2000 the group decided to drop the Asfalt Records label and instead sign with RRX due to being unhappy with the promotion they were receiving from the label . This was soon followed by the release of their second album under the RRX label , Nasze dni . Płomień 81 was once again invited to record a song , `` Projekt jest w drodze '' , for the album Wkurwione bity being produced by DJ 600V . After their work together , Onar and Pezet decided to end their collaboration and to pursue their musical careers separately .
Their third album , `` Historie z sąsiedztwa '' , premiered on October 15 , 2005 . Deus did not contribute to this album , but it did feature the rappers Nowator and Dwie Asie . During this time Pezet 's brother Małolat ( also a rapper ) was arrested on suspicions of drug trafficking . This prompted a campaign to free Małolat through the use of donated funds to cover the costs of the legal proceedings . Pezet wrote a song titled `` Jestem przeciw '' ( literally , `` I 'm against it '' ) where they express their discontent with the state of Polish politics and bureaucracy . This song was on the group 's newest and also most popular album . Their latest album was so well received that it was selected by users of hip-hop.pl and rapgra.com as the best album in 2005 . Three music videos were recorded to promote the album from the songs `` Powiedz na osiedlu '' , `` WWA '' , and `` Odwaga '' .
Discography
References
Polish hip hop groups
Chunshen Road ( ) is an above-ground station on Line 5 of the Shanghai Metro . Located at the intersection of Humin Highway and Chunshen Road in the city 's Minhang District , the station opened with the rest of the first phase of Line 5 on 25 November 2003 . It is currently served by six-car trains running on the main line of Line 5 between and stations . Between 28 December 2018 and 26 December 2020 , passengers who wish to travel to stations on the branch line of Line 5 between and stations must transfer to four-car trains at Dongchuan Road station . Since 26 December 2020 , both the main and the branch line trains run all the way to Xinzhuang with no shuttle service .
History
The station opened for passenger operations on 25 November 2003 , concurrent with the opening of the initial segment of Line 5 between and .
Until 2018 , the station platforms could accommodate only four-car trains . In 2016 , in anticipation of the extension of Line 5 to , construction began to extend the platforms to accommodate six-car trains . This work was completed by May 2018 .
Description
Chunshen Road is an above-ground metro station located at the intersection of Humin Highway and Chunshen Road , in the Minhang District of Shanghai .
All trains which serve this station currently terminate at to the north and to the south . This service pattern was implemented on 20 October 2018 in anticipation of the opening of the Line 5 extension to . This is because six-car trains are being run on the portion between Xinzhuang and Dongchuan Road , while four-car trains are run on the section between Dongchuan Road and Minhang Development Zone , which can not accommodate longer trains . Passengers wishing to continue their journey on Line 5 to must transfer at .
Previously , prior to the opening of the Line 5 extension , and with service provided by four-car trains , trains which served this station would stop at all destinations on Line 5 . From 20 August 2018 to 19 October 2018 , trains which served this station alternated their southern terminus as either or , with all trains serving the northern terminus of .
Once the extension of Line 5 opens , all trains which stop at Chunshen Road station will be six-car trains that serve the main line between Xinzhuang and Fengxian Xincheng . Passengers wishing to access stations on the branch line of Line 5 must transfer at Dongchuan Road . In the second half of 2019 , both four-car and six-car trains will run together in the combined segment between Xinzhuang and Dongchuan Road , thus re-allowing passengers to travel to all destinations on Line 5 from Chunshen Road without transferring vehicles .
The station is fully accessible . Within the fare-paid zone , there are two elevators which connect the ground level with each of the two platforms .
This station should not be confused with Chunshen railway station , a station on the Jinshan railway and located about to the southwest by car .
Exits
There is one station exit :
Exit 1 : Humin Highway
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Line 5 , Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Minhang District
Railway stations in China opened in 2003
The Saint Francis Red Flash men 's basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Saint Francis Red Flash men 's basketball program in various categories , including points , assists , blocks , rebounds , and steals . Within those areas , the lists identify single-game , single-season , and career leaders . The Red Flash represents Saint Francis University in the NCAA Division I Northeast Conference .
Saint Francis began competing in intercollegiate basketball in 1918 . However , the school 's record book does not generally list records from before the 1950s , as records from before this period are often incomplete and inconsistent . Since scoring was much lower in this era , and teams played much fewer games during a typical season , it is likely that few or no players from this era would appear on these lists anyway .
The NCAA did not officially record assists as a statistic in Division I until the 1983–84 season , and blocks and steals until the 1985–86 season , but Saint Francis ' record books includes players in these stats before these seasons . These lists are updated through the end of the 2020–21 season .
Scoring
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
References
Saint Francis
Statistical
Onduparaka is a village in Ayivu County , Arua District . The soccer team Onduparaka FC got its name from this place and its official home ground - Greenlight Stadium can be found when you cut right from the main road some metres after the junction . Onduparaka is about a ten minute ride directly north from the Arua Hill Roundabout along Adumi Road which is a continuation of Arua Avenue . Ondu paraka in Lugbara language means 'sorghum stem ' . A lot of sorghum used to be grown in Onduparaka and traded to the Democratic Republic of Congo , a few kilometres west .
References
Arua District
West Nile sub-region
Nicholas Hookes ( 1632–1712 ) was an English poet , best known for Amanda , a sacrifice to an unknown goddesse .
Life
Hookes was born in London and was educated at Westminster School under Richard Busby . They gained a scholarship at Trinity College , Cambridge in 1649 , and graduated B.A . there in 1653 . Their tutor was Alexander Akehurst . Akehurst was expelled from Trinity the following year , for `` blasphemous statements '' , and accused by their student Oliver Heywood of being a Quaker . Hookes wrote of them that they concealed their head `` among the clouds of alchemists '' .
Hookes died on 7 November 1712 ; and was buried in St Mary-at-Lambeth . A monumental inscription there remembered them as loyal to the Stuarts .
Works
The Amanda verses published by Hookes in 1653 , their year of graduation , were generally in the Cavalier poet amatory style , conventional from a literary point of view but `` overtly royalist '' in terms of politics under the Commonwealth of England . The book was dedicated to Edward Montagu , a Westminster and Cambridge contemporary and son of Edward Montagu , 2nd Baron Montagu of Boughton .
The same year Hookes published also Miscellanea poetica , mostly Latin verse in the elegy genre : this work sought patronage .
Notes
1632 births
1712 deaths
17th-century English poets
18th-century English poets
People educated at Westminster School , London
People from London
Alumni of Trinity College , Cambridge
English male poets
Burials at St Mary-at-Lambeth
Jerry 's Restaurants is an American restaurant chain founded by Jerry Lederer , who initially opened the White Tavern restaurant in Kentucky in 1929 . Lederer subsequently opened Jerry 's in 1946 , and franchising began in 1957 . Very similar to Big Boy restaurants , Jerry 's was located in the Midwest and South . Following a sale of the company in 1990 , some Jerry 's restaurants were converted to Denny 's by the new owners . As of 2012 , only about a dozen locations , now called Jerry 's J-Boy Restaurants , are still open in Kentucky and southern Indiana . As of 2021 , one location remains open , in Paris , Kentucky .
A separate chain of Jerry 's restaurants , named after co-founder Jerry Goucher , operates in the western United States . As of 2021 , it has four locations in Arizona , Nevada , and Oklahoma .
History
Jerry Lederer , a resident of Louisville , Kentucky , had been inspired by the success of White Castle hamburger stands and decided to open their own hamburger stand named White Tavern Shop . The five-stool restaurant opened in 1929 , in Shelbyville , Kentucky . White Tavern expanded during the 1930s , and by 1943 , it had 13 locations in three states .
Only two White Tavern locations remained following the effects of World War II rationing . In 1946 , Lederer opened a 14-stool roast beef sandwich stand named Jerry 's , in Lexington , Kentucky . At approximately the same time , Warren W. Rosenthal , a student at the University of Kentucky , rented an apartment in Lederer 's home ; they subsequently became friends , and Rosenthal joined the Jerry 's Restaurants company in 1948 . Rosenthal became the company 's chief executive officer in 1957 , and franchising began that year . Into the 1960s , the company expanded with a chain of drive-in restaurants . Rosenthal became the company president in 1963 , following Lederer 's death from a heart attack that year .
As of 1965 , the company had 53 locations in six states . As of the company 's 40th anniversary in 1969 , it had 67 locations , many of them in the Lexington and Louisville areas . The company was operated by the Lexington-based Jerrico , Inc. , with Rosenthal as Jerrico 's president . Jerrico operated 16 company owned restaurants , while the rest were franchised . Some White Tavern locations remained in New Jersey , but under different ownership . In 1969 , Jerrico launched a new restaurant chain , Long John Silver 's . It became a success and was Jerrico 's primary business focus moving forward .
Jerry 's was particularly successful in Kentucky during the 1960s and 1970s . On May 1 , 1990 , Jerrico announced it would sell its 46 Jerry 's locations to the Atlanta-based Great American Restaurants , the largest franchisee of Denny 's . Great American Restaurants planned to gradually convert most of the Jerry 's locations into Denny 's . The Jerry 's restaurants were mostly located in Kentucky and Indiana . Jerrico sold the chain in order to focus on its Long John Silver 's brand .
Following the sale , Great American Restaurants stated that it did not intend to convert the entire Jerry 's chain into Denny 's . By 1993 , several Jerry 's restaurants in Kentucky had been converted to Denny 's . Others continued operating under the Jerry 's name .
Some Jerry 's restaurants became known as Jerry 's J-Boy . By 2015 , the number of locations had decreased , although there were still at least three locations , all located in Kentucky . Two locations closed in early 2020 , leaving only one location in Paris , Kentucky .
Western U.S. chain
A separate chain of Jerry 's Restaurants has operated in the western United States since the 1960s . It was founded by Thomas and Jerry Goucher , the latter of whom died in 2005 , at the age of 78 . The Jerry 's Restaurants company was later renamed as Sunwest Restaurant Concepts , Inc. As of 2021 , there were four restaurants remaining , located in Arizona , Nevada , and Oklahoma .
References
External links
Official website ( Paris , Kentucky location )
Ocala.com Snapshots from the Past : Jerry 's
Restaurant chains in the United States
Restaurants established in 1929
Restaurants established in 1946
1929 establishments in Kentucky
KK Železničar may refer to :
Basketball teams in Serbia
KK Železničar Beograd , based in Belgrade
KK Železničar Čačak , based in Čačak ( 1949–present )
KK Železničar Inđija , based in Inđija ( 1970–present )
KK Železničar Lajkovac , based in Lajkovac ( 1978–present )
Basketball teams in Slovenia ,
Železničar Ljubljana , based in Ljubljana ( 1943–1960 )
Železničar Maribor , based in Maribor ( 1946–2006 )
See also
KK Željezničar Sarajevo
FK Železničar ( disambiguation )
Chris Bourg is an American librarian , sociologist and former officer of the United States Army . They have been the director of Massachusetts Institute of Technology Libraries since 2015 .
Career and education
Bourg graduated with a B.A . from Duke University and a M.A . from the University of Maryland . They went on to study sociology at Stanford University where they completed an M.A . and PhD . Them doctoral thesis titled Gender mistakes and inequality was supervised by Cecilia L. Ridgeway .
They worked at Stanford for 12 years where they held several roles including associate university librarian for public services . They started as the director of Massachusetts Institute of Technology Libraries , overseeing the library and MIT Press in 2015 . They took over the role from previous director Ann Wolpert , who had been in the position for 17 years . Prior to their career in libraries , Bourg spent 10 years as an officer in the United States Army , teaching for three years as a faculty member at West Point .
Bourg is a frequent public speaker and has given multiple conference keynotes . In a 2018 keynote at a Code4LIb conference , they discussed diversity in software development . The talk , which referenced research by the Kapor Center for Social Impact indicating record numbers of people are leaving tech environments due to discrimination , resulted in online harassment and personal attacks .
Bourg is known for talking openly about and challenging systemic racism within the library profession . They have also called into question the neutrality of librarianship . During an American Library Association panel in 2018 Bourg argued against the possibility of neutrality concluding that : `` If we believe that libraries have any role to play in supporting and promoting truth in our current post-truth culture , then our work is political and not neutral . '' Bourg has been equally vocal about open access publishing . In 2013 they resigned from the editorial board of the Journal of Library Administration , along with the editor-in-chief and other board members , as a sign of support for open-access publishing following the death of Aaron Swartz .
Select publications
Chapters
Articles
References
Living people
American librarians
American women librarians
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
Stanford University alumni
Women in the United States Army
Duke University alumni
University System of Maryland alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American women academics
21st-century American women
Mike Vanhamel ( born 16 November 1989 ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for Beerschot Wilrijk in the Belgian First Division A .
Career
Vanhamel began their career at R.S.C . Anderlecht before joining to R. Charleroi S.C. in 2005 , where they stayed for one season before moving to Oud-Heverlee Leuven , playing in the EXQI-League . At OH Leuven they played their first official game fon 17 September 2006 against Hamme . In 2007 , they left Leuven after two seasons , moving to Ligue 2 club Le Havre AC . There played their first game on 16 May 2008 against Bastia and played their first game in Ligue 1 against Nice . In August 2011 they returned to Belgium , signing a contract for three years with K.V.C . Westerlo playing in the Jupiler League . On 25 July 2012 , they signed a one-year contract with French Ligue 2 club Stade Laval , with an option for another one . After their contract had expired mid 2014 , Vanhamel signed a one-year deal with Dutch Eerste Divisie side NEC . They then switched clubs each season , moving to Lierse , Oostende and Beerschot Wilrijk .
Honours
Club
NEC
Eerste Divisie : 2014–15
WS Bruxelles
Belgian Second Division : 2015–16
References
External links
Belgium stats at Belgian FA
1989 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Belgian footballers
Belgium under-21 international footballers
Belgium youth international footballers
R.S.C . Anderlecht players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
Oud-Heverlee Leuven players
Le Havre AC players
K.V.C . Westerlo players
Stade Lavallois players
NEC Nijmegen players
RWS Bruxelles players
Lierse S.K . players
K.V . Oostende players
K Beerschot VA players
Belgian First Division B players
Belgian First Division A players
Ligue 2 players
Eerste Divisie players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Williams 's jerboa ( Allactaga williamsi ) is a species of jerboas native to Afghanistan , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Iran and Turkey .
Description
Similar to the other jerboas in the Allactaga genus , the Williams 's Jerboa are small hopping rodents of desert regions and have large ears and a long tail . The tail assists and serves as support when the jerboa is standing upright . They have long hind feet and short forelegs . The forelimbs of the jerboa serve as a pair of hands for feeding , grooming , etc . The males in this species do not have bacula .
Distribution and habitat
Williams 's jerboa is native to Anatolia , Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Iran , Turkey and northwestern Iran . A separate population is found in central Afghanistan . Its typical habitat is steppe with scanty vegetation cover . It occurs in disturbed areas when sufficient suitable habitat remain but is not normally found in cultivated areas . It favours semi-arid regions and the foothills of mountainous regions . In the west of its range it is found at altitudes of up to but ranges as high as in Afghanistan .
Behaviour
Williams 's jerboa is mainly nocturnal and spends the day in a system of burrows . Emerging at night , it feeds on insects and plant material . The Williams 's jerboa is a common food source for the long-eared owl in Turkey . Breeding takes place in spring and summer when two litters , each consisting of three to six young , are reared .
Status
Williams 's jerboa has a wide range and , although it is found at relatively low densities , its total population is presumed to be large . It is common in parts of Azerbaijan but is rarer and has become locally extinct in parts of Turkey . The major threat it faces is the conversion of its steppe habitat into cultivated land . The International Union for Conservation of Nature has listed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
Allactaga
Jerboa , Williams 's
Mammals described in 1897
Taxa named by Oldfield Thomas
Lee Smith ( born November 1 , 1944 ) is an American fiction author who typically incorporates much of their background from the Southeastern United States in their works . They have received writing awards , such as the O. Henry Award , the American Academy of Arts and Letters Award for Fiction , the North Carolina Award for Literature , and , in April 2013 , was the first recipient of Mercer University 's Sidney Lanier Prize for Southern Literature . Them novel The Last Girls was listed on the New York Times bestseller 's list and won the Southern Book Critics Circle Award . Mrs Darcy and the Blue-Eyed Stranger , a collection of new and selected stories , was published in 2010 .
Early life and education
Smith was born in 1944 in Grundy , Virginia , a small coal-mining town in the Appalachian Mountains , less than 10 miles from the Kentucky border . The Smith home sat on Main Street , and the Levisa Fork River ran just behind it . Them mother , Gig , was a college graduate who had come to Grundy to teach school . Them father , Ernest , was the owner and operator of a Ben Franklin store in Grundy .
Growing up in the Appalachian Mountains of southwestern Virginia , nine-year-old Lee Smith was already writing—and selling , for a nickel apiece—stories about their neighbors in the coal boomtown of Grundy and the nearby isolated `` hollers . '' After spending their last two years of high school at St. Catherine 's School in Richmond , Virginia , Smith enrolled at Hollins College in Roanoke . They and fellow student Annie Dillard ( the well-known essayist and novelist ) became go-go dancers for an all-girl rock band , the Virginia Woolfs . In 1966 , their senior year at Hollins , Smith submitted an early draft of a coming-of-age novel to a Book-of-the-Month Club contest and was awarded one of twelve fellowships . Two years later , that novel , The Last Day the Dog Bushes Bloomed ( Harper & Row , 1968 ) , became Smith 's first published work of fiction .
Since 1968 , they have published fifteen novels , as well as four collections of short stories , and has received eight major writing awards including the Sidney Lanier Prize for Southern Literature in 2013 . Them memoir Dimestore : A Writer 's Life published in 2016 is the story of their life in Grundy and beyond .
Career
Following their graduation from Hollins , Smith married James Seay , a poet and teacher , whom they accompanied from university to university as their teaching assignments changed . They had two sons . In 1971 they had completed their second novel , Something in the Wind , which garnered generally favorable reviews . Them next novel was Fancy Strut ( 1973 ) .
In 1974 Smith and their family moved to Chapel Hill , North Carolina , where they finished Black Mountain Breakdown ( 1981 ) , a much darker work than their readers had come to expect . Next they turned their attention to short stories , for which they won O. Henry Awards in 1978 and 1980 . Smith published their first collection of short stories Cakewalk in 1981 . It was also about this time that their marriage broke up , and they accepted a teaching job at North Carolina State University in Raleigh , where they taught for many years . In 1983 their fifth novel , Oral History , became a Book-of-the-Month Club featured selection , exposing Smith for the first time to a wide national audience .
In 1985 they published Family Linen . That same year Smith - who was by then divorced from Seay - married journalist Hal Crowther , to whom they dedicated the new book .
Since then , Smith has published Fair and Tender Ladies ( 1988 ) and Me and My Baby View the Eclipse ( 1990 ) , their second book of short stories . In 1992 they published The Devil 's Dream , a generational saga about a family of country musicians . In 1995 their ninth novel , Saving Grace , was published , and in 1996 the novella The Christmas Letters , their eleventh work of fiction , was published . News of the Spirit , a collection of stories and novellas , was published in 1997 , and they published New York Times Bestseller The Last Girls in 2002 .
On Agate Hill ( 2006 ) , is set in the piedmont South during Reconstruction . The New York Times found the young narrator 's voice to be occasionally unconvincing , but praised `` Smith 's inventive storytelling '' .
Guests on Earth ( 2013 ) is based on the life of Zelda Fitzgerald . It is narrated by Evalina Toussaint , a former piano prodigy living in a mental hospital where they meet Zelda . The Washington Post called it `` a carefully researched , utterly charming novel '' .
In April 2020 , Smith published Blue Marlin , a novella that follows Jenny , an adventurous thirteen-year-old , down to Key West for a patched-up family vacation following the discovery of their father 's illicit affair . The book was published by Blair .
Smith currently lives in Hillsborough , North Carolina with husband Hal Crowther .
Bibliography
Novels
The Last Day the Dogbushes Bloomed ( 1968 )
Something in the Wind ( 1971 )
Fancy Strut ( 1973 )
Black Mountain Breakdown ( 1980 )
Oral History ( 1983 )
Family Linen ( 1985 )
Fair and Tender Ladies ( 1988 )
The Devil 's Dream ( 1992 )
Saving Grace ( 1995 )
The Christmas Letters ( 1996 )
The Last Girls ( 2003 )
On Agate Hill ( 2006 )
Guests on Earth ( 2013 )
Blue Marlin ( 2020 )
Short story collections
Cakewalk ( 1981 )
Me and My Baby View the Eclipse ( 1990 )
News of the Spirit ( 1997 )
Mrs. Darcy and the Blue-Eyed Stranger ( 2010 )
Memoir
Dimestore : A Writer 's Life ( 2016 )
References
External links
Lee Smith – the official author website
Audio : Lee Smith at the Key West Literary Seminar , 2008 : Keynote Address
Audio : Lee Smith at the Key West Literary Seminar , 2005 : `` Humor ''
Lee Smith reading on November 15 , 2006 : Blackbird : An Online Journal of Literature and the Arts '' , Virginia Commonwealth University , Richmond , Volume 5 , No . 2 ( Fall 2006 )
Guide to the Lee Marshall Smith Papers 1956-2019
Guide to the Ben Jennings Papers about Lee Smith 1982-2007
1944 births
Living people
People from Grundy , Virginia
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
American women short story writers
People from Hillsborough , North Carolina
Novelists from North Carolina
Hollins University alumni
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
The Travelling Band is an English folk-rock band , formed in 2006 and based in Manchester . The band members are Jo Dudderidge ( lead vocals , acoustic guitar , hammond organ/piano , electric guitar ) , Adam P. Gorman ( lead vocal , electric guitar , synth ) and Nick Vaal ( drums , percussion ) , Harry Fausing Smith ( violin , sax , guitars , vocals ) and Sam Quinn ( bass guitar ) . Previous full-time members include Steve 'Snaf '' Ballinger ( vocals , guitars , keys ) , Steve 'Mugger ' Mullen ( lead guitar ) and Chris 'Spenny ' Spencer ( bass guitar ) . Previous touring members include Chris Hillman ( electric guitar , pedal steel ) , Tanah Stevens ( viola ) and Hannah Nicholson ( violin ) .
The band have released four studio albums Under the Pavement ( 2008 ) , Screaming is Something ( 2011 ) and The Big Defreeze ( 2014 ) and SAILS ( 2017 ) . They have also released two EP 's If this is a gag , i 'm in . ( 2007 ) and The Redemption of Mr Tom ( 2008 ) as well as two live albums Arrears Not Careers ( 2010 ) and Live at The Met ( 2014 ) .
History
The Travelling Band formed during a recording project in 2006 in Williamsburg , Brooklyn . The band recorded their debut studio album 'Under The Pavement '' ' with producer ( and former Joan Jett and Steve Earle guitarist ) Eric 'Roscoe ' Ambel , which was later released in the UK in November 2008 to receiving critical acclaim from the UK media . The album featured as BBC Radio 6 Music 'Album of the Day ' , BBC Radio 2 's 'Single of the Week ' with the song `` Only Waiting '' , which also featured in the TV series Skins ( Series 3 , Ep . 8 ) . Album track `` Angel of the Morning '' also featured in the Ian Dury biopic Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll .
Although the tracking for Under the Pavement was completed after a second session in NYC in October 2007 , the album did not appear for another 12 months and was finally issued on their own 'Sideways Saloon ' imprint—also the moniker of their Manchester-based , monthly club night . Two hand-crafted , cloth-packaged EPs helped to create a local buzz in the run up to the album 's release , while acclaim came from further afield when the band won the Glastonbury Festival 2008 New Talent award . Festival organiser Michael Eavis personally chose the band as winners and said of the band – `` they take me back to my roots ... marvellous music to saviour and enjoy '' .
The band toured extensively for two years following their debut 's release with appearances at Glastonbury Festival , End of the Road , NXNE ( Toronto ) and Tbilisi Open Air Festival ( Georgia ) . In 2009 , the band became the first British act to visit and perform in Kosovo performing several times in Podujevo and Pristina as part of a peaceful commemoration organised by Manchester Aid to Kosovo ( MAK ) of a massacre that had taken place in Podujevo in 1999 during the Kosovo War .
In 2010 , the band began to record their second album with an initial recording session on the Isle of Mull followed by overdubs in their home studio set ups and at Moolah Rogue Studios in Stockport . They returned to New York City to perform at CMJ Festival and it was during this trip that they were scouted by Cooking Vinyl Publishing . In 2011 , The Travelling Band signed with the record label , Cooking Vinyl to release their self-produced second studio album Screaming Is Something , recorded on the Isle of Mull , which received notable reviews . The band toured extensively that year with notable appearances at SXSW Festival , Green Man Festival and Cropredy .
In April 2011 , the band performed at two fundraisers for the charity compilation Ten which was curated by lead singer Jo Dudderidge . The album featured Manchester artists and bands such as Elbow , Cherry Ghost , Doves , Josephine Oniyama , Liz Green , Jo Rose and Liam Frost as well as The Travelling Band who performed with Badly Drawn Boy as their band on the launch nights . The album sales and concerts raised over £15,000 for the Manchester Aid to Kosovo charity . Further fundraisers took place at the Eden Project in Cornwall where the band performed alongside Fleet Foxes , The Flaming Lips and The Bees on two separate occasions .
In early 2012 , the band took a break from the road and began writing third album . They ran a successful crowd funded Pledge Music campaign which they raised the money to record with producer Iestyn Polson ( Patti Smith , David Gray ) at The Church Studios in Crouch End , London . The album was released in the UK and Europe in August 2014 on Sideways Saloon via Republic of Music .
Theft of equipment
In December 2014 , The Travelling Band made headlines in the national press after their van containing £30,000 of equipment was stolen from a street in Levenshulme , Manchester . The band appealed for help on social media and their story was quickly picked up by many local news outlets including the Manchester Evening News and BBC Manchester before being published in the NME and the Daily Mirror . On 12 December , Greater Manchester Police announced that they had recovered both the van and equipment and The Travelling Band later announced a special one-off gig at The Deaf Institute in Manchester to celebrate the return of their van and thank their fans for the help in the recovery of the vehicle .
Discography
AlbumsUnder The Pavement ( 2008 ) Arrears Not Careers – live album ( 2010 ) Screaming Is Something ( 2011 ) Live at The Met ( 2014 ) The Big Defreeze ( 2014 ) Sails '' ( 2017 )
Singles and EPs
`` If This is a Gag , I 'm In '' EP ( 2007 )
`` Only Waiting '' ( 2007 )
`` The Redemption of Mr Tom '' EP ( 2008 )
`` Desolate Icicle '' ( 2008 )
`` The Horizon , Me And You '' ( 2009 )
`` Sundial '' ( 2010 )
`` Fairweather Friends '' ( 2011 )
`` Sundial mmxi '' ( 2011 )
`` Battlescars '' ( 2011 )
`` Hands Up '' ( 2013 )
`` Passing Ships '' ( 2014 )
`` Pinhole Sounds Volume One '' ( 2016 )
`` Into the Water '' ( 2017 )
`` Last Night ( I Dreamt of Killing You ) '' ( 2017 )
`` Mopping Forwards '' ( 2017 )
References
External links
The Travelling Band official website
English alternative rock groups
English folk musical groups
British indie folk groups
Musical groups from Manchester
Short 's Brewing Company is a brewpub and microbrewery in Bellaire , Michigan , United States . Registered in 2002 , the company opened its pub in 2004 . In 2008 , a production facility in Elk Rapids , Michigan was purchased and renovated to accommodate larger scale batches . In July 2017 , Short 's sold 19.9 % of the company to Lagunitas Brewing Company , which is owned by Heineken International .
History
Short 's Brewing Company was registered as a business in 2002 with the State of Michigan by 22-year-old Joe Short .
In 2003 , a 100-year-old empty hardware store in Bellaire , Michigan was refurbished for use as a brewpub . The pub opened on April 26 , 2004 , initially housing a seven barrel brewing system utilizing five fermenters and five serving tanks . First year production totaled 178 barrels . During the fall of 2006 , Short began work on The Imperial Beer Series . By 2007 the 13 series beers were released , each one with its own trading card and story . The pub offers space for community gatherings , local art , and live performance . The pub has 20 beers and Starcut Ciders on tap .
Short 's purchased an old manufacturing building in Elk Rapids , Michigan in January 2008 , to accommodate larger scale batches separate from the brewing done on-site at the brewpub . The first Elk Rapids batch of beer was brewed in January 2009 . With the Elk Rapids warehouse facilities , production capacity increased to 30,000 barrels per year . The bottling line is designed to process 800 cases per day .
In 2014 , the company set a Guinness World Record for the largest tap takeover when it served 120 Short 's beers for the opening of HopCat 's new location in Detroit . In 2014 the company produced 34,443 barrels .
Production site
The Elk Rapids production site is a 30-barrel brewhouse . The site has 21 fermenters and 6 bright tanks . Short 's beer is brewed with natural ingredients and is unfiltered . Every bottled product and some kegs are flash pasteurized . The production site is geared to brew and package 56 different beers in 2014 .
Availability
The beer is distributed mostly in Michigan , and is sold in over 3,200 locations statewide . In addition to its year-round `` flagship '' brews , it bottles over 40 seasonal and specialty beers annually . In January 2016 , Short 's announced that it would expand its distribution territory for both brands ( Short 's Brew and Starcut Ciders ) to include additional states . In March 2016 , Short 's began distribution in Indiana and Ohio markets through Cavalier Distributing . In January 2019 , Short 's partnered with Cavalier Distributing in the greater Orlando area and J.J. Taylor Distributing Florida , Inc. in the greater Tampa area to bring Short 's brews to Florida
Awards
2009 Great American Beer Festival
Bloody Beer - Silver Medal - Experimental Beer
2010 RateBeer Best Beers In The World
# 64 - 100 Best Brewers in The World
# 5 - 50 Best Brewpubs
2010 Great American Beer Festival
Key Lime Pie- Gold Medal- Experimental Beer
2010 World Beer Cup
Black Licorice Lager- Bronze Medal- Herb & Spice Beer or Chocolate Beer
2011 Draft Magazine Top 25 Beers of the Year
The Gambler
2014 Great American Beer Festival
Key Lime Pie- Gold Medal- Experimental Beer
2015 Great American Beer Festival
Melt My Brain - Silver Medal - Experimental Beer
Notes
External links
Beer brewing companies based in Michigan
American companies established in 2004
2004 establishments in Michigan
Fung Chi Ming ( , born 13 January 1951 ) is a retired Hong Kong football player . They played the position of a striker or right winger and won the Hong Kong First Division League Best Scorer Award twice in 1976-77 and 77–78 .
Nicknamed `` Fung Little '' ( 馮細 ) , they were called the 3A 's of Hong Kong national football team together with Wan Chi Keung and Sze Kin Hei .
They got famous when they played in South China . In 1978–79 , together with their teammates Choi York Yee and Chan Sai Kau , they moved to Happy Valley by each signing a big contract of HKD $ 5,500 per month . However , Fung could not maintain their form and moved back to South China after two seasons .
References
www.GoalGoalGoal.com 前港隊及南華名將馮志明 ( in Chinese )
www.GoalGoalGoal.com 陳世九 ( in Chinese )
External links
HKFA Website 一場扣人心弦的亞洲盃賽事─香港對北韓 ( in Chinese )
1951 births
Hong Kong footballers
Association football forwards
Hong Kong First Division League players
South China AA players
Happy Valley AA players
Living people
The Papuan Gulf languages are a proposed language family of Papuan languages spoken inland from the large gulf that defines the shape of southern Papua New Guinea .
Languages
Kikorian ( Kikori River )
Kutubuan
Turama–Kikorian
Strickland ( Strickland and Soari River )
East Strickland
Doso–Turumsa
Gogodala–Suki ( Suki–Aramia River )
Tua River
Teberan
Wiru
Pawaia
Lexical comparison
The lexical data below is from the Trans-New Guinea database and Usher ( 2020 ) , unless noted otherwise . Neighboring languages not traditionally classified within Papuan Gulf are also included for comparison .
References
Further reading
Franklin , K. editor . The linguistic situation in the Gulf District and adjacent areas , Papua New Guinea . C-26 , x + 607 pages . Pacific Linguistics , The Australian National University , 1973 .
Languages of Papua New Guinea
Proposed language families
Papuan languages
Rutledge Wood ( born April 22 , 1980 in Birmingham , Alabama ) is an auto racing analyst and TV show host . Wood was one of three hosts for History 's Top Gear along with Adam Ferrara and Tanner Foust , which premiered on November 21 , 2010 . Until 2013 , they were one of the hosts for NASCAR Trackside . They were also the host of the Speed Road Tour Challenge in 2007 . In 2013 , Wood won the 2013 Long Beach Toyota Celebrity Race with Adam Carolla winning in the Pro Category who Wood says taught them the course . Rutledge is known for wearing thick horn rim glasses .
In Summer 2014 they started shooting the fifth season of Top Gear . In May 2015 , a new show called Lost in Transmission appeared with them as the host which focuses on them driving around their hometown in Georgia along with a friend of theirs fixing up old classic cars .
They are also the host of the Netflix show Floor Is Lava and The American Barbecue Showdown , which launched in June 2020 and September 2020 respectively .
References
American television sports announcers
National Hockey League broadcasters
Motorsport announcers
American horse racing announcers
People from Birmingham , Alabama
Living people
1980 births
Arundel-on-the-Bay ( also referred to as `` AOTB '' ) is a former post village and resort area in Anne Arundel County , Maryland , United States , located approximately southeast of Annapolis . Arundel-on-the-Bay is located on a peninsula known as the Annapolis Neck and is a peninsula in and of itself , bordered on the east and south by the Chesapeake Bay , and by Fishing Creek on the west .
Located near Highland Beach , Arundel-on-the-Bay was formerly an enclave of vacation residences and undeveloped property which attracted affluent African Americans when Jim Crow laws were in effect , when entrance to other resort areas was barred to non-whites . The community now holds approximately 345 homes . Arundel-on-the-Bay is a special tax district ; each year a portion of property taxes are reserved by Anne Arundel County for improvements and maintenance of the shoreline .
The community owns a private beach and pier , boat ramp , and boat launch for community use .
The Thomas Point Lighthouse is visible and a short boat ride from the Arundel-on-the-Bay community beach .
Notable residents include Aris T. Allen , Jr. , son of Dr. Aris T. Allen , the first African American chair of the Maryland Republican Party and Kurt Schmoke , former and first African American mayor of Baltimore .
References
2 . Arundel on the Bay website http : //arundelonthebay.org/index.html
African-American history of Maryland
Unincorporated communities in Maryland
Unincorporated communities in Anne Arundel County , Maryland
Lisa Camille Willis ( born June 13 , 1984 ) is an American basketball coach . They played professionally in the WNBA with the Los Angeles Sparks , New York Liberty and the Sacramento Monarchs . They entered the WNBA in 2006 as the overall fifth draft pick to the Los Angeles Sparks immediately following their college career at University of California , Los Angeles . While Willis played for the Los Angeles Sparks for their first two seasons , they were playing for the New York Liberty their last two seasons where they led the WNBA in three-pointers in 2008 .
Willis enjoyed a successful college career at UCLA . In 2006 as a senior , Willis was named prior to the season by Nancy Lieberman of ESPN as the nation 's best defender , named Honorable mention AP All American , selected Third Team All American selection by Women 's Basketball News Service , named as a Pre Season Naismith Award Nominee , nominated for the Bayer Advantage Senior Class Award , was UCLA 's All time 3point shot leader ( second on All Time PAC10 list ) , ranked ninth on the All-Time UCLA Scoring List , ranked fifth at UCLA in all time games played , ranked 13th on all time school rebounding list , ranked 10th in all-time school scoring list , ranked 8th in all time school free throw percentage , ranked second in all time school steal list and listed as the first player in history to record three straight seasons with 100 or more steals .
In 2005 as a junior , Willis was deemed as UCLA 's all time 3point shot leader , was selected first team All PAC10 , was ranked sixth in nation in steals , became first Bruin to record back to back 100 steals seasons , tied their own school record for made 3point shots , recorded 26 double figure scoring games and tallied nine double figure rebounding games . They were also selected to the 2005 USA Team and won a gold medal in Izmir , Turkey .
In 2004 as a sophomore , Willis tallied a total of 100 steals ( which was the most ever by a UCLA sophomore ) , was ranked third in NCAA in steals per game , was ranked ninth for sophomores scoring at UCLA , ranked first in PAC10 in steals , ranked first in PAC10 in 3point shots made , ranked seventh in PAC10 in defensive rebounding , 15th in overall rebounding , and ranked tenth in PAC10 in scoring .
In 2003 as a first-year student , Willis Finished the regular season seventh in PAC10 3pointers made and ranked second on UCLA 's all-time single season frosh list for 3pointer .
High school
Lisa Willis grew up in Long Beach , CA and attended Narbonne High School in Harbor City , CA . As a four-year Varsity basketball player , Willis saw a great deal of success at Narbonne . Noted accomplishments for Willis are as follows : Won two straight City Championship , named second team All State selection by Cal Hi Sports as an underclassman , named as the Los Angeles City Player of the Year , named First Team Marine League , named First Team All City , named Second Team All Area by Daily Breeze , won Back to back City , State , and US National Championships with New York Liberty 's Loree Moore and one with Indian Fever 's Ebony Hoffman , name a Nike All American , named Honorable mention All American US Today and Street & Smith 's and was also recognized as the Sophomore State Player of the Year . They committed themselves to UCLA as sophomore . Them Nickname is Raindropper as it was given to them in High School by Ebony Hoffman .
UCLA statistics
Source
USA Basketball
Willis was a member of the team representing the US at the 2005 World University Games Team in Izmir , Turkey . Willis averaged 9.7 points per game while helping the team to a 7–0 record , resulting in a gold medal at the event . Willis ' efficiency showed in Turkey , when it was noted that they were a leading scorer and the top 3-point shooter but did n't tally as many minutes .
FIBA career
Willis had a fun and exciting professional basketball career in Europe during the WNBA offseason . They played for teams in Vologda , Russia , Byron , Greece , Kayseri , Turkey and Riga , Latvia . Them last season of overseas basketball was played in Riga , Latvia where they won the Latvian Championship in 2010 . Willis ' career came to an end when they tore their ACL , MCL , and LCL the same day they received a contract to go back to Kayseri , Turkey where they once played .
Life after basketball
Life after basketball brought out a community-driven mindset in Lisa . They took over The Promise Group ( her mother 's non profit organization ) , expanded their service spectrum and served as a role model for foster children and at risk youth . Willis became a board member of Best Start Los Angeles , a government-funded nonprofit serving infants and children up to five years old . They joined West Athens Task Force , whose primary goal was taking action on community concerns and implementing community revitalization strategies . During one of the meetings , the lead Sheriff said `` Lisa came in and hit the floor running ! '' This speaks to their willingness and eagerness to be an agent of change .
Willis has participated on panels across the country , interacting with highly regarded scholars , elected officials and community leaders . Working together , they shared resolution-geared insight on what the foster care system can do to make `` emancipation '' for affected youth more of `` liberation '' .
Even with all their charitable endeavors , basketball never strayed far from Willis 's reach . Under the WILLIS HOOPS umbrella , they created innovative workshops focused on the physical and mental development of basketball skills . They recognized participants have different skill levels , passions , aspirations and socio-economic levels . The programs ' design provide elite basketball training for ALL types of players .
Starting with Work Hard , Play Hard , they conduct basketball clinics for inner city youths . Think.Work.Play ! is a basketball camp for high school student-athletes . The camp deals with the psychology behind basketball to maximize total performance . Academy 6 is a basketball academy that breaks down the complete game of basketball into six major sectors . While all the sectors are the same , each academy is geared towards taking a player to the next level . Lastly , G.O . Sessions are for extremely dedicated high school and college athletes . The `` Grind Out '' Session simulates a basketball boot camp where high-level competition , dedication and intensity are required .
Today Willis is the head coach of the women 's basketball team at Montreat College in North Carolina . Coaching is where they are able to apply their life 's work and instill their values in the players they coach . College is a pivotal time in a young woman 's life and Willis is committed to mentoring , developing and encouraging the players in Montreat 's growing basketball program . Coaching at the collegiate level allows them to combine all the lessons , journeys and knowledge they have bundled up over the years . She 's built an amazing legacy for their players to draw strength and reap the benefits of them experience .
Lisa 's desire is to build a program their teams will remember long after their playing days are over . When they reflect on their time together , and not just the wins and losses , hopefully they will be proud of how the experience shaped their lives .
In the future , look for Willis in a city , state or country near you ! With aspirations to utilize basketball as a platform to mentor youths around the world , they plan to apply their life lessons and help pave the way for others to follow . As a player and coach , Willis got the job done on the court . With a heart for helping others , she 'll also get the job done as a role-model and emerging leader .
Coaching career
In November 2019 , Willis was hired as an assistant coach to the Westchester Knicks .
Personal life
Willis is currently living in Laurel , MD where they have decided to put collegiate coach aside and revamp their player development business . Under the name of Think . Work . Play ! Willis ' mission is to not only build strong basketball players , but also build great people .
References
External links
WNBA Player Profile
1984 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American women 's basketball coaches
American women 's basketball players
Basketball coaches from California
Basketball players from Long Beach , California
Los Angeles Sparks draft picks
Los Angeles Sparks players
New York Liberty players
Panküp TED Kayseri Koleji basketball players
Sacramento Monarchs players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Long Beach , California
UCLA Bruins women 's basketball players
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in basketball
Westchester Knicks coaches
Montreat Cavaliers women 's basketball coaches
The Bangladesh Taekwondo Federation is the national federation for Taekwondo and is responsible for governing the sport in Bangladesh . Kazi Morshed Hossain is the president and Mahmudul Islam Rana is the general secretary of the federation .
History
Bangladesh Taekwondo Federation was established in 1997 . In January 2019 , the South Korean government donated equipment to the Bangladesh Taekwondo Federation . In December 2019 , Dipu Chakma , became the first Bangladeshi to win a gold medal in Taekwondo at the 13th South Asian Games .
References
Taekwondo in Bangladesh
National members of World Taekwondo
1997 establishments in Bangladesh
Sports organizations established in 1997
Taekwondo
Organisations based in Dhaka
Novoostankovo ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 12 as of 2010 . There are 2 streets .
Geography
Novoostankovo is located 31 km southeast of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Balchikly is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Kala Sanghian is a town in Kapurthala . It falls under the Kapurthala administration of Punjab state in India . It is one of the biggest towns in Kapurthala .
Transportation
Kala Sanghian lies approximately in the mid of Nakodar and Kapurthala . The nearest railway station to Kala Sanghian is Kapurthala railway station which is around 14 km . Sultanpur Lodhi is 27 km from Kala Sanghian and Jalandhar is 16 km from the Town .
Gurudwara
There is famous gurudwara , Baba Kahan Dass ji , in its Patti of Alamgir , Kapurthala
Climate
The Town has a humid subtropical climate with cool winters and long , hot summers . Summers last from April to June and winters from November to February . Temperatures in the summer vary from average highs of around 48 °C ( 118 °F ) to average lows of around 25 °C ( 77 °F ) . Winter temperatures have highs of 19 °C ( 66 °F ) to lows of −7 °C ( 19 °F ) . The climate is dry on the whole , except during the brief southwest monsoon season during July and August . The average annual rainfall is about 70 cm .
References
External links
Villages in Kapurthala district
Burmese names lack the serial structure of most Western names . The Burmans have no customary matronymic or patronymic system and thus there is no surname at all . In the culture of Myanmar , people can change their name at will , often with no government oversight , to reflect a change in the course of their lives . Also , many Burmese names use an honorific , given at some point in life , as an integral part of the name .
Traditional and Western-style names
Burmese names were originally one syllable , as in the cases of U Nu and U Thant ( `` U '' being an honorific ) . In the mid-20th century , many Burmese started using two syllables , albeit without any formal structure . In the late 1890s , British scholars observed that Rakhines commonly adopted three-syllable names whereas Burmans were still using one or two at most . As they become more familiar with Western culture , Burmese people are gradually increasing the number of syllables in their children 's names , by use of various structures . Today , names with up to four syllables are common for men and up to five for women .
Scholars such as Thant Myint-U have argued that the rise of complex Burmese personal names resulted from the collapse of the Burmese monarchy , which ended the sophisticated system of Pali-Burmese styles , crown service and gentry titles , leaving the majority of Burmese with single-syllable names . Former titles , such as min ( ; `` leader '' ) were re-appropriated as part of personal names .
For example , Burmese nationalist Aung San 's parents were named Pha ( ) and Suu ( ) , both of which are single-syllable names . Their birth name was Htain Lin ( ) , but they changed their name to Aung San ( ) later in life . Their child is named Aung San Suu Kyi ( ) . The first part of their name , `` Aung San '' , is from their father 's name at the time of their birth . `` Suu '' comes from their grandmother . `` Kyi '' comes from their mother , Khin Kyi ( ) . The addition of the father or mother 's name in a person 's name is now quite frequent , although it does not denote the development of a family name . Other nomenclature systems are used as well .
The use of the names of one 's parents and relatives in personal names , although it differs from historical Western practices .
Burman names commonly include Pali-derived words combined with native Burmese words , including :
Female :
sanda ( `` moon '' , from canda )
thanda ( `` coral '' , from santa )
thiri ( `` splendour '' , from siri )
hayma ( , `` forest '' , compare Himalayas )
Male :
thura ( `` brave , gallant '' from sūra )
thiha ( `` lion '' , from sīha )
zeya ( `` victory '' , from jāya )
wunna ( `` gold '' , from vaṇṇa )
kaung ( `` best '' , from kaung )
Burmese people who marry foreigners or move to countries that use surnames may use their name as if part of it represented a family name . For example , Tun Myint 's wife changed their last name to Myint , but Myint is part of their personal name .
Honorifics
As above , honorifics supplement a given name , and can be the normal form of address used both in writing and in speech , especially with a name of one or two syllables . Widespread use of honorifics is found within all cultures in the Burmese region . Although some ethnic groups have special honorifics , these words are recognized and applied by other groups ( rather than being translated ) .
For example , Aung San 's parents are more generally known as U Pha and Daw Suu . These can be translated as `` Mr. Pha '' and `` Ms. Suu '' but are often used more informally .
Below are some common honorifics used in Burmese names :
Indexing
According to The Chicago Manual of Style , Burmese names are indexed by the first element unless this element is an honorific . Honorifics are mentioned after the other elements of the name , separated by a comma , or are not stated at all .
Astrology-based naming system
Many Burmese Buddhists also use astrology ( which is determined by the child 's day of birth in the traditional eight-day calendar ) to name their children . For instance , a Monday-born child may have a name beginning with the letter `` k '' ( ) . The following is a traditional chart that corresponds the day of birth with the first letter used in a child 's name , although this naming scheme is not universally used today :
References
Name
Name
Names by culture
Kijevo ( ) is a Croatian and Serbian toponym that may refer to :
Kijevo , Croatia , a village and a municipality in Šibenik-Knin County
, a village in the municipality of Sanski Most , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Kijevo , Trnovo , a village in the municipality of Trnovo , city of East Sarajevo , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Kijevo ( Batočina ) , a village in the municipality of Batočina , Šumadija District , Serbia
Kijevo , Belgrade , a suburb of Belgrade , Serbia
, a village in the municipality of Klina , Peć District , Kosovo and Metohija , Serbia
Kijevo , Mališevo , a village in the municipality of Mališevo , District of Prizren , Republic of Kosovo
See also
Kijevci ( disambiguation )
Kiev ( disambiguation )
FC Prykarpattia-2 Ivano-Frankivsk is a Ukrainian football team based in Ivano-Frankivsk , Ukraine . The club has been featured regularly in the Ukrainian Second Division it serves as a junior team for the FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk franchise . Like most tributary teams , the best players are sent up to the senior team , meanwhile developing other players for further call-ups .
FC Spartak Ivano-Frankivsk
Defunct football clubs in Ukraine
Association football clubs established in 1999
Association football clubs disestablished in 2003
1999 establishments in Ukraine
2003 disestablishments in Ukraine
Prykarpattia-2 Ivano-Frankivsk
Mona Foundation is a non-profit organization that supports grassroots initiatives focused on education and raising the status of women and girls in the US and abroad . They believe that universal education and gender equity are the cornerstones of the eradication of poverty , disease , and conflict .
Mona Foundation is named after Mona Mahmudnizhad , an Iranian high school student who was executed in 1983 for their religious beliefs , in the Baháʼí Faith , and teaching of children classes .
Founded in 1999 , Mona Foundation supports grassroots initiatives that provide education to all children , increase opportunities for women and girls , and emphasize serve e to the community . The Mona Foundation believes the key to eliminating poverty and achieving positive and sustained community transformation lies in universal education and gender equality . Mona Foundation searches the world to identify partners who share these two priorities .
Operations
Many foundations are seed funders , supporting projects that have a beginning and an end . Instead , Mona Foundation develops long-term relationships with locally operated organizations and provides multi-year funding ( six years on average ) .
Projects
New Horizon , Haiti
Recognized as one of the best in Haiti , New Horizon School educates the next generation of graduates as agents of change in the sustainable development of Haiti . A focus on academic excellence and personal transformation is achieved with commitment to community service and focus on moral capabilities . Of the 407 New Horizon 's students , 52 percent are girls .
ADCAM , Brazil
The Association for Cohesive Development of the Amazon ( ADCAM ) started in 1985 as a small orphanage with 30 kids . Today , it is a nationally recognized institution which offers K-12 , a technical college , vocational training , a family development center and rural education programs serving over 1,000 students , and 4,400 youth , families and elderly a day . Programs include :
A K-12 school serving more than 1000 students
The Family Development Institute serving at risk students from the ages of 7-17
The Vocational School offering 16 vocational training tracks
The SAT tutorial curriculum used at 16 river schools alongside Amazon River
An after-school program for street children serving 400 students
A program for the disadvantaged & vulnerable elderly
A Youth Apprenticeship program to prepare youth ages 15–24 for employment
A program to assist juvenile offenders
Anis Zunúzí School , Haiti
The Anis Zunúzí Baháʼí School , located in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , offers K-12 education to 421 students ( as of 2019 ) , of whom 60 percent are girls . Excellent academics , music and arts and a Youth Empowerment Program are available to all students . No corporal punishment is allowed at Zunuzi .
Georges Marcellus , Haiti
Georges Marcellus quadrupled in size after 75 percent of schools in Haiti were destroyed by the earthquake of 2010 . Located in Guerot , a farming community where most residents work in the fields and incomes fluctuate based on crop yields , Georges Marcellus allows students to continue coming to school even if families fail to pay the fees .
Badi School , Panama
The indigenous native peoples of Panama suffer from the greatest extremes of poverty , malnutrition , illiteracy and higher levels of disease . Located in San Miguelito , Badi school serves a town of indigenous Embera and Kuna ethnic groups . Badi School started in 1993 as a kindergarten in the carport of a trailer home . The school is now a K-12 serving more than 396 students .
Barli Institute , India
Recognized by UNESCO as one of the top 100 education projects in developing countries , Barli educates and empowers marginalized young rural women to become leaders and agents of social change in their communities . Barli has graduated 7,800 girls from more than 780 villages , improving the lives of thousands in their communities . All of Barli 's students are girls and women .
Digital Study Hall , India
DSH 's approach to education has been described as `` YouTube meets Netflix in a schoolhouse with a dirt floor . '' Headquartered in Lucknow , DSH seeks to improve the quality of education for disadvantaged children in rural and slum schools using appropriate `` lite tech '' and innovative approaches .
Badi Foundation , China
Since 2005 , Badi Foundation 's capacity-building initiatives have attracted over 36,000 participants , mostly women and youth , in 13 rural and semi-rural regions of China . The projects engage participants in service with a focus on agriculture , environment , public health , nutrition , culture and economic development . More than 4,000 women and youth participate in Badi 's various programs . In the Environmental Action Program , 100 percent of the 1,044 participants are female .
Mongolian Development Center , Mongolia
The Mongolian Development Center emphasizes character development for children and provides training for teachers and parents . Located in Ulaanbaatar , MDC provides kindergarten and training in six regions of Mongolia , serves more than 7,760 children and 1,308 teachers . Sixty percent of students are girls and the 370 teachers are all female .
Sunflower Mission , Vietnam
With the support of Mona , Sunflower Mission has built 144 classrooms and funded 14,000 scholarships for children in remote villages of Vietnam since 2002 . These schools have made education possible for thousands of students . Considered one of the most prestigious scholarships given by any organization operating in Vietnam , the Engineering and Technology Scholarship is given to a student each year via Sunflower Mission .
TKP , United States
Teaching Kids Programming ( TKP ) trains middle school teachers so they can engage students in Java language using TKP courseware .
Rancho Sespe , United States
Rancho Sespe is a small village of agricultural families living near the town of Fillmore in Ventura County , CA . Since 2001 , Full Circle Learning has helped students achieve academic excellence while building character strength , creativity and conflict resolution skills . Out of the 100 families participating , 45 percent of students are girls and 99 percent are Latin American .
Tarzana , United States
The Habits-of-Heart after-school program serves disadvantaged and new immigrant students at Tarzana Elementary School . The program is divided into learning units that focus on a `` habit of heart . '' Habits include courtesy , understanding and dedication and help students enhance their writing , speaking , science , art and music capacities . 75 percent of students in this program are girls .
See also
Poverty in Haiti
Education in Haiti
List of schools in Haiti
Humanitarian response by non-governmental organizations to the 2010 Haiti earthquake
References
External links
Mona Foundation official webpage
Women 's rights organizations
Educational foundations in the United States
Nonprofit youth organizations based in the United States
The 2007–08 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the fifth staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association .
On 9 February 2008 , Conahy Shamrocks won the championship following a 0–19 to 1–9 defeat of Moyle Rovers in the final .
Results
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Final
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2007
Hulan Road ( ) is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 1 . This station is part of the northern extension of that line from to that opened on 28 December 2004 .
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Baoshan District
Railway stations in China opened in 2004
Line 1 , Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in Shanghai
Angela Makholwa is a South African author , the first black writer to write crime fiction in South Africa .
Life
Born in Johannesburg , Makholwa graduated in journalism from Rhodes University . They worked as a magazine journalist and public relations consultant for several agencies before establishing their own public relations firm , Britespark Communications , in 2002 . They came to the literary scene in 2007 with Red Ink , the first crime fiction by a black author in South Africa . In Red Ink the fictional detective , Lucy — a successful public relations writer — is drawn into investigating a horrifying series of rapes and murders :
Makholwa followed this up two years later with a chick-lit novel , The 30th Candle ( 2009 ) . Them third novel was Black Widow Society ( 2013 ) and their latest novel The Blessed Girl was released in October 2017 .
Works
Red Ink , Pan Macmillan , 2007
The 30th Candle , Pan Macmillan , 2009
Black Widow Society , Pan Macmillan , 2013
The Blessed Girl , Pan Macmillan , 2017
References
External links
Talking authors : Angela Makholwa , Mail & Guardian , 25 November 2009
South African women writers
Crime fiction writers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Women crime writers
21st-century South African novelists
The Blue Diamond Mine and mill is a gypsum production facility at Blue Diamond Hill in Clark County , Nevada . The mine was initially owned by a Los Angeles company known as Blue Diamond , which began mining the land in 1925 . An on-site processing plant was added in 1941 , followed a year later by the construction of a nearby company town , known as Blue Diamond , Nevada . The mine was eventually sold to James Hardie Gypsum , which expanded operations in 1998 . BPB took over the gypsum factory a few years later , and developer Jim Rhodes purchased 2,400 acres in 2003 .
History
In 1924 , the Blue Diamond company of Los Angeles purchased a 1,000-acre site for $ 75,000 , and began mining its large deposit of gypsum . The site posed various obstacles for the development of a mining operation , including cost . There were no roads leading to the area , and there was no railroad connection leading to the Union Pacific line in nearby Arden , Nevada . A railroad spur line was built to connect the mine to Arden , located about 11 miles southeast . Quarry equipment and the construction of employee housing put the total project cost at more than $ 1 million . The mine opened in 1925 . The initial production capacity was approximately 200 tons per day , a figure that was gradually increased with equipment improvements . Open-pit and underground mining took place at the site .
In 1941 , Blue Diamond added a processing plant on-site for the gypsum , which had previously been processed in Los Angeles . Gypsum was mined at the top of Blue Diamond Hill and was transported by tram to the area below , where it was processed . The Blue Diamond Corporation subsequently built a company town in 1942 , named Blue Diamond , Nevada . The mine , plant , and mill were expanded over the next decade . As of 1954 , it had 325 employees . Gypsum is extracted from the upper portion of the Permian Kaibab Formation . The gypsum layer is on the westward slope of Blue Diamond Hill .
Ownership changes
James Hardie Gypsum eventually purchased the mine , and expanded operations there in 1998 . It had 150 employees by the end of the decade . In 1999 , James Hardie put 2,700 acres of its mine land up for sale , at a price of $ 45 million . In 2002 , BPB agreed to purchase James Hardie 's gypsum factory , located at the bottom of Blue Diamond Hill . Meanwhile , John Laing Homes was planning a purchase of approximately 2,000 acres atop Blue Diamond Hill , part of James Hardie 's mining operation . John Laing planned to build a residential community on the land , but later withdrew its proposal amid opposition .
In 2003 , developer Jim Rhodes purchased 2,400 acres from James Hardie . Rhodes also intended to develop a residential project on the land , and they launched tours of the mining operation hoping to win public support for the project . Rhodes argued that housing would be a better use of the land , rather than the continuation of mining . Rhodes ' mining operation closed in 2005 .
As of 2008 , BPB operated a processing plant at Blue Diamond Hill , for gypsum that was shipped in from Arizona . Rhodes ' residential project received opposition , and they resumed gypsum mining on their property around 2011 , while still trying to get the housing proposal approved . As of 2014 , they were selling approximately 1 million tons of gypsum each year through their company , Gypsum Resources . In 2018 , Rhodes sold 1,375 acres in mining claims to a Denver company . Gypsum Resources filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2019 .
References
Mines in Nevada
Gypsum mines
Irwin Cotler , PC , OC , OQ ( born May 8 , 1940 ) is a retired Canadian politician who was Member of Parliament for Mount Royal from 1999 to 2015 . They served as the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada from 2003 until the Liberal government of Paul Martin lost power following the 2006 federal election . They were first elected to the House of Commons of Canada in a by-election in November 1999 , winning 92 % of votes cast .
Early life
The son of a lawyer , Cotler was born in Montreal , Quebec .
Cotler received their B.A . ( 1961 ) and BCL ( 1964 ) degree from McGill University and was an editor of the McGill Law Journal . They then graduated from Yale Law School with an LL.M . For a short period , they worked with federal Minister of Justice John Turner .
Cotler was a professor of law at McGill University and the director of its Human Rights Program from 1973 until their election as a Member of Parliament in 1999 for the Liberal Party of Canada . They have also been a visiting professor at Harvard Law School , a Woodrow Wilson Fellow at Yale Law School and is the recipient of eleven honorary doctorates . They were appointed in 1992 as an Officer of the Order of Canada . They are a past president of the Canadian Jewish Congress . They received an honorary doctorate from McGill University on May 30 , 2019 , and gave the commencement address during the Faculty of Law 's convocation ceremony .
Human rights activity
Cotler has served on the Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs and its sub-Committee on Human Rights and International Development , as well as on the Standing Committee on Justice and Human Rights . In 2000 , they were appointed special advisor to the Minister of Foreign Affairs on the International Criminal Court .
As an international human rights lawyer , Cotler served as counsel to former prisoners of conscience Nelson Mandela in South Africa , Jacobo Timmerman in Latin America , Muchtar Pakpahan in Asia , as well as other well known political prisoners and dissidents . Cotler represented Natan Sharansky , who was imprisoned in the Soviet gulag for Jewish activism . After their release , Sharansky went on to become Israeli Deputy Prime Minister .
At the request of Nelson Mandela 's South African legal team , Cotler took on the role of `` Canadian counsel '' to Mandela in 1981 , participating in anti-apartheid activities in Canada and advocating on Mandela 's behalf .
Saad Eddin Ibrahim , an Egyptian democracy activist imprisoned by the Egyptian government , was represented by Cotler and acquitted in 2003 . They acted as counsel to Maher Arar during part of Arar 's imprisonment and supported demands for a public inquiry . They have also defended both Palestinians and Israelis against their own governments , and participated in a minor role in the Camp David peace agreement between Israel and Egypt .
In 1986 they were chief counsel to the Canadian Jewish Congress at the Deschênes Commission of Inquiry on War Criminals .
In 2017 , Cotler was asked to join a panel of independent international experts designated by Luis Almagro , the Secretary General of the Organization of American States , to determine whether there was reasonable ground to believe that crimes against humanity have been committed in Venezuela .
Cotler is on the Board of Advancing Human Rights ( NGO ) .
National security and the law
As minister of Justice , Cotler presided over many legislative changes concerning national security . This included proposed changes to privacy legislation known as `` Lawful Access '' to give police and intelligence officers the tools to conduct surveillance of electronic communications for law enforcement and national security purposes .
In early 2005 , Cotler intervened in the senate review of Canada 's 2001 Anti-Terrorism Act , as mandated by section 145 of the bill . This law , adopted in the wake of the September 11 attacks , had been criticized by some human rights groups and defense lawyers , as an unreasonable trade-off between security and freedom . In their speech to the senate committee on the matter , Cotler rejected these concerns , arguing that `` there is no contradiction in the protection of security and the protection of human rights '' .
Politics
On December 12 , 2003 , Prime Minister Paul Martin appointed them to Cabinet as Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada .
They recommended the appointment of two women to the Supreme Court of Canada : Louise Charron and Rosalie Abella .
Cotler attempted to introduce several bills to decriminalize marijuana .
On February 22 , 2006 , the Liberal Party appointed Cotler Critic for Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness in the opposition shadow cabinet for the 39th Canadian Parliament . On January 18 , 2007 , Cotler was appointed Critic for Human Rights by newly elected leader Stéphane Dion .
Cotler was re-elected to Parliament in the 2008 election to represent the Mount Royal riding in Quebec with 55 % of the vote , In January 2009 , Cotler was named Special Counsel on Human Rights and International Justice for the Liberal Party , under Michael Ignatieff , and subsequently Critic for Human Rights . They were re-elected again in the 2011 election . In the 2011 election , Cotler fended off a serious challenge from former city councillor Saulie Zajdel , a longtime Liberal supporter running as a Conservative who lost by only 2,500 votes . It was only the third time that the Liberals have been seriously threatened in Mount Royal since initially winning it in 1940 , and the closest that a centre-right party has come to winning anywhere in Montreal since 1993 . In May 2011 , Cotler was named Justice and Human Rights Critic by interim Liberal leader Bob Rae . Cotler also chaired the Inter-Parliamentary Group for Human Rights in Iran , the Inter-Parliamentary Group of Justice for Sergei Magnitsky , and the All-Party Save Darfur Coalition .
In 2013 , Cotler was chosen to represent the Liberal Party of Canada at the Funeral of Nelson Mandela in deference to the work they did for and with Nelson Mandela in fighting Apartheid . Party Leader Justin Trudeau gave up their seat for him .
On February 5 , 2014 , Cotler announced they were not running in the 42nd Canadian federal election . They said they would remain `` active in public life , lecturing and writing on the issues of the day , advancing the causes of human rights and international justice , and advocating on behalf of political prisoners . ''
Cotler was one of thirteen Canadians banned from traveling to Russia under retaliatory sanctions imposed by Russian President Vladimir Putin in March 2014 . They replied through their official Twitter feed , `` I see my travel ban from Russia as a badge of honour , not a mark of exclusion . ''
Cotler is an advisory board member of United Against Nuclear Iran and the Counter Extremism Project .
Anti-discrimination work
As Minister of Justice , Cotler tabled Canada 's first-ever National Justice Initiative Against Racism , in parallel with the government 's National Action Plan Against Racism . Cotler has worked with a group of international jurists to indict Iranian President Ahmadinejad for incitement to genocide under the UN Charter and the Genocide Convention . Cotler chaired a commission called the `` Responsibility to Prevent Coalition '' , which released a petition in 2009 entitled `` The Danger of a Genocidal and Nuclear Iran : A Responsibility to Prevent Petition '' . The petition has been signed by Elie Wiesel , Former UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Louise Arbour , and the former Swedish Deputy Prime Minister Per Ahlmark , and historian Yehuda Bauer .
They separated six categories of anti-Semitism and found thirteen indices of discrimination against Jews that characterizes the `` new anti-Jewishness '' .
Cotler is a member of MEMRI 's Board of Advisors .
Cotler is an Honorary Member of the International Raoul Wallenberg Foundation .
Cotler serves as a member of the Advisory Board of the Genesis Prize Foundation . Cotler has spoken at the Geneva Summit for Human Rights and Democracy on several occasions .
In 2016 , Irwin Cotler drafted the `` 'Never Again ' Declaration '' , which has been signed by justice ministers , parliamentarians , jurists , and Luis Moreno Ocampo , former International Criminal Court prosecutor .
Family
Cotler 's wife , Ariela ( née Ze'evi ) , is a native of Jerusalem and worked as a legislative assistant to Likud members of the Israeli Knesset from 1967-79 .
Their daughter , Michal Cotler-Wunsh , is an attorney and was a PhD candidate in law at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem . They became a Member of the Knesset for the Blue and White Party in the 23rd Knesset , June 2020 .
References
External links
Official site
`` Is the war on Iraq illegal ? '' – Article by Cotler in `` The Globe and Mail '' 21 March 2003
How 'd They Vote ? : Irwin Cotler 's voting history and quotes
1940 births
Academics from Montreal
Activists from Montreal
Anglophone Quebec people
Attorneys General of Canada
Canadian Jewish Congress
Canadian human rights activists
Canadian legal scholars
Harvard Law School faculty
Jewish Canadian politicians
Lawyers from Montreal
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Living people
McGill University Faculty of Law faculty
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Quebec
Officers of the Order of Canada
People from Côte Saint-Luc
Politicians from Montreal
Yale Law School alumni
Yale University faculty
Members of the 27th Canadian Ministry
McGill University Faculty of Law alumni
Loharu State was one of the princely states of India during the period of the British Raj . It was part of the Punjab States Agency and was a nine-gun salute state .
Loharu State encompassed an area of , and was situated in the south-east corner of the undivided Punjab province , between the district of Hissar and the Rajputana Agency . In 1901 , the state had a population of 15,229 people , of whom 2,175 resided in the town of Loharu . From 1803 to 1835 , the territory of Loharu State also included an Ferozepur Jhirka enclave within the area directly administered by the British raj , Outer limits of the state were defined by the peripheral towns of Loharu , Bahal , Isharwal , Kairu , Jui Khurd and Badhra .
The haveli of 'Nawab of Loharu ' , known as Mahal Sara , lies in Gali Qasim Jan in Ballimaran , where their son-in-law , noted poet Mirza Ghalib stayed for a few years , whose own Ghalib ki Haveli lies a few yards away . Now the gali , which houses the Mahal Sara , is known as Kothi Nawab Loharu lane in Ballimaran mohalla of Chandni Chowk area in Old Delhi .
History
Loharu town , the seat of the state 's administration town got its name from the Lohars ( local blacksmiths ) who were employed in the minting of coins for the erstwhile Jaipur State . The princely state of Loharu was founded by Ahmad Baksh Khan in 1803 when they received the town of Loharu , ( along with the pargana of 'Firozepur Jirka ' ( now in Nuh district ) , from the Lord Lake of British East India Company as a reward for their services against the Jat rulers of Bharatpur .
Ahmad Baksh Khan was succeeded by their eldest son , Sams-ud-din Khan [ Samsudin Ahmad Khan ] , in 1827 ; their reign did not last long : in 1835 they were executed by the British Raj for being involved in the conspiracy to kill the British Resident to Delhi , Sir William Frazer , Noted Urdu poet Daagh Dehlvi was a son of Nawab Samsuddin Khan . subsequently the pargana of Firozepur was taken away by the British and the state of Loharu was given to their brothers , Amin-ud-din and Zia-ud-din Khan . Both were themselves kept under surveillance after the Indian Rebellion of 1857 for some time , before being released and their positions restored .
Alauddin Ahmed Khan succeeded their father Amin-ud-din Khan in 1869 and received the title of Nawab . Alauddin 's son , Amir-ud-din Ahmad Khan ( 1859–1937 ) , after managing the state on their father 's behalf , succeed them in 1884 , though from 1893 to 1903 , they remained administrator and adviser of the state of Maler Kotla during this time , the state was being handled by their younger brother , Bashiruddin Ahmed Khan . In 1903 , Amir- ud-din Ahmad Khan also received the K.C.S.I honour from the British Government and after 1 January 1903 was allowed a 9 gun personal salute . They later became a member of the Viceroy of India 's legislative council .
In 1920 , they abdicated to their second son , Aizzuddin Ahmad Khan , though they died early in 1926 , leaving the state to their son , Amin ud-din Ahmad Khan ( 1911–1983 ) - the last Nawab . However , since the new Nawab was still young , Amirud-din Ahmad Khan stepped in and took care of the state till 1931 .
After the Independence of India in 1947 , the state acceded to the Union of India and many of the ruling family and the city 's Muslim inhabitants re-settled in Lahore , Pakistan , though the Nawab and their direct descendants ( except for the eldest daughter of Nawab Aminuddin Ahmed , Mahbano Begum who lives in Islamabad ) , stayed on , in India .
Nawabs of Loharu
Notable members of the Loharu dynasty
The ruling family of Loharu was linked by blood or marriage to several important Muslim personalities of the 19th century , including :
Mirza Ghalib ( 1796 — 1869 ) , renowned Urdu and Persian poet , married Umrao Begum , daughter of Nawab Ilahi Bakhsh Khan ( younger brother of the first Nawab , Ahmad Baksh Khan ) .
Daagh Dehlvi ( 1831 – 1905 ) , a noted Urdu poet was a son of second Nawab , Shamsuddin Ahmad Khan .
Syed Ahmed Khan ( 1817 – 1898 ) , educationist KCSI
Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed ( 1905–1977 ) , President of India ( 1974–1977 )
Ibrahim Ali Khan Pataudi ( r. 1913–1917 ) , Nawab of Pataudi , married Shahar Bano Begum , daughter of Nawab Amiruddin Ahmad Khan .
Courtiers
Jaglan Zail of Bidhwan was adjacent to the Loharu State .
Mir Muhammad Khan , was a fine vocalist in the court of Maharaja Loharu , a descendant of Mir Allahbux who a famous vocalist and the court-musician of Raja Nahar Singh of Ballabhgarh State .
Post-Independence
Loharu descendants in India
Amin ud-din Ahmad Khan , the last ruling Nawab : Served in the Indian Army , seeing action during the liberation of Portuguese India in 1961 . They were later elected to the Legislative Assembly of Rajasthan state , and ended their chequered career as the governor of Himachal Pradesh ( 1977–1981 ) and governor of Punjab ( 1981–1982 ) .
Ala-uddin Ahmad Khan II ( Born 1938 ) : After staying in Kolkata for many years , they now live in Loharu town ; where the Loharu fort , now in ruins , stands in its center , and a major tourist attraction
Aimaduddin Ahmad Khan , or 'Durru Mian ' ( Born 1944 ) married to Fauzia Ahmad Khan : Indian National Congress politician , member Legislative Assembly of Rajasthan , Health Minister Of Rajasthan state , settled in Jaipur
Noor Bano ( Born 1939 ) : Married to Syed Zulfiqar Ali Khan of Rampur ( Titular Nawab of Rampur ) , and a member 11th Lok Sabha and 13th Lok Sabha .
Loharu descendants in Pakistan
Jamiluddin Aali , ( 20 January 1925 – 23 November 2015 ) , Urdu poet , playwright .
Mahbano Begum , ( born 1934 , Loharu ) , the eldest daughter of Nawab Aminuddin Ahmad Khan , married to H. E. Dr. S. M. Koreshi , Ambassador of Pakistan .
Junaid Jamshed , ( died 2016 , Havelian ) son of granddaughter of last Nawab of Loharu , Pakistani Artist and Personality
Adjacent states and jagirs
Jind State , bordering south east
Patiala State , bordering south
Jaglan Zail of Bidhwan , bordering north was directly administered by the British raj .
See also
History of Haryana
List of princely states of British India
References
External links
Genealogy of the Nawabs of Loharu Queensland University
Princely states of India
Princely states of Punjab
History of Punjab
Muslim princely states of India
Bhiwani district
1806 establishments in India
1947 disestablishments in India
Ted Steele ( July 9 , 1917 – October 15 , 1985 ) was an American bandleader and host of several radio and television programs . They also held administrative positions at radio stations and had their own media-related businesses .
Early years
Steele grew up on a dairy farm in Belmont , Massachusetts . When they were 7 years old , they received a scholarship to the New England Conservatory of Music ; three years later , they presented piano concerts . At 13 , they were expelled because they formed a dance band . In an article in the March 24 , 1946 , issue of Radio Life , Steele recalled , `` They tried to make a child prodigy out of me , but they did n't succeed . I did n't take it seriously — and how I hated to practice ! ''
Steele attended Trinity College in Hartford , Connecticut , paying their way with work in theaters and nightclubs .
Radio
Steele was described in The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows , 1946-Present as `` a versatile young ( 31 ) musician who had a blossoming career on radio in the 1940s . '' After first working as a page boy at NBC 's New York City facilities , they moved up to sales promotion . Their opportunity to work on the air came via their talent for playing a Novachord synthesizer , as they began to play themes and background music on up to 20 shows per week .
Networks
Steele had The Ted Steele Show on NBC in 1942 and Ted Steele 's Novatones on NBC in 1939 . They directed the orchestra on the 1947-1948 version of The Chesterfield Supper Club . They also are the host of Easy Does It , a 1946-1947 variety show on Mutual and was the organist for Lora Lawton and Society Girl . In 1941 , Steele played themselves on Boy Meets Band on the Blue Network . An item in the trade publication Broadcasting described the program as the `` [ d ] ramatization of the growth of a fictional jazz band ... the trials of its leader with some general home life scenes of its members . ''
In the mid-1950s , Steele had their own program on Mutual . Later in their career , they returned to network radio as one of the hosts of NBC 's Monitor weekend program .
Transcriptions
Steele and Grace Albert were co-hosts of one series of Time Out for Fun and Music , a transcribed 15-minute music program . They directed the orchestra on The M-G-M Screen Test .
Local radio
Steele joined KMPC in Los Angeles , California , as an announcer and producer in 1937 .
On December 4 , 1939 , Steele began a 13-week series , Home Harmonies , on WMCA in New York City ; the 15-minute programs featured Steele playing the Novachord . In 1940 , they had a program using just their own name as the title , Ted Steele , on WFIL in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . They were on WOR in New York City in 1943 , playing the Navachord and leading their orchestra in tunes from the 1920s .
In 1947 , Steele had a daily half-hour morning farm program on KYW in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The show contained a mix of recorded music and farm news . They were also KYW 's farm director .
Beginning November 17 , 1947 , Steele had a six-day-a-week disc jockey program on WMCA . They returned to WMCA in 1958 , signing a three-year contract that allowed them to continue doing their television program on WOR-TV .
In a departure from their usual musically oriented programs , Steele co-starred on Hollywood Dreams , a dramatic serial , on WABC in New York City .
Beginning in 1949 , they and their wife , Doris , were co-hosts of Mr. and Mrs. Music , a combination talk-disc jockey program , on WMCA .
On December 31 , 1962 , Steele returned to the airwaves in New York City as host of At Your Service , a daily afternoon `` women 's appeal '' program on WCBS .
In 1967 , they began working on WPEN in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , with a morning program . In 1970 , they had a morning show on WBAL in Baltimore , Maryland .
Television
Networks
On network television , Steele was host of The Ted Steele Show , a variety program that was broadcast on NBC in 1948 , on the DuMont Television Network in 1949 and on CBS in 1949-1950 . They were also one of four hosts on Cavalcade of Bands on DuMont in 1950-1951 .
Local stations
Steele 's first television program was the weekly Piano Patter in 1948 on WPTV in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . In the 1950s , they had daytime programs on local television in New York City , first on WPIX-TV and later on WOR-TV . The WOR-TV program , which began July 5 , 1954 , was reported to include a contract with Steele for more than $ 1 million for five years . In 1959 , they were the host of Dance Party , described as `` an adult version of the teenage record hop programs , '' on WNTA in Newark , New Jersey . They also are host of Do n't Call Us on WNTA .
Media administration
In 1942 , Steele was named director of programs for the Atlantic Coast Network , a group of 10 stations . They also are music director at KPMC , beginning January 1 , 1946 . During their tenure in that position , they were the focal point of a controversy related to the station 's decision to ban Bebop music . They resigned effective June 1 , 1946 , to go on tour with their orchestra .
Steele was a executive producer at WPIX 1950-1954 . In 1955 , they were named musical director at WOR-AM-TV in New York City . In 1960 , they became general manager of WNTA-AM-FM , in Newark , New Jersey , and in 1961 they went to WINS , New York City , to be general manager .
Business
Steele owned Ted Steele Radio Productions in New York City in 1941 . The company , located in Rockefeller Plaza , produced programs and commercials . From 1946 to 1948 , They were director of the radio-television division of the John C. Dowd Advertising Agency in Boston , Massachusetts . In 1957 , they formed their own business , Ted Steele Radio & Television Station Representatives , in New York City . An article in Broadcasting said that Steele would continue their daily television program on WOR .
Personal life
Steele married actor Marie Windsor on April 21 , 1946 , in Marysville , Utah . Their marriage ended in an annulment in 1953 .
They were also married to the former Doris Brooks ; they had two daughters , Sally and Sue . The couple had a farm outside of New Hope , Pennsylvania , on which they raised Guernsey cattle .
In 1956 their third marriage was to Ceil Loman , who later changed their first name and became Alison Steele , `` one of the first female disc jockeys on radio . '' That marriage ended in divorce .
References
External links
1917 births
1985 deaths
American radio bandleaders
American radio DJs
Bernarr Joseph George Rainbow ( 2 October 1914 – 17 March 1998 ) was a historian of music education , organist , and choir master from the United Kingdom .
Life and career
Born on 2 October 1914 in Battersea , London , United Kingdom , Bernarr Rainbow was the son of Ephraim James Rainbow ( 1888-1983 ) , a cabinet-maker at Buckingham Palace , who later became the Curator of Pictures at Hampton Court . Rainbow first became a church chorister when their family moved to Clapham , and they were intrigued by watching the organist play .
After another move they attended Rutlish School in Merton . Whilst still at school , Bernarr was appointed the organist and choirmaster at St James 's , Merton , later holding similar posts at St Mary 's , East Molesey and St Andrew 's , Wimbledon .
After their family moved to Hampton Court , Bernarr attended Trinity College of Music between 1933–1939 , where they were a pupil of Dr William Lovelock . Their 21st birthday was marked by a reception and dance at Hampton Court attended by 80 guests . While studying at Trinity they earned a living in the Map Branch of the Land Registry near Lincoln 's Inn . Rainbow 's studies were interrupted by World War II and they served with the Army in North Africa and Italy , until they were invalided out in 1944 . In 1941 Rainbow married Olive Grace Still ( 1915–1996 ) , at the church of St Mary the Virgin , Merton , composing the music for the service himself .
In September 1944 they became organist of the Parish Church of All Saints , High Wycombe and , a few months later , the Senior Music Master at Royal Grammar School , High Wycombe . They made a considerable public impact at High Wycombe . They produced Gilbert and Sullivan operettas at the Royal Grammar School , put on concerts at the parish church , and started a week-long annual Festival there in 1946 . Bernarr 's pupils won awards and scholarships and in 1947 representatives from 30 local choirs joined in Handel 's Messiah . Bernarr conducted the High Wycombe String Orchestra and was the soloist in their own Piano Concerto .
In 1951 the High Wycombe Parish Church Choir was chosen to sing evensong in the Festival Church on the new South Bank site . They turned the Royal Grammar School at High Wycombe into a singing school . Bernarr realised that the quality of music teaching in schools was paramount . This meant focussing on the teachers themselves . Thus in 1952 they became Director of Music at The College of St Mark and St John , Chelsea , the Church of England College for teachers , a remarkable community whose members have stayed friends . Later they became Head of Music at Gypsy Hill College , now Kingston University , and retired in 1978 .
Their distinguished record was acknowledged when they were made a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 1994 and an Honorary Fellow of Trinity College in the following year . They were President of the Campaign for the Defence of the Traditional Cathedral Choir and in 1996 they established the Bernarr Rainbow Award for School Music Teachers .
Bernarr Rainbow died in Esher , Surrey , on 17 March 1998 at the age of 83 .
Awards and qualifications
DLitt , PhD , MEd , ARCM , LGSM , LRAM , FTCL , HonFTCL , FRSA
Bernarr Rainbow Trust
The Bernarr Rainbow Trust was set up by Rainbow and Professor Peter Dickinson in 1996 to support projects connected with music education . The Trust now runs an annual award for school music teachers in conjunction with the Institute of Education , University of London ; has presented five Bernarr Rainbow Lectures in London [ published as `` Music Education in Crisis - the Bernarr Rainbow Lectures and Other Assessments '' , Boydell , 2013 ] ; and supports the publication of Rainbow 's books and their series of Classic Texts in Music Education .
Writings
Music in the classroom , Heinemann ( London , 1956 ) .
Handbook for music teachers , Novello ( London , 1964 ) .
The land without music : musical education in England 1800-1860 and its continental antecedents , Novello ( London , 1967 ) repr . Boydell .
The choral revival in the Anglican church , 1839-1872 , Barrie & Jenkins ( London , 1970 ) . repr . Boydell .
John Curwen : a short critical biography , Novello ( London , 1980 ) . [ In Bernarr Rainbow on Music - see below ]
English psalmody prefaces : popular methods of teaching , 1562-1835 , Boethius Press ( London , 1982 ) repr . Boydell .
Onward from Butler : school music 1945-1985 , Curwen Institute ( London , 1985 ) . [ In Bernarr Rainbow on Music - see below ]
Music and the English public school , Boethius Press ( London , 1990 ) . [ New , enlarged edition as Music in the Independent School , edited by Andrew Morris ]
Music in Educational Thought and Practice : a Survey from 800 BC , 2nd enlarged edition with Gordon Cox ; foreword by Sir Peter Maxwell Davies . Boydell ( Woodbridge , 2006 ) .
Four Centuries of Music Teaching Manuals 1518-1932 , with an introduction by Gordon Cox . Boydell ( Woodbridge , 2009 ) .
Bernarr Rainbow on Music : Selected Writings and a Memoir , edited by Gordon Cox , introduced by Charles Plummeridge . Boydell ( Woodbridge , 2011 )
Music in Independent Schools , edited by Andrew Morris ; introduced by Peter Dickinson . Boydell ( Woodbridge , 2014 ) .
Sources
Primary sources
The personal papers of Bernarr Rainbow are held in the Archives of the Institute of Education , University of London , and the catalogue of their papers can be accessed through the online catalogue .
Published sources
References
External links
`` An appreciation of our Founder President '' , address by Professor Peter Dickinson , accessed 31 August 2007 .
Institute of Education Press Office `` Educational philosopher launches music education lecture series '' , accessed 31 August 2007 , .
Papers of Bernarr Rainbow at the Institute of Education , University of London .
Religious music
1914 births
People educated at Rutlish School
Associates of the Royal College of Music
1998 deaths
Lester Levern Merrifield ( February 1 , 1921 – January 15 , 2000 ) was an American orthodontist was a previous President of Charles H. Tweed Foundation and they were known for their contributions in developing the Tweed-Merrifield philosophy with the Edgewise brackets during the 1950s .
Life
They were born in 1921 in Dill City , Oklahoma . They received their high school education from William L. Sayre High School and went to Oklahoma State University–Stillwater to get their degree in agriculture . They then taught vocational agriculture in the town for few years . In 1942 , they decided to pursue their dental education at Texas A & M University Baylor College of Dentistry , Texas and graduated from there in 1946 . They opened their first practice in Chickasha , Oklahoma . After that they pursued their education in Orthodontics from University of Missouri–Kansas City School of Dentistry .
In 1951 they entered United States Air Force as a Captain and transferred to Amarillo Air Force Base . They eventually completed their tour duty in 1953 . After that they moved to Kay County , Oklahoma where they started an Orthodontic Practice with their brother Vernon Merrifield . They worked in their private practice for 50 years .
Career
Dr. Merrifield enrolled themselves in the Advanced edgewise technique course at the Tweed Foundation in 1953 . Dr. Charles H. Tweed invited Dr. Merrifield to become a Co-instructor at the institution and later the Director of the Institution . When Dr. Tweed died in 1970 , Dr. Merrifield assumed the chairpersonship of the board . Their contribution lead them to give lectures twice a year at the Tweed Foundation for more than 40 years .
They were married to Jan Marlene McVicker .
Awards and positions
Tweed Foundation Distinguished Service Award
Martin Dewey Award
Oklahoma Dental Society , President
Albert H. Ketcham Award , 1989
References
1921 births
2000 deaths
American orthodontists
People from Washita County , Oklahoma
Oklahoma State University alumni
Texas A & M University alumni
20th-century dentists
United States Air Force officers
Andrew Rissik ( born 23 April 1955 ) is a British scriptwriter , journalist and critic best known for the BBC Radio 3 trilogy , Troy and the five-part thriller serial for Radio 4 , The Psychedelic Spy . They were theatre critic at The Independent from 1986 to 1988 , and a book reviewer for The Guardian from 1999 to 2001 . Their full-time writing and journalistic career came to an end in early 1988 when they were diagnosed with Myalgic encephalomyelitis ( M.E . ) , from which they still suffer .
Early life
The son of a company lawyer , Rissik grew up in Buckinghamshire and was educated at St George 's School , Windsor Castle ( where their contemporaries included the countertenor Michael Chance and the composer Francis Grier ) , Harrow School and Christ Church , Oxford , where they graduated with a Congratulatory First in English in 1977 . They were elected to a junior academic position at Christ Church in 1978 , but left a year later to pursue a career in drama and journalism . Their student theatre experience was mostly in comedy . It included directing one of Rowan Atkinson 's first appearances on the Oxford stage in a 1976 show , After Eights , partly written by Richard Curtis ( whom they first met at Harrow ) ; also a revue in 1978 for the Oxford Theatre Group on the Edinburgh Festival Fringe which again featured Richard Curtis , as well as Angus Deayton , Phil Pope , Tim McInnerny and Helen Atkinson-Wood .
Professional
In London in the early 1980s they taught part-time , worked as a script reader for the BBC and contributed arts criticism to many newspapers and magazines , including Harpers and Queen , Time Out , Plays and Players , the New Statesman and The Times . In 1986 they joined the founding team of The Independent as theatre and radio critic .
By then they had been working for several years as a dramatist , principally for BBC Radio 4 , although a TV play was broadcast by the Thames in 1981 . Blue Pacific Island ( 1985 ) , with Juliet Stevenson and Anthony Bate , was followed by the trilogy A Man Alone in 1986 , the first play of which won them a Giles Cooper Award . King Priam , a one-hour account of the Trojan War , written as a series of interconnected monologues by the leading participants , in response to a blind-date commission , and starring Paul Scofield , was broadcast in 1987 . It led – though with many false starts and delays – to 1998 's four-and-a-half-hour , three-play sequence , Troy , for BBC Radio 3 , which won great critical acclaim , being praised by one critic as `` the greatest radio drama [ anyone ] could ever hear . '' Ken Garner , reviewing in The Express on Sunday wrote that it was `` Easily the radio drama event of the year ... a triumph . No one could have wanted this compulsive , gripping epic a second shorter ... a Trojan War for our time '' , while Anne Karpf , reviewing the plays in The Guardian described them as `` Irresistible . A magnificent marriage of the epic and demotic . Is there anywhere else in the world that this kind of work can be found ? Radio 3 : trail this , promote it , cherish it , and above all repeat it . ''
Troy was given a rehearsed reading at the Chichester Festival Theatre in 2000 and workshopped at the National Theatre Studio the following year . A one-woman show drawn from Troy by actor Gina Landor has been seen in London , New York , Rome , New Delhi and Belgrade .
A further thematically linked three-play sequence set in the ancient world and was broadcast by Radio 3 at Easter 2004 . The first of these , Dionysos , was the third of their projects to feature Scofield , this time in one of their final roles . Dionysos was accompanied by The Art of Love , about the clash between the poet Ovid and the emperor Augustus , and Resurrection , about the confrontation between Pilate and Christ . One critic described them as being `` about transitions between old gods and new , state powers and spiritual forces '' .
Four of Andrew Rissik 's works have so far been published in 2015 by Scriptusbooks : the Troy trilogy , Dionysos , The Art of Love and Resurrection .
Other work
A boyhood enthusiasm for the early James Bond films led to two pieces of work of their own : a book length study of Sean Connery 's films , The James Bond Man , published in 1983 , and a five-part BBC radio thriller , The Psychedelic Spy in 1990 , set in 1968 , and starring several names from cult TV and film of the period – Gerald Harper , Joanna Lumley , Charles Gray and Ed Bishop .
In 1986 they wrote a spoken text for Howard Goodall 's new realisation of Purcell 's Dido And Aeneas for The South Bank Show , and , in 1994 , a script for an episode of the Terry Wogan -hosted Do The Right Thing .
Drama
1981 Friends And Other Lovers Thames TV
1984 Louise and the Puppet Man BBC Radio 4
1985 Blue Pacific Island BBC Radio 4
1986 Dido and Aeneas ( adaptn . ) South Bank Show , LWT
1986 A Man Alone trilogy BBC Radio 4
1987 King Priam BBC Radio 4
1990 The Psychedelic Spy BBC Radio 4
1994 Do The Right Thing BBC1
1996 Troy trilogy BBC Radio 3
1998 The Birth of Paris
1998 The Death of Achilles
1998 Helen at Ephesus
2000 The Rector 's Tale for BBC Radio 4 's 2000 Tales
2003 Dionysos BBC Radio 3
2003 Jocasta BBC Radio 3
2004 The Art of Love BBC Radio 3
2004 Resurrection BBC Radio 3
Publications
The James Bond Man : The Films Of Sean Connery , Elm Tree Books , 1983
Best Radio Plays Of 1986 , ed . Nick Hern , Methuen , 1987
Troy , a trilogy of plays [ King Priam and their sons ; the Death of Achilles ; Helen at Ephesus ] Scriptusbooks , 2015
Dionysos Scriptusbooks , 2015
The Art of Love Scriptusbooks , 2015
Resurrection Scriptusbooks , 2015
References
1955 births
People educated at Harrow College
Alumni of Christ Church , Oxford
English art critics
English dramatists and playwrights
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Local elections was held in the city of Valenzuela on May 14 , 2007 within the Philippine general election . The voters voted for the elective local posts in the city : the mayor , vice mayor , two Congressmen , and the councilors—six in each of the city 's two legislative districts .
Election results
The winners of the congressional , mayoral and vice mayoral seats of Valenzuela City are determined with the highest number of votes received . These positions are voted for separately , so there is a possibility that the winning officials come from different political parties .
Mayoral election
Incumbent Sherwin T. Gatchalian ran for re-election . Their primary opponent was former mayor Jose Emmanuel `` Bobbit '' L. Carlos .
Congressional elections
First district
Incumbent representative Bobbit Carlos ran for mayor , first district candidates include incumbent mayor Sherwin 's brother , Rexlon , and barangay councilor Eddie Lozada .
Second district
Magtanggol Gunigundo is the incumbent . Their opponent was Wes Gatchalian , brother of incumbent mayor Win and Rex .
City council elections
The voters in the city are set to elect six councilors on the district where they are living , hence registered . Candidates are voted separately so there are chances where winning candidates will have the unequal number of votes and may come from different political parties .
First district council
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=5|
Second district council
|-bgcolor=black
|colspan=5|
2007 elections in Metro Manila
