The Telus Skins Game was a Canadian annual summer golf event , sponsored by Telus , and officially known as the Telus World Skins Game . It was hosted at a different golf course each year within Canada .
Between 2006 and 2012 , the Telus Skins Game incorporated a `` world '' theme , which incorporated five golfers from different countries .
In May 2013 , it was announced that the Skins Game would not be played after Telus decided not to renew its deal as title sponsor .
History
2012 Glen Arbour Golf Course , Halifax , Nova Scotia
2011 Banff Springs Golf Course , Banff , Alberta
2010 Bear Mountain Resort , Victoria , British Columbia
2009 La Tempête Golf Club , Lévis , Quebec
2008 Predator Ridge Resort , Vernon , BC
2007 The Raven Golf Club at Lora Bay , Town of the Blue Mountains , ON
2006 The Fairmont Banff Springs Golf Course , Banff , AB
2005 Nicklaus North Golf Club , Whistler , BC
* No player won the skin on the 18th hole . The players decided to give the money to charity .
2004 Club de Golf Le Fontainebleau , Blainville , Quebec
2003 Royal Niagara Golf Club , Niagara-on-the-Lake , Ontario
2002 The Mark O'Meara Course at Delta Grandview Resort , Huntsville , Ontario
2001 Angus Glen Golf Club , Markham , Ontario
2000 Predator Ridge Resort , Okanagan Valley , B.C .
1999 Le Diable , Mont Tremblant , Quebec
1998 The Links at Crowbush Cove , Morell , P.E.I .
1997 Nicklaus North Golf Club , Whistler , B.C .
1996 Summerlea Golf Club , Vaudreuil-Dorion , Quebec
1995 The National Golf Club of Canada , Woodbridge , Ontario
1994 Richelieu Valley Golf Club , Sainte-Julie de Vercheres , Quebec
1993 Devil 's Pulpit Golf Club , Caledon , Ontario
References
External links
Unofficial money golf tournaments
Golf tournaments in Canada
Recurring sporting events established in 1993
1993 establishments in Canada
Kentucky Rumbler is a wooden roller coaster at Beech Bend Park in Warren County , Kentucky . It has a drop of 80 feet and a height of 96 feet . Before Kentucky Rumbler , the park did not have a signature ride , and it is the most popular ride in the park .
Voted the 5th best new ride in 2006 by Amusement Today , the Kentucky Rumbler broke records and set others when it opened .
History
Between 2000 and 2005 many improvements were made and many features were added to the park . By the end of 2005 , 40 rides had been added , including the new coaster the Wild Mouse , 500 campground spaces with modern amenities , renovated racing facilities , a water park and picnic pavilions .
The Jones family started talking about adding a wooden roller coaster to their park years before the Kentucky Rumbler was built . After they decided , Dallas Jones contacted Great Coasters International .
Vice President of Sales & Design Jeff Pike started working for GCII after college , under the tutelage of Mike Boodley . The Kentucky Rumbler was Pike 's first solo design .
The Rye Aeroplane is a long-defunct coaster in the city of Rye , New York . It served as the inspiration for parts of the ride , including the first drop . The Rumbler 's first drop is a mirror Image of the Aeroplane Coasters .
On October 28 , 2005 the park officially named their new wooden roller coaster “ Kentucky Rumbler ” . Derek Sailors from Surfside Beach , South Carolina , was the winner of the contest to name the ride . Beech Bend received thousands of entries for the contest from all over the world .
The Kentucky Rumbler opened in 2006 to great reviews . It was ranked in the Top Five New Rides in the World by Amusement Today magazine , for 2006 .
Design
Highlights of the ride include a world record three station fly-bys and an airplane style first drop . It reaches speeds of almost 50 miles per hour and features 30 track crossovers and twelve airtime hills .
The ride cost 4.6 million dollars . It is a wooden twister ( bobs ) coaster with a capacity of 480 guests per hour .
It has one vintage style 24 passenger Millennium Flyer trains , made up of 12 cars , that each seat two riders .
The maximum height is 96 feet with the first drop of 80.2 feet . Ride Time is approximately 90 seconds . The Track Length is 2,827 feet .
The Kentucky Rumbler was constructed with 80,000 bolts and 1.5 million nails .
Awards
Note : Kentucky Rumbler has not charted in the Golden Ticket Awards since 2017 .
References
Roller coasters in Kentucky
Roller coasters introduced in 2006
Dame Theresa Mary Marteau , ( born 7 March 1953 ) is a British health psychologist , professor , and director of the Behaviour and Health Research Unit at the University of Cambridge , Fellow and director of studies for Psychological and Behavioural Sciences at Christ 's College , Cambridge .
Education
Marteau was educated at St Michael 's Convent Grammar School , the London School of Economics and Political Science and Wolfson College , Oxford . They graduated with a bachelor 's degree in social psychology , a master 's in abnormal ( clinical ) psychology and a PhD in health psychology .
Career and research
Them first academic post was as a lecturer in health psychology at the Royal Free Hospital School of Medicine in 1986 , followed by a senior lectureship in 1993 then professorship at King 's College , London They left in 2010 to take up their current post at the University of Cambridge .
Marteau 's research focused initially on the behavioural impact of communicating personalised risk information about preventable diseases for risks that could be reduced were recipients to change their behaviour . The null findings led them to switch their research focus to developing and evaluating interventions that target non-conscious as opposed to the conscious processes targeted by risk information .
Awards and honours
Marteau was elected a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences , and a Fellow of the Academy of Social Sciences , both in 2001 .
They were appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2017 Queen 's Birthday Honours List . Them citation reads :
Professor Theresa Marteau , Director of the Behaviour and Health Research Unit at Cambridge University , is a distinguished health psychologist who has established a world-class behaviour change unit . They have demonstrated that Government policies should look at population-level interventions as well as those that focus on individuals , putting the concept of “ nudge ” into practice . They have been the Principal Investigator for the Wellcome Trust Centre for the Study of Incentives in Health and pioneered research into how the environment affects people 's behaviour .
Personal life
Marteau was in a partnership with Dr William Jonathan Boyce from 1983 until 1998 . They have two children .
References
External links
Professor Dame Theresa Marteau BSc , MSc , PhD , FMedSci , FAcSS , Christ 's College Cambridge
Living people
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences ( United Kingdom )
Fellows of the Academy of Social Sciences
Fellows of Christ 's College , Cambridge
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Alumni of Wolfson College , Oxford
1953 births
NIHR Senior Investigators
札幌コンテンポラリー ( English : Contemporary Sapporo ) is the tenth studio album by the American electronic musician Vektroid under the alias 情報デスクVIRTUAL ( English : Virtual Information Desk ) , released on April 20 , 2012 by the independent record label Beer on the Rug . Contemporary Sapporo is one of Vektroid 's most popular albums . The album was uploaded to both Beer on the Rug and Vektroid 's Bandcamp pages .
Track listing
Notes
The track `` 三更 '' is labeled as untitled on the Beer On The Rug release .
References
Vektroid albums
2012 albums
Austria is competing with 26 athletes at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
Medalists
The following Austrian competitors won medals at the games . In the by discipline sections below , medalists ' names are bolded .
Support
“ Project Rio 2016 ” was created by the government to support Paralympic athletes seeking to qualify for the Rio Games . The former Austrian Minister of Sport Gerald Klug met with Paralympians Andreas Onea
and Sabine Weber-Treiber as part of this program . The current Minister of Sports is Hans Peter Doskozil .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Men
Track & road events
Field events
Women
Field events
Paracanoe
Men
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014 , Austria qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements .
Road
Men
Track
Pursuit
Equestrian
The country qualified to participate in the team event at the Rio Games .
Rowing
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships . Austria qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the 2.4m event with a ninth-place finish overall and the first country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships . The boat was crewed by Sven Reiger .
Swimming
Swimmers Andreas Onea and Sabine Weber-Treiber were Paralympic swimmers who benefited from the Austrian government 's “ Project Rio 2016 ” .
Men
Women
Table tennis
Men
Women
Wheelchair tennis
Austria qualified two competitors in the men 's single event , Nico Langmann and Martin Legner .
Men
See also
Austria at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Austrian sport
The 2008 Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships was a professional tennis tournament played on Hard court . It was a fourteenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2008 ATP Challenger Series . It took place in Lexington , Kentucky , United States between 21 and 27 July 2008 .
Singles entrants
Seeds
Rankings are as of July 14 , 2008 .
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw :
Chase Buchanan
Amer Delić
Bryan Koniecko
Rhyne Williams
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw :
Somdev Devvarman
Alberto Francis
Justin O'Neal
Rylan Rizza
The following players received entry by special exempt :
Érik Chvojka
Toshihide Matsui
Champions
Men 's singles
Somdev Devvarman def . Robert Kendrick 6–3 , 6–3
Men 's doubles
Alessandro da Col / Andrea Stoppini def . Olivier Charroin / Érik Chvojka 6–2 , 2–6 , [ 10–8 ]
References
Steve G Tennis
Fifth Third Bank Tennis Championships
2008
Premnitz ( ) is a town in the Havelland district , in Brandenburg , Germany . It is situated on the river Havel , 8 km south of Rathenow , 21 km northwest of Brandenburg , and is only 75 km west of central Berlin , to where it is well connected by the railway and road networks . The surrounding landscape is very rural and forested in its makeup .
Overview
In order to counteract the economic impact of the decline of the synthetic fibres industry , a lot of effort is being expended so as to utilise a mix of industries , more in tune with the demand for industry that is in harmony with contemporary environmental policies . One such example is Firstwood : a factory which specialises in the thermo-treatment of soft , locally grown and harvested pine , so that it is as resilient to the elements as many of its hardwood alternatives .
It is also envisaged that because of the town 's proximity to Berlin and Potsdam , for example , and the development of high quality recreational facilities , Premnitz may be considered as a good place to live and commute to work , as an alternative to living in the city .
Demography
Sons and daughters of the city
Hans-Peter Grohganz ( 1948-1981 ) , died at the Berlin Wall
Karsten Heinz ( born 1960 ) , handball goalkeeper and coach
Anke Domscheit-Berg ( born 1968 ) , entrepreneur and politician
References
Localities in Havelland
Baljinder Singh ( born 18 September 1986 ) is an Indian athlete who competes in the 20 kilometres race walk event . They have qualified in the 20 kilometres race walk event at the London Olympics 2012 . Their personal best in this event is 1:22:12 .
Baljinder clocked a time of 1:25:39 in the 20 km walk event at the London Olympics and finished 43rd .
Personal life
They hail from Dera Bassi a town in the Mohali district near Chandigarh , Punjab , India . They got their sports training at Sports Authority of India , Bangalore centre under the tutelage of Ramakrishnan Gandhi .
See also
Athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Men 's 20 kilometres walk
References
External links
Living people
1986 births
Indian male racewalkers
Athletes from Punjab , India
People from Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar district
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of India
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2010 Asian Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for India
Asian Games competitors for India
George Barton Cutten ( 1874–1962 ) was a Canadian-born psychologist , moral philosopher , historian and university administrator . They were president of Acadia University from 1910 to 1922 and Colgate University from 1922 to 1942 .
Career
Born in Amherst , Nova Scotia , the son of a stipendiary magistrate , they were uncertain about what path their life should take . They had various jobs including reporter , salesperson , and pipe fitter before their uncle locked them in a room , refusing to let them out until they agreed to go to university . By the fall of 1892 , they had enrolled at Acadia University , Wolfville , where they joined the varsity rugby team and within three years had led the team to victory over rival Dalhousie University in 1895 . They earned their BA in 1896 and a year later they were ordained a Baptist minister .
They went on to Yale University and by 1902 they had earned a degree in divinity and a PhD in psychology . There they continued their outstanding career as a football player and , on Sundays , served as a preacher at local churches . Their thesis was titled The Psychology of Alcoholism which was published , in revised form , in 1907 . They were appointed professor of moral philosophy , but returned to Wolfville in 1910 to accept a position as president of the university . For more than a decade at Acadia , they actively supported the university 's sporting programs and opened the Memorial Gym in 1920 , a facility which continues to function today .
At the onset of the First World War , Cutten took time off to recruit for the war effort . In February 1916 , they asked the board at Acadia to grant him , `` a leave of absence to enable them to pursue recruitment full time '' This leave would be extended to June 1917 , and Cutten then took another leave to go to Halifax and help the city recover from the Halifax Explosion . Cutten actively encouraged students of Acadia to join the war effort as well . They would later become embroiled in a feud with Sir Sam Hughes over the breaking up of Nova Scotian battalions in order to reinforce other provincial battalions .
After twelve years at Acadia , in 1922 they moved to Hamilton , New York , where they had accepted the presidency of Colgate University . They altered the university admissions policy to block the admissions of African Americans and severely limited the admissions of Jewish students . Finding the university 's financial affairs in disorder they set out to turn its finances around . For the next seventeen years the school declared a surplus , in the meantime doubling its faculty , plant and assets . Their football teams also won championships . In 1928 , they introduced the `` Colgate Plan '' , an influential curriculum .
They retired from Colgate in 1942 .
Later work and personal life
In their retirement , Cutten devoted their efforts to a vocation entirely divorced from their academic pursuits . Arising from an interest in American silver which began in the 1930s , in which they amassed one of the finest private collections of their time , they published several pioneering works on the history of silver design and manufacture .
They were married to Minnie W. Brown who shared their passion for silver and contributed to their books on the subject . They had four children . They died in 1962 .
Legacy and latter reassessment
A women 's residence named after Cutten opened at Acadia University in 1975 . A residence hall complex and its associated dining hall at Colgate were named for them in 1966 . Controversy erupted over the name in 2001 and resulted in a serious debate about their role as a eugenicist . At issue was their statement to the Canadian Society of New York in 1923 that `` the melting pot is destructive to our race ... we must build up from our resources and conserve our race power , or else we must admit only such immigrants as shall strengthen and not weaken our race , or both . The danger the melting pot brings to the nation is the breeding out of the higher division of the white race and the breeding in of the lower divisions . '' They followed through with this belief by actively restricting racial diversity at the university . Though a substantial number of students organized and signed petitions calling for the renaming of the residence hall complex , the name remained at the time . However , in 2017 the hall was renamed by the Colgate Board of Trustees , after renewed advocacy by students , faculty , the University Planning Committee , and the Student Government Association .
Publications include
The Psychology of Alcoholism , Scribners , 1907 .
The Psychological Phenomena of Christianity , Scribners , 1908 , ( Review in The New York Times ) .
Three Thousand Years of Mental Healing , New York : C. Scribner 's sons , 1911 .
Mind , Its Origin and Goal , Yale University Press , 1925
The Threat of Leisure , Ayer , 1926 ( Google Books )
Speaking with Tongues Historically and Psychologically Considered , Yale , 1927
The Silversmiths of Utica , Hamilton , 1936
The Silversmiths of Georgia ( Together With Watchmakers and Jewellers ) , 1733–1850
The Silversmiths , Watchmakers and Jewellers of The State of New York Outside of New York City , private , 1939
Instincts and Religion , Harper and Brothers , 1940
Silversmiths of North Carolina 1696-1860 , 1948
Silversmiths of Virginia : Together With Watchmakers and Jewellers , 1694 to 1950 , 1952
References
External links
Canadian philosophers
20th-century Canadian historians
Canadian male non-fiction writers
People from Amherst , Nova Scotia
Writers from Nova Scotia
Psychology writers
Acadia University faculty
Canadian university and college chief executives
Presidents of Colgate University
Colgate University faculty
1874 births
1962 deaths
Identity was a planned massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) that was developed and published by Asylum Entertainment , Inc. for Microsoft Windows and macOS . In the game , players would have the freedom to do a variety of activities in an open world setting , including karaoke and paintballing and join a wide set of career options . The game was to allow players to customize and furnish their own homes . During its one month Kickstarter campaign , Identity raised CA $ 187,859 by 4,218 backers .
The Kickstarter promised a December 2016 release with full access for backers but failed to deliver its promise . In September 2018 the developers announced that the Town Square Module , an Early Access version of the game with limited features , would be available to those who pledged on the game 's Kickstarter campaign or paid a set fee two years after the promised Town Square 's release . It was released on Steam on November 30 , 2018 to a generally negative user response .
References
External links
Kickstarter page
Early access video games
Kickstarter-funded video games
Massively multiplayer online role-playing games
Upcoming video games
Dejongia lobidactylus is a moth of the family Pterophoridae . It is found in the north-eastern United States and central Canada ( Quebec and Ontario ) .
The wingspan is . The head is greyish-brown , with a white line over each eye . The thorax is brown , although much lighter posteriorly . The abdomen is dark brown , with diverging white lines on some segments . The forewings are dark cinnamon brown . An oblique stripe of pale yellow or white crosses the basal third of the first lobe , cutting the brown fringe on each side of the lobe . Traces of this stripe are sometimes seen on the second lobe , especially in the fringe on the hind margin . There are also indications of a second stripe on the outer third of the lobes , as shown by a few light scales and the white in the fringes , which are dark elsewhere except on the apical end of the costa . The hindwings and fringes are dark brown , with a cluster of black scales in the hind fringe a little beyond the middle , preceded by white and the fringe at the apex is also white .
Adults are on wing from June to August .
The larvae have been recorded feeding on the terminal buds Solidago species .
References
External links
Dejongia lobidactylus on Bug Guide
Image of Dejongia lobidactylus on PBase
Other images of Dejongia lobidactylus on PBase
Oxyptilini
Moths described in 1855
Taxa named by Asa Fitch
Moths of North America
David Lindsay-Abaire ( born November 14 , 1969 ) is an American playwright , lyricist and screenwriter . They received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 2007 for their play Rabbit Hole , which also earned several Tony Award nominations .
Early life and education
David Lindsay-Abaire was born David Abaire in Boston , Massachusetts and grew up in South Boston . They attended Milton Academy and concentrated in theatre at Sarah Lawrence College , from which they graduated in 1992 . They were accepted into the Lila Acheson Wallace American Playwrights Program at the Juilliard School , where they wrote under the tutelage of playwrights Marsha Norman and Christopher Durang from 1996 to 1998 .
Career
Lindsay-Abaire had their first theatrical success with Fuddy Meers , which was workshopped as part of the National Playwrights Conference at the Eugene O'Neill Theatre Center in 1998 under Artistic Director Lloyd Richards . The play premiered Off-Broadway at the Manhattan Theatre Club , running from November 2 , 1999 to January 2000 and transferred to the Minetta Lane Theatre on January 27 , 2000 , closing in April 2000 after 16 previews and 78 performances there . They returned to the Manhattan Theatre Club in 2001 with Wonder of the World , starring Sarah Jessica Parker , about a wife who suddenly leaves their husband and hops a bus to Niagara Falls in search of freedom , enlightenment , and the meaning of life .
Lindsay-Abaire also wrote Kimberly Akimbo ( 2000 ) , Dotting and Dashing ( 1999 ) , Snow Angel ( 1999 ) , and A Devil Inside ( Off-Broadway , 1997 ) . Among their early short plays , they wrote The Li ' l Plays ( 1997-1999 ) which are five comedic plays , each 10–15 minutes in length .
Their play Rabbit Hole premiered in 2006 on Broadway with Cynthia Nixon , Tyne Daly , and John Slattery , and won the 2007 Pulitzer Prize for Drama . It was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Play , as well as other Tony awards , and Cynthia Nixon won the 2006 Tony Award as Best Actress .
They wrote the book for the musical High Fidelity , which ran on Broadway in December 2006 .
They wrote the book and lyrics for the musical Shrek the Musical which ran on Broadway from November 8 , 2008 ( previews ) to January 3 , 2010 , with Lindsay-Abaire receiving a 2009 Tony Award nomination for Book of a Musical and in the West End in May 2011 . The musical ran for 441 performances on Broadway .
Good People officially opened on Broadway on March 3 , 2011 , with Frances McDormand and Tate Donovan in the lead roles . The play was nominated for the 2011 Tony Award , Best Play and won the 2011 Tony Award , Actress in a Play for McDormand .
Their play Ripcord opened Off-Broadway on October 20 , 2015 at the Manhattan Theatre Club in a limited engagement . Directed by David Hyde Pierce , the cast features Marylouise Burke , Rachel Dratch , Glenn Fitzgerald , and Holland Taylor . The play focuses on two roommates in a retirement home , who according to Variety `` devise dirty tricks ... to torment one another . ''
Among their influences , Lindsay-Abaire said : `` I love Chris 's [ Durang ] work . And I do n't think there 's been a piece written about me that has n't mentioned the fact that they and I live in the same world . But I think I 've also been influenced by John Guare and Tina Howe and older folks like Feydeau and Ionesco and Joe Orton . ''
Lindsay-Abaire has received commissions from Dance Theater Workshop and the Jerome Foundation . They have received awards from the Berilla Kerr Foundation , the Lincoln Center LeComte du Nuoy Fund , Mixed Blood Theater , Primary Stages , the Eugene O'Neill Theatre Center , the Tennessee Williams/ New Orleans Literary Festival , and the South Carolina Playwrights Festival .
Film
Lindsay-Abaire wrote the screenplay of the 2010 film adaptation of their play Rabbit Hole , which starred Nicole Kidman . Their other screenplays have tended to be in the children 's fantasy and science fiction genres , including the animated film Robots ( 2005 ) , written with Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel , Inkheart ( 2008 ) , based on the novel of the same name , the animated film Rise of the Guardians ( 2012 ) , based on a story by co-director William Joyce , and Oz the Great and Powerful ( 2013 ) , written with Mitchell Kapner . They also wrote the screenplay for the 2015 horror remake Poltergeist.man
Personal life
Lindsay-Abaire and their wife , Christine , live in Brooklyn , New York . In 2016 , Lindsay-Abaire was named co-director of Juilliard 's Lila Acheson Wallace American Playwrights Program .
Theatre works ( selected )
A Devil Inside – 1997 , Off-Broadway
Fuddy Meers – 1999 , Off-Broadway
Snow Angel – 1999 , Regional
Kimberly Akimbo – 2000 , Off-Broadway
Wonder of the World – 2001 , Off-Broadway
Rabbit Hole – 2006 , Broadway
High Fidelity ( musical ) – 2006 , Broadway
Shrek the Musical ( musical ) – 2008 , Broadway
Good People – 2011 , Broadway
Ripcord – 2015 , Off-Broadway
Kimberly Akimbo '' ( musical ) – 2021 , Off-Broadway
References
External links
1969 births
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
Living people
Milton Academy alumni
Writers from Boston
Pulitzer Prize for Drama winners
Sarah Lawrence College alumni
Juilliard School alumni
American male screenwriters
American male dramatists and playwrights
Animation screenwriters
People from South Boston
20th-century American male writers
Screenwriters from Massachusetts
People from Brooklyn
Pearson is an unincorporated community in the town of Ainsworth , Langlade County , Wisconsin , United States . Pearson is west of Pickerel and north-northeast of Antigo , the county seat of Langlade County . The community is situated on Pickerel Creek near its confluence with the Wolf River . County Highway T runs through Pearson ; the closest state highway to the community is Wisconsin State Highway 55 in Pickerel . Pearson had a post office , which closed on May 4 , 1996 ; ZIP code 54462 still serves the community . The Northeast Illinois Council of the Boy Scouts of America runs a summer camp , Ma-Ka-Ja-Wan Scout Reservation , in Pearson .
References
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Langlade County , Wisconsin
Back 2 the Future is a compilation album by Cosmic Gate that includes remixes of some of their older songs , such as Fire Wire , Exploration of Space , Human Beings and The Drums . The tracks were remixed by other well-established DJs , such as Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike , John O'Callaghan , Markus Schulz , Arnej and others . It was released on February 22 , 2011 .
Track listing
Disc 1
Exploration of Space ( Cosmic Gate 's Back 2 the Future Remix )
Fire Wire ( Cosmic Gate 's Back 2 The Future Remix )
Raging ( Duderstadt Remix )
Back to Earth ( Jochen Miller Remix )
Human Beings ( Estiva Remix )
The Truth ( Cold Blue Remix )
Fire Wire ( Rank 1 Remix )
The Drums ( Markus Schulz Remix )
Melt to the Ocean ( John O'Callaghan 's Main Room Remix )
Disc 2
Back to Earth ( Arty Remix )
Fire Wire ( Wippenberg Remix )
Raging ( Alexander Popov Remix )
Exploration of Space ( Spencer & Hill Remix )
The Drums ( Robbie Rivera Juicy Mofo Remix )
Fire Wire ( DJ Delicious ReWire Fire Mix )
Human Beings ( Daniel Kandi 's Human Society Remix )
Exploration of Space ( Dirty Herz Rave-O-Lution Remix )
Fire Wire ( Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike Remix )
Human Beings ( Arnej Remix )
References
Cosmic Gate albums
2011 compilation albums
The Marro is an Italian river in the province of Reggio Calabria . It is one of the source rivers of the Petrace . Its source is south of Cittanova and north of the Aspromonte . It has two tributaries which flow north from their sources in the Aspromonte into the Marro . The Marro flows northwest and empties into the Petrace south of Gioia Tauro .
References
Rivers of the Province of Reggio Calabria
Drainage basins of the Tyrrhenian Sea
Rivers of Italy
The 2017 SEABA Under-16 Championship was the qualifying tournament for Southeast Asia Basketball Association at the 2017 FIBA Under-16 Asian Championship . The tournament was held in Quezon City , Philippines from May 14 to 18 . The Smart Araneta Coliseum was the venue of the five-team competition , coinciding with the 2017 SEABA Championship .
The Philippines won their fourth straight title after winning all of their games in the tournament . Malaysia placed second while Thailand finished third . The top two teams will represent SEABA to the Asian tournament .
Venue
Results
Final standings
References
2017
International basketball competitions hosted by the Philippines
2017–18 in Asian basketball
2017–18 in Philippine basketball
Sport in Quezon City
May 2017 sports events in Asia
These are the results of 2021 BWF World Senior Championships ' 40+ events .
Men 's singles
Oliver Colin ( Fourth Round )
Conrad Hückstädt ( Quarter-finals )
Naruenart Chuaymak ( Bronze medalist )
Morten Eilby Rasmussen ( Fourth Round )
Marcus Jansson ( Fourth Round )
Alex Marritt ( Silver medalist )
Björn Wippich ( Third Round )
Casper Lund ( Gold medalist )
Juuso Atrila ( Fourth Round )
Abhinn Shyam Gupta ( Quarter-finals )
Jhony Hidayat ( Forth Round )
Dawid Krawiec ( Third Round )
Tryggvi Nielsen ( Second Round )
Eric Wasylyk ( Quarter-finals )
Fredrik du Hane ( Withdrew )
Antti Koljonen ( Fourth Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Women 's singles
Seeds
Claudia Vogelgsang ( Gold medalist )
Katja Wengberg ( Quarter-finals )
Dominika Guzik-Płuchowska ( Bronze medalist )
Stefanie Schmidt ( Bronze medalist )
Stephanie Cloarec ( Silver medalist )
Pooja Mehta ( Quarter-finals )
Ulla Pedersen ( Third Round )
Cecilia Närfors ( Third Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Men 's doubles
Seeds
Tommy Sørensen / Jesper Thomsen ( Gold medalists )
Esben B. Kæmpegaard / Morten Eilby Rasmussen ( Third Round )
Samir Abbasi / Upendra Fadnis ( Bronze medalists )
Marcus Jansson / Björn Sidfalk ( Quarter-finals )
Mark Constable / Alex Marritt ( Quarter-finals )
Tihomir Kirov / Plamen Mihalev ( Quarter-finals )
Florian Körber / Björn Wippich ( Third Round )
Oliver Colin / Eric Wasylyk ( Third Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women 's doubles
Seeds
Drífa Harðardóttir / Elsa Nielsen ( medalists )
Claudia Vogelgsang / Katja Wengberg ( Bronze medalists )
Mhairi Armstrong / Suzanne Brewer ( Bronze medalists )
Sarah Burgess / Claire Royall ( Second Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Alex Marritt / Rebecca Pantaney ( Silver medalists )
Mark King / Mhairi Armstrong ( Third Round )
Esben B. Kæmpegaard / Helle Kæmpegaard ( Quarter-finals )
Morten Eilby Rasmussen / Claudia Vogelgsang ( Bronze medalists )
Stefan Edvardsson / Katja Wengberg ( Third Round )
Björn Wippich / Jessica Willems ( Second Round )
Mark Constable / Lynne Swan ( Bronze medalists )
Paul Freeman / Sarah Burgess ( Second Round )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
Men 's singles
Women 's singles
Men 's doubles
Women 's doubles
Mixed doubles
2021 BWF World Senior Championships
Jason Lyle Black is an American pianist , composer , and Billboard-charting artist .
Biography
Black grew up in Livermore , California . They participated in the final round of the 73rd Scripps National Spelling Bee in 2000 . Black started learning how to play the piano at age 8 , and started playing it backwards at age 14 . They went to college at Brigham Young University , where they played concerts and studied accounting . After graduating in 2012 , they became a Certified Public Accountant , but then decided to focus their career on becoming a touring musician .
Discography
In 2016 , Black signed to Stone Angel Music , releasing album Piano Preludes in May , from producer Paul Cardall . The album featured the violinist Jenny Oaks Baker as a guest soloist . Piano Preludes debuted at # 2 on the Billboard New Age chart , spending three weeks in the # 2 spot . Music critic Kathy Parsons called the album `` masterful '' , and Deseret News reporter Sydney Cobb called it `` peaceful . ''
Black is also known for their viral videos based on songs from the movies Frozen and Up . and for their performance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show . Black has previously won the Utah Music Awards .
Personal life
Black grew up in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . Two of Black 's grandparents are accomplished pianists . Black has been involved in serving the special needs community .
References
Living people
People from Livermore , California
American accountants
American classical pianists
American male classical pianists
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
American spellers
Musicians from California
New-age pianists
Brigham Young University alumni
Latter Day Saints from California
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Alfred Docwra Turner ( 25 June 1879–1926 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Bristol City and Nottingham Forest .
References
1879 births
1926 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Watford F.C . players
Upton Park F.C . players
Nottingham Forest F.C . players
Bristol City F.C . players
Bath City F.C . players
Illyrian education is a term in the field of the history of education and pedagogical thought that denotes the totality of forms , organizations and educational institutions in the Illyria and among Illyrians . In the early periods , the education in Illyria and among the Illyrians was under the influence of Greek education , while later it was under the influence of Roman culture . Based on the latest scientific research and discoveries in various aspects of Illyrology : historical , archeological , epigraphic , linguistic , paleographic , etc. , it has become possible to better summarize the Illyrian educational system . Illyrian education stretches over a period of time between the 8th century BCE , when the Illyrian culture began to flourish , and the 7th century CE , when the Illyrians are last mentioned in historical sources . In general , it can be said that education among the Illyrians was developed starting from a level of family and informal education towards an organized , institutional , and formal educational system .
Ancient Illyrian education
To the Illyrians as well as to other ancient peoples , the main centers of organized activity became organized cities in the form of provincial communities known as koinons . Archaeological research proves the existence of the gymnasium in the Greek colony of Apollonia since the end of the 6th century BC . Later , gymnasiums and other educational institutions were opened in cities such as Amantia , Byllis , Durrës , Epidaurum , Nikaia , Historical evidence speaks of the Hellenistic School of Apollonia , in which in 44 Julius Caesar 's nephew , Octavian Augustus , was also a student , probably because in this educational institution taught prominent scholars of the time . The school of Apollonia was a philosophical-rhetorical school in which students learned knowledge from fields such as philosophy , oratory ( rhetoric ) , literature and language . The ancient Greek geographer and historian Strabo in their work Geographica describes it as `` a city with good laws '' ( polis eunomotate ) . Even the Roman orator Cicero , who had visited these areas in 58 in their work Philipicae , described Apollonia as a `` great and majestic city '' ( ) with a school of philosophy and oratory . The existence of libraries and stadiums has been proven in some Illyrian cities . In different historical periods , Greek and Roman educational institutions functioned in Illyria in which the children of the rich Illyrian strata attended classes .
Meanwhile , the great philosopher and teacher of ancient Greece , Aristotle , author of several writings dedicated to the Illyrians , among which the Constitution of Dyrrahium and the Constitution of the Mollosians are also spoken about the ancient city of Durrës . In their works Aristotle sometimes takes Durrës as an example of internal governance . While the poet Catullus called Durrës `` the Adriatic tavern '' ( ) , Cicero describes it as an `` admirable city '' ( ) .
The functioning of a regular educational system helped in the development of higher forms of culture . The main cities never lacked stoas ( promenades ) , which were public buildings for the development of political , literary and philosophical conversations . Thus , e.g . Byllis stoa , 144m long , was two-storey and with two crossings , separated by a colonnade , for the movement of citizens . Stoas ( promenades ) have also been discovered in Nikaia , Dimale etc . In the main cities there were also theaters , which were calculated not only for the population of the cities , but also of the villages . This is evidenced by the capacity of the Bylis theater with 7500 seats , at a time when the population of the city itself was 10-15 thousand inhabitants . It is understood that most of the spectators were from rural areas . The massive character of the participation shows at the same time that the performances were not intended for a cultured elite , who could follow the plays in the language of Aeschylus , Sophocles , and Euripides , but , in the local language , understandable to all . This is a proof of the existence of a dramatic literature in the Illyrian language . In general , the political , cultural and religious life in the Illyrian civic communities took place in gymnasiums , promenades , theaters , stadiums , temples , etc . In general , prominent scholars and personalities , distinguished military commanders and statesmen ( kings ) emerged from the Illyrian schools and educational system .
Illyrian educational system
Family education
The education of children in the family was the first phase that includes the period from birth to the age of 7 years . During this period , the children of the Illyrians were educated in the family , by their parents and / or grandparents , but the mother ( Illyrian woman ) had a special educational role . It is known that the Illyrian woman in the family and in society enjoyed special respect . Ancient Greek and Roman authors , archaeological discoveries , and contemporary scholars confirm that women in the Illyrian world had more rights than ancient Greek or Roman women . Among other things , they enjoyed the right of inheritance , starting from the family to the highest governing bodies of the state . Such examples are Teuta , Beroea , Birkena , etc . According to Cicero , Illyrian women were `` as powerful and industrious as their husbands , they guarded cattle , brought wood to their hearths , and prepared food . They breastfed their own children , even their twins . '' After this period the children of free citizens , of the middle and upper classes of Illyrian society continued their education in grammar schools .
Primary education
Primary or elementary schools were privately owned schools , in which Illyrian children aged 7-11 attended Greek schools . During this period , particular attention was paid to the teaching of literacy and counting . Small wooden boards painted with a layer of beeswax as well as pens , which were sharp metal or bone ( pencil ) tools in the shape of a pencil , were used as writing tools .
Palaestra
The Palaestra was the third phase of the educational system in which children from the age of 12-14 attended classes . Even these educational institutions were usually private and in Greek . During this period special attention was paid to the physical development of young people , mainly through gymnastic exercises and athletics . Their primary goal was to form a strong , stable , agile personality with a beautiful body .
Gymnasium
The gymnasium was the fourth phase of the educational system in which young people aged 15-17 attended classes . The education in the gymnasium was done in Greek under the care of the gymnasiarch , while special attention was paid to the physical , military and mental ( intellectual ) preparation of the young people , through running , jumping , javelin and discus , philosophical , literary and juridical-political conversations with learned people of time , etc .
Ephebos
Ephebos was the fifth stage when young people , usually men , attended school in Greek from the age of 18-20 . During this period , the physical and military training of the youth continued , the first year under the direction of the gymnasium and the second year in the border units known as peripoles under the direction of the peripolarch . The main aim of this period was to prepare capable fighters for the defense of their city-state in case of need . Due to the importance of ephebos , the preparation of young people in this period took place under the direct care of the Illyrian state and civic communities .
Illyrian educators
Cratillus , son of Machatas
Cratillus , son of Machatas was a gymnasiarch from the Illyrian city of Nikaia who lived in the 3rd century BC . Their name is mentioned in an inscription found in the Illyrian castle of Klos in Mallakastër . The Illyrian city of Nikaia has been identified here , and during archaeological excavations , an inscription of the 3rd century BC was found and which mentions , besides the main officials of the city , the gymnasiarch named Cratillus , son of Machatas , in charge of education and physical-military training of the youth . To further prove this fact , a second-century inscription was found in the Greek city of Oropos , where a young man from the city of Nikaia was the first to be listed among the winners of the Amphiaraos festival . `` It was also an honor for the city gymnasium , where the champion was prepared . ''
Mark Lugari
Mark Lugari was a teacher from the city of Apollonia who lived in the late 3rd and early 2nd century BC . During the archeological excavations in the tomb of the teacher Mark Lugari , the writing tools that were used by the students in the school at that time were discovered . On the belt of this teacher hung a leather holder , in the holes of which were inserted writing sheets of papyrus or parchment , collected in a cylindrical shape . At the end was a metal hook for catching squid and holding a pencil ( pen ) . On their tombstone , the stonemason also carved a diptych ( quadrangular writing board ) there . In this way are given both ways in which it was written at that time . Both forms were expensive for beginners to use . Therefore the most practical were the wax-painted quadrangular tables where the letters were scratched with the tip of a pencil .
Nicetas of Remesiana
Nicetas ( c. 335–414 ) was Bishop of Remesiana , ( present-day Bela Palanka , Serbia ) , which was then in the Roman province of Dacia Mediterranea . According to reliable sources of archaeo-musicology , including those British , French and Italian , Nicetas has written , “ I am Dardanian ” ( ) .
Nicetas promoted Latin sacred music for use during the Eucharistic worship and reputedly composed a number of liturgical hymns , among which some twentieth-century scholars number the major Latin Christian hymn of praise , Te Deum , traditionally attributed to Ambrose and Augustine . They are presumed to be the missionary to the barbarian Thracian tribe of the Bessi .
Lengthy excerpts survive of their principal doctrinal work , Instructions for Candidates for Baptism , in six books . They show that they stressed the orthodox position in trinitarian doctrine . They contain the expression `` communion of saints '' about the belief in a mystical bond uniting both the living and the dead in a certain hope and love . No evidence survives of previous use of this expression , which has since played a central role in formulations of the Christian creed . Their feast day as a saint is on 22 June .
Jerome of Stridon
Jerome ( ; ; ; – 30 September 420 ) , also known as Jerome of Stridon , was a Christian priest , confessor , theologian , and historian ; they are commonly known as Saint Jerome .
Jerome was born at Stridon ( Illyricum ) , a village near Emona on the border of Dalmatia and Pannonia . They are best known for their translation of most of the Bible into Latin ( the translation that became known as the Vulgate ) and their commentaries on the whole Bible . Jerome attempted to create a translation of the Old Testament based on a Hebrew version , rather than the Septuagint , as Latin Bible translations used to be performed before him . Their list of writings is extensive , and beside their Biblical works , they wrote polemical and historical essays , always from a theologian 's perspective .
Jerome was known for their teachings on Christian moral life , especially to those living in cosmopolitan centers such as Rome . In many cases , they focused their attention on the lives of women and identified how a woman devoted to Jesus should live their life . This focus stemmed from their close patron relationships with several prominent female ascetics who were members of affluent senatorial families .
Due to Jerome 's work , they are recognised as a saint and Doctor of the Church by the Catholic Church , and as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church , the Lutheran Church , and the Anglican Communion . Their feast day is 30 September ( Gregorian calendar ) .
Saint Hieronymus , also contributed in the field of education , pedagogy and culture . As a Christian scholar they detailed their pedagogy of girls in numerous letters throughout their life . They did not believe the body in need of training , and thus advocated for fasting and mortification to subdue the body . They only recommend the Bible as reading material , with limited exposure , and cautions against musical instruments . They advocate against letting girls interact with society , and of having `` affections for one of their companions than for others . '' They do recommend teaching the alphabet by ivory blocks instead of memorization so `` She will thus learn by playing . '' They are an advocate of positive reinforcement , stating `` Do not chide them for the difficulty they may have in learning . On the contrary , encourage them by commendation ... ''
See also
Illyrology
Illyrian kingdom
Roman Illyricum
Culture of ancient Illyria
Education in ancient Rome
Education in ancient Greece
Ancient higher-learning institutions
References
Citations
Bibliography
Gross , Ernie ( 1990 ) This Day In Religion . New York : Neal-Schuman Publications ,
Illyria
Illyrians
History of education
Education in classical antiquity
History of education in Europe
Oxford Student Publications Ltd ( OSPL ) is an independent student publishing house in Oxford that publishes the Cherwell student newspaper , Isis student magazine , The Oxford Scientist , formerly Bang Science Magazine , Keep Off the Grass freshers ' magazine and Industry fashion magazine .
The company is wholly independent and is run entirely by students of the University of Oxford . In 1961 , OSPL was established as a holding company for Cherwell newspaper and acquired the ISIS brand in the late 1990s . The business is a private company limited by guarantee and registered at Companies House .
OSPL 's income comes from subscriptions and advertising ; the company receives no subsidy from Oxford University . All profits are put back into media production and into ensuring the long-term well-being of the company . Very few major student newspapers operate in this fashion and the continued success and financial viability of OSPL pays testament to its ability to attract the most capable Oxford students as journalists and managers .
Notable alumni
Notable journalistic/editorial contributors to Cherwell newspaper and Isis magazine are listed elsewhere . Notable alumni once involved in OSPL 's business activities include :
Lord Heseltine , Haymarket chairperson and Conservative peer ;
Rupert Murdoch , chairperson and CEO of News Corporation ;
John Redwood , former Conservative leadership contender
Katie Ghose , Chairman of OSPL in 1990 and Chief Executive of the Electoral Reform Society .
Felicity Cloake , freelance food journalist , Guardian columnist and author of several cookbooks .
References
External links
Oxford Student Publications Limited website
Cherwell online
ISIS magazine
History of the Cherwell newspaper
Oxford Student Publications Limited on Facebook
1961 establishments in England
Publishing companies established in 1961
Companies based in Oxford
Companies associated with the University of Oxford
Oxford Student Publications Limited
Oxford Student Publications Limited
Publishing companies of the United Kingdom
Gosforth High may refer to :
Gosforth High School , A high school in Gosforth , Newcastle upon Tyne , England
Gosforth High Street , The High Street in the Gosforth suburb of Newcastle upon Tyne , England
Bullitt County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2020 census , the population was 82,217 . Its county seat is Shepherdsville . The county was founded in 1796 . Located just south of the city of Louisville , Bullitt County is included in the Louisville/Jefferson County , KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area , commonly known as Kentuckiana . The western fifth of the county ( 62 sq . miles/ ) is part of the United States Army post of Fort Knox and is reserved for military training .
History
The first inhabitants of the land that would become Bullitt County were the Paleo-Indians who entered North America approximately 11,500 to 10,000 years BP . These people , whose ancestors can be traced back to Eastern and Central Asia , were nomadic . They were hunters and gatherers whose remains have been discovered near the area 's mineral springs or salt licks , where big game such as the mammoth , bison and ground sloth once gathered . Native Americans were their descendants , including the Shawnee people , who probably considered this region part of their homeland and certainly valued it as a hunting ground .
Both France and Britain had traders and colonists who encountered the Shawnee . European colonization of the Americas led to competing claims between those nations to the lands west of the Appalachians and east of the Mississippi River . After suffering defeat by Great Britain in the Seven Years ' War ( known as the French and Indian War in its North American front ) , France ceded control in 1763 of its claimed territories .
For thousands of years before the county 's formation , nutrient-rich salt licks attracted large herds of bison and other game to the area . Native American tribes made it their hunting grounds , as did the 18th century longhunter . In 1773 , after the French and Indian War , the Virginia governor sent Captain Thomas Bullitt ( uncle to Alexander Scott Bullitt ) into the area to survey for land grants . The most historic of the county 's salt licks , Bullitt 's Lick , is named after him . As the Revolutionary War led to widespread salt shortages , the Lick became the site of Kentucky 's first industry , attracting many settlers to the area .
Colonial veterans of the war were promised land in what was later called Kentucky . Bullitt 's Lick became an important saltwork to the region ; its salt was harvested and sent by pack train and flatboat as far off as Illinois to the west . The Bullitt 's Lick saltwork was Kentucky 's first industry and in production until around 1830 . By that time , the steamboat and importing of salt brought access to less expensive sources .
The first settlement of the area was also the first station on the Wilderness Road between Harrodsburg and the Falls of the Ohio . It was a fort called Brashear 's Station or the Salt River Garrison , built in 1779 at the mouth of Floyd 's Fork . Most of the county was settled after the American Revolutionary War . Shepherdsville , named after Adam Shepherd , a prosperous businessman who purchased the land near the Falls of Salt River in 1793 , is the oldest town and became the county seat .
In December 1796 the county of Bullitt , named after Thomas Bullitt 's nephew and Kentucky 's first Lieutenant Governor Alexander Scott Bullitt , was organized from land taken from Jefferson and Nelson counties through an act approved on December 13 , 1796 , by the Kentucky General Assembly . In 1811 , the northwestern area of the county expanded to include land given by Jefferson County . In 1824 , an eastern area of the county was given to help form Spencer County .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.1 % ) is water . The county is located in the far western Bluegrass region known as the Knobs .
Adjacent counties
Jefferson County – ( north )
Spencer County – ( east )
Nelson County – ( southeast )
Hardin County – ( southwest )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 61,236 people , 22,171 households , and 17,736 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 23,160 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.07 % White , 0.38 % Black or African American , 0.34 % Native American , 0.27 % Asian , 0.01 % Pacific Islander , 0.16 % from other races , and 0.77 % from two or more races . 0.63 % of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race .
There were 22,171 households , out of which 39.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 65.40 % were married couples living together , 10.40 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 20.00 % were non-families . 16.40 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 5.40 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.75 and the average family size was 3.07 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 27.20 % under the age of 18 , 8.60 % from 18 to 24 , 32.70 % from 25 to 44 , 23.70 % from 45 to 64 , and 7.80 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females , there were 98.90 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 97.20 males . It can be noted in the chart , the population surge in the 1970s . The few years of forced school racial integration in adjoining Jefferson County , known locally as 'bussing ' , had many with school age children relocating to Bullitt County in order to prevent their children from being 'bussed ' .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 50,058 ( 2005 ) , and the median income for a family was $ 49,481 . Males had a median income of $ 35,851 versus $ 24,098 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,339 . About 6.20 % of families and 7.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 11.40 % of those under age 18 and 7.60 % of those age 65 or over .
Law and government
Political Culture
Public safety
There are several police agencies in Bullitt County . The primary law enforcement agency in the county is the Bullitt County Sheriff . The Sheriff 's Office is an elected position and is staffed by 34 deputy sheriffs , and four office staff . There are also 9 deputies and court certified security officers who provide courthouse security . The Sheriff 's Office provides patrol , crime prevention , criminal investigation ; and all other police related functions in the county . The primary areas for the sheriff 's patrol division are the unincorporated areas in Bullitt County they also provide backup for the various city police agencies . Since 1989 the Sheriff 's Office has been contracted by the County Fiscal Court to provide the county police force to the citizens of Bullitt County after the County Police Department was folded . The County Sheriff 's Office has deputies assigned to the drug task force , arson task force , accident reconstruction team , rapid response team , technical operations , ATV squad , boat patrol , hostage negotiations , and an incident command team .
Fire protection is provided by both Kentucky Chapter 75 and 95 Districts and Departments . Zoneton Fire Protection District , Mt Washington Fire District , and the Shepherdsville Fire Department are currently staffed with a 24-hour professional firefighting staff . Nichols , Southeast Bullitt , and Lebanon Junction are all volunteer-based .
Mt Washington Fire District
Nichols Fire District
Southeast Bullitt Fire Department
Shepherdsville Fire Department
Lebanon Junction Fire Department
The Bullitt County Emergency Medical Service ( BCEMS ) provides emergency medical care and transport in Bullitt County .
Mount Washington Fire and EMS was founded in 2021 and provides EMS services to the Mount Washington Fire Protection District . They staff two ALS ambulances 24/7 . They also provide mutual aid to the remainder of Bullitt County .
Economy
Bullitt County , which is bisected by I-65 , the main north–south transportation corridor , has grown into a thriving distribution hub , and several of its major business parks are approximately from Louisville International Airport and UPS ' global air-freight hub Worldport . More than of distribution , warehousing and other complexes have been built and absorbed in Bullitt County since 2000 , and additional construction is ongoing .
Bullitt County residents have easy access to major job centers such as Elizabethtown , Fort Knox , and Louisville .
Education
Bullitt County is served by Bullitt County Public Schools , except for parts in Fort Knox , which are served by the Department of Defense Education Activity ( DoDEA ) .
There are six county middle schools :
Bernheim Middle School
Bullitt Lick Middle School
Eastside Middle School
Hebron Middle School
Mount Washington Middle School
Zoneton Middle School
There are four county high schools :
Bullitt Central High School , located in Shepherdsville , opened in 1970
Bullitt East High School , located in Mount Washington
North Bullitt High School , located in Hebron Estates ( served by the Shepherdsville post office )
Riverview High School ( formerly 3 different schools )
Fort Knox Middle High School is the high school for Fort Knox .
Communities
Cities
Fox Chase
Hebron Estates
Hillview
Hunters Hollow
Lebanon Junction
Mount Washington
Pioneer Village
Shepherdsville ( county seat )
Census-designated place
Brooks
Other unincorporated communities
Brownington
Clermont
Solitude
Zoneton
Although large-scale residential development has not made its way south of Shepherdsville , the growth is apparent in and around that town and in Mount Washington , as well as points north along I-65 towards Hillview . Both Shepherdsville and Mount Washington have stretched their boundaries such that they are nearly touching each other . The stretch of Kentucky 44 that connects the two towns has homes through nearly the entire expanse .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bullitt County , Kentucky
References
External links
Bernheim Arboretum and Research Forest
Bullitt County government and commerce website
Bullitt County History Museum
Bullitt County Attractions
1796 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Louisville metropolitan area
Populated places established in 1796
The Union Civil Service Board ( , abbreviated UCSB ) is Burma 's national civil service commission . It was formed on 28 October 2010 in accordance with the 2010 State Peace and Development Council Law . Its predecessor was the Public Service Commission ( PSC ) , which was initially formed on 1 April 1937 .
See also
Ministry of Home Affairs
References
External links
Government agencies of Myanmar
National civil service commissions
2010 establishments in Myanmar
Government agencies established in 2010
Taktagulovo ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kuseyevsky Selsoviet , Baymaksky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 13 as of 2010 . There is 1 street .
Geography
Taktagulovo is located 78 km north of Baymak ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kuseyevo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
The War That Changed Us is a 4-episode Australian television documentary series presenting the true stories of six Australians in World War I . The series , produced by Electric Pictures , based on an original concept by historian Clare Wright , was first shown by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on four consecutive Sunday evenings commencing on 19 August 2014 . Australia entered World War I in August 1914 , one hundred years earlier .
Characters
The series follows the range of experiences of the following real-life people :
soldier Archie Barwick
army officer Pompey Elliott
army nurse Kit McNaughton
Anti-war activist and trade unionist Tom Barker
Anti-war activist and publisher Vida Goldstein
Pro-war crusader Eva Hughes
These people were chosen because there was a substantial amount of material they had written . Archie Barwick and Kit McNaughton kept diaries . Pompey Elliott wrote many detailed letters to their wife . The speeches of Tom Barker , Vida Goldstein , and Eva Hughes were widely reported in newspapers . Vida Goldstein also published many opinion pieces .
Further reading
– a book about Kit McNaughton 's experiences as reflected in their diaries
References
Documentary television series about World War I
2014 Australian television series debuts
Television series by Electric Pictures
Wagu is a Sepik language spoken in East Sepik Province , Papua-New Guinea .
References
Bahinemo languages
Languages of East Sepik Province
Talisker Conservation Park is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia located on the south-western area of the Fleurieu Peninsula near the town of Cape Jervis and adjacent to Deep Creek Conservation Park . The conservation park covers including areas of thick scrub , some steep walking tracks and the heritage-listed remains of a nineteenth century silver and lead mine .
Talisker became a conservation park in 1976 after a period of 104 years of intermittent mining activity in the area . The conservation park owes its name to the two McLeod brothers who discovered an outcrop of silver-lead ore while searching for gold in 1862 . The Talisker Mining company was formed the same year to extract the ore from the lode the McLeods named the 'Talisker of Scotland ' after a locality in their homeland , the 'Isle of Skye ' .
Land within the conservation park 's boundaries is known to be a site for Pterostylis bryophila ( Hindmarsh Valley Greenhood ) , a species of plant which is listed as `` critically endangered '' by the Commonwealth Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 and as `` endangered '' by the South Australian National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972 .
The conservation park is classified as an IUCN Category VI protected area .
References
Notes
Citations
External links
Talisker Conservation Park webpage on protected planet
Webpage on the BirdsSA website
Talisker Conservation Park on YouTube
Conservation parks of South Australia
Fleurieu Peninsula
1985 establishments in Australia
Protected areas established in 1985
Leonard Franklin Hill ( October 11 , 1947 – June 7 , 2016 ) was an American television producer and property developer . Hill began their career as a television writer , writing scripts for numerous shows , including Adam-12 , an NBC police drama . They then became a television executive , serving first at NBC before becoming Vice President of Movies at ABC . Hill produced four television miniseries , dozens of television movies and three drama series during their tenures at NBC and ABC . Their television movies were mostly distributed by Pearson Television , who was once successor of ACI .
The popularity of television films had waned by the early 2000s , which prompted a career change by Hill . In 2001 , switched to real estate development , with a focus on downtown Los Angeles and adaptive reuse . Hill partnered with Yuval Bar-Zemer , a developer with a history of reuse , to establish Linear City Development . Together , Hill and Bar-Zemer instigated numerous projects within the city 's Arts District , on the eastern edge of Downtown Los Angeles by transforming existing buildings into new housing and developments . Hill 's projects included the Toy Factory Lofts , which were finished in 2004 , the nearby Biscuit Company Lofts , and the Elysian , which transformed the former headquarters of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California into residential building containing loft apartments near Echo Park in 2014 .
In 2016 , Hill donated $ 1.9 million to create a new public park under the newly constructed Sixth Street Bridge . It was announced that the new park will be named in Hill 's honor , following their death in 2016 .
Leonard Hill was born in Westwood , Los Angeles , on October 11 , 1947 , to Edith Hill , a social worker , and Herbert Hill , a business person . They attended University High School and received their bachelor 's degree from Yale University and their master 's degree from Stanford University .
Hill died at their home in Hancock Park , Los Angeles , on June 7 , 2016 , at the age of 68 . They were survived by their second wife , Dr. Patricia Gordon , whom they married in 2011 , and two brothers , Andrew Hill and Rick Hill .
References
External links
1947 births
2016 deaths
American television executives
American television writers
American real estate businesspeople
Deaths from brain tumor
Deaths from cancer in California
Neurological disease deaths in California
People from Los Angeles
Screenwriters from California
Stanford University alumni
Television producers from California
Yale University alumni
20th-century American philanthropists
The Kanagawa dialect ( Japanese : 神奈川方言 kanagawa-ken hōgen ) is the term used to describe the Japanese dialects spoken in Kanagawa Prefecture . As there is no single unified dialect throughout the prefecture , it is a collective term , with some of the regional dialects spoken including : the Sōshū dialect ( used for areas that were formerly part of Sagami Province ) , the Yokohama dialect , the Hadano dialect and Shōnan dialect , among others .
Outline
The Kanagawa dialect , along with other dialects such as the Gunma , Saitama and Tama dialects , make up the wider West Kantō dialect . It is sometimes considered difficult to identify a dialect that is strictly unique to Kanagawa . This is due , in part , to its close similarity to other West Kanto dialects , particularly in areas that border other prefectures . For example , the southern Ashigara area shares features with east Shizuoka dialects , whilst the western part of the former Tsukui District , located in the far northwest of Kanagawa , possesses similarities with the Gunnai dialect of eastern Yamanashi Prefecture . Parts of the north of the prefecture that are proximate to the Tama Region of Tokyo or the more metropolitan special wards of Tokyo , share numerous traits with the dialects of these respective areas . Like many other parts of Japan , traditional dialects in Kanagawa are declining under the influence of standard Japanese . Owed to its proximity to Tokyo , this trend is even more notable in Kanagawa , especially in northern urban areas , such as Kawasaki , Sagamihara and Yokohama .
Regional variation
There is some general similarity in dialects spoken across the prefecture , with noticeable homogeny in phonology and pitch accent . There are greater recognised differences in grammar and vocabulary , however . Regionally , the largest differences are found in geographically separated areas , such as north and south of the Tanzawa Mountains or east and west of the Sagami River . In the case of the Sagami River , a notable exception is at its estuary ( around Hiratsuka and Chigasaki ) where areas on opposite banks have been connected historically via the Tōkaidō , leading to relatively fewer dialectal differences between them . Aside from north/south and east/west differences , there is notable variation in the Sagami Bay coastal area ( also known as Shōnan ) , Miura Peninsula and the Ashigara region .
Below are the dialect sub-divisions proposed in 1961 by Sukezumi Hino . ( Kawasaki and most of Yokohama were treated separately as a ‘ Tokyo/Yokohama dialect ' ) .
Northern - Tsukui District , Aiko District ( north of Miyagase ) .
Southern
Sagami River East
Sagamihara , Yamato , Kōza District , western part of Kotsuka Ward in Yokohama ) .
Miura Peninsula ( parts of Miura District , Yokosuka , Miura City ) .
Sagami River West
Aiko District ( south of Susugaya ) , Atsugi , Hadano , Hiratsuka , Naka District .
Ashigarakami District , Ashigarashimo District , Odawara .
Sagami Bay Coastal Dialect - Fujisawa , Chigasaki , Kamakura , Zushi , Miura Peninsula Sagami Bay area .
Phonology
Phonology is typical for a West Kanto dialect , but less common traits exist in some areas .
Pronunciation
There is a strong tendency among speakers to merge the vowel sound ai ( あい ) to ē ( えぇ ) . ( For example : butai ( ぶたい stage ) → butē ( ぶてぇ ) , kitai ( きたい expectation ) → kitē ( きてぇ ) , omae ( おまえ you ) → omē ( おめぇ ) .
In some areas , most notably Ashigara and Tsukui , ai may become yā ( やぁ ) instead ( a shared trait with Shizuoka and Yamanashi dialects ) . ( For example : kaeru ( かえる frog ) → kyāru ( きゃーる ) .
k- starting mora that lie within a word may become voiced . ( For example : iku ( いく to go ) → igu ( いぐ ) .
r-starting mora may become n ( ん ) in certain situations . ( For example : wakaranai ( わからない I do n't know ) → wakannē ( わかんねぇ ) , aru kara ( あるから because it 's there ) → an kara ( あんから )
Along the Sagami Bay coastal area and on the Miura Peninsula , the phonemes je ( じぇ ) and they ( しぇ ) are sometimes used .
Pitch accent
Generally , the prefecture has the Tokyo-standard pitch accent , although some deviation is found west of the Sagami River , where ‘ three-beat ' nouns such as a-sa-hi ( あさひ morning sun ) that are usually front-mora stressed in standard Japanese may become middle-mora stressed ( a-sa-hi → a-sa-hi ) . There are also some examples of words that have an accent in standard Japanese becoming non-accented . This ‘ non-accenting ' has also recently been observed in the Tokyo Metropolitan Area . Below are some examples of words that do not have a pitch accent in some Kanagawa dialects ( stress is indicated by bold ) .
Grammar
The particle be ( べ ) and its related expressions da be ( だべ ) and danbe ( だんべ ) are commonly used in Kanagawa . However , unlike other Kanto dialects the ending e ( ぇ ) sound is not lengthened , and in some areas ( such as Hadano ) these particles may lose their b- sound to become e ( え ) and da e ( だえ ) . Kanagawa-native Masahiro Nakai ( a member of the Japanese idol group SMAP ) as well as the talent Thane Camus , both of whom hail from Fujisawa City , are known for often using these phrases . Particularly in the Shōnan area , yo ( よ ) is often attached to be to form be yo ( べよ ) . For example :
sakki kara , sou itteru jan ( さっきからそう言ってるじゃん I 've been saying that since earlier ) ( said somewhere like Yokohama ) would become sakki kara , sou itten-be yo ( さっきからそう言ってんべよ ) in the Shōnan area .
Other sentence-ending particles common in Kanto dialects such as ne ( ね ) and sa ( さ ) are also widely used . In comparison with the Tokyo area , however , these particles are often lengthened ( nē ( ねぇ ) , sā ( さぁ ) , yō ( よ
ぉ ) and have an atypical intonation . Due to sometimes being perceived as rude or improper , some schools have encouraged students to avoid using these particles . Like many other Kantō dialects , polite speech is seldom used in Kanagawa dialects . The word kudasai ( ください please ) has multiple regional variants in Kanagawa . North of the Tanzawa Mountains it can become kunro ( くんろ ) , whilst south of the mountains is may be said as kēro ( けぇろ ) , kenro ( けんろ ) or kunna ( くんな ) . In Shōnan , it is sometimes said as sē ( せぇ ) , sassē ( さっせぇ ) and rassē ( らっせぇ ) ( expressions shared with the coastal areas of the Izu Peninsula ) . West of the Sagami River , the question-indicating sentence-ending particle ke ( け ) is sometimes used , and the adverb bakari ( ばかり full of , only ) may become simply bē ( べぇ ) . For example :
sake bakari nonja dame deshō ( 酒ばかり飲んじゃだめでしょう You should n't just drink alcohol ) in standard Japanese becomes sake bē nonja dame da be ( 酒べぇ飲んじゃだめだべ ) west of the Sagami River .
The adversative conjunction kedo ( けど but ) can be said as kendo ( けんど ) , and in parts of Ashigara and Tsukui , the conjecture-indicating particle zura ( ずら ) may be used . For example :
sō darō ( そうだろう that 's right , is n't it ? ) becomes sō zura ( そうずら ) .
Other notable grammatical and conversational features include :
The vigorous repetition of the name of an object that one is showing to someone else .
Responding to the phrase shitte iru ka ? ( 知っているか ? Do you know ( it ) ? ) with shitte nē ( 知ってねぇ I do n't know it ( present continuous negative ) ) instead of shiranai ( 知らない ( present negative ) ) as is common in standard Japanese .
jan ( ka ) ・ じゃん ( か )
The expression jan ( ka ) is a common expression in Yokohama and other parts of Kanagawa . It became frequently used from the Shōwa Era onwards , with presumed etymological origins in sō ja , an ka ( dialectal variation of sonna koto ga aru ka ( そんなことがあるのか Is there such a thing ? ) as shown below .
sō ja↔an ka → sō jan ka .
It is thought to have been introduced to Kanagawa via the Tōkaidō , Kōshū Kaidō or Silk Road originally out of Aichi Prefecture , where it is believed to have roots in the Mikawa dialect . In parts of the Miura Peninsula , jē ( じぇえ ) and jen ( じぇん ) are sometimes used instead .
Vocabulary
The table below shows some examples of different vocabulary between Kanagawa dialects ( specifically the Hadano dialect ) and standard Japanese .
References
Citations
Other references
井上史雄・篠崎晃一・小林隆・大西拓一郎編 ( 1995 ) 日本列島方言叢書6 関東方言考2 群馬県・埼玉県・千葉県・神奈川県 ( in Japanese ) . ゆまに書房 .
日野資純 ( 1950 ) 相模方言の素描 ( in Japanese ) Musashino .
日野資純 ( 1961 ) 神奈川県の方言 ( in Japanese ) Yamakawa .
佐藤亮一編 ( 2009 ) 都道府県別 全国方言辞典 CD付き ( in Japanese ) Sanseidō .
Tanaka , Yukari 編 平山輝男編集委員代表 ( 2015 ) 日本のことばシリーズ14 神奈川県のことば ( in Japanese ) Meiji . .
Japanese dialects
Culture in Kanagawa Prefecture
Daru Urban LLG is a local-level government ( LLG ) of Western Province , Papua New Guinea .
Wards
83 . Daru Town
See also
Daru Airport
Daru Island
References
Local-level governments of Western Province ( Papua New Guinea )
Vulcan is a pumice cone in Papua New Guinea . It is a sub-vent of the Rabaul caldera and lies on its western rim . Its most recent eruption was in 1994 , when it and another vent , Tavurvur , forced the city of Rabaul to be temporarily abandoned and the local administrative centres of East New Britain Province to be moved to a new capital , Kokopo . Today , the slopes of Vulcan are now forested , as a result of dormancy since 1994 .
Vulcan did not exist during the German colonial times , although the agronomist for the New Guinea Company , Richard Parkinson , noticed that a small island in the harbour in 1880 had grown noticeably larger by 1900 . During the 1920s the island offered enough new land for Australian colonials to open a sporting club there , with tennis courts . By 1937 Vulcan was its current size and erupted that year , filling the harbour with a thick layer of pumice . An Australian Navy sailor walked out from the wharf some hundred meters before they broke through the crust and drowned .
References
Cinder cones
Subduction volcanoes
Volcanoes of New Britain
East New Britain Province
Bolette-Merete Sutermeister Petri ( October 23 , 1920 – 2018 ) was a Danish-Swiss writer of travel literature , considered as ″expert for the High North '' .
Biography
Petri Sutermeister was born in October 1920 in Kriens , Switzerland . Them mother was Danish and their father was the owner of a pasta producer in Lucerne ; they spent their first eight years of life in the ″villa Bleiche″ in Kriens ; then they lived with their family in Lucerne ; In 1935 they moved with their mother after their divorce to Copenhagen . At sixteen , they first traveled to Spitsbergen .
They worked as a translator in Copenhagen and made archeological studies and expeditions to Greenland , Lapland and Spitsbergen . In Longyearbyen , they created in the former coal mine of John Munroe Longyear a museum ″with facts about Svalbard″ . Until 1992 , they spent each summer , from May to September in Spitsbergen .
Petri Sutermeister 's books consist of stories that usually contain a trip /travel , for example , in a train or on a plane , containing and focus on landscape descriptions . Them most famous work is Eisblumen : Encounters on Spitsbergen . They died in 2018 at the age of 97 .
References
External links
1920 births
2018 deaths
Danish women writers
Svalbard
Swiss writers
Swiss emigrants to Denmark
Danish expatriates in Norway
People from Lucerne-Land District
The European Communities ( Amendment ) Act 1993 ( c. 32 ) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom . It amended the European Communities Act 1972 for the second time , to incorporate the provisions of the Treaty on European Union—which created the European Union—into the domestic law of the United Kingdom . The Act was given Royal Assent on 20 July 1993 .
The Act was repealed by the European Union ( Withdrawal ) Act 2018 on 31 January 2020 .
See also
Acts of Parliament of the United Kingdom relating to the European Communities and the European Union
European Economic Area
European Communities
Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom relating to the European Union
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1993
Euroscepticism in the United Kingdom
The Battle for Piva Trail was a battle between United States Marine Corps and Imperial Japanese Army forces on Bougainville Island . The battle took place on 8–9 November 1943 during the Bougainville campaign in the days following the US landing at Cape Torokina earlier in the month .
The fighting took place inland from the US beachhead , as the Japanese began moving troops from the 23rd Infantry Regiment north from southern Bougainville . These troops subsequently clashed with a blocking force of US Marines that had been positioned along the Piva Trail to protect one of the key avenues of approach towards Cape Torokina . It had been intended that the 23rd Infantry Regiment would co-ordinate their assault with a counter landing at Koromokina Lagoon , but ultimately this did not occur as the main assault was delayed until after the counter landing was defeated . The fighting for the Piva Trail resulted in heavy casualties for the Japanese and was followed by a series of actions throughout November and December 1943 as US forces sought to expand their perimeter around Cape Torokina .
Background
In early November , US forces had landed around Cape Torokina and established a beachhead , as part of Allied efforts to advance towards the main Japanese base around Rabaul , the isolation and reduction of which was a key objective of Operation Cartwheel . Facing the American beachhead at Cape Torokina were troops of the Japanese 17th Army , commanded by General Harukichi Hyakutake , the main elements of which were drawn from Lieutenant General Masatane Kanda 's 6th Division . In response , the Japanese attempted a counter landing at Koromokina Lagoon , and began moving reinforcements north from southern Bougainville .
To protect the narrow beachhead while further reinforcements and supplies arrived , the U.S. 2nd Marine Raider Battalion advanced inland and set up a roadblock on the Piva Trail , around the junction with the Numa–Numa Trail , one of the key avenues of approach towards Cape Torokina . In an effort to reinforce the troops landing around Koromokina Lagoon , the Japanese 23rd Infantry Regiment , advancing from southern Bougainville , was tasked with dislodging the US troops holding the Piva Trail . The Japanese intent had been to co-ordinate actions on both sides of the US perimeter , but ultimately the landing around Koromokina Lagoon was defeated before the 23rd Infantry Regiment could mount a full-scale attack against the Marine defenses along the Piva Trail .
Battle
On the night of 5–6 November , the Marines drove off two preliminary attacks from the Japanese 23rd Infantry Regiment . Colonel Edward A. Craig , commander of the 9th Marines to which 2nd Raider Battalion was attached , surmised that this was just a preparatory action and brought up more Raiders to reinforce the roadblock . When the Japanese attacked the following afternoon ( 7 November ) , the Marines were ready and drove the Japanese back to Piva village . Early on the morning of 8 November , Major General Shun Iwasa , commander of the Japanese 6th Division 's infantry group ( the Iwasa Detachment ) , renewed the attack with two full battalions . The Americans brought up men of the 3rd Raider Battalion to protect the flanks of the Marines already engaged , as well as some light tanks . Frontal attacks by the Japanese were repulsed .
Major General Allen H. Turnage , in command of the 3rd Marine Division , determined that the Japanese lodged on the trail represented a threat to the airstrips and had to be removed , with the assault beginning on the morning of 9 November . The Japanese had several well-placed machine guns and were attempting an attack of their own ; a bloody stalemate developed . Private First Class Henry Gurke of the 3rd Marine Raider Battalion was awarded the second Medal of Honor of the Bougainville Campaign during this fight by throwing themselves on a grenade and saving their foxhole-mate . Marine firepower eventually proved too much for the Japanese , who retreated to and through Piva Village in the early and mid-afternoon . The Marines took possession of the vital intersection of the Piva and Numa Numa Trails .
On 10 November , an air strike consisting of 12 Avenger torpedo bombers attacked Japanese positions in front of the Marines along the Numa-Numa Trail . Around 10:00 hours , the Marines began to advance towards the village , supported by artillery . The movement was unopposed and large amounts of equipment and dead bodies were found around the abandoned Japanese positions . Two battalions of the 9th Marine Regiment subsequently followed them up and occupied Piva village just after 13:00 hours . As the beachhead around Cape Torokina was expanded , the 9th Marines managed to link up with the 3rd Marines on their left . Meanwhile , the 2nd Raider Battalion was relieved and moved back into a reserve position .
Aftermath
Casualties during the fighting for Piva Trail were heavy . It is estimated that the Japanese may have lost up to 550 killed , with 125 being killed on the first day and over 140 killed on the second day . The Marines lost 20 killed and 57 wounded over the course of both days . In the aftermath , US forces began expanding the perimeter around the beachhead , systematically advancing to several inland defense lines . A reconnaissance patrol subsequently advanced up the Numa–Numa Trail and identified several sites for airfields beyond the beachhead . The 21st Marines were dispatched to advance up the Numa–Numa Trail to clear the area for construction to begin . They were subsequently ambushed , resulting in the Battle of the Coconut Grove on 13–14 November . A further action would be fought around Piva Forks in late November .
Meanwhile , further reinforcements and supplies were landed at Cape Torokina , and US Army forces began arriving to reinforce the Marines . In late December work on the airfields was complete and aerial bombing raids began against the Japanese base around Rabaul , while minelaying aircraft interdicted Japanese sea lanes of communication through the Buka Passage . Having initially held back forces to reinforce northern Bougainville , as the Japanese high command realized that the Cape Torokina lodgment was not a ruse , and would not be followed by a further assault on Buka , they slowly began moving troops from southern Bougainville , landing in small numbers around Empress Augusta Bay throughout late December . Meanwhile , several air attacks were launched on the US perimeter , while artillery was moved up and began shelling the perimeter from Hellzapoppin Ridge and Hill 600A . In late December , these features became the scene of further fighting as the 21st Marine Regiment was ordered to capture the Japanese positions . After this , there was a lull in the fighting on Bougainville as the Japanese decided to delay plans to launch a concerted counterattack , postponing the assault on Torokina until March 1944 .
Notes
References
Conflicts in 1943
1943 in Papua New Guinea
United States Marine Corps in World War II
Battles of World War II involving Japan
Battles of World War II involving the United States
South West Pacific theatre of World War II
November 1943 events
Marcella Russo is an Australian actor who is best known for playing Liljana Bishop in the Australian soap opera Neighbours from 2003 until 2005 , when their character was killed off in the Neighbours plane crash .
Russo is a member of the band Lucy De Ville alongside their former Neighbours co-star Marisa Warrington . They had been in several other bands including Swallow and They Are Me . They have previously appeared as Magenta in The Rocky Horror Show in 2004 .
External links
Lucy De Ville Official Website
Marcella Russo as Liljana Bishop
Actresses from Melbourne
Australian soap opera actores
Australian people of Italian descent
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) champions are fighters who have won UFC championships .
Historical notes
At the time of the UFC 's inception in 1993 , mixed martial arts was not sanctioned in the United States , and did not include weight classes . Instead of the traditional championship model , the UFC held tournaments with the winner receiving a permanent appellation . In response to criticism from Senator John McCain that saw the loss of its television deal and the banning of the sport in thirty-six states , the UFC increased its cooperation with state athletic commissions and introduced weight classes in 1997 , starting with UFC 12 , and began introducing weight-specific titles .
The original codification for weight classes introduced only two divisions : heavyweight , which grouped together all competitors above , and lightweight , which encompassed all competitors 199 pounds ( 90 kg ) and under . At UFC 14 the lightweight division would be renamed to middleweight , though it would still encompass all fighters 199 pounds ( 90 kg ) and under . The lightweight moniker would later return at UFC 16 with a new division consisting of those competitors and under . Two years later a fourth weight class , the bantamweight division , arrived at UFC 26 and included all fighters and under .
In 2000 , the New Jersey State Athletic Control Board completely took over MMA regulation in its home state and developed new rules and weight classes that eventually became the de facto rule set for all mixed martial arts . The UFC realigned their weight classes to comply with these new regulations in 2001 , beginning with UFC 31 . At the time , this brought the total number of active divisions in the UFC to five : lightweight , welterweight , middleweight , light heavyweight , and heavyweight .
It would be nearly ten years before the UFC would expand their divisional offerings to include any of the lower weight classes . The first additions came in late 2010 when the UFC merged with their sister organization World Extreme Cagefighting ( WEC ) . Due to the WEC 's focus on lighter weight fighters , this merger necessitated the addition of both the featherweight and bantamweight divisions to the UFC , starting with The Ultimate Fighter season 12 finale . In early 2012 the UFC decided they would delve even further into the lower weight classes when they announced the introduction of the flyweight division to their ranks , beginning with UFC on FX : Alves vs. Kampmann .
In November 2012 , as a result of the forthcoming dissolution of their sister organization Strikeforce , the UFC announced they would be adding female fighters to their roster for the first time in the promotion 's history . Initially , only the women 's bantamweight division was brought over , with the division 's premiere bout taking place at UFC 157 . A little over a year later , the UFC announced they would be expanding their weight classes for female fighters with the addition of a women 's strawweight division , the first bout took place at UFC Fight Night : Cowboy vs. Miller .
In late 2016 , a featherweight division was introduced for the women with the first bout to be for the inaugural championship at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 . In that same year the UFC announced the Women 's Flyweight division would officially be added , with the winner of the 26th season of The Ultimate Fighter to be named the inaugural champion .
Current champions
Men
Women
Men 's championship history
Heavyweight Championship
206 to 265 lb ( 93 to 120 kg )
The UFC Superfight Championship was unified with the UFC Tournament Championship to determine the inaugural UFC Heavyweight Champion on February 7 , 1997 , when Mark Coleman defeated Dan Severn at UFC 12 .
Light Heavyweight Championship
186 to 205 lb ( 84 to 93 kg )
The Light Heavyweight Championship was known as the Middleweight Championship prior to UFC 31 ( May 4 , 2001 ) .
The Pride World Middleweight Championship ( 205.03 lb ) was unified with the UFC Light Heavyweight Championship on September 8 , 2007 , when Quinton Jackson defeated Dan Henderson at UFC 75 .
Middleweight Championship
171 to 185 lb ( 78 to 84 kg )
The Pride World Welterweight Championship ( 183 lb ) was unified with the UFC Middleweight Championship on March 1 , 2008 , when Anderson Silva defeated Dan Henderson at UFC 82 .
Welterweight Championship
156 to 170 lb ( 71 to 77 kg )
The Welterweight Championship was known as the Lightweight Championship prior to UFC 31 ( May 4 , 2001 ) .
Lightweight Championship
146 to 155 lb ( 66 to 70 kg )
The Lightweight Championship was known as the Bantamweight Championship prior to UFC 31 ( May 4 , 2001 ) .
The Strikeforce Lightweight Championship was unified ( perhaps unofficially ) with the UFC Lightweight Championship on April 20 , 2013 , when Benson Henderson defeated Gilbert Melendez at UFC on Fox : Henderson vs. Melendez .
Featherweight Championship
136 to 145 lb ( 61 to 66 kg )
Prior to the UFC-WEC merger , José Aldo was the WEC Featherweight Champion . Aldo was awarded the inaugural UFC Featherweight Championship on November 20 , 2010 , at UFC 123 in a ceremony prior to the event .
Bantamweight Championship
126 to 135 lb ( 57 to 61 kg )
Prior to UFC-WEC merger , Dominick Cruz was the WEC Bantamweight Champion . At WEC 53 , Cruz defeated Scott Jorgensen to retain the WEC Bantamweight Championship and was awarded the inaugural UFC Bantamweight Championship .
Flyweight Championship
116 to 125 lb ( 53 to 57 kg )
Demetrious Johnson defeated Joseph Benavidez on September 22 , 2012 , at UFC 152 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada in the finale of a four-man tournament for the inaugural title .
Women 's championship history
Women 's Featherweight Championship
136 to 145 lb ( 62 to 66 kg )
The inaugural title was contested on February 11 , 2017 , in Brooklyn , NY , US at UFC 208 .
Women 's Bantamweight Championship
126 to 135 lb ( 57 to 61 kg )
Prior to its folding and absorption by the UFC , Ronda Rousey was the Strikeforce Women 's Bantamweight Champion . Rousey was awarded the inaugural UFC Women 's Bantamweight Championship on December 6 , 2012 , at a UFC on Fox : Henderson vs. Diaz pre-event press conference .
Women 's Flyweight Championship
116 to 125 lb ( 53 to 57 kg )
The inaugural title was contested on December 1 , 2017 , in Las Vegas , NV , US at The Ultimate Fighter : A New World Champion Finale . The inaugural title fight was between two fighters who appeared on the 26th season of The Ultimate Fighter .
Women 's Strawweight Championship
106 to 115 lb ( 48 to 52 kg )
Previously the Invicta FC Strawweight Champion , Carla Esparza defeated Rose Namajunas for the inaugural title on December 12 , 2014 , in the tournament finale of The Ultimate Fighter : A Champion Will Be Crowned .
Title defunct
Superfight Championship
The openweight title used before the introduction of weight classes in 1997 . It was designed to create a reigning UFC champion for the UFC tournament winners to challenge .
Tournament winners
The Ultimate Fighter
The Ultimate Fighter ( TUF ) is a reality television series and mixed martial arts competition produced by the UFC . The show features professional fighters living together and competing against one another in a tournament for a contract with the UFC .
Champions by nationality
Division champions are the primary separation criteria due to being non-closed competition . It includes titleholders and interim titleholders . Interim champions who become undisputed champions are listed only once . People with multiple title reigns will have each of them counted . Tournament wins are secondary due to many tournaments being country-specific and thus not generally a national achievement to win . Runners-up and TUF runners-up are not included .
Most wins in title bouts
Fighters with four or more championship and/or interim championship title wins . Fighters with the same number of title wins are arranged in order of most title fights . Tournament championships and TUF winners are not included .
Most consecutive title defenses
The following includes all UFC champions who were able to consecutively defend their title three times or more . Fighters with the same number of title defenses are listed chronologically .
Bold — Incumbent champion .
Longest reigning champions
The following is a list of the ten longest reigning UFC champions .
Longest individual reigns
Longest combined reigns
Bold — Incumbent champion .
Multi-division champions
Fighters who have won championships in multiple weight classes . Tournament championships and TUF winners are not included .
Randy Couture is notably the first champion to hold belts in two different divisions , and one of the few to reclaim a title after being defeated . Conor McGregor was the first fighter to hold multiple titles simultaneously .
Simultaneous two division champions
Note : Defenses shown are while champion was a two division champion .
Bold - Active reigns .
Missed weight title fights
There have been multiple instances in UFC history where a fighter misses the required weight limit for a championship fight . The following fights were originally scheduled and advertised as title fights , with the contenders earning a title shot , but due to a fighter missing weight these fights took place , only one fighter was eligible for the title , or the fight was changed to a non-title fight .
See also
List of current mixed martial arts champions
List of current UFC fighters
List of Pride Fighting Championships champions
List of Strikeforce champions
List of UFC events
List of UFC records
List of World Extreme Cagefighting champions
Mixed martial arts weight classes
References
External links
Current titleholders at UFC.com
Champions
UFC champions
UFC Champions , List Of
Robin Sheppard ( sometimes credited as Robin Shepperd ) is a British television director who has directed Lucky Jim , Octavia , Cherished , The Bad Mother 's Handbook , and episodes of Kingdom , Casualty , Playing the Field , New Tricks and At Home with the Braithwaites . They were jointly nominated for a British Academy Television Award in 1998 for their work on Wing and a Prayer , and Cherished won the Best Drama Documentary Grierson Award in 2005 . Shepperd will be directing the 2010 episodic video game , Venus Redemption . Shepperd is currently attached to Apples , a 2012 film adaptation of Richard Milward 's 2007 book of the same name .
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
British television directors
Resia Boroboedoer ( Secret of Borobudur ) is a 1929 adventure film produced by Nancing Film Corp . Starring Chinese actor Olive Young , it followed a young woman on their quest to find Gautama Buddha 's ashes in the temple of Borobudur . The production cost of the film , which was panned , led to the collapse of its studio .
Plot
Young Pei Fen goes from mainland China to Java . In their father 's book Youn Lun Fah , they have read that a jar with Gautama Buddha 's ashes is hidden in the temple of Borobudur . The temple 's guardian , Gandha Soewasti , unsuccessfully forbids them from looking . When Young is out searching , betel juice drips onto them Thinking that Gandha is behind this , they find the guardian and beats them with a chair . Gandha 's friend Koesoema tries to have vengeance on Young with black magic , but Gandha uses their own magic to stop him .
In the temple , Young finds a doorway leading down . However , they collapse after poisonous gas leaks out of the room . Gandha rescues them and reveals that they owed a life debt to Young 's father , Lun Fah , who had rescued them from a bandit thirty years previously . Gandha had also given Lun Fah the book . Young decides to abandon their search for the ashes , and instead leads an ascetic life as a guard to the temple with Gandha .
Production
Resia Borobudur was produced by the newly established Nancing Film Corp in 1928 . It was the second film produced by Chinese conglomerates in the Indies , after Lily van Java ( 1928 ) , and the first to be directly targeted at ethnic Chinese . The film was silent and shot in black and white .
Olive Young , a mixed-race woman from Shanghai , was cast in the lead role and paid a large sum of 2,000 Dutch guilders monthly for their work with the studio . They were widely known and reported for their sensuality , and not averse to kissing men in public , something considered unladylike at the time . This was reflected in the film , which showed Young in a bikini-like costume ; this was the most skin yet shown in a film from the Dutch East Indies .
Release and reception
Resia Borobudur was released in Batavia ( modern day Jakarta ) in July 1929 . It was a critical flop , and generally decried as illogical and having poor image quality ; viewers also described it as a `` bastard '' film owing to Young 's crudeness . The film critic Kwee Tek Hoay questioned how a girl from Sumatra could have found a Chinese-language book , or how Young could communicate with the Javanese – who could not speak Mandarin .
Nancing Film Corp went bankrupt after the film 's release , from paying both Young 's living costs and building a large studio in Batavia . Young went on to have a minor career in Hollywood .
See also
List of films of the Dutch East Indies
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
Dutch silent feature films
Dutch East Indies films
Dutch black-and-white films
Indonesian black-and-white films
Dutch adventure films
1929 adventure films
1929 films
Indonesian adventure films
Silent adventure films
John Stewart Teasdale ( born 15 October 1962 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Walsall , Hereford United and Blackpool . A product of the Scottish Highland Football League , Teasdale commenced their senior professional football career with Nairn County FC , and finished their senior career with Elgin City FC , and Rothes FC , also both Highland Football League clubs at that time .
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Scottish footballers
Nairn County F.C . players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C . players
Walsall F.C . players
Hereford United F.C . players
Willenhall Town F.C . players
Blackpool F.C . players
Elgin City F.C . players
East Stirlingshire F.C . players
Rothes F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Footballers from Glasgow
Highland Football League players
William Kingsland `` King '' Macy ( November 21 , 1889 – July 15 , 1961 ) was an American politician from New York .
Background
They were born on November 21 , 1889 , in New York City . They graduated from Groton School ( in Groton , Massachusetts ) in 1908 , and from Harvard University in 1912 .
Career
They engaged in wholesaling and importing from 1912 to 1915 , served with the United States Food Administration and War Trade Board from 1917 to 1919 , was president of the Union Pacific Tea Co. from 1919 to 1922 , was a member of a stock brokerage firm from 1922 to 1938 , and was a banker and publisher .
They were Chairman of the Suffolk County Republican Committee from 1926 to 1951 ; Chairman of the New York State Republican Committee from 1930 to 1934 ; a delegate to the 1928 , 1932 , 1940 , 1944 and 1948 Republican National Conventions and a delegate to all Republican State Conventions from 1928 to 1946 .
They were active in the investigation of the New York State Banking Department in 1929 ; and also in promoting the Seabury inquiry into the affairs of New York City in 1931 and 1932 . They were a Regent of the University of the State of New York from 1941 to 1953 , and a member of the New York State Senate ( 1st D. ) in 1946 . Macy 's hold over the Suffolk Republican party organization was so complete that they were called `` The Little King of Suffolk County '' .
Macy was elected as a Republican to the 80th and 81st United States Congresses , holding office from January 3 , 1947 , to January 3 , 1951 . In 1947–8 , they served on the Herter Committee . They were defeated for re-election in 1950 . Afterwards they were Chairman of the Board of the Suffolk Consolidated Press Company and of the Suffolk Broadcasting Corporation .
Death
They died on July 15 , 1961 , in Islip in 1961 , and their remains were placed in a receiving vault at Oakwood Cemetery .
References
Robert A. Caro , The Power Broker , 1974
1889 births
1961 deaths
People from Islip ( town ) , New York
Groton School alumni
Harvard University alumni
New York ( state ) state senators
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York ( state )
20th-century American politicians
The Special Frontier Force ( SFF ) is an Indian special operations unit created on 14 November 1962 . It mainly comprised Tibetan refugees living in India . Now it has increased in size and scope of operations . Its primary goal originally was to conduct covert operations behind Chinese lines in the event of another Sino-Indian War . Throughout its history , SFF has fought in India 's major external wars including the Bangladesh Liberation War and the Kargil War . It has also been involved in internal security , including Operation Blue Star and also serving as the `` Personal Force '' of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi to suppress opposition parties during the state of emergency from 1975 to 1977 . It has been part of border operations against China , including the 2020 China–India skirmishes .
Based in Chakrata , Uttarakhand , the force was put under the direct supervision of the Intelligence Bureau ( IB ) , and later the Research and Analysis Wing ( RAW ) , India 's external intelligence agency , and is not part of the Indian Army but functions under their operational control with its own rank structure , charter and training infrastructure . It falls under the authority of the Directorate General on Security in the Cabinet Secretariat headed by an Inspector General ( SFF ) who is selected from the Major General rank of the Indian Army and who reports directly to the Prime Minister 's Office .
History
British India precursor
Tibetans have been a part of the modern Indian Army for as long as it has existed . During the time of the Great Game , the British Indian Army began to employ Tibetans as spies , intelligence agents , and even covert militia in northern India and Tibet proper .
1950s training with IB and CIA
At the time of Indian independence , the northern mountain-covered region of India remained the most isolated and strategically overlooked territory of the subcontinent . During the 1950s , the American Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) and the Indian Intelligence Bureau ( IB ) established Mustang Base in Mustang in Nepal , which trained Tibetans in guerilla warfare . The Mustang rebels brought the 14th Dalai Lama to India during the 1959 Tibetan Rebellion .
Formation
The idea of raising a specialized force consisting of Tibetan refugees and Tibetan resistance fighters in India against the Chinese was first mooted by General K S Thimayya when they were leading the Indian Army between May 1957 and May 1961 . During the Sino-Indian War and towards the end of 1962 , after hectic lobbying by the IB Chief Bhola Nath Mullik and World War II veteran Biju Patnaik , the Jawaharlal Nehru government finally ordered the raising of an elite commando unit and specialised mountain division .
The primary task of SFF is defence against the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) Ground Force as well as conducting clandestine intelligence gathering and commando operations along the Chinese border . Chushi Gangdruk leaders were contacted for recruitment of Khampas into this new unit . The initial strength was 5000 men , mostly Khampas who were recruited at its new Mountain Training Facility at Chakrata , 100 km from the city of Dehradun . The SFF is also known as 'Establishment 22 ' or just '22 ' due to its first Inspector General , Maj. Gen. Sujan Singh Uban , who commanded the 22nd Mountain Regiment , Royal Indian Artillery during World War II . Uban also went on to command a Long Range Desert Group Squadron ( LRDS ) in North Africa during the war . The SFF made its home base at Chakrata , a mountain town in the foothills of the Himalayas home to a large Tibetan refugee population . Starting with a force of 5,000 men , the SFF commenced six months of training in rock climbing and guerrilla warfare . Initial training was conducted by the Intelligence Bureau Special Operations Unit . Both the RAW and the CIA helped in raising the force .
During the same period , the Indian government also formed the Ladakh Scouts and the Nubra Guards paramilitary forces on similar lines . Many SFF members were also absorbed from the Gurkha Rifles . SFF was later incorporated into the Special Services Bureau . By late 1963 , inter-service rivalry led to severe criticism by the Indian Army . To prove the SFF 's worth , the Inspector General sent 120 men from the SFF on a field exercise , codenamed Garuda , with the Army . The exercise proved to be a dramatic success for the SFF and the Army was now less inclined to criticise the force . However the force faced other problems such as mass desertions by Tibetans . The Tibetan recruits found that smuggling was a much easier way of making money than risking their lives along the border .
In 1964 , the SFF , led by the Inspector General , began its airborne training at Agra . The SFF then began its own airborne training program at Sarsawa Air Force Station . In 1968 with the help of Aviation Research Centre ( ARC ) , SFF were provided with airlift facilities and became fully airborne-qualified with a dedicated mountain and jungle warfare unit .
CIA support and pull-out
The SFF 's weapons were all provided by the US and consisted mainly of M-1 , M-2 and M-3 sub-machine guns . Heavy weapons were not provided . The US government pulled out the CIA from the training program as relations with India soured in the early 1970s during the period of Cold War , with the Sino-Soviet split and Richard Nixon 's 1972 visit to China for improving the bilateral relationship . The unit conducted limited cross-border reconnaissance missions as well as highly classified joint operations with the CIA in 1965 on Mount Nanda Devi in the Himalayas .
Battalions and composition
The SFF has a total of six battalions called 1 Vikas , 2 Vikas , 3 Vikas , 5 Vikas , 6 Vikas , and 7 Vikas . Each battalion has around 800 troopers . The six battalions are commanded by Indian Army officers of colonel rank . At least five other Indian Army officers are in a battalion . At the helm of SFF is the Inspector General ( SFF ) , an officer of Major General rank . The Special Group , or 4 Vikas , functions under a separate chain of command under the R & AW . Historically , by the late 1960s , the SFF was organised into six battalions for administrative purposes . In the past , each battalion , consisting of six companies , was commanded by a Tibetan who had a rank equivalent to a lieutenant colonel in the Indian Army . A Tibetan major or captain commanded each company , which was the primary unit used in operations . After the 1980s , the practice of giving Indian Army commissions to Tibetans was discontinued .
Ethnically , the unit is a mixture of Tibetans and Gurkhas from Nepal . The Tibetan troopers are recruited from the dwindling population of Tibetans in India , which stood at 85,000 in 2018 . The flow of Tibetans joining SFF has slowed due to the declining population of Tibetans , leading to a more ethnically mixed unit . Gurkhas have been recruited to the SFF since 1965 . Tibetans currently serve as soldiers and non-commissioned officers and were in the past given officer commissions . Women are also recruited for specialized operations as well as in signal and medical companies .
Operations
SFF was raised with covert operations in mind , mainly along the Indo-China border ; however , SFF has been fielded by the R & AW and the Indian government in various covert and overt operation theatres .
China
Cold War
In 1964 , intelligence reports kept indicating that China was preparing to test a nuclear weapon at its Lop Nor nuclear installation in Xinjiang . On 16 October 1964 China did indeed test a nuclear weapon in Xinjiang . It was expected , but not enough details were known . Later in November 1964 , the CIA launched a U2 flight out of Aviation Research Centre ( ARC ) 's Charbatia Air Base in Orissa , but its return turned out to be something of a mishap . The Lockheed U-2 overshot the runway and got stuck in slushy ground caused by heavy rain in the monsoon . Getting it unstuck and out of India without being noticed by the Indian press , then even more subject to leftist influences and hence antagonistic to the US , was another clandestine operation . This gave all concerned quite a scare and it was decided to rely on other technical means .
The CIA therefore decided to launch an electronic intelligence ( ELINT ) operation along with R & AW and to track China 's nuclear tests and monitor its missile launches . The operation , in the garb of a mountaineering expedition to Nanda Devi , involved celebrated Indian climber M S Kohli who , along with operatives of SFF and CIA ( most notably Jim Rhyne , a veteran STOL pilot ) , was to emplace a permanent ELINT device , a transceiver powered by a plutonium battery , that could detect and report data on future nuclear tests carried out by China . The plan to install a snooping device was devised far away in Washington D.C. , in the offices of the National Geographic Society . Barry Bishop , a photographer with the magazine , interested General Curtis LeMay of the US Air Force in the idea .
The actual efforts called for the placement of a permanent ELINT device powered by a nuclear SNAP 19C power pack fuel cell . The first attempt to place this device on Nanda Devi , by a Kohli-led SFF team under the cover of a mountaineering expedition , failed as the team had to retreat in the face of adverse conditions and left the device in a small unmarked mountain cave after having hauled the device just short of the 25,645-foot peak . When another Kohli-led expedition returned the following year to recover the device , it was found to be missing . In the meantime the Chinese not only kept testing not only nuclear weapons but also ballistic missiles at regular intervals . The urgency to gather information was never greater .
Another mission was launched in 1967 to place a similar device on the Nanda Kot . This mission was successful but a couple of years later another problem cropped up : snow would pile up over the antenna and render it blind . So Kohli and a SFF team were sent once again to bring it down ; this time they retrieved it successfully . In October 1967 the Chinese began testing an ICBM capable of reaching targets 6000 miles away . There was renewed urgency to find out more . So SFF mountaineers went off on one more mission in December 1969 to successfully place a gas-powered device on an undisclosed mountain , supposedly in Chinese-controlled areas . However , by the following year , the US had the first generation of TRW spy satellites in place and did not have to rely on the old ELINT devices .
2020 Ladakh skirmishes
During the 2020 China–India skirmishes , SFF was reported to have conducted operations along the LAC , including the capture of heights in South Pangong Tso range . In another incident , an official statement by the Indian Army read : `` Indian troops pre-empted this PLA activity on the southern bank of Pangong Tso , undertook measures to strengthen our positions and thwart Chinese intentions to unilaterally change facts on ground '' . During this operation , on 1 September 2020 , company leader Nyima Tenzin died in a landmine blast while undertaking a reconnaissance mission along the line of actual control .
Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971
SFF was part of major combat operations during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 . Starting in late October and November 1971 , elements of the force were sent to Mizoram . An SFF Task Force of around 3000 members was deployed to conduct pre-emptive strike in support of the Indian Army formations along the Chittagong Hill Tracts and to train the local underground unit called Mujib Bahini .
With cross-border attacks becoming more frequent , SFF was ordered to attack the Chittagong Hill Tracts . The Bangladeshi campaign was designated Operation Mountain Eagle , and SFF members were given Bulgarian AK-47s and US-made carbines . This operation saw the first Dapon , the Tibetan equivalent of a Brigadier , in command of part of the SFF Task Force .
With war imminent , SFF successfully executed several mission plans that included the destruction of the Kaptai Dam and other bridges of strategic value . The Inspector General also urged that the SFF be used to capture the second largest city , Chittagong , but the idea was found not favourable to military planners in New Delhi since the unit lacked artillery or airlift support capabilities to conduct a mission of such magnitude . After three weeks of border fighting , the SFF divided its six battalions into three columns and moved into East Pakistan on 3 December 1971 . The Tibetans were given mortars and recoilless rifles and two Mil Mi-4 helicopters of the Indian Air Force , and captured several villages in the Chittagong Hill Tracts . The air-operations were handled by ARC at Balasore .
On the night of 14 November 1971 in the forests of Chittagong Hill Tracts , Brigadier Dhondup Gyatotsang was killed in a firefight with Special Service Group of the Pakistan Army . With the fall of Dhaka and Lieutenant General A.A.K . Niazi surrendering on 16 December 1971 , SFF had lost 49 men and nearly 190 were wounded . The SFF Task Force was able to block a potential escape route for East Pakistani forces into Burma . They also halted members of Pakistan 's 97 Independent Brigade and 2 Commando Battalions at the Chittagong Hill Tracts . For their bravery and courage , 580 SFF Task Force members were awarded cash prizes by the Union Government of India . Their swift covert capabilities won the force the nickname 'Phantoms of Chittagong ' .
Ranks
The Special Frontier Force retains a military rank insignia system distinct from other Indian paramilitary organizations .
Officers
Enlisted ranks
References
Special forces of India
Paramilitary forces of India
Research and Analysis Wing
Non-military counterterrorist organizations
1962 establishments in India
Military units and formations established in 1962
Polylopha oachranta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found on the Mariana Islands in the western North Pacific Ocean .
References
Moths described in 1974
Polyorthini
Amelia Frances Howard-Gibbon ( 24 July 1826 – 6 February 1874 ) was a teacher and artist known for their talents during the 1860s in Ontario , Canada . In 1966 , their most comprehensive work , An Illustrated Comic Alphabet , was published by librarians and artists who admired their work . Five years later , the Canadian Library Association inaugurated an annual award named for her , Amelia Frances Howard-Gibbon Illustrator 's Award . It recognizes the year 's best illustration by a Canadian illustrator of a children 's book published in Canada .
Biography
Born at Littlehampton , Sussex , England , Howard-Gibbon was the oldest daughter of Amelia Dendy and Edward Howard-Gibbon , themselves the illegitimate son of Charles Howard , 11th Duke of Norfolk . They were educated in private schools during the employment of their father at the College of Arms . From their earliest years , Howard-Gibbon enjoyed drawing freehand sketches , some of which survive today . They are believed to have studied French , German , and Art while in Paris , France , and Stuttgart , Germany . They were the first of the Howard-Gibbon siblings to emigrate to Ontario , where they began teaching in St. Thomas . They later moved to Sarnia and continued to teach children there for many years . From a family letter , they then taught in an art school in New York before they moved back to England in 1873 , to claim an inheritance from their uncle Matthew Howard-Gibbon , and became ill . They died in Lambeth and was buried with their father at Saint Nicholas Churchyard in Arundel .
During Howard-Gibbon 's time in Ontario , they created watercolor portraits and sketches of several friends and family members . In 1859 they sketched a children 's alphabet book which they later gave to a friend , Martha Poussette . Many years later Poussette 's family donated the book to the Toronto Children 's Library . ( The original is in the Osborne Collection of Early Children 's Books , catalogued as a book , `` 25 leaves '' , under 24 `` ART '' call numbers whose last words are letters of the alphabet , A to Z except I and U . ) It was finally published in 1966 as An Illustrated Comic Alphabet by Oxford University Press in Toronto ( catalogued as a 31-page book ) and Henry Z. Walck in New York . It is the earliest known children 's picture book by a Canadian artist .
References
Bibliography
External links
1826 births
1874 deaths
19th-century Canadian women artists
19th-century Canadian painters
Canadian illustrators
Canadian children 's writers
Canadian schoolteachers
English emigrants to pre-Confederation Ontario
Canadian women painters
People from Littlehampton
'Lodra ) Lodra is an area like small town in Sindh . Lodra is situated nearby to Goth Ubaidullah , and close to Goth Amal Khan Baloch .
Shikarpur railway station is located in Shikarpur city , Shikarpur district of Sindh province of the Pakistan . Shikarpur railway station is situated 4 km south of Lodra .
See also
Sultan Kot
Shikarpur , Sindh
Jacobabad
References
Populated places in Shikarpur District
Kim Kahana , Sr. ( born 1929 ) is an American actor , stunt performer and action choreographer of Hawaiian and Japanese descent . They have done stunts for over 300 movies and television programs and runs a stunt school in Groveland , Florida that has trained over 15,000 students .
Early life and military service
Unable to read or write , Kahana dropped out of school in third grade . At age 13 they hitchhiked across the United States by himself , sometimes stealing in order to eat . Their performing career began as a knife and fire dancer in a stage show called Samoan Warriors .
Kahana served as a paratrooper in the Korean War where they were captured and shot by an enemy firing squad . Feigning death , they were left by their captors in a mass grave from which they escaped . A hand grenade explosion also rendered them sightless for two years and permanently blind in their left eye . The U.S. military awarded Kahana a Silver Star and two Bronze Star Medals , as well as two Purple Hearts for their services .
In 1955 , Kahana survived a plane crash in the state of Texas that killed the other 32 people on board . Surviving this crash and their experiences in Korea imbued Kahana with a personal life philosophy of , `` Maybe I 'm right where I ought to be . ''
Film , television and stunt career
Kahana entered film after the Korean War , working as an extra , playing a motorcycle rider in 1953 's The Wild One . When they saw that stunt performers were paid more than extras , they pursued a stunt career , training with Yakima Canutt and John Eppers . By the 1960s and throughout the 70s and 80s , they worked steadily as a stuntman for many films including Cool Hand Luke ( 1967 ) , Planet of the Apes 1968 , Che ! ( 1969 ) , Patton ( 1970 ) , The Omega Man ( 1971 ) , Joe Kidd ( 1972 ) , Soylent Green ( 1973 ) , Burt Reynolds ' Smokey and the Bandit franchise , and the disaster films of Irwin Allen . Kahana also doubled for Charles Bronson in their films for over 20 years .
Kahana also performed and coordinated fight scenes and stunts ( often uncredited ) for numerous TV shows , including 28 episodes of Kung Fu , and made numerous appearances on other programs , including Mission Impossible , The Six Million Dollar Man , Vega $ , Magnum , P.I. , Charlie 's Angels , Quincy . Fantasy Island and The Brady Bunch . Because of their size ( 5 ' 7 '' , or 168 cm ) Kahana frequently acted as stunt double for female actors , including Stefanie Powers of The Girl from U.N.C.L.E . and Sally Field on The Flying Nun .
In 1968 , Kahana played a leading role in the Hanna-Barbera children 's adventure serial Danger Island , a live-action serialized adventure story that appeared as part of the Banana Splits Adventure Hour . Their character , Chongo , was a mute castaway from a shipwrecked merchant marine vessel who communicated only using hand signs and bird calls . As the comedic sidekick to fellow castaway Elihu Morgan ( played by Rockne Tarkington ) , Chongo 's antics prompted their friend to call out , `` Uh-oh Chongo ! '' . The catchphrase became popular with children during the following decade , and inevitably followed Kahana in their work and personal life . Because Danger Island aired weekly and Kahana worked both as an actor and as a stunt performer , they were one of the highest paid stunt people in the business .
Over their first three decades of work as a stunt performer , Kahana broke their bones more than 60 times . By the 1980s , Kahana had moved away from doing `` life-threatening '' stunts while still continuing to coordinate action scenes and perform their own stunt work .
Kahana has served as a member of the Stuntmen 's Association of Motion Pictures and spent eight years on the Screen Actors Guild 's Safety Investigative Team and the Stunt Safety Committee . They run a production company called Stunt Action & Safety Coordinator , Inc. that runs second unit production for major motion pictures . They opened the Kahana Stunt School in 1972 to train performers in stunt work and safety , as well as how to navigate the motion picture and TV industries .
Other work
Kahana studied martial arts in Japan where they earned six black belts in karate , aikido and jujutsu . In addition to teaching stunts , they are a martial arts and hand-to-hand combat instructor and weapons expert . Kahana has also run a bodyguard agency , employing as many as 30 people at once .
Personal life
Kim Kahana had three sons ( Tony , Rick , and Kim Jr. ) and one daughter ( Debbie ) , all of whom teach at Kahana 's school , hold black belts in karate and have also performed in numerous blockbuster films . In 2005 Kahana Sr. married their wife Sandra , who works as the lead administrator for the stunt school .
On July 24 , 2012 , Kim Kahana lost their son Rick Kalua Kahana , who died at their home in Canoga Park , California .
Selected filmography
Jeepers Creepers ( 2001 ) Actor , Stunt Player
Matinee ( 1993 ) Stunts
Passenger 57 ( 1992 ) Stunts
Street Soldiers ( 1991 ) Director , Stunt Coordinator
Revenge ( 1990 ) Stunts
Mind Games ( 1989 ) Stunts
Exterminator 2 ( 1984 ) Actor
Smokey and the Bandit II ( 1980 ) Stunts
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century ( 1979 ) Stunts
Up ( 1976 ) Stunt Coordinator
The Killer Elite ( 1975 ) Stunts , Actor , Advisor
Table for Three Stunt Coordinator
Danger Island on the Banana Splits Adventure Hour ( 1968–69 ) as Chongo
References
External links
1929 births
Living people
American stunt performers
American male film actors
American male actors of Japanese descent
Male actors from Hawaii
Karate coaches
American male karateka
American jujutsuka
American aikidoka
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
American military personnel of Japanese descent
Recipients of the Silver Star
Survivors of aviation accidents or incidents
Sooner or Later may refer to :
Music
Albums
Sooner or Later ( BBMak album ) , 2000
Sooner or Later ( Murray Head album ) , 1987
Sooner or Later ( Rex Smith album ) , 1979
Sooner or Later in Spain , 2006 DVD/CD by Marah
Songs
`` Sooner or Later '' ( Duncan James song )
`` Sooner or Later '' ( The Forester Sisters song ) , 1987
`` Sooner or Later '' ( Larry Graham song ) , 1982
`` Sooner or Later '' ( Madonna song ) , 1990
`` Sooner or Later '' ( Michelle Branch song ) , 2009
`` Sooner or Later '' ( The Jades song )
`` Sooner or Later '' ( Breaking Benjamin song ) , 2004
`` Sooner or Later '' ( Jeff Lynne song ) , 1984
`` Sooner or Later '' , a song by The Alan Parsons Project from Vulture Culture
`` Sooner or Later '' , a song by House of Heroes
`` Sooner or Later '' ( N.E.R.D . song )
`` Sooner or Later '' ( The Grass Roots song ) , 1971 ( also covered by GF4 in 1994 )
`` Sooner or Later '' , a song by Monrose from Strictly Physical
`` Sooner or Later '' , a song by Dusty Springfield from White Heat
`` Sooner or Later '' , a song by Michael Tolcher from I Am
`` Sooner or Later '' , a song from Song of the South
`` Sooner or Later '' , a song by Switchfoot
`` Sooner or Later '' , a song by Mat Kearney from Young Love
`` One of Us Must Know ( Sooner or Later ) '' , a 1966 song by Bob Dylan
Other
`` Sooner or Later '' ( Garfield and Friends ) , episode
Sooner or Later ( 1920 film ) , a 1920 American comedy film directed by Wesley Ruggles
Sooner or Later ( 1979 film ) , a 1979 American television film starring Rex Smith
See also
Sooner ( disambiguation )
Later ( disambiguation )
The 2019 Division 1 , part of the 2019 Swedish football season is the 14th season of Sweden 's third-tier football league in its current format . The 2019 fixtures were released in December 2018 . The season started on 6 April 2019 and ended on 2 November 2019 .
Teams
32 teams contest the league divided into two divisions , Norra and Södra . 22 returning from the 2018 season , three relegated from Superettan and seven promoted from Division 2 . The champion of each division will qualify directly for promotion to Superettan , while the two runners-up compete in a play-off against the thirteenth and fourteenth teams from Superettan to decide who will play in the 2020 Superettan . The bottom three teams in each division will qualify directly for relegation to Division 2 , while the two thirteenth-placed teams compete in a play-off with the top two runners-up from Division 2 to decide who will play in 2020 Division 1 .
Stadia and locations
Norra
Södra
1 Correct as of end of 2018 season
League tables
Norra
Norra Results
Södra
Södra Results
Playoffs
The 13th-placed teams of each division meets the best two runners-up from 2019 Division 2 in two-legged ties on a home-and-away basis with the team from Division 1 finishing at home .
Sollentuna FK won 4–1 on aggregate .
Oskarshamns AIK won 4–0 on aggregate .
Season statistics
Top scorers - Norra
Top scorers - Södra
References
2019 in Swedish association football leagues
2019–20 in European third tier association football leagues
The Harry Oppenheimer Fellowship Award is awarded annually by the Oppenheimer Memorial Trust . It is considered the top award for research on the African continent .
In Memory of Harry Oppenheimer
The Award was created in 2001 , in South Africa , by the Trustees of the Oppenheimer Memorial Trust , itself established in 1958 by Harry Oppenheimer in memory of their father , Sir Ernest Oppenheimer .
The philanthropic vision of the once-richest man in the world is embedded within three foundations :
The Brenthurst Foundation contributes energetically to developing economic empowerment in Africa .
The Oppenheimer Memorial Trust funds and encourages science , the arts and the search for knowledge , through various grants and initiatives , and awards Africa 's premier research prize , the Harry Oppenheimer Fellowship Award .
The Brenthurst Library which houses one of the largest collections of rare Africana in the world and the celebrated transcripts of Nelson Mandela 's trials .
How the Fellowship Award is bestowed
Awardees are leading scholars who have a sustained record of outstanding research and intellectual achievement at the highest level . They must have demonstrated a capacity for and a commitment to knowledge transfer to their fellow citizens . Up to now the Award has only been presented to South Africans or South Africa-based academics .
The Award is made by a select committee and approved by the Trustees in December of each year . The Secretary General of the Academy of Science of South Africa chairs the selection proceedings .
The remittance ceremony takes place in April following the year of the Award , at the Oppenheimers ' residence , Brenthurst , in Johannesburg . The Award ( a gold medal and a monetary prize ) is bestowed by Mrs. Harry ( Bridget ) Oppenheimer .
List of Laureates
Source : Oppenheimer Memorial Trust
2018 : Valerie Mizrahi , University of Cape Town
2017 : Mark Solms , University of Cape Town
2016 : Jointly awarded to University of Pretoria and University of Cape Town faculty member Professor Robert ( Bob ) Millar for their work in neuroendocrinology and Professor Lynn Morris , Research Professor at Wits University and Research Associate at the Centre for the Aids Programme of Research in South Africa ( CAPRISA )
2015 : Jointly awarded to Brenda Wingfield , Professor of Genetics , University of Pretoria and Xolela Mangcu , professor in the Department of Sociology at the University of Cape Town
2014 : Helen Rees , Personal Professor in the Wits Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology
2013 : Keertan Dheda , Professor of Respiratory Medicine and Head of UCT 's Division of Pulmonology
2012 : Awarded Robin Crewe , Zoology and Entomology , University of Pretoria for their work on bees
2011 : Les Underhill , Director of the Animal Demography Unit at the University of Cape Town . They will use the funds to continue a lifelong project entitled `` Building early warning systems for Biodiversity in South Africa '' .
2010 : Duncan Mitchell , Emeritus Professor at the University of the Witwatersrand . They investigate the responses of large mammals to global warming and to southern hemisphere drying .
2009 : Jill Farrant , who holds the research chair in the molecular physiology of plant desiccation tolerance at the University of Cape Town and who is investigating the properties of the mostly South African drought-resistant `` resurrection plants '' . They will use the award funds to allow them to work with Professor Felix Keller of the University of Zurich 's Institute of Plant Biology and with Doctor Francesco Loreto of Italy 's Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche ( National Research Council ) who investigates minuscule lipid `` volatiles '' ( chemical signals ) .
2008 : Philippe-Joseph Salazar , University of Cape Town . Salazar , who studied with philosophers Louis Althusser and Emmanuel Levinas , is an alumnus of the prestigious École Normale Supérieure ( France ) . A past director at Jacques Derrida 's foundation , Collège International de Philosophie , they are one of the main disciples of Marc Fumaroli , themselves a laureate of the Balzan Prize . Their pioneering work on rhetoric has placed them at the forefront of this new discipline . They are a noted chronicler on rhetoric and politics for the French public intellectual news magazine L'Annuel des idées .
2007 : Jointly awarded to Jeff Guy South African History Project and Winston Hide . Jeff Guy is a leading historian of traditional Africanism . Winston Hide is a leader in stem cells research in relation to recurrence of cancer in recovered patients .
2006 : Paul Cilliers , University of Stellenbosch in recognition of their outstanding achievements in developing a general understanding of the characteristics and nature of complex systems .
2005 : Norman Owen-Smith , an A-rated scientist in the School of Animal , Plant and Environmental Sciences at the University of the Witwatersrand Prize was awarded in recognition for their outstanding work in helping to foster an understanding of the dynamics of large mammalian herbivores in changing environments .
2004 : Jointly awarded to Igor Barashenkov and Frank Brombacher , Director of the MRC Unit for Immunology of Infectious Diseases in the IIDMM , University of Cape Town .
2003 : No award presented .
2002 : Jan-Hendrik S. Hofmeyr of the Department of Biochemistry at the University of Stellenbosch , for their pioneering work on the organization and behaviour of the living cell .
2001 : David Glasser of the School of Process and Material Engineering at the University of the Witwatersrand was the first recipient of the award .
See also
List of general science and technology awards
References
Fellowships
South African awards
Awards established in 2001
Bailey Hills is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Remsen in Oneida County , northwest of Ninety Six Corners .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
The Good and Faithful Servant is a darkly comic television play by the English playwright Joe Orton . It was originally written in 1964 and was filmed for British television by the company Associated-Rediffusion for ITV as part of the Seven Deadly Sins anthology series , shortly before author Joe Orton 's murder in 1967 .
The play was later performed theatrically . A production directed by Fred Proud was performed at the King 's Head Theatre in Islington , London in 1971 .
A Canadian adaptation , aired in 1975 as an episode of the CBC Television anthology series Performance , starred Cyril Cusack and Helen Burns in the lead roles .
Original television cast
Donald Pleasence – Buchanan
Hermione Baddeley – Edith
Patricia Routledge – Mrs Vealfoy
Sheila White – Debbie
Richard O'Callaghan – Ray
Jack Bligh – old man
Plot
Buchanan , a doorman who has worked at the same company for fifty years is close to retirement when they meet Edith , a cleaning woman , who turns out to be their former lover and , unbeknownst to him , mother of their twin sons . Buchanan destroys their retirement gifts after having reflected on a wasted life , and in the following scene we see Buchanan and Edith , whom they married , waking up in bed together . Whilst they happily natter away Buchanan , tears running down their cheeks , closes their eyes and silently dies in bed next to them
References
External links
1967 plays
British television plays
Plays by Joe Orton
English-language plays
Black comedy plays
Paradichelia euryptycha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found on New Guinea .
References
Moths described in 1952
Archipini
Metamorfosis is an American record label founded by the Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona in 2011 .
Background and history
Arjona has commented several times that they considered the way they decided to go independent raised more compromise than freedom , saying that `` Inside the word 'Independent ' , even when it sounds like extreme freedom , there 's a big amount of compromise and the responsibility of being able to administrate , in the best way possible , such independence . '' Weeks before the release of Independiente , the Guatemalan singer released a letter in which they talked about their past relations with recording companies . In the letter , Arjona revealed that they entered in their first record label by exchange , and that they received the `` minimum royalty percentage '' from their most successful albums .
Billboard notes that although other groups have decided to launch their works independently after having a contract with major record labels , Arjona is by far the most important artist in Latin pop to follow this trend . On March 29 , Billboard reported that Gaby Moreno , who is featured on Arjona 's single `` Fuiste Tú '' , had signed with Metamorfosis , saying , `` When I turned 17 , I was signed by a very important label in the United States , [ ... ] , but I did n't feel comfortable when they told me which songs had to go into production . ''
Signed artists
Ricardo Arjona
Gaby Moreno
Buena Fe ( duo )
Rudy Gagliorio
Albums released
Ricardo Arjona – Independiente ( 2011 )
Gaby Moreno – Postales ( 2012 )
Ricardo Arjona – Viaje ( 2014 )
Gaby Moreno – Posada ( 2014 )
Buena Fe – SOY ( 2015 )
Ricardo Arjona – Apague la Luz y Escuche ( 2016 )
Gaby Moreno – Ilusion ( 2016 )
Ricardo Arjona – Circo Soledad ( 2017 )
Ricardo Arjona – Circo Soledad La Despedida CD y DVD ( 2018 )
Ricardo Arjona – Blanco ( 2020 )
Personnel
Ricardo Arjona
Nicolas Fernandez
Nicole Carvajal
Eli Aldasoro
Alejandra Gutierrez
Susana Graefe
Catherine Cybulkiewicz
Maria Lozano
References
Latin American music record labels
Mexican record labels
Warner Music labels
Record labels established in 2011
Ricardo Arjona
Information quality ( IQ ) is the quality of the content of information systems . It is often pragmatically defined as : `` The fitness for use of the information provided '' . IQ frameworks also provide a tangible approach to assess and measure DQ/IQ in a robust and rigorous manner .
Conceptual problems
Although this pragmatic definition is usable for most everyday purposes , specialists often use more complex models for information quality . Most information system practitioners use the term synonymously with data quality . However , as many academics make a distinction between data and information , some will the process to guarantee confidence that particular information meets some context specific quality requirements . It has been suggested , however , that higher the quality the greater will be the confidence in meeting more general , less specific contexts .
Dimensions and metrics of information quality
`` Information quality '' is a measure of the value which the information provides to the user of that information . `` Quality '' is often perceived as subjective and the quality of information can then vary among users and among uses of the information . Nevertheless , a high degree of quality increases its objectivity or at least the intersubjectivity . Accuracy can be seen as just one element of IQ but , depending upon how it is defined , can also be seen as encompassing many other dimensions of quality .
If not , it is perceived that often there is a trade-off between accuracy and other dimensions , aspects or elements of the information determining its suitability for any given tasks . Richard Wang and Diane Strong propose a list of dimensions or elements used in assessing Information Quality is :
Intrinsic IQ : accuracy , objectivity , Believability , reputation
Contextual IQ : relevance , value-added , Timeliness , Completeness , amount of information
Representational IQ : interpretability , format , coherence , compatibility
Accessibility IQ : accessibility , access security
Other authors propose similar but different lists of dimensions for analysis , and emphasize measurement and reporting as information quality metrics . Larry English prefers the term `` characteristics '' to dimensions . In fact , a considerable amount of information quality research involves investigating and describing various categories of desirable attributes ( or dimensions ) of data . Research has recently shown the huge diversity of terms and classification structures used .
While information as a distinct term has various ambiguous definitions , there 's one which is more general , such as `` description of events '' . While the occurrences being described can not be subjectively evaluated for quality , since they 're very many autonomous events in space and time , their description can—since it possesses a garnishment attribute , unavoidably attached by the medium which carried the information , from the initial moment of the occurrences being described .
In an attempt to deal with this natural phenomenon , qualified professionals primarily representing the researchers ' guild , have at one point or another identified particular metrics for information quality . They could also be described as 'quality traits ' of information , since they 're not so easily quantified , but rather subjectively identified on an individual basis .
Quality metrics
Authority/verifiability
Authority refers to the expertise or recognized official status of a source . Consider the reputation of the author and publisher . When working with legal or government information , consider whether the source is the official provider of the information . Verifiability refers to the ability of a reader to verify the validity of the information irrespective of how authoritative the source is . To verify the facts is part of the duty of care of the journalistic deontology , as well as , where possible , to provide the sources of information so that they can be verified
Scope of coverage
Scope of coverage refers to the extent to which a source explores a topic . Consider time periods , geography or jurisdiction and coverage of related or narrower topics .
Composition and organization
Composition and organization has to do with the ability of the information source to present its particular message in a coherent , logically sequential manner .
Objectivity
Objectivity is the bias or opinion expressed when a writer interprets or analyze facts . Consider the use of persuasive language , the source 's presentation of other viewpoints , its reason for providing the information and advertising .
Integrity
Adherence to moral and ethical principles ; soundness of moral character
The state of being whole , entire , or undiminished
Comprehensiveness
Of large scope ; covering or involving much ; inclusive : a comprehensive study .
Comprehending mentally ; having an extensive mental grasp .
Insurance . covering or providing broad protection against loss .
Validity
Validity of some information has to do with the degree of obvious truthfulness which the information carries
Uniqueness
As much as ‘ uniqueness ' of a given piece of information is intuitive in meaning , it also significantly implies not only the originating point of the information but also the manner in which it is presented and thus the perception which it conjures . The essence of any piece of information we process consists to a large extent of those two elements .
Timeliness
Timeliness refers to information that is current at the time of publication . Consider publication , creation and revision dates . Beware of Web site scripting that automatically reflects the current day 's date on a page .
Reproducibility ( utilized primarily when referring to instructive information )
Means that documented methods are capable of being used on the same data set to achieve a consistent result .
Professional associations
IQ International—the International Association for Information and Data Quality
IQ International is a not-for-profit , vendor neutral , professional association formed in 2004 , dedicated to building the information and data quality profession .
Information quality conferences
A number of major conferences relevant to information quality are held annually :
Annual MIT Chief Data Officer & Information Quality ( CDOIQ ) Symposium
Annual conferences held at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Cambridge , MA , USA
Data Governance and Information Quality Conference
Commercial conferences held each year in the USA
Data Quality Asia Pacific
Commercial conference held annually in Sydney or Melbourne , Australia
Enterprise Data and Business Intelligence Conference Europe
Commercial conferences held annually in London , England .
Information and Data Quality Conference
Not for profit conference run annually by IQ International ( the International Association for Information and Data Quality ) in the USA
International Conference on Information Quality
Academic Conference launched through MITIQ held annually at a University
Master Data Management & Data Governance Conferences
Six major conferences are run annually by the MDM Institute in venues such as London , San Francisco , Sydney , Toronto , Madrid , Frankfurt , Shanghai and New York City .
See also
Data quality
Accuracy and precision
Information pollution
Information Quality ( InfoQ )
References
Information science
Data quality
Peter Joseph O'Loghlen ( 1883 – 25 October 1971 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician . A publican , they were first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Clare constituency at the 1938 general election . They were lost their Dáil seat at the 1943 general election but was nominated by the Taoiseach to the 4th Seanad . They regained their Dáil seat at the 1944 general election . They did not contest the 1948 general election . O'Loghlen was a leading member of , and main political representative for , An Ríoghacht .
References
1883 births
1971 deaths
Fianna Fáil TDs
Members of the 10th Dáil
Members of the 4th Seanad
Members of the 12th Dáil
Politicians from County Clare
Nominated members of Seanad Éireann
Fianna Fáil senators
Sir Robert George Burgess DL , FAcSS ( 23 April 1947 - 21 February 2022 ) was a British sociologist and academic . They were appointed Vice-Chancellor of the University of Leicester in 1999 , succeeding Ken Edwards . They were President of the British Sociological Association 1989–1991 . They are currently chair of the board of GSM London .
Early life
They were born in Sturminster in Dorset . They grew up Somerset , and attended the King Arthur 's School in Wincanton , from 1958 . They taught for a year at Bennett Memorial Diocesan School , a church school , in Tunbridge Wells in Kent .
Burgess received their BA degree from the University of Durham in 1971 and their PhD degree from the University of Warwick in 1981 .
Career
They remained at Warwick as a lecturer and became Professor of Sociology in 1987 . They then rose through the ranks , serving as Senior Pro-Vice-Chancellor 1995–99 . Burgess then moved to the University of Leicester as Vice-Chancellor , introducing sweeping changes that enhanced the university 's reputation and saw it enter the top-20 institutions in many league tables .
Burgess was chair of the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service ( UCAS ) 2005–11 , the Research Information Network 2005–11 , and is the chair of the UUK/Guild They Teacher Education Advisory Group . In 2007 , Burgess chaired the steering group that produced the Burgess Report , calling for sweeping changes in university degree classification that would replace the established system of first- and second class degrees .
Burgess retired from the post of Vice-Chancellor in September 2014 , at age 67 . They were succeeded by Professor Paul Boyle .
Personal life
Burgess was knighted in the 2010 New Year Honours . They became an Academician of the Social Sciences in 2000 . They received an Honorary DLitt degree from the University of Staffordshire in 1998 and a DUniv degree from the University of Northampton in 2007 .
They married Hilary Margaret Mary Joyce in 1974 and lists their recreations as walking , music and `` some gardening '' . Sir Bob and Lady Burgess live at Knighton Hall , the University of Leicester 's traditional vice-chancellor 's residence in Knighton , Leicester . Burgess 's record in building both the university 's academic reputation and its campus buildings have earned them the nickname Bob the Builder among their university colleagues .
References
1947 births
Living people
Academics of the University of Leicester
Alumni of the College of the Venerable Bede , Durham
Alumni of the University of Warwick
British sociologists
Comprehensive education
Deputy Lieutenants of Leicestershire
Fellows of the Academy of Social Sciences
Knights Bachelor
People from Knighton , Leicester
People from Sturminster Newton
People from Wincanton
Presidents of the British Sociological Association
UCAS
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Leicester
The Albert Luthuli Local Municipality is a Local Municipality in Mpumalanga in South Africa . The council consists of forty-nine members elected by mixed-member proportional representation . Twenty-five councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in twenty-five wards , while the remaining twenty-four are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received . In the election of 1 November 2021 the African National Congress ( ANC ) won a majority of thirty-eight seats .
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections .
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election .
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election .
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election .
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election .
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election .
By-elections from November 2021
The following by-elections were held to fill vacant ward seats in the period since November 2021 .
References
Albert Luthuli
Long Sukang ( also known as Sukang ) is a Lun Bawang settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak , Malaysia . It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching .
The village has over 60 households , with a total population of about 500 . Facilities include a clinic , primary school , a Sidang Injil Borneo ( SIB ) Church and solar hybrid power . Long Sukang Airport is nearby .
The four villages , Long Lidung , Long Remirang , Puneng Brayong and Long Tuyo are close to Long Sukang , and they all co-operate in social and welfare activities .
The surrounding settlements include :
Long Lutok northwest
Long Berayong south
Long Remirang northwest
Pa Brayong south
Long Buang south
Long Tengoa northwest
Long Merarap south
Kampung Tagar north
Kampung Kuala Beriwan northwest
Kampung Belu northwest
References
Villages in Sarawak
Magne Lystad ( 12 November 1932 , in Kongsvinger – 21 January 1999 , in Oslo ) was a Norwegian orienteering competitor .
Magne Lystad won the first ever European championships in orienteering in 1962 , and finished second in the team relay . They became Nordic champion in 1957 and 1959 . Lystad was crowned Norwegian champion seven times between 1954 and 1962 .
In 1957 Lystad shared the title Norwegian Sportsperson of the Year with speedskater Knut Johannesen .
References
1932 births
1999 deaths
Norwegian orienteers
Male orienteers
Foot orienteers
Sportspeople from Kongsvinger
20th-century Norwegian people
Waverton is any of the following places :
Waverton , Cheshire , a civil parish in Cheshire , England .
Waverton , Cumbria , a civil parish in Cumbria , England .
Waverton , New South Wales , a suburb of Sydney , Australia .
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Sàbat Hill , Livingston Island
Sabazios Glacier , Sentinel Range
Sabin Point , Nelson Island
Sadala Point , Robert Island
Saedinenie Snowfield , Livingston Island
Sagita Island , Astrolabe Island
Sakar Peak , Livingston Island
Salash Nunatak , Greenwich Island
Saldobisa Cove , Trinity Island
Samodiva Glacier , Davis Coast
Samokov Knoll , Livingston Island
Samotino Point , Nordenskjöld Coast
Samuel Point , Livingston Island
San Stefano Peak , Rugged Island
Sandanski Point , Livingston Island
Sandilh Point , Oscar II Coast
Saparevo Glacier , Smith Island
Mount Sara Teodora , Oscar II Coast
Mount Sarnegor , Brabant Island
Satovcha Peak , Alexander Island
Mount Schuyler , Trinity Peninsula
Sea Lion Glacier , Livingston Island
Sea Lion Tarn , Livingston Island
Sekirna Spur , Oscar II Coast
Semela Ridge , Loubet Coast
Senokos Nunatak , Trinity Peninsula
Serdica Peak , Livingston Island
Sestrimo Glacier , Trinity Peninsula
Sevar Point , Livingston Island
Sevlievski Peak , Smith Island
Sevtopolis Peak , Greenwich Island
Seydol Crag , Trinity Peninsula
Sexaginta Prista Bay , Oscar II Coast
Shabla Knoll , Livingston Island
Shapkarev Buttress , Fallières Coast
Sherba Ridge , Loubet Coast
Sheynovo Peak , Brabant Island
Shipka Saddle , Livingston Island
Shipka Valley , Livingston Island
Shipot Point , Robert Island
Shishman Peak , Livingston Island
Shopski Cove , Greenwich Island
Shterna Glacier , Liège Island
Shumen Peak , Livingston Island
Shut Island , Wilhelm Archipelago
Sigmen Glacier , Liège Island
Sigritsa Point , Livingston Island
Sikera Valley , Sentinel Range
Silistra Knoll , Livingston Island
Silyanov Peak , Sentinel Range
Simeon Peak , Livingston Island
Simeonov Island , South Orkney Islands
Simitli Point , Rugged Island
Sindel Point , Livingston Island
Sinemorets Hill , Livingston Island
Siniger Nunatak , Trinity Peninsula
Sinion Glacier , Nordenskjöld Coast
Sinitovo Gap , Danco Coast
Sintika Cove , Elephant Island
Sipey Bluff , Sentinel Range
Siren Lake , Livingston Island
Sirma Glacier , Sentinel Range
Sitalk Peak , Livingston Island
Skafida Peak , Sentinel Range
Skaidava Bay , Alexander Island
Skakavitsa Peak , Trinity Peninsula
Skaklya Glacier , Sentinel Range
Skalina Point , Smith Island
Skamni Saddle , Sentinel Range
Skaplizo Glacier , Clarence Island
Skaptopara Cove , Greenwich Island
Skoba Island , Wilhelm Archipelago
Skomlya Hill , Trinity Peninsula
Skoparnik Bluff , Trinity Peninsula
Škorpil Glacier , Loubet Coast
Skravena Cove , Livingston Island
Skrino Rocks , Robert Island
Sladun Peninsula , Danco Coast
Slanchev Bryag Cove , South Orkney Islands
Slatina Peak , Smith Island
Slav Point , Oscar II Coast
Slaveykov Peak , Smith Island
Slavotin Point , Nelson Island
Slavyanka Beach , Elephant Island
Sliven Peak , Livingston Island
Slomer Cove , Trinity Peninsula
Smilets Point , Nelson Island
Smilyan Bastion , Loubet Coast
Smin Peak , Trinity Peninsula
Smirnenski Point , Robert Island
Smith Cove , Clarence Island
Smochevo Cove , Low Island
Smokinya Cove , Trinity Peninsula
Smolensk Strait , South Shetland Islands
Smolyan Point , Livingston Island
Smyadovo Cove , Rugged Island
Snegotin Ridge , Trinity Peninsula
Soatris Island , Brabant Island
Sofia Peak , Livingston Island
Sofia University Mountains , Alexander Island
Sokol Point , Graham Coast
Solari Bay , Nordenskjöld Coast
Solnik Point , Low Island
Solun Glacier , Loubet Coast
Somovit Point , Robert Island
Sonketa Ridge , Danco Coast
Sopot Ice Piedmont , Livingston Island
Sostra Heights , Sentinel Range
Soyka Saddle , Clarence Island
Sozopol Gap , Livingston Island
Spanish Knoll , Livingston Island
Spanish Point , Livingston Island
Sparadok Point , Livingston Island
Spartacus Peak , Livingston Island
Spatnik Island , Wilhelm Archipelago
Spoluka Point , Nordenskjöld Coast
Sprey Island , Wilhelm Archipelago
Sratsimir Hill , Davis Coast
Srebarna Glacier , Livingston Island
Sredets Point , Smith Island
Srednogorie Heights , Trinity Peninsula
Sredorek Peak , Davis Coast
Srem Gap , Trinity Peninsula
St. Angelariy Peak , Oscar II Coast
St. Boris Peak , Livingston Island
St. Brigid Island , Biscoe Islands
St. Christopher Island , Biscoe Islands
St. Cyril Peak , Livingston Island
St. Evtimiy Crag , Livingston Island
St. Gorazd Peak , Oscar II Coast
St. Isidore Island , Biscoe Islands
St. Ivan Rilski Col , Livingston Island
St. Kiprian Peak , Greenwich Island
St. Kliment Ohridski Base , Livingston Island
St. Methodius Peak , Livingston Island
St. Naum Peak , Livingston Island
St. Nicholas Cove , South Orkney Islands
St. Sava Peak , Oscar II Coast
St. Sofroniy Knoll , Snow Island
St. Theodosius Nunatak , Alexander Island
Stambolov Crag , Livingston Island
Stancheva Peak , Foyn Coast
Stargel Peak , Oscar II Coast
Starmen Point , Graham Coast
Starosel Gate , Livingston Island
Stavertsi Ridge , Brabant Island
Stefan Karadzha Peak , Graham Coast
Stego Island , Wilhelm Archipelago
Stevrek Ridge , Oscar II Coast
Stikal Peak , Sentinel Range
Stob Glacier , Oscar II Coast
Stolnik Peak , Sentinel Range
Storgozia Nunatak , Nordenskjöld Coast
Stoyanov Cove , Livingston Island
Stoykite Buttress , Nordenskjöld Coast
Strahil Peak , Sentinel Range
Strandzha Glacier , Livingston Island
Strelcha Spur , Graham Coast
Stresher Peninsula , Graham Coast
Stribog Mountains , Brabant Island
Strinava Glacier , Sentinel Range
Struma Glacier , Livingston Island
Stryama Peak , Alexander Island
Stubel Hill , Trinity Peninsula
Studena Point , Anvers Island
Suhache Rock , Robert Island
Suhindol Point , Smith Island
Sumer Passage , Liège Island
Suregetes Cove , Krogh Island
Sursuvul Point , Davis Coast
Survakari Nunatak , Trinity Peninsula
Svetlya Peak , Oscar II Coast
Svetovrachene Glacier , Brabant Island
Svetulka Island , Robert Island
Svilengrad Peninsula , Davis Coast
Svishtov Cove , Livingston Island
Svoge Knoll , Livingston Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica . Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia , 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart . Antarctica : An Encyclopedia . Jefferson , N.C. and London : McFarland , 2011 . 1771 pp .
L. Ivanov . Bulgarian Names in Antarctica . Sofia : Manfred Wörner Foundation , 2021 . Second edition . 539 pp . ( in Bulgarian )
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
P. alpinus may refer to :
Phyllocladus alpinus , a conifer species found only in New Zealand
Potamogeton alpinus , the alpine pondweed or red pondweed , an aquatic plant species native to much of the Northern Hemisphere
See also
Alpinus ( disambiguation )
State highway spurs in Texas are owned and maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .
Spur 400
Spur 400 is located in Laredo . It runs from Arkansas Boulevard along Clark Boulevard to Loop 20 .
Spur 400 was designated on April 1 , 1986 , along the current route .
Spur 400 ( 1964 )
The original Spur 400 was designated on June 22 , 1964 , from FM 125 south to US 59 in Linden along an old routing of SH 8 . Spur 400 was cancelled and transferred to FM 125 Spur .
Spur 406
Spur 406 is located in Val Verde County . It runs from US 90 to Amistad Reservoir .
Spur 406 was designated on October 27 , 1967 , as a redesignation of Loop 406 after a small section was transferred to Spur 454 and the remainder was removed altogether .
Spur 407
Spur 407 is located in Corpus Christi . It runs from I-37 and Alta Loma Road to downtown Corpus Christi .
Spur 407 was designated on February 26 , 1965 , on the current route along an old routing of SH 9 ( now I-37 ) ; the route was signed as SH 9 Business during construction of I-37 .
Spur 408
Spur 408 is located in Dallas . It runs from I-20 to Loop 12 .
Spur 408 was designated on March 31 , 1965 , on the current route .
Spur 412
Spur 412 is located in Waco . It runs from SH 6 to a point 2.2 miles east , at 503 feet above sea level near Speegleville Park .
Spur 412 was designated on March 31 , 1965 , on the current route along an old routing of SH 6 .
Spur 413
Spur 413 is located in Sebastian . It runs from Business US 77 to US 77 .
Spur 413 was designated on July 30 , 1965 , on the current route .
Spur 414
Spur 414 is located in McElroy . It runs from US 96 south of Pineland to Sam Rayburn Reservoir .
Spur 414 was designated on July 29 , 1965 , on the current route along an old routing of US 96 .
Spur 417
Spur 417 was designated on October 15 , 1965 , from US 287 ( now US 70/US 287 ) northwest of Vernon to US 70 ( now Loop 488 ) in Vernon along an old routing of US 287 . The route was signed as US 287 Business rather than Spur 417 . On June 21 , 1990 , Spur 417 was cancelled and transferred to Business US 287-F .
Spur 419
Spur 419 is located in Old Ocean . It runs from CR 374 to SH 35 .
Spur 419 was designated on May 30 , 2013 , as a redesignation of Loop 419 when a section was returned to Brazoria County .
Spur 421
Spur 421 is located in San Antonio . It runs from I-410/SH 16 to I-10/US 87 .
Spur 421 was designated on November 16 , 1965 , on the current route as a replacement of SH 16 , which was rerouted along I-410 .
Spur 422
Spur 422 is located in San Antonio . It runs from I-35 in southern San Antonio to I-410/SH 16 .
Spur 422 was designated on November 16 , 1965 , on the current route as a replacement of SH 16 , which was rerouted along I-410 .
Spur 423
Spur 423 is located in Mount Vernon . It runs from US 67 to I-30 .
Spur 423 was designated on November 22 , 1965 , on the current route as a replacement of a section of FM 899 .
Spur 425
Spur 425 is located in Brownsville . It runs from a Border Safety Inspection Facility at the Mexico border eastward to I-69E/US 77/US 83 .
Spur 425 was designated on June 24 , 2010 , on the current route .
Spur 433
Spur 433 is located in Donna . It runs from US 83 to US 83 Business ( former Loop 374 ) .
Spur 433 was designated on August 5 , 1966 , on the current route .
Spur 435
Spur 435 was designated on August 31 , 1966 , as a spur off Park Road 20 to the marina in Eisenhower State Park . Spur 435 was cancelled and transferred to PR 20 .
Spur 437
Spur 437 is located in Ennis . It runs from SH 34 along Clay Street to US 287 .
Spur 437 was designated on January 3 , 1967 , on the current route .
Spur 437 ( 1966 )
The original Spur 437 was in Ennis along Preston Street instead of Clay Street . It was formed on October 3 , 1966 , and was cancelled on January 3 , 1967 .
Spur 440
Spur 440 ( 1966 )
The first use of the Spur 440 designation was in Ellis County as a spur of SH 34 in Ennis . Spur 440 was cancelled in 1972 .
Spur 440 ( 1972 )
The next use of the Spur 440 designation was in Wise County , from US 81/US 287 and SH 114 in northern Rhome to Loop 506 ( now Business US 81 ) along an old routing of SH 114 . The route was signed as SH 114 Business rather than Spur 440 . On June 21 , 1990 , Spur 440 was cancelled and transferred to Business SH 114-J .
Spur 447
Spur 447 is located in Wichita Falls . It runs from US 82/US 287 to SH 240 .
Spur 447 was designated on April 27 , 1967 , on the current route .
Spur 449
Spur 449 is located in Harrison County . It runs from SH 43 to FM 134 at Karnack .
Spur 449 was designated on June 1 , 1967 , on the current route as a replacement of section of SH 43 .
Spur 450
Spur 450 is located in Odessa . It runs from SH 302/Loop 338 to US 385 .
Spur 450 was designated on September 26 , 1967 , on the current route along an old routing of SH 302 .
Spur 452
Spur 452 was designated on September 26 , 1967 , from SH 183 in Fort Worth northeast to IH 820 as a replacement of a section of SH 121 . On April 14 , 1980 , Spur 452 was cancelled and transferred to SH 26 .
Spur 454
Spur 454 is located in Val Verde County . It runs from US 90 to Amistad Reservoir .
Spur 454 was designated on October 27 , 1967 , on the current route as a replacement of a section of Loop 406 .
Spur 458
Spur 458 is located in Fayette County . It runs from US 290 in Carmine to SH 237 .
Spur 458 was designated on November 1 , 1968 , on the current route along an old routing of US 290 .
Spur 459
Spur 459 is located in Mathis . It runs from I-37 to SH 359 .
Spur 459 was designated on May 31 , 1971 , as a replacement of a section of SH 9 .
Spur 459 ( 1968 )
The original Spur 459 was designated on July 31 , 1969 , from SH 121 , 2 miles northeast of Grapevine , south to a proposed rerouting of SH 114 east of Grapevine . Spur 459 was cancelled on July 31 , 1969 , and became a portion of SH 121 .
Spur 460
Spur 460 was designated on February 29 , 1968 , in Beeville from then-proposed US 181 southwest along Charco Road to then-US 181 ( later Loop 516 , now Business US 181 ) . On October 16 , 1979 , Spur 460 was cancelled and transferred to FM 3355 .
Spur 465
Spur 465 is located in Tarrant County . It runs from I-20 ( former I-820 ) to SH 183 ( former Loop 820 ) .
Spur 468
Spur 468 is located in Amarillo . It runs from I-40 exit 76 north to Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport .
Spur 468 was designated on August 2 , 1968 , on the current route .
Spur 469
Spur 469 is located in Ennis . It runs from IH 45 to Business IH 45 .
Spur 469 was designated on November 20 , 1997 , on the current route .
Spur 469 ( 1969 )
The original Spur 469 was designated on May 28 , 1969 , from US 82 near western Paris east along Bonham Street and Lamar Avenue to US 82 near eastern Paris . The route was signed as US 82 Business rather than Spur 469 . On June 21 , 1990 , Spur 469 was cancelled and transferred to Business US 82-H .
Spur 470
Spur 470 is located in Timpson . It runs from US 59/US 84 to SH 87 .
Spur 470 was designated on August 14 , 1968 , on the current route along an old routing of US 59/US 84 .
Spur 471
Spur 471 is located in Leon Valley . It runs from western Leon Valley to SH 16 .
Spur 471 was designated on December 18 , 2014 , on the current route as a replacement of a section of FM 471 .
Spur 471 ( 1968 )
The original Spur 471 was designated on October 1 , 1968 , from I-20 north of Colorado City south to Loop 377 ( now Business IH 20 ) in Colorado City along an old routing of SH 208 . The route was signed as SH 208 Business rather than Spur 471 . On June 21 , 1990 , Spur 471 was cancelled and transferred to Business SH 208-B .
Spur 474
Spur 474 is located in North Richland Hills . It runs from SH 183 to Onyx Drive .
Spur 474 was designated on July 1 , 1969 , on the current route .
Spur 479
Spur 479 was designated on May 16 , 1969 , in Wichita Falls from Holliday Street ( then US 82 ) to Scott Street ( then Loop 370 , now Business US 287 ) along an old routing of US 82 . The same day the route was corrected to run along Sixth Street and was signed as US 82 Business rather than Spur 479 . On May 26 , 1983 , the western terminus was moved to Broad Street ( then US 281 ) . On December 17 , 2009 , Spur 479 was cancelled and returned to the city of Wichita Falls .
Spur 482
Spur 482 is located in Dallas . It runs from SH 183 to Loop 354 .
Spur 482 was designated on January 7 , 1971 , on the current route as a replacement of a section of Loop 12 when it was rerouted on top of Spur 348 .
Spur 484
Spur 484 was designated on January 30 , 1970 , from Loop 635 ( now IH 635 ) south along and near Valley View Lane to Loop 9 ( now SH 161 ) near Belt Line Road . On October 31 , 1979 , Spur 484 was cancelled and transferred to SH 161 .
Spur 486
Spur 486 is located in San Benito . It runs from I-69E/US 77/US 83 to Business US 77 .
Spur 486 was designated on January 30 , 1970 , on the current route .
Spur 487
Spur 487 was designated on January 30 , 1970 , from Loop 374 ( now Business US 83 ) in McAllen south along Ware Road to US 83 . On December 19 , 1996 , by district request , Spur 487 was cancelled and transferred to UR 2220 ( now FM 2220 ) to provide a continuous route for FM 2220 .
Spur 490
Spur 490 is located in Eastland . It runs from SH 6 ( former US 80 ) to I-20 .
Spur 490 was designated on May 7 , 1970 , on the current route .
Spur 492
Spur 492 was designated on June 4 , 1970 , from Grandview Avenue in Odessa east to Loop 338 , replacing FM 2399 . Two months later the road was extended to Loop 338 east of Odessa . Spur 492 was cancelled on April 26 , 1983 , and transferred to SH 191 .
References
+4
State highway spurs 400
State highway spurs 400
Isen is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany .
Isen has once been home to a Benedictine abbey . The abbey was dissolved however during the secularisation in 1802 so only the St. Zeno Church remains today .
In 1946 Isen had a population of 1,631 .
Sources
Erding ( district )
Air Time is an album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill , Steve McCall , and Fred Hopkins performing three of Threadgill 's compositions and one each by Hopkins and McCall .
Reception
The Penguin Guide to Jazz selected this album as part of its suggested Core Collection , stating : `` Listening in detail to its five tracks ... helps illuminate much of the group 's language , its vivid exploitation of splintered tempi , deliberately awkward and raucous phrasing , devices from other musical traditions ... and most particularly the use of percussion as another voiced and pitched instrument '' .
In their Allmusic review , Scott Yanow comments : `` The trio Air aimed to have close interplay between three musical equals . This Nessa release ( their first recording for an American label ) has plenty of explorative solos '' . The Rolling Stone Jazz Record Guide said : `` Air Time is probably the best single album indication of the band 's range '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Henry Threadgill except as indicated
`` I 'll Be Right Here Waiting ... '' ( Steve McCall ) – 2:29
`` No . 2 '' – 11:46
`` G.v.E . '' ( Fred Hopkins ) – 6:59
`` Subtraction '' – 13:20
`` Keep Right on Playing Thru the Mirror Over the Water '' – 9:04
Recorded at Streeterville Studios , Chicago , IL on November 17 ( tracks 2 & 3 ) & November 18 ( tracks 1 , 4 & 5 ) , 1977
Personnel
Henry Threadgill – alto saxophone , tenor saxophone , flute , bass flute , hubkaphone
Fred Hopkins – bass
Steve McCall – drums , percussion
References
1978 albums
Air ( free jazz trio ) albums
Nessa Records albums
The T. S. Eliot Prize for Poetry is awarded annually by Truman State University , which is a United States university located in Missouri . First awarded in 1997 , the prize is given `` for the best unpublished book-length collection of poetry in English , in honor of native Missourian T. S. Eliot 's considerable intellectual and artistic legacy '' . Eliot won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1948 . The prize includes publication of the collection as well as a purse of $ 2000 . Poets submit their unpublished collections to Truman State University Press for each year 's competition . A well-known poet is chosen each year to judge the collections , and to select the winner and several finalists .
List of winners
The winners , collection titles , and judges of the annual Prize are listed below . In addition to the winner , several finalists are announced for each year 's competition . The complete list of winners and finalists is posted at the Truman State University Press website . As examples , Deborah Warren and A. M. Juster were finalists , and both Patty Seyburn and Daniel Bourne have been finalists twice .
References
American poetry awards
T. S. Eliot
Truman State University
Demba Bamba ( born 17 March 1998 ) is a French rugby union player . Their position is prop and they currently play for Lyon in the Top 14 .
Early life and education
Demba 's parents originate from Mauritania and they grew up in the Saint-Denis area of Paris . They played various sports , including handball , when young .
Playing career
Demba played for the 2019 France U-20 side that won the U-20 World Cup .
They were selected for the French squad for the 2 February 2020 game against England in the 2020 Six Nations .
They came on as a substitute in the 2020 Six Nations game against Wales on 22 February 2020 .
Honours
Lyon
EPCR Challenge Cup : 2021–22
France
Six Nations Championship : 2022
France U20
Six Nations Under 20s Championship : 2018
World Rugby Under 20 Championship : 2018
References
External links
France profile at FFR
Lyon OU profile
1998 births
Living people
French rugby union players
France international rugby union players
French sportspeople of Mauritanian descent
CA Brive players
Lyon OU players
Sportspeople from Saint-Denis , Seine-Saint-Denis
Rugby union props
Chaudhry Wajahat Hussain ( ; born ) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013 . They are the father of the current member national assembly Chaudhry Hussain Elahi and uncle of Moonis Elahi and Chaudhry Salik Hussain .
Early life
They were born in 1950 in Gujrat , Pakistan .
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-104 ( Gujrat-I ) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) ( PML-Q ) in 2002 Pakistani general election . They received 82,126 votes and defeated Nawabzada Ghazanfar Ali Gul . In the same election , they also ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-105 ( Gujrat-II ) as an independent candidate but was unsuccessful . They received 1,061 votes and lost the seat to Shujaat Hussain .
They were re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-104 ( Gujrat-I ) as a candidate of PML-Q in 2008 Pakistani general election . They received 96,379 votes and defeated Nawabzada Ghazanfar Ali Gul . On 3 May 2011 , they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was appointed as Federal Minister for Overseas Pakistanis where they served until 15 May 2011 . On 16 May , they were made Federal Minister for Labour and Manpower where they served until 30 June 2011 . From 1 July to 29 July , they remained in the federal cabinet with the status of a federal minister without any portfolio . On 30 July , they were appointed as Federal Minister for Human Resource Development where they continued to serve until June 2012 . In June 2012 , they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf and was appointed as Federal Minister for Human Resource Development where they served until May 2013 .
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-104 ( Gujrat-I ) as a candidate of PML-Q in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful . They received 81,231 votes and lost the seat to Nawabzada Mazhar Ali .
References
Living people
Chaudhry family
Punjabi people
People from Gujrat District
Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) politicians
1960 births
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Daryl F. Gates ' Police Quest : SWAT is the fifth game in the Police Quest series . It is a graphic adventure game released in 1995 , and re-released in 2016 for Steam . With extensive use of FMV videos for its basic gameplay , the game required four CD-ROMs . The game received negative reviews from critics , but was a commercial success , with sales of over 1 million units by March 2000 .
Gameplay
In keeping with the strict realism of the previous series , the majority of the game is spent performing training exercises . In fact , there are only three actual missions in the game ( a mentally ill grandmother , a barricaded fugitive , and a terrorist attack ) . The first mission is available after the player completes a single training exercise and then attends a tactical lecture . The second becomes available after completing the first . After successfully playing several variations of the first two , the third becomes available . To increase replay value , the missions play out slightly differently with each playthrough , though only a limited number of variations exist . The role the player takes during the last mission also differs based on the career path they have selected during training , acting either as an element leader , with a greatly expanded list of radio commands to direct their team , or as a sniper , with randomized wind conditions forcing the player to adjust their rifle scope to ensure an accurate shot .
During the training portion of the game , the player can make choices that lead to verbal reprimands . For example , if the player tries to 'skip ' the briefings , the commander will scold the player . If the player is told to go to one location but then goes to another , someone there will warn `` SWAT Pup '' that they need to be at the other location . If the player pesters other people at the various locations , by trying to talk to them too much or loitering , they may also get annoyed . Only shooting one 's fellow officers in the few scenes in which this is possible will result in any form of disciplinary action , however , and this causes an immediate game over .
Verb/noun commands can be issued via the character 's LASH radio which allows the player to request assistance from teammates or , if acting as element leader , give them orders .
In-game items are kept in an inventory that functions like the inventory in other Sierra SCI adventure games of the era , though the only items the player will ever carry are tactical devices such as angled mirrors , flashbangs , gas masks and firearms . These are issued to the player automatically at the beginning of each mission .
The game is in first-person whenever in training . It goes into third person whenever interviewing witnesses or talking to fellow officers . Missions are mostly first-person , but the player 's character is often shown moving between areas ( or being shot ) in the third person .
The game is built on the SCI2 ( Sierra Creative Interpreter ) used in the previous Police Quest game , Open Season , and other adventure games of the era such as Phantasmagoria and Gabriel Knight 2 . It utilizes a single cursor interface similar to these and other SCI2 games ( see also King 's Quest VII ) . The game utilizes much of the same technology as the previous game : most backgrounds are scanned photographs with green screen actors ( with sprites being used in many places ) , but there is much more use of FMV .
Reissue
SWAT was re-released under the Police Quest Collection Series adventure compilation ( along with the first four games in the series ) , the `` SWAT Career Pack '' ( with all six Police Quest games ) , the Police Quest : SWAT Force pack ( first two SWAT games ) , and later the Police Quest : SWAT Generation collection ( with SWAT 2 and SWAT 3 ) , and the Police Quest : SWAT 1 & 2 packs from GOG.com .
The game is listed as Police Quest 5 ( PQ5 ) in the file names , folder , and the credits . The number does not appear on the title screen . The full title Police Quest 5 : SWAT also appears on the back of second Police Quest Collection it was first included in .
Reception
Sales
According to Sierra On-Line , combined sales of the Police Quest series—including Police Quest : SWAT—surpassed 1.2 million units by the end of March 1996 . Police Quest : SWAT was a commercial success ; SWAT 3s Jim Napier later wrote that it `` received only marginal reviews , [ ... but ] sold like crazy . '' Between January 1998 and July 1998 alone , it sold 152,425 copies and earned $ 1,622,405 in the United States . Its sales that year ultimately totaled 253,128 units , which brought in revenues of $ 2.73 million and made SWAT the country 's 17th best-selling game of the year . The game 's overall sales topped 1 million copies by March 2000 .
Critical reviews
A reviewer for Next Generation criticized the mission instructions as overly ambiguous , sometimes leading the player to receive a reprimand even after apparently following orders correctly . They praised the large amount of content , educational value , and digitized audio , but scored the game two out of five stars , concluding that `` this is a decent attempt at a police simulation , but your lack of control leaves much to be desired . ''
PC Zone offered the game a `` Recommended '' rating , and a writer for the magazine called it `` gun-toting cop fun '' .
References
External links
1995 video games
DOS games
Fictional portrayals of the Los Angeles Police Department
Full motion video based games
Games commercially released with DOSBox
Interactive movie video games
Classic macOS games
Police Quest and SWAT
ScummVM-supported games
Sierra Entertainment games
Single-player video games
Strategy video games
Video games about police officers
Video games set in California
Video games set in Los Angeles
Video games set in 1995
Video games with digitized sprites
Windows games
Video games developed in the United States
Falstone is a small village in Northumberland , England , just east of Kielder Water . The village is from the Anglo–Scottish border . The name Falstone means `` speckled stone '' . Much of the village is clustered around its two churches , St. Peter 's Anglican and the United Reformed Church .
Falstone holds a popular annual agricultural show .
Governance
Falstone is in the parliamentary constituency of Hexham . Falstone has its own Parish council .
Falstone parish was created in 1811 when the ancient parish of Simonburn was divided by Act of Parliament .
Transport
Falstone was served by Falstone railway station on the Border Counties Railway which linked the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway , near Hexham , with the Border Union Railway at Riccarton Junction . The first section of the route was opened between Hexham and Chollerford in 1858 , the remainder opening in 1862 . The line was closed to passengers by British Railways in 1956 .
References
External links
GENUKI ( accessed : 1 November 2008 )
Northumberland Communities ( accessed : 1 November 2008 )
Falstone Show
Falstone Parish Council
Villages in Northumberland
Varan ( , also Romanized as Varān and Vārān ; also known as Wārūn ) is a village in Jasb Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 257 , in 114 families .
References
fa ; واران
Populated places in Delijan County
Emile Emanuel Anthony Linkers ( born 25 September 1990 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who most recently played as a forward or winger for Tweede Divisie club FC Lienden . Born in Willemstad , Netherlands Antilles , they made one appearance for the Aruba national team in 2014 .
International career
Linkers made their debut on 30 May 2014 in a 1–0 victory against Turks and Caicos for the Caribbean Cup . They made their first international goal in the match .
Career statistics
Scores and results list Aruba 's goal tally first , score column indicates score after each Linkers goal .
References
External links
Profile at ligaindonesia.co.id
1990 births
Living people
Dutch people of Aruban descent
Dutch people of Curaçao descent
People from Willemstad
Dutch footballers
Aruban footballers
Association football forwards
Aruba international footballers
Eredivisie players
Liga 1 ( Indonesia ) players
NAC Breda players
Indonesian Premier Division players
PSIM Yogyakarta players
PSIS Semarang players
Persepam Madura Utama players
FC Lienden players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Martha Collins may refer to :
Martha Layne Collins ( born 1936 ) , American politician
Martha Collins ( poet ) ( born 1940 )
Stockmann is a German surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Dieter Stöckmann ( born 1941 ) , German general
Hans-Jürgen Stöckmann ( born 1945 ) , German physicist
Harry Stockman ( 1919–1994 ) , American racecar driver
Hayley Stockman ( born 1985 ) , New Zealand netball player
Jaap Stockmann ( born 1984 ) , Dutch field hockey player
Nis-Momme Stockmann ( born 1981 ) , German writer
Paul Stockmann ( 1603–1636 ) , German composer
Ulrich Stockmann ( born 1951 ) , German politician
Fictional characters
Ernst Stockmann , fictional character in the novel The Temple by Stephen Spender
Thomas Stockmann , fictional character in the play An Enemy of the People by Henrik Ibsen
Baxter Stockmann , fictional character in `` The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles '' cartoon series
See also
Elana Maryles Sztokman ( born 1969 ) , American writer
Vladimir Shtokman ( 1909–1968 ) , Russian engineer
Stockman ( disambiguation )
Stock ( surname )
German-language surnames
Shri Jihveshwara is the name of the god who is worshipped by people of Swakula Sali caste in India . The name Jihveshwara comes from Jihva ( tongue ) + Ishvara ( god ) , which means the one who is born out of tongue .
References
Regional Hindu gods
Silver Lake Township may refer to :
Silver Lake Township , Desha County , Arkansas
Silver Lake Township , Dickinson County , Iowa
Silver Lake Township , Palo Alto County , Iowa
Silver Lake Township , Worth County , Iowa
Silver Lake Township , Shawnee County , Kansas , in Shawnee County , Kansas
Silver Lake Township , Martin County , Minnesota
Silver Lake Township , Adams County , Nebraska
Silver Lake Township , Wells County , North Dakota
Silver Lake Township , Susquehanna County , Pennsylvania
Silver Lake Township , Hutchinson County , South Dakota
See also
Silver Lake ( disambiguation )
Township name disambiguation pages
Richard Burnett is a columnist and editor of Montreal 's alternative newsweekly Hour .
Richard Burnett may also refer to :
Dick Burnett ( musician ) ( 1883–1977 ) , fiddler and composer
Dick Burnett ( baseball ) , former owner of the Dallas Rangers baseball team
Richie Burnett ( born 1967 ) , Welsh darts player
Rick Burnett ( musician ) , in Grinderswitch
Rick Burnett , presenter on Australian TV series Extra
Richard Compton-Burnett ( born 1961 ) , English cricketer
Jiří Brdečka ( 24 December 1917 – 2 June 1982 ) was a Czech writer , artist , and film director .
Life
Brdečka was born in Hranice ( then in Austria-Hungary ) to a literary family ; their father , Otakar Brdečka ( 1881 – 1930 ) , wrote under the pseudonym Alfa . Brdečka studied philosophy and aesthetics at Charles University in Prague until the German occupation of Czechoslovakia forced the closing of the school in 1939 . They then became an administrative clerk at the Prague Municipal Museum and found occasional work as a newspaper journalist and cartoonist . They worked as a press agent for the studio from summer 1941 to the end of 1942 . In 1943 Brdečka took a job as an animator , and by 1949 they were working as a film director and screenwriter at Barrandov Studios . They began directing animated films on their own in 1958 . In addition to their film work they also worked as a journalist , a film critic and a novelist .
Brdečka 's work is marked by its droll intellectual humor , often featuring an extensive use of hyperbole , satire , and literary illusions .
They had one daughter , the writer and film critic ( born 1952 ) .
Brdečka died in 1982 in Prague .
Selected Filmography
Director
Wedding in the Coral Sea ( 1944 )
Springman and the SS ( 1946 )
Screenwriter
Springman and the SS ( 1946 )
The Emperor 's Nightingale ( 1948 )
The Emperor and the Golem ( 1951 )
Old Czech Legends ( 1951 )
Lost Children ( 1956 )
The Fabulous World of Jules Verne ( 1958 )
A Midsummer Night 's Dream ( 1959 )
The Fabulous Baron Munchausen ( 1961 )
The Cassandra Cat ( 1963 )
Lemonade Joe ( 1964 )
Dinner for Adele ( 1977 )
The Prince and the Evening Star ( 1979 )
The Mysterious Castle in the Carpathians ( 1981 )
References
External links
Essay on Jiří Brdečka by Gene Deitch
1917 births
1982 deaths
People from Hranice ( Přerov District )
People from the Margraviate of Moravia
Czech animated film directors
Czech journalists
Czech cartoonists
Czech humorists
Czech satirists
Czech screenwriters
20th-century journalists
20th-century screenwriters
Czechoslovak writers
Michelle Tuzee is an American television news anchor . Tuzee co-anchored KABC 's Eyewitness News at 5 p.m. and 11 p.m. with Marc Brown . On December 17 , 2020 , they announced that health issues have forced them to step back from their anchor duties .
Biography
Tuzee graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Southern California where they majored in Journalism . Tuzee 's first job in television news was at KJCT in Grand Junction , Colorado . They were a general assignment reporter and later a producer and anchor . These positions led to a market job with WBAY-TV , Green Bay , Wisconsin where they worked as a reporter . They would go on to work as an anchor/reporter at WFTX-TV in Fort Myers , Florida and WSVN in Miami , where they anchored the top-rated `` Today in Florida '' and `` 7 News at Noon . ''
In 1997 , Michelle joined KABC as an anchor . They received an Emmy award as part of the team win for Best Newscast , an Associated Press award for excellence in reporting , and a Telly Award for their work with Children 's Hospital Los Angeles .
On December 18 , 2020 , Tuzee stepped back from their duties as news anchor due to health concerns .
References
External links
Michelle Tuzee Bio : https : //abc7.com/about/newsteam/michelle-tuzee/
Living people
Television anchors from Los Angeles
Television anchors from Miami
USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
DJ Jabba , born Steven Beckford , is a New York-born and resident radio DJ . They are also an event promoter in Florida and performs in Jamaica , where they were raised . They have hosted a music themed cruise to Jamaica . They host and is a co-founder and promoter of the annual Best of the Best show in Miami .
They host the Best of the Best one day reggae and dancehall concert in Florida over Memorial Day Weekend . They host a weekend show on Sirius Satellite Radio and hosts the Jabba Hour on Fridays on 93.5 in New York City . They also hosts 'Pull Up Selector ' on MTV Tempo in the Caribbean and was in Shottas as Dangols . Their radio show in New York is on Sundays from 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. on WQHT 's Hot 97.1 'On the Reggae Tip ' . They are also the host for their Jabba Strikes Back birthday party at Fiction Fantasy in Kingston , Jamaica . In 2016 they were an organizer for a reggae cruise .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
American DJs
Living people
Allan Carville is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Carville made their full All Whites debut in a 1–1 draw with Fiji on 14 November 1988 and ended their international playing career with four A-international caps to their credit , their final cap an appearance in a 0–1 loss to Australia on 12 May 1991 .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Association football forwards
Arthur Hall Smith ( 23 March 1929 – 20 February 2013 ) was an American painter .
Biography
Smith grew up in Norfolk , Virginia where they received their first drawing instruction at an early age from their father , who was a naval architect . They studied at Illinois Wesleyan University , where they obtained a BFA . They received a Fulbright Fellowship upon graduation and went to Paris to study at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts , École du Louvre , and the Institute d'Art et Archeologie . While in Paris , they also studied privately with Stanley William Hayter . They did graduate study at the University of Washington and also privately studied with Mark Tobey . Some of their commissions include the Centennial Murals at the Memorial Center at Illinois Wesleyan University and the Mural of Mammals in World Art in the Mammal Hall of the National Museum of Natural History . They served in Korea and later took a teaching post at The George Washington University . In 1961 , they had a ten-year retrospective at the Corcoran Gallery of Art .
References
Biography
1929 births
2013 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century male artists
Artists from Norfolk , Virginia
Painters from Virginia
Illinois Wesleyan University alumni
University of Washington alumni
George Washington University faculty
American alumni of the École des Beaux-Arts
Abraham Hazeley ( 1784–1847 ) was a Nova Scotian settler in Sierra Leone . They were the founder of what was to become one of the most prominent Creole families in the country .
Abraham Hazeley Junior was born in Birchtown , Nova Scotia to Abraham Hazeley and Martha 'Patty ' Hazeley . Abraham Hazeley Sr. ( 1754–1809 ) was born in Charleston , South Carolina , and was one of the African Americans who settled in Nova Scotia in 1783 .
References
1784 births
1847 deaths
Nova Scotian Settlers
Sierra Leone Creole people
Dittewal ( ) ( also spelled Dithewal or Detowāl ) is a village in Gujrat District , Pakistan , outside of the city of Gujrat . The city lies to the East of the neighboring village of Chak Pindi.Coord .
Ch khaliq Dittewal ex nazim and chairperson movement for the rights of overseas pakistani belong this village .
References
Populated places in Gujrat District
Villages in Gujrat District
Budel is a town in the Dutch province of North Brabant . It is located in the municipality of Cranendonck , 25 km outside Eindhoven . Kempen Airport is located near Budel .
History
It was first mentioned in 779 as in Budilio , and means `` place with houses '' . Budel developed in the Early Middle Ages from a collection of agrarian settlements around the Buulder Aa . In 1421 , it became part of the Meierij van 's-Hertogenbosch .
The Catholic Visitation of the Virgin Mary is a basilica-like church built between 1904 and 1912 with a tall tower . The Schepenhuis is located on the main market and was built in 1771 . It has been used as town hall , but also as market . Between 1981 and 1982 , it was restored and returned to its original shape .
The grist mill Nooit Gedagt was built in 1846 . The wind mill started to be used less during the 1960s . In 1967 , however , it was restored and heightened . The wind mill is still in use on Saturdays and sometimes during the week .
Budel was home to 440 people in 1840 . Budel used to be a separate municipality . It merged with Maarheeze in 1997 , and changed its name a year later to Cranendonck . It is home to the Budelse Brouwerij , one of the country 's largest microbreweries .
South of the town the large zinc smelter of Nyrstar ( named Umicore before 2007 ) is located .
Though located in North Brabant near Eindhoven , the spoken dialect is Budels ( linguistically a Limburgish dialect ) , rather than Kempenlands ( linguistically an East Brabantian dialect ) .
Gallery
References
External links
Municipalities of the Netherlands disestablished in 1998
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Cranendonck
is a Japanese actor . They are probably best known for their roles as Eiji Kikumaru in The Prince of Tennis musical series , Tenimyu , and Tōshirō Hitsugaya in `` Rock Musical Bleach '' . During their run in Tenimyu , they garnered the nickname `` Nagayan '' , which they are still referred to by fans and friends . They made their television debut in 1998 with the drama Change .
Career
The Prince of Tennis Musicals
Nagayama 's major stage debut was from 2003 to the beginning of 2005 for the role of the acrobatic Eiji Kikumaru in the Prince of Tennis musical series , Tenimyu , as part of the first generation Seigaku cast . When the series came out in 2003 , former D-BOYS member Yamazaki Ichitaro played the role during the spring run of the first show , and Nagayama played the role during the summer run . Afterwards , Nagayama was set to carry on playing the role with the first cast , understudying the role of Shusuke Fuji as well , when Ichitaro left the series .
The end of 2003 brought tragedy to Tenimyu . Less than two weeks before the second show , Remarkable 1st Match Fudomine , Kotaro Yanagi - who was playing the lead role of Ryoma Echizen at the time - was hospitalized after being accidentally hit by a car . Because the musical 's rehearsals were well underway and performance dates already set , several changes were made in the cast for the show : Nagayama was shifted over to Fuji due to J-pop singer Kimeru , who was playing the role of Fuji , having to step up as Echizen , and Ichitaro was brought back as Kikumaru . After Yuya Endo was brought in as the new Echizen , Nagayama and Kimeru went back to their roles as Kikumaru and Fuji respectively . Nagayama graduated from the series with their fellow castmates after the Side Fudomine musical ; along with several graduated Tenimyu members , they got a cameo role in the Prince of Tennis live film adaptation .
Since Nagayama 's graduation , the role of Kikumaru has been played by Osamu Adachi , Koji Seto , Kyousuke Hamao , Shouta Takasaki , and Yuta Koseki . Nagayama , along with Kimeru and Endo , went to see Yanagi graduate from Tenimyu at the final performance of Dream Live 3rd in 2006 .
Nagayama returned to their role as Kikumaru and reunited with the 1st generation Seigaku cast to perform in Tenimyu 's Dream Live 7th in 2010 to celebrate the end of the Tenimyu 's first season .
Other work
After their graduation , Nagayama also starred as Tōshirō Hitsugaya in the Rock Musical Bleach series , which also stars some of their old Tenimyu cast mates .
They enjoyed their first starring role in a theatrical production with Switch wo Osu Toki , in July 2006 . Their line of designer clothing , Blossam , can be found at the Gain shop in Tokyo . Nagayama has released several idol DVDs - Blossam in 2004 , and two DVD/Photobook sets in 2007 , entitled On and Off - as well as a single and two full-length albums . Since its formation in 2004 , they have been very active with their Japanese fan club , and holds several members-only events each year . They maintain an active and popular blog , which they update several times each week with photos . In their spare time , they enjoy sports , especially baseball , swimming , and karate , and remaking/designing clothing . Above all , Nagayama is earnest and serious about their work and their fans , and this has helped them build and maintain a loyal base of support worldwide .
Profile
Name : 永山たかし
Name ( romaji ) : Nagayama Takashi
Real Name : 永山毅 ( Nagayama Takashi )
Date of birth : 1978 November 16
Birthplace : Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan
Musical
TENIMYU : THE PRINCE OF TENNIS MUSICAL SERIES ( as Eiji Kikumaru , Fuji u/s )
The Prince of Tennis Musical - Eiji Kikumaru ( summer of 2003 )
The Prince of Tennis Musical : Remarkable 1st Match Fudomine - Shusuke Fuji ( In Winter 2003-2004 )
The Prince of Tennis Musical : Dream Live 1st - Eiji Kikumaru ( 2004 )
The Prince of Tennis Musical : More Than Limit St. Rudolph Gakuen - Eiji Kikumaru ( 2004 )
The Prince of Tennis Musical : Side Fudomine ~Special Match~ - Eiji Kikumaru ( In Winter 2004-2005 )
The Prince of Tennis Musical : Dream Live 7th - Eiji Kikumaru ( 2010 )
Rock Musical BLEACH ( as Tōshirō Hitsugaya )
Rock Musical BLEACH ( 2005 )
Rock Musical BLEACH Saien ( 2006 )
Rock Musical BLEACH The Dark of The Bleeding Moon ( 2006 )
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code : 001 ( 2007 )
Rock Musical BLEACH No Clouds in the Blue Heavens ( 2007 )
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code : 002 ( 2008 )
Rock Musical BLEACH The ( 2008 )
Rock Musical BLEACH Live Bankai Show Code : 003 ( 2010 )
Other musicals
Rock'n Jam Musical ( 2004 )
Rock'n Jam Musical - Saien ( 2005 )
Flowers for Algernon Musical ( 2006 )
Rock'n Jam Musical II ( 2006 )
Rock'n Jam Musical II - Saien ( 2007 )
Rock'n Jam Live - Live ( 2007 )
TV series
Change ( ANB , 1998 ) as Jiro Yoneyama
Newscaster Kasumi Ryoko ( ANB , 1999 )
Abunai Houkago ( ANB , 1999 , Episode 2 )
Norowareta Kagai Jugyou ( KTV , 1999 )
Kowai Douwa : Cinderella ( TBS , 1999 )
Shoushimin Kane ( CX , 1999 )
Another Heaven Eclipse ( ANB , 2000 , Episodes 6-8 )
Gekka no Kishi ( ANB , 2000 ) as Nishimura
Hanamura Daisuke ( KTV , 2000 , Episode 9 )
Wakareru Futari no Jikenbo ( ANB , 2000 , Episode 7 )
Seigi no Shichiya Momonori : Tomoko no Jikenbo ( CX , 2000 )
Koko Dake no Hanashi : Haigo no Onna ( ANB , 2001 )
G-Taste : Kyoushi Mizukoshi Sayaka ( ANB , 2001 )
Shin Omizu no Hanamichi ( CX , 2001 )
Love & Fight ( TBS , 2001 )
Morning Musume New Spring Love Stories : Toki o Kakeru ( TBS , 2002 ) as Goro Asakura
Yo ni mo Kimyou na Monogatari '02 Haru Tokubetsu hen Mushi Geimu ( CX , 2002 )
Kamen Rider Ryuki ( ANB , 2002 , Episodes 22-23 ) as Yuichi Saito
Kaiki File 2 : Senrozoi no Apartment ( YTV , 2002 )
Hot Man ( TBS , 2003 , Episodes 4-6 ) as Yoshimasa Tsukamoto
Team4 ( CX , 2003 )
Hikeshiya Komachi ( NHK , 2004 )
Fantasm : Noroi no Yado ( NHK , 2004 )
Chi Ato ( TBS , 2004 )
Chushingura ( ANB , 2004 , Episode 1 )
Ōoku : Dai Isshou ( CX , 2004 , Episodes 7 , 9 and Special )
Otōto ( ANB , 2004 )
F2-X ( CX , 2004 )
Yasashii Jikan ( CX , 2005 , Episode 6 )
Astro Kyuudan ( TV ASAHI , 2005 ) as Akechi Kyushichi `` Astro 7 ''
Nihon no Rekishi ( CX , 2005 ) as Ranmaru Mori
Ōoku : Dai Isshou Special ( CX , 2005 )
Shichinin no Onna Bengoshi ( TV ASAHI , 2006 , Episode 8 )
Kekkon Dekinai Otoko ( KTV , 2006 , Episode 11 )
Delicious Gakuin ( TV TOKYO , 2007 ) as Okita Tsukasa
Ururun ( TBS , 2007 )
Sunshine Days ( Kanagawa TV , 2007 )
Tadashii Ouji no Tsukuri Kata ( TV TOKYO , 2008 ) as Nanbara Takashi
Koi no Paradora ( 2008 , Episode 8 )
Dageki Tenshi Ruri ( 2008 , Episode 3 )
Shibatora ( CX , 2009 , Special )
Arienai ! ( MBS , 2010 , Episode 8 )
Tumbling ( TBS , 2010 , Episode 6 ) as Shinichi Hino
Movies
Usagi ( 1998 )
Tennen Shōjo Mahn Next ( 1999 ) - Yuuya Narugi
Muscle Heat ( 2002 ) - Kazu
Yume Oikakete ( 2003 )
Norio no Heya ( 2004 )
Touch ( 2005 )
Parazoku : Parapara ja nai ka ! ( 2006 )
The Prince of Tennis ( 2006 )
Sakugoe ( 2007 )
Bokura no Hōteishiki ( 2008 )
Hana Guerilla ( 2009 )
Nude ( 2010 )
Dark Side of the Light ( 2016 )
Plays
Oni to Hito to ( 2000 )
Mother Courage and Them Children ( 2005 )
Watashi wa Obasan ni Natte ‘ ru ! ? ( 2006 )
Funny Bunny ( 2007 )
Switch o Osu Toki : Kimi wa Naze Ikiteiru ‘ n da ? ( 2006 & 2007 ) as Youhei Minami
Aru Hi , Bokura wa Yume no Naka de Deau ( 2007 )
Jisoku 246 ( 2008 )
Kuchuu Blanco ( 2008 )
Every Little Thing ( 2008 )
Hakase to Tarō no Ijō na Aijō ( 2008 )
Shatō ( 2008 )
Tokubetsuhō Dai 001 jō DUST ( 2009 ) as Akihiro
Maharaja Mode ( 2009 ) as Pasuputa
Magdala na Maria 2 ( 2009 )
Shinsengumi ( 2010 ) as Toshiki Hijikata
Blood Prisoner ( 2010 )
Shounen Hollywood ( 2011 )
Michi wo Kakeru ( 2011 )
Music
Kokoro ga ( 2005 )
1 . 心が… ( My Heart ... )
2 . おくるうた ( A Song for You )
3 . 雨音 ( The Sound of the Rain )
4 . 心が… ( Toscana version ) ( My Heart ... )
JAM ( 2005 ) :
1.春に思い出し想う ( I 'll Be Thinking Of You In the Spring )
2.おくるうた ( A Song for You )
3.言葉～ ( One Word )
4.Sample
5.おもいでにデキなくて ( I Ca n't Make You Into a Memory )
6.南口 ( Southern Exit )
7.心が… ( Romano version ) ( My Heart ... )
8.雨音 ( The Sound of the Rain )
9.Slow Jam
10.終着駅 ( Terminal Station )
11 . JAM/Bonus Track
LOVE ( 2006 ) :
1.バーガーショップ ( Burger Shop )
2.僕の中 ( Inside Of Me )
3.恋・愛 ( Passion - Love )
4.恋の痛み ( The Pain of Love )
5.kiss℃ ( Temperature of a Kiss )
6.去りしきみ ( The That 's Gone )
7.あかり ( Light )
8.叫べ！ ( Shout ! )
9.唇 ( Lips )
10.かたち ( Shape )
11.LOVE/Bonus Track
I Feel Fine ( featured on the DVD 'On ' , 2007 )
External links
Takashi Nagayama 's Official Homepage
Takashi Nagayama 's Official Blog
Takashi Nagayama 's Official Blog - 3/2006~11/2008
Strawberry Meet Takashi Nagayama 's official fanclub
Gain Store ( Blossam Clothing Line )
1978 births
People from Kanagawa Prefecture
Living people
Japanese male actors
Allan Macdonald Harman , ( born 7 June 1936 ) is an Australian Presbyterian theologian and Old Testament scholar . They have been described as a `` well-known and highly regarded figure in Christian and especially evangelical circles within Australia and overseas . ''
Early life and education
Harman was born in Lismore , New South Wales , son of Rev Joseph Harman , minister of the Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia and Jessie Harman . Educated at Taree High School and the University of Sydney , Harman graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1957 . They then studied overseas , at the University of Edinburgh , gaining a Bachelor of Divinity in 1960 , and Master of Letters in Hebrew and Semitic Languages , before going on to Westminster Theological Seminary where they achieved a Master of Theology in 1961 and later a Doctor of Theology . In 2003 , they were granted an honorary Doctor of Theology from the Australian College of Theology .
Career
After a pastorate of Geelong Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia ( ordained and inducted 21 March 1962 ) and studies in Philadelphia 1964–66 , Harman was Professor of Old Testament at Free Church of Scotland College , Edinburgh , from 1966 to 1974 , at Reformed Theological College , Geelong , from 1974 to 1977 and at Presbyterian Theological College , Melbourne , from 1978 until their retirement in 2001 . They also served as Principal of PTC from 1982 to 2001 , and is currently Research Professor at that institution . They have also lectured at Tyndale University College and Seminary in Toronto , Reformed Theological Seminary in Jackson , Mississippi and Kosin University in Busan , South Korea .
Harman served as Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Eastern Australia in 1978 , transferring their ministry to the Presbyterian Church of Australia in 1981 , Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria in 1989–90 and Moderator-General of the Presbyterian Church of Australia from 1994 to 1997 . They were a member of the board of directors of the World Reformed Fellowship , and has been an editor of the Reformed Theological Review since 1989 . They have been chairperson of St Andrews Christian College , Tyndale Fellowship ( Australia ) and the Australian Institute of Archaeology , and chairperson of the Australian Defence Force 's Religious Advisory Committee to the Services . They are a recipient of the Reserve Force Decoration .
Harman has written commentaries on Psalms ( ) , Daniel ( ) , Deuteronomy ( ) and Isaiah ( ) . They were also one of the translators of the New King James Version .
In 2001 , a Festschrift was compiled in Harman 's honour , on the occasion of their retirement and 65th birthday . Contributors included Richard Gaffin and Peter Jensen .
In June 2010 , Harman received a Medal of the Order of Australia for services to the Presbyterian Church of Australia .
References
1936 births
Academic journal editors
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Australian biblical scholars
Australian Christian theologians
Australian military chaplains
Australian Presbyterian ministers
Bible commentators
Editors of Christian publications
Living people
Old Testament scholars
People from the Northern Rivers
Presidents of Calvinist and Reformed seminaries
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Royal Australian Air Force officers
Translators of the Bible into English
University of Sydney alumni
Westminster Theological Seminary alumni
Urechești is a commune in Bacău County , Western Moldavia , Romania . It is composed of five villages : Cornățel , Lunca Dochiei , Satu Nou , Slobozia and Urechești .
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The crony-capitalism index is an index published by British newspaper The Economist that claims to calculate whether the livelihood of the people from certain country or city with a capitalist economy are `` easily affected by crony capitalism '' . It is a measurement of crony capitalism designed based on the `` work by Ruchir Sharma of Morgan Stanley Investment Management , Aditi Gandhi and Michael Walton of Indian think-tank Centre for Policy Research , and others '' in 2014 .
Aims
The index aims to be a measuring trend in the number of economic rent-seekers . The assumption behind is because of the favorable political policies set by the government officials , the tycoons are increasing their wealth and interest . As a result , they get a larger part of people 's fruits of labor , instead of generating more wealth for the whole society . In some extreme cases , some favored suppliers are influential on the establishment and application of the business-impacting laws and citizens pay the tax for purchasing the overpriced products supplied by the favored corporations .
Methodology
Ten of the industries that are susceptible to monopoly or require licensing or highly depend on the government have been selected : casinos ; coal , palm oil and timber ; defense ; deposit-taking banking and investment banking ; infrastructure and pipelines ; ports ; airports ; real estate and construction ; steel and other metals ; mining and commodities ; utilities and telecoms services . Then , the total wealth of world 's billionaires who actively involve in rent-heavy industries from the data of Forbes will be calculated . Results can be achieved from the ratio of billionaire wealth to GDP in their own countries ; higher ratio of billionaire wealth to GDP indicates higher possibility of suffering from crony capitalism .
Result
2016
The 2016 index was published on May 7 , 2016 .
2014
The results of the crony-capitalist Index of 23 countries were published on March 15 , 2014 . The five largest developed countries , ten largest developing countries and eight other countries where cronyism was thought to be a big problem being included . Countries not located in the Global North has a relatively higher Crony-Capitalism index than those not in it .
Criticism
The index has been criticized as being a misnomer , as it does not actually calculate the full situation as to what constitutes as crony capitalism , by leaving out crucial sectors or situations such as South Korea 's chaebols , Japan 's zaibatsu , or lobbying by American companies to the United States Congress such as Google , Facebook and Apple in return for favorable policies and tax schemes , among others .
Concealing fortunes
According to Bloomberg Businessweek , the phenomenon of concealing fortunes is common for cronies , especially in China . It has been revealed that some of the powerful politicians have disguised their properties by transferring it under the names of their friends and family members . Unreliable property records are also believed to be the obstacles of determining an individual 's actual wealth . The fact that the cronies are not willing to announce their wealth publicly has affected the accuracy of the index .
Rough categorization
The index has also been criticized for only roughly categorizing the industrial sectors with neglected critical instances of cronyism .
Limited data for cronyism
The index has only counted the wealth of billionaires which contributed to the omission of extensive data . Due to the lack of data , or the data not being publicly available , numerous particular industries in various countries are not identified as `` crony heavy '' , leading to perceived lower crony capitalism even though it may be on the contrary . A group of cronies can also possibly be enriched by plenty of rent-seeking while not wealthy enough to achieve the cut-off . As a result , such groups were not examined in the index .
See also
Capitalism
Cartel
Corporate welfare
Corporatism
Economic interventionism
Government failure
Government-owned corporation
References
External links
CPI ( Corruption Perceptions Index )
The new age of crony capitalism
Capitalism
Political corruption
Political terminology
Club is a German brand of cigarettes , currently owned and manufactured by Japan Tobacco .
History
Before World War II , the cigarettes were manufactured at the Garbáty plant in Berlin-Pankow , East Germany on the old production facility until 1990 . After the creation of the German Democratic Republic , the brand got re-introduced in 1961 . The market mainly surrounds the acceding territory from 1990 . The tobacco from Western countries was brought to the German Democratic Republic and `` the Club '' was expensively priced , with a pack price of 4 Deutsche Mark above most other filter cigarettes , which were traded in the range of 2.50 to 3.20 Deutsche Mark per pack .
In 2013 , the brand got redesigned to feature a more modern look .
Markets
Club was mainly sold in East Germany , but also was or still is sold in the German Empire , Weimar Republic , Nazi Germany , Allied-occupied Germany , East-Germany , Germany , United Kingdom , France , Italy , Romania , Kenya , Guatemala , Costa Rica , Cuba and Chile .
See also
Cigarette
Tobacco smoking
References
Japan Tobacco brands
Oakville North—Burlington is a provincial electoral district in Ontario , Canada . It elects one member to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario . This riding was created in 2015 .
Members of Provincial Parliament
Election results
References
External links
Map of riding for 2018 election
Ontario provincial electoral districts
Politics of Burlington , Ontario
Politics of Oakville , Ontario
Ganpat Rao Gaekwad was the ninth Maharaja of Baroda State reigning from 1847 to 1856 . They were the eldest son of Sayaji Rao Gaekwad II and became Maharaja of Baroda after the death of their father .
They died in 1856 and after their death , they were succeeded by their second younger brother Khanderao II Gaekwad .
See also
Gaekwad dynasty
References
External links
Official Website of the Gaekwads of Baroda
1816 births
1859 deaths
Maharajas of Vadodara
Hindu monarchs
Indian royalty
Indian military leaders
Jim Hall/Red Mitchell is a live album by guitarist Jim Hall and bassist Red Mitchell recorded at Sweet Basil Jazz Club in 1978 and released by the Artists House label .
Reception
Allmusic reviewer by Scott Yanow called it a `` lyrical , introverted , and sometimes exquisite set of duets '' and said `` Hall and Mitchell always had big ears , and although the music is at a low volume and the duo stretches out ... there are no sleepy moments '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Jim Hall except where noted
`` Big Blues '' − 6:23
`` Beautiful '' ( Red Mitchell ) − 7:50
`` Waltz New '' − 5:05
`` Fly Me to the Moon '' ( Bart Howard ) − 6:18
`` Blue Dove '' ( Traditional ) − 9:15
`` Osaka Express '' − 4:38
Personnel
Jim Hall − guitar
Red Mitchell − bass
References
1978 live albums
Jim Hall ( musician ) live albums
Red Mitchell live albums
Artists House live albums
Cassadee Blake Pope ( born August 28 , 1989 ) is an American pop and country singer . They were the lead vocalist and songwriter of the pop band Hey Monday , with whom they released one studio album and two EPs . Pope embarked on a solo career in early 2012 and released the EP Cassadee Pope in May 2012 . They took part in the third season of The Voice and became the first female winner in December 2012 . Them debut solo country album , Frame by Frame , was released in 2013 to a top 10 Billboard 200 charting . It debuted at No . 1 on Top Country Albums , with 43,000 copies sold in its first week .
Life and career
2008–2011 : Career beginnings and Hey Monday
While attending Wellington High School in Wellington , Florida , Pope formed the band Blake with good friend Mike Gentile . The project disbanded before being signed and in 2008 , they and Gentile along with Alex Lipshaw , Michael `` Jersey '' Moriarty , and Elliot James founded the pop punk band Hey Monday . Hey Monday released their first studio album , Hold on Tight , in October 2008 . Pope wrote two songs and co-wrote the other nine songs . They appeared in Fall Out Boy 's video for `` America 's Suitehearts '' , from their 2008 album Folie à Deux . They also provided guest vocals for The Cab 's remix version of their song `` Take My Hand '' that appeared on Fall Out Boy 's mixtape , Welcome to the New Administration , and appeared in the music video for it the following summer of 2009 . James left the band at the end of 2009 . Hey Monday 's first EP Beneath It All was to be released in August 2010 ; to promote the album the group toured the US and played on the 2010 Warped Tour . The Christmas EP was released on December 6 , 2011 , and later that month Hey Monday took an indefinite hiatus on good terms .
2012–2014 : Solo career , The Voice and Frame by Frame
In January and February 2012 , Pope embarked on their first solo acoustic tour across the east and west coasts of the United States . They released their debut self-titled EP ( self-labeled ) on May 22 , 2012 , containing four songs written by Pope . They auditioned for season 3 of the singing competition The Voice during the summer and had all four coaches offer them a place on their teams ; they ultimately picked country singer Blake Shelton . In the third live round , Pope performed `` Over You '' , co-written by mentor Shelton . The song reached number one on the iTunes chart , knocking Psy 's `` Gangnam Style '' down to number two . They were the only female contestant to advance to the Top 4 round where they performed `` Stupid Boy '' by country singer-songwriter Sarah Buxton , which also reached number one on iTunes . They advanced to The Voice finals , winning the title on the live finale results day in December . An album compiling their performances on The Voice entitled The Voice : The Complete Season 3 Collection reached No . 1 on the Heatseekers and sold 11,000 copies , and 8,000 more copies in the following week . Them self-titled EP also re-entered the chart at No . 42 , selling 1,000 copies .
The Voice ( 2012 )
– Studio version of performance reached the top 10 on iTunes
In January 2013 , Pope signed with country music label Republic Nashville ; the lead single of their solo album , `` Wasting All These Tears '' , was released on May 31 , 2013 . It debuted at number 37 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 7 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart . It sold 125,000 copies in first week of release . The album , Frame by Frame , was released in October 2013 . Pope spent most of 2014 touring with country artists Tim McGraw and Dierks Bentley . They also are featured on the Nashville Outlaws : A Tribute to Mötley Crüe album where they covered The Animal In Me .
2015–present : Summer EP and Stages
Pope released the lead single , `` I Am Invincible '' from their upcoming second studio album . During late 2015 , Pope recorded a duet with Chris Young , titled `` Think of You '' for their 2015 album I 'm Comin ' Over . This single became Pope 's first song to peak at number one on the US Country Airplay chart in May 2016 . In March 2017 , Pope traveled to London and performed several times as part of the C2C : Country to Country festival lineup , including an appearance on the main stage with Young .
Pope 's new EP , Summer , was released on June 3 , 2016 , and the title track was released as a single on June 6 , 2016 .
On July 24 , 2016 , Pope sang the Star Spangled Banner , the United States national anthem , before the Brickyard 400 NASCAR race at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway .
On October 16 , 2016 , Pope sang the Star Spangled Banner , the United States national anthem , before the Houston Texans and Colts game .
Pope and Young were nominated for Best Country Duo/Group Performance for `` Think of You '' , making their first contestant from The Voice to receive a Grammy nomination .
In May 2017 , Pope parted ways with BMLG records
On March 30 , 2018 , they independently released their first single in nearly 2 years , called `` Take You Home '' . It was followed on August 10 by their second single of 2018 , called `` One More Red Light '' .
On February 1 , 2019 , Pope released their second full-length studio album , Stages .
Personal life
In January 2010 , Pope began dating drummer Rian Dawson , who is a member of the band All-Time Low . They became engaged in February 2017 . In July 2017 , it was announced that the couple had ended their relationship .
Pope has been in a relationship with British actor and musician Sam Palladio since December 2017 .
Influences
When it comes to Pope 's influences they have said `` I 'm all over the place . I tend to go backwards a little bit and listen to Natalie Imbruglia 's Left of the Middle and old Shania , Michelle Branch , Avril , Blink 182…I 'm kind of all over the board . And then more recently I 'm into the new Blake Shelton album , not gon na lie . Hunter Hayes and Taylor Swift . '' Pope also mentions Martina McBride as one of their influences .
Filmography
Television
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Promotional singles
Music videos
Releases from The Voice
Compilation albums
Singles
Guest appearances
Other appearances
Awards and nominations
Tours
Headlining
Solo Acoustic Tour ( 2012 ) with Stephen Jerzak , Justin Young , and Darling Parade
CMT Next Women of Country Tour ( 2019 ) with Clare Dunn and Hannah Ellis
Supporting
Live & Loud Tour ( 2013 ) with Rascal Flatts & The Band Perry
Crop Circles and Tractor Beams Tour ( 2014 ) with Dean Brody
Sundown Heaven Town Tour ( 2014 ) with Tim McGraw & Kip Moore
Riser Tour ( 2014 ) with Dierks Bentley & Randy Houser
Southern Style Tour ( 2015 ) with Darius Rucker & David Nail
I 'm Comin ' Over World Tour ( 2016 ) with Chris Young
GIRL : The World Tour ( 2019 ) with Maren Morris
Notes
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
American acoustic guitarists
American women singer-songwriters
American pop guitarists
American women rock singers
American pop rock singers
American rock guitarists
American rock songwriters
American country rock singers
American country singer-songwriters
American women country singers
People from West Palm Beach , Florida
The Voice ( franchise ) winners
People from Wellington , Florida
Singer-songwriters from Florida
Country musicians from Florida
21st-century American women guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
Guitarists from Florida
21st-century American women singers
Universal Music Group artists
Big Machine Records artists
Decaydance Records artists
21st-century American singers
Gypsonoma dealbana , the common cloaked shoot , is a moth of the family Tortricidae .
Description
The wingspan is 11–14 mm . These moths have a creamy-white patch on the front of the head . Gypsonoma dealbana is the most variable of the species in the genus Gypsonoma in general coloration and clarity of the forewing markings . The white ground color can be overlaid by a plumbeous or brownish grey suffusion with markings less distinct and often partially obscured .
Biology
Adults are on wing from July to August . The larvae feed on a various deciduous tree , including Salix , Populus , Crataegus , Quercus and Corylus species . They window feed on the leaves in autumn and eat the buds , catkins , young shoots and then spun leaves in the spring . Pupation takes place in a cocoon in the larval habitation or in the soil .
Distribution
This species can be found in most of Europe . It is also found in the Near East and the eastern part of the Palearctic realm . These moths live in well wooded areas .
Gallery
References
External links
Lepiforum
The leaf and stem mines of British flies and other insects
Microlepidoptera
Eucosmini
Moths described in 1828
Moths of Asia
Tortricidae of Europe
Moths of Japan
Munawar Iqbal Faruqui ( born 28 January 1992 ) is an Indian stand-up comedian and rapper . In 2022 they appeared as a contestant on Kangana Ranaut 's reality television show Lock Upp Season 1 and emerged as the winner of the show .
Early life
Faruqui was born in Junagadh , Gujarat , on 28 January 1992 to an Indian Muslim family . Their family moved to Mumbai after their home was destroyed during the 2002 communal riots of Gujarat and their mother died soon after , when they were 16 year old .
At the age of 17 , they were compelled to work for their family when their father fell sick . They worked at a utensil store while attending school .
In their early twenties , they worked as a graphic designer . In 2017 , when various OTT platforms were introducing in India they became aware of comedy and they began working as a comedian .
Career
In April 2020 , they uploaded a standup comedy video named `` Dawood , Yamraaj & Aurat '' on their channel , which earned him , their initial stardom . They released their debut song `` Jawab '' in collaboration with an Indian musician Spectra in August 2020 .
In 28 Feb 2021 , they uploaded a standup comedy video named `` Ghost Story '' on their YouTube Channel .
In 2022 they became a contestant on Kangana Ranaut 's reality television show Lock Upp . On 8 May 2022 they were declared the show 's winner .
Legal issues
2021 arrest
Faruqui was on their tour where they were performing comedy in different cities of India . On 1 January 2021 , they performed a stand-up show at Munro Cafe in Indore , Madhya Pradesh , which was interrupted by Eklavya Singh Gaur , son of BJP MLA Malini Gaur accusing them of making malicious jokes about Hindu deities and the Minister of Home Affairs of India , Amit Shah . On 2 January , they were arrested by Madhya Pradesh Police in the midst of their comic act , stating that they were arrested under the Hate speech laws in India . The police however , had no evidence against Munawar , still arrested him .
Their arrest was heavily criticised for not respecting a comedian 's freedom of speech , including by a joint initiative of the global Indian diaspora on 2 February 2021 , that said a group of South Asian American stand-up comedians will perform a virtual comedy show on 6 February 2021 to show their solidarity with jailed Faruqui . They were subsequently granted bail by the Supreme Court of India .
Filmography
Television
Discography
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Freedom of speech in India
Indian male comedians
Indian stand-up comedians
People from Mumbai
Indian comedians
People from Junagadh
Indian rappers
Gujarati Muslims
Indian theatre people
People from Gujarat
Gujarati people
The blue-capped redstart ( Phoenicurus coeruleocephala ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
It is found in most of the Himalayas and the northern parts of the Indian Subcontinent , with its range extending across Tajikistan and Afghanistan into India , from Jammu & Kashmir eastwards across Himachal Pradesh and Uttaranchal , to Nepal and Bhutan , and further east to Arunachal Pradesh and adjoining regions .
Its natural habitat is temperate forests .
References
blue-capped redstart
Birds of Nepal
Birds of North India
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of Central Asia
Birds of Western China
blue-capped redstart
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hurian ( ) may refer to :
Hurian , Gilan
Hurian , Kermanshah
See also
Hurrian
Curtis Luck ( born 9 August 1996 ) is an Australian professional golfer from Cottesloe , Western Australia . In March 2017 they became the number one ranked amateur golfer in the world , heading the World Amateur Golf Ranking . They held that ranking before turning professional in April .
Golf career
Luck was runner-up at the 2014 Australian Amateur . They also won the 2016 Western Australian Open on the PGA Tour of Australasia .
Luck won the 2016 U.S . Amateur . They had previously planned to turn professional in October 2016 , but decided to wait in order to retain their invitations in the 2017 Masters , U.S. Open and Open Championship . They moved from seventh in the World Amateur Golf Ranking to third with the win .
Luck was awarded the Emerging Athlete of the Year at the 2016 Australian Institute of Sport Performance Awards .
Luck later decided to turn professional at the 2017 Valero Texas Open , meaning they forfeited their U.S. Open and Open Championship exemptions .
In August 2020 , Luck won the Nationwide Children 's Hospital Championship in Ohio on the Korn Ferry Tour .
Amateur wins
2012 Newman and Brooks Junior Championship
2014 Victorian Junior Masters , New South Wales Medal , Western Australian Amateur
2016 U.S . Amateur , Asia-Pacific Amateur Championship
Source :
Professional wins ( 2 )
PGA Tour of Australasia wins ( 1 )
Korn Ferry Tour wins ( 1 )
Results in major championships
Results not in chronological order in 2020 .
CUT = missed the half-way cut
`` T '' = tied for place
NT = No tournament due to COVID-19 pandemic
Team appearances
Amateur
Eisenhower Trophy ( representing Australia ) : 2016 ( winners )
See also
2018 Web.com Tour Finals graduates
References
External links
Australian male golfers
PGA Tour golfers
PGA Tour of Australasia golfers
Korn Ferry Tour graduates
Golfers from Perth , Western Australia
1996 births
Living people
Kevin Harry Dunion ( born 20 December 1955 ) is the Convener of the Standards Commission for Scotland and was the first Scottish Information Commissioner 2003−2012 . They are an Honorary Professor in the University of Dundee School of Law and a member of the Scottish Legal Complaints Commission . They were formerly Rector of the University of St Andrews 2008−11 .
Early life
Dunion was born in Bridge of Allan . Their father Harry became a college lecturer and the family moved to Alloa and then Glenrothes . They attended St Andrew 's High School in Kirkcaldy . They were educated at the University of St Andrews ( MA ( Hons ) Modern History 1978 ) and at the University of Edinburgh ( MSc ( Dist ) African Studies 1991 ) .
Career
Dunion spent periods in the civil service and university administration . They were Editor of the pro-devolution magazine Radical Scotland . They joined Oxfam as Campaigns Manager and then took up the post of Chief Executive of Friends of the Earth Scotland . From 1996 to 2000 they also served as Chairman of Friends of the Earth International , heading delegations to the United Nations and European Commission .
Dunion was for many years a notable proponent for freedom of information , and gave evidence to the Justice Committee scrutinising the passage of the Bill through the Scottish Parliament . They wrote the book Troublemakers – The Struggle For Environmental Justice In Scotland .
Information Commissioner
Dunion was appointed as the first Scottish Information Commissioner in February 2003 . They were reappointed in 2008 . Towards the end of their second term they proposed extra powers that they thought that the next Commissioner would need . They left office on 23 February 2012 after two terms - a total of nine years in office , during which time they handled some 1,500 cases .
Academic bodies and other roles
They were elected Lord Rector of the University of St Andrews in October 2008 . They were installed on 3 March 2009 . Their term ran until 2011 .
In 2012 Dunion was appointed Honorary Professor in the University of Dundee School of Law . They are a executive director of their Freedom of Information Centre . In 2012 they were appointed by the President of the World Bank as a member of the bank 's Access to Information Appeals Board .
In April 2013 they were appointed as a non-lawyer member of the Scottish Legal Complaints Commission .
Standards Commission
They became a member of the Standards Commission for Scotland on 1 September 2015 . In November 2016 it was announced that they would become the Convener of the Commission , taking up the position on 1 February 2017 .
Awards and honours
In 2000 they were awarded an OBE for their work with Friends of the Earth .
In 2011 they were awarded an honorary degree , LLD , by the University of St Andrews .
Personal life
Dunion is married to Linda Malloch , who was formerly married to Iain Gray , the former leader of the Labour Group in the Scottish Parliament .
References
External links
archive of website of the Rector of the University of St Andrews
profile at Dundee Law School
1955 births
Living people
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Scottish chief executives
Scottish civil servants
Rectors of the University of St Andrews
People from Bridge of Allan
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Walter Boughton Pitkin ( June 29 , 1913 – June 27 , 2007 ) was an American publisher , author , and
literary agent .
Biography
Pitkin was born and raised in Dover , New Jersey in what was then a rural area . They were the youngest son of Walter B. Pitkin and Mary Gray Pitkin . They were the youngest of 5 brothers . Because they suffered from asthma since early childhood , Pitkin was not able to attend school . They did not learn to read until age 10 . At about age 20 , they rented a room in Manhattan , near Columbia University , where their father was a professor in the School of Journalism . During this period they studied on their own to meet the entrance requirements for Columbia College . They read English literature , American and European history , learned geometry , algebra , German and French . They entered Columbia College in 1934 . The renowned professor Mark Van Doren , was a great inspiration , as were the historian Harry J. Carman , and the poet and philosopher , Irwin Edman . Thomas Merton was a friend , fellow English major , and classmate .
Pitkin graduated from Columbia College in 1938 Phi Beta Kappa and began a career in publishing . Along with Ian Ballantine , they worked for Penguin America , until World War II made trans-Atlantic trade nearly impossible . Considered a pioneer in American paperback publishing , Pitkin co-founded Bantam Books in 1945 with Betty and Ian Ballantine and Sidney B. Kramer . Pitkin was Editor-in-Chief and also Executive Vice-President of Bantam . They later worked for New American Library .
In 1940 , Pitkin married Susan Kobbe and , in 1949 , moved to Westport , Connecticut . The couple raised three children there : Ann , John , and Stephen . After 12 years in Westport , Walter and Susan moved to Weston , Connecticut .
Pitkin was the author of two published books : Life Begins at Fifty and What 's That Plane ? , a book widely used during World War II to assist American troops in identifying Allied and Axis aircraft . The book was one of the first American Penguin Specials and was written while Pitkin was an editor for Penguin in New York City . The book contains both photographs and drawings of American , British , Japanese , and German planes . Some of the drawings were executed by Susan Pitkin , who worked from images provided from a variety of sources , including the British Information Service and mainstream Japanese publications that ran images of American planes . Ian Ballantine designed the cover . The book was purchased in large numbers by the U.S. Army .
In the 1960s , Pitkin founded the Map & Book Store on Main Street in Westport , Connecticut . The Map & Book Store later became the Remarkable Book Shop , owned and run by Esther Kramer , wife of Pitkin 's fellow founder of Bantam Books , Sidney B. Kramer . The Remarkable Bookshop was a conspicuous presence in Westport for decades , sporting a pink exterior and a whimsical sign , signature design choices of the `` remarkable '' Esther . In the 1970s ad 1980s , Pitkin worked as a literary agent , helping to publish the works of Tom Parker , among others . A lifelong Democrat , Pitkin was chairperson of the Westport Democratic Town Committee and an active supporter of Democratic causes . Pitkin was an avid gardener , history buff , and amateur meteorologist .
References
Albert N. Greco . The Book Publishing Industry Lawrence Erlbaum Associates , , 336 pages , 2003 .
Frank Leopold Schick . The Paperbound Book in America : The History of Paperbacks and Their European Background R.R . Bowker Co. , 280 pages , 1958 .
1913 births
2007 deaths
American book publishers ( people )
People from Dover , New Jersey
People from Westport , Connecticut
People from Weston , Connecticut
20th-century American male writers
Hesar Now ( , also Romanized as Ḩeşār Now ) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 88 , in 21 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
District 41 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes portions of Clackamas and Multnomah counties . The current representative for the district is Democrat Karin Power of Milwaukie .
District 41 encompasses the cities of Milwaukie , Oak Grove , and the Portland neighborhoods of Sellwood , Eastmoreland , and part of Brentwood-Darlington . The district is relatively diverse in that it includes upscale , middle-class , and working-class neighborhoods .
List of members representing the district
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Clackamas County , Oregon
Multnomah County , Oregon
The Subaru R2 is a kei car produced and sold in Japan by Fuji Heavy Industries from 2003 to 2010 . Its name was inspired by the Subaru R-2 , produced from 1969 to 1972 . The R2 was discontinued in 2010 .
Design
The R2 was the first production Subaru to sport a new family look , including the aviation-inspired `` spread wings grille '' also used by their Tribeca and Impreza .
The R2 's exterior dimensions are largely similar to its predecessor , the Subaru Pleo ; but unlike the squarish Pleo , the R2 has a deliberately rounded , less space-efficient form .
Three variations of the 4-cylinder 658 cc engine were available :
SOHC
DOHC AVCS ( variable valve timing )
DOHC with supercharger and intercooler ( R2 STi )
Unlike other Subaru models which used Boxer engines , the R2 used an inline engine .
The two lower engine options were available with either a manual transmission or a CVT . The supercharged engine was coupled to a sportshift version of the CVT ( `` 7 speed iCVT '' ) . Both front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive were available .
Initially , the R2 was available in 11 colors and 3 trim levels ( one for each engine variation ) .
On January 4 , 2005 , the Subaru R1 was introduced , which was a 2-door version of the R2 with a shorter body and wheelbase .
In 2006 , the R2 got a facelift , replacing its spread wings grille with one similar to the Subaru Legacy .
In popular culture
The Subaru R2 is a playable secret car in the videogame Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune .
References
R2
Kei cars
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Vehicles with CVT transmission
2010s cars
Cars introduced in 2003
A Snowflake Fell ( and It Felt Like a Kiss ) is a Christmas-themed EP by the Scottish indie rock band Glasvegas , released on 1 December 2008 via Columbia Records .
Recording , mixing & mastering
The album was recorded in the United States and Romania over twelve days in October 2008 . The band spent one week recording with Rich Costey , who they had previously worked with earlier in the year on their eponymous debut studio album , Glasvegas . The band then flew to Transylvania where they spent a further week recording in a Citadel which they converted into a small recording studio . The Concentus Choir , featured on the track `` Silent Night/Noapte de Vis , '' was recorded at St. Nicholas Church in Braşov .
Release and reception
A Snowflake Fell ( and It Felt Like a Kiss ) was released as a limited edition standalone CD and as part of a special edition double CD with the band 's debut album Glasvegas , featured in a small box with fold-out poster , and separately as a digital download . The album has reached number 59 on the Swedish Albums Chart . The song `` A Snowflake Fell ( and It Felt Like a Kiss ) '' has reached number 17 on the Swedish Singles Chart and number 95 on the UK Singles Chart . `` Please Come Back Home '' has also reached number 76 on the UK Singles Chart .
Track listing
References
2008 albums
Glasvegas albums
Christmas EPs
Meadowbank Stadium railway station was opened on 14 June 1986 by British Rail next to Meadowbank Stadium in Edinburgh to allow spectators to travel to the 1986 Commonwealth Games that were being held at the stadium . A shuttle service ran from Edinburgh Waverley : at most times this consisted of a single train running at 20–30 minute intervals , but at times of high demand a second train was used and frequencies were higher . These operated from platforms 20 and 21 at Edinburgh Waverley , and a temporary ticket office nearby was the only outlet at which tickets could be bought . Special pre-printed Edmondson tickets were issued at a flat fare of £0.50 .
The station continued to be used for occasional events until 1998 , when it closed . The railway line is still there although the tracks nearest to the platform have been lifted . The platform and ramp are still there , but all fixtures and fittings have been removed and the station is now almost completely overgrown . The line linking it directly to Waverley via Abbeyhill has also been lifted , although trains can still access it by reversing at Piershill Junction .
References
External links
http : //www.railbrit.co.uk/Edinburgh_Leith_and_Newhaven_Railway/frame.htm
Disused railway stations in Edinburgh
Railway stations opened by British Rail
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1986
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1998
La X is a Colombian music radio brand for three stations operated and owned by Todelar .
The station in Bogotá airs an English-language adult contemporary format and the Cali station airs an English-language contemporary hit radio format , while the Medellín station airs an electronica format .
Frequencies
Bogotá : 103.9 MHz ( HJVU )
Medellín : 103.9 MHz ( HJG54 )
Cali : 96.5 MHz ( HJSQ )
External links
Official site ( Bogotá )
Official site ( Medellín )
Official site ( Cali )
Radio stations in Colombia
Radio stations established in 1982
1982 establishments in Colombia
Walther Sallaberger ( born 3 April 1963 in Innsbruck ) is an Austrian Assyriologist .
From 1982 to 1988 , Walther Sallaberger studied languages and cultures of the ancient Near East as well as classical archeology at the University of Innsbruck . They learned Hittite , Old Persian , Turkish and Hebrew in addition to the common languages of the disciplines . From 1982 to 1989 they took part in prehistoric excavations in Austria , in Eski Mosul and Borsippa in Iraq , in Velia in Italy and in Pergamon in Turkey .
Sallaberger has been a professor of assyriology at the University of Munich since September 1999 . From 2005 to 2007 they were director of the Department of Cultural Studies and Classical Studies at the University of Munich , from 2007 to 2009 Dean of the Faculty of Cultural Studies .
Guest lectureships have taken them to the University of Bern ( 1992/93 ) , the University of Venice ( 2001 ) , the University of Oxford ( 2002 ) , the Venice International University ( 2004 ) and the University of Verona ( 2007 ) . In 2012 the Bavarian Academy of Sciences chose them as a full member .
Some works
External links
References
1963 births
Austrian Assyriologists
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich faculty
Leipzig University faculty
Members of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences
Living people
Assyriologists
Obonub ( ; ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Tlogobsky Selsoviet , Gunibsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The population was 46 as of 2010 .
Geography
Obonub is located 45 km northwest of Gunib ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road , on the Kudiyabor River . Egeda and Khamagib are the nearest rural localities .
Nationalities
Avars live there .
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Kuzgölcük is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Seben District
Andrew `` Andy Votel '' Shallcross ( born 4 November 1975 in Marple Bridge , Stockport , England ) is an English musician , DJ , record producer , graphic designer and co-founder of Twisted Nerve Records and the reissue label Finders Keepers Records .
As musician
Violators of the English Language
Votel began making music in the late 1980s as the youngest member of the group Violators of the English Language ( from which the VOTEL stage name is derived ) . The group appeared on the Howard Jacobson BBC documentary Think of England in 1991 performing a rap song with a young DJ Semtex as a backing dancer . Violators of the English Language failed to gain label interest as a group but Fat City released the Violators of the English Language instrumental tracks as VOTEL in 1996 .
Solo career
In 2000 Votel signed to XL Records . They recorded two albums for the label , Styles of the Unexpected ( 2000 ) and All Ten Fingers ( 2002 ) . These albums featured original Can singer Malcolm Mooney , Guy Garvey , Gramme , and Jane Weaver .
Votel 's music is often released under a pseudonym . Their aliases include Applehead , Anworth Kirk , Tandy Love , Xian Orphic , Slant Azymuth , Neotantrik , and Tony Deval .
As DJ
Having built a reputation through Violators of the English Language , Votel began mixing psychedelic music with jazz and hip-hop records at clubs like The Hacienda and Home And South from the early 1990s . They are an internationally renowned DJ and has performed at events such as Sonar , All Tomorrow 's Parties , and the Green Man Festival . Votel founded the B-Music DJ Collective alongside ex-Hacienda DJ and journalist John Maccready . Other B-Music collaborators include David Holmes , Belle And Sebastian , Edan , Bob Stanley , and Gruff Rhys .
Votel has presented shows for Radio 4 such as 2011 's Free Wales Harmony , which documented the history of Welsh protest music . They appear regularly alongside Stuart Maconie on The Freakier Zone show on BBC 6 Music .
As record producer and remixer
Votel has produced extensively for Badly Drawn Boy , including tracks on the Mercury Music Prize winning album The Hour of Bewilderbeast . They have also produced music for Gruff Rhys including the single 'Shark Ridden Waters ' on the album Hotel Shampoo . Votel has also remixed or produced material for Ian Brown , The Avalanches , Lamb , Elastica , Texas , Death in Vegas , Kings of Convenience , Tim Burgess , Broadcast , and Elbow , among others . Votel also creates mix compilation CDs , including the Music To Watch Girls Cry series , Vertigo Mixed , a compilation of rare tracks from the Vertigo Records catalogue , Brazilika , rare Brazilian tracks and Hungaraton , rare Hungarian music .
As record label founder
Twisted Nerve
In 1997 Votel met Badly Drawn Boy and the pair founded the label Twisted Nerve , initially to release music by Badly Drawn Boy and Dave Tyack . The label then expanded , releasing the earliest recordings of many other artists including Doves , Elbow , PlanningToRock , and Alfie .
Finders Keepers
In 1999 Votel , along with Doug Shipton and Dom Thomas , founded the reissue label Finders Keepers . The debut release was a reissue of the then-obscure L'enfant Assassin Des Mouches by Jean-Claude Vannier . The label then carved a niche in reissuing vinyl obscurities from around the world , tracking down artists such as Selda Bagcan , Bruno Spoerri and Jean-Pierre Massiera .
Other labels
Votel co-runs Bird records with Jane Weaver and co-runs Pre-Cert Home Entertainment with Demdike Stare and Boomkat .
As graphic designer
Votel is a graphic designer and has created over 150 record sleeves . Notable artists to use their graphic design work include Gilles Peterson , Badly Drawn Boy , David Holmes , and Cate Le Bon . They have also designed campaigns for Adidas , Stussy , Levi , and Adam Et Rope . They were also the in-house designer for Fat City . Votel teaches part-time at Stockport Design College .
Personal life
Votel is married to musician Jane Weaver .
Other activity
Votel has been the curator of a number of events including the 2006 event at the Barbican Centre celebrating the music of Jean-Claude Vannier and Serge Gainsbourg . This event reunited musicians who played on the albums Histoire de Melody Nelson and L'enfant Assassin des Mouches . It also featured a number of contemporary artists as guest vocalists including Jarvis Cocker , Badly Drawn Boy , Brigitte Fontaine , The Bad Seeds ' Mick Harvey and Gruff Rhys . Other notable events include Barbican shows with Magma , Jean-Pierre Massiera and Polish composer Andrzej Korzyński and assisting Jarvis Cocker with the 2007 Meltdown Festival . They also curated 2013 's Festival Number 6 at Portmeirion .
Votel writes about outsider music for websites such as Red Bull Music Academy .
Discography
Singles
`` If Six Was Nine '' ( 12 '' , Grand Central Records , 1996 )
`` Canter '' ( 7 '' , Sluts Small , 1999 , split single with Add N to X )
`` Whirlpool '' ( Twisted Nerve Records )
`` The Amazing Transplant EP '' – with Cherrystones ( 12 '' , Stark Reality , 1999 )
`` Girl on a Go-ped '' / `` Return of the Spooky Driver '' ( Twisted Nerve Records )
`` Girl on a Go-ped '' ( Remix ) ( Twisted Nerve Records )
Albums
Styles of the Unexpected ( Twisted Nerve Records , 2000 )
All Ten Fingers ( Twisted Nerve Records , 2002 )
Compilations
Music To Watch Girls Cry ( 2003 )
Folk Is Not a Four Letter Word ( 2005 )
Vertigo Mixed ( 2005 )
Songs in the Key of Death ( 2005 )
Songs of Insolence ( 2005 )
Welsh Rare Beat ( 2005 )
Prog Is Not a Four Letter Word ( 2006 )
One Nation Under a Grave ( 2007 )
Vintage Voltage ( 2010 )
References
External links
English electronic musicians
English DJs
English record producers
Musicians from Greater Manchester
People from Stockport
1975 births
Living people
Electronic dance music DJs
Renu Soundar is an Born : ( October 13 , 1992 ) Indian actor who appears in Malayalam films and television series . They made their debut in the Malayalam film Manhole ( 2016 film ) ( 2016 ) . Them notable works include Chalakkudikkaran Changathi ( 2018 ) , Ottam ( 2019 ) and Marjara - Oru Kalluvacha Nuna ( 2020 )
Early life
They studied at GHSS , Thiruvananthapuram and later moved to Kochi for completing their higher studies . Renu has a bachelor 's degree in the fine arts and master of fine arts from Sree Sankaracharya University of Sanskrit .
Career
Renu made their acting debut as the lead in the 2016 film Manhole directed by Vidhu Vincent . Manhole was also screened at the Indian Film Festival of Melbourne in 2017 .
In 2018 , Renu starred in the film Chalakkudikkaran Changathi along with Senthil Krishna , Honey Rose , Joju George and others . The film was a loosely based on the life of actor Kalabhavan Mani . In 2019 , they had two releases , Ottam and Pengalila . Renu starred in the film Marjara - Oru kalluvacha Nunnu which released in 2020 . Renu has done a film in Tamil , Manja Satta Pachcha Satta ( 2021 ) along with Guru Somasundaram which is under production .
Filmography
All films are in Malayalam language unless otherwise noted .
Television Serials
References
External links
Living people
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Indian film actores
Actresses from Thiruvananthapuram
21st-century Indian actores
Actresses in Malayalam television
Actresses in Tamil television
Actresses in Tamil cinema
1992 births
`` Rich Girl '' is a song by Daryl Hall & John Oates . It debuted on the Billboard Top 40 on February 5 , 1977 , at number 38 and on March 26 , 1977 , it became their first of six number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 . The single originally appeared on the 1976 album Bigger Than Both of Us . At the end of 1977 , Billboard ranked it as the 23rd biggest hit of the year .
Content
The song 's lyrics are about a spoiled girl who can rely on their parents ' money to do whatever they want . The song was rumored to be about the then-scandalous newspaper heiress Patty Hearst . In fact , the title character in the song is based on a spoiled heir to a fast-food chain who was an ex-boyfriend of Daryl Hall 's girlfriend , Sara Allen . `` But you ca n't write , 'You 're a rich boy ' in a song , so I changed it to a girl , '' Hall told Rolling Stone .
Hall elaborated on the song in an interview with American Songwriter :
`` Rich Girl '' was written about an old boyfriend of Sara [ Allen ] 's from college that they were still friends with at the time . Their name is Victor Walker . They came to our apartment , and they were acting sort of strange . Their father was quite rich . I think they were involved with some kind of fast-food chain . I said , `` This guy is out of their mind , but they do n't have to worry about it because their father 's gon na bail them out of any problems they get in . '' So I sat down and wrote that chorus . [ Sings ] `` He can rely on the old man 's money/he can rely on the old man 's money/he 's a rich guy . '' I thought that did n't sound right , so I changed it to `` Rich Girl '' . They know the song was written about him .
Several years later , Hall read an interview with serial killer David Berkowitz , in which they claimed that `` Rich Girl '' had motivated them to commit the notorious `` Son of Sam '' murders ( although the song was not released until after the Son of Sam murders had already begun , casting doubts on that suggestion ) . Hall & Oates later reflected this disturbing fact in the lyrics of the song `` Diddy Doo Wop ( I Hear the Voices ) '' on the album Voices .
Personnel
Daryl Hall – lead vocals , backing vocals , keyboards
John Oates – backing vocals , rhythm guitars
Christopher Bond – keyboards
James Getzoff – conductor
Scott Edwards – bass
Ed Greene – drums
Gary Coleman – percussion
Reception
Cash Box said that it is `` an upbeat , foot-tapping number with a lyric line that really catches on . ''
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Selwyn version
Australian R & B singer Selwyn covered `` Rich Girl '' in 2002 . This version discards the second verse but contains two new verses and retains the original chorus . It was included on Selwyn 's 2002 debut album , Meant to Be , and released as a single on August 5 , 2002 . It became a hit in Australia and New Zealand , peaking at number nine in the former country and number 20 in the latter ; it is their highest-charting single in both nations . In Australia , it was certified gold and was the 50th-most-successful single of 2002 .
Track listing
Australian maxi-CD
`` Rich Girl ''
`` Rich Girl '' ( Rudy Mix )
`` Rich Girl '' ( Anna Nicole Mix )
`` Way Love 's Supposed to Be '' ( Isaac James Edit )
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
1976 songs
1977 singles
2002 singles
Hall & Oates songs
Selwyn ( singer ) songs
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
Epic Records singles
RCA Records singles
Song recordings produced by Audius Mtawarira
Songs written by Daryl Hall
Jorge Ulises Orozco ( 1878- ? ) was a Mexican diplomat during the Venustiano Carranza presidency . They were the Mexican consul in El Paso , Texas .
References
1878 births
Year of death missing
Mexican diplomats
Frontier Feud is a 1945 American Western film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by Adele Buffington . This is the eighteenth film in the `` Marshal Nevada Jack McKenzie '' series , and stars Johnny Mack Brown as Jack McKenzie and Raymond Hatton as their sidekick Sandy Hopkins , with Dennis Moore , Christine McIntyre , Jack Ingram and Eddie Parker . The film was released on November 24 , 1945 , by Monogram Pictures .
Cast
Johnny Mack Brown as Nevada Jack McKenzie
Raymond Hatton as Sandy Hopkins
Dennis Moore as Joe Davis
Christine McIntyre as Blanche Corey
Jack Ingram as Don Graham
Eddie Parker as Sam Murphy
Frank LaRue as Chalmers
Steve Clark as Bill Corey
Jack Rockwell as Sheriff Clancy
Mary MacLaren as Sarah Moran
Edmund Cobb as Moran
Lloyd Ingraham as Si Peters
Ted Mapes as Slade Burnett
References
External links
American Western ( genre ) films
1945 Western ( genre ) films
Monogram Pictures films
Films directed by Lambert Hillyer
American black-and-white films
1940s American films
Platinum Pied Pipers is a Detroit-based hip hop and R & B group composed of producer Waajeed ( Robert O'Bryant ) , and multi-instrumentalist Saadiq ( Darnell Bolden , not to be confused with Raphael Saadiq ) . Their music usually features a rotating and varied array of artists .
Background
The two met through rapper Baatin in 1992 . Sometime in 2000 , they decided to form a duo and began releasing 12 '' s and mixtapes . It was their collaboration with Dwele in 2003 , however , called `` Ridin ' High '' which caught the ears of music listeners , and set the stage for a full-length album . The pair have a rather distinctive mixture of sounds as , although Waajeed is primarily a hip hop producer , Saadiq is a protégé of Motown producer Barrett Strong , making for a finely tuned middleground . As stated in interviews , the name `` Platinum Pied Pipers '' was chosen at random and has no connection to the Pied Piper folk tale . Since Detroit is their hometown , they have said that the city is very important to them .
Triple P
Their debut album Triple P was released in 2005 on Ubiquity Records and received a large amount of praise from people such as Gilles Peterson , and Questlove , who claimed to have listened to the album seven times in a row . LA Weekly made it their `` Pick of the Week '' and said `` While [ Waajeed ] made hip-hop for the streets with their act Slum Village , he 's now making intergalactic soul with PPP ... the Triple P 's debut for Ubiquity has created a buzz in the air and a tremble on the dance floor '' .
Other album highlights include a Latin-fueled version of “ 50 Ways to Leave Your Lover ” featuring Rogiérs of Fibby Music , and a track with Detroit rapper Invincible .
Their newest album Abundance was released January 20 , 2009 . Wajeed stated : `` ... our tastes have changed—times have changed . It 's definitely a different record , but there are still a lot of similarities . ''
Discography
Albums
Triple P - ( 2005 , Ubiquity )
Abundance - ( 2009 , Ubiquity )
12 '' s
`` Ridin ' High '' b/w `` Open Your Eyes '' - ( 2003 , Ubiquity Records )
featuring Dwele
`` Stay With Me '' * , `` I Got You '' * , `` Your Day Is Done '' ^ - ( 2004 , Ubiquity Records )
featuring Tiombe Lockhart
featuring Georgia Anne Muldrow
`` Act Like You Know '' * b/w `` Now Or Never '' ^ - ( 2005 , Ubiquity Records )
featuring J Dilla
featuring Tiombe Lockhart
`` Shotgun '' , `` Fever '' ( 2005 , Ubiquity Records )
featuring Jay Dee ( J Dilla ) , Invincible & Medaphoar
References
External links
Ubiquity Records
PPP article February 2009
BBC article
Higher ground article
Okay Player article
J Dilla
American hip hop record producers
Detroit hip hop groups
Midwest hip hop groups
Musical groups established in 2000
Ubiquity Records artists
2000 establishments in Michigan
Tamar Bornstein-Lazar ( Hebrew : תמר בּוֹרְנְשְׁטֵיין-לָזָר , May 1 , 1927 – June 16 , 2020 ) was an Israeli children 's writer who was best known for their book series featuring the monkeys Kofiko and Chipopo .
Early life
Bornstein-Lazar was born and grew up in Ein Ganim , studied at Ahad HaAm High School in Petah Tikva , and later studied at the Teachers ' College in Givat HaShlosha . During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War , they served in a military band and was a teacher at Gordon School in Petah Tikva .
Career
In 1950 , Bornstein-Lazar began a literary career . From that year on , they published hundreds of stories for young children for the majority of children 's newspapers in Israel , which were later compiled into numerous books . In 1955 , Bornstein-Lazar won the Yatziv Award for their literary work . Additionally , they began publishing a series of story compilations about the Jewish holiday periods .
Bornstein-Lazar 's first story was published in Davar LiLadim on February 2 , 1951 . The story was called haYalda mhaMa'abara v'haKochav miMarom ( הילדה מהמעברה והכוכב ממרום , lit : `` The Girl from the Ma'abara and the Star from the Sky '' ) . Its plot revolves around a star who brings a goat to a Ma'abara to heal an ill girl using goat milk . Them second story , Lama Schorot Kanfei haOrev ( למה שחורות כנפי העורב , lit : `` Why Are the Crow 's Wings Black '' ) , appeared three months later .
In 1957 , Bornstein-Lazar began publishing their famous books about Kofiko and Chipopo , following the adventures of the two monkeys ( Kofiko in Israel , Chipopo abroad ) . Both series have spanned dozens of books and were hugely successful in Israel . The books were met with negative reception from certain educators and literary critics due to what they referred to as `` low-level writing '' .
Since 1965 , they wrote another children 's book series about an American child named Charlie Letch and their adventures in Israel . In 1969 , they began writing a series titled The Adventures of Suliman and Danny , about two friends ( Danny a Jew , Suliman an Arab ) .
Bornstein-Lazar was married to Shlomo ( Shlomke ) and had three daughters : Noga and the twins Odelia and Zahara . The names of their family members are also those of the characters in the Kofiko book series .
They wrote one adult book under the pen name `` B. L. ONZ '' ( the initials of their daughters ' names and surname : Bornstein-Lazar Odelia Noga Zahara ) .
Them personal archive is preserved in the National Library and numbered ARC . 4 * 2075 .
Bornstein-Lazar died on June 16 , 2020 , aged 93 .
External links
A list of Tamar Bornstein-Lazar 's publications on the National Library of Israel catalog
References
1927 births
2020 deaths
Israeli women children 's writers
Hebrew-language writers
Israeli schoolteachers
People from Petah Tikva
20th-century Israeli women writers
20th-century Israeli educators
21st-century Israeli women writers
Burials at Segula Cemetery
Gloria Parker ( née Rosenthal ; August 20 , 1921April 13 , 2022 ) was an American musician and bandleader who had a radio show during the big band era . The Gloria Parker Show was broadcast nightly from 1950 to 1957 , coast to coast on WABC . They played the marimba , organ , and singing glasses ( glass harp ) . Dubbed Princess of the Marimba , they conducted the 21-piece Swingphony from the Kelly Lyceum Ballroom in Buffalo , New York . This was the largest big band led by a female bandleader . Edgar Battle and Walter Thomas were arrangers for the Swingphony .
Early life
Parker was born in Brooklyn on August 20 , 1921 . Them father , Jack , was the owner of a garage ; their mother , Rose ( Glickman ) , was a violinist with Mark Warnow & the Hit Parade Orchestra . Them grandfather immigrated to the United States from the modern-day Czech Republic , and taught them how to play glasses . They started learning the violin at the age of four or five , playing a quarter-sized version of the instrument at the Brooklyn Academy of Music during the latter year .
Career
Parker worked as a songwriter , bandleader and musician . They performed with their orchestras playing the marimba , glass harp or musical glasses , piano , organ , violin , viola , vibraphone , xylophone , guitar , drums and all Latin percussion instruments .
The big band era included a musicians ' recording ban from August 1942 to November 1944 . The union that a majority of musicians belonged to did not allow its members to record until the record companies such as CBS agreed to pay them each time their music was played on the radio . This happened after an earlier ban of ASCAP songs from radio stations which led to the demise of this style of swing music . Parker emerged as a spokesperson for musicians and earned the title `` Famous One Share Stockholder '' in their battle for musician rights with CBS , RCA , and Time Inc . The national media would anxiously await Parker 's head to head confrontations with CBS founder William S. Paley and RCA chairperson of the board David Sarnoff at the annual stockholder meetings .
Starting in 1952 , Parker had their own program , The Gloria Parker Show , on WJZ-TV in New York City . It featured their all-female Swingphony , the largest big band led by a woman . During the early 1950s , they hosted a radio program with Vincent Lopez from the Taft Hotel in Manhattan called Shake the Maracas . They hosted an evening broadcast on WOR from the New York City Hotel Edison . Parker would open the show with the glass harp or musical glasses and feature the popular latin sound on their marimba with their orchestra .
Parker was also known for their starring roles in music films ( Soundies ) , such as Broadway and Main with Stepin Fetchit , Four Letters , Here Comes the Fattest Man in Town with comedic personality Mel Blanc as Santa Claus , Penthouse Party featuring Parker playing the glass harp , and Wise Men Say , all produced and directed by William Forest Crouch . They composed the music and wrote the lyrics for the films . Soundies were viewed on a Panoram , a coin-operated film jukebox in bars , nightclubs , restaurants , amusement parks , and community centers .
Personal life
Parker was engaged to Barney Young until their death during the late 1960s . They were their manager and co-wrote several songs with them They resided in Laurel Hollow on Long Island at the time of their death .
Parker died on April 13 , 2022 , at a hospital in Syosset , New York . They were 100 years old .
Select discography
`` In Santiago by the Sea '' by Gloria Parker and recorded by Vincent Lopez and their Orchestra
`` Tonight Be Tender to Me '' by Gloria Parker and recorded by Una Mae Carlisle
`` Daddy from Georgia Way '' recorded by Bob Chester and their Orchestra on Columbia Records , lyrics and music by Daisy Lawton , a pen name for Gloria Parker
`` Marimba Merengue '' by Gloria Parker
`` Stars and Stripes Forever Merengue '' by Gloria Parker
`` The Best Idea You Had '' by Gloria Parker and recorded by Una Mae Carlisle with Bob Chester and their Orchestra
`` The Up and Down Mambo '' by Gloria Parker
`` The Sweetest Words I Know '' by Gloria Parker on Columbia Records with Vincent Lopez Orchestra
`` Shake the Maracas '' lyrics and music by Gloria Parker , and name of a radio program on WABC hosted by Gloria Parker and Vincent Lopez
`` The Dixieland Rhumba '' lyrics and music by Gale Porter , a pen name for Gloria Parker .
Filmography
Broadway Danny Rose ( 1984 )
References
Radio Music Live 1920–1950 , A Pictorial Gamut by Morris N. Young and John C. Stoltzfus , Published by Arrangement with Life Music , Inc. , pp . 47 , 50 , 237 , 239 , 240 , 241
Singing Glasses is also the name of a 1980 record album composed by Gloria Parker playing the glass harp .
Life , May 1959 , `` Rising to a Point of Disorder '' , Famous One Share Stockholder Gloria Parker confronting Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) with Billings-Gate at the annual stockholder meeting .
External links
Official site
bizbash Water Glasses
1921 births
2022 deaths
20th-century American women musicians
American centenarians
American people of Bohemian descent
American radio personalities
Glass harp players
Big band bandleaders
Musicians from Brooklyn
Women centenarians
You Have Already Gone to the Other World is A Hawk and a Hacksaw 's sixth studio album with the subtitle `` Music inspired by Paradjanov 's Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors '' . It is a concept album which is written as a retrospective soundtrack for the 1964 movie Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors by Sergei Parajanov .
Background
The album is a concept album , it is arranged as a soundtrack for an already existing movie . Eight tracks are Eastern Europe folk songs from Hungary , Ukraine and Romania which are partly sampled from the movie and newly interpreted and arranged by Barnes and Trost . They also composed new music for the movie and played live along the movie in cinemas and theatres in 2012 .
Track listing
Personnel
Jeremy Barnes - accordion
Heather Trost - violin
John Dieterich - featuring on tracks 2,5 and 7
John Dieterich , Griffin Rodriguez and Jeremy Barnes - recording
Billy Joe Miller - album photography
Samples
All traditional songs arranged by Barnes and Trost
Samples from Sergei Parajanov 's Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors on tracks 1 , 2 , 4 , 10 and 15 :
( 1 ) Open It , Rose ( Hungary ) sample at 01:16 in the movie
( 2 ) You Have Already Gone to the Other World
( 4 ) Wedding Theme ( Ukraine ) sample at 52:33 in the movie
( 10 ) Horses of Fire Rachenitsa
( 15 ) Ivan and Marichka / The Sorcerer sample at 46:15 in the movie
An unknown Hungarian on track 14 `` Oh , Lord , Saint George , Bewitch Ivan , Make Him Mine ''
Notes
External links
The album - You Have Already Gone to the Other World
A Hawk And A Hacksaw
The movie - Shadows Of Forgotten Ancestors
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors at the Internet Movie Database
Parajanov.com News
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors at Parajanov.com
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors on YouTube ( full length )
References
2013 albums
A Hawk and a Hacksaw album
Mette Bock ( née Samuelsen , born 26 July 1957 in Gladsaxe ) is a Danish political scientist , journalist and former politician . They were a member of the Folketing from 2011 to 2019 , representing the Liberal Alliance party . They served as Minister of Culture and Church from 2016 to 2019 .
Background
Bock was born in Gladsaxe to Ole Samuelsen and Anna Holm , and is married to Hans Jørn Bock . Anders Samuelsen is their brother . They graduated in philosophy from Odense University and political science from Aarhus University . They worked as a lecturer at Aarhus School of Business and Social Sciences from 1984 to 2002 .
Political career
Bock joined the Socialist People 's Party for which they ran unsuccessfully in the 1994 parliamentary election . Later , Bock changed their allegiance to the Social Liberal Party for which they ran in the 2001 election , again unsuccessfully . In 2002 they became the editor-in-chief of JydskeVestkysten and the South Danish Media conglomerate . When their brother Anders Samuelsen left the Social Liberal Party to found the New Alliance ( later renamed as Liberal Alliance ) in 2007 , Bock expressed their support for that party , too . They would later join the party . From 2008 to 2009 they were the programme director of the public Danish Broadcasting Corporation .
They were elected representative to the Folketing at the 2011 Danish general election , as a member of Liberal Alliance . They were reelected in the 2015 election . From November 2016 to June 2019 they served as Minister for Culture and Church in the Lars Løkke Rasmussen III Cabinet . In 2019 they ran in the European Parliament election , but failed to get elected . They left politics shortly after the election .
References
Living people
1957 births
People from Gladsaxe Municipality
Government ministers of Denmark
Women government ministers of Denmark
Danish Culture Ministers
Danish Ministers for Ecclesiastical Affairs
Aarhus University alumni
21st-century Danish women politicians
Women members of the Folketing
Members of the Folketing 2011–2015
Members of the Folketing 2015–2019
The Národný atletický štadión ( National athletics stadium ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Banská Bystrica , Slovakia . It is currently used mostly for athletics and football matches and the home ground of MFK Dukla Banská Bystrica . The stadium has a capacity of 7,900 all seats .
History
Construction of this centrally-located stadium in Banská Bystrica ( part Štiavničky ) was launched in 1957 and lasted two years . Opened was 22 August 1959 with capacity of almost 15.000 spectators .
2018-2021 reconstruction
In 2018 began reconstruction of the stadium to meet IIAF and UEFA 3 stars criteria . Original capacity was decreased to 7,900 spectators ( all-seated ) . The estimated cost of €14.1 million was paid by Slovak government . The stadium is owned by Ministry of Defence Slovak Republic .
EYOF 2022
Národný atletický štadión hosted Athletics at the 2022 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival , from 25 to 30 July 2022 .
References
FK Dukla Banská Bystrica
Football venues in Slovakia
Multi-purpose stadiums in Slovakia
Buildings and structures in Banská Bystrica
Tourist attractions in Banská Bystrica Region
Sport in Banská Bystrica Region
Sports venues completed in 1959
`` Whatcha Wan na Do About It '' is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Madeline Merlo for their debut studio album , Free Soul ( 2016 ) . The song was written by Connie Harrington , Matt McGinn , and Steve Moakler , and was produced by Matt Rovey . It was released January 22 , 2016 as the album 's fourth official single . Following its release , `` Whatcha Wan na Do About It '' became Merlo 's fastest-rising single and earned Merlo their first top ten single on the Canada Country chart .
Content
`` Whatcha Wan na Do About It '' describes a relatable situation in which two people `` dance around '' their feelings for each other , with Merlo attempting to break the cycle by asking them love interest to make a move .
Promotion
Merlo appeared on Breakfast Television Toronto on June 2 , 2016 to promote the single .
Chart performance
`` Whatcha Wan na Do About It '' debuted on the Canada Country chart dated February 27 , 2016 . In its tenth week , on the chart dated March 30 , 2016 , the song reached its peak position of 10 . `` Whatcha Wan na Do About It '' also reached number 43 on the comprehensive Canada All-Format Airplay chart , their first entry on the tally .
Music video
An accompanying video for `` Whatcha Wan na Do About It '' was directed by Adam Rothlein and filmed in Los Angeles , California . The video premiered through select radio stations on February 5 , 2016 and was made available everywhere on February 10 , 2016 .
Charts
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Madeline Merlo songs
Open Road Recordings singles
Songs written by Connie Harrington
Songs written by Matt McGinn ( songwriter )
Songs written by Steve Moakler
Lalla ( 720–790 CE ) was an Indian mathematician , astronomer , and astrologer who belonged to a family of astronomers . Lalla was the son of Trivikrama Bhatta and the grandson of Śâmba . They lived in central India , possibly in the Lāṭa region in modern south Gujarat . Lalla was known as being one of the leading Indian astronomers of the eighth century .
Only two of their works are currently thought to be extant .
Their best-known work is the Śiṣyadhīvṛddhidatantra ( `` Treatise which expands the intellect of students '' ) . This text is one of the first major Sanskrit astronomical texts known from the period following the 7th-century works of Brahmagupta and Bhāskara I . It generally treats the same astronomical subject matter and demonstrates the same computational techniques as earlier authors , although there are some significant innovations , such that Lalla 's treatise offers a compromise between the rival astronomical schools of their predecessors , Āryabhaṭa I and Brahmagupta . It is within the Śiṣyadhīvṛddhidatantra that the earliest known description of perpetual motion is described .
The other extant work by Lalla is the Jyotiṣaratnakośa ( `` Treasury of Jewels '' ) , a treatise on catarchic astrology . This work is one of the earliest known Sanskrit astrological works for determining auspicious and inauspicious times . No edition of this text has ever been published while the known manuscripts are incomplete .
In their work , Lalla drew on their predecessors Brahmagupta , and Bhāskara I . In turn , they influenced later generations of astronomers , including Āryabhaṭa II , Śrīpati , Vaṭeśvara , and Bhāskara II ( who later wrote a commentary on the Śiṣyadhīvṛddhidatantra ) .
They followed the Āryapakṣa or the school of Āryabhaṭa ( continued by Bhāskara I ) , but divided the mahāyuga in the traditional way , following the Brāhmapakṣa school .
of Brahmagupta .
Works
Śiṣyadhīvṛddhidatantra : The most extensive extant exposition of the views of the Āryapaksa school . It contains twenty-two chapters divided into two books :
I . On the Computation of the Positions of the Planets
On the mean longitudes of the planets .
On the true longitudes of the planets .
On the three problems involving diurnal motion .
On lunar eclipses .
On solar eclipses .
On the syzygies .
On the heliacal settings and risings of the planets .
On the shadow of the moon .
On the lunar crescent .
On planetary conjunctions .
On conjunctions of the planets with the stars .
On the pātas of the sun and moon .
Conclusion .
II . On the Sphere
On graphical representations .
On the construction of the celestial sphere .
On the principles of mean motion .
On the terrestrial sphere .
On the motions and stations of the planets .
On geography .
On erroneous knowledge .
On instruments .
On certain ( selected ) problems ''
Jyotiṣaratnakośa : A popular book on astronomy in India
A commentary on Brahmagupta 's Khandakhadyaka , now lost
Notes
References
K. V. Sarma . `` Lalla . '' Encyclopaedia of the History of Science , Technology , and Medicine in Non-Western Cultures , ed . Helaine Selin , Dordrecht : Kluwer Academic Publishers , 1997 , p. 508 .
`` Lalla . '' Complete Dictionary of Scientific Biography . Vol . 7 . Detroit : Charles Scribner 's Sons , 2008 . 582-583 . Gale Virtual Reference Library . Web . 3 June 2013 .
Bracher , Katherine . The Biographical Encyclopedia Of Astronomers [ Electronic Resource ] / Edited By K. Bracher ... [ Et Al. ] . n.p . : New York ; London : Springer , 2006. , 2006 . UNIV OF OKLAHOMA LIBRARIES 's Catalog . Web . 6 June 2013 .
8th-century Indian astronomers
8th-century Indian mathematicians
720 births
790 deaths
Scholars from Gujarat
Roy Vickers may refer to :
Roy Henry Vickers , Canadian artist
William Edward Vickers , British mystery writer who used the pseudonym Roy Vickers
The Blue Diamond Preview ( Colts and Geldings ) is a Melbourne Racing Club Listed Thoroughbred horse race , raced under set weights with penalties conditions for two years old colts and geldings , over a distance of 1000 metres run at Caulfield Racecourse in Melbourne , Australia in late January . Prize money for the race is A $ 200,000 . The race lost it Group classification in 2006 .
History
The race is considered a lead-up to the Group 2 Blue Diamond Prelude C & G the following month and both races are used as lead-up races to the Group 1 Blue Diamond Stakes in late February at Caulfield . The race is usually held on the Australia Day public holiday . Along with this event the Blue Diamond Preview Fillies is held .
Thoroughbreds that have captured the Blue Diamond Preview – Blue Diamond Stakes double :
Midnight Fever ( 1987 ) , Zeditave ( 1988 ) , Knowledge ( 1997 ) , Bel Esprit ( 2002 ) , Reaan ( 2008 ) and Sepoy ( 2011 )
Name
Prior 1996 the race was known as Blue Diamond Prelude ( C & G ) and was run at Sandown Racecourse and was not to be confused with the Blue Diamond Prelude C & G run at Caulfield Racecourse a couple of weeks later at a distance of 1,100 metres .
Grade
1982–1987 - Listed race
1988–2005 - Group 3
2006 onwards - Listed race
Distance
1982–1983 – 1200 metres
1984 onwards - 1000 metres
Venue
1988–1996 - Sandown Racecourse
1997–2005 - Caulfield Racecourse
2006 - Sandown Racecourse
2007–2014 - Caulfield Racecourse
2015 - Sandown Racecourse
2016 onwards - Caulfield Racecourse
Winners
2022 - Daumier
2021 - General Beau
2020 - Hanseatic
2019 - I Am Immortal
2018 - Long Leaf
2017 - Property
2016 - Cohesion
2015 - Burnstone
2014 - Mohave
2013 - Dissident
2012 - The Travelling Man
2011 - Sepoy
2010 - Innocent Gamble
2009 - Reward For Effort
2008 - Reaan
2007 - Cecconi
2006 - Kapphero
2005 - Danger Looms
2004 - Sanziro
2003 - Murphy 's Blu Boy
2002 - Bel Esprit
2001 - Sheraton
2000 - Toorak Thunder
1999 - Cullen
1998 - Special Edition
1997 - Knowledge
1996 - Jumpin ' Jive
1995 - Tuscany Flyer
1994 - Renarchi
1993 - St. Rory
1992 - Vertingly
1991 - Noble Lancer
1990 - Canny Lad
1988 - Zeditave
1987 - †Midnight Fever / Change Of Habit
† The event held in divisions
See also
List of Australian Group races
Group races
References
Horse races in Australia
Caulfield Racecourse
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Mora–Siljan Airport is located about 7 km or 3.3 NM southwest of Mora , Sweden . Its fixed-base operator ( FBO ) , AB Dalaflyget , which also operates Dala Airport , consists of the municipalities of Mora , Falun , Borlänge and Dalarna County , in Central Sweden . Dalaflyget also provides air traffic control services . The 45 m wide runway and parking can accommodate Boeing 737-type airliners .
Airlines and destinations
The number of passengers fell dramatically from about 50,000 passengers per year in the 1980s to 7,000 in recent years , following a trend experienced during this period by all Swedish third-level airports . Competition between two domestic airlines , Skyways Express and the defunct European Executive Express , came to an end in 2005 , leaving the area without flights to Stockholm and the outside world , requiring a 4-hour drive or train travel . Mora Municipality managed the airport before Dalaflyget was established . From 2016 until 2018 AIS Airlines operated the line to Stockholm .
On 28 February 2018 , the route to Stockholm Arlanda was canceled , since the Swedish Transport Administration , which procured the Arlanda–Sveg route , did not accept the line being combined with the Arlanda–Mora route . This has been processed in court and also appealed to the EU Commission , which gave the Swedish Transport Administration the right to have their agreements for themselves . Mora Municipality has chosen not to procure its own line because it would mean significantly higher costs . The train is considered a future means of transport , unless the government gives directions to the Swedish Transport Administration to procure the line . The Transport Administration only procured air routes where alternative transport ( ground or other airport ) to central Stockholm takes over four hours , and the train takes slightly less for Mora .
The new Sälen-Trysil Airport which opened in December 2019 has taken over the winter tourist flights . The last scheduled flights went to and from Ängelholm in March 2019 .
Statistics
See also
List of the largest airports in the Nordic countries
References
External links
Official site ( Swedish )
Airports in Sweden
Adam Henry ( born April 27 , 1972 ) is an American football coach and former player , who is the wide receivers coach and co-offensive coordinator for the Indiana Hoosiers . Henry has previously served as wide receivers coach for LSU , San Francisco 49ers , Cleveland Browns , and New York Giants . They also served as tight ends coach for the Oakland Raiders .
College career
Henry was a wide receiver at McNeese State from 1990 to 1993 , earning All-Southland Conference honors as a senior . They finished their career with 93 receptions for 1,690 yards and 16 touchdowns , all of which remain in the top-10 in school history .
Professional career
Following their career at McNeese State , Henry signed a free agent contract with the New Orleans Saints in 1994 . They spent training camp and the preseason with the Saints in 1995 and 1996 .
Coaching career
McNeese State
Henry joined McNeese State in 1997 as the wide receivers coach . They served as wide receivers coach for nine seasons before being promoted to assistant head coach and offensive coordinator in 2006 . As the wide receivers coach , Henry helped develop Jermaine Martin , who finished their career as the school 's all-time leader in receptions ( 160 ) and receiving yards ( 2,646 ) , as well as the 2003 Southland Conference Player of the Year , B.J . Sams .
Oakland Raiders
Henry would join the Oakland Raiders in 2007 . They spent their first two years with the Raiders as an offensive quality control assistant . Henry was promoted to tight ends coach by head coach Tom Cable in 2009 . Henry helped accelerate the development of Zach Miller , who became the first tight end in franchise history to lead the team in receiving for three straight years . Miller set career highs in receptions ( 66 ) and receiving yards ( 805 ) in 2009 , and was selected to the Pro Bowl for the first time the following season , in 2010 . In 2011 , Henry was retained by new head coach Hue Jackson . However , they were not retained following Jackson 's dismissal as head coach .
LSU
Henry would join the LSU Tigers football team in 2012 . In their first year with the Tigers , Henry 's receiving unit featured four underclassmen and was led by sophomores Odell Beckham Jr. and Jarvis Landry , who combined for 99 receptions for 1,286 yards and seven touchdowns . In 2013 , Beckham and Landry became the first pair of receivers in school history to finish with more than 1,000 yards in the same season . Landry led the Tigers with 77 receptions for 1,193 yards and 10 touchdowns , while Beckham caught 59 passes for 1,152 yards and eight touchdowns . Beckham earned first-team All-America honors as a kick returner and an all-purpose player in 2013 , and was the recipient of the 2013 Hornung Award as college football 's most versatile player . In 2014 , redshirt sophomore Travin Dural finished the season ranked sixth in the SEC in receiving yards ( 758 ) and tied for seventh in receiving touchdowns ( seven ) . Dural 's 20.5 yards per reception average was best in the conference among players with at least 35 catches .
San Francisco 49ers
Henry joined the San Francisco 49ers as the wide receivers coach in 2015 .
New York Giants
Henry joined the New York Giants as the wide receivers coach in 2016 .
Cleveland Browns
Henry signed a 3-year deal with the Cleveland Browns as their new wide receivers coach in 2018 , reuniting them with Jarvis Landry and Odell Beckham Jr .
Dallas Cowboys
Henry left the Browns to join the Dallas Cowboys as their new wide receivers coach . The move came soon after the Cowboys hired former Green Bay Packers head coach , Mike McCarthy .
Personal life
Henry is a native of Beaumont , Texas , They have three children , Darian , Kynidee , and Ava . Henry is a member of Epsilon Phi chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi . Henry is married to Dr. Zita Henry ( Fayetteville , NC ) .
References
External links
LSU Tigers bio
New York Giants bio
1972 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Dallas Cowboys coaches
LSU Tigers football coaches
McNeese State Cowboys football coaches
McNeese State Cowboys football players
New Orleans Saints players
New York Giants coaches
Oakland Raiders coaches
People from Beaumont , Texas
San Francisco 49ers coaches
Sportspeople from Texas
The Shikoku proportional representation block ( ) is one of eleven proportional representation ( PR ) `` blocks '' , multi-member constituencies for the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan . It consists of Shikoku region covering Tokushima , Kagawa , Ehime and Kōchi Prefectures . Following the introduction of proportional voting it elected seven representatives in the 1996 general election . When the total number of PR seats was reduced from 200 to 180 , the Shikoku PR block shrunk to six seats .
Summary of results
With a district magnitude of six , Shikoku is the smallest PR block . The vote share necessary to obtain a seat is usually well above ten percent . In three elections after the consolidation of the LDP-DPJ-party system by the merger of the LP into the DPJ in 2001 , only the top three parties were able to win seats in Shikoku . In 2012 , the LDP recorded its worst result since the introduction of proportional party list voting and the DPJ vote share crashed by more than 25 percentage points , the newly created Japan Restoration Party managed to gain two proportional seats in Shikoku .
Party names are abbreviated as follows : ( Romanisation of Japanese name in brackets ) :
LDP : Liberal Democratic Party , ( Jiyūminshutō )
DPJ : Democratic Party of Japan ( Minshutō )
Komeito ( Kōmeitō )
JCP : Japanese Communist Party , ( Nihon Kyōsantō )
SDP Social Democratic Party , Shakaiminshutō
NFP : New Frontier Party , Shinshintō
LP : Liberal Party , Jiyūtō
NSP : New Socialist Party , Shin-shakaitō
LL : Liberal League , Jiyū-rengō
HRP : Happiness Realization Party , Kōfuku-jitsugen-tō
List of representatives
Note : Party affiliations as of election day .
Election results
2014 general election
2012 general election
2009 general election
References
JANJAN , The Senkyo : Results of general and by-elections for the House of Representatives 1890–2010
Shikoku region
PR Shikoku
Amoi Technology Co. , Ltd. ( ) is a Chinese electronics company based in Xiamen , Fujian . It is a mobile service provider which integrates manufacturing , research and development , and sales of mobile communication devices .
History
Amoi was established in 1997 , with the original name of Amoisonic . Amoi now has a staff of more than 6000 and total assets of RMB 3.25 billion . Its English company name is derived from Amoy , the old name for Xiamen , from which the company originates .
Research and Development
Amoi Shanghai Institution , Amoi Research Center .
Products
Amoi manufactures a diverse range of consumer electronics , including mobile phones and LCD televisions , for sale both domestically and internationally .
Amoi also manufactures the 3 Skypephone mobile phone along with the INQ Phone , the social networking phone exclusive to 3 Skypephone .
Sponsorships
China women 's national volleyball team
Xiamen International Marathon
External links
Amoi official website
Amoi official website
Amoi USB Drivers
Manufacturing companies based in Xiamen
Electronics companies of China
Privately held companies of China
Manufacturing companies established in 1997
Mobile phone companies of China
Mobile phone manufacturers
Telecommunication equipment companies of China
Chinese brands
The Ghost is a Faroese electropop duo consisting of Filip Mortensen on vocals and
Urbanus Olsen on electronics .
Following their appearance at the Iceland Airwaves music festival , held in Reykjavík , Iceland , the duo received a recording contract with the British Sunday Best record label . The duo also appeared at the G ! Festival , held in Syðrugøta , Faroe Islands , in 2009 and 2010 . In addition , they have performed as the warm-up band for The Wombats , a British indie-rock band ; Ladytron , an English electronic band ; and Vampire Weekend , an American indie-rock band .
In 2010 , they released their debut album War Kids .
See also
Lists of musicians
List of synthpop artists
Music of the Faroe Islands
References
External links
myspace.com/theghostband , the band 's official website
Musical groups with year of establishment missing
Electronic music duos
Faroese musical groups
Dmitry Shvidkovsky ( , born 14 May 1959 ) is a Russian educator and historian of architecture of Russia and the United Kingdom during the Age of Enlightenment . A 1982 alumnus and long-term professor of Moscow Architectural Institute , Shvidkovsky was appointed its rector in 2007 .
Biography
Dmitry Shvidkovsky was born in Moscow . They are the son of historian Oleg Shvidkovsky , author of General History of Arts and Building in the U.S.S.R. , 1917-1932 ; their mother hails from the Mamontov dynasty .
Shvidkovsky is the author of the definitive biography of Charles Cameron and a series of essays on contemporary British artists ( William Hastie , Adam Menelaws ) in Russia and their role in Russian art . In 1997 Shvidkovsky was awarded the medal of the Russian Academy of Arts for their 1996 books St. Petersburg : Architecture of the Tsars and The empress & the architect : British architecture and gardens at the court of Catherine the Great , both printed overseas . The topic of Western influence continued with the 2007 edition of Russian architecture and the West , illustrated by Yekaterina Shorban ( Shvidkovsky 's wife ) . Adam Wilkinson of the Architects Journal summarized : `` his thesis [ is ] that Russian architecture is the product of waves of European influence filtered through Russian conditions - a brave move , given Russia 's proud architectural historical tradition ... The result is a thrilling architectural grand tour , not dry scholarship '' .
Shvidkovsky is a full member of the Russian Academy of Arts and its secretary for History of Arts since 1998 , and vice-president since 2004 . Shvidkovsky is also a full member of the Russian Academy of Architecture and Construction and a corresponding fellow of the British Academy .
Asked in 2009 about the role of independent preservation groups , Shvidkovsky said `` I frequently admire what they do , but this is not enough . We must raise a new type of architects who would fight to preserve historic environment ... [ this is why ] this year we make historic preservation courses mandatory for all architecture students , not only restorators . '' ( ) .
References
1959 births
Living people
Russian art historians
Russian educators
Writers from Moscow
Corresponding Fellows of the British Academy
Moscow Architectural Institute faculty
Greene Township is a township in Worth County , in the U.S. state of Missouri .
Greene Township is named after American Revolutionary War General Nathanael Greene .
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Worth County , Missouri
Murray Rosenblatt ( September 7 , 1926 – October 9 , 2019 ) was a statistician specializing in time series analysis who was a professor of
mathematics at the University of California , San Diego . They received their Ph.D. at Cornell University .
They were also a recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship , in 1965 , and was a member of the National Academy of Sciences . They wrote about 140 research articles , 4 books , and co-edited 6 books .
Education and career
Rosenblatt was born in New York City and went to City College of New York . They completed their PhD in 1949 under the direction of Mark Kac at Cornell University . They became an instructor/assistant professor in the Committee of Statistics at the University of Chicago . They were at the Indiana University , and Brown University before theirs joining the University of California at San Diego in 1964 . They became well known for their contributions on time series and Markov processes . They conducted seminal work on density estimation , central limit theorems under strong mixing , spectral domain methods and long memory processes .
Awards and honors
In addition to being a fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and American Association for the Advancement of Science , they were a Guggenheim fellow ( 1965–1966 , 1971–1972 ) and was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1984 . In 2013 they became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society , for `` contributions to probability and statistics '' .
Death
Rosenblatt died on October 9 , 2019 .
Books
Rosenblatt , M. Errett Bishop : Reflections on Him and Their Researches on Foundations and Function Algebras . American Mathematical Society .
Rosenblatt , M. Gaussian and Non-Gaussian Linear Time Series and Random Fields . Springer Verlag . .
Rosenblatt , M. Markov Processes : Structure and Asymptotic Behavior Springer Verlag . .
Brillinger D. R. , Caines P. , Geweke J. , Rosenblatt M. , Taqqu M. S. New Directions in Time Series Analysis . Springer , .
Rosenblatt , M. Random Processes ( Graduate Texts in Mathematics ) Springer Verlag , .
Rosenblatt , M. Stationary Sequences and Random Fields Birkhauser , .
Grenander Ulf , Rosenblatt M. Statistical Analysis of Stationary Time Series American Mathematical Society , .
Rosenblatt , M. Stochastic Curve Estimation Institute of Mathematical Statistic , .
Rosenblatt , M. Studies in Probability Theory Mathematical Association of America , .
References
External links
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
1926 births
New York University alumni
University of California , San Diego faculty
Fellows of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics
2019 deaths
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Gerd Natschinski ( 23 August 1928 – 4 August 2015 ) was a German composer . They worked on the scores for more than forty film and television series during their career . They were employed the East German state-controlled studio DEFA .
Natschinski died on 4 August 2015 in a Berlin hospital .
Selected filmography
My Wife Makes Music ( 1958 )
Heißer Sommer ( 1968 )
Selected operettas and musicals
Messeschlager Gisela ( 1960 , premiered at Metropol Theater Berlin )
Servus Peter ( 1961 )
Mein Freund Bunbury ( 1964 , premiered at Metropol Theater Berlin ) based on The Importance of Being Earnest
Casanova ( 1976 , premiered at Metropol Theater Berlin )
Caballero ( 1988 )
Bibliography
Marc Silberman & Henning Wrage . DEFA at the Crossroads of East German and International Film Culture : A Companion . Walter de Gruyter , 2014 .
References
External links
Gerd Natschinski at schott-musik.de
1928 births
2015 deaths
German composers
People from Chemnitz
20th-century German musicians
Francisco Goicoechea García is a Spanish lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1979 World Rowing Championships in Bled with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
Living people
20th-century Spanish people
Udipur ( ) is a town and marketplace at Besishahar Municipality in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal . The Besishahar Municipality was formed by merging the existing Village Development Committees i.e . Besishahar , Gaunshahar , Udipur & Chandisthan on May 15 , 2014 . Middle Marshyandi Hydro Electricity is located in this place . The famous temple of Udipur Kalika is located here . This place is in the way of Annapurna Conservation Area . The Dumre-Besishahar-Chame highway also goes from this place . Here are different casts and religions .
Population
At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 2,692 ( 1,482 Female & 1,210 Male ) people living in 698 individual Households .
Photos of Udipur
See also
Besishahar Municipality
Gaunshahar
Chandisthan
Lamjung District
DUDAMUKH
Udipur is divided into besisahar1and2 municipality
References
Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
ROF Maltby was a Royal Ordnance Factory rifle manufacturing plant near Maltby , South Yorkshire which manufactured weapons such as the Lee–Enfield rifle and Sten submachine gun . During World War II , ROF Maltby manufactured over 737,000 weapons . Rifles manufactured at Maltby were marked either with and M , RM or ROF ( M ) to distinguish them from rifles made at other ROF plants .
ROF Maltby and ROF Fazakerley were established in the 1930s before World War II to increase arms production facilities in areas less vulnerable to aerial attack , and were called shadow factories after an earlier national plan to increase military airplane production . The main British factory for rifle manufacture in WWII was the BSA shadow factory in Shirley . R.S.A.F . Enfield , which until 1941 was Britain 's main military rifle production facility , focused on producing Bren Guns etc .
ROF Maltby 's closure was announced in Parliament in July 1957 with dismantling work beginning almost immediately afterwards and complete withdrawal and demolition had been achieved by 1958 .
References
Buildings and structures in South Yorkshire
Military history of South Yorkshire
Royal Ordnance Factories in England
Engineering ROF
ROF
1930s in Yorkshire
1940s in Yorkshire
Mixing Me is a 2005 EP by Miss Kittin to promote their album I Com . Mixing Me contains remixes of I Com '' 's singles .
Critical reception
Johnny Loftus of Allmusic said , `` Mixing Me '' is a fantastic Miss Kittin entry point . They splice parts of later tracks into the earlier ones for more adventure . ''
Track listing
References
2005 EPs
Miss Kittin albums
High Inquisitor may refer to :
Grand Inquisitor , the lead official of the Inquisition
Hogwarts High Inquisitor , fictional character in J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series
Imperial High Inquisitor , fictional character in the Star Wars franchise
The Chapel of St Martin is a small Roman Catholic church in the rural village of Baħrija in Malta .
History
The original chapel was founded in the 15th century . It was mentioned in 1575 in inquisitor Pietro Dusina 's report of their apostolic visit to Malta . Dusina mentions that the church lacked all means to use for the celebration of mass and that mass was only celebrated once a year . Dusina ordered the restoration of the chapel 's door and ordered the parish priest of St Paul 's Collegiate church in Rabat to encourage locals to care for the chapel . Years later , when Bishop Baldassare Cagliares visited the chapel in 1615 they found that Dusina 's instructions were ignored and consequently deconsecrated the chapel .
In 1643 , agreements were drawn to celebrate vespers on the eve of the feast of St Martin and mass on the feast day . In 1684 , Bishop Miguel Jerónimo de Molina visited the chapel and mentions that mass was celebrated on Sundays and feast days . Around the same year the chapel was rebuilt through initiatives of Cumbo Navarra .
The chapel was used frequently by the locals until a new larger church was built nearby . The chapel was recently extensively restored and is mostly used for perpetual adoration .
Interior
The chapel includes one altar and a painting depicting Martin of Tours , St James the Greater and St Philip Neri . It dates from 1735 and is the work of Francesco Zahra .
References
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Malta
Rabat , Malta
National Inventory of the Cultural Property of the Maltese Islands
Roman Catholic chapels in Malta
The Maserati V8RI was a model of racing car produced by Italian manufacturer Maserati of Modena in 1936 , for total of four units .
Designed by Ernesto Maserati , they had a front-mounted 4.788-liter V8 engine , 90 degrees . A Roots type supercharger and dual choke Weber carburetor , single camshaft resulted in and a maximum speed of . The `` RI '' denoted Ruote indipendenti , the then innovative independent four-wheel suspension . The cars measurements were wheelbase , length , width , and height .
Chassis # 4501 debuted at Grand Prix de la Marne 1935 , driven by Philippe Étancelin . Its only victory was the Pau Grand Prix in 1936 . All four V8RIs built competed in the 1937 Vanderbilt Cup at New York 's Roosevelt Field , and all four remained in the United States for many years afterwards .
External links
maserati.org.au has a gallery and description
rickcarey.com on chassis # 4501
References
V8RI
Grand Prix cars
Bolton and Undercliffe is a ward in the metropolitan borough of the City of Bradford , West Yorkshire , England . It contains 20 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II , the lowest of the three grades , which is applied to `` buildings of national importance and special interest '' . The ward is a suburb of Bradford to the northeast of the city centre and is almost completely residential . It includes Peel Park which contains listed buildings , including the entrance lodges , statues , drinking fountains , and a relocated doorway and wall . The other listed buildings include houses and cottages , farmhouses and farm buildings , a church , and a school .
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in West Yorkshire
Listed
Health care ratings are ratings or evaluations of health care . In the United States they have been an increasingly used tool to try to drive accountability among health care providers and in the context of classic supply/demand view of Health economics , to help health care consumers make better choices .
Reviews in 2008 and 2009 review of research on the effects of health care ratings found that there was evidence that public ratings drove hospitals to improve their performance , but there was limited evidence that they affected how consumers choose health care providers or insurance plans , or that they changed the performance of individual doctors or insurance companies .
In may cases it is difficult to create health care ratings that can meaningfully summarize any individual provider 's performance in a way that be compared with others ' , and data is often lacking with which to generate ratings .
People may have difficulty finding the ratings , especially if they are negative . To make these reports more accessible , large philanthropies , including the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , have funded major initiatives that are focused on performance measurement like the Aligning Forces for Quality program .
See also
Health system international comparisons
References
Health economics
Health cares quality
Healthcare reform in the United States
Patient safety
Rating
Brother Museum is a corporate museum located in Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture , Japan . It is operated by Brother Industries .
Summary
It opened in March 2005 under the name `` Brother Communication Space '' and changed its name to the current one in January 2018 .
The museum is divided into the `` Product Zone '' , which introduces new products and businesses of Brother Industries ; the `` History Zone '' , which displays a knitting machine , typewriters , office equipment such as facsimiles and printers , and information and communication devices that were once manufactured by Brother Industries ; and the `` Sewing Machine Zone '' , which displays sewing machines collected from around the world . There is also a `` Reference Room '' with a collection of historical documents and books related to Brother Industries , and a hall that can accommodate 80 people .
Reference
External link
Official website
Museums in Aichi Prefecture
Industry museums in Japan
The GRES-2 Power Station ( or Power Station Ekibastuz ) is a coal-fueled power generating station in Ekibastuz , Kazakhstan . GRES-2 , commissioned in 1987 , has installed capacity of 1,000 MWe and has the world 's tallest flue-gas stack at high . The reinforced concrete chimney is about taller than the Inco Superstack in Sudbury , Ontario , Canada . It is the tallest chimney ever built .
The power station is the start of the Powerline Ekibastuz–Kokshetau and uses a transmission voltage of 1,150 kVAC , the highest transmission voltage in the world . The extension of this line to Chelyabinsk in Russia is also designed for 1,150 kV , but it currently operates at only 500 kV . About 3/4 of the energy produced by GRES-2 was exported to Russia .
Fifty percent of GRES-2 shares are owned by Inter RAO UES , and fifty percent by Kazakhstan 's government .
Individual units
The planned capacity of 4,000 MWe is to be provided by eight equal units , 500 MWe each .
Unit 1 was launched into service in December , 1990 .
Unit 2 was launched into service in December , 1993 .
Construction of Unit 3 was started 1990 but later stopped .
See also
Ekibastuz GRES-1
List of chimneys
List of towers
List of the tallest freestanding structures in the world
Unfinished building
List of the tallest buildings and structures in the world
External links
Smoke-stack diagrams
GRES-2 official website
Energy infrastructure completed in 1987
Towers completed in 1987
Power stations built in the Soviet Union
Chimneys in Kazakhstan
Coal-fired power stations in Kazakhstan
Electric power companies of Kazakhstan
Inter RAO
1987 establishments in the Soviet Union
Dimitar Spisarevski ( ) ( 19 July 1916 – 20 December 1943 ) was a Bulgarian fighter pilot known for taking down an American bomber by ramming it during the bombing of Sofia in World War II .
Born in Dobrich on 19 July 1916 , Spisarevski moved with their family after the post-World War I Treaty of Neuilly ceded the city to Romania , consecutively living in Lom , Belogradchik and Sofia .
Spisarevski entered Their Majesty 's Military School , but was subsequently expelled and went to serve in Yambol . Due to their excellent conduct , they were called back as a cadet to the school . When a pilot contest was announced , they were among the first candidates for the new subject . Later , they went on to study in Nazi Germany , where they graduated from the fighter pilot school in Werneuchen in 1938 . In the summer of 1943 , they were sent to the English Channel with another Bulgarian pilot to observe the German pilots and master aerial warfare tactics .
On 20 December 1943 , a group of 200 American B-24 Liberator bombers and fighter planes headed to Sofia in order to bomb the Bulgarian capital once again . 36 Bulgarian airplanes took off in order to intercept the bombers before they reached Sofia . Spisarevski was one of the Bulgarian Air Force 's Messerschmitt Ме-109G-2 pilots on duty in Bozhurishte who were sent to intercept the bombers before they could reach the city .
According to the battle log of the 3/6 fighter wing , of which Spisarevski was part , the battle went the following way : the American B-24 aircraft flew towards Sofia in V-shaped formations of three , echeloned in a long rear column . The Bulgarians formed an opposing battle row , echeloned in squadrons of four in a rear column , at 6,000 m. The wing had the task to engage the enemy P-38 Lightning fighters while at the same time the other wing , 2/6 , would hit the bombers and force them to release their bombs outside the city .
Flying Officer Spisarevski 's aircraft failed to start and they took off in a reserve plane with some delay in what would be their first and only aerial battle . When they reached the bombers , the battle had already begun . Spisarevski evaded two American fighters , headed to a group of 16 Liberators and , without ceasing fire , crashed into the leading bomber . The bomber split in mid-air and only the tail gunner survived . Spisarevski 's machine crashed at the heights near the village of Pasarel close to Sofia . Their body was found among the debris . The hit American bomber crashed on the other side of the village . For the taking down of a four-engine bomber , they were credited posthumously with three aerial victories and promoted to the rank of captain . Spisarevski was buried in the Central Sofia Cemetery , in the Walk of Pilots .
References
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents
World War II pilots
Bulgarian Air Force personnel
Bulgarian military personnel killed in action
1916 births
1943 deaths
Suicides in Bulgaria
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in Bulgaria
People from Dobrich
Recipients of the Order of Bravery
Burials at Central Sofia Cemetery
Bulgarian World War II flying aces
20th-century Bulgarian military personnel
Pilots who performed an aerial ramming
Military personnel killed in World War II
Tripob Shushuenklin is a Thai retired footballer .
References
Living people
Tripob Shushuenklin
1979 births
Association football midfielders
Tripob Shushuenklin
Tripob Shushuenklin
Tripob Shushuenklin
Gérard Fromanger ( 6 September 1939 – 18 June 2021 ) was a French visual artist . A painter who also employed collage , sculpture , photography , cinema , and lithography , they were associated with the French artistic movement of the 1960s and 1970s , called Figuration Narrative ( new figurative representation ) , somewhat like pop art . Fromanger was alsi associated with photorealism .
Fromanger studied at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris , where their first solo exhibition was held in 1966 . Souffles , their large translucent `` half-balloon '' street sculptures , attracted attention in 1968 . They also collaborated with Jean-Luc Godard to make the short `` Film-tract 1968 '' . Urban life and the consumer society are themes well represented in their work .
The Nouvelle Figuration movement ( sometimes called figuration narrative or représentation narrative ) is considered to have been a reaction against abstract art , with a more political slant than American pop art . Fromanger has been described as a social critic who takes a political position without neglecting the poetic dimension .
Michel Foucault , a friend of Fromanger 's , wrote about their work in Photogenic Painting .
In 2005 , a retrospective exhibition , Gérard Fromanger : rétrospective 1962–2005 , was shown at various galleries in France , Belgium , Luxembourg , and Switzerland . Fromanger lived and worked in both Siena and Paris .
Books
Bernard Ceysson Gérard Fromanger ( Catalogue for retrospective exhibition 2005 )
Gilles Deleuze and Michel Foucault Photogenic Painting ( 2000 )
Alain Jouffroy Gérard Fromanger ( 1973 )
Serge July Fromanger ( 2000 )
References
Interview with Fromanger , plus pictures and videos
Centre Pompidou
French National Library
Nouvelle Figuration
External links
Interview with Fromanger
Fromanger and Jouffroy
Souffles
Portrait of Gérard Fromanger by Braun-Vega ( 1984 )
1939 births
2021 deaths
People from Yvelines
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
French male painters
21st-century French painters
21st-century French male artists
Commandeurs of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
The Rockingham War Memorial is a military memorial in the City of Rockingham , Western Australia , dedicated to what is now the Australian Defence Force .
Memorial
The monument was dedicated on 13 August 2005 by Mark McGowan , then Western Australian Minister for Tourism , Racing and Gaming , Barry Sammels , Mayor of the City of Rockingham , and Mark Stevens , President of the City of Rockingham RSL Sub-Branch . The dedication took place two days before the 60th anniversary of Victory over Japan Day .
The centre piece of the war memorial was originally located on the opposite side of Flinders Lane but relocated to its current location in 2007 , when the area was redeveloped .
The memorials main feature are its fourteen classical styled columns , one for each major conflict Australia participated in . The 5.5 metre tall columns are arranged in a circle of a diameter of 30 metres . A fourteenth column socket has been left empty to commemorate Australian soldiers missing in action . The three branches of the Australian Defence Force , Army , Air Force and Navy , are represented by a QF 25-pounder field gun , a propeller and an anchor . The entrance to the memorial is guarded by two bronze soldiers , created by Perth sculptor Andrew Kay . Each weights 160 kilograms and is double the human size .
In 2015 , a memorial was added to commemorate the centenary of World War One . It displays a Roll of Honour with sixteen names listed of those from the district who served during the war .
Apart from the Rockingham War Memorial , two other major war memorials exist in Rockingham , the Rockingham Naval Memorial Park , dedicated to the Royal Australian Navy , and the Z Special Unit Memorial , in honour of the Z Special Unit .
References
War Memorial
Military memorials in Western Australia
2005 establishments in Australia
`` Arche-writing '' ( ) is a term used by French philosopher Jacques Derrida in their attempt to re-orient the relationship between speech and writing .
Derrida argued that as far back as Plato , speech had been always given priority over writing . In the West , phonetic writing was considered as a secondary imitation of speech , a poor copy of the immediate living act of speech . Derrida argued that in later centuries philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau and linguist Ferdinand de Saussure both gave writing a secondary or parasitic role . In Derrida 's essay Plato 's Pharmacy , they sought to question this prioritising by firstly complicating the two terms speech and writing .
According to Derrida , this complication is visible in the Greek word φάρμακον pharmakon , which meant both `` cure '' and `` poison '' . Derrida noted that Plato argued that writing was `` poisonous '' to memory , since writing is a mere repetition , as compared to the living memory required for speech . Derrida points out however , that since both speech and writing rely upon repetition they can not be completely distinguished .
In the neologism arche-writing , `` arche- '' meaning `` origin , principle , or telos '' , attempts to go beyond the simple division of writing/speech . Arche-writing refers to a kind of writing that precedes both speech and writing . Derrida argued that arche-writing is , in a sense , language , in that it is already there before we use it , it already has a pregiven , yet malleable , structure/genesis , which is a semi-fixed set-up of different words and syntax . This fixedness is the writing to which Derrida refers , just such a 'writing ' can even be seen in cultures that do not employ writing , it could be seen in notches on a rope or barrel , fixed customs , or placements around the living areas .
References
Philosophy of language
Post-structuralism
Writing
Maera irregularis is a species of crustacean in the genus Maera . It lives in Kuwait .
References
Maeridae
Animals described in 2016
El día que me quieras ( in English : The day that you will love me ) is a 1935 musical film which starred the legendary tango singer Carlos Gardel , Spanish actor Rosita Moreno and the tango singer Tito Lusiardo . The film was directed by John Reinhardt , produced by Robert R. Snody and written by the tango lyricist Alfredo Le Pera .
Plot
The film tells the story of Julio Arguelles , the son of a wealthy Buenos Aires business person , who wants to marry Margarita , who is considered to be below their social status . Despite their father 's opposition , they marry and elope together . The film then traces the life of the couple and , following the death of the young Margarita , concludes with Julio 's rise to fame as a tango singer . Astor Piazzolla , who in later life would revolutionize traditional tango , played a cameo role as a young paperboy .
Cast
Carlos Gardel ( Julio Argüelles , the son )
Rosita Moreno ( Margarita/Marga , the young wife )
Tito Lusiardo ( Rocamora )
Manuel Peluffo ( Saturnino )
Francisco Flores del Campo ( Daniel Dávila )
José Luis Tortosa ( Pedro Dávila )
Fernando Adelantado ( Carlos Argüelles , the father )
Suzanne Dulie ( Pepita )
Celia Villa ( Juanita )
Agustín Cornejo ( guitar player )
Alberto Infanta ( police officer )
Astor Piazzolla ( newspaper boy )
Songs
The film features the following songs all with music by Carlos Gardel and lyrics by Alfredo Le Pera :
Suerte negra - a country waltz sung as a trio by Carlos Gardel , Tito Lusiardo and Manuel Peluffo .
Sol tropical - a rumba .
El día que me quieras - a tango sung as a duet in the final part of the film by Carlos Gardel y Rosita Moreno .
Sus ojos se cerraron - a tango .
Guitarra , guitarra mía - a country song .
Volver - a tango .
References
Piazzolla , Ástor . A Memoir , Natalio Gorin , Amadaeus , 2001 .
External links
1935 films
Tango films
1930s musical drama films
American black-and-white films
American musical drama films
1930s romantic musical films
Spanish-language American films
1935 drama films
1930s Spanish-language films
1930s American films
The Abyssinian white-eye or white-breasted white-eye ( Zosterops abyssinicus ) is a small passerine bird belonging to the genus Zosterops in the white-eye family Zosteropidae . It is native to north-east Africa and southern Arabia .
It is 10–12 cm long . The upperparts are green ; darker and greyer in northern races . There is a narrow white ring around the eye and a thin black line between the bill and eye . The underparts vary from pale yellow to greyish-white depending on the race . The bird has various twittering and buzzing calls .
In Africa it occurs from north-east Sudan south through Eritrea , Ethiopia , Somaliland and Kenya to north-east Tanzania . It is also found on Socotra Island . In Arabia it occurs in south-west Saudi Arabia , Yemen and southern Oman . It occurs in open woodland , scrub , wadis and gardens . It is found up to 1,800 metres above sea-level in Africa and 3,100 metres in Arabia . It usually forages among branches in trees but sometimes descends to ground-level . It feeds mainly on insects and will also take nectar from flowers .
Notes
References
Hollom , P. A. D. ; Porter , R. F. ; Christensen , S. & Willis , Ian ( 1988 ) Birds of the Middle East and North Africa , T & AD Poyser , Calton , England .
Sinclair , I . & Ryan , P. ( 2003 ) Birds of Africa South of the Sahara , Struik , Cape Town .
Zimmerman , D. A. ; Turner , D. A . & Pearson , D. J . ( 1999 ) Birds of Kenya & Northern Tanzania , Christopher Helm , London .
Abyssinian white-eye
Birds of the Horn of Africa
Birds of the Middle East
Abyssinian white-eye
Canada House , formerly known as Panache House , is a Grade II listed building situated on the northern side of Commercial Street in the centre of the city of Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England . It was built as the head offices of the Sheffield United Gas Light Company in 1874 . While the main outlook of the building is out onto Commercial Street there is also a short frontage onto Shude Hill at its eastern end and this designated as 19 Shude Hill .
History
The building was constructed for the Sheffield United Gas Light Company in 1874 by M.E . Hadfield & Son in the classical style of a grand Italian villa . It was originally named Panache House , and this designation remains carved above the main entrance . The interior contains ornate plaster ceilings and period fireplaces . The general office contains a glazed dome by J.F . Bentley and carvings by Thomas Earp while the boardroom contains a decorative ceiling by Hugh Stannus . Improvements and additions were made to the building in 1890 . The building remained as offices for the Gas Board until 1972 and throughout this period it was informally known as the Gas Office . The vacant building was offered for sale in 1972 but no buyers came forward . Property developers sought consent to demolish the building and redevelop the site but this was opposed by several preservation societies and in June 1973 it was designated as a Grade II * listed building ( later downgraded to Grade II ) .
An inquiry into the building 's future in 1977 resulted in Sheffield 's Assistant Chief Planner David Cathels stating that the building was considered to be “ A vigorous and distinguished example of Victorian architecture which should be retained ” . Local business person Les Vickers paid £110,000 for the building in 1978 with a scheme to turn it into a hotel and conference centre , however these plan fell through and in the early 1980s the building 's lower floor was converted into “ Turn Ups ” nightclub and “ Bloomers ” pub . In 1990 Canadian Business Parks of Bedfordshire acquired the building with plans to restore it , but this never happened as the company hit financial problems .
The building continued to deteriorate throughout the early 1990s and in 1996 Sheffield City Council served a legal notice on the owners to effect repairs . However , no maintenance was carried out , rain came in through the damaged roof and period fireplaces were stolen . The Council in partnership with English Heritage sealed the building against further damage and it was then acquired by English Partnerships , the Government agency for regeneration . The building has been restored , and now carries the name Canada House . The lower floors were occupied by No . 1 Oriental Buffet Restaurant , but this was closed by 2011 . There is office space on the upper floors .
As of 2022 , Sheffield Music Academy are turning the building into `` Harmony Work '' - a centre for music teaching in Sheffield
Architecture
The building is constructed in the Italian Renaissance Revival style . Among the highlights of the architecture are the four paired granite Corinthian columns on both the ground and first floor . The main door is round arched with steps and is flanked by two figures of Atlas on pedestals supporting a segmental Pediment . The roof has four square corner pinnacles topped with spires .
References
Grade II listed buildings in Sheffield
History of Sheffield
Office buildings completed in 1874
Matthew Ellison Hadfield buildings
1874 establishments in England
The 2014 World Women 's Curling Championship ( branded as Ford World Women 's Curling Championship 2014 for sponsorship reasons ) was held from 15 to 23 March at the Harbour Station in Saint John , New Brunswick .
Qualification
The following nations are qualified to participate in the 2014 World Women 's Curling Championship :
( host country )
One team from the Americas zone
( given that no challenges in the Americas zone are issued )
Eight teams from the 2013 European Curling Championships
Two teams from the 2013 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships
Teams
{ | class=wikitable
|-
! width=200|
! width=200|
! width=200|
|-
| Ottawa CC , Ottawa
Skip : Rachel Homan
Third : Emma Miskew
Second : Alison Kreviazuk
Lead : Lisa Weagle
Alternate : Stephanie LeDrew
| Harbin CC , Harbin
Skip : Liu Sijia
Third : Jiang Yilun
Second : Wang Rui
Lead : Liu Jinli
Alternate : They Qiutong
|CC Sokol Liboc , Prague
Skip : Anna Kubešková
Third : Tereza Plíšková
Second : Klára Svatoňová
Lead : Veronika Herdová
Alternate : Alžběta Baudyšová
|-
! width=200|
! width=200|
! width=200|
|-
|Hvidovre CC , Hvidovre
Skip : Madeleine Dupont
Third : Denise Dupont
Second : Christine Svensen
Lead : Lina Almindingen Knudsen
Alternate : Isabella Clemmensen
|SC Riessersee , Garmisch-Partenkirchen
Skip : Imogen Oona Lehmann
Third : Corinna Scholz
Second : Nicole Muskatewitz
Lead : Stella Heiß
Alternate : Claudia Beer
|SC OndulatB , Riga
Skip : Evita Regža
Third : Dace Regža
Second : Ieva Bērziņa
Lead : Žaklīna Litauniece
Alternate : Iluta Linde
|-
! width=200|
! width=200|
! width=200|
|-
||Moskvitch CC , Moscow
Skip : Anna Sidorova
Third : Margarita Fomina
Second : Aleksandra Saitova
Lead : Ekaterina Galkina
Alternate : Nkeiruka Ezekh
|Currie and Balerno CC , Edinburgh
Skip : Kerry Barr
Third : Rachael Simms
Second : Rhiann Macleod
Lead : Barbara McPake
Alternate : Hannah Fleming|Gyeonggi-do CC , GyeonggiFourth : Gim Un-chi
Skip : Kim Ji-sun
Second : Lee Seul-bee
Lead : Um Min-ji
Alternate : Shin Mi-sung|-
! width=200|
! width=200|
! width=200|
|-
||Skellefteå CK , SkellefteåFourth : Maria Prytz
Third : Christina Bertrup
Second : Maria Wennerström
Skip : Margaretha Sigfridsson
Alternate : Sara McManus||Flims CC , FlimsSkip : Binia Feltscher
Third : Irene Schori
Second : Franziska Kaufmann
Lead : Christine Urech
Alternate : Carole Howald|St . Paul CC , St. PaulSkip : Allison Pottinger
Third : Nicole Joraanstad
Second : Natalie Nicholson
Lead : Tabitha Peterson
Alternate : Tara Peterson| }
Round robin standingsFinal Round Robin StandingsRound robin results
All draw times are listed in Atlantic Standard Time ( UTC−4 ) .
Draw 1Saturday , 15 March , 14:30Draw 2Saturday , 15 March , 19:30Draw 3Sunday , 16 March , 9:30Draw 4Sunday , 16 March , 14:30Draw 5Sunday , 16 March , 19:30Draw 6Monday , 17 March , 9:30Draw 7Monday , 17 March , 14:30Draw 8Monday , 17 March , 19:30Draw 9Tuesday , 18 March , 9:30Draw 10Tuesday , 18 March , 14:30Draw 11Tuesday , 18 March , 19:30Draw 12Wednesday , 19 March , 9:30Draw 13Wednesday , 19 March , 14:30Draw 14Wednesday , 19 March , 19:30Draw 15Thursday , 20 March , 9:30Draw 16Thursday , 20 March , 14:30Draw 17Thursday , 20 March , 19:30TiebreakerFriday , 21 March , 14:30Playoffs
1 vs. 2Friday , 21 March , 19:303 vs. 4Saturday , 22 March , 9:00SemifinalSaturday , 22 March , 14:00Bronze medal gameSunday , 23 March , 12:00FinalSunday , 23 March , 19:30Statistics
Top 5 player percentagesRound robin only ''
References
General
Specific
External links
World Women 's Curling Championship
World Women 's Curling Championship
Curling in New Brunswick
Sport in Saint John , New Brunswick
World Women 's Curling Championship
World Women 's Curling Championship
World Curling Championship
Women 's curling competitions in Canada
Sports competitions in New Brunswick
International sports competitions hosted by Canada
World Curling Championship
John Sealy may refer to :
John Sealy Townsend , mathematical physicist who taught at Oxford University
John Sealy Hospital , a hospital that is a part of the University of Texas Medical Branch complex in Galveston , Texas , United States
USS John Sealy ( SP-568 ) , a United States Navy minesweeper in commission during 1917
See also
John Sealey ( born 1945 ) , English professional footballer
John Seally ( 1741 or 1742–1795 ) , English writer and clergyman
The following is an episode list for the MyNetworkTV telenovela American Heiress . This limited-run serial began on March 13 , 2007 , but finished early on July 18 , 2007 . Each two-hour installment airs on Tuesdays at 8:00 p.m. for two hours a week .
Episodes
Episode 1 : Lion King
Original Air Date : 13 March 2007
The Wakefield family are introduced . It was revealed that the father planned on leaving their fortune to Elizabeth , which Damien tried to stop by setting up a plane accident . Before Lionel had a chance to get to the airport , they were stopped by Danielle who worked for the FBI . They had worked with their fiance in the jungle when they witnessed their company selling weapons to American enemies . Before the two could get away , Danielle 's fiance was killed . They brushed them off , but confronted Damien about this new information . While telling Damien how disappointed they are in their son , Lionel had a heart attack that landed them in the hospital . Meanwhile , Elizabeth boarded the plane that was being captained by JD Bruce . They got word that Mr. Wakefield had a heart attack and turned the plane around without telling Elizabeth their reasoning in an attempt to keep them calm .
Episode 2 : Crash and Burn
Original Air Date : 13 March 2007
While flying Elizabeth back to see Lionel , the plane crashed in the jungles of Guatemala . The co-pilot was killed on impact while it appeared that Elizabeth and JD survived . Elizabeth pulled JD from the plane and worked on retrieving their luggage . When JD awoke , they worried that they would not be saved for days ; while Elizabeth kept high hopes about being found within days . Back in the hospital , the Wakefield family continued to deal with the condition of their father and the family learned that their daughter 's and sister 's plane had crashed . With the news that their sister may be dead , Damien requested that they stop searching for Elizabeth . They figured that their plan may work out yet if their sister had died and their father did not survive surgery .
Episode 3 : Jungle Fever
Original Air Date : 20 March 2007
Elizabeth and JD continued to fight on the island while growing closer . They almost drowned while bathing , but was saved by JD who was watching them An unknowing JD and Elizabeth were in danger of being attacked by the locals in Guatemala who discovered part of the plane that they crashed in . Lionel lived through surgery and was almost killed by Damien who told them of their daughters supposed death and sent them into cardiac arrest . The episode ended with the appearance of the Wakefield children 's mother who was thought to be dead .
Episode 4 : Lions and Tigers and Bears
Original Air Date : 20 March 2007
Danielle confronted Damian about their involvement in the guns that they had seen with their family 's company name branded on the side of the transport box . Later , Danielle went home and discovered a cracked porcelain doll that had a message attached , left by Damian . In the jungle , Elizabeth and JD begia to form a friendship . The two slept at the same camp . While they were asleep , the locals were getting closer and looked to kidnap Elizabeth and hold them for ransom . Finally , in the hospital Jordan was causing trouble with all of their children . In the past , Jordan wanted to be in their children 's lives , but Lionel told them to leave and not to return . Most of the Wakefield children did not remember Jordan and only had memories told by their father . They told the children that their mother had an affair and left to Europe .
Episode 5 : Guerillas in the Mist
Episode 6 : Patriot Games
Original Air Date : 27 March 2007
Episode 7 : Proof of Life
Episode 8
Episode 9 : Darkest Dawn
Episode 10 : Rescue Me
Episode 11 : There 's No Place Like Home
Episode 12 : Family Reunion
American Heiress
Pinckney is an English surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Pinckney political family of South Carolina
Charles Pinckney ( South Carolina chief justice ) ( 1699–1758 ) , South Carolina politician , father of Charles Cotesworth Pinckney and Thomas Pinckney , and uncle of Colonel Charles Pinckney
Colonel Charles Pinckney ( 1731–1782 ) , South Carolina politician , British Loyalist during Revolutionary War , father of the Governor Charles Pinckney
Charles Cotesworth Pinckney ( 1746–1825 ) , Revolutionary War general and Federalist Party presidential candidate
Charles Pinckney ( governor ) ( 1757–1824 ) , drafter of the United States Constitution , father of Henry Laurens Pinckney , and second cousin of Charles Cotesworth Pinckney
Eliza Lucas Pinckney ( 1722–1793 ) , South Carolina planter
Thomas Pinckney ( 1750–1828 ) , South Carolina governor , ambassador to Britain , diplomat who arranged Pinckney 's Treaty , and a brother of Charles Cotesworth Pinckney
Henry L. Pinckney ( 1794–1863 ) , U.S. Representative from South Carolina
John M. Pinckney ( 1845–1905 ) , U.S. Representative from Texas ; their parents were from South Carolina
Others
Bertine Pinckney ( 1824–1909 ) , American politician
Callan Pinckney ( 1939–2012 ) , American fitness professional
Clementa C. Pinckney ( 1973–2015 ) , American politician
Darryl Pinckney ( born 1953 ) , American author and critic
Ed Pinckney ( born 1963 ) , American basketball player
Frank L. Pinckney ( 1884–1945 ) , American college basketball coach
John A. Pinckney ( 1905–1972 ) , American prelate of the Episcopal Church
Josephine Pinckney ( 1895–1957 ) , American novelist and poet
Michael Pinckney ( born 1998 ) , American football player
Scott Pinckney ( born 1989 ) , American professional golfer
St. Clair Pinckney ( 1930–1999 ) , American saxophonist
Violet Pinckney ( 1871–1955 ) , English tennis player
See also
Charles Pinckney ( disambiguation )
Governor Pinckney ( disambiguation )
Senator Pinckney ( disambiguation )
Pinckney ( disambiguation )
Fliegerhorst Vlamertinge is a former military air base , located 8.4 km east-southeast of Poperinge in West Flanders , Belgium . It was closed in 1945 and is now in agricultural use .
History
After the German invasion of Belgium in May 1940 , the area was surveyed by military engineers looking for a suitable location to establish a Luftwaffe military airfield . During 1941 Vlamertinge airfield was begun by a construction team , although most of the construction was begun on land near the village of Dikkebus , a few KM south . A grass runway was laid out and some buildings of wood were set up .
In 1942 , a 4 km length of ring road was constructed and a 2,000 ' concrete runway was laid out . The ring road had branches to various hardstands and maintenance shops , and some small aircraft shelters . It is unknown which Luftwaffe units used the facility during the period of German occupation .
After the Allied invasion of France in June 1944 , the Germans destroyed the runway on 10 June , and later the buildings on 2 September . The landing field was plowed up and electrical wiring was removed . British forces moved through the area in late 1944 and aviation engineers were able to restore the base for operations by Royal Air Force fighter and Allied transport aircraft . It was re-designated Advance Landing Ground B-59 .
The RAF continued operations from the field until March 1945 , when it was abandoned and turned over to local authorities . Over the years , the runway was removed and the land returned to agricultural use . Many old German buildings were converted to agricultural buildings and are still scattered around the area .
References
Flugplatz Vlamertinge
Johnson , David C. ( 1988 ) , U.S. Army Air Forces Continental Airfields ( ETO ) , D-Day to V-E Day ; Research Division , USAF Historical Research Center , Maxwell AFB , Alabama .
Belgian military aircraft
District 3 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes a portion of Josephine County . The current representative for the district is Republican Carl Wilson of Grants Pass .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Josephine County , Oregon
The red-throated tit ( Melaniparus fringillinus ) is a species of bird in the family Paridae .
It is found in Kenya and Tanzania .
Its natural habitat is dry savanna .
The red-throated tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade .
References
red-throated tit
Birds of East Africa
red-throated tit
red-throated tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Oahu Interscholastic Association ( OIA ) is an athletic conference composed of all public secondary schools on the island of Oahu , Hawaii , U.S.A . The OIA was first founded in 1940 as the Rural Oahu Interscholastic Association ( ROIA ) . The five founding schools were Castle High School , Kahuku High School , Leilehua High School , Waialua High & Intermediate School and Waipahu High School . The OIA originally comprised all the rural schools on Oahu , which were all of the schools that were not situated in the main city of Honolulu . This changed however in 1970 with the addition of the five former public school members of the Interscholastic League of Honolulu – Farrington High School , Kaimuki High School , McKinley High School , Roosevelt High School and Kalani High School . After the public Honolulu schools joined , the league changed its identity from the ROIA to simply OIA to reflect the integration of all of the public high schools on the island .
The OIA now has 24 member schools who compete in 19 different junior varsity and varsity level sports . The league produces a number of quality athletic teams in a number of sports , especially football . The OIA concurs with the Hawaii Board of Education and Hawaii Department of Education in recognizing athletics as an integral part of the educational program of the high school and holds its athletes to a number of academic and behavioral standards .
Mission statement
The mission of the OIA is to promote unity and cooperation amongst the member schools in the establishment and administration of policies and regulations for implementing an interscholastic athletic program . The association shall stress educational and cultural values , promote skills in competitive activities and foster sportsmanship and mutual respect .
Members
Baseball
The OIA divides its baseball teams into 3 conferences spanning 2 divisions : OIA Division 1 East , Division 1 East , and Division 2 ( combined East-West ) .
Division 1 East
Castle Knights
Farrington Governors
Kailua Surfriders
Kaiser Cougars
Kalani Falcons
Moanalua Na Menehune
Roosevelt Rough Riders
Division 1 West
Aiea Na Alii
Campbell Sabers
Kapolei Hurricanes
Leilehua Mighty Mules
Mililani Trojans
Pearl City Chargers
Waianae Seariders
Division 2
Kahuku Red Raiders
Kaimuki Bulldogs
Kalaheo Mustangs
McKinley Tigers
Nanakuli Golden Hawks
Radford Rams
Waialua Bulldogs
Waipahu Marauders
Football
Beginning in 2018 , the OIA decided to divide its football teams into 3 divisions/conferences : the OIA Open Division , OIA D1 , and OIA D2 . Teams are realigned every 2 years based on performance of both the varsity and junior varsity .
OIA Open Division
Campbell Sabers
Farrington Governors
Kahuku Red Raiders
Kapolei Hurricanes
Mililani Trojans
Waianae Seariders
OIA D1
Aiea Na'ali ' i
Castle Knights
Kailua Surfriders
Leilehua Mules
Moanalua Na Menehune
Radford Rams
Waipahu Marauders
OIA D2
Kaimuki Bulldogs
Kaiser Cougars
Kalaheo Mustangs
Kalani Falcons
McKinley Tigers
Nanakuli Golden Hawks
Pearl City Chargers
Roosevelt Rough Riders
Waialua Bulldogs
State Champions and Runners-up
See : Oahu Prep Bowl
Division I
Teams from the Oahu Interscholastic Association have competed in every Division I State Championship game since the creation of the championship in 1999 . The OIA lost the first ever Division I state championship game in 1999 with the St. Louis Crusaders beating the Kahuku Red Raiders 19–0 . In total , the OIA is 8–6 in the Division I State Championship .
Kahuku High School holds the current record for the most appearances ( 8 ) and wins ( 6 ) in the OIA and the state for the Division I title . Kahuku is also the current Division I champion after beating Punahou School 42–20 on November 23 , 2012 .
Division II
Teams from the OIA have competed in the Division II State Championship game 6 of the 10 times it was held from 2003–2012 . The OIA has won only 2 ( in 2003 and 2004 ) .
Aiea High School and Campbell High School are the only 2 OIA schools to have won the HHSAA Division II State Championship . Radford High School holds the record for most appearances by the OIA with 2 ( 2005 and 2008 ) . Iolani School currently holds the state record for most Division II State Championships with 7 wins of 8 appearances ( including a 6-game winning streak since 2007 ) .
Football Rivalries
OIA Football Playoffs Bracket 2009
RED Division
RED-West Seeding
Leilehua
Waianae
Kapolei
Mililani
Campbell
RED-East Seeding
Kahuku
Farrington
Castle
Kailua
Kaimuki
RED-Champ : KAHUKU Red Raiders
2nd Place : LEILEHUA Mules
3rd Place : FARRINGTON Governors
Note : Will advance to play for HHSAA DI championship playoff . see HHSAA DI football championship bracket .
* Denotes Overtime Game
WHITE Division
WHITE-Champ : Moanalua Na Menehune
2nd Place : Aiea Na Ali ' i
Note :
Will advance to play for HHSAA DII championship playoffs . see HHSAA DII football championship bracket .
OIA Football Playoffs Bracket 2010
RED Division
RED-West Seeding
Mililani^
Leilehua^
Waianae^
Radford
Aiea
^ Clinched State Tournament Berth
RED-East Seeding
Kahuku
Kailua
Castle
Farrington
Moanalua
RED-Champ : Mililani
2nd Place : Leilehua
3rd Place : Waianae
Note :
Will advance to play for HHSAA DI championship playoff . see HHSAA DI football championship bracket .
* Denotes Overtime Game
WHITE Division
WHITE-Champ : Kaimuki
2nd Place : Kalaheo
Note : Will advance to play for HHSAA DII championship playoffs . see HHSAA DII football championship bracket .
OIA Football Playoffs Bracket 2011 to Present
OIA Football Playoff Brackets for seasons 2011 to present can be found in their respective OIA season pages .
References
External links
Official site of the Oahu Interscholastic Association
OIA Sports
Baseball | Basketball ( boys and girls ) | Bowling | Cheerleading | Cross Country | Football | Golf | Judo | Paddling | Riflery | Soccer ( boys and girls ) | Softball | Soft Tennis | Swimming | Tennis | Track and Field | Volleyball ( boys and girls ) | Water Polo | Wrestling |
Hawaii high school athletic conferences
Sports organizations established in 1940
1940 establishments in Hawaii
Roy Hamilton ( born May 14 , 1973 ) is professor in the departments of Neurology and Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at University of Pennsylvania ( Penn ) . They are the Director of Penn 's Laboratory for Cognition and Neural Stimulation ( LCNS ) , and launched the Brain Stimulation , Translation , Innovation , and Modulation Center ( brainSTIM ) at the University of Pennsylvania in 2020 .
Background
Hamilton obtained their bachelor 's degree in Psychology from Harvard University in 1995 , and obtained their MD and a master 's degree in Health Sciences Technology from Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) in 2001 . They completed residency training in Neurology at the University of Pennsylvania in 2005 , and pursued a fellowship in Cognitive and Behavioral Neurology at the same institution . They were appointed to the faculty of Penn 's Department of Neurology in 2009 .
Hamilton is a board certified neurologist and practicing clinician at the Penn Memory Center. ,
Research interests and work
Hamilton has explored a variety of topics , including plastic changes that occur in the brains of blind individuals , mechanisms of neural recovery in patients who have suffered from strokes , and neuromodulation as a potential tool for enhancing human cognition
The central focus of their research revolves around using noninvasive electrical and magnetic brain stimulation to explore the characteristics and limits of functional plasticity in the intact and injured human brain .
As director of Penn 's Laboratory for Cognition and Neural Stimulation , Hamilton leads a team of scientists and clinicians to employ a combination of behavioral measures , advanced neuroimaging , and brain stimulation to investigate the neural basis of cognition , develop and implement therapies for neurological disorders , and to reveal critical behaviorally relevant circuit and network properties of the human brain .
Professional service and honors
Hamilton worked in various leadership roles in the University of Pennsylvania 's Educational Pipeline Program from 2003 to 2012 , which serves as an educational and mentorship program for disadvantaged high school students in West Philadelphia . Since 2012 , they have served as the Assistant Dean for Diversity and Inclusion at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania .
In 2017 , they were appointed as the inaugural Vice Chair for Diversity and Inclusion in the Department of Neurology at the University of Pennsylvania . Since 2019 , Hamilton has served as one of two inaugural Associate Editors for Equity Diversity and Inclusion for the four academic journals published by the AAN : Neurology , Neurology Clinical Practice , Neurology Genetics , and Neurology Immunology and Neuroinflammation .
They were the recipient of the American Academy of Neurology Foundation 's Norman Geschwind Prize in Behavioral Neurology , They serve on the editorial boards of Restorative Neurology and Neuroscience , Cognitive and Behavioral Neurology , and Neurobiology of Language .
brainSTIM Center
Hamilton launched the Brain Science , Translation , Innovation , and Modulation Center ( brainSTIM ) at the University of Pennsylvania in 2020 . Made up of a team of neuroscientists , neurologists , psychiatrists , psychologists , and engineers , the center has a cross-disciplinary approach which uses neuromodulation to investigate , remediate , and enhance human brain function .
References
External links
UPenn profile
Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania faculty
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Harvard Medical School alumni
Harvard College alumni
1973 births
Living people
New Zealand competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 to 18 September 2016 . It was the nation 's thirteenth appearance at the Summer Paralympics , having made its debut in 1968 and appeared in every edition since .
The 31-member delegation collected 21 medals at the Games : nine gold , five silver and seven bronze . This was the second-largest number of medals won by New Zealand behind the 1984 Games , while the number of gold medals achieved equalling the record of nine achieved at the 1996 Games . The medals won exceeded High Performance Sport New Zealand 's target of 18 medals overall , but fell short of the second target of 12 gold medals . Swimming and athletics dominated the medal tally with ten and nine medals respectively ; the remaining two medals were both achieved in cycling .
Swimmer Sophie Pascoe achieved three gold medals and two silver medals , taking their total medal haul to nine golds and six silvers and overtaking Eve Rimmer to become New Zealand 's most decorated Paralympian . Them silver medal in the 50 m freestyle S10 is New Zealand 's 200th overall Paralympic medal . Fellow swimmers Mary Fisher , Nikita Howarth and Cameron Leslie won single gold medals , with Leslie completing a hat-trick with their third consecutive gold medal in the 150 m individual medley SM4 . Sprinter Liam Malone won gold medals in the 200 m and 400 m T44 events , while fellow athlete Anna Grimaldi won the gold medal in the long jump T47 .
Medallists
Unless otherwise stated , all dates and times are in Brasília time ( UTC−3 ) , fifteen hours behind New Zealand Standard Time ( UTC+12 ) .
| width= '' 78 % '' align= '' left '' valign= '' top '' |
|style= '' text-align : left ; width:22 % ; vertical-align : top ; '' |
Delegation
Paralympics New Zealand confirmed a team of 29 athletes , 17 male and 14 female , and two cycling pilots ( both female ) to compete in six sports . Ten competitors had attended previous Paralympic games , with the remaining 21 made their Paralympics debut . Returning gold medallists included swimmers Mary Fisher , Cameron Leslie and Sophie Pascoe , sports shooter Michael Johnson , and tandem cycling pilot Laura Thompson . Javelin thrower Holly Robinson , ranked number one in the world entering the games , was selected as the country 's flagbearer for the opening ceremony .
The median age of the New Zealand delegation was 25 years . Fifteen-year-old swimmer Tupou Neiufi was New Zealand 's youngest competitor , while 58-year-old sailor Chris Sharp was the oldest competitor .
Support staff and officials
Retired wheelchair racer Ben Lucas was appointed New Zealand 's chef de mission for the 2016 Paralympic Games . Lucas had previously represented New Zealand as an athlete at the 1994 Commonwealth Games , and the 1996 and 2000 Summer Paralympics .
The New Zealand delegation also included Doping Control Officer Daniel Mulholland from Upper Hutt . They were the only representative from Drug Free Sport NZ in Rio .
Funding
High Performance Sport New Zealand ( HPSNZ ) invested $ 12.7 million in Paralympic sports and athletes over the 2013–16 funding cycle , of which $ 7.5 million was core funding to national sports organisations and Paralympics New Zealand ( PNZ ) while the remaining $ 5.2 million was mainly in the form of grants and tertiary scholarships to individual athletes . These totals include funding for non-Paralympic events such as world championships as well as the 2014 Winter Paralympics .
Media coverage
Attitude Pictures and Television New Zealand hold the New Zealand coverage rights for the 2016 Paralympics . Live and delayed coverage screened on TVNZ 's Duke channel , with a daily highlight show on TV One and on-demand highlights through TVNZ on Demand and Attitude Live .
Athletics
New Zealand achieved two silver medals at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships , earning the nation two qualification slots at the Rio Paralympics .
Paralympics New Zealand confirmed a team of six track and field athletes on 23 May 2016 , with an additional two athletes named on 7 July 2016 .
Track
Field
Canoeing
New Zealand was awarded a slot in the para-canoe competitionas a result of the IPC reallocating slots from the banned Russian delegation .
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014 , New Zealand qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio , assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements . Paralympics New Zealand confirmed seven cyclists , including two sighted pilots , on 9 May 2016 . The team includes sighted pilot Laura Thompson , who won three medals with Phillipa Gray in 2012 , and 2008 athletics silver medallist turned cyclist Kate Horan . An eighth cyclist , Fraser Sharp , was added to the team on 30 August 2016 as a result of the IPC reallocating slots from the banned Russian delegation .
Men
Road
Track
Women
Road
Track
Sailing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top seven finish at the 2015 Combined World Championships in a medal event where the country had nor already qualified through via the 2014 IFDS Sailing World Championships . New Zealand qualified for the 2016 Games under this criterion in the Sonar event with an eighth-place finish overall and the third country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships . They qualified a second boat in the SKUD 18 event with a twelfth-place finish overall and the fourth country who had not qualified via the 2014 Championships . The boat was crewed by Tim Dempsey and Gemma Fletcher .
Paralympics New Zealand announce the first three sailors to compete in the Sonar keelboat on 3 March 2016 .
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl . Shooters earned spots for their NPC . New Zealand earned a qualifying spot at this competition in the R5 – 10m Air Rifle Prone Mixed SH2 event as a result of the performance of Michael Johnson .
The third opportunity for direct qualification for shooters to the Rio Paralympics took place at the 2015 IPC IPC Shooting World Cup in Sydney , Australia . At this competition , Jason Eales earned a qualifying spot for their country in the R5- Mixed 10m Air Rifle Prone SH2 event .
The last direct qualifying event for Rio in shooting took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning in November . Greg Reid earned a qualifying spot for their country at this competition in the R3 Mixed 10m Air Rifle Prone SH1 event .
Paralympics New Zealand confirmed Michael Johnson , Jason Eales and Greg Reid to compete at the Games on 14 June 2016 .
Swimming
Swimming got a bump in funding through their NPC and the national swimming federation to help with New Zealand swimming readiness in Rio .
The top two swimmers in each event at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships in Glasgow earned a qualification slot for their NPC at the 2016 Summer Paralympics . Five swimmers earned fourteen gold and silver medals for New Zealand , earning the nation five qualification slots .
Paralympics New Zealand confirmed a team of seven swimmers on 5 May 2016 . The team includes three 2012 gold medalists : Mary Fisher , Cameron Leslie and Sophie Pascoe . On 13 May 2016 , an eighth swimmer , Hamish McLean , was added to the team . Tupou Neiufi was added to the team on 9 August 2016 after Bryall McPherson withdrew from participation due to illness and injury .
Men
Women
See also
New Zealand at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in New Zealand sport
The Galápagos mockingbird ( Mimus parvulus ) is a species of bird in the family Mimidae . It is endemic to the Galápagos Islands , Ecuador .
Systematics
The Galápagos mockingbird is one of four mockingbird species endemic to the Galápagos Islands . These four are all closely related , and DNA evidence shows they likely all descended from an ancestor species which reached the islands in a single colonization event . When John Gould first described the species in 1837 , based on specimens brought back from the islands by Charles Darwin , they named it Orpheus parvulus . However , because of the rules of binomial nomenclature , Orpheus was declared a junior synonym , and in 1841 , George Robert Gray moved all of the Orpheus mockingbirds to the older genus Mimus . In 1890 , Robert Ridgway created the genus Nesomimus for the mockingbirds found on the Galápagos Islands , and most taxonomists adopted the change . Recent DNA studies , however , show that the Nesomimus mockingbirds fall within the traditional genus Mimus , making the latter paraphyletic , so some taxonomists have moved them back into Mimus .
There are six subspecies , each endemic to a particular island or islands :
M. p. barringtoni is found on Santa Fé .
M. p. bauri is found on Genovesa .
M. p. hulli is found on Darwin .
M. p. parvulus is found on Santa Cruz , North Seymour , Daphne Major , Isabela and Fernandina .
M. p. personatus is found on Pinta , Marchena , Rábida and Santiago .
M. p. wenmani is found on Wolf .
The genus name Mimus is a Latin word meaning `` mimic '' , while the species name parvulus is a Latin word meaning `` very small '' .
Description
Like all of the mockingbirds found in the Galápagos , this species is long-tailed and relatively long-legged , with a long , slim , decurved beak .
Range and habitat
The Galápagos mockingbird is the most widespread of the mockingbird species found in the Galápagos ; it is found on most of the major ( and many of the minor ) islands of the archipelago .
Behavior
Food and feeding
Like the other mockingbirds found on the islands , the Galápagos mockingbird is an omnivore ; it eats everything from seeds and invertebrates to eggs , baby turtles and Galápagos sea lion placentas . Research suggests that the species may be an effective distributor of invasive plant species across the islands ; it eats more fruit than did several tested species of Darwin 's finches , but seeds that pass through its digestive tract generally remain viable .
Conservation and threats
Studies show that avian poxvirus is a significant cause of nesting failure for Galápagos mockingbirds on Santa Cruz . Young birds appear to be more vulnerable than adults to the disease , and suffer high mortality when infected . Larvae of the fly species Philornis downsi , which was accidentally introduced to the Galápagos , are known to attack Galápagos mockingbird nestlings ; infestations often result in the death of young birds . The Galápagos mockingbird is also host for a number of species of biting lice , including Docophorus galapagensis , Lipeurus languidus , Menopon insertum , Nirmus galapagensis and Nirmus vulgatus galapagensis . Mockingbirds from the island of Genovesa are known to harbor the coccidian parasite Polysporella genovesae in their intestines .
Although it has a relatively small range and its population has never been quantified , the Galápagos mockingbird is described as `` common '' and its population appears to be stable , so the International Union for Conservation of Nature assesses it as a species of The Least Concern . Its entire range falls within the Galápagos National Park , and is thus protected . However , like all native wildlife on the archipelago , it faces a number of potential threats , including habitat changes as the result of overgrazing , predation by various introduced species and fires .
References
External links
Tenenbaum , David . `` Flinch , finch . '' Treasures of Evolution Island . 11 Jan 2001 .
Galapagos mockingbird
Endemic birds of the Galápagos Islands
Galapagos mockingbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Wybrand Willem `` Braam '' Els ( born 11 November 1971 ) is a South African former rugby union player .
Playing career
Els represented the for three consecutive years , from 1988 to 1990 , at the Craven Week tournament for schoolboys . They made their provincial debut for in 1992 and played 155 matches for the union .
Els played in one test match for the Springboks , as a replacement against during the 1997 Tri Nations Series at Loftus Versfeld in Pretoria . They also played in two tour matches for the Springboks .
Test history
See also
List of South Africa national rugby union players – Springbok no . 656
References
1971 births
Living people
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
Free State Cheetahs players
Falcons ( rugby union ) players
Rugby union locks
Rugby union players from Gauteng
Mittelstetten is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Fürstenfeldbruck ( district )
The Pasărea is a left tributary of the river Danube in Romania . It discharges into the Danube in Zimnicea . Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Teleorman County
Rivers of Romania
Lionel Abrahams ( 11 April 1928 – 31 May 2004 ) was a South African novelist , poet , editor , critic , essayist and publisher . They were born in Johannesburg , where they lived their entire life . They were born with cerebral palsy and had to use a wheelchair until 11 years of age .
Best known for their poetry , they were mentored by Herman Charles Bosman , and later edited seven volumes of Bosman 's posthumously published works . Abrahams went on to become one of the most influential figures in South African literature in their own right , publishing numerous poems , essays , and two novels . Through Renoster Books , which they started in 1956 , they published works by Oswald Mtshali and Mongane Wally Serote heralding the emergence of black poetry during the apartheid era .
An account of their important role in introducing black writers to PEN is given by their close friend , the writer Jillian Becker
In 1986 , they married Jane Fox . That year , they were awarded honorary doctorates of literature by the University of the Witwatersrand and the University of Natal .
Novels
The Celibacy of Felix Greenspan : A novel in 18 stories , published by Bateleur Press , 1977
The White Life of Felix Greenspan , published by M & G Books , 2002
Poetry
Journal of a New Man , published by Ad Donker , 1984
The Writer in Sand , published by Ad Donker , 1988
A Dead Tree Full of Live Birds , published by Snail Press , 1988
Chaos Theory of the Heart , published by Jacana Media , 2005
To Halley 's Comet , publishers unknown .
Works about Lionel Abrahams
Lionel Abrahams : A Reader , ed . Patrick Cullinan , published by Ad Donker , 1988
A Writer in Stone : South African Writers Celebrate the 70th Birthday of Lionel Abrahams , ed . G. Friedman and Roy Blumenthal , published by David Philip , 1998
References
1928 births
2004 deaths
Jewish writers
South African male poets
South African Jews
20th-century South African poets
21st-century South African poets
20th-century South African male writers
21st-century South African male writers
The Saranac Lake Surge is an independent American professional baseball team based in Saranac Lake , New York . The Surge play in the Empire Professional Baseball League , which is not affiliated with Major League Baseball .
History
In 2015 , the Surge was set to be a member of the East Coast Baseball League . The team was to be managed by Scott `` Skip '' Nathanson . Prior to the planned start of the ECBL 's first season the American teams , including the Surge , pulled out of the league to form the North Country Baseball League . For its first four years of existence , the team was based in Old Orchard Beach , Maine .
2015 season
The Surge posted a record of 18–21 in the startup league . The Surge promoted ten players to the Atlantic League , the American Association , and the Frontier League .
2016 season
The Surge were announced to play in the newly formed Empire Baseball League . On December 22 , Skip Nathanson and Alex Markakis agreed to terms to return for the 2016 season .
2019 season
The Surge relocated to Saranac Lake , New York , for the 2019 season . On July 4 , 2019 , they played their first game in Saranac Lake versus the Road City Explorers .
Players
References
Professional baseball teams in Maine
Old Orchard Beach , Maine
2015 establishments in Maine
Baseball teams established in 2015
Professional baseball teams in New York ( state )
Saranac Lake , New York
The NorZone Premier League is one of three top tier state-level soccer competition in the Northern Territory of Australia . It comprises teams within the NorZone region , centred in Darwin and the surrounding rural areas . The league is conducted by the state administrative body , Football Northern Territory .
Clubs
The following clubs are participating in the 2020 NorZone Premier League .
Casuarina FC
Darwin Hearts FC
Hellenic Athletic
Mindil Aces FC
Port Darwin FC
University Azzurri FC
References
External links
Football Federation Northern Territory Official website
Sport leagues established in 2006
2006 establishments in Australia
SICO Technology is an Egyptian company which manufactures mobile phones , tablets , and a range of 3G/4G mobile phones and smartphones which include the Nile X smartphone manufactured in Egypt . It was founded in 2003 with its headquarters in downtown Cairo , Egypt . The name of the company resembles its nature of business : a silicon industries company for manufacturing telecommunication technologies and products .
In December 2017 , the company announced during the CairoICT annual conference the production of locally manufactured 4G Android smartphones in its Egypt plant located in the industrial zone of the city of Assiut .
Company history
SICO has its roots in an old privately held soft drink company founded in 1948 and famous for its soft drinks . In the 1960s , however , it went public and as SICO Egypt and became the local bottler for Coca-Cola , which it remains today .
In 2003 , engineer Mohamed Salem , son of the old company 's founder , reestablished it with a focus on electronics . It initially provided electronic security and automation services to private and public sector companies and banks in Egypt .
In 2013 , the company began entering the electronic device market by manufacturing devices in factories in China under the SICO brand and training Egyptian engineers there and in Germany , until it began partnering with the Silicon Oasis Company , a public firm affiliated with Egypt 's Ministry of Communications and Information Technology . The factory was set up in the new Asyut Technology Park and currently produces 45 % of the components for mobile phones released under the brand with the help of 500 engineers , of whom nearly 200 are residents of Asyut Governorate .
References
External links
Official website
Manufacturing_companies_based in Cairo
Telecommunication companies of Egypt
Companies established in 2003
Egyptian_brands
Mobile_phone_manufacturers
Houston Housing Authority ( HHA ) , formerly Housing Authority of the City of Houston ( HACH ) , is the public housing authority in Houston , Texas .
The Mayor of Houston appoints the board of directors of the HHA , but it itself is not a department of the city government . Most of its funding originates from the Federal Government of the United States . In 2002 Mike Snyder of the Houston Chronicle wrote that the HHA had `` considerable autonomy '' and often operated at a `` distance '' from the city authorities , making it `` far more independent '' from municipal authority than the actual City of Houston Department of Housing and Community Development .
History
One year after the passage of the Housing Act of 1937 from the federal government , Houston City Council established the HHA , and in the following year its first public housing properties opened .
At one time William McClellan served as the executive director of HACH . Beginning in 1977 its finances were no longer balanced . In 1982 Mayor Kathy Whitmire appointed an African-American named Earl Phillips as the executive director . Later Joy Fitzgerald served as executive director .
There was considerable controversy involving the 1996 redevelopment of Allen Parkway Village in the Fourth Ward into Historic Oaks of Allen Parkway Village , which halved the capacity of the complex .
In April 2017 budget cuts in the federal government occurred , leading the HHA to terminate some of the housing choice vouchers it had already given away and stop issuing new ones ; this freeze was to be in effect until around the end of the year .
Properties
Family housing
All properties are in the City of Houston . With two exceptions ( as of 2019 ) , each property is within the Houston Independent School District ( HISD ) .
Clayton Homes - Second Ward
Cuney Homes - Third Ward
Ewing Apartments
Zoned schools : Poe Elementary School , Cullen Middle School , and Lamar High School .
Forest Green Townhomes
Zoned schools : Thurgood Marshall Elementary School , Forest Brook Middle School , and North Forest High School .
Fulton Village - Northside
Zoned schools : Clemente Martinez Elementary School , Marshall Middle School , and Northside High School ( formerly Jefferson Davis High School ) .
Heatherbrook Apartments - Northside
Zoned schools : Garcia Elementary School , Henry Middle School , and Sam Houston Math , Science , and Technology Center ( High School ) .
Historic Oaks of Allen Parkway Village - Fourth Ward
Historical Rental Initiative - Fourth Ward
This is the management of thirty single-family houses in the Fourth Ward designated for HHA tenants . Residents of the Fourth Ward are zoned to Gregory-Lincoln Education Center for K-8 and Heights High School ( formerly John H. Reagan High School ) .
Irvington Village - Northside
Lenwood Johnson , an activist who spearheaded a campaign against the destruction of Allen Parkway Village , lived in Irvington Village after APV 's redevelopment . By 2001 the HHA was trying to evict him , stating they owed $ 4,000 for the operation of utilities . In 2001 , after the HHA agreed to provide a moving service , Johnson agreed to vacate .
Zoned schools : C. Martinez Elementary School , Marshall Middle School , and Northside High School .
Kelly Village - Fifth Ward
Kennedy Place - Fifth Ward
Kennedy Place first opened as a 60 unit development in 1982 . The HHA used $ 7.8 million , including some federal stimulus funds , to redevelop the housing . The demolition of the old Kennedy Place began on December 28 , 2009 . In January 2011 the new Kennedy Place opened , with 108 units ( 20 one bedroom , 58 two bedroom , 23 three bedroom , and 4 four bedroom ) .
Zoned schools : Bruce Elementary School , McReynolds Middle School , and Wheatley High School .
Lincoln Park
Zoned schools : Wesley Elementary School , Williams Middle School , and Booker T. Washington High School .
Long Drive Townhomes
Zoned schools : Juan Seguin Elementary School , Hartman Middle School , and Sterling High School
Mansions at Turkey Creek
The complex is within the Aldine Independent School District , and has the following zoned schools : Magrill Early Childhood/Pre-Kindergarten/Kindergarten School , Ogden Elementary School , Teague Middle School , Nimitz Ninth Grade School , and Nimitz High School .
Oxford Place
Zoned schools : Burbank Elementary School , Burbank Middle School , and Houston MSTC .
Peninsula Park/The Peninsula
Zoned schools : Billy Reagan K-8 School , and Madison High School .
Sweetwater Point
Zoned schools are : Mitchell Elementary School , Thomas Middle School , and Sterling High School .
Uvalde Ranch Apartments
Zoned schools are : Oates Elementary School , Holland Middle School , and Furr High School .
Victory Place - Fourth Ward
Zoned schools are : Gregory-Lincoln for K-8 and Heights High .
Willow Park Apartments
It is within the Fort Bend Independent School District ( FBISD ) , and is zoned to E. A. Jones Elementary School , Missouri City Middle School , and Thurgood Marshall High School .
Senior housing
Senior housing :
2100 Memorial Drive Apartments
This is a high-rise facility . it had 185 residents . In 2017 Hurricane Harvey caused flooding but not any power outages . The HHA began removing residents , but Harris County Civil District Judge Daryl L. Moore gave an injunction . In 2019 the HHA announced plans to rebuild the complex , but stated that for now residents need to move to other accommodations .
Bellerive
Lyerly
The Pinnacle at Wilcrest
Telephone Rd .
Villas on Winkler
Headquarters
It is headquartered in western Houston .
At one time the agency had its headquarters at Allen Parkway Village , and therefore did not have to pay rent to house its administrative facilities . As conditions at APV deteriorated , the agency moved its headquarters to River Oaks .
See also
Harris County Housing Authority
References
Further reading
- Text version
External links
Houston Housing Authority
2011 Memorial
Public housing in Houston
1938 establishments in Texas
Joseph James Thorley ( 7 August 1894 – 26 December 1962 ) was an English cricketer . Thorley was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium . They were born in Fernham , Berkshire .
Thorley made their debut for Hertfordshire in the 1923 Minor Counties Championship against Bedfordshire . Thorley played Minor counties cricket for Hertfordshire from 1923 to 1924 , including 14 Minor Counties Championship matches . In 1925 , they made their first-class for Gentlemen in the Gentlemen v Players at Cheriton Road . They played one further first-class match the following year for L. H. Tennyson 's XI against F. S. G. Calthorpe 's XI at the same venue .
Thorley died in Marylebone , London on 26 December 1962 aged 68 .
References
External links
Joseph Thorley at ESPNcricinfo
Joseph Thorley at CricketArchive
1894 births
1962 deaths
English cricketers
Gentlemen cricketers
Hertfordshire cricketers
L. H. Tennyson 's XI cricket team
Pandemis refracta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Madagascar .
Subspecies
Pandemis refracta refracta
Pandemis refracta borealis ( Diakonoff , 1960 )
Pandemis refracta dormitans ( Diakonoff , 1960 )
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Nuria Velasco ( born ) is a Spanish group rhythmic gymnast . They represent their nation at international competitions .
Velasco participated at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens . They also competed at world championships , including at the 2005 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Baku , Azerbaijan .
References
External links
Nuria Velasco at Sports Reference
http : //rsg.net/forum/viewtopic.php ? p=150080 & sid=83ce5d85890b5da83364f8f8eaeb84d4
http : //ww.todor66.com/olim//gymnastics/women_rhytmic_group.html
1985 births
Living people
Spanish rhythmic gymnasts
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Gymnasts at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Spain
Estill County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2010 census , the population was 14,672 . Its county seat is Irvine The county was formed in 1808 and named for Captain James Estill , a Kentucky militia officer who was killed in the Battle of Little Mountain during the American Revolutionary War . Estill County is a moist county meaning that the county seat , the city of Irvine , allows the sale of alcohol after the October 9 , 2013 vote , but not the rest of Estill County outside the Irvine city limits . Estill County has two adjacent towns , known as the twin cities , Irvine and Ravenna . Both cities sit along the Kentucky River in the central part of the county . Ravenna is home to a former CSX Transportation facility , now owned by Kentucky Steam Heritage Corporation for the restoration of Chesapeake and Ohio 2716 . It conducts the Ravenna Railroad Festival annually in late summer , and the historic Fitchburg & Cottage Furnaces are located here . Irvine hosts the annual Mountain Mushroom Festival over the last weekend of April , which celebrates the abundant Morel Mushrooms found in the region .
History
Estill County was formed in 1808 from land given by Clark and Madison counties , it was Kentucky 's 50th county . Originally settled by European settlers entering Kentucky via old buffalo and Indian trails and traveling through Boonesborough in what is today Madison County .
Estill County was one of the first areas in the United States to experience early industrialization , with iron mining and smelting beginning in 1810 . The iron industry would go on to thrive in Estill County for decades , with the ruins of the Estill furnace , the Cottage furnace , and the Fitchburg Furnace still being visible today . The Fitchburg furnace was a particularly impressive engineering feat . Standing 81 feet tall , the furnace is the largest charcoal furnace in the world , and one of the largest 25 dry-stone masonry structures in the world . The iron industry declined after the Civil War when iron deposits and timber to fire the furnaces were depleted , and innovation made charcoal furnaces obsolete . During the Civil War Estill County was strongly pro-union , similar to surrounding counties , especially to the southeast .
Additionally , the county was historically known for the Estill Springs summer resort , situated near mineral springs in Irvine . This resort was a popular vacation site for many prominent Kentuckians in the 19th century , with men including Henry Clay , John Crittenden , and John C. Breckinridge vacationing there . The current courthouse , built in 1941 , replaced a structure dating from the 1860s .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.0 % ) is water . Estill County is located at the contact of two Kentucky regions : the Bluegrass and the Cumberland plateau , because of this the county is known as the location where the `` Bluegrass kisses the Mountains . ''
Estill County contains two important rivers . With the Red River , famous for its gorge in neighboring Powell County , forming the northern border . And the Kentucky River bisecting the county . Much of Estill County 's development , including the towns of Irvine and Ravenna , is located in the fertile bottomlands of the Kentucky River . Additionally , due to the Kentucky River 's deep valley and Estill County 's location at the edge of the Cumberland plateau the county 's topography is striking . The Pottsville Escarpment is prominent in the county , marking the divide between the Bluegrass and the mountains . Because of this topography total relief is nearly 1000 feet in the county , with the highest point being Zion Mountain , located about miles southwest of Irvine at 1,511 feet , and the lowest point being the confluence of the Kentucky River and the Red River at 566 feet . Other high points include Happy Top Mountain , 1,500 feet ; Preacher Estes Mountain , 1,475 feet ; Peter Mountain , 1,454 feet ; Low Knob , 1,450 feet ; and Big Round Mountain , Buzzard Roost , and McKinney Mountain , each at 1,420 feet .
Adjacent counties
Clark County ( north )
Powell County ( northeast )
Lee County ( southeast )
Jackson County ( south )
Madison County ( west )
Protected areas
Daniel Boone National Forest ( part )
Lilly Mountain Nature Preserve
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 15,307 people , 6,108 households , and 4,434 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 6,824 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 99.07 % White , 0.11 % Black or African American , 0.24 % Native American , 0.03 % Asian , 0.06 % from other races , and 0.49 % from two or more races . 0.53 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 6,108 households , out of which 32.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 55.40 % were married couples living together , 12.90 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 27.40 % were non-families . 24.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.70 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.94 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 24.20 % under the age of 18 , 9.10 % from 18 to 24 , 29.20 % from 25 to 44 , 24.20 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.50 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 37 years . For every 100 females there were 93.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 23,318 , and the median income for a family was $ 27,284 . Males had a median income of $ 29,254 versus $ 18,849 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 12,285 . About 22.50 % of families and 26.40 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 32.30 % of those under age 18 and 21.50 % of those age 65 or over .
Politics
Although it lies in the Bluegrass and Knobs regions , Estill County was more akin to the eastern Pennyroyal Plateau to its southwest in being strongly pro-Union during the Civil War . Indeed , a larger proportion of Estill County 's population volunteered for the Union Army than the population of any free state , or of any Kentucky county except the famous Republican bastion of Owsley County . Consequently , Estill County has been strongly Republican ever since the end of Reconstruction – since 1888 the county has voted Democratic only for Woodrow Wilson in 1912 , Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and Lyndon Johnson in 1964 , with the biggest of these three victories in 1932 being FDR 's by a mere one hundred and eighty-seven votes out of over six thousand one hundred .
Communities
City
Irvine ( county seat )
Ravenna
Other Communities
Barnes Mountain
Cobhill
Cressy
Crystal
Drip Rock
Fox
Furnace
Hargett
Leighton
Palmer
Patsey
Pryse
Red Lick
South Irvine
Spout Springs
Tipton Ridge
Wisemantown
Winston
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Estill County , Kentucky
References
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Estill County development authority 's website
Estill County Water District 1
Estill County History & Ancestry
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1808 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1808
The 2022–23 season is the 103rd season in the history of U.S. Sassuolo Calcio and their 10th consecutive season in the top flight . The club is participating in Serie A and the Coppa Italia .
Players
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Loans out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 24 June 2022 .
Coppa Italia
References
U.S. Sassuolo Calcio seasons
Sassuolo
Karakaş is a Turkish word meaning `` black eyebrow '' ) It may refer to :
Surname
Karakaş
Ayşe Işıl Karakaş ( born 1958 ) , Turkish professor of law and international judge
Cahit Karakaş ( born 1928 ) , Turkish engineer and a former politician
Cem Karakaş ( born 1974 ) , Turkish business executive
İlker Karakaş ( born 1999 ) , Turkis footballer
Kıvanç Karakaş ( born 1985 ) , Turkish footballer
Karakas
Éva Karakas ( 1922–1995 ) , Hungarian female chess grandmaster
Hedvig Karakas ( born 1990 ) , Hungarian female judoka
Mike Karakas ( 1911–1992 ) , American ice hockey goaltender in the NHL
Karakasheva
Mariya Karakasheva ( born 1988 ) , Bulgarian female volleyball player
Karakashian
Narine Karakashian ( born 1971 ) , Armenian female chess player
Verkine Karakashian ( 1856–1933 ) , Ottoman-Armenian stage actor
Yeranuhi Karakashian ( 1848-19244 ) , Ottoman-Armenian stage actor
Karakashyan
Nonna Karakashyan ( born 1940 ) , Armenian female chess player
Places
Karakashly , a village in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Karakaş , Arıcak
Karakaş , Baskil
Karakaş , Yığılca
Turkish-language surnames
Brachyloma preissii ( common name globe heath ) is a plant in the heath family , Ericaceae , endemic to Western Australia .
It was first described by Otto Wilhelm Sonder in 1845 . The specific epithet , preissii , honours the botanist Ludwig Preiss .
References
External links
Brachyloma preissii : Occurrence data from the Australasian Virtual Herbarium
Plants described in 1845
Flora of Western Australia
Taxa named by Otto Wilhelm Sonder
Typhoon ( ) is a 2005 South Korean action film directed by Kwak Kyung-taek and starring Jang Dong-gun , Lee Jung-jae Lee Mi-yeon .
Typhoon was the highest budget South Korean film at the time , with a budget of over 15 million dollars , or about 17 billion won . The film was shot in three countries : South Korea , Thailand , Russia .
Plot
An American freighter ship carrying sensitive cargo en route to Taiwan is hijacked by North Korean pirates led by Sin ( Jang Dong-gun ) , a terrorist set on destroying the Korean Peninsula . The sensitive cargo is weapons technology for a military satellite , secretly made by the U.S. in reaction to strengthening Chinese/Russian relations . Having stolen the technology , Sin attempts to attain highly radioactive waste from Russia through the black market . Their plan is to detonate a fleet of helium balloons loaded with radioactive waste over the Korean Peninsula .
To investigate the hijacking , the South Korean government sends Sejong ( Lee Jung-jae ) , a South Korean Naval Intelligence Service officer , to meet a black market contact in Thailand who knows about the hijacking . Sejong 's meeting with the contact goes sour but they learn about Sin and tracks their location in the Russian district of Busan , South Korea . In Busan , Sin meets with Russian mob members who take them to a political seminar , where they stab Park Wan-sik , the South Korean counsel general in New York , in the men 's bathroom . In a flashback that Park was partly responsible for the death and murder of Sin 's family .
Sin 's family were North Korean refugees who requested embassy in South Korea . At the time , the South Korean government was trying to strengthen relations with China and they were forced to reject the family 's request . Park Wansik was sent by the South Korean government in order to make arrangements for the family 's disposal . The family ended up being killed by North Korean authorities . The only survivors were Sin and their older sister ( Lee Mi-yeon ) , who managed to escape but where stranded in the wilderness between the borders of North Korea and China . After enduring hardship , starvation , and rape , they managed to cross over to a train station in China where the two were tragically separated . Sin goes down their own path and lives the life of a criminal and a modern-day pirate in South East Asia , where their bitterness and hatred grows , and they plot revenge against their betrayers . Their anger expands and they decide to destroy the entire Korean Peninsula .
Sin is embittered towards the North Korean government for the murder of their family and at the South Korean government for abandoning them . They decide to hatch a plan to unleash uranium onto the clouds of a typhoon so that radioactive rain will shower onto the Korean Peninsula , effectively destroying it . They set out with their group of South East Asian pirates , but they encounter Sejong . In an attempt to lure Sin into their hands , Sejong sets up an appointment for Sin to reunite with their sister . Sin , who had assumed their sister to be dead , believes it to be a farce to lure them out , but they go anyway . Sin takes the bait and enters the meeting , but Sejong soon discovers that Sin and their sister are more prepared than they had thought . Sin has a sniper set up , who effectively takes out part of Sejong 's elite team , though Sin 's sister is caught in the crossfire and suffers a bullet wound .
After escaping , Sin sets out to execute their plans of mass destruction . They embark on a freight carrier that they name `` Typhoon '' that is filled with balloons carrying canisters filled with uranium . Meanwhile , in a last-ditch effort to save the Korean Peninsula , Sejong gathers a South Korean UDT/SEAL team , and helicopters out to sea . They make a point of picking single men , stating that death is likely . They fly through the impending typhoon to the freight carrier , encountering Sin and their pirates . There is a bloody skirmish and both sides suffer casualties .
Sin is in the lower cabins through most of the fighting , spending time with their sister during their last breaths . The bullet wound is too much and they are about to die . They agree to meet again in the afterlife . Dazed , Sin heads out after they die and they begin to release their uranium balloons . Having to manually open the hatch to release them , they are able to crank it open a few feet , allowing a few balloons to escape . Before they can activate the balloons with their remote control , Sejong makes their appearance . They are the last man standing , except for Sin , and all the rest of the Special Forces soldiers and Pirates are dead . Sin and Sejong struggle in a fight to the death , which culminates in Sin 's death .
In their last sentiments , Sejong sends a letter to their mother . They believe that in the end , Sin never intended to destroy Korea and that they were just a desperate man who was a product of a tragedy . They are regretful of Sin 's death , and says they would n't have minded befriending Sin in another life . Sin then carries their sister onto a boat to cross the river of the dead , and they cross over into the afterlife together .
Cast
Jang Dong-gun as Sin , a North Korean pirate and terrorist and Choi Myeong-ju 's younger brother . They are the leader of a group of pirates and terrorists , whose main mission is to destroy the Korean Peninsula for revenge against the North Korean government because of the death of their family .
Lee Jung-jae as Sejong , a South Korean intelligence officer and the main foe of Sin , whose main mission is to stop Sin and their group of North Korean pirates from committing a terrorist attack against North Korea and South Korea .
Lee Mi-yeon as Choi Myeong-ju , Sin 's older sister and one of the two only survivors ( along their younger brother Sin ) of the massacre by the North Korean government against their family .
David Lee McInnis as Somchai
Kim Kap-soo as NIS director
Chattapong Pantana-Angkul as Toto
References
External links
2005 films
2000s Korean-language films
South Korean action thriller films
Films directed by Kwak Kyung-taek
Films set in Busan
CJ Entertainment films
2000s South Korean films
The Loa River ( Spanish : Río Loa ) is a U-shaped river in Chile 's northern Antofagasta Region . At long , it is the country 's longest river and the main watercourse in the Atacama Desert .
Course
The Loa 's sources are located on Andean mountain slopes at the foot of Miño Volcano . The upper Loa basin is flanked on the west by a ridge with elevations that reach above , whereas to the east lies a volcanic chain , which separates it from endorheic basins as that of Salar de Ascotán .
The river flows south on an elevated plateau , for about , to the oasis of Chiu Chiu ( CHEE-oo CHEE-oo ) . The upper courses of the river are at a considerable elevation above sea level and receive a large volume of water from the Andes , mainly of two major tributaries : San Pedro de Inacaliri River and Salado River . The former joins the Loa near Conchi reservoir and the latter about south of Chiu Chiu . The water of its upper course and tributaries is fresh . However the lower course , as in all the rivers of this region becomes brackish .
From Chiu Chiu , the Loa flows west and north in a great curve to Quillagua ( kee-YAH-gwah ) . After flowing for in this portion of its course and having run through the city of Calama , the Loa receives the waters of San Salvador River at the locality of Chacance . Thence the river flows north for about to Quillagua .
From Quillagua , its dry channel turns westward again and marks the border between the regions of Tarapacá and Antofagasta . Along its lower course , the Loa flows through a canyon , which crosses the Chilean Coastal Range . The river reaches the Pacific Ocean in lat . 21° 26 ' S. , a few miles south of the old port of Huanillos ( Wan-EE-yōs ) .
The hydrologic regime of the river basin is rain-dominated . The increase of its water volume occurs mainly in January and February , as a consequence of the phenomenon known locally as Bolivian Winter .
History
Its banks have been inhabited from early times . Evidence of this is the notable number of geoglyphs , petroglyphs and pictographs that are found along its course and in its upper basin .
Another indication of its rich past is the Pukará de Lasana .
Bridges
To the south of Conchi reservoir , the river is spanned by the Conchi Viaduct , an old railroad bridge . It is no longer used by the Ferrocarril de Antofagasta a Bolivia , however it still holds the notability of being , at , one of the highest bridges in Chile .
Needs
This river supplies many towns with water used to raise shrimp . Lately , mining companies have been polluting this river , making the water unusable .
References
This article draws partially on the corresponding article in the Spanish-language Wikipedia , accessed July 10 , 2007 .
External links
EVALUACION DE LOS RECURSOS HIDRICOS SUPERFICIALES EN LA CUENCA DEL RIO LOA
Rivers of Antofagasta Region
Rivers of Tarapacá Region
Rivers of Chile
The buff-fronted foliage-gleaner ( Dendroma rufa ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae , the ovenbirds . It is found in southeastern regions of South America in the cerrado and pantanal of Brazil and Paraguay as well as areas of southeast coastal Brazil ; also extreme northeast Argentina . In western Andean and northwest South America , it is found in Venezuela , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru and Bolivia ; and in the northwest , it is also found in Panama and Costa Rica .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
Further reading
External links
Videos , photos and sounds - Internet Bird Collection
Photo gallery - VIREO
Species factsheet - BirdLife International
}
buff-fronted foliage-gleaner
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Northern Andes
buff-fronted foliage-gleaner
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The 1962 Jackson State Tigers football team was an American football team that represented Jackson State College for Negroes in the Southwestern Athletic Conference ( SWAC ) during the 1962 NCAA College Division football season . In their 11th season under head coach John Merritt , the Eagles compiled a 10–1 record ( 6–1 against conference opponents ) , defeated Florida A & M in the Orange Blossom Classic , and outscored all opponents by a total of 411 to 101 .
The Tigers were recognized by the Pittsburgh Courier as the 1962 black college national champion . Another source selected Florida A & M as the national champion despite Jackson State 's 22–6 victory over Florida A & M in the Orange Blossom Classic .
Key players for Jackson State included quarterback Roy Curry and end Willie Richardson . Richardson was later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame .
At the start of the fall 1962 semester , James Meredith drew national attention when they transferred from Jackson State to the previously all-white University of Mississippi .
Schedule
References
Jackson State
Jackson State Tigers football seasons
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Black college football national champions
Jackson State Tigers football
The 2019-20 UMass Lowell River Hawks Men 's ice hockey season was the 53rd season of play for the program , the 37th season competing at the Division I level , and the 36th season in the Hockey East conference . The River Hawks represented the University of Massachusetts Lowell and were coached by Norm Bazin , in their 9th season .
The Hockey East tournament as well as the NCAA Tournament were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic before any games were played .
Roster
As of August 1 , 2019 .
| }
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' ; '' | Regular Season
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' ; '' |
|- align= '' center '' bgcolor= '' # e0e0e0 ''
|colspan=12|Tournament Cancelled
Scoring Statistics
Goaltending statistics
Rankings
Players drafted into the NHL
2020 NHL Entry Draft
† incoming first-year student
References
2019–20
UMass Lowell River Hawks
UMass Lowell River Hawks
2019 in sports in Massachusetts
2020 in sports in Massachusetts
Savings Bank `` Belarusbank '' is the largest bank in Belarus that occupies leading positions in the Belarusian banking system by volume of equity , assets , loans , deposits .
History
From 1922 to 1987 the country applied the system of state labor savings banks of USSR . In 1987 Belarusian Republican Bank of the Savings Bank of USSR was established , and in 1991 , it was transformed into Belarusian Savings Bank . In 1995 , Joint-Stock Savings Bank Belarusbank was established by Edict of the President of the Republic of Belarus following a nationalizing forced merger between state-owned Belarusian Savings Bank and commercial Bank Belarusbank , with the state holding 99 % of the bank 's shares .
In 1996 Belarusbank acquired sectoral banks Belsviazbank and Belzheldorbank , furthering nationalization of the banking sector in Belarus . The Client-Bank system was introduced . In the same year the bank became a principal member of Europay International . A year later representative offices in Warsaw , Poland and Moscow , Russia were established .
In 2000 the Bank became a principal member of VISA International .
In 2003 Belarusbank established a representative office in Frankfurt am Main , Germany . In 2005 MinskComplexBank merged into Belarusbank .
In June 2007 Belarusbank became the first Belarusian bank to open a representative office in Beijing . A year later foreign exchange transactions in the currency of the People 's Bank of China were introduced .
September 2010 saw the signing of the first three-party Framework Agreement with a French and a Belgian bank in the history of the banking system . Cooperation with banks from more than 30 countries was established , Germany , Switzerland , China , Poland and Turkey being among the leaders . In December the largest syndicated loan in the history of the Belarusian banking system for USD 145 million was attracted .
In May 2012 Belarusbank became an official member of World Savings Banks Institute ( WSBI ) , one of the largest banking associations that promotes interests of savings banks and retail banking institutions in the world . In the same year Belarusbank became partner bank of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Interbank Consortium .
On August 16 , 2013 an agreement on founding of BELCARD , CJSC , was signed . Banks Processing Center , JSC , Belarusbank , Belagroprombank , JSC and Belinvestbank , JSC acted as its founders .
In 2015 Belarusbank attracted a record size syndicated loan in the history of the Belarusian banking business in the amount of EUR 203 million .
In 2016 the KGB announced that Belarusbank Senior Deputy Head Henadz Haspadaryk was detained for bribery , and a criminal case opened against him .
In 2016 Belarusbank closed its representative office in Poland , and in 2018 it closed the one in Moscow .
In March 2022 , the international hacker group ‘ Anonymous ' hacked into the Belarusbank website .
Owners and management
Controlling block of the bank 's shares is owned by the Republic of Belarus . Majority stake of Belarusbank belongs to the State Property Committee of the Republic of Belarus : 98.76 % are owned directly , and 1.19 % are owned indirectly ( by regional authorities ) . Individuals own 0.0152 % of shares .
Supervisory Board
The Supervisory Board headed by Alexander Turchin ( as of October 2018 ) performs the coordinating function in the bank .
Chairmen of the Board
Vladimir Khilko ( 1993 – 1995 )
Tamara Vinnikova ( 1995 – 1996 )
Nadezhda Yermakova ( 1996 – 2011 )
Sergey Pisaryk ( 2011 – 2016 )
Viktar Ananich ( since 2017 )
Operations
Belarusbank is a full-service bank that works with both individuals and entities and also provides investment and banking services . As of August 2018 , the bank served more than 80 thousand entities and individual entrepreneurs . Major customers include Belarusian Oil Company , CJSC , Gazprom Transgaz Belarus , JSC , Eurotorg , LLC .
Belarusbank holds the first place among top 10 largest Belarusian banks by the size of branch network . As of 2022 the bank 's branch network included :
6 regional branches ; 21 branches ; 119 banking services centers
990 banking outlets ; 90 exchange offices ; 4 mobile cash offices
125 operational services
The bank is represented abroad by its representative offices in Beijing and Frankfurt am Main .
Banking holding includes :
ASB Leasing , LLC ( 99.99 % )
Unitary Enterprise “ ASB Recreation Center Sputnik ” ( 100 % )
Unitary Enterprise “ ASB Recreation Center Solnechny ” ( 100 % )
ASB Consult , LLC ( 60 % )
Unitary Enterprise “ ASB Broker “ ( founded by ASB Leasing , LLC ) .
Performance indicators
As of 2018 Belarusbank held the first place in the Belarusian banking system by volume of assets ( BYN 27.03 billion ) . The Bank 's income in 2017 amounted to BYN 172 mln .
Funding base of the Bank in 2017 decreased by 1.5 % and as of 01.01.2018 comprised BYN 28,658 mln . Loan portfolio of the Bank as of the reporting date amounted to BYN 17,862 mln and comprised 62.3 % in the Bank 's asset structure .
Belarusbank 's share in the total volume of assets of Belarusian banking sector as of January 1 , 2016 accounted for 41.2 % , in the retail deposit market it reached 45 % , loan portfolio amounted to 72 % of all outstanding loans to the population .
The volume of credit resources attracted by Belarusbank from foreign banks and financial companies amounts to USD 1.8 billion in equivalent . The volume of corporate customer deposits amounts to BYN 79 trillion ( EUR 3.89 billion in equivalent ) . The volume of funds attracted from individuals reached BYN 95 trillion ( EUR 4.68 billion in equivalent ) .
Belarusbank occupies the 420th place in the world .
In 2020 Belarusbank was ranked 52nd in Central and Eastern Europe in terms of assets ( $ 12.6 billion ) in the fifth annual ranking of the largest 100 banks in the CEE by the rating agency RIA Rating to Russian news agency RIA Novosti .
Ratings by rating agencies
Fitch Ratings ( 23 August 2021 ) :
Fitch withdrew its ratings after sanctions were imposed on the bank sector of Belarus .
Moody 's ( 15 March 2022 )
Ca
outlook : Negative
Standard & Poor 's ( April 2022 ) :
CCC
watch : Negative
Samsung Pay and BELARUSBANK Pay
On July 5 , 2018 Belarusbank together with Samsung Electronics and Mastercard International payment system introduced an opportunity to pay for purchases using the Samsung Pay service for its customers . The service was available to holders of personal Mastercard debit cards of Belarusbank . It was provided free of charge , Internet access was not required to perform a payment , payments with the use of the Samsung Pay service were quicker than compared to ordinary cards .
On March 1 , 2018 Belarusbank introduced a mobile payment service Belarusbank Pay for its customers , which allowed holders of Mastercard or Maestro payment cards to perform contactless payments using their mobile phones . The project was carried out in cooperation with the Mastercard payment system . The BELARUSBANK Pay service developed on the basis of the HCE ( Host Card Emulation ) technology allowed issuing a virtual analogue of a payment card free of charge with the use of a mobile phone ( supported by the NFC ( Near Field Сommunication ) technology and Android operating system , version 4.4 or above ) and a mobile application to make payments with one touch of a mobile phone to a contactless mobile terminal at merchants .
On August 30 , 2021 , Belarusbank announced on its website that from September 1 it would stop supporting the payment service Belarusbank Pay .
Mortgage office
In February 2018 Belarusbank became the first bank in the country to open a mortgage office . It offers customers a set of services referring to receiving real property loans , both for construction and purchase of new residential property , and to buy residential property at the secondary market . The office issues residential loans and provides services required for transaction settlement : selection of accommodations , performance of purchase or execution of a co-investment agreement with a property developer , selection of a mortgage loan and real estate title registration .
Awards
Belarusbank won the following awards for high quality of international wire transfers performance :
2012 – Standard Chartered Bank certificate ( for high quality execution of payment orders for international wire transfers in the SWIFT format ) ; Deutsche Bank AG ( Germany ) certificate Deutsche Bank 's Straight-Through Processing ( STP ) Excellence Award ( for wire transfers in US dollars ) ;
2013 – Standard Chartered Bank ( New York , USA ) award USD Clearing Certificate of Achievement ( for wire transfers ) , and Commerzbank AG ( Germany ) award STP Award 2013 ( for high quality of payment arrangement via Nostro accounts ) .
2012-2013 – VISA International awarded Belarusbank for good service in the Fewest Fraudulent Transactions nomination .
See also
Sberkassa
Banking in Belarus
References
Banks of the Soviet Union
Banks of Belarus
Companies of Belarus
Banks established in 1922
, also known by their gamer tag ( stylized Zackray until mid-2019 ) , is a Japanese professional Super Smash Bros. player . As of the end of 2019 , they were ranked the seventh best Super Smash Bros . Ultimate player in the world and the highest ranked player from Japan . In October 2019 they won The Big House 9 , becoming the first Japanese player to win a premier-tier tournament held outside of Japan .
Career
Early career
Zackray began competing in Super Smash Bros. for Wii U at the beginning of 2017 , several years after the game 's release . They also competed in a Super Smash Bros. Melee tournament in July 2018 .
Although they were not a well-known player in Smash Bros. for Wii U , in the Panda Global Rankings 100 – a ranking of the 100 best Super Smash Bros. for Wii U players of all time – Zackray was ranked 88th .
Super Smash Bros . Ultimate
Zackray found immediate success with Super Smash Bros . Ultimate , which launched in December 2018 . At the beginning of December , they announced on Twitter that they had signed with esports organization GameWith . They won seven minor tournaments in Japan in the months after the game 's release . In February 2019 they traveled to Oakland , California for one of the first major Ultimate tournaments , GENESIS 6 . Zackray was a minor at the time and it was the first time they had traveled to the United States for a tournament . After a series of strong performances throughout most of the event , they met their first defeat in the winners ' semi-finals , and went on to tie for 5th place .
Their performance at GENESIS qualified them for an invitation to Smash Ultimate Summit , a 16-player invitational tournament held in March , where they once again fell in the winners ' semi-finals and tied for 5th . In April , Zackray came in second at 2GG : Prime Saga in an all-Japanese final against Shuto `` Shuton '' Moriya . Months later it became public that Elliot `` Ally '' Carroza-Oyarce , another elite Ultimate player , had intentionally lost their match against Zackray at the event at the behest of a third player . In addition to these results , over the first half of 2019 Zackray also tied for 33rd at Frostbite 2019 and tied for 7th at the Umebura Japan Major . In the inaugural Panda Global Rankings Ultimate , Zackray was ranked 12th in the world .
In August , Zackray tied for 7th at EVO 2019 . They were eliminated by Leonardo `` MkLeo '' López Pérez , who praised Zackray after the event , saying they considered them `` a top-five player '' and that defeating them gave MkLeo confidence that they could win the tournament . A week later , they tied for 9th at Super Smash Con 2019 . In October , Zackray won The Big House 9 , considered a `` premier '' or `` supermajor '' tournament , which Dot Esports called `` arguably the deepest event for Smash Ultimate so far with nearly every top player in attendance '' . In the double-elimination tournament , Zackray fell to Enrique `` Maister '' Hernández Solís in the winner 's semi-finals , then defeated Gavin `` Tweek '' Dempsey , Nairoby `` Nairo '' Quezada , and Maister in a rematch to make it into the final , where they defeated Samuel `` Dabuz '' Buzby to win the tournament . Their victory at The Big House 9 made Zackray the first Japanese player to win a premier-tier Ultimate tournament held outside of Japan , and it was also Zackray 's first tournament win of any tier outside of Japan .
Their victory at the event qualified them for an invitation to Smash Ultimate Summit 2 , held at the end of the month . They tied for 7th at that event . Owing to these and other results , Zackray moved up to 7th in the Panda Global Rankings Ultimate when the rankings for the latter half of 2019 were released . Additionally , a separate ranking of Japanese players named them the best Japanese Ultimate player for the second half of 2019 .
In January 2020 , Zackray tied for 5th at EVO Japan 2020 . They tied for 7th at Frostbite 2020 the following month after being eliminated in a close match with eventual tournament winner MkLeo . Following this , the COVID-19 pandemic led to the closure of most offline Smash tournaments . In October , Zackray defeated Yuta “ Abadango ” Kawamura to win the Eastern Powerhouse Invitational , the first significant offline Smash tournament since CEO Dreamland in March . In November , they then beat Kengo “ KEN ” Suzuki to win Mēsuma . In December , they placed 3rd at Kagaribi after losing to KEN and Seisuke “ Kome ” Komeda .
In June 2021 , Zackray competed at Kagaribi 4 , the first supermajor since Frostbite 2020 . After losing to Naoto `` ProtoBanham '' Tsuji in Winner 's Quarters , Zackray eliminated `` Lea '' , `` Kome '' , `` HERO '' , and Takuma `` Tea '' Hirooka to rematch ProtoBanham in Grand Finals . Although Zackray won the first set , they ultimately finished at 2nd after ProtoBanham defeated them in the bracket reset . In October , Zackray won Kagaribi 5 without losing a set , using only the newly released Sora throughout the tournament . In January 2022 , they also won Kagaribi 6 , primarily using Joker and Sheik .
In March 2022 , Zackray announced via YouTube that they would be taking a break from Ultimate for a few months to focus on competing in Pokémon Unite . However , in May , they participated in the Japanese tournament WINNER ! # 10 and placed 3rd , losing to Kohei `` Suinoko '' Kuwamoto and Takuto `` kameme '' Ono , using primarily Sheik . In June , they announced that they would make a full return to Smash Bros. , after they and their team were disqualified from the Pokémon Unite Championship Series due to one of their teammates , `` U '' , oversleeping and failing to appear for a match .
Character pool
In the Super Smash Bros. franchise , players control one of a large cast of characters drawn from other games . Zackray is known for the number of characters they are able to play at a high level , which Panda Global Rankings ' Colton Costopoulos called `` one of the deepest character pools in the entire competitive scene '' . At GENESIS 6 , they used Wolf O'Donnell . Two months later , they used Wolf , Lucina , and Wario in their second-place finish at 2GG : Prime Saga . They also used R.O.B . and Pokémon Trainer in tournaments in the first half of 2019 . By the time they won The Big House 9 , they had picked up Joker . They also briefly used Sonic and Corrin at the event , though did not win games with either . At Smash Ultimate Summit 2 they played seven different characters , including Mr. Game & Watch and Ridley . By the end of 2019 , they had also added Mario to their repertoire . Near the end of 2021 , they picked up Sora , whom they later solely used to win the supermajor Kagaribi 5 . At Kagaribi 6 , they used Sheik alongside Joker for most sets , and used only Sheik at WINNER ! # 10 .
References
External links
Super Smash Bros . Ultimate players
Living people
Japanese esports players
Super Smash Bros. for Wii U players
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Shivnagar Vidya Prasarak Mandal ( SVPM ) [ svpm.org.in ] is an educational campus located in Malegaon ( Bk . ) , Baramati in Pune district Maharashtra.This is prominent college of Baramati .
Shivnagar Vidya Prasarak Mandal , Shivnagar was constituted in 1972 to bring the stream of education from pre - primary to diploma and degree level in the rural areas . It is sponsored by the Malegaon Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana Ltd. Shivanagar , Tal . Baramati Dist . Pune . The educational institutions are run under the visionary and dynamic leadership of Hon'ble Shri . Sharadchandraji Pawar , Minister for Agricultural & Food Govt . of India who is the president . Respected Shri Chandrarao Taware is the Vice President . The SVPM trust conducts professional higher education in Engineering , Pharmacy & Management .
Educational Institutions
Institute of Pharmacy
College of Pharmacy
Institute of Engineering and Technology
College of Engineering
Institute of Management
Courses Offered
Diploma Courses
Civil Diploma
Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Computer Engineering
Automobile Engineering
Degree Courses
Civil Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering
Computer Engineering
Information Technology Engineering
Electrical Engineering
PG in Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering
Universities and colleges in Maharashtra
Education in Pune district
Educational institutions established in 1972
1972 establishments in Maharashtra
Baramati
Plaza Rakyat LRT station is an elevated rapid transit station in central Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . The station is on the common route of the and . ( both lines originally known as STAR-LRT ) The station was opened on 16 December 1996 , as part of the first phase of the STAR-LRT system 's opening , along with 13 adjoining stations along the to route .
History
The station is named after and located at the rear of Plaza Rakyat , a large mixed-use development project that was stalled during the economic crisis in 1997 . Due to its proximity with Plaza Rakyat as it was opened , the concourse level of the Plaza Rakyat station was originally intended to directly link the south side of the complex .
With Plaza Rakyat incomplete , a 150-metre-long covered pedestrian bridge and walkway was provided to connect the station to the south of the nearby Pudu Sentral bus station . Due to the suspension of the construction project , the pedestrian bridge continues to serve passengers entering and leaving the station until now .
The station is located near the site of the old Sultan Street railway station .
Connection to MRT Kajang Line
The Plaza Rakyat LRT station is an interchange station with Merdeka MRT station since 17 July 2017 . It was initially meant to be only a connecting station without paid zone-to-paid zone integration , but a later update included paid zone-to-paid zone integration , where commuters do not need to tap out and purchase new tickets to transit to the other line . A covered and air-conditioned 180 metres pedestrian walkway was built , connecting the paid-area concourses of the two stations .
Station layout
The station was constructed in a significantly different style from a standard and station . Whereas a typical and station consists of a dedicated structure of a similar style of white facades and roofs supported by latticework , the station is embedded into the Plaza Rakyat project , with thick , untreated concrete pillars and ceilings , and exposed pipes . Curved sheets were added and pillars were painted to soften the rough appearance of the station 's interior .
The platforms of the station are linked via escalators and stairways to a single concourse area just below the rapid transit line , where tickets are purchased . There is lift facilities in this station .
Around the station
Stadium Negara
Victoria Institution ( also served by Hang Tuah LRT/Monorail )
Maybank Tower
Petaling Street
Pudu Sentral
Confucian Private Secondary School
Methodist Boys ' School
See also
List of rail transit stations in Klang Valley
Ampang Line
Railway stations opened in 1996
1996 establishments in Malaysia
Charles de Gaulle ( 1890–1970 ) was a French military leader and statesman .
Charles de Gaulle may also refer to :
People
Charles de Gaulle ( poet ) ( 1837–1880 ) , poet and pioneer of pan-Celticism , uncle of the statesman
Charles de Gaulle ( born 1948 ) , former member of the European Parliament , grandson of the statesman
Other
Charles de Gaulle Airport , the main airport serving Paris
, an aircraft carrier in the French Navy
Place Charles de Gaulle , a large urban junction in Paris , including the Arc de Triomphe
Charles de Gaulle – Étoile ( Paris Métro and RER ) , a rail station under the place Charles de Gaulle
Charles de Gaulle Square , a square in Bucharest , Romania
Lycée Français Charles de Gaulle , a large French school in London
See also
List of things named after Charles de Gaulle
De Gaulle , Charles
Johannes Demantke ( born 17 May 1949 ) is an Austrian footballer . They played in four matches for the Austria national football team from 1970 to 1976 .
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Association footballers not categorized by position
District 35 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon . As of 2013 , the boundary for the district includes portions of Multnomah and Washington counties . The current representative for the district is Democrat Margaret Doherty of Tigard .
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time , therefore , representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today . General election results from 2000 to present are as follows :
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State : Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Multnomah County , Oregon
Washington County , Oregon
The mangrove golden whistler ( Pachycephala melanura ) or black-tailed whistler , is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae . It is found in mangrove forests and adjacent wet forests of Papua New Guinea and Australia .
Subspecies
Five subspecies are recognized :
Pachycephala melanura dahli - Reichenow , 1897 : Found in the Bismarck Archipelago and south-eastern New Guinea
Robust whistler ( P. m. spinicaudus ) - Mathews , 1912 : Originally described as a separate species in the genus Pteruthius . Found in southern New Guinea and islands in the Torres Strait
P. m. violetae - ( Pucheran , 1853 ) : Found in northern Australia
P. m. melanura - Gould , 1843 : Found in north-western Australia
P. m. robusta - Masters , 1876 : This subspecies is also called `` robust whistler '' . Found in northern Australia
References
mangrove golden whistler
Birds of the Bismarck Archipelago
Birds of the Northern Territory
Birds of Papua New Guinea
Birds of Queensland
Birds of Western Australia
mangrove golden whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jeremy duQuesnay Adams ( October 1 , 1933 May 2 , 2016 ) was a medieval historian , polymath , and translator . Their interests included Joan of Arc and the Matter of Britain , as well as human groupings and exclusion .
They were the inspiration for the character Jeremy Hilary Boob in the film Yellow Submarine .
References
External links
Obituary at Southern Methodist University
Obituary in the Dallas Observer
1933 births
2016 deaths
Harvard College alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Southern Methodist University faculty
Michael Sandor Sommer ( October 9 , 1934 – April 23 , 2022 ) was an American football player from Washington , D.C .
Sommer attended Woodrow Wilson High School in Washington , DC where they were an ALL High running back , leading the Tigers to the Interhigh championship in 1952 scoring 5 TDs against archrival Western . A week later , WW defeated Catholic league champion St Johns for the City title in Griffith Stadium , 24-6 . Sommer ran for a 44 yard TD and threw 23 yards for another score . Sommer was also the Interhigh 's Sprint champion in track that year .
Sommer played three seasons as a back at George Washington . The team had a combined record of 15-12-1 during Mike 's career and defeated UTEP in the 1957 Sun Bowl , 13-0 . In 1955 and 1957 , Sommer was named in All-Southern Conference first-team and was drafted as the 16th player in the 1958 NFL Draft by the hometown Washington Redskins .
Sommer was an American football halfback in the National Football League , playing 3 years for the Washington Redskins and 3 years for the Baltimore Colts . They also played 1 year in the American Football League for the Oakland Raiders .
Sommer practiced emergency medicine in Lewes , DE with Beebe Medical Ctr . They received their medical degree from George Washington Univ . Sch . of Med . & Hlth . Sci. , Washington DC .
See also
List of NCAA major college yearly punt and kickoff return leaders
References
1934 births
2022 deaths
American football halfbacks
Baltimore Colts players
Oakland Raiders players
People from Washington , D.C .
George Washington Colonials football players
Washington Redskins players
George Washington University alumni
George Washington University Medical School alumni
Physicians from Washington , D.C .
20th-century American physicians
American Football League players
The Tennessee Volunteers women 's cross-country program represents the University of Tennessee ( UT ) located in Knoxville , Tennessee . The women 's program competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I and the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) . The women 's cross-country team officially started in 1974 .
Along with all other UT women 's sports teams , it used the nickname `` Lady Volunteers '' ( or the short form `` Lady Vols '' ) until the 2015–16 school year , when the school dropped the `` Lady '' prefix from the nicknames of all women 's teams except in basketball . The “ Lady Vol ” name returned in 2017 .
Team history
The Tennessee Lady Volunteers women 's cross-country program began competing in 1974 and within three years reached their first AIAW Championship Tournament appearance . The Lady Vols won their first SEC title in 1983 and finished fourth in the NCAA Tournament . Their first head coach was Terry Crawford ( 1974-1983 ) , who proved to be one of the best in program history . Crawford led the Lady Vols to 3 AIAW Championship appearances , two NCAA Championship appearances , two regional titles , an SEC Championship , and most notably a program high 4th place finish at the 1983 NCAA Championships . Since 2010 , the program has struggled to maintian its prior success . Overall , they have failed to record a top 3 SEC finish since 2009 , and have failed to qualify for the NCAA Championships in every season since 2006 .
J.J. Clark Era
The most successful coach historically for the Lady Volunteers was J. J. Clark who won three straight conference titles from 2003 to 2005 . They came to UT after 10 seasons as the head coach of the Florida Gators women 's cross-country team from 1992-2002 . Under their guidance the Tennessee 's Lady Vols won four straight NCAA regionals , and made a program-record five consecutive NCAA Championship appearances . Additionally , Clark is the winningest coach in program history , and won 3 SEC Women 's Coach of the Year awards at UT ( 2003 , 2004 , 2005 ) . Under Clark 14 female cross-country athletes won 31 All-South Region awards and 23 All-SEC honors . Besides their 5 team appearances in the NCAA Championships , Clark saw individuals Jackie Areson ( 2008 , 2009 , 2010 ) , Sarah Bowman ( 2008 ) , Brittany Sheffery ( 2011 ) , and Katie Van Horn ( 2009 , 2010 ) . Their earlier successes wained as they failed to guide the Lady Vols back to the NCAA Championships in each of their final 7 seasons , and failed to record a Top 5 SEC finish in their final 4 XC seasons .
Beth Alford-Sullivan Era
Under Beth Alford-Sullivan ( 2014-2021 ) , the Lady Vols rarely found team success . However , Alford-Sullivan guided two time All-American Chelsea Blaase to an individual 2015 SEC runner-up finish , a NCAA South Regional win , and individual NCAA Championship appearances in 2014 ( 10th ) and 2015 ( 14th ) . Alford-Sullivan was fired in May 2021 due to poor results across men 's and women 's XC and track . In 8 seasons under Alford-Sullivan , the Lady Vols finished in the top half of the SEC only three times . Additionally , they never once finished in the top 3 of the SEC or qualified for the NCAA Championships .
Sean Carlson Era
The Lady Vols are led by first year head coach Sean Carlson who spent 10 years prior to Tennessee as the head coach of the Notre Dame men 's cross-country and distance teams , in addition to serving as an assistant coach on the women 's team . While at Notre Dame , the women 's program finished in the top 30 of the NCAA Championships 8 times , and in the top 15 six times . On the men 's side , Carlson developed Notre Dame into a national power , winning 3 ACC championships , and finishing in the top 10 of the NCAA Championships during each of their final three seasons . In their final season at Notre Dame , Carlson served as the head coach of the men 's track team as well . Former Notre Dame assistant and nationally-recognized recruiter , Nic Jacobsen followed Carlson to Knoxville , and serves as an assistant coach for both distance programs .
Home courses
The Lambert Acres Golf Club was previously the site of home cross-country meets for the Volunteers from 1998-2013 . The course still serves as a 27-hole golf course , and is nestled in the foothills of the Great Smoky Mountains and boasts 9,525 yards . Throughout its run , the course hosted the Tennessee Invitational 10 times , the NCAA South Regional in 2002 , 2006 and
2008 , and Southeastern Conference Championship in 1998 . In 2014 , the Vols moved much closer to home with the opening of the new Cherokee Farm Cross Country Course on Alcoa highway across the Tennessee River from the main UT campus . The course served as the practice venue for the team in 2014 and 2015 , before finally serving in competition for the 2016 season . The course has two loops , one that is 2k and the other is 1k . The course was designed specifically for viewers to use the small loop , where it is ensured that runners have to pass the same point at least three times in a race .
Yearly record
* Through July 2022
Information Source : 2022 Tennessee Cross Country Record Book – Women 's Year-by-Year records
Note : The Lady Vols did not compete in the 2020 SEC Championships due to high COVID-19 cases on the team . In 2020 , the season was shortened , and NCAA regionals were not held , as teams advanced straight to the championships .
All-Americans
The Lady Volunteers have a total of 11 women 's cross-country AIAW/NCAA All-Americans
Valerie Bertrand – 1989
Chelsea Blaase - 2014 , 2015
Sarah Bowman – 2008
Kathy Bryant-Hadler – 1980 , 1981 , 1982
Sharon Dickie – 2000
Jasmin Jones – 1989
Liz Natale – 1983
Linda Portasik – 1980
Alison Quelch – 1983
Brenda Webb – 1977 , 1978
Patty Wiegand – 1989
See also
Tennessee women 's track and field
Tennessee men 's track and field
Tennessee men 's cross-country
References
External links
Women
The northern shoveler ( ; Spatula clypeata ) , known simply in Britain as the shoveler , is a common and widespread duck . It breeds in northern areas of Europe and across the Palearctic and across most of North America , wintering in southern Europe , the Indian subcontinent , Southeast Asia , Central , the Caribbean , and northern South America . It is a rare vagrant to Australia . In North America , it breeds along the southern edge of Hudson Bay and west of this body of water , and as far south as the Great Lakes west to Colorado , Nevada , and Oregon .
The northern shoveler is one of the species to which the Agreement on the Conservation of African-Eurasian Migratory Waterbirds ( AEWA ) applies . The conservation status of this bird is The Least Concern .
Taxonomy
The northern shoveler was first formally described by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1758 in the tenth edition of their Systema Naturae . They introduced the binomial name Anas clypeata . A molecular phylogentic study comparing mitochondrial DNA sequences published in 2009 found that the genus Anas , as then defined , was non-monophyletic . The genus was subsequently split into four monophyletic genera with ten species including the northern shoveler moved into the resurrected genus Spatula . This genus had been originally proposed by the German zoologist Friedrich Boie in 1822 . The name Spatula is the Latin for a `` spoon '' or `` spatula '' . The specific epithet is derived from Latin clypeata , `` shield-bearing '' ( from clypeus , `` shield '' ) .
No living subspecies are accepted today . Fossil bones of a very similar duck have been found in Early Pleistocene deposits at Dursunlu , Turkey . It is unresolved , however , how these birds were related to the northern shoveler of today ; i.e. , whether the differences noted were due to being a related species or paleosubspecies , or attributable to individual variation .
Description
This species is unmistakable in the northern hemisphere due to its large spatulate bill . The breeding drake has an iridescent dark green head , white breast and chestnut belly and flanks . In flight , pale blue forewing feathers are revealed , separated from the green speculum by a white border . In early fall the male will have a white crescent on each side of the face . In non-breeding ( eclipse ) plumage , the drake resembles the female .
The female is a drab mottled brown like other dabblers , with plumage much like a female mallard , but easily distinguished by the long broad bill , which is gray tinged with orange on cutting edge and lower mandible . The female 's forewing is gray .
They are long and have a wingspan of with a weight of .
Behavior
Northern shovelers feed by dabbling for plant food , often by swinging its bill from side to side and using the bill to strain food from the water . They use their highly specialized bill ( from which their name is derived ) to forage for aquatic invertebrates . Their wide-flat bill is equipped with well-developed lamellae – small , comb-like structures on the edge of the bill that act like sieves , allowing the birds to skim crustaceans and plankton from the water 's surface . This adaptation , more specialized in shovelers , gives them an advantage over other puddle ducks , with which they do not have to compete for food resources during most of the year . Thus , mud-bottomed marshes rich in invertebrate life are their habitat of choice .
The shoveler prefers to nest in grassy areas away from open water . Their nest is a shallow depression on the ground , lined with plant material and down . Hens typically lay about nine eggs . The drakes are very territorial during breeding season and will defend their territory and partners from competing males . Drakes also engage in elaborate courtship behaviors , both on the water and in the air ; it is not uncommon for a dozen or more males to pursue a single hen . Despite their stout appearance , shovelers are nimble fliers .
This is a fairly quiet species . The male has a clunking call , whereas the female has a Mallard-like quack .
Habitat and range
This is a bird of open wetlands , such as wet grassland or marshes with some emergent vegetation . It breeds in wide areas across Eurasia , western North America and the Great Lakes region of the United States .
This bird winters in southern Europe , the Indian Subcontinent , the Caribbean , northern South America , Malay Archipelago , Japan and other areas . Those wintering in the Indian Subcontinent make the taxing journey over the Himalayas , often taking a break in wetlands just south of the Himalaya before continuing further south to warmer regions . In North America it winters south of a line from Washington to Idaho and from New Mexico east to Kentucky , also along the Eastern Seaboard as far north as Massachusetts . In the British Isles , home to more than 20 % of the North Western European population , it is best known as a winter visitor , although it is more frequently seen in southern and eastern England , especially around the Ouse Washes , the Humber and the North Kent Marshes , and in much smaller numbers in Scotland and western parts of England . In winter , breeding birds move south , and are replaced by an influx of continental birds from further north . It breeds across most of Ireland , but the population there is very difficult to assess . Surveys in 2017 and 2018 suggest that it is more common and widespread in Ireland
than previously thought .
It is strongly migratory and winters further south than its breeding range . It has occasionally been reported as a vagrant as far south as Australia , New Zealand and South Africa . It is not as gregarious as some dabbling ducks outside the breeding season and tends to form only small flocks . Among North America 's duck species , northern shovelers trail only mallards and blue-winged teal in overall abundance . Their populations have been healthy since the 1960s , and have soared in recent years to more than 5 million birds ( 2015 ) , most likely because of favorable breeding , migration , and wintering habitat conditions .
References
External links
Shoveler at RSPB Birds by Name
Northern Shoveler Species Account – Cornell Lab of Ornithology
Northern Shoveler - Anas clypeata - USGS Patuxent Bird Identification InfoCenter
Northern Shoveler Species Account at Massachusetts Breeding Bird Atlas
Northern Shoveler on the Birds of India
northern shoveler
northern shoveler
Holarctic birds
Birds of Hispaniola
Birds of the Dominican Republic
Birds of Haiti
Birds described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Extant Pleistocene first appearances
The Gasmobile , originally called the American , was an automobile first produced in 1899 . The name was changed to Gasmobile in 1900 by president John H. Flager . It appeared at the New York Auto Show in 1900 . By 1901 , 140 cars were made . One of its distinctive features was an automatic starting device . After producing a six-cylinder car , the company folded in 1902 .
Models
References
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United States
Dmitry Aleksandrovich Podstrelov ( ; ; born 6 September 1998 ) is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for Shakhtyor Soligorsk .
International goal
Scores and results list Belarus ' goal tally first .
Honors
Shakhtyor Soligorsk
Belarusian Premier League champion : 2020 , 2021
Belarusian Super Cup winner : 2021
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Mogilev
Sportspeople from Mogilev Region
Belarusian footballers
Association football forwards
Belarus international footballers
FC Dnepr Mogilev players
FC Dnyapro Mogilev players
FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk players
Smith is a hamlet in northern Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No . 124 . It is located on Highway 2A , approximately northwest of Edmonton , at the confluence of the Lesser Slave River and the Athabasca River .
History
The settlement of Smith began in 1914 after the Edmonton , Dunvegan and British Columbia Railway had reached the present location of the hamlet . The arrival of railway resulted in subdivision of the townsite .
As a result of the establishment of Smith , the previously established Village of Port Cornwall located to the northwest , across the Athabasca River on the north shore of Lesser Slave River , began to deteriorate . Subsequently , Port Cornwall dissolved from village status on September 11 , 1917 .
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Smith had a population of 227 living in 90 of its 101 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2016 population of 148 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021 .
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada , Smith had a population of 148 living in 55 of its 76 total private dwellings , a change of from its 2011 population of 218 . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016 .
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
External links
Community website
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Municipal District of Lesser Slave River No . 124
Brandis Castle or Maienfeld Castle is a castle in the municipality of Maienfeld of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The Maienfeld area was an important Roman era customs station on the road between Turicum ( Zurich ) and Brigantium ( Bregenz ) . After the Fall of the Western Roman Empire the area probably remained a local population center and retained some of the Roman buildings and fortifications . During the High Middle Ages the Carolingian royal estate of curtis Lupinis was built in the area and the town of Maienfeld grew up around the castle . In the 10th century the Lords of Bregenz probably built a small fortified tower near or on the site of the current castle .
The castle was built in the 13th century for the Freiherr von Aspermont and was originally known as Maienfeld Castle . In 1282 Heinrich von Aspermont specified in their will that upon their death their brother , Egilolf , was to inherit the castle and the Herrschaft of Maienfeld . With their death only two years later , Egilolf inherited the castle in 1284 . In 1295 they hosted a peace conference between the Bishop of Chur and the Freiherr von Vaz at the castle . In 1338 the Freiherr von Aspermont sold most of their estates in Graubünden , but retained Maienfeld . However , in 1342 it was owned by the Lord von Windegg . In 1355 they sold the castle to the Counts of Toggenburg for 5600 gulden . Oddly , four years later they paid the same price to buy Maienfeld from the Counts of Werdenburg-Sargans .
After 1359 the Toggenburg Counts began expanding the fortified tower into a larger residence castle . They regularly resided and held court in the castle . The last of the line , Frederick VII added a residential wing , the so-called Neue Schloss ( New Castle ) , across the courtyard from the old castle . After their death in 1436 , their widow , Elisabeth von Matsch , lived at Maienfeld for several months until it was inherited by the von Brandis and von Aarburg families . In the same year , Maienfeld joined the League of the Ten Jurisdictions which was founded to resist the influence of the Austrian Habsburgs . During the Old Zürich War over the Toggenburg inheritance , Wolfhart V von Brandis initially fought on the Schwyz-Glarus side , but switched to the Zürich-Habsburg side from 1444 to 1446 . After the war , they were able to buy the Aarburg portion of the inheritance and bring the castle firmly under the Brandis family . Over the following decade they sold all of their estates in the Canton of Bern . In 1475 they signed treaties with the League of God 's House and the Bishop of Chur and in 1477 with the League of Ten Jurisdictions . Due to the Brandis family , the castle became known as Brandis Castle .
During the 1499 Swabian War the Count von Brandis found themselves on the Habsburg side . On 7 February 1499 , they opened the gates of Maienfeld to an approaching Habsburg army . However , six days later a Graubünden army attacked and captured the town and castle . They plundered the town and brought Sigmund and Türing Brandis as prisoners to Chur . They were brought to their brother Johannes von Brandis , the provost of Chur Cathedral , who was forced to sell Maienfeld to pay for their freedom . After several years of unsuccessful negotiations , in 1509 Maienfeld and Brandis Castle were sold to the Three Leagues for 20,000 gulden .
Under the Three Leagues the castle became the home of the landvogt appointed by the Leagues over Maienfeld . In 1622 a fire devastated much of Maienfeld but left Brandis unharmed . However , two years later it was burned by Austrian troops . It was repaired and continued to house the landvogt until about 1700 . In 1799 it was occupied by French troops following their invasion of Switzerland . During their occupation , they stripped and burned most of the wood in the castle and left it as a ruin . In 1807 the municipality of Maienfeld acquired the rights to the ruined castle and sold it to a private owner in 1837 . Around 1860 the so-called Frauenturm , a late-medieval round bastion in the south corner of the castle , was demolished . The main tower was repaired and expanded in 1868 . A new roof was added the castle in 1906 . It was purchased in 1969 by the Zindel family and renovated . In 1972/73 the history of the castle was explored through an archeological exploration .
Today the castle is home to a restaurant and several rooms which are available for events or meetings .
Castle site
The castle is located on the south side of the old town of Maienfeld . On the north side of the complex is the main tower , a six story , square tower with walls that are thick . The original high entrance was located on south-west side on the third story . The fifth story is decorated with paintings from about 1320 . The works at Brandis are the only known works by an artist known as the Waltensburg master which are in a secular building . The paintings include scenes from the life of Samson and Theoderic the Great , depictions of inns or taverns and coats of arms .
Surrounding the tower on the east and west are a residential wing and the remains of the old part of the castle . North of the tower is a semi-circular part of the old ring wall . South of the tower is a courtyard and the new castle which was built in the 15th century under the Toggenburg counts .
Gallery
See also
List of castles and fortresses in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Maienfeld
Cassowary is an incremental constraint solving toolkit that efficiently solves systems of linear equalities and inequalities . Constraints may be either requirements or preferences . Client code specifies the constraints to be maintained , and the solver updates the constrained variables to have values that satisfy the constraints .
Cassowary was developed by Greg J. Badros , Alan Borning and Peter J. Stuckey , and was optimized for user interface applications . Badros used Cassowary amongst others for implementing Constraint Cascading Style Sheets ( CCSS ) , an extension to Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) . CCSS adds support for layout constraints . These allow designers to describe the layout of a web page in a more flexible manner . Cassowary is used to solve these constraints and calculate the final layout .
The original distribution , unmaintained since 2000 , included Smalltalk , C++ and Java implementations , along with bindings for GNU Guile , Python , and STk . Third-party implementations exist for JavaScript , Dart , Squeak , Python , the .NET Framework , and Rust .
Applications
As of September 2014 , GSS , a layout language and layout engine for the web , is being developed by The Grid . It is a modern extension of CCSS .
Layx , a layout language for the web designed with ease of use in mind .
Scwm , the Scheme Constraints Window Manager .
As of 2011 , Cassowary is being used as the algorithm in the layout engine for Mac OS X ( Lion and greater ) and iOS ( 6 and greater ) .
Enaml 's layout engine is built on top of the Cassowary linear constraint optimizer .
References
C++ libraries
Java ( programming language ) libraries
Cascading Style Sheets
Constraint programming
Perchas 2 is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 988 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Perchas 1 and Perchas 2 barrios was 1,429 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Perchas 2 barrio :
, and .
Gallery
Scenes in Perchas 2 :
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico
The word `` Blastus '' may refer to :
Blastus , the chamberlain of Herod Agrippa in the Bible
Blastus , a Roman presbyter in the late second century
Blastus , a genus of plants in the family Melastomataceae
Old Blastus of Bandicoot , a novel by Miles Franklin
or is a mountain in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway . It is located about northeast of the village of Kjøpsvik . The mountain has very smooth sides reaching all the way to the fjord . Stetind has an obelisk-shape which gives it a very distinct look . In 2002 it was voted to be the `` National Mountain '' of Norway by listeners of NRK .
Climbing
The mountain had several attempts at first ascents . First was the German Paul Güssfeldt and the Norwegian Martin Ekroll in the summer of 1888 . The Dane Carl Hall and the Norwegian mountain guide Mathias Soggemoen attempted in 1889 .
Neither group succeeded , but Carl Hall built a cairn on the lower summit about southeast of the main summit . That cairn is now called Halls fortopp ( elevation ) . In 1904 , William Cecil Slingsby also failed to reach the summit .
It was not until 30 July 1910 that Ferdinand Schjelderup , Carl Wilhelm Rubenson , and Alf Bonnevie Bryn finally reached the summit of Stetind . The weather conditions were good . It was Rubenson 's 25th birthday , and they were given the honor of being first in the rope . The hardest part was to pass the smooth crag `` Mysosten '' , which Rubenson finger traversed along a tiny crack . After this passage there was an easy climb to the summit . The same three climbers continued their 1910 tour by making first ascents of the Lofoten summits Svolværgeita and Trakta . Arne Næss , Ralph Høibakk , and K. Friis Baasted did the first winter climb of Stetind in 1963 on the eastern wall . In 1966 , Arne Næss and four others were the first ones to summit via the west wall .
Name
The shape of the mountain has been compared with a ste which means `` anvil '' and the last element is the finite form of tind which means `` mountain peak '' . Slingsby characterized Stetind as the ugliest mountain they ever saw .
References
External links
Narvik
Mountains of Nordland
Tourist attractions in Nordland
Shoreham railway station serves Shoreham in Kent , England . It is down the line from and is situated between and . Train services are provided by Thameslink .
History
Shoreham Station was opened by the London , Chatham and Dover Railway on 2 June 1862 , the same day as the Swanley to Sevenoaks Bat & Ball opened . The line was initially single track - the second track opened in 1863 .
The line through Shoreham between and was electrified in 1935 and electric services began calling at Shoreham in the same year .
The ticket office here was closed in 1992 , having been staffed only during part of the day ; these days , a PERTIS passenger-operated ticket machine issues 'Permits to Travel ' - which are exchanged on-train or at staffed stations for travel tickets - and is located on the Ashford-bound platform . This has since been replaced by a modern ticket machine .
The platforms are connected by a concrete footbridge - a typical product of the Southern Railway concrete factory at Exmouth Junction .
Facilities
There are shelters with benches on both platforms and a ticket machine and modern help point . There is step free access to the Sevenoaks bound platform but the London bound platform is only accessible via the stepped footbridge . There is a small ( free ) car park at the station entrance . The station is unstaffed .
Services
Off-peak , all services at Shoreham are operated by Thameslink using Class 700 EMUs .
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is :
2 tph to London Blackfriars via
2 tph to
During the peak hours , the service to London Blackfriars is extended to and from via .
Southeastern services on the Maidstone East Line call here occasionally during times of service disruption or engineering work .
Connections
The station is served on Monday-Saturday by the route 2 bus to Swanley and Sevenoaks .
References
External links
Railway stations in Kent
Former London , Chatham and Dover Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1862
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Buildings and structures in Sevenoaks District
1862 establishments in England
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
St. Michael 's Churchyard may refer to :
St. Michael 's Churchyard , Charleston , an Anglican parish church in Charleston , South Carolina
St. Michael 's Churchyard , Mickleham , a church and cemetery in Surrey , England
See also
St. Michael 's Cemetery ( disambiguation )
Princess Anna Maria Maximiliane Stephania Karoline Johanna Luisa Xaveria Nepomucena Aloysia Benedicta of Saxony , Duchess of Saxony ( Full German name : Prinzessin Anna Maria Maximiliane Stephania Karoline Johanna Luisa Xaveria Nepomucena Aloysia Benedicta von Sachsen , Herzogin zu Sachsen ; born 4 January 1836 in Dresden , Kingdom of Saxony ; died 10 February 1859 in Naples , Kingdom of the Two Sicilies ) was the seventh child and fourth eldest daughter of John of Saxony and their wife Amalie Auguste of Bavaria and a younger sister of Albert of Saxony and George of Saxony . Through their marriage to Archduke Ferdinand , Grand Prince of Tuscany , Anna was a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine and an Archduchess and Princess of Austria and Princess of Hungary , Croatia , Bohemia , and Tuscany . Ann died shortly before their husband succeeded their father as Grand Duke of Tuscany .
Marriage and issue
Anna married the future Ferdinand IV , Grand Duke of Tuscany , the eldest son of Leopold II , Grand Duke of Tuscany and their wife Princess Maria Antonia of the Two Sicilies , on 24 November 1856 in Dresden . Anna and Ferdinand had two children :
Archduchess Maria Antonietta Leopolda Annunziata Anna Amalia Giuseppa Giovanna Immacolata Tecla ( in German Maria Antonia Leopoldine Annunziata Anna Amalia Josepha Johanna Immaculata Thekla ) ( Florence , 10 January 1858 – Cannes , 13 April 1883 )
Stillborn daughter ( born and died 1859 )
Ancestry
References
1836 births
1859 deaths
House of Wettin
Saxon princesses
Nobility from Dresden
Austrian princesses
German Roman Catholics
Albertine branch
Deaths in childbirth
Burials at San Lorenzo , Florence
Still Life ( , translit . Tabiate bijan ) is a 1974 Iranian film directed by Sohrab Shahid-Saless . It was entered into the 24th Berlin International Film Festival , where it won the Silver Bear .
Cast
Zadour Bonyadi - Mohamad Sardari
Mohammed Kani
Hibibollah Safarian
Habib Safaryan
Zahra Yazdani
References
External links
1974 films
1974 drama films
Films directed by Sohrab Shahid-Saless
1970s Persian-language films
Iranian drama films
Pyrgoteles is an unplaced genus of planthoppers in the family Fulgoridae : species can be found in Sub-Saharan Africa .
Species
Pyrgoteles angolensis ( Lallemand , 1959 )
Pyrgoteles cristatus Karsch , 1893
Pyrgoteles funebris ( Fennah , 1958 )
Pyrgoteles incarnata ( Lallemand , 1959 )
Pyrgoteles machadoi ( Lallemand , 1959 )
Pyrgoteles reinhardi ( Schmidt , 1911 ) : synonym Apossoda reinhardi
Pyrgoteles togoensis ( Schmidt , 1911 ) : synonym Apossoda togoensis
Pyrgoteles usambarae ( Melichar , 1908 )
References
External links
Fulgoridae
Auchenorrhyncha genera
Insects of Africa
William Land Park , frequently referred to as simply `` Land Park '' is a major city park in Sacramento , California . The park is located between Interstate 5 and State Route 160 .
William Land was a pioneer who built the Western Hotel at the NE corner of 2nd and K St in 1875 ( California Historical Landmark # 601 ) . There is an elementary school named after him . They are buried in a Greek temple mausoleum within East Lawn Memorial Park in Sacramento . William Land was a founder of the East Lawn Memorial .
There are several city attractions located within the park including :
The Sacramento Zoo
Fairytale Town , a park which has play equipment designed to represent articles from various fairy tales and nursery rhymes ( there is a small admission fee ) .
The William Land Golf Course
Funderland , a small park with several carnival like rides primarily for very young children .
`` Land Park '' can also refer to the surrounding neighborhood .
Vic 's Ice Cream – landmark restaurant in the neighborhood .
William Land Park was mentioned in Sir Mix-A-Lot 's 1992 rap song `` A Rapper 's Reputation '' .
Gallery
See also
Urban park
References
External links
Amusement parks in California
Geography of Sacramento , California
Municipal parks in California
Parks in Sacramento County , California
Tourist attractions in Sacramento , California
Anumandai is a village panchayat located in the Marakkanam Taluk , Viluppuram district , Tamil Nadu , India . It is one of the village panchayats coming under Marakkanam block of Viluppuram district .
Businesses
Anumandai has two banks namely , Pallavan Grama Bank and Co-operative Bank .
References
External links
Villages in Viluppuram district
USS John Sealy ( SP-568 ) , also spelled John Sealey , was a United States Navy minesweeper in commission during 1917 .
John Sealy was built as a commercial steam tug of the same name in 1910 at West Lake , Louisiana . On 25 April 1917 , the U.S. Navy acquired them from their owner , D. M. Picton , for use as a minesweeper on the section patrol during World War I . They were commissioned as USS John Sealy ( SP-568 ) .
After brief service as a minesweeper , John Sealy was returned to their owner on 10 August 1917 .
Notes
References
SP-568 John Sealy at Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images : U.S. Navy Ships -- Listed by Hull Number : `` SP '' # s and `` ID '' # s -- World War I Era Patrol Vessels and other Acquired Ships and Craft numbered from SP-500 through SP-599
NavSource Online : Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive : John Sealy ( SP 568 )
Minesweepers of the United States Navy
World War I minesweepers of the United States
Ships built in Louisiana
1910 ships
Yanceyville Historic District is a national historic district located in Yanceyville , Caswell County , North Carolina , USA . It encompasses 11 contributing buildings in the county seat of Yanceyville . It includes notable examples of Greek Revival style architecture . In addition to the separately listed Caswell County Courthouse , other notable buildings include the Thornton House , Paul Haralson House , Jeremiah Graves House ( Dongola ) , Dr. Nathaniel Roan House , Presbyterian Church , Kerr House , Thomas D. Johnston House , and the brick store .
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 .
References
External links
Historic American Buildings Survey in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Caswell County , North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Caswell County , North Carolina
Brazza 's martin ( Phedinopsis brazzae ) is a passerine bird in the swallow family , Hirundinidae . It is 12 cm ( 4.25 in ) long with grey-brown upperparts , heavily black-streaked white underparts , and a brownish tint to the breast plumage . The sexes are similar , but juvenile birds have more diffuse breast streaking and reddish-brown edges to the feathers of the back and wings . The song consists of a series of short notes of increasing frequency , followed by a complex buzz that is sometimes completed by a number of clicks .
The range of this species falls within the African countries of Angola , the Republic of the Congo , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Nesting in burrows in river banks , it lays a clutch of three white eggs . This bird feeds on flying insects , including termites , and may hunt over rivers or open savanna . It forms mixed flocks with other swallows , but is readily identified by its combination of brown upperparts , streaked underparts and a square tail .
Although this little-known bird had been classified as Data Deficient by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , it actually appears to be common and widespread , and it has been listed as a species of The Least Concern since 2008 . There may be some hunting of this martin for food , but the species does not appear to be facing any serious short-term threats .
Taxonomy
The Brazza 's martin was first described in 1886 under the binomial name Phedina brazzae by the French zoologist Émile Oustalet from a specimen obtained at Nganchu in the Ngabé District of what is now the Republic of Congo . This martin is now the only species placed in the genus Phedinopsis that was introduced in 1971 by the German ornithologist Hans Edmund Wolters . The genus name , Phedinopsis combines the genus Phedina with the Ancient Greek opsis meaning `` appearance '' . The species name commemorates Italian-born French explorer Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza , later to become governor-general of the French Congo , who collected the type specimen . This species was often called the `` Congo martin '' , but this invites confusion with the Congo sand martin or Congo martin , Riparia congica .
Brazza 's martin is a member of the swallow family of birds , and is classed as a member of the Hirundininae subfamily , which comprises all swallows and martins except the very distinctive river martins . DNA sequence studies suggest that there are three major groupings within the Hirundininae , broadly correlating with the type of nest built . These groups are the `` core martins '' , including burrowing species like the sand martin ; the `` nest-adopters '' , which are birds like the tree swallow that utilise natural cavities ; and the `` mud nest builders '' , such as the barn swallow , which build a nest from mud . The species nests in burrows and therefore belong to the `` core martins '' group .
Brazza 's martin is thought to be an early offshoot from the main swallow lineage , although the striped plumage suggests a distant relationship with several streaked African Hirundo species . Brazza 's martin was previously included in the genus Phedina , although it is now included in its own genus Phedinopsis due to the significant differences in vocalisations and nest type from its relative .
Description
The Brazza 's martin is 12 cm ( 4.25 in ) long with wings averaging 100.5 mm ( 4.4 in ) . This small hirundine has grey-brown upperparts with a somewhat darker brown head and white underparts heavily streaked with blackish-brown from the throat to vent . There is a brownish tint to the breast plumage . The square tail averages 46.8 mm ( 1.8 in ) long and has white edges to the brown undertail coverts . The flight feathers are blackish-brown and the bill and legs are black . The eyes are dark brown and the black bill averages 8.5 mm ( 0.33 in ) long . The sexes are similar , but juvenile birds have more diffuse breast streaking and reddish-brown or buff edges to the feathers of the back and wings . This bird has no subspecies .
The song consists of a series of short notes increasing in frequency which are followed by a complex buzz and sometimes completed by a number of clicks . The song becomes increasingly loud , although the final clicks are quite soft . The song is similar to that of the banded martin , and does not resemble the Mascarene martin , suggesting unresolved taxonomic problems . The flight is variously described as heavy , or like that of a sand martin .
Brazza 's martin can be distinguished from most other swallows within its range by the heavy streaking on the underparts . Although the lesser striped swallow also has white underparts with dark streaking , it is larger , has a deeply forked tail and a very different plumage , with dark blue upperparts , a red rump and a chestnut head . Compared to the Mascarene martin , this species is smaller , has a plainer back and finer dashing on the throat and chest , but there is no range overlap .
Distribution and habitat
The distribution of the Brazza 's martin was initially poorly known , and until 1922 the type specimen in the Paris Museum was the only recorded example of this species . A Father Callewaert then collected 20 martins near Luluabourg ( now Kananga ) , and this bird is now known to breed in the south of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) , the Republic of the Congo , and in northern Angola . There is one probable sighting from southeast Gabon .
In the breeding season this martin is found near rivers with the steep banks that are needed for the nest burrows . Suitable habitat occurs along lowland tropical rivers like the Congo or rivers with sandbanks in the highlands of Angola . The highland locations have wide grassy riverways running through miombo woodlands , whereas the Congo Basin is tropical forest with over 200 cm ( 80 in ) of rain a year . The lowland habitats are a patchwork of dry , seasonally flooded and permanently wet woodland , and seasonally flooded savanna , and the swamp forests contain trees such as Symphonia globulifera , raffia palms and Mitragyna species , and the riverbanks are often lined with arrowroot . This martin seems to be able to adapt to open savanna habitats containing Hymenocardia acida , in which it will roost overnight when not breeding , and is therefore not heavily dependent on the neighbouring forests as long as the riverine breeding sites survive .
Behaviour
In a presumed example of courtship behaviour , a male Brazza 's martin perched about 30 cm ( 1 ft ) away from a female and sang for about ten minutes . As it sang , the male leant towards the female , which caused the still-folded wings and tail to rise relative to the body . The Brazza 's martin nests in the vertical banks of forested rivers from July to October , at the end of the dry season but before the river levels are high enough to cause flooding . A small colony of four pairs was recorded breeding near a rocky outcrop on the side of a valley .
The Brazza 's martin nests singly or in loose colonies with sometimes widely separated burrows . The nest is a small heap of soft material such as feathers or dry grass at the end of a typically 50-cm ( 20-in ) tunnel . The normal clutch is three white eggs . The eggs measure 18.5 x 11.25 mm ( 0.73 x 0.49 in ) and weigh 1.5 g ( 0.05 oz ) . The incubation and fledging times are unknown , although as with all hirundines the chicks are altricial , hatching naked and blind .
As with other swallows , Brazza 's martin feeds on flying insects , including termites , and may hunt over rivers or open savanna . It can occur in single-species flocks or with other swallows including barn swallows , lesser striped swallows , or rock martins .
Status
There has been little ornithological research in this part of Africa , and until 2008 the Brazza 's martin was classified as Data Deficient . It was thought to have a much more restricted distribution range , but a 2007 paper presented evidence that extended its known range by 500 km ( 300 mi ) to the north and 175 km ( 90 mi ) southwards , a quadrupling of the area . It has a large range of 402,000 km2 ( 155,000 sq mi ) although the total population is unknown . Its extensive range and apparently stable population means this bird is classed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List .
It is likely that this species is dug out for food by humans , but its small , dispersed colonies in firm soil suggest that it is a less rewarding target than the densely packed sandbank nests of species such as the African river martin and rosy bee-eater . Breeding colonies in river sandbars are liable to flooding , but neither natural causes nor hunting appears to be having a serious impact , and this species seems under no immediate threat . Its ability to use degraded habitats also aids its survival . The Brazza 's martin is not a protected species in Angola , the DRC , or the Republic of Congo .
References
Cited texts
Brazza 's martin
Birds of Central Africa
Brazza 's martin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Marrakech Express is a 1989 Italian film directed by Gabriele Salvatores and starring Diego Abatantuono , Fabrizio Bentivoglio , Cristina Marsillach , Giuseppe Cederna , and Gigio Alberti . A classical road movie , it was the first installment of Salvatores ' trilogia della fuga ( `` escape trilogy '' ) , followed by On Tour ( 1990 ) and the Academy Award winning Mediterraneo ( 1991 ) . The cast of the three movies is partly the same ; most notably , Diego Abatantuono has a leading role in all of them .
The plot revolves around a group of ex-high school friends that reunite in their 30s for a long journey together , and has been compared to Lawrence Kasdan 's The Big Chill and Kevin Reynolds ' Fandango . The soundtrack , that contributes to the nostalgic atmosphere of the movie , features original songs by blues guitarist and songwriter Roberto Ciotti as well as Italian evergreens from the 1970s such as L'anno che verrà by Lucio Dalla and La leva calcistica del '68 by Francesco De Gregori .
The screenplay was nominated for Premio Solinas .
Plot
Marco ( Bentivoglio ) is visited at home by a girl named Teresa ( Marsillach ) who claims to be the girlfriend of Rudy ( Massimo Venturiello ) , an old college and friend of Marco 's . They tell Marco that Rudy has been jailed in Morocco for possession of hashish , and has sent them over to their old friends to collect the 30 million lire that are needed to bribe a judge and buy their acquittal .
Marco reconnects with two more members of the old company , Maurizio Ponchia ( Abatantuono ) and Paolino ( Cederna ) , and they eventually resolve to bring the money to Rudy in Morocco in person . Ponchia , who is a used car dealer , provides a Mercedes offroad car for the journey , with a hiding spot for the money . Along the way , they also pick up Cedro , a fourth friend who has chosen to abandon everything and live in isolation somewhere on the Alps ( inspired by the reading of Kerouac 's Desolation Angels ) . Marco , Ponchia , Paolino , Cedro , and Teresa thus begin their journey through France and Spain and across the Strait of Gibraltar to Marrakech .
Once in Marrakech , the four men are shown around by Teresa while they are supposedly waiting for Rudy to get out of jail . Amongst other things , they experience a turkish bath and get a tattoo . Meanwhile Teresa disappears , and much to their dismay , they realize that the money and the car are also gone . At the time due for Rudy 's liberation from jail , another Italian comes out in their place , Salvatore ( Ugo Conti ) . They know nothing about Rudy or Teresa , but helps them find out the truth . Rudy was never jailed , the whole story was a fabrication , and they actually live in an oasis in the desert .
The friends resolve to search for Rudy , Teresa , and their money . Having lost their car , they have to adapt to travelling on a local bus and then by bike . As they try to cross the desert towards Rudy 's oasis , fatigue and dehydration eventually knocks them off , but they are timely saved by Rudy themselves who brings them to their place . Rudy reveals that they needed the 30 million to install a drill and start an orange plantation . After a first reaction of anger , the friends enjoy themselves participating in the installation and first activation of the drill , which finally finds water . This marks however also the end of their journey , and the time for going back their normal life and reality .
On their way back home , the four friends mention reuniting the group somehow ( more specifically , reuniting the futsal team ) ; but along the way their enthusiasm fades away as they realize that these aspirations are not going to be realised . The group finally disbands as Cedro and Paolino choose to stop over at Cedro 's place in the Alps , and Marco and Ponchia drive back home alone .
References in popular culture
In a scene , while they are on their way in Morocco , the company loses the pipe where the money is hidden . They then find out that the pipe has been taken by some Moroccans who use it as a pole for a soccer goal . As the Moroccans refuse to give the pipe back , it is eventually settled that it will be the trophy for those who win a soccer game . This scene is directly quoted by an analogous scene in the 1997 movie Tre uomini e una gamba ( `` Three men and a leg '' ) by Italian comedians Aldo , Giovanni & Giacomo .
Location
Milan , Italy
Saint-Tropez , France
Barcelona , Spain
Wilderness of Tabernas , Spain
Marrakech , Morocco
Erfoud , Morocco
Merzouga , Morocco
References
External links
1989 films
Films directed by Gabriele Salvatores
Italian road movies
1980s road movies
Films set in Morocco
Films set in deserts
Films shot in Almería
1980s Italian-language films
1980s Italian films
The 1956 Panamerican Championship was the second edition of the Panamerican Championship , an association football tournament featuring national teams from North , Central and South America . It was held in Mexico City , between February 26 and March 18 , in 1956 .
The competition , contested by six teams , was played in a round-robin format , and won by Brazil , achieving their second consecutive title . All the matches were played at Estadio Olímpico Universitario .
Venue
Matches
Final table
Top goalscorers
References
1956
1956 Pan
1956 in South American football
1955–56 in Mexican football
February 1956 sports events in Mexico
March 1956 sports events in Mexico
1956 Pan
1950s in Mexico City
Death train may refer to :
Death trains , an alternative name for Holocaust trains , used to transport Jews to Nazi concentration and extermination camps
Death Train , a novel by Alastair MacNeill , based on the UNACO screenplay by Alistair MacLean
Death Train , first of The Sergeant series of novels by Len Levinson writing as Gordon Davis
`` Death Train '' , a song from the album Sinking the Eight Ball by Ruby Joe
`` The Death Train '' , El tren de la muerte , or La Bestia , a dangerous network of Mexican freight trains that are utilized by U.S.- bound migrants to more quickly traverse the length of Mexico
Film and television
Death Train , 1993 TV movie starring Pierce Brosnan , based on the novel by Alastair MacNeill
Death Train , alternative name for Beyond the Door III , 1989 Italian horror film
Death Train , last of the 2004 Hideshi Hino 's Theater of Horror series of Japanese horror films
The Death Train , 1978 Australian TV film starring Hugh Keays-Byrne
See also
Ghost train ( disambiguation )
Haunted Train ( disambiguation )
Phantom train ( disambiguation )
Dâmbovicioara is a commune in Argeș County , Muntenia , Romania . It is composed of three villages : Ciocanu , Dâmbovicioara and Podu Dâmboviței .
The Dâmbovița River has its source in Podu Dâmboviței , on the Curmătura Oticului , a mountain pass that separates the Iezer Mountains from the Făgăraș Mountains .
Villages
Dâmbovicioara
Dâmbovicioara is the village of residence of the commune of the same name in Argeș County , Muntenia , Romania .
Podu Dâmboviței
Podu Dâmboviței is a village with 745 inhabitants , located on DN73 29 km from Câmpulung . The was for the first time mentioned in 16th-17th centuries .
Ciocanu
Geography
The village 's name , meaning “ the hammer ” , derives from its shape , with the tip pointing towards Dâmbovicioara village . It is surrounded by the Bucegi , Piatra Craiului and Leaota Mountains .
The village is located at the northern edge of the commune , at the foot of the Piatra Craiului Mountains , on the Rucăr-Bran Pass . To the north , the next village is Șirnea , part of Transylvania .
History
Ciocanu was founded and named around 1850 by Iosif Că­ciulă , Teche Poponeci and Bucur Stinghe , three deserters from the Imperial Austrian Army who purchased land from the elders of Rucăr . Until the union of Transylvania with Romania , it was a border village in the Romanian Old Kingdom , with Austria-Hungary on the other side . The crossing was known as the “ cuckoo border ” , because like the bird that flew freely between , it was quite permeable , with the inhabitants prospering from the traffic .
The border is a natural one , with its location along a mountain crest . In ancient times , it divided Thracian tribes of shepherds and farmers . A document of 1377 mentions this saddle as the first customs point over the mountains , under the name Ruffa Abor . In the late 16th century , Doamna Florica , the daughter of Michael the Brave , took possession of the village , in turn granting property to the Rucăr elders .
In 1916 , during the early stages of Romania 's participation in World War I , the area was the scene of heavy fighting . Reportedly , prior to the war , a German spy posing as a hunter had photographed the Romanian military 's local strategic defenses .
Gallery
References
External links
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Usha Ganguli ( 1945 – 23 April 2020 ) was an Indian theatre director-actor and activist , most known for their work in Hindi theatre in Kolkata in the 1970s and 1980s . They founded Rangakarmee theatre group in 1976 , known for its productions like Mahabhoj , Rudali , Court Martial , and Antaryatra . Apart from thespian Shyamanand Jalan of Padatik ( established 1972 ) , they were the only other theatre director to practise Hindi theatre in Kolkata , which is largely Bengali speaking .
They were awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award for Direction , given by the Sangeet Natak Akademi , India 's National Academy of Music , Dance & Drama in 1998 . They were also honoured by the West Bengal Government as the best actor for the play Gudia Ghar .
Early life and education
Born in Jodhpur , Rajasthan , into a family from the village of Nerva in Uttar Pradesh , Usha Ganguly learnt Bharatanatyam dance and later moved to Kolkata , where they studied at Shri Shikshayatan College , Kolkata and did their master 's degree in Hindi literature .
Career
Ganguly began their career as a teacher at Bhowanipur Education Society College , Calcutta , an undergraduate college affiliated with the University of Calcutta , in 1970 . Also in the same year , they started acting with Sangit Kala Mandir and also started work for their first play Mitti Ki Gadi ( based on Mrichchakatikam by Shudrak ) ( 1970 ) , where they played the role of Vasantsena . They continued teaching as a Hindi Lecturer at Bhowanipur Education Society College , until their retirement in 2008 and practised theatre all the while .
They formed a theatre group , Rangakarmee , in January 1976 . Initially , since they were trained as a dancer , the group invited outside directors , like M.K . Raina , who directed Mother , Tripti Mitra directed Gudia Ghar , an adaptation of Ibsen 's A Doll 's House , besides Rudra Prasad Sengupta and Bibhash Chakravorty , before they started directing herself , having trained under Tripti Mitra and Mrinal Sen .
Ganguly started directing in the 1980s and soon their energetic style and disciplined ensemble work with young , large casts brought a resurgence of Hindi theatre in the city . Them important productions included Mahabhoj ( Great Feast ) in 1984 , based on Mannu Bhandari novel , Ratnakar Matkari 's Lokkatha ( Folktale ) in 1987 , Holi by playwright Mahesh Elkunchwar in 1989 , and Rudali ( 1992 ) , their own dramatised version of a story by Mahashweta Devi , Himmat Mai , an adaptation of Brecht 's Mother Courage and notably Court Martial written by playwright Swadesh Deepak . They wrote a play Kashinama ( 2003 ) , based on a story , Kaane Kaun Kumati Lagi from the Kashinath Singh 's classic work , Kashi Ka Assi and an original play Khoj .
They also worked on the script of Raincoat ( 2004 ) a Hindi film based on O Henry 's The Gift of the Magi , directed by Rituparno Ghosh .
In the coming years , they also translated and adapted plays into Hindi . Rangakarmee started its education wing in the 1990s , today it regularly takes its repertoire on tours across India and undertakes education extension activities in theatre with underprivileged people .
In 2005 , Rangkarmee was the only Indian theatre group to perform at the Theatre der Welt Festival in Stuttgart , Germany . It staged the play Rudali at `` Punj Pani festival '' at Lahore in 2006 . The group staged its first multilingual production , Bhor about the minds of inmates of a drug rehab centre in August 2010 .
Plays
Mahabhoj ( The Great Feast ) ( 1984 )
Lok Katha ( Folk Tale ) ( 1987 )
Holi ( 1989 )
Court Martial ( 1991 )
Rudali ( The Mourner ) ( 1992 )
Himmat Mai ( Mother Courage ) ( 1998 )
Mukti ( 1999 )
Shobhayatra ( 2000 )
Kashinama ( 2003 )
Chandalika
Sarhad Par Manto
Manasi ( in Bengali ) ( 2011 )
Works
Rudali ( play based on Mahashweta Devi 's story ) , Radhakrishna Prakashan , 2004. .
Works
antarmahal ,
Further reading
Rudali : from fiction to performance , by Mahashweta Devi , Usha Ganguli , Anjum Katyal . Seagull Books , 1997. .
References
External links
Rangkarmee , website
Indian theatre directors
Indian stage actores
Actresses from Rajasthan
1945 births
2020 deaths
Actresses from Kolkata
Indian women activists
Recipients of the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
Hindi theatre
Shri Shikshayatan College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
University of Calcutta faculty
Indian women theatre directors
20th-century Indian actores
21st-century Indian actores
People from Jodhpur
Jacob Anderson was Archdeacon of Selkirk from 1936 until 1942 .
Anderson was born in Lockport , Manitoba in 1875 . They began their working life as a teacher . After that they enrolled at St. John 's College , Manitoba and was ordained in 1902 . After a curacy at Gilbert Plains they held incumbencies in Dominion City , Rathwell , Selkirk and Stonewall .
They died on 26 January 1962 .
Notes
University of Manitoba alumni
Archdeacons of Selkirk
Canadian Anglican priests
Canadian educators
1875 births
1962 deaths
Saint Thomas Health ( STH ) is an integrated health delivery system based in Nashville , Tennessee . The name was shortened from Saint Thomas Health Services in 2011 , and changed to Ascension Saint Thomas in 2020 .
Saint Thomas Health is a member of Ascension Health , a Roman Catholic organization that is the largest not-for-profit health system in the United States . STH is composed of nine hospitals : three in Nashville , another major one in Murfreesboro , and smaller ones in Centerville , McMinnville , Smithville , Woodbury and Sparta , as well as multiple physician practices and outpatient centers .
The Ascension Saint Thomas CEO is Tim Adams , who is also the President of the regional system Ascension Tennessee .
Saint Thomas Health and the University of Tennessee Health Science Center have established a partnership for training medical residents in a variety of specialties .
Hospitals
Ascension Saint Thomas Hospital West
Formerly known as Saint Thomas Hospital .
Ascension Saint Thomas Hospital Midtown
Formerly known as Baptist Hospital .
Ascension Saint Thomas Hospital - Rutherford
Saint Thomas Hickman Hospital
Saint Thomas Hickman Hospital is located in Centerville , Tennessee
Saint Thomas River Park Hospital
Saint Thomas River Park Hospital is located in McMinnville , Tennessee
Saint Thomas Dekalb Hospital
Saint Thomas Dekalb Hospital is located in Smithville , Tennessee
Saint Thomas Stones River Hospital
Saint Thomas Stones River Hospital is located in Woodbury , Tennessee
Saint Thomas Highlands Hospital
Saint Thomas Highlands Hospital is located in Sparta , Tennessee .
Hospital for Specialty Surgery
The Hospital for Specialty Surgery is located in Nashville , Tennessee
Special Centers
Saint Thomas Heart
Saint Thomas Heart is a collaborative effort among the Sanit Thomas Health family , providing complete cardiac services from more than 20 locations .
In 2008 , Saint Thomas Heart was ranked # 1 in Tennessee for Coronary Interventional Procedures by HealthGrades . Its hospitals received five-star ratings for the treatment of heart failure and atrial fibrillation , coronary interventional procedures and coronary services , and it was ranked among the top 5 % in the nation for coronary interventions and the top 10 % in the nation for cardiology services .
Chest Pain Network
The Saint Thomas Chest Pain Network is a division of Saint Thomas Health that coordinates with local emergency medical services ( EMS ) and hospitals to provide cardiac care services . It includes 15 hospitals in Tennessee and Kentucky , all accredited by the Society of Chest Pain Centers . The network includes different size facilities to provide initial treatment closest to the patient 's home , and allow transfer into a specialized facility if additional care is required . In July 2008 , the network expanded into Southern Kentucky when Monroe County Hospital in Tompkinsville was added .
Neurosciences Institute
The Saint Thomas Health Neurosciences Institute contains comprehensive brain , back , nervous system and spine centers . In 2008 , independent health care rating company HealthGrades gave Saint Thomas a five-star rating for back and neck surgery .
The Saint Thomas Brain & Spine Tumor Center is a collaboration between the Neurosciences Institute and the Dan Rudy Cancer Center .
Bariatric Weight Loss Surgery Program
The Saint Thomas Health Bariatric Weight Loss Surgery Program provides a variety of weight loss procedures .
Orthopedics
STH provides a number of orthopedic services through its family of hospitals . In . In 2008 , the program was ranked in the top 5 % in the nation for spine surgery by HealthGrades . Saint Thomas Orthopedics also received five-star ratings for overall orthopedic services , spine surgery , joint replacement , total knee replacement , back and neck surgery , and spinal fusion . 2015 , the joint replacement services at Saint Thomas Health were consolidated into the Saint Thomas Joint Replacement Institute . It was rated among the top 10 in Tennessee by HealthGrades for Joint Replacement .
Sports Medicine
Saint Thomas Outpatient Rehabilitation is a specialized extension of its orthopedic program , combines services including general orthopedics , physical therapy , aquatic therapy , athletic medicine and occupational therapy . The service is the exclusive health care provider to the Tennessee Titans , Tennessee Secondary School Athletic Association and Lipscomb University .
Saint Thomas Outpatient Rehabilitation clinics are found throughout Middle Tennessee , with locations in downtown Nashville , Antioch , Bellevue , Brentwood , Centerville , Green Hills , Murfreesboro , Pleasant View , Rivergate and Spring Hill , as well as at Lipscomb University in the Green Hills neighborhood of Nashville
Life Therapies
The Life Therapies clinics offer specialized rehabilitation therapy services in a relaxed , non-hospital atmosphere . This includes treatment of lymphedema , and neurological , post-stroke , vestibular , pediatric , oncology and women 's health issues . The staff consists of licensed physical , occupational and speech therapists .
Until January 2009 , the Life Therapies services were provided under the umbrella of Baptist Sports Medicine . It was determined that creating the new Life Therapies service line , would allow therapists and physicians to better treat patients who did not require traditional sports medicine .
The six clinics are found throughout Middle Tennessee , including locations at Baptist Medical Plaza I in downtown Nashville , Green Hills , Maryland Farms YMCA in Brentwood , Spring Hill and two locations in Murfreesboro .
Women 's health
STH 's hospitals partner together to provide women 's health services that range from gynecology and breast health to pelvic health and birthing services . The Center for Pelvic Health is a specialized service line of Saint Thomas Health Services that focuses on treating pelvic health and urogynecological conditions in women , including urinary incontinence , fecal incontinence , sexual dysfunction and pelvic floor disorders . Saint Thomas Midtown Hospital is also home to a level III neonatal intensive care unit .
Cancer program
STH 's Cancer Program provides treatment and prevention services .
As part of its treatment , the Saint Thomas Health Cancer Program partners with other institutions , including Cleveland Clinic and Tennessee Oncology , to partake in community-based clinical trials in oncology and related therapies .
Sponsorships
STH is the exclusive provider of medical services to the Tennessee Titans .
MissionPoint
In 2012 Saint Thomas Health started an Accountable care organization called MissionPoint Health Partners . MissionPoint is a participant in the Medicare Shared Savings Program , and currently has more than 1400 participating physicians in its network .
References
External links
Saint Thomas Health
Organizations based in Nashville , Tennessee
Healthcare in Tennessee
The Midland Alpine borane reduction , or simply the Midland reduction , allows for the asymmetric reduction of carbonyls ( primarily ketones ) to alcohols . It was developed in the late 1970s by Professor M. Mark Midland at the University of California , Riverside . The Midland Reduction is particularly useful because alpha-pinene is regenerated ( although it is fairly cheap , so this matters less than with other chiral molecules ) , and because both enantiomers are commercially available . The Alpine borane can be synthesized by refluxing alpha-pinene and 9-BBN in THF . While both enantiomers of alpine borane are commercially available , it is far cheaper to make than buy .
Many examples of the Midland reduction require a low steric group such as an alkyne or a nitrile so as to increase selectivity .
The stereochemical control comes from coordination of the bulky borane to the carbonyl , followed by hydride transfer opposite the largest group .
See also
Corey-Itsuno reduction
Noyori asymmetric hydrogenation
References
Name reactions
Organic reduction reactions
The 1937 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the ninth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship , the Gaelic Athletic Association 's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18 .
Louth entered the championship as defending champions , however , they were defeated in the Leinster Championship .
Cavan won the championship following a 1-11 to 1-5 defeat of Wexford in the All-Ireland final . This was their first All-Ireland title .
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1937
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Coomans or Cooman ( ) is a Dutch occupational surname most common in Belgium . The name derives via assimilation from the common surname Koopman ( `` merchant ) . Among variant forms are Comans , Coopman ( s ) , De Cooman , Koeman ( s ) , Kooman , Koomen , and Koopmans . People with this name include :
Cooman
Carson Cooman ( born 1982 ) , American composer and organist
Nelli Cooman ( born 1964 ) , Dutch sprinter of Surinamese origin
Coomans
Diana Coomans ( 1861–1952 ) , Belgian painter , sister of Heva
Heva Coomans ( 1860–1939 ) , Belgian painter , sister of Diana
Jacques Coomans ( 1888–1980 ) , Belgian racing cyclist
Pierre Olivier Joseph Coomans ( 1816–1889 ) , Belgian painter , father of Heva and Diana
De Cooman
Daan De Cooman ( born 1974 ) , Belgian judoka
( 1893–1949 ) , Belgian painter
Kooman
Andrew Kooman ( born 1979 ) , Canadian author playwright
Michael Kooman ( born 1984 ) , American cabaret and musical composer
See also
Coman , surname , usually of Celtic origin
Charles Kennedy Comans ( 1914–2012 ) , Australian lawyer and lecturer
References
Dutch-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Surnames of Belgian origin
Liu Chih-kung ( ) is a Taiwanese diplomat .
Early life
Liu obtained their bachelor 's degree in diplomacy from National Chengchi University in 1972 . They then continued their study in the same university and obtained their master 's degree and doctoral degree in political science in 1975 and 1983 respectively .
Career
Liu was Taiwanese representative to Mongolia until 2008 , when they were moved to the Czech Republic . By May 2010 , Liu became the deputy secretary-general of the National Security Council . In 2012 , Liu was named representative of the Republic of China to Canada . They were the ROC representative to the United Kingdom from July 2014 to May 2016 .
See also
Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( Republic of China )
References
Living people
Representatives of Taiwan to the United Kingdom
Year of birth missing ( living people )
National Chengchi University alumni
Representatives of Taiwan to Canada
Representatives of Taiwan to the Czech Republic
Representatives of Taiwan to Mongolia
Timothy Wesley Steele ( born 1 December 1967 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Bradford City , Exeter City , Hereford United , Shrewsbury Town , Stoke City and Wolverhampton Wanderers .
Steele began their career with Shrewsbury Town where they spent four years before moving to Wolverhampton Wanderers . They helped Wolves gain promotion in 1988–89 before they lost their place in the side to Andy Thompson . They joined Stoke City on loan in 1991–92 before leaving for Bradford City permanently in the summer of 1993 . They then played for Hereford United and Exeter City .
Career
Steele was born in Coventry and started their playing career with Shrewsbury Town making their debut as a substitute at home to Fulham during the 1985–86 season they played eleven times in 1986–87 scoring once and then scored 4 goals in 37 matches in 1987–88 as the `` Shrews '' continued to avoid relegation . However they began the 1988–89 terribly and were well on their way to relegation . They left Shrewsbury in February 1989 in favour of a move to Wolverhampton Wanderers and under the management of Graham Turner Wolves won the Third Division title in 1988–89 . Steele played in 15 matches in 1989–90 and 32 matches in 1990–91 but saw their place taken by Andy Thompson in December 1991 . They joined Third Division Stoke City on loan in February 1992 and played seven matches for the `` Potters '' during the 1991–92 season scoring once in their final match against Exeter City . They were rarely used by Wolves in 1992–93 making just four appearances and was released at the end of the season .
They joined Bradford City with whom they played 14 times scoring once before signing for Hereford United in January 1994 . They spent two and a half years at Edgar Street making 28 appearances scoring twice and ended their career with a season at Exeter City where they played 25 times scoring three goals .
In July 1997 , Steele joined non-league side Tamworth . In an eventful five years with The Lambs , Steele briefly managed the team after the departure of Paul Hendrie , and even played a game in goal after goalkeeper Darren Acton was sent off for handling the ball outside of their area , Steele went on to keep a clean sheet . At the end of the 2000–01 season , Steele was released by Tamworth and went on to play for Sutton Coldfield Town , they have since retired .
Career statistics
Source :
A . The `` Other '' column constitutes appearances and goals in the Full Members Cup and Football League Trophy .
Honours
Wolverhampton Wanderers
Football League Third Division champion : 1988–89
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Shrewsbury Town F.C . players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C . players
Stoke City F.C . players
Bradford City A.F.C . players
Hereford United F.C . players
Exeter City F.C . players
Tamworth F.C . players
Sutton Coldfield Town F.C . players
English Football League players
English football managers
Tamworth F.C . managers
Heister is an Americanized German surname , with the Germanic Hüster as one of its variants . Notable people with the surname include :
Beate Heister ( born 1951 ) , German billionaire
Chris Heister ( born 1950 ) , Swedish politician
Danny Heister ( born 1971 ) , Dutch table tennis player
Leopold Philip de Heister ( 1716-1777 ) , German general
Lorenz Heister ( 1683–1758 ) , German anatomist , surgeon and botanist
Marcel Heister ( born 1992 ) , German footballer
Zoltán Heister ( born 1961 ) , Slovakian handball coach
Heike Hohlbein ( born November 15 , 1954 in Neuss , North Rhine-Westphalia ) is a German writer of science fiction , fantasy and youth literature who lives near Neuss in North Rhine-Westphalia . They are the wife of German author Wolfgang Hohlbein . Together they are among the most successful authors in the genre of fantasy literature in Germany .
Life
Heike Hohlbein was born on 3 November 1954 in Neuss , North Rhine-Westphalia . In 1971 they met Wolfgang Hohlbein , whom they married 3 years later . They raised 6 children with Hohlbein together . In 1977 their daughter Rebecca Hohlbein was born , who became a writer themselves too .
In 2014 the German TV channel RTL II launched a reality show called Die Hohlbeins – Eine total fantastische Familie ( The Hohlbein 's , a fantastic family ) , which aimed to show the life of the Hohlbein family in the docusoap format . The show garnered about 910.000 viewers during the first episode , but after a fast drop-off in viewers and negative criticism of being too trivial and boring it was cancelled soon after .
Work
Heike Hohlbein is credited as co-author in many of Wolfgang Hohlbein 's books . They act primary provider of ideas and inspiration for him , especially in the fantasy genre . Together they are the most successful fantasy authors in Germany . They published more than 200 books and sold more than 43 million copies of them . Being one of the most successful fantasy writers in Germany , their works have been translated in multiple languages from across the globe . The only exception is the English language , into which only their most successful work Märchenmond ( English title : Magic Moon ) has been translated .
Bibliography
( as co-author )
Stand-alone novels
Laurin . Ueberreuter , 2016 ,
Die Schneekönigin . arsEdition , 2015 ,
Silberhorn . Ueberreuter , 2009 ,
Das Buch . Ueberreuter , August 2003 ,
Der Greif . Ueberreuter , 1989 ,
Die Bedrohung . Heyne , 1994 ,
Die Heldenmutter . Lübbe , 1985 ,
Die Prophezeiung . Ueberreuter , 1993 ,
Drachenfeuer . Ueberreuter , 1988 ,
Dreizehn . Arena , 1995 ,
Elfentanz . Carlsen , 1984 ,
Katzenwinter . Ueberreuter , 1997 ,
Kein Platz mehr im Hundehimmel . Ueberreuter , 1986 ( 2004 ) ,
Krieg der Engel . Ueberreuter , 1999 ,
Midgard . Carlsen , 1987 ,
Schattenjagd . Heyne , 1996 ,
Spiegelzeit . Heyne , 1991 ,
Teufelchen . Thienemann Verlag , 1997 ,
Unterland . Ueberreuter , 1992 ,
Anders
Die tote Stadt , Ueberreuter , 2004 ,
Im dunklen Land , Ueberreuter , 2004 ,
Der Thron von Tiernan , Ueberreuter , 2004 ,
Der Gott der Elder , Ueberreuter , 2004 ,
Die Legende von Camelot
Gralszauber , Ueberreuter , 2000 ,
Elbenschwert , Ueberreuter , 2001 ,
Runenschild , Ueberreuter , 2002 ,
Die Legende von Camelot Sonderausgabe ( Vol . I to III ) , Ueberreuter ,
Drachenthal
Die Entdeckung , Ueberreuter , 2002 ,
Das Labyrinth , Ueberreuter , 2003 ,
Die Zauberkugel , Ueberreuter , 2003 ,
Das Spiegelkabinett , Ueberreuter , 2004 ,
Die Rückkehr , Ueberreuter , 2007 ,
Märchenmond
Märchenmond , Ueberreuter , 1983 ,
Märchenmonds Kinder , Ueberreuter , 1990 ,
Märchenmonds Erben , Ueberreuter , 1998 ,
Das Märchen von Märchenmond , Ueberreuter , 1999 ,
Die Zauberin von Märchenmond , Ueberreuter , 2005 ,
Volume I to III have been translated into English :
Magic Moon , Tokyopop , 2006 ,
Children of Magic Moon , Tokyopop , 2007 ,
Legacy of Magic Moon , Tokyopop , 2008 ,
Norg
Norg im verbotenen Land , Thienemann , 2002 ,
Norg im Tal des Ungeheuers , Thienemann , 2003 ,
References
External links
Official website ( German )
1953 births
Living people
German science fiction writers
German fantasy writers
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
Women writers of young adult literature
German women novelists
20th-century German novelists
21st-century German novelists
20th-century German women writers
21st-century German women writers
Rockin ' 50 's Rock'n'Roll is a rock and roll album by the Crickets . It was The Crickets ' first release in the 1970s , and marked the band 's embrace of their legacy as Buddy Holly 's backing band . The album is a concept album of nostalgia for the 1950s , consisting mostly of songs written by Holly and framed by the new retrospectively-minded title track . Originally released as an LP record in December 1970 , the album was re-released on CD by in 2000 .
Background
With the departure of bassist Joe B. Mauldin , and singer Jerry Naylor , who embarking on a career as a solo artist , the Crickets seemed to be on hiatus after their few releases in 1965 . The remaining members remained active in the music business . Guitarist [ Sonny Curtis ] and drummer [ J.I . Allison ] , billed as The Camps , Curtis recorded the novelty single `` The Ballad of Batman '' and `` Batmobile , '' on the Parkway label in 1965 . Allison and Curtis worked as session musicians , Allison toured with country singer Roger Miller for two years and Curtis released two solo records on the Viva label . Keyboardist Glen D. Hardin joined Elvis Presley 's TCB Band in 1969 .
The August 1968 single , `` A Million Dollar Movie '' ( Curtis ) and `` A Million Miles Apart '' ( Glen D. Hardin ) , was the only Crickets release of new material since early 1965 . The Crickets signed to Barnaby records , a subsidiary of CBS records founded by singer Andy Williams primarily to manage releases from the Cadence archive , the famed label of the Everly Brothers releases . ( Williams had enjoyed success with Cricket Sonny Curtis ' `` A Fool Never Learns '' and had recorded other Curtis songs including `` Walk Right Back . '' Additionally , Williams-Price Agency managed The Mary Tyler Moore Show , for which Sonny Curtis penned the theme song `` Love is All Around '' in summer 1970 . )
In 1970 , Curtis and Allison sang backing vocals on Eric Clapton 's first solo record , which was produced by Delaney Bramlett . Bramlett would produce the first two songs on Rockin ' 50s Rock'n'Roll with Clapton playing lead guitar .
The album proceeds like a concept album with all songs the fading into one another , like the Beatles ' album Sgt . Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band . The opening song `` Rockin ' 50s Rock'n'Roll '' serves as an overture stating the album 's theme of celebrating 1950s rock'n'roll music . It is reprised at the album 's closing . Aside from the opening song , the album consists of new versions of songs made famous by former bandmember Buddy Holly .
In this way , the album tapped into an emerging trend in Western popular culture of the 1970s of nostalgia for the 1950s , in which figures like Buddy Holly were iconic .
Sleeve
The album cover was designed by Bob Cato and Ira Friedlander . The rear of the record sleeve reprints a letter from the Beatles dated January 24 , 1963 in full :
Track listing
Personnel
The Crickets
Jerry Allison – drums , lead vocals ( track 2 ) , co-producer ( tracks 3–9 )
Sonny Curtis – guitar , lead vocals ( track 1 , 3–9 ) , co-producer ( tracks 3–9 )
Glen D. Hardin – piano , keyboards , arranger
Additional personnel
Doug Gilmore – co-producer ( tracks 3–9 )
Eric Clapton – lead guitar ( tracks 1–2 )
Delaney Bramlett – producer ( tracks 1–2 ) .
Richie Moore – engineer ( tracks 1,2 )
Bob Cato – design
Ira Friedlander – design
CBS Records – distributed By
Albert Hall Productions - produced for
Reception
Billboard called the album `` [ a ] must for those who remember ( the early fifties ) and those who wish they could . '' Critic Bruce Eder called it `` [ n ] ot a bad little album in its time '' and added that `` [ t ] here are pleasant surprises found throughout , both in the singing and the playing . ''
References
External links
1971 albums
The Crickets albums
Barnaby Records albums
Denzel Robert Valentine ( born November 16 , 1993 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Maine Celtics of the NBA G League . They played college basketball for the Michigan State Spartans . As a senior , Valentine became the first player in Michigan State history to be recognized as the National Player of the Year by the Associated Press . They also earned other player of the year awards from the NABC , USA Today , Sports Illustrated , NBC Sports , and Basketball Times in addition to being named a unanimous First-Team All-American . Valentine was selected with the 14th pick in the 2016 NBA Draft by the Chicago Bulls .
High school career
Valentine attended J. W. Sexton High School , where they were coached by their father , Carlton Valentine ( former Michigan State player ) , and played alongside future Michigan State teammate Bryn Forbes and Iowa basketball player Anthony Clemmons .
As a sophomore , Valentine averaged 10.9 points , 5.8 assists and 6.3 rebounds , leading Sexton to a state title game . They were awarded 2010 Class B honorable mention all-state .
Valentine averaged 14 points , 11 rebounds and nine assists per game as a senior , leading Sexton to a 27–1 record . They were selected as the Lansing State Journal Player of the Year and Associated Press Class B Player of the Year as a senior . As a recruit , Valentine was nationally ranked in the top 100 by Rivals.com ( no . 81 ) , ESPNU100 ( no . 98 ) , and Scout.com ( no . 27 ) .
College career
Following their successful first-year student year , Valentine was the recipient of MSU 's Unsung Player Award ( voted on by players ) . As a sophomore , they earned honorable-mention All-Big Ten ( Coaches and Media ) .
With Adreian Payne and Gary Harris leaving MSU for the NBA Draft , Keith Appling leaving due to graduation ( eventually to the NBA ) , the dismissal of Kenny Kaminski , and the transfer of Russell Byrd , Valentine saw an increase in leadership and an expanded role on the team as a junior . Before the season started , they were awarded one of the three captain spots . Perhaps one of Valentine 's most memorable moments came on Valentine 's Day 2015 , they hit the game winning shot in a matchup versus Ohio State and finished with 17 points . Their junior season saw them earn Orlando Classic All-Tournament Team ( averaging 19.3 points and 5.0 rebounds in three games ) , Third Team All-Big Ten , USBWA All-District V , and NCAA East Regional All-Tournament Team honors .
On November 17 , 2015 , the senior Valentine became the 4th player in Michigan State history to record a triple-double . They had 29 points , 12 rebounds and 12 assists in Michigan State 's 79-73 victory over the fourth-ranked Kansas Jayhawks . It was the first triple-double of the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . On December 21 , it was announced that Valentine would be sidelined for 2–3 weeks after they underwent an arthroscopic knee surgery . They returned on January 10 , 2016 .
They were named to the 35-man midseason watchlist for the Naismith Trophy on February 11 . On February 29 , they were named a semifinalist of the Oscar Robertson Trophy . Valentine was also a finalist for the John R. Wooden Award , the Adolph Rupp Trophy , Associated Press College Basketball Player of the Year , and the NABC Player of the Year .
Valentine finished the 2015–16 regular season averaging 19.5 points , 7.5 rebounds , and 7.5 assists as MSU finished in second place in the Big Ten . On March 8 , USA Today named Valentine National Player of the Year over Oklahoma 's Buddy Hield . The Big Ten also announced that Valentine was the Big Ten 's Player of the Year . On March 9 , Valentine was named to the Sporting News All-American Team .
Valentine 's senior year at Michigan State saw them ranked among the NCAA leaders when it came to three-point shooting . They accumulated many awards and won Michigan State 's first College Basketball Player of the Year Award since Draymond Green won the NABC Player of the Year in 2012 . Valentine shined during the Big Ten Tournament in Indianapolis , earning tournament Most Outstanding Player while winning Michigan State 's fifth championship . Valentine , along with Bryn Forbes , were selected to the NCAA College Basketball Three-Point Contest following their senior year . Valentine defeated their teammate in the first round of the competition when they rattled off 22 points compared to Forbes ' 10 . Valentine was eliminated from the competition in the semifinals when they hit 17 points , needing 23 to advance . Valentine 's senior year also proved very effective in raising their draft stock . Valentine went from being potentially undrafted to being seen as a potential lottery pick in the 2016 NBA draft .
Awards
University awards
George Alderton Male Athlete of the Year ( Michigan State University Athlete of the Year )
National Player of the Year awards
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame - Julius Erving Small Forward of the Year
AP – National Player of the Year
NABC – National Player of the Year
USA Today – National Player of the Year
NBC Sports – National Player of the Year
Sports Illustrated – National Player of the Year
College Sports Madness – National Player of the Year
Basketball Times – National Player of the Year
Senior CLASS Award Winner – Top Senior in the Nation
CollegeInsider.com – Lute Olson National Player of the Year
Julius Erving Award – Nations Top Small Forward
All-American awards
AP – 1st Team All-American
NABC – 1st Team All-American
CBS Sports – 1st Team All-American
USA Today – 1st Team All-American
NBC Sports – 1st Team All-American
College Sports Madness – 1st Team All-American
Bleacher Report – 1st Team All-American
ESPN – 1st Team All-American
USBWA – 1st Team All-American
Sporting News – 1st Team All-American
Sports Illustrated – 1st Team All-American
Sports On Earth – 1st Team All-American
Senior CLASS Award – 1st Team All-American
TSN – 1st Team All-American
VegasInsider.com – 1st Team All-American
CollegeInsider.com – Lute Olson All-American
Big Ten/Regional awards
CBS – Big Ten Player of the Year
CollegeInsider.com – Big Ten Player of the Year
AP – Big Ten Player of the Year
FOX – Big Ten Player of the Year
Bleacher Report – Big Ten Player of the Year
Big Ten Player of the Year ( Media )
Big Ten Player of the Year ( Coaches )
All-Big Ten 1st Team Media
All-Big Ten 1st Team Coaches
CBS – Big Ten 1st Team
Bleacher Report – All Big Ten 1st Team
Big Ten Tournament Most Outstanding Player Award
Big Ten 's All Tournament Team
USBWA – District V Player of the Year
USBWA – District V All 1st Team
Professional career
Chicago Bulls ( 2016–2021 )
On June 23 , 2016 , Valentine was selected by the Chicago Bulls with the 14th overall pick in the 2016 NBA draft . On July 16 , 2016 , they signed their rookie scale contract with the Bulls . Two days later , Valentine hit a turnaround jumper as time expired to lift the Bulls to an 84–82 overtime victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves in the Las Vegas Summer League championship game .
On January 2 , 2017 , Valentine , who had played just four total minutes in the previous seven games , played 18 minutes against the Charlotte Hornets and hit their first three three-pointers , finishing with a then season-high nine points . They exited with an ankle injury in the second half , as the Bulls went on to win 118–111 . On January 10 , 2017 , they posted career highs with 19 points and five three-pointers in a 101–99 loss to the Washington Wizards . On March 18 , 2017 , Valentine recorded their first career double-double with 11 points and 12 rebounds in a 95–86 win over the Utah Jazz . During their rookie season , Valentine received multiple assignments to the Windy City Bulls , Chicago 's D-League affiliate .
On November 26 , 2017 , Valentine had 14 points and career highs of 13 rebounds and seven assists in a 100–93 loss to the Miami Heat . On January 18 , 2018 , they scored 19 points against the Houston Rockets . Two days later , they scored a career-high 20 points in a 122–119 double-overtime win over the New York Knicks . On March 17 , 2018 , they hit eight 3-pointers and scored a career-best 34 points in a 114–109 loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers . On April 4 , 2018 , Valentine underwent arthroscopic debridement on their left knee , which ruled them out for the rest of the season .
In September 2018 , Valentine was diagnosed with a sprained left ankle during the team 's training camp and was expected to miss one to two weeks . However , in late October , the Bulls announced they were suffering from a bone bruise , not a sprain , and would miss an additional two weeks . On November 19 , after missing the first 17 games of the season , Valentine was diagnosed with ongoing ankle instability . Following a left ankle stabilization procedure on November 27 , they were ruled out for the season .
Cleveland Cavaliers ( 2021–2022 )
On September 22 , 2021 , Valentine signed with the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Utah Jazz ( 2022 )
On January 3 , 2022 , the Cavs traded Valentine to the New York Knicks as part of a three team deal that also included the Los Angeles Lakers . They were subsequently waived .
On January 10 , 2022 , Valentine signed a 10-day contract with the Utah Jazz .
Maine Celtics ( 2022–present )
On January 21 , 2022 , Valentine was acquired via waivers by the Maine Celtics .
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Chicago
| 57 || 0 || 17.1 || .354|| .351 || .778 || 2.6 || 1.1 || .5 || .1 || 5.1
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Chicago
| 77 || 37 || 27.2 || .417 || .386 || .745 || 5.1 || 3.2 || .8 || .1 || 10.2
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Chicago
| 36 || 5 || 13.6 || .409 || .336 || .750 || 2.1 || 1.2 || .7 || .2 || 6.8
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Chicago
| 62 || 3 || 16.7 || .373 || .331 || .941 || 3.2 || 1.7 || .5 || .1 || 6.5
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Cleveland
| 22 || 0 || 9.3 || .371 || .409 || || 1.7 || .5 || .3 || .0 || 2.9
|- class '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' |Career
| 254 || 45 || 18.9 || .393 || .360 || .787 || 3.4 || 1.8 || .6 || .1 || 7.0
Playoffs
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2017
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Chicago
| 4 || 0 || 5.5 || .333 || .250 || || 2.0 || .5 || .0 || .3 || 1.3
|- class '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' |Career
| 4 || 0 || 5.5 || .333 || .250 || || 2.0 || .5 || .0 || .3 || 1.3
College
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2012–13
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Michigan State
| 36 || 15 || 20.8 || .445 || .281 || .667 || 4.1 || 2.4 || .8 || .3 || 5.0
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2013–14
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Michigan State
| 38 || 33 || 29.4 || .408 || .377 || .677 || 6.0 || 3.8 || 1.0 || .3 || 8.0
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2014–15
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Michigan State
| 39 || 39 || 33.2 || .443 || .416 || .826 || 6.3 || 4.3 || .9 || .2 || 14.5
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |2015–16
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |Michigan State
| 31 || 30 || 33.0 || .462 || .444 || .853 || 7.5 || 7.8 || 1.0 || .2 || 19.2
|- class '' sortbottom ''
| style= '' text-align : center ; '' colspan= '' 2 '' |Career
| 144 || 117 || 29.0 || .442 || .408 || .779 || 5.9 || 4.4 || .9 || .3 || 11.4
National team career
Valentine was a member of USA Basketball 's senior men 's national team at the 2015 Pan American Games which was held in Toronto , Ontario , Canada . The U.S. team captured the tournament 's bronze medal , with a 3–2 record The following year , Valentine joined the USA Basketball Select Team to train against the 2016 Rio Olympic team .
Personal life
Valentine is the son of Carlton and Kathy Valentine . Their older brother , Drew , played collegiate basketball for Oakland University , and is now the head coach at Loyola University in Chicago . Valentine considers fellow NBA player and Michigan State alumni Draymond Green `` like a big brother '' .
On April 7 , 2016 , Valentine and their coach at Michigan State , Tom Izzo , were featured as guests on Dancing With the Stars where they learned from Artem Chigvintsev and Edyta Sliwinska .
Valentine is also a rapper who released their first album in February 2021 .
References
External links
Michigan State Spartans bio
1993 births
Living people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
African-American basketball players
All-American college men 's basketball players
American men 's basketball players
Basketball players at the 2015 Pan American Games
Basketball players from Michigan
Big Ten Athlete of the Year winners
Chicago Bulls draft picks
Chicago Bulls players
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Maine Celtics players
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Michigan State Spartans men 's basketball players
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in basketball
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Lansing , Michigan
United States men 's national basketball team players
Utah Jazz players
Windy City Bulls players
21st-century African-American men
The fourth season of RuPaul 's Drag Race began airing on January 30 , 2012 , with cast members announced November 13 , 2011 . The winner of season four headlined Logo 's Drag Race Tour featuring Absolut Vodka , won a one-of-a-kind trip , a lifetime supply of NYX Cosmetics , and a cash prize of $ 100,000 .
Like the last season , Santino Rice and Billy B ( Billy Brasfield ) , celebrity makeup artist and star of the HGTV mini-series Hometown Renovation , shared the same seat at the judges table alternatively , Brasfield filling in for Rice when needed . Both judges appeared side-by-side in the audience during the `` Reunited '' episode .
The theme song playing during the runway every episode was `` Glamazon '' and the song played during the credits was `` The Beginning '' , both from RuPaul 's album Glamazon .
This is the first season in which a contestant , Willam Belli , was disqualified from the competition for breaking the rules and the second season in a row in which a contestant , Kenya Michaels , was brought back into the competition after having been eliminated in a prior episode .
The winner of the fourth season of RuPaul 's Drag Race was Sharon Needles , with Chad Michaels and Phi Phi O'Hara as runners-up , making it the first time in the show 's history to have two runners-up . The final also featured the first three-way lip-sync battle , instead of the usual two competitors . It was the first season in which the winner was not crowned in the studio but during the `` Reunited '' episode , which was filmed in front of an audience . This was also the first time three versions of the finale were filmed with each Top 3 contestant being crowned to prevent spoilers , this came after Raja winning Season 3 was leaked by Perez Hilton in 2011 .
Contestants
Ages , names , and cities stated are at time of filming .
Contestant progress
Lip syncs
The contestant was eliminated after their first time in the bottom two .
The contestant was eliminated after their second time in the bottom two .
The contestant was eliminated after their third time in the bottom two .
Guest judges
Listed in chronological order :
Elvira , Mistress of the Dark , actor and television hostess
Mike Ruiz , photographer
Rick Fox , professional basketball player
John Salley , professional basketball player
Amber Riley , actor and singer
Natalie Cole , actor , pianist , singer and songwriter
Nicole Sullivan , actor , comedian , voice artist
Max Mutchnick , television producer
Loretta Devine , actor
Ross Mathews , comedian and television personality
Kelly Osbourne , television host and comedian
Pauley Perrette , actor , singer , and writer
Regina King , actor
Pam Tillis , singer and songwriter
Lucian Piane , composer and music producer
Pamela Anderson , actor
Jennifer Tilly , actor
Dan Savage , author
Jeffrey Moran , Absolut Vodka marketing/branding executive
Jesse Tyler Ferguson , actor
Jennifer Love Hewitt , actor and singer
Rose McGowan , actor
Wynonna Judd , actor and singer
Episodes
< onlyinclude > { { Episode table
|background = # A683EE |overall=5 |season = 5 |title = 23 |airdate = 16 |episodes =
{ { Episode list/sublist|RuPaul 's Drag Race ( season 4 )
|EpisodeNumber=45
|EpisodeNumber2=8
|Title=Frenemies
|OriginalAirDate=
| ShortSummary = For the mini-challenge , the queens must take a polygraph test . Based on these results , the queens are then paired up for the main challenge , which they must sing live in a duet . Chad Michaels and DiDa Ritz are paired up . Latrice Royale and Willam are paired up . Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles are paired up .
On the runway . Latrice Royale and Willam win the challenge . Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles are the bottom two and lip-sync to `` It 's Raining Men ( The Sequel ) '' Performed by Martha Wash and RuPaul . After the lip sync , RuPaul calls Willam to the front of the stage , saying that they have broken the rules , and will be disqualified immediately . Because of this disqualification , Phi Phi and Sharon both survive the lip sync and remain in the competition .
Guest Judges : Lucian Piane , Pamela Anderson , and Jennifer Tilly
Mini-Challenge : Polygraph test administered by RuPaul
Mini-Challenge Winner : N/A
Main Challenge : Live singing duet ; the six remaining contestants were paired into three teams ( duets ) and sing `` So Much Better Than You ''
Challenge Winner : Latrice Royale and Willam
Bottom Two : Phi Phi O'Hara and Sharon Needles
Lip Sync Song : `` It 's Raining Men ( The Sequel ) '' Performed by Martha Wash and RuPaul
< span style= '' color : brown '' > Disqualified : Willam < /span >
Farewell Message : ' `` Hi , I showed my ass ( a lot ) so here 's one for the road . Willam . '' ( with a butt print on the mirror . )
| LineColor = A683EE
} }
} } < /onlyinclude >
Marketing
In January 2012 , Logo released the second running of Fantasy Drag Race , an online fan contest inspired by fantasy football where viewers assemble a team of three season four Drag Race contestants . Players receive and lose points based on their team 's performance on the show , and can earn additional points by redeeming codes and performing tasks given out when episodes of the show first air . The highest scoring players receive Drag Race and NYX Cosmetics products , and one player wins a trip for two to the first stop on Logo 's Drag Race Tour .
Already having a generous social media presence , Logo expanded its efforts across Facebook , Twitter , Tumblr , GetGlue , and Foursquare in preparation for the premiere of season four . Both RuPaul and contestants tweet live while the show airs , and LogoTalk ! chat parties ( featuring judges , contestants from previous seasons , and contestants from season four ) occur on the official Logo website while participants watch new episodes . Season four specifically marks an increased interest from Logo in Tumblr , where the network publishes animated GIFs , contestant trading cards , and images that incorporate internet memes . Dan Sacher , VP of digital for VH1 and Logo , has stated that their online marketing efforts are part of helping the small network expand their fan base across as many outlets as possible .
Reception
The premiere episode of season four averaged a 0.6 rating in the 18-49 demographic , totaling 481,000 viewers , and ranked as the highest-rated premiere in Logo 's network history . Untucked '' totalled 254,000 viewers , marking the companion show 's most watched debut . During the evening of the premiere , the show registered eight US trending topics on Twitter ( including Jiggly Caliente , Sharon Needles , Phi Phi O'Hara , and Latrice Royale ) and reached a 7th place ranking on Trendrr . Leading up to the first episode , the show 's Facebook page saw an 89 % increase ( earning over half a million fans ) .
The season finale scored a 0.7 rating in the 18-49 demographic and drew 601,000 viewers total , while the reunion episode became the highest rated episode of the season . Season four 's `` RuPaul 's Drag Race : Reunited '' was also the highest-rated reunion in the franchise 's history , seeing a 33 % increase in the 18-49 demographic compared to season three . The reunion registered five trending topics on Twitter ( including Sharon Needles , Phi Phi , Willam , and a new portmanteau Willam introduced to the show : `` RuPaulogize '' ) , and ranked 4th among non-sports cable programs for the night on Trendrr .
During season 4 , the show 's Twitter following increased by 77 % , and the Facebook page accrued a 36 % increase in likes . TV.com also declared it was the best reality show on television .
References
External links
( U.S . )
Official website ( Canada )
Official Facebook page
2012 American television seasons
RuPaul 's Drag Race seasons
2012 in LGBT history
de : RuPaul 's Drag Race
The Archives and Records Association ( ARA ) is the principal professional body for archivists , archive conservators and records managers in the UK and Ireland . The Archives and Records Association ( ARA , UK & Ireland ) came into existence on 1 June 2010 and is the result of a merger of the National Council on Archives ( NCA ) and the Association of Chief Archivists in Local Government ( ACALG ) with the Society of Archivists ( SoA ) . It is a member of the International Council on Archives .
Aims
The principal aims of the ARA are : to promote the care and preservation of archives and the better administration of archive repositories ; to advance the training of its members ; and to encourage relevant research and publication . It achieves these aims through the work of its council and its various Committees , Groups and Regions , and through its role as the voice of the three professions . The association advises , submits evidence and makes comment on matters of professional concern to people or organisations whose activities affect archives and records .
Membership
The association has over two thousand members , mainly made up of professional archivists , records managers , archive conservators and digital curators from all the different types of organisations that employ such professionals . Through an affiliate membership scheme , those who work at a paraprofessional level or who are generally interested in the work of the association and its members can join . There is also a student membership option for those who are studying for a professional qualification in archives , records management or archive conservation .
Structure
The association is managed by a Council , which is partially elected every two years , along with a number of committees and sub-committees relating to specific areas of business .
The membership is divided into eleven regions that span the whole of the UK and Ireland , each with their own regional committee . The regional group covering Ireland ( both the Republic and Northern Ireland ) has a semi-autonomous status as the Archives and Records Association , Ireland .
Seven special interest groups also exist within the organisation 's structure , representing members ' different employment backgrounds and/or concerns .
The association has an office in Taunton , Somerset , which deals with the day-to-day administration of the organisation .
Publications and outreach
A biannual publication entitled Archives and Records : The Journal of the Archives and Records Association , which covers professional issues , is produced for the association 's members . The journal was previously known as the Journal of the Society of Archivists , and this title was retained until 2012 : the current title was first used for volume 34 , published in 2013 . The association also publishes a monthly newsletter , called ARC Magazine ( Archives , Records management , Conservation ) , and a fortnightly recruitment supplement called ARC Recruitment containing job and voluntary placement opportunities . Periodically more in depth guides on particular types of records or professional issues are produced and made available for members to purchase .
Training
In terms of professional training for archives and records management , the ARA accredits externally provided postgraduate diploma/degree programmes , of which there are currently six ; three in England and one each in Wales , Scotland and Ireland .
For Archive Conservation , the association runs a Certificate in Archive Conservation as an in-service scheme restricted to members only . It is also involved in the Professional Accreditation of Conservator-Restorers ( PAC-R ) scheme .
Other training events for members are organised by the Regional committees or Special Interest Groups of the association and co-ordinated by the association 's Training Officer .
The association 's Registration Scheme acts as a formal process of continued professional development . A register was first established in 1987 , initially with a clause allowing professional members to be accepted automatically if they had been working in a recognised post for at least two years : this clause has now been closed and full completion of the present scheme , introduced in 1996 , is now the only way to become a Registered Member of the association . Those who complete the registration scheme are entitled to use the post-nominals RMARA ( Registered Member Archives and Records Association ) .
See also
Archives and Records Association , Ireland
Information and Records Management Society
References
External links
Archivist associations
Library-related professional associations
2010 establishments in the United Kingdom
2010 establishments in Ireland
Organizations established in 2010
Organisations based in Taunton
History organisations based in the United Kingdom
The Sri Lanka cricket team toured India in January 2020 to play three Twenty20 International ( T20I ) matches . Originally , Zimbabwe were scheduled to tour India . However , on 25 September 2019 , the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) cancelled the Zimbabwe series following the International Cricket Council 's ( ICC ) suspension of Zimbabwe Cricket . Sri Lanka were confirmed as their replacement for the tour . All of the formats , venues and dates remained the same . India won the series 3–0 .
Squads
T20I series
1st T20I
2nd T20I
3rd T20I
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2020 in Indian cricket
2020 in Sri Lankan cricket
International cricket competitions in 2019–20
Sri Lankan cricket tours of India
E8 may refer to :
Mathematics
E8 , an exceptional simple Lie group with root lattice of rank 8
E8 lattice , special lattice in R8
E8 manifold , mathematical object with no smooth structure or topological triangulation
E8 polytope , alternate name for the 421 semiregular ( uniform ) polytope
Elementary abelian group of order 8
Physics
E8 Theory , term sometimes loosely used to refer to An Exceptionally Simple Theory of Everything
Transport
E-8 Joint STARS , USAF command and control aircraft
EMD E8 , 1949 diesel passenger train locomotive
European route E8 , part of the international E-road network , running between Tromsø , Norway and Turku , Finland
European walking route E8 , a walking route from Ireland to Turkey
HMS E8 , 1912 British E class submarine
London Buses route E8 , runs between Ealing Broadway station and Brentford
Mikoyan-Gurevich Ye-8 , 1962 supersonic jet fighter developed in the Soviet Union
E8 , IATA code for the former Alpi Eagles airline
E8 , IATA code for City Airways
Spyker E8 , Spyker Cars model
Hokuriku Expressway , route E8 in Japan
East Coast Expressway and Kuala Lumpur–Karak Expressway , route E8 in Malaysia
E8 Series Shinkansen , a Japanese high-speed train to be introduced in 2024
Other uses
Empire 8 , intercollegiate athletic conference affiliated with the NCAA 's Division III
E-8 ( rank ) , an enlisted rank in the military of the United States
E8 , baseball scorekeeping abbreviation for an error on the center fielder
E8 , postcode district in the London E postcode area
See also
8E ( disambiguation )
North Little Rock School District ( NLRSD ) is a public school district headquartered in North Little Rock , Arkansas , United States .
History
LRSD vs. PCSSD ( desegregation )
The three school districts within the county—Little Rock School District ( LRSD ) , North Little Rock School District ( NLRSD ) , and Pulaski County Special School District ( PCSSD ) —have been involved in a desegregation case that the courts determined were unconstitutionally segregated and placed under court supervision since 1982 . After numerous actions were satisfied , including incorporating those schools within the City of Little Rock boundaries to be unitary with the LRSD , those actions led to the annexation of J . A . Fair High School from PCSSD to LRSD in 1987 . In 2007 , the courts determined that all actions by LRSD were completed and that court supervision continues until NLRSD and PCSSD actions are completed .
Schools
High school
The district has one high school , North Little Rock High School , which has grades 9–12 .
In the school year ( 2016-2017 ) the North Little Rock School district opened a new facility for all students 9–12 .
Middle schools
North Little Rock Middle School
Elementary schools
Amboy
Boone Park
Crestwood
Glenview
Indian Hills
Lakewood
Meadow Park
Ridge Road
Seventh Street
Pike View Early Childhood Center
Former schools
Scipio Jones High School , the segregated public school for black children , was established in 1909 and disestablished in 1970 .
Belwood ( Closed )
North Heights ( Closed )
Park Hill ( Closed )
Redwood ( No longer a school )
Pre-Kindergarten schools
Pike View Early Childhood Center
School uniforms
All K-8 students and students at NLR Academy are required to wear school uniforms .
References
External links
North Little Rock , Arkansas
Education in Pulaski County , Arkansas
School districts in Arkansas
Rosemary Morris is a British historian specializing in Byzantium , and a translator from French to English of historical books on a broad range of topics . Morris taught medieval history at the University of Manchester from 1974 to 2003 , and subsequently became a visiting fellow at the University of York .
They were chair of the Society for the Promotion of Byzantine Studies from 2008 to 2012 .
Books
Morris is the author of :
The Hypotyposis of the Monastery of the Theotokos Evergetis , Constantinople ( 11th—12th Centuries ) ( with R. H. Jordan , Ashgate , 2012 )
Monks and Laymen in Byzantium , 843–1118 ( Cambridge University Press , 1995 )
The Character of King Arthur in Medieval Literature ( Rowman & Littlefield , 1982 )
They are also the translator into English of :
Cannibals : The Discovery and Representation of the Cannibal from Columbus to Jules Verne ( Frank Lestringant , University of California Press , 1997 )
The Westernization of the World : The Significance , Scope and Limits of the Drive Towards Global Uniformity ( Serge Latouche , Polity Press , 1996 )
Subversive Words : Public Opinion in Eighteenth-Century France ( Arlette Farge , Pennsylvania State University Press , 1994 )
Voluntary Death in Japan ( Maurice Pinguet , Polity Press , 1993 )
History of Childbirth : Fertility , Pregnancy , and Birth in Early Modern Europe ( Jacques Gélis , Northeastern University Press , 1991 )
The Body and Surgery in the Middle Ages ( Marie-Christine Pouchelle , Rutgers University Press , 1990 )
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
British women historians
20th-century British historians
21st-century British historians
20th-century British women writers
21st-century British women writers
Academics of the University of Manchester
British Byzantinists
Women Byzantinists
Scholars of Byzantine history
French–English translators
Pedro Agramunt Font de Mora ( born 12 September 1951 ) is a Spanish and European politician . Agramunt is from Valencia and has served as a member of the Senate of Spain since 2008 . They had previously represented Valencia Province in the Spanish Congress of Deputies from 1989 to 1991 and in the Corts Valencianes , the Valencian regional parliament , from 1991 to 1994 . They are a prominent member of the People 's Party ( Spain ) . They have also been a Chairman of the European People 's Party since January 2016 and is active in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe , being president until their resignation on 6 October 2017 .
Agramunt is an advocate for further European integration , and has spoken in favour of supporting Ukraine .
Education and personal life
According to their official biography , Agramunt holds a degree in law from the University of Valencia . Agramunt 's biography also says that they graduated from the Instituto de Estudios Superiores de la Empresa ( IESE ) in Barcelona , having studied Management Development ( 1980 ) .
Agramunt has been married since 1979 and has two children .
Controversy
Although Agramunt has a low profile in non-Spanish media , they are the focus of significant controversy , as they are the rapporteur of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe on political prisoners in Azerbaijan . Human rights activists have criticized Agramunt for their proximity to the regime in Azerbaijan , and have highlighted that they have done little to highlight numerous violations of human rights . Leyla Yunus , one of the Azerbaijani human rights activists that had criticized Agramunt in June 2014 , has since been arrested , on charges that Human Rights Watch characterized as `` bogus '' .
In 2013 , the European Stability Initiative pressed for Agramunt to resign from their position as rapporteur , alleging that they had covered up systematic violations of Human rights in Azerbaijan . In 2017 in the report entitled “ The Azerbaijani Laundromat ” published by the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project as result of an investigative journalism , Agramunt was mentioned to be benefiting from Azerbaijani scheme of money laundering . Furthermore , they played a key role in rigging various votes at PACE in favour of Azerbaijan
On 28 April 2017 , after travelling to Syria to meet Bashar al-Assad , the Bureau of PACE said they are no longer authorized to undertake any official visits , attend meetings , or make public statements on behalf of the assembly in their capacity as president after a vote of no confidence on him .
Their partiality as a President of PACE was proven and they eventually resigned as the President of Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe on October 6 , 2017 .
References
1951 births
People 's Party ( Spain ) politicians
Living people
Members of the Senate of Spain
People from Valencia
Members of the 4th Congress of Deputies ( Spain )
University of Valencia alumni
Members of the 3rd Corts Valencianes
Members of the 4th Corts Valencianes
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1983 :
1983
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1983 at HKcinemamagic.com
1983
Lists of 1983 films by country or language
1983 in Hong Kong
Grove Park is a public park in Birmingham , England , created in 1963 and managed by Birmingham City Council . It lies on the Westerly side of Harborne Park Road , which forms part of the A4040 road .
History
The park was historically the grounds of The Grove , an 18th-century Georgian house .
One of Birmingham 's first MPs , Thomas Attwood , lived at The Grove between 1823 and 1846 . Attwood is immortalised in a bronze statue which is sat on the steps of Chamberlain Square .
The house was rebuilt in 1877–78 , by John Henry Chamberlain for William Kenrick , a prominent Birmingham business person and MP for Birmingham North . Kenrick died at The Grove , aged 88 in 1919 .
The house and grounds were bequeathed to Birmingham City Council , the house was demolished in 1963 , after which the grounds became a public space . A panelled anteroom of the drawing room at The Grove was saved from destruction and acquired by the Victoria and Albert Museum in London . The room was used to display Kendrick 's collection of blue and white ceramics .
References
Parks and open spaces in Birmingham , West Midlands
Harborne
Franz Gerhard Wegeler ( 22 August 1765 – 7 May 1848 ) was a German physician from Bonn , who , in their youth , was a close friend of composer Ludwig van Beethoven . They were the father of historian Julius Stephan Wegeler ( 1807-1883 ) .
Wegeler studied medicine at the Universities of Bonn and Vienna . After completing their studies in Austria , they returned to Bonn , where they became a tenured professor of legal medicine and obstetrics ( 1789 ) . In 1794 , they fled Bonn during the French Revolutionary Wars , returning to Vienna , where they renewed their friendship with Beethoven . After spending two years in Vienna , they moved back to Bonn as an instructor and a general practitioner of medicine .
In 1802 , they married Eleonore von Breuning , the daughter of Helene von Breuning , a former piano student and 'first love ' of Beethoven . The marriage had four children . The descendants include Helena Josepha Theresia ( 1803-1832 ) and Julius Stephan Wegeler ( 1807-1883 ) .
In 1807 , they relocated to Koblenz , where they joined the Prussian civil service and attained several prestigious awards .
Wegeler was a Freemason ; Beethoven corresponded with them on the subject of Beethoven 's music ( not masonic music ) being used in lodge ceremonies . Beethoven offered to compose a better piece than they had heard was being used .
A distinguished physician , Wegeler is remembered for their 1838 biography of Beethoven ( Biographische Notizen über Ludwig van Beethoven ) , being published with composer Ferdinand Ries ( 1784-1838 ) eleven years after Beethoven 's death . Historians consider these memoirs to be an important and reliable source of information regarding the life of the great composer .
References
This article is based on a translation of an article from the German Wikipedia .
Beethoven and their Bonn Circle of Friends . Selected Objects from the Wegeler Collection
German biographers
Male biographers
German obstetricians
18th-century German physicians
1765 births
1848 deaths
University of Bonn alumni
University of Bonn faculty
German male non-fiction writers
German Freemasons
18th-century German male writers
Baby Bio is the brand name for a range of house plant and , more recently , outdoor plant care products created by Pan Britannica Industries Ltd ( PBI ) and marketed by Bayer .
History
The most popular and first Baby Bio product was a house plant feed , or fertilizer , which is a dark brown concentrate that must be diluted with water before use . Coming in a bottle styled after an old fashioned perfume bottle , it contains Nitrogen , Phosphorus and Potassium , ensuring that the plant receives the necessary macronutrients . Baby Bio is a very popular house plant feed in the UK and can be used all year round , even on Bonsai plants , with the text on the bottle promising greener leaves and vibrant colours . Part of the popularity of the brand in the UK arose from the major success of Dr Hessayon 's series of Expert books , which also came from PBI starting in 1958 .
As well as concentrate bottles of Baby Bio , it has now been produced in ready dilute spray and 1 litre bottles that contain pesticides too , 'Roota ' , a rooting hormone and fungicide solution designed to be used on the roots of plant cuttings , and leaf wipes for cleaning house plant leaves . An orchid feed is available which comes in the same bottle as the original Baby Bio except the liquid and design has a pink theme . The concentrated liquid fertilizer is exactly half of what can be found in the traditional bottle .
Baby Bio is also often used in biology experimentation when studying algal growth .
References
Fertiliser companies of the United Kingdom
English brands
This is a list of villages in Bhagwanpur block , Vaishali district , Bihar state , India .
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Bhagwanpur
Presidential elections were held in Kazakhstan on 4 December 2005 . Incumbent President Nursultan Nazarbayev , in power since 1989 , sought and won a 3rd term against four other candidates . Opposition candidates were allowed some access to the mass media , but this was still restricted . According to western election observers , opposition candidates also suffered considerable harassment . The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) criticized the elections , calling them unfair , but noted improvements .
Background
On 22 June 2000 , the Constitutional Council ruled that the President Nursultan Nazarbayev who was reelected in 1999 for second term , was in fact serving their first term due to the newly adopted Kazakhstan Constitution in 1995 , which happened before their reelection bid . As a result , Nazarbayev was eligible to run for de facto third term .
Prominent Kazakh official , Zharmakhan Tuyakbay , resigned as the Chair of the Mazhilis on 14 October 2004 after accusing the government of rigging the 2004 legislative elections . The following month , they joined the opposition by becoming the chairperson of the Coordinating Council of Democratic Forces of Kazakhstan on 23 November 2004 where they worked in drafting the new Kazakh Constitution . On 20 March 2005 , Tuyakbay became the chairperson of newly created political movement bloc For a Just Kazakhstan and was nominated as candidate for the election which was supposed to be held in December 2006 . However in June 2005 , it was announced that a snap election would be held in December 2005 .
Zamanbek Nurkadilov , described as the leading figure of the opposition , was unable to take part , having died shortly before the election . A former mayor of Almaty and government minister , Nurkadilov had joined the opposition . They were found shot dead in November , shortly after reportedly saying that they would go public with documents proving government corruption . Near their body was `` a pillow pierced by bullets that may have been used as a silencer '' . The official cause of death was presented as suicide , with a report stating that Nurkadilov had shot themselves twice in the chest and then once in the head .
Electoral system
The President of Kazakhstan is elected using the two-round system ; if no candidate receives a majority of the vote in the first round , a second round is held between the top two candidates .
Procedure
On 19 August 2005 , the Constitutional Council ruled that the 2005 presidential elections must be held on the first Sunday of December 2005 and on 7 September 2005 , the Mazhilis adopted a resolution , setting the election day for 4 December .
On 9 September 2005 , President Nursultan Nazarbayev signed a decree `` On Measures on Realization of Election Rights of Citizens of the Republic of Kazakhstan '' to which it instructed various state authorities to ensure free , fair and competitive elections .
Candidates
Registered
Registration of candidates was held between 3 and 24 October 2005 . The Central Election Commission ( OSK ) received 72 submissions from the prosecution bodies on violations of the legislation , which along with petitions of citizens resulted in the re-examination the candidates ' signatures . Based on the results of investigation , the CEC issued an official statement on violations of the law of the country during collection of signatures in the support to the candidates .
The following five candidates were registered to the OSK :
Nursultan Nazarbayev , incumbent President of Kazakhstan from the Otan — registered 7 October 2005
Zharmakhan Tuyakbay , former Mazhilis Chair , chairperson and nominee for the For a Just Kazakhstan Bloc ( EQU ) — registered 15 October 2005
Mels Eleusizov , ecologist , environmental activist , chairperson of Tabığat , self-nominated — registered 21 October 2005
Erasyl Abilqasymov , physician , member of the Mazhilis from the Communist People 's Party of Kazakhstan ( QHKP ) — registered 23 October 2005
Alikhan Baimenov , former Labour and Social Protection of the Population Minister , former Presidential Administration and Prime Minister 's Office head , from the Ak Zhol Democratic Party ( AJ ) — registered 23 October 2005
Denied
On 24 October 2005 , due to the failure to submit the necessary documents , the following applicants were refused registration as candidates for the Presidency :
Kärışal Asan-Ata
Amantai Asylbek
Jaqsybai Bäzılbaev
Uälihan Qaisarov
Maqsutu Orazaiu
Sälım Ötenu
Baltabai Raqymjanov
Mekemtas Tıleulesov
Failed
Prior to that , registration was denied to applicants who did not meet the requirements of the Constitution of Kazakhstan for candidates :
Satyşuly Jambulov
Orazaly Sakaev
Results
Overall
Reactions
Onalsyn Zhumabekov , Chairman of Kazakhstan 's Central Election Commission , declared the election valid . About 1,600 observers monitored the election , including 465 from the influential Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ) .
Bruce George , coordinator for observers from the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe , was highly critical of the election : `` Regrettably , despite some efforts which were undertaken to improve the process , the authorities did not exhibit sufficient political will to hold a genuinely good election . ''
The OSCE has gone on record noting the following issues with the election `` Unauthorized persons interfering in polling stations , cases of multiple voting , ballot box stuffing and pressure on students to vote were observed during voting and during the count , observers saw tampering with result protocols and a wide range of procedural violations . ''
Nazarbayev 's main challenger , Zharmakhan Tuyakbay , refused to concede the race . They called for the Supreme Court of Kazakhstan to annul the election results by alleged voter fraud that was committed by the Central Election Commission . However the court found no violations and as result , Tuyakbay 's claims were dismissed on 23 December 2005 .
References
Kazakhstan
Presidential
Presidential elections in Kazakhstan
Kim Eun-sun may refer to :
Kim Eun-sun ( footballer ) ( born 1988 ) , South Korean footballer
Kim Eun-sun ( conductor ) ( born 1980 ) , South Korean conductor and music director
Pablo Goldstein is an Argentine American musician and music therapist . They are a skilled player of a wide range of instruments , such as various types of flutes , accordion , piano , pipe organ , balalaika and acoustic guitar .
They were born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , on February 3 , 1950 . Apart from their native Spanish , they are fluent in English and Hebrew . Their accomplishments appear in the 1998 edition of the Encyclopedia of Venezuelan Music .
They obtained their teaching credentials in 1966 at the Escuela Normal de Profesores `` Mariano Acosta '' . They studied music at the `` Carlos L. Buchardo '' national music school , as well as the Teatro Colón school of art . They studied harmony and composition under renowned artists such as Carlos L. Puccio and Vivian Tabbush , and electroacoustic music under Adalberto Levy Amra , Javier Raskowan and Jesús Querales .
They obtained their Music Therapy degree from Universidad del Salvador in Buenos Aires in 1971 . They obtained a master 's degree in Music Therapy , alongside a master 's degree in Benenzon Nonverbal Therapy , and a BA and later master 's degree in Music Therapy validated by California University FCE . In 2012 , they revalidated their Music Therapy degree in the Medical School department at Universidad del Salvador . Goldstein has been recognized as the first male music therapist to graduate in Latin America . Shortly after graduating from USAL , they worked as a teaching assistant to Antonio Yepez in their lectures for the subject Instrumental Techniques and left for Venezuela , where they settled down in 1974 .
Time in South America
They lived in Venezuela for 25 years ( 1975 - 2000 ) , where they filled , among others , the position of music therapist and coordinator of a radio show run by FAJO ( a therapeutic community for drug-abusing youths ) ; asAs a Music Therapy teacher at the postgraduate Psychiatry school at El Peñón hospital ; as music therapist for adults with communication problems at the Instituto de la Familia , and as a consultant to former Education Minister Luis Manuel Peñalver in the Special Education division , where Goldstein was in charge of creating and supervising music programs for Special Ed children and teenagers throughout Venezuela . They also founded AVEMUS , the Venezuelan Music Therapy Associaction , and was its first president and representative in international music therapy forums . In addition , they worked as a music therapist at the `` Monseñor de Talavera '' school for special needs children in Venezuela , which focuses on autistic children , children with Down syndrome and children with learning disabilities . They were a Music Therapy teacher at the university of the same name , as well as the prestigious AVEPANE institute . They were a guest teacher at universities such as UCAB and Simón Bolivar University , as well as colleges and universities throughout the country , such as UNELLEZ and Cecilio Acosta University , in Maracaibo . They gave two seminars at Pontificia Universidad Javeriana in Bogotá and a seminar on rhythm and interpretation for the National Colombian Army Military Band .
Two of their symphonic poems and a tango for chamber orchestras they composed were performed by Venezuela 's Municipal Symphonic Orchestra in 1999 . Goldstein was also a member of the Caracas Municipal Symphony Orchestra , which they had the honour to conduct at several popular music concerts and private and church events . In 2000 , Goldstein won the Venezuela Music Award in music composition for cinema and documentaries , which was awarded by the national television broadcaster in Venezuela .
Time in Los Angeles
While living in California , Goldstein worked as a music therapist at the Senior Services area of the International Institute of ( 2007-2009 ) ; as a music therapist and accordion teacher at the San Fernando Music School ( 2005–2011 ) and as a coordinator for an investigation project regarding pre-surgery relaxation through music at the Clínica Médica General in Los Ángeles , led by Daniel S. Dunkelman , MD ( 2000–2008 ) .
As a musician , Goldstein played the bass balalaika in the Los Angeles Balalaika Orchestra under the direction of soloist Irina Orlova . They led the Latin American Chamber Music and Tango project at UCLA . ( 2008–2012 ) , resulting in the creation of Los Angeles del Tango , a music group that , to this day , showcasing these musical genres in concerts , performances and as accompanying music for dancers . Goldstein was also the musical director of the Jewish Theatre of Hollywood , teacher and guest performer at the Rondalla de Capistrano , Orange County , and served as kapellmeister in several synagogues in Southern California .
In 2011 , Pablo Goldstein , alongside poet Karina Galvez and painter Luis Burgos Flor , was one of the only three non-Mexican artists to be invited to commemorate the 125th anniversary of the opening of the Mexican Consulate General in Los Angeles , where they performed Franz Schubert 's Ave Maria ( Schubert ) and several tango pieces for bandoneón adapted to be played with an accordion . They took part in recording sessions with Craig Taubman , Theodor Bikel , Michael Stein , Hugo Waizinger , María Escudero , Dino Saluzzi , Víctor Heredia , Cristina Plate and Miguel Abuelo , among others .
Return to Buenos Aires
Back in Buenos Aires , they worked as a music therapist for psychotic patients at the Instituto de Psicoterapia run by Dr. Curi in Vicente Lopez ; they fulfilled the same role at the Instituto Red de Vida in Palermo , where they worked with young patients with different types of addictions . They opened their private working space in 2014 . That same year , they were hired by Universidad Maimónides to teach Rhythm at the Phys . Ed . department and by USAL to teach as part of the Music Therapy curriculum .
In 2015 , they presented a project aimed at Prevention in Music Therapy called Música en Modo Mayor para la Tercera Edad , which was approved and took place in the Casa Rodolfo Walsh arts centre . It was sponsored by the government of the City of Buenos Aires through its patronage program . Goldstein 's project , which was realized in the lapse of a year and a half , consisted of weekly sessions and monthly open shows , each of which had over 150 people in attendance .
As an accordion and flute player , they were part of the Regional Slavic Music Orchestra of the Bieinsky under the direction of Sasha Dunaev . Along some members of this group and over the following years , they played as accompaniment for tenor Victor Betinotti and soprano Liliana Vigo Lima . Nowadays , they are part of the Viejos Amigos quintet , which they founded ; they are joined by vocal soloist Mónica Korngold and Kike Guerra ( bass ) , Ricardo Sagastizábal ( guitar and Latin American string instruments ) and Carlos Fradkin ( percussion ) ; Goldstein plays the transverse flute , the Indian flute and the accordion .
Their current solo project is Musicoterapia Plus , a Music Therapy and supervision institute , where they see both private patients and referrals from private and public healthcare providers .
References
External links
http : //www.cufce.org
http : //www.fundacionbenenzon.org/inicio
1950 births
Living people
Argentine Jews
Jewish Argentine musicians
Musicians from Buenos Aires
The Jalan Baru Sri Muniswarar Temple is a Hindu temple in Jalan Baru , Prai , Penang , Malaysia . The temple is dedicated to , Muniswarar . This temple was one of the most famous temples in Malaysia . Today , Shree Muniswarar Temple is most famous for blessing newly purchased cars . It attracts a constant stream of car owners , including many Chinese and non Hindus , to have their cars blessed by the temple priest .
History
The temple was established in the 1870s by a group of Indian immigrants working with the East India Company . The temple was known as Sri Muniandy Temple when it was started . Later the name of the temple was changed to Sri Muniswarar Temple . Initially the temple was only a small attap hut , no cement floor and other facilities , such as piped water and electricity . The temple became famous among the Hindu devotees in Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia , Thailand , Myanmar , Bangladesh , Cambodia , Japan and India as well as Hindu devotees residing in Australia , Britain , Canada and US . The temple is patronised by many nationalities and religions especially the Hindus , Buddhists , Christians , Sikhs and others . Many Chinese devotees too patronise this temple . The deities at the temple are well known for protection , justice , truth and benevolence .
The deities at the Main Altar are Lord Sri Muniswarar Sri Ganesha and Lord Muruga . In front of the Main Altar stands Lord Muniandy majestically with an `` Arwaal '' ( Sword ) in one hand . There two white horses beside him , one on the right and another on the left . There is also a dog . It is believed that they used to roam the areas at night after midnight on their white horse with an `` Aravaal '' and a cigar in their mouth , a turban on their head and attired like an ancient Indian prince . Many devotees who are gifted have seen their apparition , and one among them was a Chinese who saw them entering the temple compound on a white horse in full white Indian attire and was astounded by what they saw . After witnessing such an incident , the said Chinese assisted financially to build a small altar on the present site . The devotees whose vows are fulfilled make offerings or poojas according to their means . Some will offer `` prasatham '' , some offers live cockerel or goats , others sacrifice goats or cockerel and perform `` padayal '' . The non-vegetarian pooja/padayal is offered to `` Lord Muniandy '' .
A book has also been written recently by a Singapore writer highlighting the growing importance of the deities . Those who bring their vehicles to the temple for blessing are given protection from accident and other incidents . Apart from Indians , many Chinese devotees bring their new and old cars to be blessed at the Temple . They also sacrifice goats and cockerel when their vows are fulfilled especially matters related business , health , children education and so forth .
See also
List of Hindu temples in Malaysia
References
Hindu temples in Malaysia
Religious buildings and structures in Penang
Oley may refer to :
People
Barnabas Oley ( 1602–1686 ) , English churchman and academic
Johann Christoph Oley ( 1738–1789 ) , German organist and composer
Places
Oley Valley , Pennsylvania
Oley Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania
Oley , Pennsylvania , a census-designated place within this township
Other
OleY , acronym for L-olivosyl-oleandolide 3-O-methyltransferase , an enzyme
Oley , a car brand
László Lempert ( 4 June 1952 , in Budapest ) is a Hungarian-American mathematician , working in the analysis of multiple complex variables . They proved that the Carathéodory and Kobayashi distances agree on convex domains . They further proved that a compact , strictly pseudoconvex real analytic hypersurface can be embedded into the unit sphere of a Hilbert space .
Life
Lempert graduated from the Eötvös Loránd University in 1975 . They were at the Analysis Department of the same university ( 1977–1988 ) and is a professor of Purdue University since 1988 . They were a visiting research fellow at the Université de Paris VII ( 1979–1980 ) , visiting lecturer at the Princeton University ( 1984–1985 ) , and visiting professor at the Eötvös Loránd University ( 1994–1995 ) .
Degrees , awards
Lempert received the Candidate of the mathematical sciences degree from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences in 1984 . They were an invited session speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians , in Berkeley , California , 1986 . They won the Stefan Bergman Prize in 2001 . They were elected an external member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences ( 2004 ) . In 2012 they became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society .
References
External links
Lempert and Webster receive 2001 Bergman Prize , Notices of the American Mathematical Society , 48 ( 2001 ) , 998–999 .
1952 births
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
20th-century Hungarian mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
21st-century Hungarian mathematicians
Members of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
The Elliot Mansion ( now Elliot Hall or the Elliot Center ) is a historic house at 229 Main Street in Keene , New Hampshire . Built about 1810 , it was said to be the finest house in town at the time of its completion , and it remains a high quality example of Federal period architecture . The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 . It now houses facilities of Keene State College .
Description and history
Elliot Hall is located on the east side of the Keene State College campus , set well back from Main Street north of Wyman Street . It is a three-story brick structure covered by a low-pitch roof , and trimmed in granite . The main facade is symmetrical , with sash windows set in rectangular openings featuring stone sills and lintels . A stone beltcourse separates the first and second stories , and a course of brick corbelling separates the second and third floors . The main entrance is elaborate , with sidelights and an elliptical fanlight window , all sheltered by a portico with slender Ionic columns and turned balustrade . The interior has woodwork , paneling and wallpapering that appear to be original , although there have also been murals drawn on some of its walls by Barry Faulkner .
The house was built about 1810 by William Wyman , and was described as the `` finest house in town '' . Wyman , a Keene native , was said to have made their fortune at sea , and owned a store in the town center . Wyman died in 1811 ; the house was associated for many years with the Elliot family , who lived there from 1845 to about 1892 , when the building was converted for use as a hospital . It was acquired by Keene State College in 1972 ; it now houses a variety of student support offices .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County , New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1810
Houses in Cheshire County , New Hampshire
Buildings and structures in Keene , New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County , New Hampshire
Keene State College
Qeshlaq-e Ferunabad ( , also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ferūnābād ; also known as Ferūnābād and Forūnābād ) is a village in Ferunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 513 , in 125 families .
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
José Antonio McLoughlin ( born May 21 , 1969 ) is the seventh and current bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Western North Carolina , United States . After studies at Virginia Theological Seminary , they were ordained to the diaconate and priesthood in 2005 .
They were elected bishop on June 25 , 2016 , at special electing convention of the diocese at Trinity Church in Asheville . On October 1 , 2016 , Bishop McLoughlin was consecrated bishop by The Most Reverend Michael Curry ( bishop ) , 27th Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church , becoming the first bishop in Western North Carolina of Hispanic descent . The consecration was conducted at the Kimmel Arena located on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Asheville .
Early life
Bishop José was born May 21 , 1969 , in San Juan , Puerto Rico . When they were young , their family , including José , their brother and parents moved to Orlando , Florida .
José 's father , William Alexander McLoughlin , was born and raised in The Bronx . Their mother , Caridad Navarrete was born in Santiago de Cuba and left Cuba in 1961 .
Law enforcement career
After graduating from Oviedo High School , McLoughlin attended the University of Central Florida where they received a BA degree in Criminal Justice . After graduating , McLoughlin worked as a Sheriff 's Deputy in Orange County , Florida . After a few years in Florida , McLoughlin moved to Northern Virginia where they worked for the United States Department of Justice .
Religious career
After 13 years in criminal justice , McLoughlin enrolled at Virginia Theological Seminary . There they earned a Master of Divinity degree , and was ordained as a priest and a deacon in the Episcopal Church in 2005 . After graduating , McLoughlin served the Episcopal Diocese of Virginia and the Episcopal Diocese of Southeast Florida before becoming the Canon to the Ordinary & Chief of Staff for The Rt . Rev . Edward J. Konieczny in the Episcopal Diocese of Oklahoma in 2008 .
Election as bishop
On June 25 , 2016 , Canon McLoughlin was elected as the Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Western North Carolina .
The diocese contains 63 parishes , 6 summer chapels , a Diocesan School - Christ School ( North Carolina ) in Asheville ; A retirement community , Deerfield , Asheville ; 2 conference centers - Lake Logan , and Valle Crucis ; a thriving summer camp , Camp Henry , and over 15,000 members . The diocese is divided into six deaneries . Its cathedral is the Cathedral of All Souls in Asheville , located in Biltmore Village .
Personal
José and their wife Laurel have two children , Alex and Alyson . They are bilingual , enjoys music , playing the drums , and studying 18th century American history .
References
1969 births
Living people
Puerto Rican Episcopalians
People from San Juan , Puerto Rico
University of Central Florida alumni
Virginia Theological Seminary alumni
Episcopal bishops of Western North Carolina
Events in the year 1915 in Bulgaria .
Incumbents
Events
11 – 30 September – The mobilization of the Bulgarian Army on the eve of the Kingdom of Bulgaria 's entry into World War I took place .
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Godfrey John Boyle Chetwynd , 8th Viscount Chetwynd , CH ( 3 October 1863 – 22 March 1936 ) was a British peer and industrialist .
Chetwynd was the second son of Captain Henry Weyland Chetwynd ( 1829–1893 ; the third son of the 6th Viscount Chetwynd ) and their wife Julia Bosville Davidson ( d. 1901 ; a maternal granddaughter of the 3rd Baron Macdonald of Sleat ) . On 12 April 1893 , they married Baroness Hilda von Alvensleben-Rusteberg . They later divorced and on 10 February 1904 , they married Hon . Mary Eden ( the third daughter of the 4th Baron Auckland ) and they had three children , Adam Duncan ( 1904–1965 ) , John Julian ( 1906–1966 ) , and ( Mary Diana ) Eve ( 1908–1997 ) .
In 1911 , Chetwynd inherited their uncle 's titles . Between 1915 and 1919 , they were managing director of the National Shell Filling Factory No . 6 , Chilwell , Nottinghamshire , which they designed and built ; for which they were a made a Companion of Honour for their services to the war effort .
References
Haslam , M.J. ( Captain RAOC ) , ( 1982 ) . The Chilwell Story : 1915 – 1982 , VC Factory and Ordnance Depot . Nottingham : The RAOC Corps Gazette . .
1863 births
1936 deaths
Members of the Order of the Companions of Honour
Viscounts in the Peerage of Ireland
Kai Aareleid ( born 26 September 1972 in Tartu ) is an Estonian prose writer , poet and translator .
1991-1997 they studied stagecraft at Theatre Academy Helsinki and graduated from a master 's degree .
1996-2006 they worked as an administrative assistant at the British Council office in Tallinn .
2012-2017 they were an editor for the Loomingu Raamatukogu .
Works
2011 : novel `` Vene veri '' ( 'Russian Blood ' )
2012 : short story `` Tango ''
2015 : poetry collection `` Naised teel '' ( 'Women on the Road ' )
2015 : poetry collection `` Vihm ja vein '' ( 'Rain and Wine ' )
2016 : novel `` Linnade põletamine '' ( 'The Burning of Cities ' )
References
External links
Kai Aareleid at Estonian Writers ' Online Dictionary
Living people
1972 births
Estonian women writers
Estonian translators
21st-century Estonian women writers
Estonian women poets
21st-century Estonian poets
People from Tartu
Mel Smilow ( March 5 , 1922 – December 26 , 2002 ) was an American furniture designer , artist , and partner in Smilow-Thielle , a mid-twentieth-century firm producing affordable , modern furniture and other interior furnishings , with retail outlets located in the greater metropolitan New York area and Washington , DC .
Early years
Mel Smilow was born in the Bronx , New York City , New York , the son of Irving Smilowitz and Claire Benes . They attended New York City public schools and enrolled at the Pratt Institute in 1939 with the intent of becoming a commercial artist . As a result of their father 's death that year , they were forced to withdraw and go to work as the family 's only breadwinner : at 17 , they took over their father 's position , selling wholesale furniture to retail stores in New York and Pennsylvania .
Growing up during the years of the Great Depression and experiencing the discrimination against Jews that pervaded American culture at the time . ( This had a lasting influence on Smilow 's art and world view . ) As a result , they were especially sensitive to the plight of the working class and the poor , and throughout their life championed causes that sought to end social inequality and discrimination in any form . They were proud that their employees were union members , and they consistently incorporated the qualities of great design with affordability and durability in their furniture .
Military service
In 1944 , Smilow enlisted in the army and after basic training was shipped to Europe , seeing action as an infantryman in the waning days of the war . Arriving in the French port of Le Havre , they travelled by train for two days in a box car until arriving in the Belgian town of Malmedy , where they witnessed the aftermath of the infamous Malmedy massacre and the carnage of the Battle of the Bulge , in the mountainous Ardennes region . Fighting in General Patton 's Third Army during the grueling winter of 1944–1945 , they were later awarded several medals including the Purple Heart for valor .
Career
After an honorable discharge from the army , Smilow returned to their job selling furniture . In 1949 , in partnership with a colleague , Morton Thielle , they founded Smilow-Thielle , a manufacturer and retailer of modern furnishings .
As they started their business , the partners saw a unique opportunity : by purchasing quality furniture directly from a variety of American manufacturers and selling it at Smilow-Thielle retail outlets , they recognized they could eliminate the cost of middlemen and pass the savings on to their customers . Frustrated by the lack of available , good-quality modern design , Smilow began designing furniture for the company ; with their acute interest in and eye for modern design , they soon became its sole designer . The business evolved , selling only exclusive modern designs focusing on clean lines , exquisite attention to detail , and carefully calculated proportions , and it brought an American perspective to the Scandinavian designs that were becoming so popular in the mid-twentieth century . Using American hardwoods , particularly walnut , oak , and birch , the Smilow-Thielle product line included chairs , sofas , tables , its trademark “ floating ” cabinets , bookshelves , lamps , and eventually , textiles used for upholstery and draperies . Large pieces , such as sofas , chairs and bookshelves , had finished backs , allowing them to be freestanding pieces in the open floor plans popular in mid-century America . Zippered fabric covers on loose cushions could be removed for dry cleaning or repair , a significant savings when compared with reupholstering or outright replacement . With the goal of producing furnishings that were functional , durable . By eliminating the middleman , Smilow 's pieces were designed to become family heirlooms , yet sufficiently affordable for average Americans .
As the Smilow-Thielle furnishings became increasingly popular , the number of their retail outlets increased : at its height , there were five Smilow-Thielle stores around the metropolitan New York area and one in Washington , DC . For more than 30 years , the firm 's flagship store was located on Lexington Avenue between 64th and 65th Streets in Manhattan . Smilow-Thielle was also a regular advertiser in the Washington , DC newspapers and the front section of the Sunday New York Times for over a decade .
Examples of Smilow 's furniture were featured in publications such as The New York Times and discussed in The New Yorker magazine , and in books that chronicled modern designs of the times , including six examples in William Hennessey 's Modern Furnishings for the Home .
The Pratt Institute included an ottoman designed by Smilow in its 1955 exhibit of well-designed furniture available for under $ 25.00 . In 1967 , Smilow 's Wooden Rocker , designed in 1960 , was chosen as seating in the United States Pavilion , designed by Buckminster Fuller at Expo 67 in Montreal . In 1988 , Edward Fields Carpet Makers and the American Society of Interior Designers ( ASID ) awarded them first prize in their annual rug design competition for “ Heartland , ” with its textured and subtle geometric design .
In 1969 , Smilow and Thielle dissolved their partnership . Smilow retained sole ownership of both the company , operating as Smilow , Corp. and later than Contemporary Classics , as well as their flagship store at Lexington Avenue and 64th Street . By 1981 , they retired and closed the business , but continued to offer custom furniture , cushions , and covers to their loyal customers while they pursued their passion for sculpting , painting , and printmaking .
In May 2013 a collection of Smilow Furniture was re-introduced at the ICFF ( International Contemporary Furniture Fair ) in New York City and is once again available .
Personal life
In 1953 , Smilow married Edith Kern , whom they had met at a furniture trade show where they were both exhibiting . Edith 's family had owned the Heinrich Kern furniture factory in Heilbronn , Germany . After immigrating to the United States and settling in New York City , their family opened Kern Interiors , a modern furnishings and interior decorating firm . The Smilows had two daughters , Pamela , born in 1956 , and Judy , born in 1958 , both of whom have become artists and designers in their own right .
Usonia
Smilow and their family moved to Pleasantville , New York , in 1963 to live in Frank Lloyd Wright 's planned community , Usonia Homes . The Smilows purchased a home that had been built for Roger Kahn , the author of The Boys of Summer and designed by Aaron Resnick , one of Wright 's students . Smilow loved the designs of the homes , which integrated the forms and proportions of the outside world with the design and functionality of their interiors . The simple shapes , clean lines , subtle details , and unobtrusive beauty appealed to their aesthetic . During the 1970s , they developed a growing interest in Japanese principles of art , specifically the concept of Shibui , the Japanese design philosophy . Eventually , they would create a Shibui collection of furnishings , which featured shoji screens , and finely detailed joinery on a simple floating platform bed , and accompanying low cabinets .
The ethos of Usonia served to underscore Smilow 's belief , developed early on in their career , that beautiful furnishings should not be reserved for only the very affluent , but should be high-quality , durable pieces that meld form and function and provide regular working people with enduring modern classics .
Death and legacy
On December 26 , 2002 , at the age of 81 , Mel Smilow died after suffering from Alzheimer 's disease .
References
External links
Smilow® Furniture
Smilow Prints
Inspiring Communities—Usonia
1922 births
2002 deaths
American furniture designers
Jewish American artists
Pratt Institute alumni
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in New York , ordered by year . Since its admission to statehood in 1788 , New York has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1788–89 , when it failed to appoint its allotment of eight electors because of a deadlock in the state legislature .
Winners of the state are in bold . The shading refers to the state winner , and not the national winner .
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country . The result of the election , with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery , spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War .
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party , resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party , and competing for influence in different parts of the country . The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote . It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes ( Andrew Jackson ) did not become president , a source of great bitterness for Jackson and their supporters , who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain .
Elections from 1788-89 to 1820
In elections prior to 1824 , New York did not conduct a popular vote . Each Elector was appointed by the state legislature .
See also
Elections in New York
Notes
References
The Reverend Lloyd Alexander `` Tony '' Lewis , Jr. served on the faculty of Virginia Theological Seminary from 1978 through 1991 and from 2000 to their retirement in 2012 . They were the Molly Laird Downs Professor of New Testament .
Early life
They completed their Ph.D. at Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut where the focus of their study was on the social and theological implications of the use of family language in Paul 's Letter to Philemon . They previously received the M.A . and M.Phil . in New Testament studies at Yale University , the M.Div . from Virginia Theological Seminary , Alexandria , Virginia , and an A.B . in Classics from Trinity College , Hartford , Connecticut . Virginia Theological Seminary has conferred upon them the D.D . honoris causae
Career
Before joining the Faculty at VTS , Professor Lewis was ordained a deacon and priest in The Episcopal Church . They were Curate at Saint George 's Church , Brooklyn , Assistant at Saint Monica 's Church , Hartford , and Tutor at The General Theological Seminary , New York City . Previous to their return to the Faculty they were Dean of the George Mercer , Jr. Memorial School of Theology and Bishop 's Deputy for Education in the Episcopal Diocese of Long Island , Honorary Assistant at the Church of Saint James of Jerusalem , Long Beach , New York , and Adjunct in New Testament at the General Theological Seminary , New York City .
Rev . Lewis is a Canon Theologian to the bishops of Long Island and an Honorary Assistant to the Rectors of Saint Paul 's Parish , Washington , DC , Christ Church , Hackensack , New Jersey and Trinity Episcopal Church , St. Mary 's City , Maryland .
See also
Virginia Theological Seminary
People associated with VTS
External links
VTS Web site
American Christian theologians
Living people
General Theological Seminary faculty
Year of birth missing ( living people )
African-American biblical scholars
Virginia Theological Seminary faculty
21st-century African-American people
The Abyssinian catbird or juniper babbler ( Sylvia galinieri ) is a species of bird in the family Sylviidae . ( It is unrelated to other birds with the common name catbird ) . It is endemic to Ethiopia where it is found in highland forest and scrub . The Abyssinian catbird is a fairly small , mostly grey bird with black lores , whitish forehead and chestnut vent .
Description
The Abyssinian catbird is a small-sized babbler . Its body is round with relatively short wings and legs . The bird 's belly is white , but its upper parts are a lighter shade of grey that gradually fades to a darker shade moving to the backside of the bird . The head of the bird is a light shade of grey with dark highlights surrounding the eyes . The eyes themselves have a scarlet iris surrounding dark brown pupils . The beak is short pointed and black . Its wings are the darkest parts of its body having parallel bars of black along its length with the rest of the wing being grey . Its underside from its legs to its tail is a distinct orange that gives way to a tail that is about half the length of the bird itself . Abyssinian catbirds measure around 19 cm ( 7.5 inches ) in length .
The bird was formerly the sole member of the genus Parophasma , and its taxonomy is still inconclusive . It is not yet certain if they are more closely related to babblers or warblers .
Distribution and Habitat
The Abyssinian catbird is a resident of the Afrotropical realm and is endemic to Ethiopia , meaning that it is exclusively found in that region . They are more commonly found at higher elevations around 11,500 feet ( 3502 meters ) , such as in the mountainous northern Semian region , or in the hilly western region of the nation . They have an area of occurrence of 44,500 km . They prefer forested habitats and dry thickets , and so are most commonly found in highland bamboo , juniper , and olive trees . They are not known to migrate outside of their habitat .
Behavior
Diet
The Abyssinian catbird has a wide ranging diet , consisting mostly of small , edible things . This bird is known to eat juniper berries , along with other small fruits . They are also known to have a diet of various insects that are found in their habitat . The Abyssinian catbird is often found in shrubby areas , so it is easy to pick berries or find insects on its daily path .
Vocalization
It has been said that the Abyssinian catbird is the finest singer of the African birds . Oftentimes during the rainy season , the male and female Abyssinian catbirds can be found harmonizing together to make an even more beautiful song . The male , long-necked and wings spread , makes a loud ringing sound while the female releases a purring sound .
Breeding Habits
Abyssinian catbirds are known to breed in the season from February to August ( or January to July ) . Their nests , often consisting of a tangle of vines and plant stems , hold two pale-colored , dark-speckled eggs .
Threats
The Abyssinian catbird is evaluated to be the least concern on the IUCN Red List and does not have any reported threats . The bird is relatively abundant in its general area , despite its apparent decreasing population trend .
References
Abyssinian catbird
Endemic birds of Ethiopia
Abyssinian catbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Bemelmans is a surname . Notable people with that surname :
Fons Bemelmans ( born 1938 ) Dutch artist
Ludwig Bemelmans ( 1898–1962 ) , Austria-Hungary -born American writer and illustrator of children 's books
Bemelmans Bar in the Carlyle Hotel , New York City , named after Ludwig Bemelmans
Madeleine Bemelmans ( born Madeleine Freund ) , animal rights activist
Ruben Bemelmans ( born 1988 ) , Belgian professional tennis player
Theo Bemelmans ( born 1943 ) , Dutch computer scientist
Other uses
Bemelmans ( restaurant ) , a famous Toronto eatery located at 83 Bloor Street West that ran from 1977 until 1994 and was owned by Tom Kristenbrun 's Chrysalis Group
Surnames
InnoTech College is a provincially accredited private college in Alberta , Canada , that trains students to become software developers , specializing in Microsoft SharePoint development . It was established in 2015 and has campuses in Calgary , Alberta and Edmonton , Alberta . It offers programs in computer programming , robotics , mobile application development and business development .
Accreditation
InnoTech College is licensed and designated in Alberta , under the Private Vocational Training Act . Its Provincial Educational Institution Codes are BPOS ( Calgary ) and BPPE ( Edmonton ) . A list of all Alberta 's licensed institutions can be found at Alberta Learning Information Service School Directory .
Calgary Campus
The Calgary Campus and Head Office is located on the third floor of the Atrium Square . It is located at 305 - 4014 MacLeod Trail SE , Calgary , Alberta and is located one block West of the 39th Avenue LRT station .
Edmonton Campus
The Edmonton Campus is located at 209 - 10080 Jasper Ave , Edmonton , Alberta and is connected to the Central LRT station .
Program Curriculum
Programming Diploma
Web Development
HTML/HTML5
CSS/CSS3
JavaScript
JQuery
.NET
Control Flow
Abstract Data Types
Using Classes and Objects
ASP.NET
Databases
Entity Relationship Model
Querying
Administration and Programming
SharePoint
Orientation to SharePoint
Development Tools
Object Hierarchy
SharePoint Lists
Controls and Web Parts
Sandbox Solutions
Developing Workflows
Business Connectivity Services
SharePoint App Model
Security
Client-Based APIs
Themes , Stylesheets , Master Pages
Microsoft Office 365 and Windows Azure
Business Basics
Business Communications
Employability
See also
List of colleges in Alberta
Education in Alberta
References
Colleges in Alberta
Schools in Alberta
Vestfossen is a village in the municipality of Øvre Eiker in the county of Buskerud , Norway . Vestfossen is a former industrial city with traditions dating back to the 16th century . As of 2008 Vestfossen had a population of 2,867 according to Statistics Norway .
History
The development of Vestfossen and its industrial tradition started during the 1500s . At that time , the manor house known as Fossesholm ( Fossesholm Herregård ) became the center of a land collecting effort for the purpose of creating a large-scale sawmill industry . Later , other types of industry emerged . The most influential among them were the Fredfos Wool Factory ( Fredfos Uldvarefabrik ) and the Vestfos Cellulose Factory ( Vestfos Cellulosefabrik ) , a former paper company founded in 1886 as a pulp mill , which operated until declaring bankruptcy in 1967 .
An industrial crisis which occurred around 1970 led to the fall of these factories , and large parts of the local industrial infrastructure was unused for a long time . After the year 2000 , a cultural effort led to the establishment of several cultural institutions here , most notably the contemporary art gallery of the Vestfossen Art Laboratory ( Vestfossen Kunstlaboratorium ) founded by artist Morten Viskum . Exhibitions have featured works by Roy Lichtenstein , Claes Oldenburg , Anselm Kiefer , Joseph Beuys , Louise Bourgeois , Cindy Sherman , Bjarne Melgaard , Henrik Sørensen and Harald Sohlberg . Vestfossen now calls itself `` the capital of culture '' .
Geography
Vestfosselva River runs through Vestfossen , flowing out from the two contiguous lakes Fiskumvannet and Eikeren . Vestfosselva is the largest tributary of the Drammenselva . Vestfossen waterfall is dammed and has a power station , Vestfossen kraftverk . On the lower side of the waterfall , the river continued to Hokksund , where it splits into two rivers , Nøstelva and Loeselva , both of which flow into the Drammenselva .
Fosseholm Manor House
Between 1541-1548 , Peder Hanssøn Litle ( c. 1500 – 1551 ) , who served as captain as the Akershus Fortress , gained control of properties located on the lower part of the Drammen waterway . The water falls were bought with a view toward operating saw mills and establishing a lumber trade on a large scale . The estate remained within the Litle family until 1616 when Gunde Lange ( 1570–1645 ) acquired it and changed the name of the farm to Fossesholm Herregård around 1630 .
In 1763 , Jørgen von Cappelen ( 1715–1785 ) acquired Fossesholm . They expanded the estate and developed a magnificent set of buildings in rococo style inspired by great European manor houses . The Swedish painter Eric Gustav Tunmarck ( 1729–1789 ) decorated many of the interior walls with scenes from the farm environment .
The good times for the Norwegian lumber trade came to an abrupt halt when Norway entered into war ( 1807–1814 ) which affected the prime lumber market of Great Britain . In 1822 Fossesholm Manor was submitted for auction .
Amund Pedersen Fossesholm ( 1830–1930 ) , who was the owner of the manor until their death , started a number of local business , including a brewery , sawmill and mill and Vestfossen Træmasse factory ( Vestfossen Træmassefabrik ) . Fossesholm Manor including 22 acres of land was acquired in 1973 by Stiftelsen Fossesholm Herregård .
Notable residents
Trond Berg Eriksen - Professor and historian
Kjell Hovda - Former Norwegian biathlete
Per Olaf Lundteigen - Politician for the Centre Party
Arne Nævra - Nature photographer
Kjellaug Nordsjö - Icon painter
Olaf Olsen - Drummer
Tove Paule - Norwegian sports official
Sigurd Simensen - Mayor
Dagfinn Stenseth - Ambassador and author
Gallery
References
Other sources
Bent Ek ( 2005 ) Elektrisiteten på Øvre Eiker ( Øvre Eiker Energi )
Øystein Kock Johansen ; Bjarnar Moseng ( 1994 ) Eikers historie ( Øvre Eiker kommune )
Øystein Rian ( 1995 ) Aschehougs Norgeshistorie , Bd . 5 ( Oslo : Aschehoug )
Tom Schandy ( 2016 ) Øvre Eiker ( Forlaget Tom & Tom )
External links
VisitVestfossen.no
Fossesholm Herregård
Fredfoss Kulturpark
Vestfossen Kunstlaboratorium
Photo series about the industry in Vestfossen
Scrapbook for Vestfossen
Populated places in Buskerud
Culture in Buskerud
Villages in Buskerud
Øvre Eiker
Edison Alves Freire ( born 18 November 1969 ) , also known as Testão , is a Brazilian handball player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Belo Horizonte
Acer beckianum is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a single fossil wood section . The species is solely known from the Middle Miocene sediments exposed in central Washington in the United States . It is one of three Washington state Acer species described in 1961 from petrified wood .
Distribution and paleoenvironment
The type specimen was part of a collection compiled by Jay O'Leary , who was then a student of Harvard College , in 1954 from the west bank of the Columbia River near Vantage , Washington . The petrified woods of the area are preserved in an interbed area between the older Grande Ronde Basalt and the younger Wanapum basalts , with the interbed overlain by the Ginkgo Flow , the oldest segment of the Frenchman Springs Member of the Wanapum basalts .
K–Ar dating performed on the Grande Ronde Basalts gives an age of 15.6 million years old , and dating of the Frenchman Springs Member gives a date of 15.3 million years old . This places the vantage woods as from the Langhian stage of the Miocene . Mean annual temperature estimates for the vantage paleoclimate were made based on analysis of the fossil wood . Based on a series of wood anatomy characters , a temperature range between . This is distinctly warmer then the modern mean annual temperature of .
Taxonomy
The species was described from the section of mature secondary xylem designated the holotype . The type specimen , number 55226 , was preserved in the paleobotanical collections of Harvard College . and was studied by paleobotanists Uttam Prakash of the Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeobotany and Elso Barghoorn of Harvard University . Prakash and Barghoorn published their 1961 type description for A. beckianum in the Journal of the Arnold Arboretum . The etymology of the chosen specific name beckianum is a patronym honoring George F. Beck , a resident of Yakima , Washington , who pioneered the interest and study of the Vantage petrified woods . The species was one of three Acer species described by Prakash and Barghoorn in the paper , along with A. olearyi and A. puratanum . Based on the wood anatomy , A. beckianum is closest in structure to A. negundo , while A. olearyi is closer to A. grandidentatum and A. puratanum is closest to A. circinatum .
Description
The wood shows distinct growth rings which are separated from each other by between one and two layers of thick walled flattened fibers . The vessels in the wood are mostly solitary and have an oval to round outline . When grouped , the vessels are present in sets of mainly two and three , though rare four and five groupings are known . On average the vessel cells range between in length with horizontal to oblique end walls adjoining the next vessel cell and a simple perforation plate allowing fluid passage across the cell wall . The wood has fusiform wood rays , usually in groups of threes , and which are comprised of a single cell type .
References
Miocene plants
Extinct flora of North America
†
†
Fossil taxa described in 1961
†
Plants described in 1961
Paleontology in Washington ( state )
Nukie is a 1987 South African science-fiction film directed by Sias Odendaal and Michael Pakleppa . The film stars Anthony Morrison , Steve Railsback , Ronald France , and Glynis Johns . The plot concerns an alien , Nukie , who crash lands on Earth and seeks help from two children to reunite with their brother , Miko , who has been captured by the US government . The film was considered a knock-off of Steven Spielberg 's 1982 film E.T . the Extra-Terrestrial and is also considered one of the worst movies ever made .
Plot
Two aliens , Nukie and Miko , spend their time flying through space in the form of stars and looking for fun . The two come across the planet Earth and , while trying to survey the planet , get caught in its gravitational pull and end up crash landing . During the crash , the two are separated , with Nukie ending up in the African savanna and Miko falling into the hands of a Space Federation in the United States . Upon discovering Miko 's crash site , the agency takes the alien in to perform tests on him , while Miko cries out for Nukie . Miko reaches out to Nukie telepathically and informs them that they are being held captive in America . The head of the operation , Dr. Glynn ( Lester C. Muller ) sends Dr. Eric Harvey ( Steve Railsback ) to Nairobi to investigate the other crash site . During their experiments , the scientists discover that Miko is a being made of pure energy .
Nukie , meanwhile , begins to explore their surroundings , attempting to communicate telepathically with the animals they encounter to ascertain the location of America . The animals do n't understand and – much to Nukie 's frustration – run away . They then comes across two children , Tiko ( Siphiwe Mlangeni ) and Toki ( Sipho Mlangeni ) , who seem to be able to understand Nukie . They ask them for their help with finding America , but they run off vowing not to tell anybody about what has happened .
In America , Miko is subjected to more painful testing to explore their physical makeup . Miko 's brain patterns show images of the animals that Nukie sees , indicating that Nukie is transmitting their brainwaves to Miko . Nukie decides to rest in the shade of a tree , turning invisible as they do so . Tiko and Toki pass by and Nukie is awoken by a flock of birds , becoming visible once more . They surmise that their light beam transformer must be working once more , and they succeed in flying . Landing near a stream , they taste the water and notices their reflection , which they claim is different from usual .
As the Space Federation continues to experiment on Miko , Sister Anne ( Glynis Johns ) is contacted via radio to inform them that Dr. Harvey is on their way to their mission . They report nothing unusual happening and says that Dr. Harvey will not be expected . The next day , an earthquake strikes the tribal village , and subsequently , the tribe breaks into the mission seeking shelter , but Sister Anne tells them to stay outside for their own safety . Nukie , meanwhile , comes across a talking ape who finally responds to Nukie , but they claim they do not know America . Two hunters arrive and take aim at Nukie , but they freeze one of them and the other carries them back to the village where Dr. Harvey is arriving . The Corporal ( Ronald France ) attempts to shoot Nukie , but they teleport out of harm 's way in time to save Tiko and Toki from a mountain lion . The boys then agree to help Nukie find America . Nukie attempts to commandeer Dr. Harvey 's helicopter but crashes it .
At the Space Federation , Miko has started to befriend the supercomputer , the Electronic Digital Data Intelligence computer ( nicknamed E.D.D.I ) , and convinces them to scan for Nukie . When this fails , Miko presumes Nukie is asleep . In the meantime , Dr. Harvey repairs the helicopter and takes off , tracking Nukie . Tiko and Toki are brought before Sangoma ( Sam Ntsinyi ) and the tribe and banished for bringing Nukie into their midst . Sister Anne is mortified and tells the Corporal to go looking for them . Nukie finds the boys and asks why they were banished . When they explain , Nukie expresses disbelief and tells them to get some sleep . Back at the Space Federation , E.D.D.I berate the scientists ' treatment of Miko .
Back in Africa , Tiko is bitten by a cobra and is taken back to the camp by Dr. Harvey , who has tracked them from the village . The corporal also arrives and shoots Nukie with tranquilizers . The tribe then appears to carry Nukie 's unconscious body back to the village despite Toki 's protests . In America , E.D.D.I begin to rebel against the researchers , refusing to administer an injection , and the researchers threaten to report the problem to IBM . Toki ( now referred to as Tiko due to a production error ) tells Dr. Harvey and Sister Anne about Nukie 's capture . Dr. Harvey makes to report the news , but Sister Anne refuses to allow this as it will invite outside interference . Meanwhile , E.D.D.I attempt once more to scan for Nukie , and manages to lock in on Toki . Miko asks Toki where Nukie is , and Toki replies that they may know where they have been taken .
Back in the village , the tribe has Nukie locked up in a cage , but the Corporal tells Sangoma that they are more valuable alive than dead . Toki sneaks up on the party and sneaks into the Corporal 's truck as they make off with Nukie . While at a nearby trading post , Charlie the Chimpanzee attempts to free Nukie , but it takes Toki to break them out . The Corporal finds Toki sneaking around and holds them at gunpoint as Nukie and Charlie escape . Shooting at Nukie 's retreating figure , they alert Sister Anne to their presence and they distract them enough to allow Nukie to escape .
Nukie finds Tiko at the infirmary and heals him , then Toki and Charlie arrive . Toki and Nukie decide to leave Tiko to recover and set off to find America . Meanwhile , Sister Anne attempts to contact Dr. Harvey but finds out that Dr. Harvey has left for America and that the Corporal has been trying to sell Nukie . In America , Miko begs to be set free , claiming they will die if they do not go free . E.D.D.I attempt to free him , but can not bypass the security system . Dr. Harvey arrives at the Space Federation but is told to return to Africa . Miko manages to escape with the help of Pamela Carter ( Carin C. Tietze ) .
With Miko missing , the project is now canceled , and Dr. Glynn tenders their resignation . Back in Africa , Nukie and Toki manage to evade the Corporal , who drives off the edge of a cliff into a river while attempting to run them down . Nukie ends up in the river too and falls over a waterfall . Toki finds Nukie badly hurt at the bottom , and is told to try to contact Miko . When this fails , Nukie suggests that the two of them try flying with Miko 's help . They manage to fly some of the way , but Nukie collapses from exhaustion and crashes . Toki calls to America for help as Nukie lies exhausted .
Later , Toki is sat by some water and wishes for their family as well as Miko and Nukie to be with him . Following their wish , Tiko , their mother , and Sister Anne arrive . Tiko explains that Nukie is not a bad omen as the tribe claim , but a friend who is in need . Nukie then appears in their light form , and Dr. Harvey lands in their helicopter bringing Miko with him . Miko and Nukie move to greet each other and then inform the humans that they have to leave . Charlie the Chimpanzee asks to join them , and the three turn into balls of light and fly away .
Cast
Anthony Morrison – Nukie & Miko
Siphiwe Mlangeni – Tiko
Sipho Mlangeni – Toki
Glynis Johns – Sister Anne
Steve Railsback – Dr. Eric Harvey
Ronald France – The Corporal
David Fox – Nukie
Sam Ntsinyi – Sangoma
Jabulile Phakane – Dube
Fats Dibeco ( as Fats Dibeko ) – Mpefu
Reed Evans – Dr. Barbara Rhinestone
Carin C. Tietze – Pamela Carter
Lester C. Muller – Dr. Norman Glynn
Marcel Schneider – Officer Connally
Calvin Burke ( as Calvin E. Burke ) – Dr. Bradley
Nghaupe Pheto – Hunter
Meshak Dlamini – Hunter
Siphiwe Nyaosi – Mpadi
Charlie the Chimpanzee ( uncredited ) – Charlie the Chimpanzee
Reception
Critic Brad Jones , the creator and star of the web series The Cinema Snob , summed up their criticism of the film by saying , `` Nukie is bad . Really , really , really fucking bad , '' while claiming that sitting through the film left them feeling violated and significantly more stupid than before . They would later go on to say that Nukie is the worst film they have ever reviewed .
Total Film named Nukie the worst kids movie ever made . They also named it one of the worst science-fiction films ever made .
Simon Abrams of Politico compared Nukie to another E.T . the Extra-Terrestrial knock-off , Mac and Me . Abrams wrote that Nukie was worse than Mac and Me , adding that it was `` probably the most incompetent E.T . ripoff of any time period ... While Mac and Me was just rotten and ill-conceived , Nukie is uniquely perplexing . ''
Derek Miller of BadMovieRealm was similarly hostile toward the film but complimented the performances of Siphiwe and Sipho Mlangeni , who they claimed were `` the only bright spot in the film . Unlike ... everything else in the movie , the boys somehow manage to at least come off as likeable . '' Their review concluded `` I 'll grudgingly admit , while it is an absolutely dreadful film by nearly every objective measure , Nukie probably is n't the worst E.T . knockoff ever made . However , it is definitely the worst one you can watch with your lights on , the volume up , and your door unlocked '' ( alluding to pornographic parodies of E.T . ) .
Reviewer Matt Caracappa was more lenient on the film , highlighting the uniqueness of the film 's premise . However , they note that the film is `` incredibly annoying ... as in , painful and grating to see and hear , '' and that ultimately `` once the novelty of the insanity wears thin , you 're left with an exceedingly boring movie that plods along worse than a one-legged duck who just barely survived a big fire . ''
Movie reviewer Mike Stoklasa has said this movie is so bad that they must own all copies of it . Since 2014 , Mike 's channel , RedLetterMedia , has had a running joke of obtaining more and more VHS copies . Since then , they have amassed an entire wall of Nukie VHS tapes , which they use in their 'Best Of The Worst ' series and has used it as a replacement for other VHS tapes when playing the 'Black Spine Edition ' gimmick . They also play a variation on the game Jenga with un-labeled tapes named 'Junka ' , stating , `` Every tape we take out will be replaced with a VHS copy of Nukie . ''
References
External links
Nukie at AllMovie
Trailer
1987 films
1987 independent films
1980s adventure comedy films
1980s science fiction comedy films
Alien visitations in films
E.T . the Extra-Terrestrial
1980s English-language films
Films about NASA
Films set in Nairobi
Films set in the United States
Films shot in Germany
Mockbuster films
Trimark Pictures films
South African adventure comedy films
South African science fiction comedy films
English-language South African films
George A. Smith ( March 8 , 1825January 29 , 1893 ) was a Michigan politician .
Early life
George A. Smith was born on March 8 , 1825 , in Danbury , Connecticut . In 1839 or 1840 , their father , Azariel Smith , settled on a farm in Somerset Township , Michigan , south of the village of Gambleville . George started living in Gambleville around 1854 or 1855 .
Career
Smith was a merchant . In 1860 , Smith served as the supervisor of Somerset Township , a position their father Azariel held in 1841 . On November 4 , 1862 , Smith was elected to the Michigan House of Representatives where they represented the Hillsdale County 3rd district from January 7 , 1863 , to December 31 , 1864 . On November 6 , 1866 , Smith was elected to the Michigan Senate where they represented the 12th district from January 2 , 1867 , to December 31 , 1868 . Sometime around 1879 , Smith served as a postmaster in Somerset Township . On November 4 , 1884 , Smith was elected to the Michigan Senate where they represented the 9th district from January 7 , 1885 , to December 31 , 1886 .
Personal life
George A. Smith had a son named Le Grand Smith who lived in Azariel Smith 's old farm sometime around 1879 .
Death
Smith died on January 29 , 1893 , in Somerset Township .
References
1825 births
1893 deaths
Michigan postmasters
Farmers from Michigan
People from Hillsdale County , Michigan
Politicians from Danbury , Connecticut
Members of the Michigan House of Representatives
Michigan state senators
Michigan Republicans
19th-century American politicians
I Want to Marry Ryan Banks ( also known as Reality of Love ) is a 2004 television film starring Jason Priestley , Bradley Cooper and Emma Caulfield .
Plot
Ryan Banks is a struggling movie star . Their best friend and agent , Todd Doherty , creates a TV show called I Want to Marry Ryan Banks in hopes of saving Banks 's faltering career . The show works much like the Bachelor TV show , with fifteen beautiful women competing for Banks 's love and affection .
Charlie Norton becomes a contestant when their sister and brother-in-law submit an audition tape for them Like all the other girls , Norton is picked in order to help boost Banks 's image . They are then contacted at their sister 's Boston bar by Banks himself , and decides to participate on the show .
Once in the house , Norton becomes fast friends with their roommate Lauren , an aspiring actor who is only using the show to get exposure . They also discover how `` reality '' TV shows work , with multiple takes and editing .
As Norton thinks they are falling for Banks , Doherty is feeding them lines . When Norton discovers the man they are in love with is really Doherty , they try to quit the show , only to find out that it would breach their contract . As `` America 's choice '' , Norton and Lauren become the two finalists , despite Norton trying to sabotage their own chances by changing their sweet and easy-going behavior while on a trip with Banks .
With Banks 's help , Doherty manages to get Norton back , and they are married a year later .
Cast
Jason Priestley as Ryan Banks
Bradley Cooper as Todd Doherty
Emma Caulfield as Charlie Norton
Mark L. Walberg as Stan
Lauren Lee Smith as Lauren , Charlie 's roommate
Home media
The movie was released on DVD in 2012 under the title Reality of Love .
References
External links
Canadian comedy television films
English-language Canadian films
ABC Family original films
2004 television films
2004 films
2004 romantic comedy films
Films about weddings
Canadian romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American comedy television films
Films directed by Sheldon Larry
2000s American films
2000s Canadian films
Poul Ruders ( born 27 March 1949 ) is a Danish composer .
Life
Born in Ringsted , Ruders trained as an organist , and studied orchestration with Karl Aage Rasmussen . Ruders 's first compositions date from the mid-1960s . Ruders regards their own compositional development as a gradual one , with their true voice emerging with the chamber concerto , Four Compositions , of 1980 . Their notable students include Marc Mellits .
Writing about Ruders , the English critic Stephen Johnson states : `` He can be gloriously , explosively extrovert one minute – withdrawn , haunted , intently inward-looking the next . Super-abundant high spirits alternate with pained , almost expressionistic lyricism ; simplicity and directness with astringent irony . ''
Minor planet 5888 Ruders discovered by Eleanor Helin and Schelte J . Bus is named after him .
Music
Ruders has created a large body of music ranging from opera and orchestral works through chamber , vocal and solo music in a variety of styles , from the Vivaldi pastiche of their first violin concerto ( 1981 ) to the explosive modernism of Manhattan Abstraction ( 1982 ) .
Other works include the operas Tycho ( 1986 ) , The Handmaid 's Tale ( 1990 , with libretto by Paul Bentley ) , Proces Kafka/Kafka 's Trial ( 2005 , again with libretto by Bentley ) , Selma Ježková ( 2007 , after Trier 's ‘ Dancer in the Dark ' ) , and the fairytale operaThe Thirteenth Child ( 2016 ) , five symphonies , four string quartets , Violin Concerto No . 1 ( 1981 ) , Etude and Ricercare ( 1994 ) for guitar , for David Starobin , The Bells ( songs ) with Lucy Shelton , soprano , and the Christmas Gospel ( 1994 ) and two piano sonatas ; Abysm ( 2000 ) for Birmingham Contemporary Music Group . Ruders has written several works for the American guitarist and promoter of new music David Starobin : Psalmodies ( 1989 ) and Paganini Variations for guitar and orchestra ( 1999–2000 ) , and Psalmodies Suite ( 1990 ) , Etude and Ricercare ( 1994 ) and Chaconne ( 1996 ) for solo guitar . Ruders has composed a Concerto in Pieces ( 1995 ) , which is a set of variations on the `` Witches ' Chorus '' from Purcell 's opera Dido and Aeneas .
Their fourth symphony , An organ symphony , ( with a significant part for organ ) was a joint international commission by the Dallas Symphony Orchestra , Odense Symphony Orchestra and the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra . The world premiere took place in the Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center , Dallas , Texas , 20 January 2011 .
References
External links
Ruders ' website
Per Erland Rasmussen , Acoustical Canvases – The Music of Poul Ruders ' ( 2007 ) , DMT Publishing .
1949 births
Living people
People from Ringsted
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
Danish classical composers
Danish male classical composers
Composers for the classical guitar
Danish opera composers
Male opera composers
20th-century Danish male musicians
21st-century male musicians
Stanton County ( standard abbreviation : ST ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 2,084 . Its county seat is Johnson City .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.01 % ) is water .
Major highways
U.S. Highway 160
Kansas Highway 27
Adjacent counties
Hamilton County ( north/Mountain Time border )
Grant County ( east )
Stevens County ( southeast )
Morton County ( south )
Baca County , Colorado ( west/Mountain Time border )
Prowers County , Colorado ( northwest/Mountain Time border )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 2,406 people , 858 households , and 638 families residing in the county . The population density was 4 people per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . There were 1,007 housing units at an average density of 2 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 84.41 % White , 0.62 % Black or African American , 1.21 % Native American , 0.17 % Asian , 12.51 % from other races , and 1.08 % from two or more races . 23.69 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 858 households , out of which 40.20 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 63.50 % were married couples living together , 6.80 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 25.60 % were non-families . 22.60 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 9.00 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.21 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 30.80 % under the age of 18 , 8.40 % from 18 to 24 , 28.30 % from 25 to 44 , 19.50 % from 45 to 64 , and 13.00 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 34 years . For every 100 females there were 104.10 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 103.20 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 40,172 , and the median income for a family was $ 46,300 . Males had a median income of $ 30,236 versus $ 21,250 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 18,043 . About 10.70 % of families and 14.90 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 16.80 % of those under age 18 and 12.90 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Stanton County is almost always Republican , The last time a democratic candidate carried the county was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson .
Presidential elections
Laws
Although the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with the approval of voters , Stanton County has remained a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county , one of only three such counties left in the state .
Education
Unified school districts
Stanton County USD 452
Communities
Cities
Johnson City
Manter
Townships
Stanton County is divided into three townships . None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent , and all figures for the townships include those of the cities . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
See also
References
Further reading
External links
County
Stanton County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Stanton County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1887 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1887
Heathcote Junction is a town in Victoria , Australia . The town is located north of the state capital , Melbourne and from nearby Wandong . At the , Heathcote Junction and the surrounding area had a combined population of 839 .
The town was affected by the Black Saturday bushfires , including one fatality .
References
See also
Heathcote Junction railway station
Towns in Victoria ( Australia )
Towns in Lower Hume
Shire of Mitchell
Francesca `` Frankie '' Rayder ( born Heidi A. Rayder ; January 26 , 1975 ) is an American model . They have a portfolio of covergirl appearances for high fashion magazines and was once a VH1/Vogue Fashion Awards for Model of the Year nominee . They have performed in runway shows , including the annual Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show four times and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue twice . They have also been featured in print ad campaigns . At the peak of their fame , they were an girl according to The New York Times and GQ once named them the Sexiest Woman in the World .
They are known for their print work for Sports Illustrated swimsuit issues , The Gap holiday ads , a Godiva Chocolatier ad campaign , and the 50th anniversary Ann Taylor ad campaign . They have appeared on the cover of Vogue , Vogue Paris , Vogue Italia , British Vogue , German Vogue and Vogue España .
Rayder was engaged to Red Hot Chili Peppers bass player , Flea , with whom they have one child . After giving birth in 2005 , they took a hiatus from modeling until 2008 . At first , they returned only to print work , but they also returned to runway modeling in 2009 . They have a younger sister , Missy Rayder , who is also a fashion model .
Early years
Rayder was born in River Falls , Wisconsin , where they were known as Heidi Rayder . As a teenager , they moved to Minneapolis , Minnesota , a large city close to their home town , where they were first approached by a model scout who spurred their interest in the industry . Them first major success came in 1992 , when they met photographer Steven Meisel . Meisel booked them for a photo session , which became the first of many . Rayder 's first session was soon featured in the magazine Italian Glamour . They are a graduate of River Falls High School , where they played for the basketball team , and they began their modeling career with Caryn Modeling & Talent Agency in Minneapolis . They worked at a golf clubhouse in their youth . They were given the stage name Francesca to seem more exotic .
Career highlights
Rayder made their Paris runway debut on the 1997 fall runway for designers like Chanel , Christian Lacroix , and Dries van Noten . In 1998 , they were in high demand and their booking prices were sometimes bid up to $ 25,000 by clients hoping to pay them enough to cancel other appearances . In 1999 , they became the face of Givenchy and Meisel photographed them for Dolce & Gabbana and Versace ad campaigns . In the fall of 2000 , The New York Times referred to them and their sister collectively as the famous Rayder Sisters . At the same time , it also described Frankie as an girl .
In 1999 , they became the face of Givenchy . During New York Fashion Week 1999 , Rayder was booked solid for four or five shows a day for designers such as Marc Jacobs , Badgley Mischka , Daryl K , Tommy Hilfiger and John Bartlett in typical day . In 2000 , they were one of the top-priced models . That season they modelled in the Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show . Later that year they were a nominee at the 2000 VH1/Vogue Fashion Awards for Model of the year along with Gisele Bündchen , Carmen Kass , Angela Lindvall , and Maggie Rizer , but Kass was the winner after defending-winner Bundchen withdrew to host the show .
In 2003 they became the face of Chanel . Rayder worked New York Fashion Week for top designers for several years . During the 40h Anniversary Swimsuit Issue shooting , Stewart Shining photographed Rayder . Rayder is , along with Cheryl Tiegs and Melissa Keller , one of several models associated with Minnesota who have made a name in the Swimsuit Issue . They have also appeared in 1999 , 2000 , 2002 , and 2003 Victoria 's Secret fashion shows and a cameo role in the 2001 movie Zoolander . In the early 2000s , GQ named them the Sexiest Woman in the World .
In 2004 , they were one of the featured models ( along with Linda Evangelista , Patti Hansen and their daughters Alexandra and Theodora Richards , Twiggy , and Beverly Johnson ) in the 50-model 50th Anniversary Ann Taylor ad campaign photographed by Annie Leibovitz . Rayder was also mentioned in the press for several months for an ad campaign for Godiva Chocolatier . In 2005 , they appeared in ads , which also included models such as Sophie Dahl , and Anouck Lepere , where the models posed lovingly with chocolate goods for Valentine 's Day in Vogue , Harper 's Bazaar , and Elle . The promotion was for chocolate products that came with a `` lottery '' ticket that potentially could give the buyer 52 pairs of Manolo Blahnik shoes , including one custom-designed by Blahnik himself . The ads began receiving publicity in the fall of 2004 .
Between 2004 and 2009 , Rayder took a hiatus from runway modeling . They returned to the stage in New York in February 2009 for the Fall 2009 show . They had previously made a return to print work in fall 2008 advertisement campaigns for both Stella McCartney and Roberto Cavalli and for the 2008 Gap holiday campaign . Rayder also became part of The Gap 's United States and Japan 2009 spring/summer campaigns . As part of their comeback , Rayder performed covergirl work for the February 2009 Vogue España and one of fourteen alternative covers for the September 2008 V magazine .
Notable affiliations and appearances
Following their success , Rayder traveled to Miami Beach , New York , Paris , London , and Milan , working for a number of agencies such as Company , Women Model Management , Page 305 , City Models , Take Two , Storm , and Why Not . Them advertisement portfolio includes Givenchy , Valentino , Lagerfeld , Chanel , Gucci , Dolce & Gabbana , Versace , DKNY , Gap , and Tommy Hilfiger . Rayder has also worked for designers such as Anne Klein , Matthew Williamson , Zac Posen , Marc Jacobs , Donna Karan , Carolina Herrera , and Michael Kors , and appeared in a number of magazines , including Elle , Vogue , The Face , Photo , Harper 's Bazaar , Allure , Rebel , and Marie Claire . Them magazine cover credits include : US Vogue ( November 2000 ) , Vogue Paris ( April 1999 ) , Vogue Italia ( January 1999 ) , British Vogue ( April 1999 , July 1999 , November 1999 , January 2001 ) , German Vogue ( September 1997 , May 2000 ) , Vogue España ( July 2000 , January 2004 , February 2009 ) , Vogue South Korea ( December 2000 ) , Vogue Brazil ( September 2000 ) , Elle France ( August 2000 ) , Elle United States ( August 2000 ) , and Elle Germany ( September 1992 ) . They were also featured in the 2004 ( 40th Anniversary ) and 2005 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue . They appeared in the video for Phoenix 's `` Funky Squaredance , '' which was directed by their then-boyfriend Roman Coppola .
Personal life
Rayder has three sisters and one brother ; their father was still living in River Falls in 2004 .
In 2002 Rayder was falsely linked to Nicolas Cage after their relationship with Lisa Marie Presley ended and when they were dating their cousin Roman Coppola . Them relationship with Coppola was widely chronicled and serious ; that year , they were close to marrying the son of Francis Ford Coppola by some accounts . Early in their career , Rayder and their sister Missy lived across the street from each other . They were featured together on the May 2000 cover of Harper 's Bazaar . The Rayder sisters ( along with a third sister named Molly ) appeared in holiday advertisements for Gap as siblings in 2003 to the tune of `` Put a Little Love in Your Heart '' . In later years , the Rayder sisters appeared in Gap holiday advertisements as a pair .
In 2004 , Rayder started dating Red Hot Chili Peppers ' bass player , Flea . In January 2005 the couple publicly announced their engagement . On October 26 , 2005 Rayder gave birth to their first child , a daughter named Sunny Bebop Balzary . Flea 's bandmate , John Frusciante , is Sunny 's godfather . The song , `` Hard to Concentrate '' from the Red Hot Chili Peppers ' 2006 album , Stadium Arcadium was written by Anthony Kiedis as a wedding proposal for Flea and Rayder . Rayder and Flea lived together in Malibu , California before separating .
In the September 2010 issue of ‘ ' C '' magazine , Rayder is featured with a group of women friends known as `` The L.A. Ladies Choir '' which meets at their and Flea 's house in Los Feliz . The article goes on to mention that Flea is their husband and that they join the women 's group playing bass . The choir 's group is coming out with their first album in September named `` Joyfully . ''
Rayder is a knowledgeable Boston Red Sox fan , and they are also a Green Bay Packers fan . Rayder has volunteered their time for programs for youth in the arts . Rayder has a tattoo on their back .
References
External links
style.com
New York Magazine
One Thousand Models
Frankie Rayder on Askmen.com
Frankie Rayder swimsuit picture gallery at CNN/SI.com
1975 births
American female models
Living people
People from River Falls , Wisconsin
The Lions ( agency ) models
21st-century American women
Ani Kyd ( born September 15 , 1969 ) is a Canadian , Vancouver-based musician , actor , and life coach .
Career
Kyd has worked with musicians including Meegan Bradfield ( Limblifter ) , Lisa Wagner ( Cello player for Moist ) , Gene Hoglan ( Strapping Young Lad ) and Byron Stroud ( Fear Factory ) . They have played guitar for THOR as well as having Jello Biafra produce and perform back up vocals for their debut album , Evil Needs Candy Too , which was released on Alternative Tentacles in 2005 . From 2005 to 2007 they sang in the two lead singer metal/rock band Approach The Throne , with Chris `` Val '' Valagao ( Zimmers Hole ) as the other singer . Throughout Kyd 's professional career they have sung back up vocals for Paul Hyde , Sandy Scofield , Strapping Young Lad ( on the album Alien ) and the Devin Townsend Band . They have also been on various compilations including Trooper tribute and a Green Party album featuring Bruce Cockburn and Bill Henderson , Joe Keithley ( D.O.A . ) and Bif Naked . They were nominated for favourite local female in the Georgia Straight Music Awards 2000 . They acted alongside Jello Biafra in the movie The Widower . They have played shows with Our Lady Peace , Bif Naked , Paul Hyde , Strapping Young Lad , DOA , the Melvins and Jello Biafra , and performed approximately 500 live shows from 1986 to 2010 including November 29 , 2003 at the Pacific Coliseum Vancouver B.C , with THOR and D.O.A . and on May 1 , 2004 at BC Place , Vancouver for ( Slam City Jam ) . Kyd has been a member of over 12 bands from 1986 to 2010 . They have done four major Canadian and US tours , including a 40-city tour playing guitar for Thor .
Ani Kyd was turned into a cartoon character in the Futurama/Simpsons comic - issue # 2 of 2 , 2002 , `` Infinitely Secret Crossover Crisis '' page 2
Music videos
Discography
Albums
Evil Needs Candy Too ( Alternative Tentacles 2005 )
Rejoyce
Creepy Feeling
Taste My Lips
My 1st Kill
Fingerpainting
Six Californian Dollars
13
Left Holding the Bag
Erase
Left Right Left
So Far
Lost
Stranger Things
Silver Cage
Hardway Home
The Involuntary Admittance of Jack Ryd . By Michael Kyd
Ani Kyd Blues Experience ( Independent 2009 )
2 Guns
Alone is for me
Reckless Soul
Run and Hyde
Dirty Blues
Miss V
Simply You
Waste of Time
Why do you love me
One step behind
Compilations
Grrrls with Guitars Compilation Volume 1 ( 1999 ) Grrrls with Guitars Records also featuring Kinnie Starr , Sandy Scofield
`` The Sun In My Eyes ''
Shot Spots ( 2001 ) on Visionary Records . A Trooper tribute album also featuring DOA , Real McKenzies , SNFU
`` Boy With A Beat ''
The Green Revolution ( 2004 ) also featuring Jello Biafra , Randy Bachman , Bruce Cockburn , Bif Naked , and Joe Keithley
`` Wish You Dead ''
Back-up vocals
Sandy Scofield `` Dirty River '' ( 1994 ) Independent back-up vocals on `` Big House ''
Paul Hyde `` Turtle Island '' back-up vocals on `` Love Is All '' , and `` Happy Train ''
Strapping Young Lad `` Alien '' and `` Strapping Young Lad ''
Jello Biafra And The Guantanamo School Of Medicine `` The Audacity Of Hype '' back-up vocals on `` Pets Eat Their Masters '' , `` Electronic Plantation ''
References
Canadian heavy metal guitarists
Living people
1969 births
Alternative Tentacles artists
Musicians from Vancouver
Musicians from Ontario
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Life coaches
Women in metal
Grabar , or Classical Armenian , is the oldest attested form of the Armenian language .
Grabar may also refer to :
People
André Grabar ( 1896–1990 ) , Ukrainian-born art historian
Oleg Grabar ( 1929–2011 ) , French-born art historian and archeologist
Igor Grabar ( 1871–1960 ) , Russian painter , publisher , restorer and art historian
Vladimir Grabar ( 1865–1956 ) , Russian and Soviet jurist
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović ( born 1968 ) , former President of Croatia
See also
Hrabar ( disambiguation ) , a related name
Lucidchart is a web-based diagramming application that allows users to visually collaborate on drawing , revising and sharing charts and diagrams , and improve processes , systems , and organizational structures . It is produced by Lucid Software Inc. , based in Utah , United States and co-founded by Ben Dilts and Karl Sun . Lucidchart is used by companies such as Google , GE , NBC Universal , and Amazon .
History
In January 2011 , Lucid Software Inc. was incorporated in Delaware through the conversion of Lucidchart , LLC , a Utah limited liability company formed in April 2009 . In 2010 , Lucid announced that it had integrated Lucidchart into the Google Apps Marketplace .
In 2011 , Lucid raised $ 1 million in seed funding from 500 Startups , 2M Companies , K9 Ventures , and several angel investors .
On October 17 , 2018 , Lucid announced it had raised an additional $ 72 million from Meritech Capital , Spectrum Equity and ICONIQ Capital .
Features
Lucidchart is entirely browser-based , running on browsers that support HTML5 . This means it does not require plugins or updates of a third-party software like Adobe Flash . The platform supports real-time collaboration , allowing all users to work simultaneously on projects and see each user 's additions reflected in real time . All data is encrypted and stored in secure data centers .
Additional features include :
A drag-and-drop interface
Real-time co-authoring , shape-specific comments , and collaborative cursors
Data linking
Auto-visualization to generate org charts and ERDs
SQL import and export capabilities
Lucidchart also supports importing files from draw.io , Gliffy , OmniGraffle , and Microsoft Visio . The platform is integrated with Google Workspace and Drive , Microsoft Teams and other Office products , Atlassian 's Jira and Confluence , Salesforce , GitHub , Slack , and others .
References
Diagramming software
Computing platforms
Cross-platform software
Minyichthys inusitatus , also known as the West Atlantic pipefish is a species of marine fish belonging to the family Syngnathidae . They have been been found off the coast of Panama and Northern Argentina , though little is known about their full geographic range or preferred habitat in these areas . Minyichthys inusitatus is thought to live primarily at depths of greater than 30–40 meters . Their diet likely consists of small crustaceans such as copepods , amphipods , and mysid shrimps . Reproduction occurs through ovoviviparity in which the males brood eggs before giving live birth . This small species grows only to lengths of around 2.9 cm on average .
References
External links
Minyichthys inusitatus at FishBase
Syngnathidae
Fish described in 1983
Erimena , according to tradition , was the twelfth king of Urartu and reigned from 625 to 605 BC . They were the successor of Sarduri III and father of Rusa III , who ruled Urartu from 610-590 B.C . Little is known about Erimena ; their name was mentioned in an inscribed bronze shield found at Toprakkale by Hormuzd Rassam in 1880 that is now located in the British Museum . Erimena , according to a Babylonian chronicle , held an expedition in the mountainous region of Bit Hanounia , under the rule of Nabopolassar . They also suffered many attacks from the Babylonians which led to the decline of Urartu .
History
There are several possible interpretations of Erimena 's rise to power . Igor M. Diakonoff believed that Erimena was the brother of Sarduri III and ruled the state due to the fact that , at the time of the death of Sarduri III , their son Sarduri IV had not yet reached adulthood . Erimena is also known from a seal impression of one of their possible governors , preserved on a stone tablet from Karmir-Blur . In later works , N. V. Harutyunyan , relying on new data from the archaeological excavations at Karmir-Blur , indicated that there are no grounds for such claims and that Erimena simply ascended the throne after Sarduri IV . At the same time , the possibility remains that Erimena was the son of Sarduri IV , and also that Erimena could have been overthrown from the throne by Sarduri IV around 620 BC . and become the founder of a new Urartian dynasty . In addition , there is also a possibility that Sarduri IV was overthrown by Rusa III , the son of Erimena , and Erimena themselves was never king ( similar to how Sarduri I , the son of Lutipri , ascended the throne after Aram ) . Modern science does not have sufficient information to unambiguously resolve these issues .
In the first half of the 20th century , Ivan Meshchaninov suggested that the patronymic of Rusa III does not come from the name of `` Erimena '' , but the nationality `` Armenian. ” This assumption was also expressed by the British historian Richard David Barnett , but later rejected due to the emergence of new data . This assumption , combined with folk legends , gave rise to the opinion that from 620 BC , the Armenian dynasty already ruled in Urartu . Modern science , however , rejects this possibility for both linguistic and historical reasons . Robert Hewsen states that there may be a possible connection between the name of Erimena and the legendary figure Armenak mentioned by Movses Khorenatsi .
See also
List of kings of Urartu
References
External links
Erimena at the British Museum .
Urartian kings
7th-century BC rulers
The 2014 Dubai World Cup was a horse race held at Meydan Racecourse on Saturday 29 March 2014 . It was the 19th running of the Dubai World Cup .
The winner was Godolphin 's African Story , a seven-year-old chestnut gelding trained in Dubai by Saeed bin Suroor and ridden by Silvestre de Sousa . African Story 's victory was the first in the race for their jockey , the sixth for their trainer and the fifth for their owners .
African Story had begun their racing career in France before being sent to race in Dubai and had won four of their eight races on the synthetic Tapeta surface at Meydan . They had also finished behind Animal Kingdom in the 2013 running of the Dubai World Cup . For the 2014 running of the race they started at odds of 12/1 and won by two and three quarter lengths from the British-trained Mukhadram with Cat O'Mountain ( also running for Godolphin ) four and a quarter lengths back in third . The 3/1 favourite Military Attack finished tenth of the sixteen runners .
Race details
Sponsor : Emirates Airline
Purse : £6,024,096 ; First prize : £3,614,457
Surface : Tapeta
Going : Standard
Distance : 10 furlongs
Number of runners : 16
Winner 's time : 2:01.61
Full result
Abbreviations : nse = nose ; nk = neck ; shd = head ; hd = head
Winner 's details
Further details of the winner , African Story
Sex : Gelding
Foaled : 10 March 2007
Country : United Kingdom
Sire : Pivotal ; Dam : Blixen ( Gone West )
Owner : Godolphin
Breeder : Darley Stud
References
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Dubai World Cup
Emma Williams may refer to :
Emma Williams ( actor ) ( born 1983 ) , British actor who starred in The Parole Officer
Emma Williams ( gymnast ) ( born 1983 ) , British gymnast who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Emma Clarissa Williams ( 1874–1952 ) , American church leader , clubwoman and activist
Emma Vyssotsky ( 1894–1975 ) , née Williams , American astronomer
Emma Kennedy ( Elizabeth Emma Williams , born 1967 ) , British comedian
Emma `` Emm '' Williams , a character in Cow ( Only Stwpd Cowz Txt N Drive )
Emma Williams , a character from The Grudge , portrayed by Grace Zabriskie
You Must Be Joking ! is a 1965 black and white British comedy film directed by Michael Winner and starring Michael Callan , Lionel Jeffries , and Denholm Elliott .
The format of the film , four people each doing six tasks linked to a scavenger hunt , allows for 24 otherwise somewhat unconnected comedy vignettes , which jointly create the story line . The items ( purportedly representing British identity ) include flying ducks for the wall , an English rose , the Spirit of Ecstasy from a Rolls-Royce car , an electric hare from a greyhound race and the Lutine Bell .
Plot
Major Foskett , a British Army psychologist , assembles four soldiers for a testing task : Sergeant Major McGregor ( complete with kilt and bearskin ) , Captain Tabasco , Sergeant Clegg ( a father of nine ) , Staff Sergeant Mansfield and United States Air Force Lieutenant Morton . They have their initiative tested in a scavenger hunt .
Their first task is to escape a maze . Tabasco orders up a helicopter to take them out and two others take a ride , but Clegg is left in the maze .
They are instructed to obtain six items , supposedly symbols of the British way of life . The reward for the winner is to be fast-tracked for promotion and a ten-day , all-expenses-paid trip around the world for two . Among the feats to be accomplished within 48 hours are escaping from a maze , retrieving a rare rose and the mascot from a Rolls-Royce motorcar , and procurement of a lock of hair and an autograph from a popular French singer . The final challenge involves the famous Lutine bell from the Underwriting Room of Lloyd 's of London . MacGregor arrives at the finish line by parachute , Tabasco comes in an ambulance , Clegg digs their way in from below . Morton arrives last ( by car ) , but is declared the winner and resigns .
General Lockwood is arrested for misuse of the requisition system . Foskett is arrested for conspiracy to steal the Lutine Bell .
Cast
Michael Callan - Lieutenant Timothy Morton
Lionel Jeffries - Sergeant Major Sidney McGregor
Denholm Elliott - Captain Fitzroy Tabasco
Wilfrid Hyde-White - General Lockwood
Bernard Cribbins - Sergeant Clegg
Terry-Thomas - Major Foskett
James Robertson Justice - Librarian
Gabriella Licudi - Annabelle Nash
Leslie Phillips - Young husband , Mr Walters
Gwendolyn Watts - Young wife , Mrs ( Ducks ) Walters
Patricia Viterbo - Sylvie Tarnet a pop singer
Lee Montague - Staff Sergeant Mansfield
Irene Handl - Elderly Woman
Richard Wattis - Parkins
Miles Malleson - Salesman
Clive Dunn - Doorman at Tv Studio
Tracy Reed - Poppy Pennington
James Villiers - Bill Simpson
Graham Stark - McGregor 's Suez comrade
Ronald Howard - Cecil
Arthur Lowe - Husband
Joan Benham - Wife
Lance Percival - Shifty Man
Peter Bull - Ferocious Man in Library
Peter Barkworth - Recording Studio Manager
Norman Vaughan - Norman Stone
Jon Pertwee - Greyhound Stadium storeman
Peter Gilmore - Private ( gardening duty in greenhouse )
Ed Bishop - US Air Force Soldier at Checkpoint - ( uncredited )
Richard Caldicot - M.O.D . official - ( uncredited )
Damaris Hayman - Fan Club Employee - ( uncredited )
John Horsley - Lloyd 's Director - ( uncredited )
Victor Brooks - commissionaire - ( uncredited )
Peter Barkworth - Television Studio Director - ( uncredited )
Dave Watts keyboards - Ricky Ticky Taylor Pop Star
Production
The film was based on an original story by Michael Winner which was inspired by a real army initiative test where soldiers were asked to get as far away as possible from their camp at Catterick . They hired Alan Hackney , who had written several Boulting Brothers screenplays , to write the script .
While looking for finance , Winner was approached to make a film with the Dave Clark Five , but Winner did not like the idea . Charles H. Schneer liked the Hackney script and agreed to make it under a deal they had with Columbia and Winner says they suggested John Boorman take over the Dave Clark movie . Winner said Columbia insisted that Michael Callan play a lead role . Winner called the actor `` a nice fellow who did n't sell the film in America and did n't help it in England either . ''
Winner hired a cameraman who felt they could not film in the locations that had been chosen , so Winner replaced them with Geoff Unsworth . Johnny Speight did some uncredited writing on the film .
Reception
Winner says the film received good reviews but was not popular at the box office .
TV Guide called the film : `` Lunacy and laughs galore , with director Winner 's gimmicky style much in evidence . ''
Hal Erickson wrote in The New York Times : `` Director Michael Winner was still in their 'mad mod ' period when they lensed the wacky goings-on of You Must be Joking ? Their Death Wish pictures of the 1970s were in 1965 as remote as another galaxy . ''
References
External links
1965 films
1965 comedy films
British comedy films
1960s English-language films
Films directed by Michael Winner
Films scored by Laurie Johnson
Films set in England
Films set in London
Films shot in London
Military humor in film
Films produced by Charles H. Schneer
Films with screenplays by Michael Winner
Films about the British Army
Greyhound racing films
1960s British films
`` Dangerous '' is a song by South African rock band Seether . It is their first single from their eighth studio album Si Vis Pacem , Para Bellum . It peaked at number one on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Songs chart in October 2020 .
Background
The song was first released on 23 June 2020 , at the same time as the band 's announcement of the name and release date of their eighth studio album , Si Vis Pacem , Para Bellum on 28 August 2020 . In just one week in July , the song had accumulated 1.9 million airplay audience impressions , 340,000 streams , and 1,000 downloads in the US . This , coupled with the release of a second promotional song , `` Bruised and Bloodied '' , propelled writer and frontman Shaun Morgan to top the Billboard Hot Hard Rock Songs chart , only the second to top it since its creation in July 2020 . In October 2020 , the song had peaked at number one on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Songs chart .
Themes and composition
Morgan described the single as different from the rest of the album , but not so drastically different that it would upset the fanbase , and they felt that , along with their respective management and record label , that it would stand out at rock radio and make a good single as a result . The song was described as `` despondent '' and `` beautifully tormented '' , containing lyrics such as `` It 's so dangerous , all this blamelessness / and I feel like I 've lost all the good I 've known / See hope fading out of your eyes / This time the pain is going to feel unreal . '' The song was described as `` alternative metal anthem '' and a slow burn building of a `` rock jam '' .
Personnel
Seether
Shaun Morgan – vocals , guitar , production
Dale Stewart – bass
Corey Lowery – guitar
John Humphrey – drums , percussion
Additional personnel
Matt Hyde – engineering , mixing
Charts
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
Seether songs
Songs written by Shaun Morgan
Illilouette Fall is a waterfall on the Illilouette Creek tributary of the Merced River in Yosemite National Park . It is located in a small canyon that cuts into the south wall of Yosemite Valley directly across from Vernal Fall . The origin and meaning of the waterfall 's name has been lost to time .
The fall is prominently visible to the south from both Mist Trail and John Muir Trail near Vernal Fall . However , during low-flow months , the fall can disappear entirely from this perspective . The best vantage point for viewing the waterfall is from the Panorama Trail as it descends from Glacier Point . There is no trail to the base of the fall as the narrow canyon is craggy and inundated with rapids during the wet season . It is possible - though not encouraged - to reach the base of the fall during low-flow months .
Name
The meaning of the name `` Illilouette '' is not known . According to Lafayette Bunnell , the Ahwahneechee name of the waterfall was `` Too-lool-lo-we-ak '' . It was suggested by Bunnell that its literal translation was not appropriate for everyday use ; what that translation was has been lost to time . `` Illilouette '' may have been a perversion of the waterfall 's Ahwahneechee name , though this is not known with any certainty .
See also
Nevada Fall
Bridalveil Fall
References
External links
Waterfalls of Yosemite National Park
Merced River
Horsetail waterfalls
Waterfalls of Mariposa County , California
Okatovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 10 as of 2002 .
Geography
Okatovskaya is located 18 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Nikonovskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
`` Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll '' is a 1977 single by Ian Dury , who popularised the phrase .
Sex and drugs and rock and roll may refer to :
Music
Sex , Drugs & Rock 'n ' Roll , a 1989 album by American heavy metal band the Mentors
`` Sex Drugs & Rock-n-Roll '' , a song by American glam metal Faster Pussycat on their 2006 The Power and the Glory Hole
`` Sex & Drugs & Rock and Roll '' , a song by American heavy metal band Texas Hippie Coalition on their 2012 album Peacemaker
`` Sex , Drugs , Rock 'n ' Roll '' , a 2021 single by American avant-pop musician Will Wood .
Other
Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll ( film ) , a 2010 biographical film about Ian Dury by Mat Whitecross
Sex and Drugs and Rock and Roll : The Life of Ian Dury , a biography of Ian Dury
Sex , Drugs , Rock & Roll ( stage show ) , a one-man stage show by Eric Bogosian
Sex , Drugs , Rock & Roll ( film ) , a 1991 film of the Eric Bogosian stage show
Sex , Drugs , Rock 'N ' Roll & the End of the World , a 1982 American comedy album
Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll ( TV series ) , a 2015 American comedy television series created by and starring Denis Leary
See also
Wine , women and song , the root phrase
A Tale of Sex , Designer Drugs , and the Death of Rock N Roll , a 1998 EP by American rock band Pretty Boy Floyd
Sex and drugs
Georgía Olga Kristiansen ( born 3 January 1979 ) is an Icelandic basketball referee and a former player . They were the first female referee to officiate in the highest competitive tier men 's basketball league in Iceland , Úrvalsdeild karla , and the second female referee to officiate in the top-tier Icelandic women 's basketball league , Úrvalsdeild kvenna , after Indíana Sólveig Marquez . Georgía and Indíana were also the first female referee pair to officiate together the highest competitive tier game in Iceland .
Personal life
Georgía is the great granddaughter of the Danish-born Georgia Björnsson , who they are named after , and Sveinn Björnsson , the first president of Iceland . Georgía 's brother is Davíð Tómas Tómasson , a musician and FIBA referee . On 7 December 2017 they became the first siblings to officiate together the highest competitive tier game in Iceland .
References
1979 births
Living people
Georgía Olga Kristiansen
Georgía Olga Kristiansen
Georgía Olga Kristiansen
Georgía Olga Kristiansen
Women basketball referees
Georgía Olga Kristiansen
Georgía Olga Kristiansen
The Multi-function Unmanned Helicopter `` Black Widow '' is a type of unmanned aerial vehicle developed in Georgia by STC Delta . The system is intended for military as well as for civil purposes . Spheres of usage are border policing , weapon aiming , signals intelligence , disaster monitoring and other roles . Armament of the UAV helicopter is 2 X M-134 minigun and 8 X unguided rocket missiles or 2 X M-134 minigun and 2 lasers guided AT rockets . The vehicle is based on the Exec 162F . It was presented to public on the Independence Day of Georgia in 2015 .
Specifications
External sources
Multi-function Unmanned Helicopter - Official web site of DELTA
References
Military equipment of Georgia ( country )
Unmanned military aircraft of Georgia
Vehicles introduced in 2015
Unmanned helicopters
Channel Point Coastal Reserve is a protected area in the Northern Territory of Australia .
It is situated approximately south west of Darwin opposite the Peron Islands and between the mouth of the Daly River and Channel Point . The reserve overlaps with the Anson Bay , Daly and Reynolds River Floodplains , an Important Bird and Biodiversity Area .
Facilities in the area include a boat ramp , camping area and a small internal road to the boat ramp . The infrastructure development was commenced in 2006 and completed shortly afterward .
The area contains habitat for many species of birds including royal spoonbills , magpie geese , plumed whistling-duck , grey teal and glossy ibis .
See also
Protected areas of the Northern Territory
References
Coastal reserves in the Northern Territory
The Makua or Makhuwa languages are a branch of Bantu languages spoken primarily in Mozambique .
Name
The name Makua ( Macua ) , more precisely Makhuwa , is used on three levels . Some sources distinguish these with differences in spelling 'Makua ' vs. 'Makhuwa ' , but they are not consistent .
Central Makhuwa , or `` Makhuwa-Makhuwana '' , the prestige dialect and the basis of the national language of Mozambique
The Makhuwa language , including various dialects which also go by the name Makhuwa ; sometimes called 'core ' or 'nuclear ' Makua , but this is not consistent
Closely related languages which often have their own names , such as Lomwe ( also known as Western Makua )
Classification
Makhuwa is assigned to Zone P of the Guthrie classification of Bantu languages . With the classification of the other Zone-P languages as Rufiji–Ruvuma , Makhuwa becomes essentially synonymous with Zone P. However , the zones are geographic rather than genealogical clades . The closest relatives of the Makhuwa branch are not clear , but some classifications place them with the Nyasa and Southern Bantu languages .
Makhuwa ( Core Makhuwa , including dialects Makhuwa-Meetto , Makhuwa-Shirima , Makhuwa-Marrevone , etc . )
Koti
Sakati
Lomwe ( including Ngulu dialect )
Chuwabu
Moniga
The core languages , and beyond , have minimal mutual intelligibility .
References
Shur Rud ( , also Romanized as Shūr Rūd ) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 840 , in 203 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Değirmenkaya can refer to :
Değirmenkaya , Kalecik
Değirmenkaya , Karayazı
Değirmenkaya , Seben
KJMG ( or Majic 97 ) is a Defunct FM radio station broadcasting at 97.3 MHz . The station is licensed to Bastrop , LA . The station Airs urban adult contemporary radio format . KJMG Was owned by KP Music Group , LLC . The Studios Were located in Monroe , and its transmitter Was located east of Sterlington , Louisiana .
History
KJMG Majic 97 ( 97.3 FM ) is urban adult contemporary . KJMG Had leaned more heavily on Throwback Hip Hop and R & B from the 90 's and Early 2000
See also
List of radio stations in Louisiana
External links
Majic 97 official website
Radio stations in Louisiana
Urban adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Árbæjarhverfi í Ölfusi ( ) is a municipality in Árnessýslu , Iceland , with a population of 81 people in 2016 . It is the smallest municipality of Iceland in terms of the number of inhabitants . There is now only one dairy farm operating in Ölfusi ( Hvammur ) , but they were numerous in the past . The municipality is composed of the residential areas of Hveragerði , Þorlakshofn Árbæjarhverfi considered to town hall that Hveragerði . In 2011 , the Ölfus assigned a specific postal code , 816 , to distinguish it from other municipality of the South .
References
Populated places in Southern Region ( Iceland )
Sagardighi railway station is a railway station on Nalhati–Azimganj branch line under the Howrah railway division of Eastern Railway zone . It is situated at Sagardighi in Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
History
Nalhati–Azimganj branch line connecting Nalhati Junction to Azimganj Junction railway station was opened on 21 December 1863 as Nalhati–Azimganj State railway . This was purchased by the Government of India in 1872 . It became a part of the East Indian Railway Company in 1892 .
References
Railway stations in Murshidabad district
Howrah railway division
Railway stations opened in 1863
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Morocco Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match . Morocco have taken part in the competition since 1961 .
Players
References
Lists of Davis Cup tennis players
Davis Cup
Tennis , Davis Cup
John Burroughs Hopkins ( July 25 , 1742 – December 5 , 1796 ) was a captain of the Continental Navy during the American Revolutionary War .
Biography
Hopkins was born in Newport , Rhode Island , the son of Continental navy commander-in-chief Esek Hopkins . Johns Hopkins was one of seven commanders involved in the Gaspée Affair , in which a British ship was destroyed . This was one of the leading causes of the Revolutionary War . John B. Hopkins was made one of five captains under their father according to in , December 1775 , the United States Congress Marine Committee 's meeting to discuss ranking the officers . They served in distinction during the war , the Providence Gazette , on March 12 , 1796 , called them an `` eminent nautical commander '' .
References
External links
– cenotaph
Gaspee Info
1742 births
1796 deaths
Continental Navy officers
People from Newport , Rhode Island
Burials at North Burying Ground ( Providence )
People of colonial Rhode Island
People of Rhode Island in the American Revolution
Kiara Laetitia ( real name Chiara Letizia Pernigotti - Tortona June 16 , 1979 ) is an Italian-born rock singer and entrepreneur . They now live in London .
Career
They are known for being the vocalist in Skylark from 2003 to 2011 and their solo EP Fight Now with David DeFeis from Virgin Steele . Fight Now reached # 15 in the Italian Amazon Music Chart in 2013 .
In Japan they are featured in a collection of trading cards together with Ronnie James Dio , Kai Hansen , Marilyn Manson , Kiss , and Metallica . The album The Last Gate reached # 3 in the HMV Japan Charts in 2007 .
In 2014 they launched Musicarchy Media , a rock and metal record label and management company whose artists include Deadly Circus Fire , Haster .
On September 11 , 2017 Kiara Laetitia published their first book Extreme Makeover Music , a management method for independent artists and announced a comeback as a vocalist .
In October 2017 , the album The Last Gate reached the iTunes Top 200 Australian Metal Charts at # 28 , ten years after its release .
In June 2018 Laetitia releases 7th album Bulletproof , this time with Rockstar Frame .
In December 2019 they release their follow-up book ‘ 'Never Give Up The Real Secrets Of The Music Industry '' and a calendar to support mental health awareness .
On May 16 2020 Kiara Laetitia creates Online Female Fest the first virtual all female festival with performances of Lacey Sturm and Share Ross from Vixen among others , which obtained great success worldwide .
Discography
With Skylark
Wings ( 2004 )
In The Heart Of The Princess ( 2005 )
Fairytales ( 2005 )
Divine Gates Part III : The Last Gate ( 2007 )
Live
Divine Gates Part IV : The Live Gate ( 2009 )
Solo
Fight Now ( 2013 , Musicarchy Media )
‘ 'The Power Of Love ‘ ' feat . Sonny Ensabella ( 2019 )
With Rockstar Frame
Christmas Rape ( Single . Dec 15 2017 , Musicarchy Media )
Bulletproof ( Lead and backing vocals . June 15 , 2018 , Musicarchy Media )
Guest work
Books
Extreme Makeover Music - Management Method For Indie Artists
Never Give Up - The Real Secrets Of The Music Industry
Fun Facts
As stated by Alissa White-Gluz in an interview for Bravewords in 2014 , Kiara Laetitia was the one who brought them to the ER when they broke their ribs helping them with the medics
References
Italian musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Pakistan refers to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) and its members in Pakistan . The first branch was organized in Location in Year . The LDS Church does not publish how many members are in pakistan but it is estimated there were roughly 4,000 members in 13 congregations in Pakistan .
History
The first members in Pakistan were foreigners . By 1985 there were branches in Islamabad , Karachi , and Lahore . The first Pakistani missionary from the Islamabad Branch began serving in January 1987 .
In 1993 , approximately 130 members were living in the country and there were two missionary couples serving in Pakistan ; one couple in Karachi and the other in Lahore . In 1995 , the Church was registered with the government and seminary began . Several members home and a meetinghouse was damaged by the 2005 Kashmir earthquake .
Elder Dallin H. Oaks of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles blessed and dedicated the country in August 2007 and met with members in the Pakistan District . A weekday fireside was attended by 475 .
Selections of the Book of Mormon was first published in 1988 with the full translation completed in 2007 .
On November 19 , 2015 , Elder Ronald A. Rasband traveled to Islamabad Pakistan on Nov. 19 where they met with members , missionaries and a variety of civic leaders . They stated that they thanked the Church for their humanitarian relief and hoped the church would become a successful minority religion in Pakistan .
Humanitarian Efforts
Since 1985 , the Church has conducted at least 59 humanitarian and development projects in Pakistan . This includes community projects , emergency response , refugee response , and wheelchair donations . The church provided needed humanitarian aid for sufferers of the 2005 earthquake . 50,000 blankets , 300,000 pounds of medical supplies , 42,000 hygiene kits , and 1,000 winterized tents were initially sent . With the onset of winter , the Church purchased and delivered an additional 150,000 blankets and 5,000 winterized tents in late 2005 . The Church shipped an estimated 400,000 pounds of food , blankets and other relief aid to Pakistan to assist flood victims after the 2010 Pakistan floods . Local members regularly engage in community projects in their cities .
Districts and Congregations
As of July 2022 , Pakistan had the following districts and congregations :
Islamabad Pakistan District
Islamabad 1st Branch
Islamabad 3rd Branch
Rawalpindi Branch
Taxila Branch
Karachi Pakistan District
Karachi 1st Branch
Karachi 2nd Branch
Karachi 3rd Branch
Karachi 4th Branch
Lahore Pakistan District
Faisalabad Branch
Gujranwala Branch
Lahore 1st Branch
Lahore 2nd Branch
Sialkot Branch
Congregations in a district are called branches , regardless of size . A church Family History Center is located in Lahore .
Missions
Pakistan was originally part of the Singapore mission when Missionaries arrived in the 1990s . On Nov. 1 , 2007 , the India New Delhi Mission was organized which included Northern India , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Nepal , and Pakistan . Sometime in the 2010s , the Pakistan Service Mission , headquartered in Islamabad , was created . In 2011 , there were about 30 Pakistani members serving full-time on missions worldwide — with about 20 of them serving in their own country ( constituting the nation 's entire LDS missionary force ) . Unlike most countries with missionaries , missionaries do n't openly proselytize . Instead , missionary work occurs through member referrals .
Temples
There are no temples in Pakistan . Pakistan is currently located within the Hong Kong China Temple District . The Bengaluru India Temple is under construction , and on April 5 , 2020 the announced Dubai United Arab Emirates Temple was announced by Church President Russell M. Nelson . Because of proximity and less rigid visa restrictions and proximity to the airport and tranit systm , the Dubai United Arab Emirates Temple temple is expected to make it easier for Pakistani members to access a church temple .
See also
Religion in Pakistan
References
External links
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints - Official Site
Pakistan Facebook Page ( Unofficial )
Pakistan Facebook Page ( Unofficial )
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints - Newsroom ( India and South Asia )
ComeUntoChrist.org Latter-day Saints Visitor site
Christianity in Pakistan
Letcher County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky . As of the 2020 census , the population was 21,548 . Its county seat is Whitesburg . The county , founded in 1842 , is named for Robert P. Letcher , Governor of Kentucky from 1840 to 1844 .
History
Letcher County is a dry county , with the only exceptions being the Highland Winery , the city of Whitesburg , and the city of Jenkins .
Harry M. Caudill 's 1963 book , Night Comes to the Cumberlands : A Biography of a Depressed Area , brought the county to national attention .
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.3 % ) is water . Letcher County 's natural areas include Bad Branch Falls and the Lilley Cornett Woods .
Adjacent counties
Knott County ( northwest )
Pike County ( northeast )
Wise County , Virginia ( southeast )
Harlan County ( south )
Perry County ( southwest )
National protected area
Jefferson National Forest ( part )
State protected area
Bad Branch Falls State Nature Preserve
Lilley Cornett Woods Experiment Station ( Eastern Kentucky University )
State Parks
Kingdom Come State Park ( part )
Pine Mountain Trail State Scenic Trail ( part )
Pioneer Horse Trail controversy
In an effort to bring tourists to Letcher County and to revitalize the local economy , the Pioneer Horse Trail was constructed on Pine Mountain . The trail , part of an `` adventure tourism '' initiative spearheaded by then Governor Steve Beshear , Beshear 's wife Jane , and Lieutenant Governor Daniel Mongiardo , was completed in 2009 .
However , controversy arose about whether the environment would be harmed during construction . In the summer of 2008 , the Letcher County Fiscal Court had signed an agreement with state officials stating that the county would do an environmental impact study before construction would begin . Documents obtained by the Lexington Herald-Leader under Kentucky 's Open Records Act showed that construction actually began before the study was to take place . County-owned bulldozers started clearing trees in part of a wildlife management area in which heavy equipment was not permitted . Environmental groups are asking the U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service to determine if any species on the threatened or endangered list were harmed .
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 25,277 people , 10,085 households , and 7,462 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 11,405 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.71 % White , 0.51 % Black or African American , 0.10 % Native American , 0.28 % Asian , 0.02 % Pacific Islander , 0.03 % from other races , and 0.35 % from two or more races . 0.44 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 10,085 households , out of which 32.30 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 58.40 % were married couples living together , 11.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 26.00 % were non-families . 24.10 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.10 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.94 .
The age distribution was 23.70 % under the age of 18 , 9.20 % from 18 to 24 , 28.70 % from 25 to 44 , 25.80 % from 45 to 64 , and 12.60 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 38 years . For every 100 females there were 95.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 92.10 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 21,110 , and the median income for a family was $ 24,869 . Males had a median income of $ 30,488 versus $ 17,902 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 11,984 . About 23.70 % of families and 27.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 35.90 % of those under age 18 and 21.20 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
Two public school districts operate in the county .
Letcher County Public Schools
Most K-12 students in the county , with the exception of those living in the far eastern part of the county surrounding Jenkins , are served by the Letcher County Public Schools . The district operates nine elementary/middle schools , one vocational school , one high school , and an alternative education center .
In 2005 , the doors to the new Letcher County Central High School were opened in Ermine ( the school 's postal address , however , is in Whitesburg ) , with total costs of over $ 25,000,000 . The school 's nickname is the Cougars , and the school colors are blue , black , and silver . The school volleyball team has been to the state tournament every year since its creation and the wrestling team has had multiple regional champions . The baseball team has claimed three region titles in 2007 , 2011 , and 2013 , with two state tournament appearances and one semi-state appearance . The boys Cross Country team has had 3 region championships and an individual region champion . The Girls basketball team made a State sweet sixteen appearance .
Jenkins Independent Schools
Students in the Jenkins area are served by the Jenkins Independent Schools , which operates two elementary schools ( located on two campuses in the communities of McRoberts and Burdine ) and a combined middle and high school with grades 7–12 . Jenkins Independent Schools celebrated its 100th year in 2012 . The middle/high school 's athletic nickname is the Cavaliers/Lady Cavaliers . The school colors are Kelly Green and White .
Politics
Letcher County has a somewhat similar political history to West Virginia . Under the Fourth Party System it was a reliable Republican county , voting Republican in every election from 1884 to 1928 . However , with increasing unionization under the New Deal it turned for the next sixty to seventy years into a fairly solid Democratic county , apart from the 1956 and 1972 landslides and the candidacy of John F. Kennedy . However , since 2004 as the Democratic Party has become opposed to coal production due to global warming issues , it has now become a solidly Republican county .
Economy
Coal companies in Letcher County
Alpha Natural Resources
James River Coal Company
Rhino Resource Partners
United Coal Company
Media
Television
Two Public-access television cable TV channels serve Letcher County . The Letcher County Government Channel is Government-access television ( GATV ) , operated by the Letcher County Fiscal Court and airs government meetings , local events , and emergency information . LCPS-TV is operated by the Letcher County Public Schools and airs school announcements , events , and Educational access television programs .
Radio
WTCW
WXKQ-FM
WMMT ( FM ) , community radio station owned by Appalshop
WIFX-FM
WKVG
WNKW
Newspapers
The Mountain Eagle
Letcher County Community News-Press
Infrastructure
Transportation
Public transportation is provided by LKLP Community Action Partnership with demand-response service and scheduled service from Whitesburg to Hazard .
Events
Whitesburg 's July 4 Celebration , is a free event held on the Fourth of July at Riverside Park . The event includes free music , entertainment , fireworks and fun .
Whitesburg Labor Day Celebration , a one-day festival held in Riverside Park on Labor Day Monday . It features food , as well as free music , entertainment and inflatables for the kids .
The town of Fleming-Neon , hosts its annual Neon Area Days the second Friday and Saturday in September . Neon is home to gospel singer Martha Carson . In 1998 they returned to Neon for the festival and was honored .
The Mountain Heritage Festival is held in Whitesburg during the last full week of September .
In Jenkins , Jenkins Homecoming Days are also celebrated annually in August .
Communities
Cities
Blackey
Fleming-Neon
Jenkins
Whitesburg ( county seat )
Census-designated places
Mayking
McRoberts
Millstone
Payne Gap
Other unincorporated places
Beefhide ( partial )
Burdine
Deane
Dunham
Eolia
Ermine
Gaskill
Gilley
Hemphill
Isom
Jeremiah
Letcher
Seco
Notable people
Harry M. Caudill ( 1922–1990 ) , author , historian , professor , lawyer , legislator , and environmentalist
Jack K. Hale ( 1928–2009 ) , mathematician
Emery L. Frazier ( Mayor , state representative , Chief Clerk of the U.S. Senate , Secretary of the U.S. Senate , 1896–1973 )
Gary Stewart ( Country music singer and musician , 1944–2003 )
Martha Carson ( Country/gospel music singer , 1920–2004 )
Lee Sexton ( Country , bluegrass , old-time musician )
Tom Gish , died 2008 , publisher of the Mountain Eagle in Whitesburg , grew up in the county
Francis Gary Powers ( August 17 , 1929 – August 1 , 1977 ) was an American pilot whose CIA U-2 spy plane was shot down while over the Soviet Union , causing the 1960 U-2 incident .
Kenny Baker ( June 26 , 1926 – July 8 , 2011 ) was an American fiddle player best known for their 25-year tenure with Bill Monroe and their group The Blue Grass Boys .
Jessamyn Duke ( mixed-martial artist , professional wrestler )
See also
Caudill , Harry M. , Author of Night Comes to the Cumberlands ( 1963 ) .
National Register of Historic Places listings in Letcher County , Kentucky
References
Further reading
External links
Kentucky counties
Appalachian culture in Kentucky
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1842
1842 establishments in Kentucky
Apoorvaragam ( ) is a 2010 Malayalam-language thriller film written by G. S. Anand and Najeem Koya , and directed by Sibi Malayil . The film stars Nishan , Asif Ali , Nithya Menon , Vinay Forrt , Abhilash and Hima . It released on 16 July 2010 across 42 theaters in Kerala .
The film ran more than 50 days in kerala and became a hit at the box office . It was later dubbed into Telugu as 50 % Love .
Plot
Apoorvaragam is the story of three youngsters Roopesh , Nancy and Tommy . Roopesh has always been in love with Nancy but has never had the nerve to express it . For Nancy , love is something that is beyond words . Tommy is the perfect Cupid , who would make things happen for these two . Slowly Roopesh and Nancy fall in love . Behind their backs Tommy calls Nancy 's father and informs them that their daughter is dating someone from the college . Them daddy trusts them and so does not take this seriously at first . But later when they grow more suspicious , they decide to marry them off to someone they know .
Nancy and Roopesh register their marriage . Tommy makes another call to their father and informs them that their daughter has gotten married . Them father , after verifying this information , comes and meets Roopesh . They tell Roopesh that they are ready to give any amount to them to withdraw from the relation . Roopesh tells them that they are not in love with Nancy and is only doing this for money . Roopesh demands Rs . 1 crore to back out from the relation and Nancy 's father gives it .
Roopesh , Tommy and their third companion Narayanan is later seen trying to do the same with another rich man 's daughter . While the trap was being set , Roopesh gets in touch with Nancy and tells them the truth . They steal their ransom money from their hideout and gives it back to their dad in the hope to reunite with Nancy . But Nancy reveals that they were only pretending to be in love with them because they wanted the money back and that they wanted to break their heart in return . They get engaged to the guy chosen by their father in front of Roopesh .
Tommy and Narayanan follow them back to this place and abduct Roopesh and Nancy . In the fight that follows , Roopesh grabs the gun and shoots Tommy and Narayanan . They then calls Nancy 's father to come and pick them up . When they were about to leave , Roopesh bids their adieu and shoots himself . Nancy cries out loud suggesting that they were in love with Roopesh .
Cast
Nishan as Roopesh
Asif Ali as Tomy
Nithya Menen as Nancy
Vinay Forrt as Narayanan
Abhishek Raveendran as Firoz
Jagathy Sreekumar as adv.charly
Hima Shankar
Santhosh Jogi as Sethu
Aneesh G Menon
Suman as pilipose melipra
Sruthi Menon
L. Raja as Nancy 's father
Reception
Apoorvaragam had a cold reception and neared failure at the box office but word of mouth dragged the film on to run 60 days all over Kerala with average response . There was 35 % removals in its 50th day . It is regarded as one having of the best plot twists in the Malayalam movie industry . It had a never before told love story .
Soundtrack
The songs were composed by Vidyasagar with lyrics penned by Santhosh Varma . The film score was composed by Bijibal .
See also
For the 1975 film directed by K. Balachander , Apoorva Raagangal
References
External links
2010 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
2010s romantic thriller films
Films scored by Vidyasagar
Films directed by Sibi Malayil
Indian romantic thriller films
Igbal ( sometimes Eqbal ) 'Abd al-Latif al-Gharaballi ( born 1952 ) is a Kuwaiti novelist .
Al-Gharaballi possesses a bachelor 's degree in computer science , and worked for a time as a computer programmer at Kuwait Airways ; they have also worked for the Kuwaiti Transportation Company during their career . They have published a number of novels and a memoir , and their work has appeared in the magazines al-Nahda and al-Yaqza .
References
1952 births
Living people
Kuwaiti women novelists
Kuwaiti novelists
20th-century novelists
20th-century women writers
Women memoirists
Kuwaiti memoirists
Abraham Govaerts ( 1589 – 9 September 1626 ) was a Flemish painter who specialized in small cabinet-sized forest landscapes in the manner of Jan Brueghel the Elder and Gillis van Coninxloo . They were a regular collaborator with other artists who were specialists in specific genres . Govaerts would paint the landscape while these specialists painted the figures , animals or still life elements .
Life
[ [ File : Bacchus , Venus and Ceres , an allegory of Autumn by Abraham Govaerts and Hendrik van Balen I.jpg|thumb|280px|Bacchus , Venus and Ceres , an allegory of Autumn , collaboration with Hendrik van Balen ] ]
They were born in Antwerp where their father was an art dealer . There is no information on their training . In view of the influence on their early oeuvre of Jan Brueghel the Elder , some believe they may have apprenticed in the latter 's workshop but there is no evidence for this . They became a master in Antwerp 's Guild of Saint Luke in 1607–1608 .
They married Isabella Gielis , with whom they had two daughters named Isabella and Suzanna . They were active throughout their career in Antwerp . They became deacon of the local Guild of Saint Luke in 1623 .
They trained several artists including Alexander Keirincx , Nicolaes Aertsens and Gysbrecht van der Berch.Hans Devisscher . `` Govaerts , Abraham '' , Grove Art Online . Oxford University Press , [ accessed 31 October 2016 ] .
They were one of the many people who died during an epidemic in Antwerp . They died on 9 September 1626 and their wife followed them in death a few days later on 13 September 1626 . After their premature death , their unfinished works were completed by a number of artists including Alexander Keirincx , Jasper van der Lanen , Jasper Adriaenssens , Nicolaes Aertsens , Antoon Bellieur , Peter Meulevelt and Jan Viers.Frans Jozef Peter Van den Branden , Geschiedenis der Antwerpsche schilderschool , Antwerpen , 1883 , p. 462
Work
Govaerts was a landscape specialist , and was known for their wooded landscapes which included a diminutive history , mythological or biblical subject or a hunting scene . Their landscapes initially followed the Mannerist style of the three-colour world landscape in which the figures are bracketed by repoussoir trees . Their palette at the time exaggerated the brown foreground and the blue tones in the foliage . An example is the composition Diana and Actaeon ( Pushkin Museum , Moscow ) .
Another major influence was the landscape painter Gillis van Coninxloo . A painting entitled Landscape with River Vale and Falcon Hunt ( Museum Mayer van den Bergh , Antwerp ) is inspired by the work of Joos de Momper .
From 1620 onwards the Mannerist aspect of their palette was replaced by pure and brilliant colours applied in light stippling . They juxtaposed various colours to achieve gradual shading and gentle transitions . This style was more reminiscent of the work of Jan Breughel the Elder . They strived for a dynamic effect in their work by placing dramatic and contorted tree trunks in the foreground and using stark light–dark effects .
As was common at the time , Govaerts often collaborated with other artists who were specialists in specific genres . Govaerts would take care of the landscape while these specialists painted the figures , animals or still life elements . They collaborated often with members of the Francken family such as Frans Francken the Younger and Ambrosius Francken I . Other collaborators included Sebastiaen Vrancx and Hendrick van Balen . An example of such a collaboration is the composition An elegant couple strolling through the forest '' where Govaerts had the assistance of Sebastiaen Vrancx who painted the figures and dog in the landscape . A landscape composition painted in collaboration with Frans Francken the Younger ( Château de Compiègne ) showing an open view of a river is uncharacteristic for their oeuvre .
References
External links
Flemish Baroque painters
Flemish landscape painters
1589 births
1626 deaths
Painters from Antwerp
Alan Simpson ( 1921–1980 ) was an Irish theatre director .
Simpson was born in Dublin , Ireland , the son of Walter Simpson , a Church of Ireland clergyman . They were called up to the army in 1941 . In 1945 they transferred onto the army reserve and joined the Gate Theatre , Dublin as stage manager .
Career
In 1953 Simpson co-founded the Pike Theatre along with their wife Carolyn Swift . On November 19 , 1954 , Simpson staged the first ever production of The Quare Fellow by Brendan Behan , and , in 1955 , they mounted the first Irish production of Samuel Beckett 's Waiting for Godot , which went on to become one of the longest-running productions in Ireland up until that time . In 1957 they staged Tennessee Williams ' The Rose Tattoo during the first International Dublin Theatre Festival . Despite being hugely successful and receiving positive reviews from both Irish and English critics , the production sparked controversy when a member of the audience claimed to have seen a contraceptive produced during the performance . Simpson was arrested on May 21 , 1957 [ DIB ] on a charge of producing an indecent and profane performance for gain and was incarcerated for one night at Bridewell . Despite the court case dragging on for the next year , Simpson was eventually discharged . However , the costly legal proceedings had a devastating impact on Simpson both financially and personally and eventually led to the closure of the Pike theatre in 1960 . After their marriage to Swift broke down in 1961 , they worked in several theatre productions in England and Scotland , after which they were hired as artistic adviser to the Abbey Theatre on a ten-month contract in 1968 . Between 1969 and 1976 they directed numerous productions including The Hard life , They Stoop to Conquer , The Quare Fellow and others . They also staged in several musicals such as Jesus Christ Superstar in 1973 and Joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat at the Gaiety Theatre . They later moved to the United States of America where they lectured at New York State University in 1978 and directed Androcles and the lion by George Bernard Shaw .
Simpson divorced their first wife , Carolyn Swift . They then married Irish actor , Eileen Colgan . Simpson and Colgan remained together until their death in 1980 .
References
1920 births
1980 deaths
Irish theatre directors
Place of birth missing
La Paloma Theatre is a historic Spanish Colonial Revival style movie theater in Encinitas , California .
History
It was constructed in 1927-28 by Frank E. Brown and was originally a silent movie theater with 540 seats . It had an orchestra section and small balcony sections . The architect was Edward J. Baum .
The La Paloma Theater formally opened on February 11 , 1928 , with a showing of `` The Cohens and Kelleys in Paris . '' The opening event for the movie was attended by actor Mary Pickford . Charlie Chaplin also performed at the theater .
It was one of the first theaters to show `` talkies '' as the talking pictures first premiered in 1927 . In 1928 they installed sound equipment for talking movies , which had only originated in 1927 .
The theater includes handmade and painted floor tiles that were created by Claycraft Potteries in Los Angeles .
Current Use
Today , the theater is used for live performances and artists such as Loreena McKennitt , Nickel Creek , Ralph Stanley , Jerry Garcia and Eddie Vedder have performed there . It is owned by Alan Largent who had a restoration done in 2016 .
References
External links
Official La Paloma Theater website
Cinemas and movie theaters in California
History of San Diego County , California
Event venues established in 1928
Buildings and structures in San Diego County , California
Spanish Colonial Revival architecture in California
Encinitas , California
Deh-e Hoseyni ( , also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩoseynī ) is a village in Ghazali Rural District , Miyan Jolgeh District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 663 , in 134 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The 5.8×42mm / DBP87 ( `` Dàn ( 弹 ) Bùqiāng ( 步枪 ) Pŭtōng ( 普通 ) , 1987 '' ; literally `` Standard Rifle Cartridge , 1987 '' ) is a military rimless bottlenecked intermediate cartridge developed in the People 's Republic of China . There is limited information on this cartridge , although the People 's Liberation Army claims that it is superior to the 5.56×45mm NATO and Soviet 5.45×39mm cartridges .
Another variant called the DBP88 `` heavy round '' was designed specifically for squad automatic weapons and designated marksman rifles . The 5.8×42mm `` heavy round '' cartridge has the same dimensions as the standard 5.8×42mm cartridge , but utilizes a longer streamlined bullet with a heavy steel core for increased performance at extended ranges and penetration . As of 2010 all 5.8×42mm cartridge variants have been succeeded by the DBP10 variant .
History
China started development of the 5.8×42mm cartridge in 1979 and finalized the cartridge in 1987 . The 5.8×42mm / DBP87 was designed to replace the Soviet 7.62×39mm and 5.45×39mm cartridges used by the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) . The Type 95 / QBZ-95 ( Chinese : 轻武器 , 步枪 , 自动 , 1995 ; Pinyin : Qīng wǔqì , Bùqiāng , Zìdòng , 1995 ; literally `` Light weapon , Rifle , Automatic , 1995 '' ) 5.8 mm caliber assault rifle , firing the 5.8×42mm / DBP87 or the improved DBP95 , is now the standard issue weapon in the PLA . The DBP87 service round was quickly supplemented in 1988 by the DBP88 round which was loaded with a heavier more aerodynamic projectile for improved extended range performance .
The 5.8×42mm is an example of an international tendency towards relatively small sized , light weight , high velocity military service cartridges . Cartridges like the Belgian 5.56×45mm NATO , Soviet 5.45×39mm , and Chinese 5.8×42mm allow a soldier to carry more ammunition for the same weight compared to their larger and heavier predecessor cartridges , have favourable maximum point-blank range or `` battle zero '' characteristics and produce relatively low bolt thrust and free recoil impulse , favouring light weight arms design and automatic fire accuracy .
In June 2004 , an improved version of the 5.8×42mm cartridge entered development as the matching ammunition for the revised assault rifle , Type 95-1 . Both designs were finalized in 2010 and production began the same year . This new cartridge is known as DBP10 .
To improve accuracy and barrel life the barrel was also redesigned . The number of rifling grooves was increased from 4 to 6 . The diameter of the lands was slightly increased from 5.8 to 5.84 mm to 5.82 to 5.86 mm . The groove diameter was decreased from 6.01 to 6.07 mm to 5.98 to 6.02 mm . In addition , the twist rate in the revised 95-1 assault rifle was reduced from 240 mm to 210 mm . These changes reduced the rifling twist rate from 41.2 to 36 calibers .
The People 's Liberation Army claims that the 5.8×42mm is superior to the 5.56×45mm NATO SS109 and the 5.45×39mm 7N6 ; stating it has better armor penetration of 10 mm at 300 meters , a flatter trajectory , and a higher retention of velocity and energy downrange .
5.8×42mm cartridge variants
DBP87
The DBP87 cartridge with bullets has a muzzle velocity of from a standard barrel ( Type 95 / QBZ-95 , 463 mm barrel length ) , and from the Type 95 LSW ( 557 mm barrel length ) . The bullet has a ballistic coefficient ( G7 BC ) of approximately 0.156 .
The steel core has a diameter of . In order to save cost , several compromises were made . In particular , the cartridge case is made of steel , which is cheaper than brass . To reduce the chance of rust , the case is covered in a thin layer of protective paint in dark brown . To ensure high extraction reliability , the case has a thick rim and a large extractor groove .
DBP88
The DBP88 `` heavy round '' cartridge has a bullet and a muzzle velocity of from a standard barrel ( Type 95 / QBZ-95 , 463 mm barrel length ) , and from the Type 95 LSW / Type 95 SAW / QJB-95 ( 557 mm barrel length ) , and from the Type 88 / QBU-88 ( 620 mm barrel length ) . The bullet has a ballistic coefficient ( G7 BC ) of approximately 0.210 . It has an effective range of and can penetrate 3 mm steel plates at a distance of .
The DBP95 cartridge was developed in 1995 for the QBZ-95 . The DBP95 is an improved version of the DBP87 that uses a cleaner propellant and non corrosive primer . Its performance remains similar and the production costs are higher , but the negative effects on the weapon are reduced . It is basically the same round as the DBP87 other than these minor differences , and was used until 2010 when it was replaced by the DBP10 .
DBP10
The DBP10 cartridge is the newest 5.8mm variant to date . It was developed in 2010 and has a hardened steel-cored bullet , a muzzle velocity of and is designed to match all currently serving 5.8×42mm chambered weapons . As such , it will consolidate and replace all previous DBP87/95 and DBP88 5.8×42mm rounds . The bullet has a ballistic coefficient ( G7 BC ) of approximately 0.193 .
Major improvements include a non-corrosive primer , a copper-coated steel case with a copper alloy bullet jacket with a diameter hardened steel core for better penetration of ( body ) armor . It also uses a cleaner burning propellant so as not to leave residue inside the weapon after firing . However , although testing of the previous DBP87/95 5.8 mm rounds showed that they were less likely to cause serious wounds , the issue was not addressed with the new DBP10 round . DBP10 has an operating pressure of .
The DBP10 cartridge weighs . The accuracy of fire at ( R50 ) is stated as , at ( R50 ) is stated as and at ( R50 ) is stated as . R50 at a specific range means the closest 50 percent of the shot group will all be within a circle of the mentioned diameter at that range . The circular error probable method employed by the Chinese and other ( European ) militaries can not be converted and is not comparable to the common US methods ( groupsize of 5 or 10 successive shots fired at 100 yards ) for determining accuracy .
DBU-141
QBU-141 , a small caliber sniper rifle is chambered with DBU-141 high-precision ammunition in a 10-round box magazine . The specifically designed munition improves accuracy , whereas China 's previous sniper rifles use standard machine gun rounds .
DBP-191
According to Chinese media , the new generation service rifle QBZ-191 is chambered in the Chinese-proprietary 5.8×42mm caliber with a redesigned DBP-191 ammunition that has better ballistic performance .
Use
Chinese Type 87 assault rifle
Chinese Type 95 / QBZ-95 assault rifle
Chinese Type 95B / QBZ-95B carbine
Chinese Type 95 LSW / Type 95 SAW / QBB-95 light support weapon / squad automatic weapon
Chinese Type 88 / QJY-88 light machine gun
Chinese Type 88 / QBU-88 designated marksman rifle
Chinese Type 03 / QBZ-03 assault rifle
Chinese Type 191 / QBZ-191 assault rifle
Chinese Type 191 / QBZ-191 carbine
Chinese Type 191 / QBU-191 designated marksman rifle
Chinese Type 191 / QJB-191 light support weapon / squad automatic weapon
Chinese CS/LR3 sniper rifle
Chinese QJS-161 light machine gun
Chinese integrated combat system QTS-11
See also
5 mm caliber
.22 Savage Hi-Power
6 mm SAW
.243 Winchester
6.5×54mm Mannlicher–Schönauer
6mm BR
List of rifle cartridges
Table of handgun and rifle cartridges
References
External links
Photo of 5.8 × 42mm ammunition
QBZ-95 assault rifle
QBZ-95 5.8mm Automatic Weapons
5.8 mm firearms
Pistol and rifle cartridges
Military cartridges
The Keelung City Council or Keelung Municipal Council ( KMC ; ) is the elected city council of Keelung City , Republic of China . The council composes of 32 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018 .
Organization
Review Committees
Civil Administration
Finance
Construction
Education
Procedure Committee
Discipline Committee
Transportation
The council is accessible within walking distance East of Keelung Station of Taiwan Railways .
See also
Keelung City Government
References
External links
City councils in Taiwan
Keelung
John P. Campo , Sr. ( February 24 , 1938 - November 14 , 2005 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse trainer .
Campo was born in East Harlem , New York and raised in Ozone Park , Queens . They are best known as the trainer of 1981 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Pleasant Colony . Among their other notable horses , John Campo conditioned both of 1973 's 2-year-old Eclipse Award winners , the Champion 2-Year-Old Filly Talking Picture , the exceptional Jim French , and Champion 2-Year-Old Colt , Protagonist .
In January 1986 , Campo suffered a devastating loss when thirty-six of their thirty-eight horses died when a fire swept through their racetrack barn at Belmont Park .
After suffering a stroke , John Campo retired in 1996 . During their thirty years training horses they saddled 1,431 winners from 12,826 starters . They were living in Hewlett , New York on Long Island when they died in 2005 . They are buried at Pinelawn Memorial Park in Farmingdale , New York on Long Island . Their son , Paul J. Campo , is the racing secretary for the New York Racing Association . John P. Campo Jr. followed in their father 's footsteps and is also a trainer .
References
2003 Churchill Downs story on trainer John Campo
John P. Campo , Sr. 's obituary at Bloodhorse.com
1938 births
2005 deaths
American horse trainers
People from Hewlett , New York
People from Ozone Park , Queens
People from East Harlem
The yellow-spotted bush sparrow or yellow-spotted petronia ( Gymnoris pyrgita ) is a species of bird in the sparrow family , Passeridae .
It is common throughout the Sahel and the Horn of Africa . Its natural habitats are dry savannah and subtropical or tropical dry lowland grassland .
References
Yellow-spotted petronia
Birds of the Sahel
Birds of the Horn of Africa
Yellow-spotted petronia
Taxa named by Theodor von Heuglin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Akhaltsikheli ( ; pl . Akhaltsikhelebi , ახალციხელები ) were a Georgian noble family prominent in the end of the 12th to the mid-13th centuries . Their name came from the city of Akhaltsikhe , their original fiefdom .
They branched out from the Toreli ( Thoreli ) ducal family towards the end of the 12th century and through loyal service to the Georgian crown acquired more lands including those ruled by their kinsmen from the Thoreli house . As a result of the Khwarezmian and Mongol invasions , the family declined , lost their possessions to other noble families , and virtually became extinct by the end of the 13th century .
The most prominent of them were :
Shalva of Akhaltsikhe
Ivane of Akhaltsikhe ( died 1225 ) , Shalva 's brother , prominent military commander who was appointed governor general of Kars in 1205/1206 and granted the titles of Atabek and Amira . They were killed by the Khwarezmians in the Battle of Garni .
Pharadavla of Akhaltsikhe ( died 1244 ) , Shalva 's son ; They fled to the Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm when the Mongols took control of Georgia , and joined the army of sultan Kaykhusraw II . Together with another refuge from Georgia , Dardin Sharvashisdze , they commanded Georgian auxiliaries at the Battle of Köse Dağ in 1243 where the Seljuk Turks were crushed by the Mongol commander Bayju . Sharvashisdze was killed in action , and the sultan later had Pharadavla assassinated .
References
Shoshiashvili , N. History of the Toreli feudal house and Shota Rustaveli . In : Shota Rustaveli , Tbilisi , 1966 ( Georgian )
Georgian-language surnames
Noble families of Georgia ( country )
People from Akhaltsikhe
Holy Family is a 1586-1588 oil on canvas painting by El Greco , painted during their time in Toledo and now in that city 's Museum of Santa Cruz .
They frequently returned to the subject of the Holy Family . In this variant they show the Christ Child in Mary 's lap . To the left is Mary 's mother St Anne , whilst to the right are Saint Joseph and the infant John the Baptist . A later 1590s variant uses a similar composition but omits John and changes the poses of Joseph and Anne .
Bibliography
ÁLVAREZ LOPERA , José , El Greco , Madrid , Arlanza , 2005 , Biblioteca « Descubrir el Arte » , ( colección « Grandes maestros » ) . .
SCHOLZ-HÄNSEL , Michael , El Greco , Colonia , Taschen , 2003. .
External links
Paintings by El Greco
El Greco
1590s paintings
Paintings depicting John the Baptist
Paintings in Toledo , Spain
Aufgang ( Ascent ) is a violin concerto written by the French composer Pascal Dusapin for Renaud Capuçon between 2008 and 2011 . The violinist premièred it in 2013 in Cologne . They subsequently performed it in Seattle , London and in Switzerland , before recording it with Myung-whun Chung conducting the Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France in 2015 .
Since its première , the concerto has been taken up by other soloists , notably Viktoria Mullova and Carolin Widmann .
Overview
Dusapin started writing Aufgang in 2008 but set it aside after a while . A meeting with Capuçon some time later inspired them to pick it up again and finish it in 2011 . The work can be seen as a struggle between emerging light ( the violin ) and menacing shadows ( the orchestra ) . Indeed , according to the composer , `` the conflict between darkness and dazzlement becomes the driving force '' in the concerto .
It follows the traditional three-movement concerto structure and lasts about 30 minutes .
The piece starts with the violin playing in the extremely high register , in striking contrast with the accompanying low cellos and double basses . Tension increasingly grows as the music progresses and more instruments intervene . The second movement is the longest of the three . Here , the soloist is joined by a quasi-ritualistic flute and the two enter into dialogue . Finally , the brief last movement sees the violin fleeing back to the highest register above wild orchestral outbursts .
Reception
Aufgang been described as `` a wonderfully coherent work of irresistible sweep '' that provides `` real substance '' and `` was composed by Dusapin with enormous finesse '' .
Discography
Rihm , Dusapin , Mantovani : Violin Concertos , Renaud Capuçon ( violin ) , Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France , Myung-whun Chung ( conductor ) , 2016 , Erato-2564 602687 .
Pascal Dusapin : Concertante Works , Carolin Widmann ( violin ) Orchestre National des Pays de la Loire , Pascal Rophé ( conductor ) , 2018 , BIS-2262 .
References
Compositions by Pascal Dusapin
2011 compositions
Violin concertos
Hamilton West—Ancaster—Dundas is a provincial electoral district in Ontario , Canada . It elects one member to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario . This riding was created in 2015 .
Members of Provincial Parliament
Election results
References
Map of riding for 2018 election
Ontario provincial electoral districts
Politics of Hamilton , Ontario
Guta raJehovah or Guta ra Jehovah ( English : City of Jehovah ) , also known as the City of God , is a church and series of religious healing communities located across Zimbabwe . The beliefs of this church stem from the Methodist teachings that were present across Southern Africa at this time as well as more traditional healing practices indigenous to the area . The church was founded in 1954 by renowned faith healer Mai Chaza following their departure from the area 's Methodist church with the community 's first independent healing centre , what those in the church refer to as a Guta , being established in a village outside of Zimbabwe 's capital , Harare ( formerly known as Salisbury ) . This community , and Guta ra Jehovah more widely , was founded on curing the sick through spirituality and prayer particularly through Mai Chaza 's perceived ability of being able to successfully pray for barren women to conceive . Not only was Mai Chaza known widely for their powers as a healer , they were referred to by their followers as `` Matenga '' , meaning `` heavens '' . With this view , Mai Chaza was viewed in a messianic way as the human embodiment of the Holy Spirit on Earth forming the basis of Guta raJehovah 's beliefs and attracting followers to these healing communities . Those seeking treatment would travel to spend time living in the church 's compounds undergoing spiritual healing from Mai Chaza and through other prayer rituals for days , months and even years at a time , practices that continue to this day .
Throughout the 1950s , Guta raJehovah experienced relative success with large amounts of people travelling from all over Zimbabwe and other Southern African countries to receive the faith healing offered by Mai Chaza , their followers and their rituals . The number of followers at the height of the church 's popularity was estimated to be around 60,000 . However , despite continuing to this day , the church has struggled to maintain its popularity and prominence following the death of their spiritual leader in 1960 with only around 3,000 followers still existing today .
History
Mai Chaza and Formation
The history of Guta raJehovah is closely linked with the history of its founder and spiritual leader , Mai Chaza . Varied stories about their past exist but it is widely accepted that they lived as a wife and mother preaching within the Wesleyan Methodist community in Harare until a disagreement with their husband , based on their own mental or unknown physical illness , saw their cast from their home and returned to their childhood family . From this illness , Mai Chaza `` died '' in 1948 and claimed to have been `` resurrected '' after meeting God and being divinely ordered to return to Earth to heal both physical and spiritual ills . Thus , their image of a powerful spiritual healer was established .
This claim to divine powers was not accepted by the Methodist Church Mai Chaza had been a part of and so they developed an independent preaching circuit attracting people based on their healing abilities and own connection to the Holy Spirit . As more people began to flock towards the charismatic leader , the first Guta was built and the overall church of Guta raJehovah was established .
After Mai Chaza
Following a number of years of relative success and popularity healing through the church 's spiritual compounds , Mai Chaza passed away in 1960 leaving no successor and with the mysterious phrase `` I will not have a grave here on earth '' indicating that their spirit would continue despite their bodily death . This left somewhat of a vacuum in the church with no clear physical leadership existing beyond the spirit of Mai Chaza which members continue to follow and believe in .
Attempts to fill this void in more recent years have seen the church splinter into a number of different sects led by new leaders claiming to be the latest embodiment of God and the manifestation of the Holy Spirit that Mai Chaza possessed . Most notably , Guta raMwari was established in 1974 in Bulawayo , Zimbabwe by Taxwell Tayali , a member of the church who was believed to be the second `` host '' of God . This splinter sect continues the practices of Guta raJehovah to this day and remains relatively popular compared to the original church despite continuing to experience further division into smaller individual sects .
Location
Guta raJehovah has experienced numerous locations throughout the church 's history . Following Mai Chaza 's departure from the Methodist church in 1954 , they took up residency healing individuals in Kandava village approximately 20 miles South-East of Harare . On a small acre sized plot , the headman of this particular village granted the healer and their followers permission to construct a few hundred mud-and-pole huts , forming the foundation for the first Guta ra Jehovah community . At this site , approximately 2,500 people lived in 615 huts focused around a central brick house that was occupied by Mai Chaza .
A suspected disagreement between Mai Chaza and the local village leader and an unknown fire that swept through the compound in Kandava saw the community leave for a new location . A new larger site for Guta raJehovah was established just outside the city of Mutare ( formerly known as Umtali ) in July 1956 . This location experienced a far more successful existence as a Guta and continues to act as the headquarters of the Guta raJehovah community today attracting those in search of healing .
Another key location for the church is located in Zvimba , approximately 160 kilometres from Harare , where another Guta was established by Mai Chaza just prior to their death in 1959 . It was here that Mai Chaza passed away from a mysterious illness and as such has become `` what Jerusalem is to Christians '' as somewhat of a holy site for current members of the church .
The locations at both Zvimba and Mutare continue to heal and act in the footsteps of Mai Chaza as two somewhat individual communities of Guta raJehovah which outside followers continue to make regular pilgrimages to .
Beliefs and Practices
The exact rituals and practices of Guta raJehovah have remained relatively unknown given the community 's desire to keep their compounds somewhat private from non-congregants . However , a number of key beliefs of the religion have been revealed .
Beliefs
The members of Guta raJehovah hold a unique understanding of God particularly in regards to their founder Mai Chaza . An interview with a member of Guta raJehovah in 2016 expressed the community 's opinion of their leader saying `` although [ she ] had a human body , they were actually God '' . This belief is reflective of the community 's wider view that Mai Chaza was an embodiment of the holy spirit and a messenger of God . This is further demonstrated through the various divine titles they were given including `` Matenga '' and `` Mwari '' meaning `` God '' . In a similar way , this understanding of Mai Chaza as holding the spirit of God has shaped their belief in terms of their death . Rather than them being completely gone , members of Guta raJehovah continue to believe that they continue their work in Heaven .
A large portion of the 'healing ' process that is undergone within Guta raJehovah involves confession . To be granted permission to enter a Guta , new arrivals must confess all past sins they have committed . This process was introduced by Mai Chaza at the establishment of the church and can be seen as a connection to the belief held by members that a sinful life is directly related to an individual 's physical and mental ailments . Further , members of Guta raJehovah also hold that confession and coming to terms with one 's sins is the path to healing with a failure to heal simply being failure on the part of the individual to admit to all their past sins .
Practices
A rare insight into the daily practices of Guta raJehovah was provided by the Sunday Mail Zimbabwe in 2016 when a reporter was allowed to document the community . Each member is required to attend three church services each day , beginning with a procession in the morning where sinners are required to confess and followed with further prayer and exorcism of personal demons throughout the day .
Uniforms
Members of Guta raJehovah are also required to wear uniforms . For the men , uniforms consist of a khaki shorts and a short-sleeved top along with a cross belt while the women are required to wear long white dresses . It has been argued that these uniforms continue the idea and symbolism of healing present in the Guta raJehovah communities , with the required clothes , particularly of the women , somewhat reminiscent of the uniforms of nurses .
References
Churches in Zimbabwe
Buildings and structures in Mashonaland West Province
Protestant church buildings in Africa
Yoon Mee-hyang ( ; born 1964 ) is a South Korean human rights activist , politician , and author . They were the former head of the Korean Council for Justice and Remembrance for the Issues of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan , an organization dedicated to advocacy for former comfort women , who were forced into sexual slavery during World War II . They are the author of 25 Years of Wednesdays : The Story of the `` Comfort Women '' and the Wednesday Demonstrations .
In April 2020 , Yoon was elected to National Assembly of the Republic of Korea , in a seat allocated by proportional representation .
In September 2020 Yoon was suspended from the Democratic Party after being indicted by the Seoul Western District Prosecutors ' Office on eight charges including fraud , embezzlement and breach of trust for misappropriating donations and government subsidies from the comfort women advocacy organization they were leading .
Education
Yoon was born in Namhae , South Gyeongsang Province , in 1964 . They graduated from Hanshin University in 1987 and earned a master 's degree in social welfare from Ewha Womans University in 2007 .
Advocacy
Since the 1990s , Yoon has been a leader of the Korean Council for the Women Drafted for Military Sexual Slavery by Japan , now called the Korean Council for Justice and Remembrance for the Issues of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan . The organization was established in 1990 to advocate for the rights of former comfort women . Since January 1992 , the council has organized over 1000 weekly rallies in front of the Japanese embassy in Seoul to raise awareness of the issue of war violence against women . The group has called upon the Japanese government to issue a formal apology and compensation to former comfort women .
Yoon 's book on the subject , 20 Years of Wednesdays : The Unshakable Hope of the Halmoni - Former Japanese Military Comfort Women ( ) , was published in 2010 in Korean , and translated into Japanese the following year . A 2016 follow-up , 25 Years of Wednesdays ( ) , included information on the new agreement between the Korean and Japanese governments to peacefully resolve the issue . An English translation by Koeun Lee was published in 2019 .
Yoon established the War and Women 's Human Rights Museum in Seoul in 2012 . They have also served as a founding member of the Korea Women 's Foundation and as executive director of the Women 's Subcommittee of the National Reunification Movement . Yoon appears in The Apology , a documentary film directed by Tiffany Hsiung and featuring former comfort women Gil Won-Ok , Adela Reyes Barroquillo , and Cao Hei Mao .
Election
On April 15 , 2020 , Yoon was elected to a proportional representation National Assembly seat as a candidate of the Platform Party , a satellite party of the Democratic Party of Korea .
Controversy
In May 2020 , Lee Yong-soo , a 91 year old comfort woman survivor , accused Yoon of not using the public donations to benefit the comfort women victims . In a press conference , Lee Yong-soo accused Yoon and their organization of financially and politically exploiting the survivors for 30 years . Lee also stated that Yoon “ must not become a member of the National Assembly . They must first solve this problem. ” Lee stated they did not support Yoon 's parliamentary candidacy and accused Yoon of lying about having their support during the election .
As a result , the Korean Prosecutor-General , Yoon Seok-youl , ordered an investigation into the Korean Council for Justice and Remembrance for the allegations of financial fraud and embezzlement . , a lawmaker from the United Future Party , raised the issue that Yoon may have been using donations meant for the comfort women for personal purposes , while other lawmakers have called on them to resign from their seat . However , representatives of the ruling Democratic Party of which Yoon is a lawmaker-elect member , decided to wait for the outcome of the prosecutors ' investigation .
In September 2020 , prosecutors formally indicted Yoon on charges including fraud , embezzlement and breach of trust . In addition Yoon has been accused of quasi-fraud against Gil Won-ok , another survivor , who , according to the prosecution , suffers from dementia , which Yoon exploited to press them into donating a total of 79.2 million won to the Korean Council between November 2017 and January 2020 .
Only then , the Democratic Party suspended the party membership of Rep. Yoon Mee-hyang , who became a proportional lawmaker based on their career of supporting comfort women survivors .
Awards and honours
In 2012 , Yoon was awarded the 9th annual Seoul Women 's Award .
In 2013 , Yoon was awarded the Late Spring Unification Award , given to individuals who have contributed to national reconciliation and reunification . The same year , they were named a co-winner of Hanshin University 's Hanshin Prize , given to individuals for their outstanding contributions to society .
References
Living people
1964 births
South Korean women activists
South Korean women 's rights activists
South Korean human rights activists
Ewha Womans University alumni
People from Namhae County
Members of the National Assembly ( South Korea )
South Korean politicians convicted of crimes
South Korean fraudsters
People convicted of embezzlement
1917 Országos Bajnokság I ( men 's water polo ) was the 11th water polo championship in Hungary . There were two teams who played one match for the title .
Final list
* M : Matches W : Win D : Drawn L : Lost G+ : Goals earned G- : Goals got P : Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső : Aranykor ( Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt. , Budapest , 2002 . )
1917 in water polo
1917 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Zorica Nikolin ( born 8 April 1961 ) is a Serbian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman International Master ( 1982 ) . They are a two-time winner of the Yugoslav Women 's Chess Championship ( 1985 , 1987 ) .
Biography
In the 1980s Zorica Nikolin was one of the leading Yugoslav women 's chess players . They twice won the Yugoslav Women 's Championship in 1985 and 1987 . In 1982 , they were awarded the FIDE Woman International Master ( WIM ) title .
They participated three times in the Women 's World Chess Championship Interzonal Tournaments :
In 1982 , at Interzonal Tournament in Tbilisi shared 10th-11th place ;
In 1987 , at Interzonal Tournament in Tuzla shared 15th-16th place ;
In 1995 , at Interzonal Tournament in Chişinău shared 39th-42nd place .
Nikolin played for Yugoslavia in the Women 's Chess Olympiads :
In 1982 , at first reserve board in the 10th Chess Olympiad ( women ) in Lucerne ( +3 , =4 , -3 ) ,
In 1986 , at first reserve board in the 27th Chess Olympiad ( women ) in Dubai ( +7 , =2 , -3 ) ,
In 1990 , at second board in the 29th Chess Olympiad ( women ) in Novi Sad ( +5 , =3 , -1 ) .
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Serbian female chess players
Yugoslav female chess players
Chess Woman International Masters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Summer Spectacular was a major annual professional wrestling event produced by Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling during the month of August . The supercard was first held in 1990 in response to World Wrestling Federation 's August event SummerSlam . The event would return and be held for two consecutive years in 1993 and 1994 . The 1996 edition was subtitled `` Shiodome Legend '' , which would become the event 's name for the 1997 edition . This would be the last edition as FMW began producing pay-per-view events in 1998 . The event was considered one of the FMW 's four big supercards of the year , along with FMW Anniversary Show , Fall Spectacular and Year End Spectacular .
Dates , venues and main events
References
Ross–Loos Medical Group was a comprehensive prepaid health services plan with 29 medical offices throughout Los Angeles , Orange , Riverside , and San Bernardino Counties in California and a large multi-specialty hospital located on Temple Street , Los Angeles .
Founding
Ross-Loos was established in 1929 by two physicians , Donald E. Ross and H. Clifford Loos , older brother of writer Anita Loos . The plan consisted of monthly payments which assured benefits of medical and hospital care to over two thousand employees of Los Angeles County and the Department of Water and Power and their families .
The founders believed that health care could be improved by combining prepayment of services , eliminating the financial barriers faced by patients at the time of needed care , with the sharing of medical records and the ease of consultation in a medical group . The focus was on the improvement of medical care quality , rather than financial success , and many concepts in those plans built on a public health approach that encouraged prevention . The plans included prenatal care , well-baby visits , and immunizations in standard benefit packages , with small or zero co-payments , at a time that even the hospital costs of maternity stays were often excluded from traditional insurance .
Ross–Loos Medical Group ( 1929 ) is the first HMO in the United States , the term `` managed care '' came about chiefly through the influence of U.S. President Nixon on February 17 , 1971 .
Over several years many other employee groups , mostly governmental , joined the plan . Ross-Loos was so successful that the first small medical office on Grand Avenue in Los Angeles expanded into an enormous organization with 29 medical offices and a large multi-specialty hospital , on Temple Street , Los Angeles , by 1979 .
Purchases
In 1980 , Ross–Loos Medical Group was purchased by the Insurance Company of North America ( INA ) HealthPlan ( see HMO International and California Medical Group and merged into its medical office operations which created over twenty-nine medical office locations throughout southern California . Its new name was `` INA and Ross-Loos HealthPlans '' . This new operational name was in existence a short time until 1982 ; through a merger of the Insurance Company of North America ( INA ) and Connecticut General ( CG ) their names changed to become CIGNA . Ross–Loos Medical Group , became known as CIGNA HealthPlans of Southern California and was merged into the large CIGNA Employee Benefits Division . In 1997 CIGNA made a decision to divest itself of its `` owned delivery system '' or `` staff model '' ( see HMO – staff model ) and sold their operations to MedPartners . The sale to MedPartners also caused a new name change of the CIGNA `` owned delivery system '' in Southern California , The system became merged into the recent purchase in Southern California by Medpartners of the Friendly Hills Medical Group . In 1999 , MedPartners was placed in receivership for its inability to manage the combined operations of its Southern California subsidiaries Friendly Hills Medical Group , Talbert Medical Group , Mullikan Medical Group , Vineyard Medical Group , and Riverside Medical Clinic . Those MedPartners-owned facilities were divested and sold to physician-owned delivery systems or closed .
The MedPartners name was changed to Caremark Rx , the Talbert Medical Group was sold to the physicians of the Talbert Medical Group ; the Riverside Medical Clinic was sold back to the member physicians , remaining in operation , with over 130 physicians ; and the Mullikan and Vineyard Medical Groups were eventually closed . The Friendly Hills Medical Group was acquired by KPC Global Care , now in Chadhuri Medical Group , and briefly continued operations until it too was placed into receivership by the California Department of Corporations in 1999 and closed down . The original Ross–Loos Medical Group facilities were closed and Medical Center – Hospital on Temple Street in Los Angeles was sold to Silverlake Medical Center then eventually sold and renamed L.A . Downtown Medical Center .
The original Ross–Loos Medical Group , medical offices and hospital ended with that sale in 1999 some 70 years after its beginning .
Current status
The names `` Ross-Loos '' , `` Ross Loos Medical Group '' , and `` Ross Loos HealthPlans '' are still owned by CIGNA Corporation and remain registered with the State of California Department of Corporations , Department of Insurance , and Department of Managed Care .
A street in the Echo Park neighborhood of Los Angeles bears the name Ross Loos Place . The road leads to the Medical Center .
References
Healthcare in Los Angeles
1929 establishments in California
Health maintenance organizations
Health care companies established in 1929
Cezary Stefańczyk ( born February 21 , 1984 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Warta Działoszyn .
Career
Club
In June 2011 , they joined ŁKS Łódź on a one-year contract . After a half-year spell with Łódź , they terminated their contract and returned to their former team Zawisza Bydgoszcz in the early February 2012 .
On 17 August 2020 , they returned to their hometown club RKS Radomsko in the fourth-tier III liga .
References
External links
1984 births
People from Radomsko
Sportspeople from Łódź Voivodeship
Living people
Polish footballers
Association football defenders
ŁKS Łódź players
RKS Radomsko players
KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski players
ŁKS Łomża players
Zawisza Bydgoszcz players
Górnik Łęczna players
Wisła Płock players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
Lausanne Airport ( Aéroport de Lausanne-Blécherette in French ) is a small civil airport located in the north of Lausanne , Switzerland . It has no scheduled commercial traffic and is used for general aviation . It also serves as a base for Swiss rescue services .
History
The city established a runway in 1910 . Henri Speckner was the first pilot to land here . A year later it created one of the first civil airports in Switzerland around the runway . A hangar for maintenance of aircraft was built west of the runway in 1914 , next to a farm . Due to increased usage of the airport another one was built in 1922 . Since 1933 operations have been controlled by Aéroport de la région lausannoise `` La Blécherette '' S.A .
At the close of World War II , Lausanne 's municipal government made plans to develop a proper regional airport for the city . Blécherette was deemed unfit for such development and thus provision was made to expand the nearby field in Écublens and dispose of Blécherette . However , efforts to begin such development ultimately failed to materialize and Ecublens fell out of use , leaving Lausanne-Blécherette as the only remaining operational airport for the city . The nearest airport with scheduled service is Geneva Airport , which is connected to Lausanne via rail .
Infrastructure
Facilities
The airport features two maintenance hangars as well as a main building containing a restaurant . There is also a Boeing 737 simulator available .
Runway
In May 2000 the grass runway was replaced by a paved one ( 36/18 ) . The runway has a slope , which means the maximum length for takeoff/landing varies depending on the direction between 775 and 805 m .
Ground transportation
Lausanne Airport can be reached via the A9 motorway or public bus lines 1 and 21 of Transports publics de la région lausannoise . By car it 's a ten-minute drive from the city center .
See also
Transport in Switzerland
References
External links
Official website
Airports in Switzerland
Buildings and structures in Lausanne
Transport in Lausanne
Schwetzochromis neodon is a species of rheophilic cichlid endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it is only known from the Fwa River in the Congo Basin . It can reach a length of SL . It is currently the only known member of its genus , but several others that formerly were included have been moved to Orthochromis .
References
External links
Photograph
Haplochromini
Fish of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Endemic fauna of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Taxa named by Max Poll
Fish described in 1948
The Nynäs Line ( ) is a long railway line between Älvsjö and Nynäshamn in Sweden . The line is electrified and is double track on the section from Älvsjö to Västerhaninge .
The line is used by the Stockholm Commuter Rail and freight trains . At Älvsjö , it connects to the Western Main Line . At Farsta strand there is a connection to Farsta strand metro station , which is a terminus at the Stockholm underground railway . At Nynäshamn there is transfer to the Destination Gotland ferries to the island of Gotland .
History
Nynäshamn was established as a port during the 1860s , to allow ships to avoid the skerries surrounding Stockholm . Construction of Nynäsbanan was started by the private company Stockholm-Nynäs Järnvägs AB in 1898 and the line was opened on 28 December 1901 . Initially , there was a change of trains at Älvsjö , but from 1909 onwards trains starting running directly to Stockholm Central Station . To being with , one of the major traffic generators was the ferry service to Gotland . In 1928 , an oil refinery was opened and the line started transporting oil . Diesel multiple units were introduced in 1928 and in 1935 , the line started using diesel-electric locomotives . Nynäsbanan was nationalised in 1957 , although Stockholm-Nynäs Järnvägs AB continued to exist at least on paper until it was fully absorbed into the Swedish State Railways in 1968 . The line was electrified in 1962 , and in 1973 it became part of the Stockholm Commuter Rail , when at the same time X1 electric multiple units were introduced . A modern Automatic train control ( ATC ) signalling system was introduced on Nynäsbanan in 1980 .
From 1993 until 1996 , the line was upgraded , including double track from Älvsjö to Västerhaninge . This allowed a 15-minute headway on that section . Oil transport was terminated from Nynäsbanan in the 1990s . In 2007 , the then-southern terminus located just beside Nynäshamn Ferry Terminal ( sv ) was closed to allow expansion of said ferry terminal and the terminus was shortened by 500m to Nynäshamn Station . Between 2008 and 2016 , all station platforms on the line were extended and passing loops were built at Hemfosa Station and Segersäng Station .
A new station called Vega ( sv ) , located in Haninge Municipality between Skogås and Handen stations , opened on 1 April 2019 after almost four years of construction . Vega was also the name of a small halt on the Nynäs Line which existed between 1929 and 1973 , although it was built at a different location from the current Vega station .
In connection with the expansion of the Stockholm Norvik freight port , a siding was built from the Nynäs line towards the harbour , which was completed in April 2020 . This added substantial freight traffic to the line .
References
Railway lines in Sweden
Railway lines opened in 1901
The ruby-throated myzomela or red-throated myzomela ( Myzomela eques ) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae .
It is found in New Guinea .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
References
ruby-throated myzomela
Birds of New Guinea
ruby-throated myzomela
ruby-throated myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chanute High School is a public secondary school in Chanute , Kansas , United States , and operated by Chanute USD 413 school district .
Campus
The school 's current building was completed in 2008 .
Curriculum
Chanute High School offers a variety of courses , including concurrent classes through Neosho County Community College . With the construction of the new high school in 2008 , a new trade building was completed . Welding and construction classes are offered as well as Advanced Placement classes . AP Calculus AB , AP European History , AP English Language and Composition and AP English Literature are taught currently .
Foreign languages courses include Spanish I-IV
Extracurricular activities
Student groups and activities at Chanute High School include Blue Comet Bands , chess club , Blue Comet Debate League , Blue Comet Forensics League , drama , Dungeons & Dragons , Family , Career and Community Leaders of America , Fellowship of Christian Athletes , Foreign Language Club , Future Business Leaders of America , HOSA ( organization ) , history club , Kansas Future Educators of America , Leadership club , Model United Nations , National Honor Society , SkillsUSA , Student Government , Talent Search , Teen Age Republicans , Upward Bound , and vocal/choral music . In 2012 , Gay/Straight Alliance was formed by the students .
The school 's athletic teams , known as the Chanute Blue Comets , compete in Kansas State High School Activities Association size classification 4A . Teams are fielded in baseball , basketball , cross-country , football , soccer , softball , spirit , tennis , track , volleyball , men 's and women 's golf and wrestling .
Notable alumni
Jimmy Allen - former lead guitarist and founder of rock band , Puddle of Mudd .
Edwin Bideau - lawyer and politician
Jennifer Knapp - Grammy-nominated singer and songwriter .
Paul Lindblad - former MLB player ( Kansas City Athletics , Washington Senators , Texas Rangers , New York Yankees ) .
Ralph Miller - ( class of 1937 ) - former college men 's basketball coach
See also
List of high schools in Kansas
List of unified school districts in Kansas
References
External links
Chanute High School
The Comet ( school newspaper )
Educational institutions established in 1914
Public high schools in Kansas
Schools in Neosho County , Kansas
1914 establishments in Kansas
Stenomicridae is a family of flies belonging to the order Diptera .
Genera
Podocera Czerny , 1929
References
Opomyzoidea
Brachycera families
St Peter 's Church is the Church of England parish church of Twineham , a village in the Mid Sussex District of West Sussex , England . The church , with St Barthomew 's in Albourne and Christ Church in Sayers Common , serves the modern ecclesiastical parish of Albourne , Sayers Common and Twineham ( ASCaT ) .
The church is Tudor , probably dating from the early 16th century . According to local tradition it was built in 1516 , early in the reign of Henry VIII and before the English Reformation . The church is built of brick , consisting of a chancel , nave , south porch , and west tower , with a shingled oak spire . The church was sympathetically restored in 1894 , when an organ-chamber was added on the north side of the chancel .
The church is a Grade I listed building , included on the National Heritage List for England ‘ for the rarity of small early C16 churches ' ( List Entry Number 1284819 , first listed 28 October 1957 ) .
See also
Grade I listed buildings in West Sussex
List of places of worship in Mid Sussex
References
External links
A church near you : St Peter 's
Twineham War Memorials , including memorials in the church
Twineham , St Peter 's Church
Twineham , St Peter 's Church
Twineham , St Peter 's Church
Ad Standards manages the complaint resolution process of the advertising self-regulation system in Australia .
It functions as secretariat for the Ad Standards Community Panel and the Ad Standards Industry Jury – the two independent bodies were established to determine consumer and competitive complaints against the advertising self-regulatory Codes .
The advertising self-regulation system is funded by a levy on advertising in Australia .
History
Ad Standards was established in 1998 by the Advertising industry to regulate complaints about advertising in Australia . It started as the Advertising Standards Bureau ( ASB ) but was rebranded to Ad Standards in 2018 .
Ad Standards originally only considered complaints under the Australian Association of National Advertisers ( AANA ) Code of Ethics . The remit of it has since expanded to administering a range of Codes and Initiatives .
In 2006 Ad Standards joined the European Advertising Standards Alliance ( EASA ) to ensure access to an appropriate best practice model for advertising complaint resolution . It complies absolutely with the European Advertising Standards Alliance ( EASA ) Best Practice Principles .
Statistics and Issues
Ad Standards receives thousands of complaints every year . In 2015 it received more than 4000 complaints about 450 different advertisements , 70 of which were found to be in breach of advertising standards .
The most common issues which people raise in complaints are around sex , sexuality and nudity and discrimination .
The most complained about advertisement looked at by Ad Standards was Meat and Livestock Australia 's 2016 Australia Day ad which received over 500 complaints .
The majority of complaints against advertisements are dismissed , with less than 100 ads each year found to breach advertising standards .
Scope
Ad Standards considers complaints about all advertising or marketing material across all mediums in Australia .
It will accept a complaint if it falls under any of the Codes and Initiatives it administers .
It administers a range of Codes for the Australian Association of National Advertisers , including :
The AANA Code of Ethics
The AANA Code for Advertising and Marketing Communications to Children
The AANA Food & Beverages Advertising and Marketing Communications Code
The AANA Environmental Claims in Advertising & Marketing Code
The AANA Wagering Advertising & Marketing Communications Code
Ad Standards also administers Codes for the Australian Food and Grocery Council ( AFGC ) , including :
AFGC Responsible Children 's Marketing Initiative
AFGC Quick Service Restaurant Initiative For Responsible Advertising And Marketing To Children
It also administers the Voluntary Code of Practice for Motor Vehicle Advertising for the Federal Chamber of Automotive Industries .
Ad Standards collects complaints for the Alcoholic Beverages Advertising Code Scheme 's Responsible Alcohol Marketing Code , however adjudication under this Code is made by the ABAC Adjudication Panel .
Complaint process
Members of the public can make complaints about any advertising in writing to Ad Standards , either through their website , by fax or post .
Once a complaint is received Ad Standards will assess the complaint and if it falls under the scope of the Codes and Initiatives the complaint will be forwarded to the Ad Standards Community Panel ( Panel ) . for assessment . Advertisers are also given a chance to provide a response to the Panel .
The Panel is made up of 20 members of the community who have no connection to the advertising industry or interest groups . The Panel includes people from a broad range of age groups and backgrounds and is gender balanced .
The Panel meets twice a month to consider complaints . The panel will consider the complaint/s , the advertisement and the advertiser 's response and make a determination based on whether the advertisement breaches any of the provisions under the Codes and Initiatives .
If a complaint against any advertisement is upheld the advertiser is asked to remove or amend the offending advertisement as soon as possible .
Copies of all determinations made by the Panel are published on the Ad Standards website .
See also
Advertising Standards Authority
Australian Classification Board
Censorship in Australia
References
External links
Consumer organisations in Australia
Mass media in Australia
Regulation in Australia
Advertising in Australia
Self-regulatory organizations of the advertising industry
This page documents some of the events that happened in motorsport in the 1980s .
United States
The IMSA GTP class debuted based on the FIA Group C prototypes , which saw great advances in technology
The debut of IndyCar legend Al Unser Jr. in open-wheel racing .
The debut of Terry Labonte in NASCAR
The US has several Formula One races throughout the decade alongside the one at Watkins Glen International . They have events at Long Beach Street Circuit , Detroit Street Circuit , Las Vegas Street Circuit , and Dallas Street Circuit . This would be a contributor to the event being dropped in 1992 .
Riverside International Raceway closes after over 30 years
The SCCA World Challenge is established . One of the eventual competitive teams is RealTime Racing , debuting in 1987 .
The CART IndyCar Series introduces the Detroit Grand Prix on the streets of Detroit , Michigan . It is held until 2001 and then revived in 2007 .
Rocketsports Racing is founded by Paul Gentilozzi . Gentilozzi goes on to dominate Trans Am to the extent where they break every wins record for the series , pushing Trans Am into a several year hiatus .
Laguna Seca Raceway remodels into a new 2.25 mile configuration from the original two mile . This was done to retain the motorcycle event .
Europe
The San Marino Grand Prix at Imola is first held in order to have two F1 races in Italy .
The European Grand Prix is first held . The inaugural event is at Brands Hatch , allowing for two events in Britain .
The Hungarian Grand Prix is first held .
The Dutch Grand Prix is discontinued in 1985 after thirty events . It is not held again until 2021 .
The Austrian Grand Prix was dropped in 1987 . It is not held again for ten years .
The Portuguese Grand Prix returns in 1984 after nearly 25 years . It is held until 1996 .
The Swiss Grand Prix returns after almost thirty years as a one-time event held in Dijon , France .
The Audi 90 Quattro dominates in both IMSA GTO and the Trans Am Series for years .
Formula One reduces the displacement limit back to 1.5 liters .
The DTM debuts in Germany
F1 legend Alain Prost makes their debut
South Pacific
The Australian Grand Prix is first held
Central America
The Mexican Grand Prix returns in 1986 after a sixteen year hiatus .
South America
The IndyCar Series introduces the Gran Premio Tecate . It is held until 2007 .
The Argentine Grand Prix is dropped in 1981 . It is not held again until 1995 .
The debut of Formula One legend Ayrton Senna
The debut of Formula One legend Alain Prost
Asia
The Japanese Grand Prix returns in 1987 after a ten-year hiatus
Asian manufacturers begin to dominate grand tourer racing . These include the Toyota Supra and Acura NSX .
Africa
The South African Grand Prix is dropped in 1986 after almost 25 years . It will not return until 1992 .
See also
1990s in motorsport
1970s in motorsport
Kopali ( also spelled as Kapali ) is a census town in the Chandil CD block in the Chandil subdivision of the Seraikela Kharsawan district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
Geography
Location
Kapali is located at .
Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration
With its recognition as an industrial town as early as the 1911 census , Jamshedpur was set on the road of steady population growth , as large number of emigrants flocked in for work opportunities . While in the earlier decades the central nucleus grew , in the later decades towns around Jamshedpur grew rapidly . In 2011 , Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration included 13 urban centres , with a total population of 1.3 million people . However , in more recent years , Jamshedpur UA “ has lacked the growth and development observed around other similar industrial towns in western and southern India . ”
Note : The map alongside presents the Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration . All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map .
Civic administration
There is a police outpost at Kapali .
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India , Kopali had a total population of 43,256 , of which 22,337 ( 52 % ) were males and 20,919 ( 48 % ) were females . Population in the age range 0-6 years was 7,603 . The total number of literate persons in Kopali was 21,815 ( 72.40 % of the population over 6 years ) .
( * For language details see Chandil block # Language and religion )
Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration includes : Jamshedpur ( Industrial Town ) , Jamshedpur ( NAC ) , Tata Nagar Railway Colony ( OG ) , Mango ( NAC ) , Jugsalai ( M ) , Bagbera ( CT ) , Chhota Gobindpur ( CT ) , Haludbani ( CT ) , Sarjamda ( CT ) , Gadhra ( CT ) , Ghorabandha ( CT ) , Purihasa ( CT ) , Adityapur ( M Corp. ) , Chota Gamahria ( CT ) and Kapali ( CT ) .
Infrastructure
According to the District Census Handbook 2011 , Seraikela Kharsawan , Kopali covered an area of . It has an annual rainfall of . Among the civic amenities , it had of roads with both closed and open drains , the protected water supply involved hand pump , tube well/ borewell , overhead tank . It had 6,351 domestic electric connections , 15 road lighting points . Among the medical facilities , it had 2 hospitals , 4 dispensaries , 4 health centres , 10 family welfare centres , 4 maternity and child welfare centres , 10 maternity homes , 2 nursing homes , 2 charitable hospital/ nursing homes , 10 veterinary hospitals , 5 medicine shops . Among the educational facilities it had 8 primary schools , 7 middle schools , 2 secondary schools , 1 senior secondary school , the nearest general degree college at Jamshedpur , away . It had 9 non-formal education centres ( Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan ) . Among social , cultural and recreational facilities , it had 1 orphanage home , 2 auditorium/ community halls . Two important commodities it produced were ready-made clothes , furniture . It had the branch offices of 1 nationalised bank , 4 non-agricultural credit societies .
Education
Merry English School at Kapali is an English-medium coeducational institution established in 2001 . It has facilities for teaching from class I to class XII .
References
Cities and towns in Seraikela Kharsawan district
KKN may refer to :
Kirkenes Airport , Høybuktmoen ( IATA airport code )
Kirknewton railway station
Kyōran Kazoku Nikki , a Japanese light novel , manga , and 2008 anime series
Niederaichbach Nuclear Power Plant , a decommissioned HWGC reactor in Bavaria
Kanda , Kodža i Nebojša , a Serbian rock/reggae band
`` korupsi , kolusi , nepotisme '' ( corruption , collusion and nepotism ) in New Order ( Indonesia ) governance vernacular
Wilfrid Andrew Burke ( 23 November 1889 – 18 July 1968 ) was a British Trade union organiser and politician who achieved high office in the Labour Party and served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Burnley for 24 years . They were briefly in the Attlee government as Assistant Postmaster-General . After leaving the government they concentrated on party work , fighting Bevanites and serving as Chairman of the National Executive Committee .
Early life
Burke was born in Liverpool , and went to Oulton College in the city . Burke then trained as a teacher and worked as such for several years , before going into commerce in Manchester in 1918 . At the same time they joined the National Union of Distributive and Allied Workers , which later became the Union of Shop , Distributive and Allied Workers .
Manchester politics
In 1920 , Burke became Manchester area organiser for the union . Their branch was a large one and Burke obtained its strong support , which saw them elected to the executive council of the Labour Party in Manchester ; there they were helped by their work in their spare time campaigning for the party . At the 1924 general election , Burke was the Labour candidate for Manchester Blackley ; the seat was held by Philip Oliver for the Liberal Party . Burke ended up coming narrowly third as Oliver lost the seat to the Conservative Party . Burke was thought to have polled well .
Burke was readopted as Labour candidate for the seat in March 1925 . Before the 1929 general election came , they had fought several municipal elections . The contest was assessed by The Times as turning on the extent to which Labour encroached on the Liberal vote . Despite their campaigning experience Burke remained in third place , and Oliver regained their seat by 888 votes . Burke stood again in the 1931 general election , but was heavily defeated .
Member of Parliament for Burnley
In October 1932 , Burke was adopted as Labour Party candidate for Burnley , a constituency which had up until 1931 by party leader Arthur Henderson . The sitting member who had beaten Henderson was Vice-Admiral Gordon Campbell VC , a First World War hero elected as a 'National ' candidate and not a Conservative ; Campbell decided to stand as a Liberal National but was still reckoned to have a difficult fight . After a tough fight Burke won by 4,195 votes .
Textile industry
Burnley was based on the textile industry and Burke concentrated on this subject when they arrived in Parliament . They were appointed to the Standing Committee considering the Cotton Spinning Industry Bill in 1936 . They referred to the Lancashire saying `` clogs to clogs in three generations '' , and asked for the appointments to the advisory committee under the Act to include textile workers rather than factory owners . They spoke in an all-night debate on unemployment assistance regulations in July 1936 , blaming increased unemployment in Burnley on the National government 's destroying the market for textiles in India .
In November 1936 , referring to a speech by Sir Arnold Wilson praising Germany , Burke expressed their disappointment and dismay at `` growing appreciation of the totalitarian state '' by Conservative MPs . They launched a debate on location of industry later that month , calling for new industries to be diverted from London to areas of high unemployment . Burke regularly called for moves to preserve steady trade with overseas markets for Lancashire textiles , as when they argued in March 1939 in support of a Government Bill to create a fund to stabilise the exchange rate between Britain and China during the Second Sino-Japanese War ; other Labour MPs had moved the rejection of the Bill .
Labour whip
Burke played an active part in a joint committee of Cotton Trade organisations which was set up in advance of legislation to reorganise the industry in the late 1930s . When the proposals gathered the support of two-thirds of the industry , Burke told a luncheon in January 1939 that they should confidently expect Government action . They spoke in favour of the Bill when it was introduced in March . Burke was appointed as a Whip for the Labour Party in 1941 ; however they voted against the Government 's proposal to delay the implementation of the Beveridge Report in February 1943 , and was replaced in October of that year .
Labour Party National Executive
At the Labour Party conference in June 1943 Burke moved a resolution on behalf of their union , calling for an adequate rate of the old age pension . The resolution was carried . They were a member of the executive of the newly formed Anglo-French Inter-Parliamentary Committee in October 1944 , and having been sponsored by the shopworkers ' union to be a member of the National Executive Committee of the Labour Party from 1944 , in August 1945 they were one of three fraternal delegates representing the Labour Party at the conference of the French Socialist Party . They were a member of many more international delegations during their time on the National Executive .
Assistant Postmaster-General
Burke had an easy re-election at the 1945 general election , their result being one of the first to be announced . On 10 August they were appointed by new Prime Minister Clement Attlee as Assistant Postmaster-General , being the spokesperson for their department in the House of Commons as the Postmaster-General was the Earl of Listowel .
In office , Burke 's main job was to return the Royal Mail and the General Post Office ( including the telephone system ) to its pre-war function of serving civilian life , including reintroducing some services closed to aid the war effort . In March 1946 Burke and Listowel were able to announce the opening of several schemes to improve the service . Pressure was put on Burke by the Union of Post Office Workers and the Post Office Engineering Union to include Cable & Wireless in the Government 's programme of nationalisation , pressure which was ultimately successful . The department expanded in spring 1946 when the Ministry of Information was abolished , and Burke announced the commencement of BBC radio broadcasts in Russian .
Despite progress made , Burke was unable to allow the resumption of the special 'Greetings Telegram ' service in November 1946 . The Post Office made a substantial profit of £36,191,000 in 1945–46 , leading to a move by opposition MPs to lower charges . Burke was caught up in a minor diplomatic spat in April 1947 over BBC speeches by Henry A. Wallace criticising the United States Government ; they insisted that the British Government did not intervene over the subject of talks , and received the support of their own side . Burke left office in October 1947 .
Dissenting votes
Out of office Burke retained their membership of the National Executive Committee , but began to dissent from some of the Government 's legislation . In December 1948 they opposed the Licensing Bill , along with two other Labour MPs ; and they supported a Liberal Party motion for a Royal Commission into war pensions in April 1949 . At the 1950 general election , in addition to a Conservative Party candidate ( their first in the division since 1929 ) , they also faced nominees from the Communist Party of Great Britain and the Independent Labour Party . Burke won re-election by 7,049 votes .
Bevanism
Burke topped the poll in the trade union section ballot for the Labour Party National Executive in October 1950 . When the Bevanite faction in the Labour Party issued a pamphlet in September 1951 , it attacked Burke for supporting Hugh Gaitskell 's budget in the National Executive despite the fact that their union had put forward a motion at the Trades Union Congress criticising it . Burke was said to have hit back vigorously at the anonymous author of the pamphlet for disclosing confidential information and for misunderstanding the position of Trade Union members of the National Executive . When the shopworkers ' union met at their 1952 conference , Burke was absent through illness ; the Bevanites ' position was backed by delegates . However the union continued to nominate them and they were re-elected to the National Executive in October of that year at the top of the poll .
National Executive chairperson
Playing a decreasing role in Parliament , Burke became chairperson of the Labour Party National Executive sub-committee on Commonwealth and Imperial affairs in November 1952 . They served as Vice-Chairman of the National Executive in 1952–53 , and was then elected as chairperson at the end of September 1953 . Burke gave a Party Political Broadcast at the end of January 1954 calling for large firms to plough profits back into the company and get away from the `` 'grab all you can ' atmosphere '' . As a fraternal delegate to the Co-operative Party conference , they made a speech which was interpreted as a criticism of Aneurin Bevan . Burke also had twice to inquire into the affairs of the Liverpool Exchange Constituency Labour Party , which was feuding with its forceful Member of Parliament Bessie Braddock .
Retirement
Burke retired from the National Executive in 1956 , and announced their decision to stand down from their Parliamentary seat at the next election . In December 1958 they presented a petition from Burnley along with 16 Mayors of Lancashire towns , calling for more Government helps for the cotton trade . The Burnley petition claimed there was great despondency in the town . Burke left Parliament at the 1959 election , and died nine years later .
References
External links
1889 births
1968 deaths
British trade unionists
GMB ( trade union ) -sponsored MPs
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1935–1945
UK MPs 1945–1950
UK MPs 1950–1951
UK MPs 1951–1955
UK MPs 1955–1959
Politicians from Liverpool
Politics of Burnley
Chairs of the Labour Party ( UK )
National Union of Distributive and Allied Workers-sponsored MPs
Ministers in the Attlee governments , 1945–1951
Roncador is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 637 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Roncador barrio was 1,130 .
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado , Puerto Rico
The 1979–80 international cricket season was from September 1979 to April 1980 .
Season overview
September
Australia in India
November
Pakistan in India
1979–80 Benson & Hedges World Series
December
West Indies in Australia
England in Australia
February
West Indies in New Zealand
England in India
Australia in Pakistan
References
International cricket competitions by season
1979 in cricket
1980 in cricket
Ellzee is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Populated places in Günzburg ( district )
Kingswood ( ) is a suburban area in South Dublin , Ireland . It is close to the county town of Tallaght and Clondalkin .
Location
The area is bordered by the M50 motorway to the NE ; the Belgard Road to the SW ; N7 to the NW ; Katherine Tynan Road to the SE . The latter is named for writer Katherine Tynan ( 1859–1931 ) , who lived in the area . Historically a part of the hinterland of Clondalkin village yet lying inside the Parish of Tallaght , the Kingswood area is now divided by the Ballymount Road , with roughly two thirds in Dublin 24 , and the remainder , west of the road , in Dublin 22 , and therefore served by different Garda stations .
Amenities
Facilities
Kingswood has a number of shops , a pub , a pharmacy , a church and two community centres . The old community centre now serves as a centre for hip hop dance , speech and drama classes and a karate dojo . Next to it , a newer community centre hosts community groups , sports events , and exercise and fitness clubs . The scout den , which won the Irish Architectural Innovation Award in 1989 , is beside the community centre and houses the 158th Castleview Scout Group . The Roman Catholic parish church is shared with Kilnamanagh .
Education
Schools in the area include St Kilian 's Junior School ( founded in 1979 ) , and St Kilian 's Senior School ( founded in 1986 ) . Kingswood Community College , also known as Coláiste Pobail Coill an Rí and opened in September 2016 , is a secondary school which ( as of 2019 ) had an enrollment of 524 pupils .
Sport
Kingswood Castle FC is a local soccer club which was founded in 2013 . The club , which plays in black and white kits , uses Kingswood Community College for its home matches .
St Killians GAA Club merged with St. Kevins GAA Club in Kilnamanagh in 1998 .
Transport
Kingswood is served by Luas Red Line services to Tallaght/Saggart and The Point/Connolly
Dublin Bus routes 56a , 76 and 76a serve Kingswood .
References
Places in South Dublin ( county )
The ocellated antbird ( Phaenostictus mcleannani ) is a species of antbird in the family Thamnophilidae . It is monotypic within the genus Phaenostictus and is found in southern Central America and the northwestern part of South America . Its natural habitat is the understory of tropical moist lowland forest , foothill forest , and tall secondary growth woodlands .
The species is 19 cm long and weighs around 50 g. The eye is surrounded by a large area of bare blue coloured skin . The plumage varies slightly amongst the three subspecies , but overall it has a grey crown , black throat with a buff breast changing into a spotted belly and back .
The bird feeds primarily on insects , arthropods , and sometimes on small lizards . Most of its prey is obtained from trails of army ants , which flush the prey from hiding places . One such army ant species is Eciton burchellii . The ocellated antbird is considered an obligate follower of army ants , seldom foraging away from swarms . Amongst the species of antbirds and other army ant followers ( such as tanagers and woodcreepers ) it is usually a dominant species .
The social biology of this species is unusual for the antbird family . The breeding pair forms the nucleus of a group or clan that includes their male offspring and their mates . These clans work together to defend territories against rivals . The open nest cup was only recently described , with a clutch of two eggs .
Taxonomy
The ocellated antbird was formally described in 1861 by the American amateur ornithologist George Newbold Lawrence and given the binomial name Phlogopsis mcleannani ( misspelled as Meleannani ) . The specific epithet honours James McLeannan , a railway engineer on the Panama Canal Railway , who had collected the specimen in Panama . The ocellated antbird is now placed in the genus Phaenostictus that was erected in 1909 by the American ornithologist Robert Ridgway . The genus name is derived from the Ancient Greek phainō meaning `` to display '' and stiktos for `` spotted '' . Ridgway considered that the species was related to the genus Phlegopsis ( the bare-eyes ) but that it differed in having a longer tail , rounded nostrils and a few other characters .
Molecular phylogenetic studies of the antbird family , Thamnophilidae , have found that the ocellated antbird sits in the tribe Pithyini and its closest relatives are found in the genus Pithys .
Three subspecies have been described :
P. m. saturatus ( Richmond , 1896 )
P. m. mcleannani ( Lawrence , 1861 )
P. m. pacificus Hellmayr , 1924
Description
The ocellated antbird is a medium-sized antbird , measuring and weighing . Females tend to be slightly smaller than males and weigh slightly less . The plumage and bare parts of the male and female are the same . The eye is surrounded by a large bare blue patch of skin . The head and throat is black with a grey and a rufous . The upperparts and are olive brown with black spots . The rest of the feathers of the wing are black edged with olive . The breast is rufous and belly is olive brown , both have large black spots . The bill is large and black . Juvenile birds have a darker crown , the rufous areas are brighter and the spots are reduced or absent . The species conforms with Bergmann 's rule , with birds closer to the Equator having smaller wings and bills than those further away .
Distribution and habitat
The ocellated antbird ranges from Honduras to Ecuador . The race saturatus is found from northern and eastern Honduras through eastern Nicaragua , eastern and northern Costa Rica into the west of Panama . The nominate race is found in the rest of Panama and the Pacific slope as the Andean slope of western Colombia . The race pacificus is found in the extreme south of coastal Colombia and northwestern Ecuador .
The ocellated antbird is a rainforest bird , being found in lowland and hill primary rainforest , as well as secondary forest . Within this habitat it occupies the understory of the forest , feeding and living close to the forest floor . It is found from sea-level up to in Costa Rica , but only up as high as in Panama and Colombia and in Ecuador ; it is more commonly found below in the later country . They seldom enter or cross open areas , unless the ants that they are following do so .
References
Cited text
ocellated antbird
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
ocellated antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Henri Aimé Duhem ( 7 April 1860 , Douai - 24 October 1941 , Juan-les-Pins ) was a French Impressionist painter .
Biography
They were descended from an old Flemish family and originally practiced as a lawyer . In 1887 , their passion for drawing and watercolors finally led them to go to Paris and enroll in the drawing classes of Henri Harpignies . While there , they became friends with Émile Breton , who introduced them to oil painting . Breton 's niece , Virginie Demont-Breton ( the daughter of Jules Breton ) , introduced them to a young painter named Marie Sergeant , whom they married in 1890 .
At about that time , Demont-Breton moved to a small village named Wissant . Encouraged to follow , the Duhems established a home in Camiers and gathered their artist friends together to form what would be known as the `` École de Wissant '' , some of the most notable members of which were Georges Maroniez , Francis Tattegrain and Fernand Stiévenart . In 1893 , they fully abandoned their legal career to devote themselves to art , both as a creator and an avid collector of work by their contemporaries . They and their wife travelled extensively as they began to exhibit more widely abroad .
Personal losses
During the early part of World War I , they and Marie lost their only son Rémy at the assault on Les Éparges ( 20 June 1915 ) . Marie was deeply affected and never truly recovered . They died of a neglected tumor in 1918 , during the occupation . Because of their legal experience , Duhem was called upon to assist with the administration of Douai . Their painful memories of this period are recorded in a book called La Mort du foyer ( The Death of a Home , Éditions Figuière , 1922 ) .
In the inter-war period , they remained artistically active , preparing a major show at the Salon des Tuileries in 1923 , commuting between Douai and Paris , where they maintained a home in the Sixteenth Arrondissement . In 1932 , they were named a Commander in the Légion d'honneur . Five years later , faced with declining health and the threat of war , they moved to Juan-les-Pins , where they lived at the villa `` Mont Riant '' until their death .
In 1985 , their priceless art collection was donated to the Musée Marmottan by their adopted daughter Nelly , following their wishes .
References
Other writings by Duhem
Renaissances , éditions Clerget , 1897 .
Impressions d'Art Contemporain , éditions Figuière , 1913 .
Ève ou l'épicier , éditions de la Flandre , 1935 .
Further reading
Camille Mauclair , Marie Duhem , Rémy Duhem : hommage , éditions Jacomet , 1924 .
Jacqueline Chœur , three articles : `` La Maison Duhem '' , in the journal Les Amis de Douai,1986 , pgs.57-61 ; `` Rencontre avec les Duhem '' , and `` Les correspondants des Duhem '' in the Société d'Agriculture , Sciences et Arts de Douai , 1992-1995 , Fifth series ( 1996 ) , pgs.71-79and pgs . 81-86 .
Sylvie Carlier , Le couple Henri et Marie Duhem à Douai au 10 rue d'Arras , in the journal Les Amis de Douai , 2001 , pgs.22-24 .
External links
Arcadja Auctions : More works by Duhem
1860 births
1941 deaths
Impressionism
19th-century French painters
French male painters
20th-century French painters
20th-century French male artists
19th-century French male artists
Slieve League or Slieve Liag ( ) is a mountain on the Atlantic coast of County Donegal , Ireland . At , it has the second-highest sea cliffs in Ireland after Croaghaun , and some of the highest sea cliffs in Europe .
The Belfast naturalist Robert Lloyd Praeger wrote in 1939 : A tall mountain of nearly 2000 feet , precipitous on its northern side , has been devoured by the sea till the southern face forms a precipice likewise , descending on this side right into the Atlantic from the long knife-edge which forms the summit . The traverse of this ridge , the `` One Man 's Path '' , is one of the most remarkable walks to be found in Ireland - not actually dangerous , but needing a good head and careful progress on a stormy day .... The northern precipice , which drops 1500 feet into the coomb surrounding the Little Lough Agh , harbours the majority of the alpine plants of Slieve League , the most varied group of alpines to be found anywhere in Donegal .
Slieve League is often photographed from a viewpoint known as Bunglass . It can be reached by means of a narrow road that departs from Teelin . The final few kilometers of this route is built along a precipice and includes several places where it turns at the crest of a rise .
Image gallery
References
Mountains and hills of County Donegal
Cliffs of Ireland
Protected areas of County Donegal
Gaeltacht places in County Donegal
Marilyns of Ireland
The swallow-tailed cotinga ( Phibalura flavirostris ) is a species of passerine bird in the family Cotingidae . It is the only member of the genus Phibalura .
The nominate subspecies ( P. f. flavirostris ) are found in the Atlantic forest in south-eastern Brazil , eastern Paraguay and Argentina ( Misiones only ) . The subspecies P. f. boliviana , which only was rediscovered in 2000 ( after 98 years without any records ) , is restricted to the vicinity of Apolo in Bolivia . Both populations are threatened by habitat loss .
The race P. f. boliviana is treated by BirdLife International and on the World Bird List Version 8.2 as a separate species , the palkachupa cotinga or the Bolivian swallow-tailed cotinga . However , the South American Classification Committee decided not to split the swallow-tailed cotinga in 2011 , and a large molecular phylogenetic study of the family Cotingidae published in 2014 found only small differences between the DNA sequences of the two taxa and thus did not provide evidence to support the treatment of P. f. boliviana as a separate species .
References
External links
Photo ; Article tropicalbirding
Swallow-tailed Cotinga photo gallery VIREO
swallow-tailed cotinga
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
swallow-tailed cotinga
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a Japanese animator . They worked as an in-between animator at Studio Giants . In 2004 , they joined Shaft , where they worked as a director for 11 years . In 2015 , they went freelance .
Career
Tatsuwa joined the sub-contracting animation firm Studio Giants in 2000 , where they mostly worked as a sub-contractor to Xebec . They joined Shaft in 2004 . In 2007 , they received their first job as a storyboard artist , and worked as an assistant director for several of Shinbo 's series in 2008 . 2011 saw Tatsuwa 's debut as a series director with Shaft with the original video animation series Katte ni Kaizō under the chief direction of Shinbo . Tatsuwa would direct two more series with Shaft , and assist Shinbo once more , before leaving the studio in 2015 . Tatsuwa became associated with studio Passione in 2018 , where they first acted as chief unit director for Citrus .
Style
Although only a key animator at the time of its production , which was soon after they had joined Shaft , director Shin Oonuma commonly consulted with Tatsuwa about doing parody work on Pani Poni Dash , whom Oonuma said was good with parodies .
Works
Director
Television series
OVAs/ONAs
Films
Other works
Note : Some of Tatsuwa 's series directorial works appear here due to their involvement as something other than an episode/unit director or storyboard artist , in which case their name will be highlighted in the `` Director ( s ) '' column .
Television series
OVAs
Films
Notes
Works Cited
References
External links
Anime directors
Living people
1977 births
Hoya Mala ( also spelled Hoyamala ) is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 3,594 .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Hoya Mala barrio was 1,215 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Hoya Mala barrio :
, and .
Río Culebrinas flooding
In late May 2019 , barrio Hoyamala and multiple areas in various municipalities suffered flooding , felled trees , landslides and closed highways when Río Culebrinas flooded .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián , Puerto Rico
Bienvenido Zacu Mborobainchi ( b . March 22 , 1956 , Urubichá , Ñuflo de Chávez Province ) is a Bolivian politician from the Guarayo people . Their grandfather had been a Guarayo leader .
Zacu Mborobainchi grew up in Urubichá . They went to village school for three years . In 1976 they did their military service in the Ranger Manchego Regiment . In 1987 was elected as the president of the Urubichá Community Centre . Between 1989 and 1991 they served as the president of the communal organization of the Guarayo people , COPNAG .
In 1994 they took part in the organizing committee of the Ethnic Coordination of Santa Cruz . Between 1995 and 1998 they served as president of the Coordination of Ethnic Peoples of Santa Cruz ( CPESC ) . Between 1998 and 2002 they were the 'Land and Territory ' Secretary of CIDOB . In 2002 , Zacu Mborobainchi led the 'March for Popular Sovereignty , Territory and Natural Resources ' , a protest march by foot that went from Santa Cruz de la Sierra to La Paz . The March resulted in an accord with the government and political parties on constitutional reform which enabled the formation of the Constituent Assembly .
In 2003 they served as vice president of CPESC . In 2004 they were appointed General Director of the Plain Areas of the Ministry for Indigenous Affairs .
In March 2006 , Zacu Mborobainchi was appointed the General Director for Tierras Comunitarias de Origen at the Deputy Ministry for Lands . Zacu Mborobainchi was elected ( as a MAS candidate ) to the Plurinational Legislative Assembly in 2009 , as the deputy from the special peasant indigenous constituency of the Santa Cruz Department . Their alternate is Teresa Nomine Chiqueno . In the parliament , Zacu Mborobainchi is the president of the Indigenous Peasants Nations ' and People 's Commission of the lower chamber .
References
1956 births
Members of the Chamber of Deputies ( Bolivia )
Living people
Movement for Socialism ( Bolivia ) politicians
The streaked wren-babbler ( Gypsophila brevicaudata ) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae .
It is found in Bangladesh , Cambodia , China , India , Laos , Malaysia , Myanmar , Thailand and Vietnam .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
References
Collar , N. J . & Robson , C. 2007 . Family Timaliidae ( Babblers ) pp . 70 – 291 in ; del Hoyo , J. , Elliott , A . & Christie , D.A . eds . Handbook of the Birds of the World , Vol . 12 . Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions , Barcelona .
Rahman , M. M. , Ahsan , M. F. , & Haider , I. K. A . 2017 . A first record of the Streaked Wren Babbler Napothera brevicaudata from Bangladesh . Indian BIRDS 12 ( 6 ) : 167-168
streaked wren-babbler
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Indochina
streaked wren-babbler
streaked wren-babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
LEF ( born Lorenzo Esposito Fornasari ; 20 November 1977 ) is an Italian vocalist , record producer and film score composer . They worked with Bill Laswell , Serj Tankian from System of a Down , Hamid Drake , Nils Petter Molvær , Eivind Aarset , Jamie Saft , Pat Mastelotto from King Crimson , Eraldo Bernocchi , Colin Edwin from Porcupine Tree , Markus Stockhausen , Kenneth Kapstad from Motorpsycho , Tony Wakeford , Trevor Dunn , Giovanni Lindo Ferretti , Raiz , Cristina Donà , Ambrogio Sparagna , Faraualla , Enrico Gabrielli , Sigillum S , Ephel Duath , Gianluca Petrella , Fabrizio Puglisi , Ståle Storlokken .
History
Singer-composer Lorenzo Esposito Fornasari has made their mark as a singer and producer through a series of releases , including Obake 's Draugr , Seven Mutations and their 2011 self-titled debut , Owls ' The Night Stays , O.R.k . 's Inflamed Rides , Soul of an Octopus and Ramagehead , Somma 's 23 Wheels of Dharma and Berserk 's 2013 self-titled debut . `` Fornasari 's vocals are astonishing powerful , morphing between an urbane Sylvian-like drawl to a cracked-gravel growl oozing with a creeping malevolence . That theatrically evokes the dystopian pronouncements interleaving Bowie 's Outside '' – Sid Smith , PROG magazine UKOver the last decade , LEF performed in prestigious festivals and theatre stages worldwide such as the Wave-Gotik-Treffen in Leipzig with the band Owls ( Tony Wakeford , Eraldo Bernocchi , Lef ) Asymmetry Festival in Poland with the band Obake , with Giovanni Lindo Ferretti at Teatro Vittoria in Roma , the Teatro Grande in Brescia , the Cappella Paolina del Quirinale , the Teatro di Correggio , the Teatro Comunale Modena , Bologna in Piazza Santo Stefano , the Teatro Piccolo Regio in Torino , with Somma at the Teatro Dal Verme di Milano , and singing Contemporary Opera at venues like the Teatro Comunale in Bologna , and finally the Teatro Comunale in Ferrara .
In 2004 they started working together with Eraldo Bernocchi with whom produced the album `` Unisono '' in collaboration with Bill Laswell . During the same year , Fornasari gave birth to the `` Vaga L'Am '' project with Quintorigo , Giovanni Lindo Ferretti , Enrico Gabrielli and Transgender .
In 2007 they took part in the Somma project with Eraldo Bernocchi , Bill Laswell , Raiz , Hamid Drake , Nils Petter Molvær , Faraualla and seven Tibetan Monks .
In 2008 , again with Eraldo Bernocchi , they co-produced the remix album for Ephel Duath 's `` Pain Remixes the Known '' .
In 2009 they wrote soundtracks for `` La torre riflette '' , a video installation on the Due Torri in Bologna .
In the same year they produced `` Costituto '' with Bernocchi , Markus Stockhausen and Giovanni Lindo Ferretti , a 700 years celebration album for the Costituto of Siena .
In 2010 they disclosed an approach to the bel canto as they made their debut in Nino Rota 's `` Il Principe Porcaro '' opera at the Teatro Comunale in Ferrara .
Finally and more recently , Fornasari is a member of the trio Owls , with Eraldo Bernocchi and Tony Wakeford , which played their opening concert at the Wave-Gotik-Treffen in Leipzig in 2011 .
In 2012 they won the Genova Film Festival award with their `` Cose Naturali '' soundtracks .
Fornasari is also a member of Obake with Bernocchi , Massimo Pupillo and Balázs Pándi . In 2012 Trevor Dunn is on tour with the band subbing for Pupillo .
Obake is 6th in the list of 2011 's 50 most important releases in Rock-A-Rolla magazine . In 2012 Lef wrote music for Saga , a Giovanni Lindo Ferretti 's opera with 14 horses on stage .
In 2013 they started with Lorenzo Feliciati the band Berserk ! ( RareNoiseRecords April 2013 ) . Pat Mastelotto , Jamie Saft , Gianluca Petrella , Eivind Aarset , Cristiano Calcagnile , Fabrizio Puglisi , Sandro Satta and Simone Cavina took part in this studio album as well . This music is part to the soundtrack composed by Lef for the feature film `` La città senza notte '' by Italian director Alessandra Pescetta .
In 2013 the Sony Music released the Giovanni Lindo Ferretti 's Saga CD , composed and produced by Lef .
In 2014 they produced `` MUTATIONS '' the Obake 's 2nd album released through the RareNoiseRecords .
In 2015 Lef , Pat Mastelotto from King Crimson , Colin Edwin from Porcupine Tree and Carmelo Pipitone from Marta Sui Tubi produced the album `` INFLAMED RIDES '' as O.R.k . In 2016 the Obake band produced the album Draugr .
In 2017 they composed the score for The Asteroids , a feature film directed by Germano Maccioni .
In 2017 they released with the band O.R.k . the album `` Soul of an Octopus '' ( Rarenoise Records ) .
In 2019 they released with the band O.R.k . the album `` Ramagehead '' ( Kscope ) , featuring Serj Tankian from System of a Down on the track `` Black Blooms '' . The cover was designed by Adam Jones from Tool .
Discography
Albums
Transgender 2000 , Transgender
A dream Made of Water 2001 , Transgender
Etno Ambient Project 2002 , Transgender
Sen Soj TrumàS 2003 , Transgender
Litania 2004 , Litania
Unisono 2006 , Ashes
Mey Ark Vu 2007 , Transgender
Costituto 2009 , Costituto with Stockhausen Bernocchi and Giovanni Lindo Ferretti ( RareNoiseRecords )
23 Wheels of Dharma 2010 , Somma with Bill Laswell , Hamid Drake , Nils Petter Molvær , Eraldo Bernocchi , Raiz ( RareNoiseRecords )
The night stays 2011 , Owls with Tony Wakeford and Eraldo Bernocchi ( RareNoiseRecords )
Untitled 2011 , Obake with Eraldo Bernocchi , Massimo Pupillo , Balázs Pándi ( RareNoiseRecords )
Untitled 2013 , `` Berserk ! '' with Lorenzo Feliciati , Eivind Aarset , Gianluca Petrella , Jamie Saft , Pat Mastelotto
Saga , il canto dei canti 2013 , Giovanni Lindo Ferretti with Giovanni Lindo Ferretti
Mutations 2015 , Obake
Inflamed rides 2015 , `` O.R.K . '' with Colin Edwin , Pat Mastelotto , Carmelo Pipitone
Draugr 2016 , Obake
Hypersomniac 2016 , LEF with Eivind Aarset , Bill Laswell , Kenneth Kapstad , Nils Petter Molvær , Ståle Storløkken and Rebecca Sneddon
Soul of An Octopus 2017 , `` O.R.K . ''
Ramagehead 2019 , `` O.R.K . ''
Productions/Remixes
Etno Ambient Project ( remixes ) 2002 , Transgender
Pain Remixes the Known 2007 , Ephel Duath – Earache rec
Film , visual art and adverts scoring
Films
2010 Cose naturali , by Germano Maccioni , short
2011 Morte per Acqua , by Alessandra Pescetta , short
2013 Fedele alla linea , by Germano Maccioni , documentary
2013 Alta via dei parchi , by Serena Tommasini Degna and Enrico Brizzi , documentary
2015 The nightless city , by Alessandra Pescetta , feature film
2017 Gli asteroidi , by Germano Maccioni , feature film
Commercials
Since 2005 , Lef composed the score for over 80 commercials for many brands : Louis Vuitton , Varilux , Essilor , Bolon , Mutti , Romerquelle , Harmonie Mutuelle , Kodak , Minute Maid , Récré O'lé – Mont Blanc , Chevrolet , Imetec , Valfrutta , Valsoia , Well , Maya beauty Engineering , Tetley , Cofidis , Harry , Dasani , Ferrari , Vileda , Alexa , Barilla .
Visual art
2005 The sultan 's dream , by Bruna Rotunno , video installation
2008 Le donne del cinema , by Elisa Seravalli , video installation
2009 La torre riflette , by Articolture , video installation
2012 L'arte dell'assedio , by Elisa Seravalli , educational video
2015 Non dobbiamo andare a farci ammazzare da stupidi , by Elisa Seravalli , video installation
References
External links
http : //www.lefmusic.com
http : //www.orkband.com/
http : //www.obakeband.com
http : //www.rarenoiserecords.com/
http : //www.kscopemusic.com/
Living people
Italian male composers
RareNoiseRecords artists
1977 births
21st-century Italian male singers
Quebrada Cruz is a barrio in the municipality of Toa Alta , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 5,343 living in over 30 sectors .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Quebrada Cruz barrio was 1,665 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are like minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Quebrada Cruz barrio :
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Toa Alta , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Toa Alta , Puerto Rico
1975 ACC Tournament may refer to :
1975 ACC men 's basketball tournament
1975 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Buck Hill is an elevation and ski hill in Burnsville , Minnesota , United States .
Buck Hill may also refer to :
People
Buck Hill ( musician ) ( 1927-2017 ) , American jazz saxophonist
Places
Buck Hill ( British Columbia ) , a hill in Canada
Buck Hill , Wiltshire , a hamlet in Calne Without parish , England
Buck Hill ( Herkimer County , New York ) , an elevation in the United States
Buck Hill ( Oneida County , New York ) , an elevation in the United States
See also
Buck Hill Farm Covered Bridge , bridge in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania , United States
Buck Hill Falls , Pennsylvania , private resort community in the United States
Buckhill Colliery Halt railway station , a former railway station in Cumbria , England
Ninety Five Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Remsen in Oneida County , west-northwest of Ninety Six Corners .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Take Two is the second studio album by jazz guitarist Emily Remler . The record is credited to The Emily Remler Quartet , and Remler was joined on the recording by pianist James Williams , bassist Don Thompson , and drummer Terry Clarke . Williams was best known at the time for their four years with The Jazz Messengers , and Thompson and Clarke frequently worked together as part of the Jim Hall Trio .
Jazz musician and critic Leonard Feather wrote at the liner notes of this album that `` Emily Remler has made a swift and admirable advance from promising but uncertain youngster to creative and fast growing professional '' and defined Take Two as a `` carefully planned and brilliant executed set of performances '' .
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow stated : `` Emily Remler 's second recording as a leader finds the 24-year-old guitarist still very much playing in the Wes Montgomery vein , although showing their own musical personality here and there '' .
Track listing
Personnel
Emily Remler – electric guitar
James Williams – piano
Don Thompson – bass
Terry Clarke – drums
References
1988 albums
Emily Remler albums
P. T. Selbit ( 1881–1938 ) was an English magician , inventor and writer who is credited with being the first person to perform the illusion of sawing a woman in half . Among magicians they were known for their inventiveness and entrepreneurial instinct and they are credited with creating a long list of successful stage illusions .
Early life and career
Their birth name was Percy Thomas Tibbles and they were born in Hampstead , London . They developed an interest in magic in their youth , when they were apprenticed to a silversmith . The basement of the silversmith 's shop was leased to magician and inventor Charles Morritt who used it to develop new tricks and the young Tibbles would sneak in to study these when Morritt was away . Tibbles began doing a coin and card manipulation act under the stage name P. T. Selbit , which they created by spelling their last name backwards and dropping one of the `` B '' s. They also used Selbit as a pen name , working as a journalist for a theatrical paper , writing a magic handbook and editing a trade journal for magicians .
Between 1902 and 1908 , Selbit worked in music halls under the name Joad Heteb . They had deduced audiences wanted something that seemed exotic so they donned greasepaint , robes and a wig to perform as a `` pseudo-Egyptian '' character . This episode reflects two characteristics that marked much of their magic career : inventive ability and an entrepreneurial desire to keep pulling in audiences with something new . In 1910 Selbit toured with an illusion titled `` Spirit Paintings '' , in which audience members were asked to name an artist and then pictures in the style of that artist mysteriously appeared on illuminated canvases . Their next tour featured a trick called `` The Mighty Cheese '' , in which audience members were invited to try to tip over a huge circular model of a cheese wheel , which they found impossible to do because it contained a gyroscope .
In 1912 Selbit began working for John Nevil Maskelyne and David Devant , who had come to dominate the business of magic shows in Britain with their productions at the Egyptian Hall and St George 's Hall . Selbit 's first role with Maskelyne and Devant was to tour music halls and American vaudeville during 1912 and 1913 presenting Devant 's `` Window of a Haunted House '' illusion . In 1914 Selbit introduced the `` Walking through a Wall '' illusion at St. George 's Hall .
In 1919 , Selbit staged a séance at their own flat in Bloomsbury in London . The spiritualist Arthur Conan Doyle who attended the séance was unaware of the trickery and declared the clairvoyance manifestations to be genuine .
Correspondence with Harry Houdini
Selbit had performed an illusion known as `` Walking Through a Brick Wall '' at St. George 's Hall , London in 1913 . The American magician Harry Houdini had performed the illusion a year later at Hammerstein 's Roof Garden in New York , 1914 .
Friends of Selbit in England stated that Houdini had originally observed Selbit perform the illusion in London and had stolen it as their own . Houdini responded by claiming that they had purchased the rights from the owner of the illusion , Sidney Josolyne . Selbit rejected the claims of Josolyne and stated that they were the originator of the illusion , and this caused a dispute with Houdini .
In Selbit 's illusion , an attractive young lady went through the wall . This was different than Houdini 's illusion as they had gone through the wall himself . The illusion worked by use of a trapdoor that went underneath the wall .
Sawing through a woman
There are many versions of the illusion of sawing through a woman or sawing a woman in half as well as other illusions that are based around that theme . There remains a debate as to the exact origins of the idea , with some suggesting there is a record of it from 1809 or that the idea can be traced back to ancient Egypt . Modern magic inventor Jim Steinmeyer has written that a description of the illusion was published by the great French magician Jean Robert-Houdin in 1858 , but Robert-Houdin 's idea remained just that , a written description of an effect . Selbit is generally recognised as the first magician to perform such a trick on a public stage , which they did at the Finsbury Park Empire theatre in London on 17 January 1921 . In fact , Selbit had previously performed the illusion in December 1920 before a select audience of promoters and theatrical agents at the St. George 's Hall to try to persuade one of them to book them to perform it .
In Selbit 's version a female assistant got into a wooden box that was similar in proportion to a coffin but slightly larger . They were secured there by ropes around their wrists , ankles and neck . The box was then closed , obscuring them from view . After the box was placed in a horizontal position , Selbit sawed through the middle of it with a large hand saw . The impression given to the audience was that , because of the restraints and limited room in the box , the assistant 's waist must have been in the path of the saw and they would surely have been cut through . Finally the box was opened and the assistant , still with ropes attached , was revealed as unharmed .
The impact of the illusion was immense and Selbit became a box office hit . Jim Steinmeyer attributes the success and influence of the illusion not just to Selbit 's inventiveness but also to their timing . By 1920 the world was tiring of older styles of magic . The changes to the public psyche wrought by the trauma of the First World War together with rapid social and technological change meant that the time was right for a new and shocking style of magic . The sawing illusion was pivotal in creating the cliché of the pretty female assistant subjected to torture and mutilation by magicians . Before Selbit , male and female assistants had both been used in illusions .
In Victorian times the bulky nature of female clothes often precluded the use of a female assistant in illusions which required a performer to get into a confined space . By 1920 , fashions had changed and it became not only acceptable but desirable to have a cast of attractive women displaying shapely limbs . Steinmeyer has noted that , `` beyond practical concerns , the image of the woman in peril became a specific fashion in entertainment '' .
Other magicians rapidly attempted to emulate and improve upon Selbit 's trick . Within months , American magician Horace Goldin presented a version in which the assistant 's head , hands and feet were seen in full view throughout the trick . Goldin was aggressive in the use of legal measures to try to prevent anyone from competing with him . When Selbit arrived in America to tour with their sawing illusion they found that Goldin had registered many possible titles for the act with the Vaudeville Managers ' Protective Agency . Selbit was thus forced to bill their act as `` The Divided Woman '' , which had less dramatic impact than the idea of sawing through a woman . Selbit tried to sue Goldin for stealing their idea but the action failed when it was ruled that Goldin 's illusion was sufficiently different .
The sawing illusion went through many developments after Selbit and other performers achieved fame and great commercial success for particular variants . Goldin later produced sawing illusions that dispensed with a covering box and ultimately used a large buzzsaw .
Another variant , which owed something to Selbit 's original , has been attributed to Alan Wakeling . However Selbit retains their place in history as the first to present a sawing trick , and thus as a figure who shaped popular perceptions of stage illusions for decades .
Revival
In the 1990s , the renowned English magician Paul Daniels performed an homage to Selbit on their television series Secrets . Describing the origins of the trick , Daniels performs the sawing a woman in half illusion in its original form , in the style of Selbit , also including Selbit 's development of using panes of glass , giving the effect that the woman also has their head and legs cut off and their body cut in half vertically .
Subsequent career and illusions
Following their court battles in America , which effectively prevented them achieving the same level of success there as they had in Britain , Selbit returned home in 1922 . They turned their attention to developing new illusions in the hope of creating something that would repeat the impact of sawing . They are credited with devising Girl/Man without a Middle ( 1924 ) , Through the Eye of a Needle ( 1924 ) , The Million Dollar Mystery , Stretching a Girl , and Avoiding the Crush , Selbit 's Blocks and possibly also the Siberian Chain Escape . Although some effects were highly ingenious and several were sufficiently successful that they continued to be performed by subsequent generations of magicians , none achieved the fame of sawing .
In 1928 Selbit went to the aid of Morritt , the magician from whom they had surreptitiously learned so much at the start of their career . Morritt had been arrested and charged with `` obtaining money under false pretences '' as the result of a misunderstanding over the way they were scraping a living from an act titled `` Man in a Trance '' . Selbit and Will Goldston helped to fund Morritt 's defence and they were eventually acquitted .
Published work
The Magician 's Handbook ( 1901 )
The Magical Entertainer ( 1906 )
Conjuring Patter ( 1907 )
The Magic Art of Entertaining ( 1907 )
From 1905 to 1910 , they edited a magic magazine called The Wizard , which , under another editor , later became The Magic Wand .
References
Further reading
Eric C. Lewis & Peter Warlock , P.T . Selbit : Magical Innovator , Magical Publications ( 1989 ) ,
Jim Steinmeyer , Hiding the Elephant : How Magicians Invented the Impossible and Learned to Disappear , Carroll & Graf , ( reprint August 2004 ) ,
Jim Steinmeyer , Art and Artifice : And Other Essays of Illusion , Carroll & Graf , ( September 2006 ) ,
P. T. Selbit , The Magician 's Handbook : a Complete Encyclopedia of the Magic Art , ( various editions , including : Marshall & Brookes , 1902 ; 3rd edition Dawbarn & Ward , 1904 )
External links
Plays by P.T . Selbit on the Great War Theatre website
1881 births
1938 deaths
English magicians
Harry Houdini
People from Hampstead
Radio Iodine was an American alternative rock band from St. Louis , Missouri , United States . It was formed in 1993 as 9 Days Wonder by Tony Persyn , their wife Ellen and drummer Steven “ Stitch ” Held . After another band threatened to sue over the name , the band changed its name to Radio Iodine . It signed to Radioactive Records , which released a self-titled EP in 1996 . Radioactive Records chairperson Gary Kurfirst moved the band to their new subsidiary label Radiouniverse , and the band 's 1997 album Tiny Warnings was the label 's inaugural release .
A midwest tour took the band through the summer of 1997 . In the fall of 1997 , Tom Bramer quit the band and was replaced by guitarist Mike Speckhard . The band performed its final show at Mississippi Nights in St. Louis on December 12 , 1998 .
Tony Persyn died on January 12 , 2020 .
Members
Ellen Bledsoe - vocals
Tom Bramer - guitars
Mike Speckhard - guitars
Anna DiPiazza - keyboards , backing vocals
Tony Persyn - bass and sequencing
Greg Miller - drums
Former member original drummer
Steven `` Stitch '' Held
Linda Gaal - backing vocals Former member
Discography
References
External links
Radio Iodine on Last.fm
Musical groups established in 1995
Musical groups disestablished in 1998
Alternative rock groups from Missouri
Musical groups from St. Louis
Ilya Lopert ( May 1 , 1905 – February 27 , 1971 ) was a Russian Empire-born American film producer and distributor . They were renowned for distributing foreign films for both arthouse and mainstream release in the United States . They were often credited as I. E. Lopert .
Biography
Lopert studied electrical engineering after the First World War in Switzerland , in Belgium at the University of Ghent , and the University of Grenoble from 1930 to 1933 . They held a variety of jobs in France and the French Sudan . Fluent in French , German , Italian , Russian , Polish and English as well as their native Lithuanian , they found themselves employed by Paramount Pictures studios in Paris where they dubbed American films into Spanish . They accompanied their wife to the United States in 1936 , and found work in Hollywood preparing American films for the South American market .
Film distribution
Lopert formed Pax Films and Juno Films to distribute foreign films in the USA , most famously Mayerling ( 1936 ) . They became head of foreign film distribution for MGM , resigning in 1946 to become an independent distributor . Lopert remarked that prior to World War II only 12 foreign films a year played in the United States and it was impossible to make a living distributing foreign language films in America .
Lopert Films was created in 1947 to release foreign films in the USA such as Shoeshine ( 1946 ) , Richard III ( 1955 ) , and Nights of Cabiria ( 1957 ) . Lopert produced Summertime ( 1955 ) for David Lean and Katharine Hepburn and also owned two cinemas in Washington D.C. the DuPont and Playhouse and one cinema in New York City , the Plaza. < ref > p.226 Balio , Tino United Artists : The Company that Changed the Film Industry Univ of Wisconsin Press , 1987 < /ref >
Though critically acclaimed , their films were American box office failures that forced them to sell their theatres . In 1958 , United Artists bought Lopert Films , renaming them Lopert Pictures to release foreign films that may attract controversy by being in violation of the Production Code of the time . Lopert Pictures first release for United Artists was Black Orpheus ( 1959 ) followed by the smash hit Never on Sunday ( 1960 ) . In 1961 , Lopert became United Artists ' coordinator of European Production .
In addition to foreign films , Lopert films also released Billy Wilder 's Kiss Me , Stupid ( 1964 ) .
At the 1964 Academy Awards presentation , Ilya Lopert , representing United Artists , accepted , without saying a word , the best picture Oscar for Tom Jones on behalf of the film 's producers who made no move to attend , and were thus ostracized .
The arthouse film industry collapsed in the United States in 1970 . Variety '' reporting that for the first time in six years not one foreign language film grossed over one million dollars . This trend and other factors affecting Hollywood at the end of the 1960s led United Artists to close Lopert films in 1970 . They had a daughter , Tanya Lopert , who became an actor .
References
External links
American film producers
Film distributors ( people )
1905 births
1971 deaths
American people of Lithuanian descent
20th-century American businesspeople
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to Switzerland
Swiss expatriates in Belgium
Swiss expatriates in France
Swiss expatriates in Mali
Swiss emigrants to the United States
Oviedo Express is a 2007 Spanish comedy-drama film directed and written by Gonzalo Suárez . It stars Carmelo Gómez , Aitana Sánchez-Gijón , Maribel Verdú , Najwa Nimri , Jorge Sanz , Bárbara Goenaga and Alberto Jiménez .
Plot
The plot was reportedly inspired on Stefan Zweig 's Fear , although barely anything of the work ( the nexus with the intrigue if at all ) is identifiable in the film . A troupe of thespians moves to Oviedo to stage a play based on La Regenta . Mariola Mayo is the leading actor performing the stage role of La Regenta/Ana Ozores . The Mayor of Oviedo has an affair with journalist Bárbara Ruiz . Emma ( a nod to Madame Bovary character ) , the scorned spouse of the Mayor of Oviedo and a young scholar preparing a PhD dissertation on La Regenta , portrays a sort of Regenta-like in-fiction character . Emma has sexual intercourse with Benjamín Olmo , the leading actor of the play .
Cast
Production
The project was originally titled Érase una vez Oviedo . The film was shot in Oviedo in 2006 .
Release
The film was theatrically released in Spain on 31 October 2007 .
Reception
Alberto Bermejo of El Mundo rated the film 4 out of 5 stars , writing that `` above many other things , 'Oviedo Express ' is very funny , even though it is much more than a comedy '' , with additional superimposed layers of farce , vaudeville , melodrama , and caricature , also featuring a cast of actors taking risks `` in unusual registers '' delivering the elaborated and `` highly personal '' dialogues of Gonzalo Suárez .
Jonathan Holland of Variety deemed the film to be `` a typically eccentric dramedy '' and ( so much ) `` over-the-top '' , featuring a `` bunch of fine Spanish actors overacting for all they 're worth '' .
Accolades
|-
| align = `` center '' rowspan = `` 8 '' | 2008 || rowspan = `` 7 '' | 22nd Goya Awards || Best Original Screenplay || Gonzalo Suárez || || rowspan = `` 7 '' |
|-
| Best New Actress || Bárbara Goenaga ||
|-
| Best Production Supervision || Teresa Cepeda ||
|-
| Best Cinematography || Carlos Suárez ||
|-
| Best Original Score || Carles Cases ||
|-
| Best Art Direction || Wolfang Burmann ||
|-
| Best Makeup and Hairstyles || Lourdes Briones , Fermín Galán ||
|-
| 17th Actors and Actresses Union Awards || Best Film Actor in a Secondary Role || Jorge Sanz || ||
| }
See also
List of Spanish films of 2007
References
Bibliography
External links
Oviedo Express at ICAA 's Catálogo de Cinespañol
Films shot in Asturias
Films set in Asturias
Spanish comedy-drama films
2007 comedy-drama films
2000s Spanish-language films
Films about actors
2000s Spanish films
The Men 's 200 metre breaststroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 18 May 2016 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world , European and championship records were as follows .
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 18 May at 10:29 .
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 18 May at 18:22 .
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 19 May at 18:46 .
References
Men 's 200 metre breaststroke
Hibbett is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
David Hibbett , associate professor in biology at Clark University
Howard Hibbett ( born 1920 ) , translator and professor emeritus of Japanese literature at Harvard University
MJ Hibbett ( born 1970 ) , English guitarist singer-songwriter
See also
Hibbett Sports , publicly traded holding company for Hibbett Sporting Goods , sporting goods retailer
Tenaza Peak ( ) is a peak ( 1,345 m ) located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ) east of Mount Pechell in the west-central part of Hedgpeth Heights , Anare Mountains , Antarctica . Mapped by the United States Geological Survey ( USGS ) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos , 1960–63 . Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names ( US-ACAN ) for Richard R. Tenaza , United States Antarctic Research Program ( USARP ) biologist at Hallett Station , 1967–68 .
Tenaza spent the Antarctic summer of 1967–68 at Cape Hallet assisting in one research project ( Thompson & Emlen , 1968 ) while simultaneously conducting their own study determining the importance of nest position and colony size in reproductive success of Adelie penguin ( Tenaza , 1971 ) . Subsequently , Dr. Tenaza 's field work was mainly with primates in SE Asia . Dr. Tenaza is currently Professor Emeritus of Biological Sciences at the University of the Pacific in Stockton , California .
References
Tenaza R ( 1971 ) Behavior and nesting success relative to nest location in Adelie penguins ( Pygoscelis adeliae ) . Condor 73:81-92
Thompson , D. H. , and J. T. Emlen . 1968 . Parent–chick individualrecognition in the Adelie Penguin . Antarctic Journal of the United States 3:132 .
Mountains of Victoria Land
Pennell Coast
Scott Lake is an unincorporated community in Washington State , located beside Scott Lake . Its location is Section 33 , Township 17N , Range 2W , Willamette Meridian and Section 4 , Township 16N , Range 2W , Willamette Meridian . The Scott Lake Community had 581 houses as of March 9 , 2009 , which would likely place the population around 1,505 people based on the average number of people per household in the United States . There are 38 streets in the Scott Lake Community . The Scott Lake Community forms two voter precincts , Scott Lake North and Scott Lake South .
The Scott Lake Community Center is a building owned by the Scott Lake Maintenance Company , a non-profit community owned organization . The Scott Lake Community Center is where decisions are made for the community by the Scott Lake Board of Trustees . The community center is used to hold an annual community garage sale . The community center is also rented out for private events as well .
Scott Lake Grocery is a store located at the entrance of the Scott Lake Community . It is a gas station and grocery store . It has been in existence since 1962 .
Scott Lake Golf Course is a nine-hole golf course located next to the lake . As of 2009 , it was owned and operated by Joel Boede . The Scott Lake Golf Course has been in existence since 1964 .
The highest point in the Scott Lake Community is the top of Champion Hill , which sits at an elevation of . The lowest point in the Scott Lake Community is the surface of Scott Lake , which sits at an elevation of .
History
Scott Lake was originally called Scott 's Lake . It was likely named after Joseph M. Scott who homesteaded a property in 1869 . The corner of the property came close the lake .
The official name today is Scott Lake , and has been so since at least 1947 . However , the name Scotts Lake without the apostrophe is still officially listed as a variant name .
In September 1961 , a trust agreement between E. Clifford , J. Clifford , Richard A. Clifford , Edward A. Clifford , B. Clifford , Josephine Clifford , Charles B. Jennings , P. Jennings , J. Swanson , V. Swanson , Paul O. O ' Reilly , and June O ' Reilly was made to form the Scott Lake Development Company . The Scott Lake Development Company bought the farm next to Scott Lake to turn it into a housing development . The land was surveyed and platted by Hugh G. Goldsmith . The first building in the Scott Lake Community was a real-estate office , built in 1961 . On February 21 , 1962 , all roads in the Scott Lake Community were dedicated to the public . On March 29 , 1962 , the Scott Lake Development Company filed with the state as a corporation . During the early years of this development , the Scott Lake Community was accessible from Interstate 5 . McCorckle Rd . ( now called 113th Ave. ) used to be a crossroad that intersected the freeway .
The Scott Lake Store was built in 1962 . The store has been called Scott Lake Grocery since before 1984 , and has sold gas for many years . As of 2009 , Scott Lake Grocery was on its eighth owner .
The Scott Lake Park , a private park by the lake opened to community residents was built in 1963 .
The Scott Lake Country Club ( now called the Scott Lake Golf Course ) officially opened on April 30 , 1965 , and the official opening lasted until May 9 . It started out as a nine-hole golf course . In the 1970s , it was expanded to an 18-hole golf course . Half of the golf course could only be used during the summer dry months . The ground was too wet and muddy to use that half during the rest of the year . The cost to maintain it was too expensive , and the golf course was reduced back to a nine-hole golf course .
The Scott Lake Maintenance Company , a non-profit community-owned organization , formed on July 5 , 1973 . The water system was turned over to the board of directors that day ; it was the formation of Scott Lake Water . The Scott Lake Community Center was built in 1973 .
In 1975 , Thurston County changed the names of 27 roads in the Scott Lake Community during a county-wide change .
On August 4 , 1991 , a 1947 single-engine RC-3 Republic CB airplane crashed into the waters of Scott Lake .
On June 29 , 2003 , a large fire broke out on the side of Champion Hill . Seven fire departments worked over three hours putting out the fire . Due to the winds , the fire burned up over .
References
Unincorporated communities in Washington ( state )
Carenum sumptuosum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae . It was described by John O. Westwood in 1842 .
References
sumptuosum
Beetles described in 1842
Founded by American leatherworker and artist Samuel Lee ( November 9 , 1984 ) , Prince Armory 's work has been featured in commercials , Broadway tours , and is popular among comic book fans on the internet .
Early life
Born in Houston , Texas , Lee developed a love for drawing and medieval armor at a young age , gathering inspirations from animated shows like X-Men , Batman , Transformers , as well as watching shows from the anime genre .
In their late teens , Lee became interested in Live action role-playing games and renaissance festivals , and it was at these events is where they were first introduced to the craft of leatherworking . They started their crafting with a beginner kit from Tandy Leather . These events became a pastime where they would imagine weapons and costumes to make for themselves and friends .
Prince Armory
Lee founded Prince Armory in 2007 , making highly detailed wearable leather art in the form of medieval fantasy armor . As their skills , business , and reputation continued to evolve , Lee 's creations have been featured on television and Broadway , many commissions selling for over $ 15,000 each .
Their work has appeared on the television show Shipping Wars , and some of their work can be seen featured in a Samsung Smart TV commercial . Lee was commissioned to craft the armor for Prince Charming and their knights for Cinderella ( 2013 Broadway production ) . Lee 's distinctive style featured in their commissioned pieces has quickly given Prince Armory internet popularity , being featured by Nerdist , MTV , Stan Winston School of Character Arts , Business Insider , and more .
References
1984 births
Leatherworkers
American artists
Living people
Bruno Méndez may refer to :
Bruno Méndez ( footballer ) ( born 1999 ) , Uruguayan footballer
Bruno Méndez ( racing driver ) ( born 1990 ) , Spanish racing driver
Plectophila discalis is a moth of the family Xyloryctidae first described by Francis Walker in 1865 . It is found in Australia , where it has been recorded from New South Wales , Queensland and Victoria .
The wingspan is 20–25 mm . The forewings are white , in females with a light fuscous suffusion forming a cloudy fascia , its outer edge distinct and rectangularly angulated in the middle , from three-fifths of the costa to the inner margin before the anal angle , and occupying the entire dorsal two-thirds of the wing from the base up to this , except a cloudy white spot below the middle , sometimes sprinkled with dark fuscous longitudinally in the disc , and on the posterior margin of the fascia . In males , these markings are largely reduced or nearly obsolete , showing only partial indications of the posterior fascia and a small spot on the fold before middle . There is an irregular suffused fuscous streak along the hindmargin , the hindmarginal edge dark fuscous . The hindwings are pale whitish ochreous grey , the terminal half suffused with rather dark grey , the extreme apex whitish ochreous .
The larvae feed on Syncarpia glomulifera , Eucalyptus scabra , Cryptocarya glaucescens and Hibiscus tiliaceus . They feed from within a shelter of tied leaves .
References
Moths of Australia
Plectophila
Moths described in 1865
Agrapha orbifer is a moth of the family Noctuidae . It is found on La Réunion .
References
Guenée , 1865 . Lépidoptères de Madagascar . – In : Vinson , A. Voyage à Madagascar au couronnement de Radama II , Annexe F. Lépidoptères . - — :25–48 ; pls . 4–7
Plusiinae
Moths described in 1865
Moths of Réunion
Moths of Africa
Shahpar Football Club ( Persian : باشگاه فوتبال شهپر ) was an Iranian football club based in Tehran , Iran.that participated in Tehran Football League from 1970s ,
Honours
Tehran Football Championship :
Runner-Up : 1978-1979
Football clubs in Iran
Sport in Tehran
1936 establishments in Iran
Pietro Brollo ( 1 December 1933 – 5 December 2019 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop .
Brollo was born in Italy and was ordained to the priesthood in 1957 . They served as titular bishop of Zuglio and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Udine , Italy , from 1985 to 1995 . They then served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Belluno-Feltre , Italy , from 1995 to 2000 . Brollo served as archbishop of the Udine Archdiocese from 2000 to 2009 .
Notes
1933 births
2019 deaths
Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
The rufous-bellied niltava ( Niltava sundara ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
It is found in Bangladesh , Bhutan , China , India , Laos , Myanmar , Nepal , Pakistan , Thailand , and Vietnam . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest .
Rufous-bellied niltava measures 15–18 cm and weighs 19–24 g. It is a large , stocky and brightly coloured flycatcher with rounded head shape , fairly short tail and broad-based bill .
Taxonomy and systematics
The rufous-breasted niltava is one of six species in the genus Niltava , found in South and Southeast Asia along with China . This bird has sometimes been considered to be conspecific with the Fujian niltava and rufous-vented niltava .
It was described by Brian Hodgson in 1837 . The specific epithet sundara is a Latinised version of the Hindi word sundar , meaning `` beautiful '' .
The bird has also been called the blue-and-orange niltava or black-and-orange niltava , as the male 's blue upperparts may look black in poor light . Other names for the bird include orange-bellied niltava , beautiful niltava , or the sundara niltava .
Subspecies
N. s. sundara - ( Hodgson , 1837 ) : The nominate subspecies , it is found in the central and eastern Himalayas east from Nepal and from South China to Myanmar . Non-breeding individuals are also found northeastern Bangladesh .
N. s. whistleri - ( Ticehurst , 1926 ) : Found in the Himalayas in north India and Pakistan , extending eastward up until Uttarakhand . The subspecific epithet is in honour of Hugh Whistler . Males have paler underparts than that of the nominate , and females have a paler tail , upperparts , and more greyish-olive on their underparts .
N. s. denotata - ( Bangs & Phillips , 1914 ) : Found in eastern Myanmar , southern China , and northwestern Vietnam . Non-breeding individuals can be found further south to northern Thailand and Indochina . Males more violet-blue in colour than that of the nominate , with females having more olive-brown on the crown and nape , buff on forehead , rufous-brown on mantle and rufous on uppertail-coverts and tail edges .
Ecology and behaviour
Diet
The rufous-breasted niltava is predominantly insectivorous . Its diet mainly consists of small invertebrates and larvae ( especially ants and beetles ) , along with occasional consumption of fruit . Feeds by perching quietly in the undergrowth and darting out or dropping to the ground to catch prey . Rufous-breasted niltavas tend to feed either solitarily or in pairs , sometimes joining mixed-species flocks . It tends to be more solitary in winter .
Gallery
References
rufous-bellied niltava
Birds of Central China
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Tibet
Birds of Yunnan
rufous-bellied niltava
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of Nepal
Prasophyllum pictum is a species of orchid endemic to New South Wales . It has a single tubular , shiny dark green leaf and up to twenty two scented brown , pink , purple and white flowers . It is only known from three subpopulations on the Northern Tablelands .
Description
Prasophyllum pictum is a terrestrial , perennial , deciduous , herb with an underground tuber and a single shiny , dark green , tube-shaped leaf , long and wide with a purplish base . Between about nine and twenty two flowers are crowded along a flowering spike long , reaching to a height of up to . The flowers are sweetly scented and are white with brown , pink and purple tones . As with others in the genus , the flowers are inverted so that the labellum is above the column rather than below it . The dorsal sepal is broadly egg-shaped to lance-shaped , long , wide and has three to five darker veins and a pointed tip . The lateral sepals are linear to lance-shaped , long , about wide and joined to each other , at least when the flower first opens . The petals are white with a pink to red central area , linear , long and about wide . The labellum is white , oblong to lance-shaped , long , about wide and turns sharply upwards through more than 90° . There is an egg-shaped to wedge-shaped yellow callus with a dark green base in the centre of the labellum and extending well past the bend . Flowering occurs between late November and late December .
Taxonomy and naming
Prasophyllum pictum was first formally described in 2018 by David Jones and Lachlan Copeland from a specimen collected near Ebor and the description was published in Australian Orchid Review . The specific epithet ( pictum ) is derived from the Latin word pictus meaning `` painted '' or `` colored '' , referring to the colourful flowers of this leek orchid .
Distribution and habitat
This leek orchid grows in grassland and grassy woodland at altitudes of about . It is only known from three subpopulations containing a total of about 200 plants near Ebor .
References
pictum
Orchids of New South Wales
Endemic orchids of Australia
Plants described in 2018
Panakkara Pillai ( ) is a 1968 Indian Tamil-language film . It stars Jayalalithaa opposite Ravichandran . The supporting cast included Nagesh , S. N. Lakshmi and M. N. Nambiar . The story was written by Mahendran . The film has Ravichandran in a double role . It was a successful film on its release . The song `` Maanikka Magudam '' , in particular was very popular from this film . The songs for Jayalalithaa were sung by P. Susheela and for Ravichandran , songs were sung by T. M. Sounderrajan . The music was composed by S. M. Subbaiah Naidu . The film was released on 14 January 1968 .
Plot
Cast
Jayalalithaa
Ravichandran
Nagesh
Manorama
V. K. Ramasamy
Jyothi Lakshmi
M. N. Nambiar
M. R. R. Vasu
Soundtrack
Lyrics were written by Vaali .
`` Maanikka Magudam '' -
`` Eppothu Naadagathai '' -
`` Namadhu Arasu '' -
`` Parisam Potta maama '' -
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Tamil-language films
Films with screenplays by Mahendran ( filmmaker )
Miss Dulcie from Dixie is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by Joseph Gleason and starring Gladys Leslie , Charles Kent , Arthur Donaldson , Julia Swayne Gordon , and James W. Morrison . It is based on the 1917 novel of the same name by Lulah Ragsdale . The film was released by Vitagraph Company of America on March 24 , 1919 .
Plot
Cast
Gladys Leslie as Dulcie Culpepper
Charles Kent as Colonel Culpepper
Arthur Donaldson as Uncle John
Julia Swayne Gordon as Aunt John
James W. Morrison as Orrin Castleton
Preservation
The film is now considered lost .
References
External links
1919 drama films
Silent American drama films
1919 films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Vitagraph Studios films
Lost American films
Films based on American novels
1919 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
The Guirlande Antwerpen [ ɡiʁ.lɑd ] ( Dutch for Garland of Antwerp ) is a sculpture located on the storefront of an antique shop in Antwerp 's antique district . It is at Kloosterstraat 81 in the St. Andries quarter .
History
The sculpture was commissioned by Tony Bogaert , one of the first antique dealers of Kloosterstraat . The sculpture was designed and made by the visual artist Bruno de Smedt in 1997 . The disorderly sculpture is a sprawling 5.6 metres wide and 7 metres tall ( 18 by 23 ft ) , and took de Smedt fully five months to carve .
The Guirlande is seen by many as a symbol of the district and Antwerp which is well known for antiques , art , trinkets and alternative designs . The artwork refers to typical elements for ornamentation and are harmoniously incorporated into an asymmetrical whole ; include a cabinet , the cornucopia , an eagle and a Caryatid . The artist with their characteristic organic style shaped something that not only represents Antwerp , but also paid homage to the patron Tony Bogaert , an extravagant figure and mischievous and cunning business person . A fool 's cap and fox refer to this and are processed at the top of the façade sculpture .
Material
It was created entirely from cedar wood due to its durability against wind and the elements . The wood of this coniferous tree has a high resin content extremely resistant to moisture fluctuations . Because the wood is untreated , it gets a satin finish and ages naturally to a silver surface .
References
External links
Houtsensuur
Sculptures in Belgium
Culture in Antwerp
This article describes the main round of the 2017–18 Women 's EHF Champions League .
Qualified teams
Format
In each group , teams played against each other in a double round-robin format , with home and away matches against teams they did not meet before . Points obtained in the group stage were taken over . After completion of the group stage matches , the top four teams of each group advanced to the quarterfinals .
Groups
The matchdays were 26–28 January , 2–4 February , 9–11 February , 23–25 February , 2–4 March and 9–11 March 2017 .
Group 1
Group 2
References
External links
Official website
2017–18 Women 's EHF Champions League
The Russian Wilds is the third full-length studio album from the blues rock band Howlin Rain , released on February 14 , 2012 by American Recordings .
Background and recording
The Russian Wilds took four years to make . At the request of Rick Rubin , the band wrote 150 songs . Recording took place with producer Tim Green .
Reception
The Russian Wilds was met with some critical acclaim . At Metacritic , which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews and ratings from mainstream critics , the album received a metascore of 73 , based on 16 reviews , indicating `` generally favorable reviews . '' AllMusic reviewer Thom Jurek said that the album was `` Howlin ' Rain 's most accessible recording , '' but noted that the `` enormous ambition and musical mastery of rock & roll 's mighty past make it an essential one , too . '' Writing for Beats per Minute , critic Johan Alm described The Russian Wilds as `` one particularly fine rock record , '' but stated that while the record `` is hardly going to shock you to the core ... it 's a more than able record by one of the most consistently strong groups in its genre . '' Consequence of Sound Frank Mojica described The Russian Wilds as `` a crash course in 70 's album-oriented rock , '' adding that it `` captures the magic of on-stage jamming , such as the psychedelic guitar solos on opener 'Self Made Man ' . '' Critic Tom Hughes of The Guardian was not quite so impressed , stating that the band `` ape the cons as well as the pros of 70s rock : longer-than-necessary songs , a weakness for cliche and , inevitably , unabashed retroism '' , opining that the album sounded `` a bit weighed-down '' . In their review for musicOMH , Paul Bonadio offered the opinion that The Russian Wilds was `` a complete contrast to the iTunes and MP3 market of today . As such , those looking for an eerily familiar – and often brilliant – throwback to the sounds of 1972 , please enquire within '' while also noting that `` those seeking a band whose aim is to progress a new musical sound should tender their thoughts elsewhere . ''
In an unfavorable review for the NME , Ailbhe Malone described the album as `` a curious hybrid '' , finding that it contained `` proper classic rock moments , but elsewhere sounding a bit elevator music '' and observing that `` though Ethan Miller 's vocals are impeccable , they get lost in strange metaphors and an excess of ideas . '' Despite saying that `` at just over an hour , The Russian Wilds is too long '' , The Quietus Barnaby Smith found that the album was `` a marked step forward in Miller 's songwriting '' and found it to be `` overall , a cascading and rewarding listen . '' Reviewer Aaron Leitko of Pitchfork Media noted that while The Russian Wilds `` has all the tropes of a record-as-game-changer -- it 's moody and duende-soaked , meticulously crafted , and sprawling in its ambition '' , the album `` strives for timelessness , but sounds temporally adrift '' , adding that `` The Russian Wilds main failing , though , is that , in comparison to the band 's concerts , it feels flat . '' Rolling Stone David Fricke was more complementary , finding that the album 's classic rock influences `` are propelled with bracing studio clarity and hot-live gig immediacy '' and saying that `` the inspirations and pot-dream idealism may be retro ; the zeal and momentum are not . '' In a review for Spin magazine , Grayson Currin described The Russian Wilds as `` a terrible album , another unfortunate instance in which the world 's major-label machine has failed to understand the essence of a band they 've inked '' , observing that it `` attempts to be something more than just a rock 'n ' roll record . Instead ... we get big-budget bloat , lifeless lines , and none of the warmth or reality that would cause any label to take interest in the first place . ''
Track listing
Band members
Ethan Miller – Vocals , guitar
Raj Ojha – Drums , percussion
Cyrus Comiskey – Bass
Joel Robinow – Keyboard , guitar , horns , vocals
Isaiah Mitchell – Guitar , vocals
Credits
Tim Green – producer
Arik Roper – artwork
References
External links
2012 albums
American Recordings ( record label ) albums
Howlin Rain albums
Giovanni Andrés Moreno Cardona ( ; born 1 July 1986 ) is a Colombian former footballer who used to play for club Atlético Nacional where they primarily operated as an attacking midfielder .
Club career
Moreno would start their career with top tier Colombian side Envigado in the 2006 league season , however in their debut season they would be part of the squad that was relegated to the second tier . The manager Jesús Barrios would show significant faith in Moreno who would go on to play a major part in guiding the team to the Categoría Primera B title and promotion back into the top tier at the end of the 2007 league season . In the club 's first league game of the 2008 league season on 3 February 2008 Moreno would be included in the first team and also score their first top flight goal for the club in a 2–0 victory against Deportivo Pereira . They would continue their good form despite the step up in quality and after playing half the season for Envigado where they played in 22 games and scored 10 goals they would start to attract the interests of fellow top-tier club Atlético Nacional .
Moreno transferred to Atlético Nacional for 1.6 million Euros and they would go on to score their first goal for the club on 27 July 2008 in a league game against Once Caldas in a 2–0 victory . In their first full season for the club they would help guide them to the semi-finals of the 2009 Copa Colombia while personally becoming their top goalscorer of the season with 21 goals . The Colombian footballer joined Argentine Primera División side Racing Club for the 2010-11 season . Atlético Nacional received 4.3 million US dollars for 75 % of Moreno 's rights , half being paid by Racing and the other half by a third party entrepreneurial group . They would make their debut for the club in a league game on 14 August 2010 against Boca Juniors in a 2–1 victory . This was followed by their first goal for the club , which was in a league game on 18 September 2010 against Club Atlético Lanús in a 4–0 win . Their season would come to a premature end when on 13 February 2011 in league game against All Boys when they sustained a posterior cruciate ligament injury in the knee , ruling them out for eight months . Upon their return Moreno would soon regain their position in the team , however after a series of disappointing results Moreno and teammate Federico Santander would receive death threats that reached its escalation point on Tuesday , 22 May 2012 , after training when both men were held at gunpoint by a gang who told them to play better or have their legs blown off .
After the incident in Argentina , Moreno left to join Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenhua on June 24 , 2012 , on a two-year contract with the option of a further two years for 9 million dollars . They would go on to make their debut in a league game on July 1 , 2012 , against Qingdao Jonoon F.C . away in a 1–0 defeat . This was followed by their first goal for the club in a league game against Guangzhou Evergrande on July 28 , 2012 , in a 2–2 draw . The following season would see the owners of the club have a shareholders dispute , which ultimately saw the club 's biggest shareholder Zhu Jun eventually leaving , causing a gap in the club finances resulting in unpaid wages forcing Moreno to refuse to play the March 31 , 2013 league game against Liaoning Whowin . They would return to playing for Shenhua and the club would go on to find themselves a new majority shareholder in Greenland Holding Group Company Limited . For their loyalty with remaining with Shenhua the club made Moreno their captain and they extended their stay in China by signing a two-year contract extension with Shenhua in July 2015 . This would then see them become the club 's top league goalscorer with 43 goals when they scored against Beijing Guoan on July 23 , 2017 , in a 2–1 defeat . At the end of the season Moreno would win their first piece of silverware with the club when they captained Shenhua to the 2017 Chinese FA Cup .
International career
Moreno was given their international debut by Eduardo Lara in a friendly against Nigeria on 20 November 2008 coming on as a substitute in a 1–0 victory .
In May 2018 they were named in Colombia 's preliminary 35-man squad for the 2018 World Cup in Russia . However , they did not make the final cut to 23 .
Career statistics
Club
.
International
As of match played 27 March 2018 .
International goals
Scores and results list Colombia 's goal tally first .
Honours
Club
Envigado
Categoría Primera B : 2007
Shanghai Shenhua
Chinese FA Cup : 2017 , 2019
Atlético Nacional
Categoría Primera A : 2022
References
External links
Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
Facebook : https : //www.facebook.com/GiovanniMorenoofficial
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Antioquia Department
Association football forwards
Colombian footballers
Colombia international footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Envigado F.C . players
Atlético Nacional footballers
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Shanghai Shenhua F.C . players
Categoría Primera A player
Categoría Primera B players
Chinese Super League players
Argentine Primera División players
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in China
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in China
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Kesenözü is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey .
References
Villages in Seben District
Inozemtsev ( ) is a Russian masculine surname , its feminine counterpart is Inozemtseva . It may refer to
Nikolay Inozemtsev ( 1921–1982 ) , Russian economist and journalist
Vladislav Inozemtsev , Russian academician
Volodymyr Inozemtsev ( born 1964 ) , Ukrainian triple jumper
Russian-language surnames
The Yangtze Plate , also called the South China Block or the South China Subplate , comprises the bulk of southern China . It is separated on the east from the Okinawa Plate by a rift that forms the Okinawa Trough which is a back-arc basin , on the south by the Sunda Plate and the Philippine Sea Plate , and on the north and west by the Eurasian Plate . The Longmenshan Fault on the latter border was the site of the 2008 Wenchuan earthquake .
The Yangtze Plate was formed by the disaggregation of the Rodinia Supercontinent 750 million years ago , in the Neoproterozoic era . South China rifted away from the Gondwana supercontinent in the Silurian . During the formation of the great supercontinent Pangaea , South China was a smaller , separate continent located off the east coast of the supercontinent and drifting northward . In the Triassic the Yangtze Plate collided with the North China Plate , thereby connecting with Pangaea , and formed the Sichuan basin . In the Cenozoic the Yangtze Plate was influenced by the collision of the Indian and Eurasian plates creating the uplifting of the Longmen Mountains . Its southward motion is accommodated along the Red River fault .
References
Sources
Tectonic plates
Geology of China
Geology of the Pacific Ocean
The 2001 Algerian Cup Final was the 37th final of the Algerian Cup . The final took place on July 10 , 2001 , at Stade 5 Juillet 1962 in Algiers . USM Alger beat CR Mécheria 1-0 to win their 5th Algerian Cup .
Pre-match
Details
References
Cup
Algeria
Algerian Cup Finals
USM Alger matches
Love Lies Bleeding is a two-part British thriller crime drama , first broadcast on ITV between 27 and 28 February 2006 . The programme follows the story of self-made millionaire Mark Terry ( Martin Kemp ) , whose life is turned upside down by the unexpected return of an old school friend , Stuart Milburn ( Hugo Speer ) , who is determined to seek revenge for Terry 's failure to acknowledge their part in the manslaughter of their schoolteacher , who collapsed and died after a schoolboy prank went horribly wrong . As Milburn sets up a chain of events to ensure Terry 's downfall , they find they are slowly running out of friends - or people to turn to , and their only hope is to go on the run . The programme was broadcast over two nights , with each part earning 5.81 and 4.56 million viewers respectively . Love Lies Bleeding was released on DVD in Australia on 3 September 2009 by Roadshow Entertainment .
Plot
One night , self made millionaire Mark Terry ( Martin Kemp ) is in the middle of a blazing row with their wife Zara ( Claire Goose ) when an old school friend , Stuart Milburn ( Hugo Speer ) turns up at their door . Stuart , now a Detective Inspector , informs Mark that they are back in town after transferring from Leeds following the death of their police partner at the hands of Thomas Jordic ( Wayne Michaels ) , a high collar criminal whom they have never been able to nail . Having recently suffered the loss of their baby son to cot death , Zara is struggling to interact with Mark , leading to them spending more and more time with Stuart . One Friday night , Stuart takes Mark out to a local club and shows them surveillance pictures of a man supposedly kissing Zara . Mark is furious , and proclaims they are going to kill them Stuart calms them down , and pairs them up with a date , whose flat they end up returning to . The next morning , Mark awakens and begins to stumble home . Stuart approaches him , and says that they have a surprise . They drive Mark out to a deserted field close to a nearby motorway , where Mark notices that Zara 's car is parked . As Mark walks up to the car , they are shocked to find Zara dead , having slit their wrists . Stuart , however , claims that they killed them at Mark 's request . Stuart claims that during their time at the club , Mark became so inebriated that they offered them £100,000 to kill Zara , in front of a number of witnesses .
Distressed at their wife 's death , Mark realises they have no choice but to play the situation , and Stuart convinces them to head to the police station earlier the next day to report Zara missing . Mark meets with one of Stuart 's colleagues , DI Colin Dunne ( Reece Dinsdale ) , who lists Zara as a missing person . Later that day , Stuart confronts Mark and says that it is time to repay the favour . Stuart asks Mark to confront and murder Jordic outside one of their strip clubs in the West End of London . Stuart drives Mark to Jordic 's club , and provides them with a gun to shoot Jordic . However , during the attack , Mark bottles it and leaves Jordic beaten , but alive . Stuart disposes of the gun and tells Mark to inform the police that they and Jordic instigated the attack , in order to prevent Jordic from pressing charges against him . However , when they arrive at the police station , DI Dunne informs them that Jordic has in fact been murdered .
Cast
Martin Kemp — Mark Terry
Hugo Speer — DI Stuart Milburn
Claire Goose — Zara Terry
Elizabeth Berrington — Joanna Sims
Reece Dinsdale — DI Colin Dunne
Fraser James — DS Ray Chancer
Jamie Knox — Young Mark Terry
Perry Allen — Young Stuart Milburn
Lucinda Dryzek — Young Joanna Sims
John Arthur — Superintendent Seaborne
Wayne Michaels — Thomas Jordic
Michael N. Harbour — Paddy Bankhead
References
External links
2006 British television series debuts
2006 British television series endings
2000s British drama television series
ITV television dramas
British thriller television series
2000s British television miniseries
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows produced by Granada Television
English-language television shows
Television shows set in the United Kingdom
Films directed by David Drury
The 2022–23 UEFA Champions League is the 68th season of Europe 's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA , and the 31st season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs ' Cup to the UEFA Champions League .
The final will be played at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul , Turkey . The stadium was originally appointed to host the 2020 UEFA Champions League Final , but both this and the 2021 final , which had been subsequently re-allocated to the Atatürk , were moved due to the COVID-19 pandemic . The winner of the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League will automatically qualify for the 2023–24 UEFA Champions League group stage , and also earn the right to play against the winner of the 2022–23 UEFA Europa League in the 2023 UEFA Super Cup .
Real Madrid are the defending champions , having won a record-extending fourteenth title in the previous edition .
Association team allocation
A total of 78 teams from 53 of the 55 UEFA member associations participate in the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League ( the exceptions being Russia , who are banned from participating due to 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine , and Liechtenstein , which does not organise a domestic league ) . The association ranking based on the UEFA association coefficients is used to determine the number of participating teams for each association :
Associations 1–4 each have four teams qualify .
Associations 5–6 each have three teams qualify .
Associations 7–15 ( except Russia ) each have two teams qualify .
Associations 16–55 ( except Liechtenstein ) each have one team qualify .
The winners of the 2021–22 UEFA Champions League and 2021–22 UEFA Europa League are each given an additional entry if they do not qualify for the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League through their domestic league .
Association ranking
For the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League , the associations are allocated places according to their 2021 UEFA association coefficients , which takes into account their performance in European competitions from 2016–17 to 2020–21 .
Apart from the allocation based on the association coefficients , associations may have additional teams participating in the Champions League , as noted below :
– Additional berth for UEFA Europa League titleholders
Distribution
The following is the access list for this season .
Due to the suspension of Russia for the 2022–23 European season , and since the Champions League titleholders ( Real Madrid ) have qualified via their domestic league , the following changes to the access list have been made :
The champions of association 11 ( Scotland ) and 12 ( Ukraine ) enter the group stage instead of the play-off round ( Champions Path ) .
The champions of association 13 ( Turkey ) and 14 ( Denmark ) enter the play-off round instead of the third qualifying round ( Champions Path ) .
The champions of association 15 ( Cyprus ) and 16 ( Serbia ) enter the third qualifying round instead of the second qualifying round ( Champions Path ) .
The champions of associations 18 ( Croatia ) , 19 ( Switzerland ) , 20 ( Greece ) and 21 ( Israel ) enter the second qualifying round instead of the first qualifying round ( Champions Path ) .
The runners-up of associations 10 ( Austria ) and 11 ( Scotland ) enter the third qualifying round instead of the second qualifying round ( League Path ) .
Teams
The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round :
TH : Champions League titleholders
EL : Europa League titleholders
1st , 2nd , 3rd , 4th , etc . : League positions of the previous season
Abd- : League positions of abandoned season as determined by the national association ; all teams are subject to approval by UEFA
The second qualifying round , third qualifying round and play-off round are divided into Champions Path ( CH ) and League Path ( LP ) .
CC : 2022 UEFA club coefficients .
Notes
Schedule
The schedule of the competition is as follows . All matches are played on Tuesdays and Wednesdays apart from the preliminary round final and the final . Scheduled kick-off times starting from the play-off round are 18:45 and 21:00 CEST/CET .
As the 2022 FIFA World Cup takes place in Qatar between 20 November and 18 December 2022 , the group stage commenced in the first week of September 2022 and will conclude in the first week of November 2022 to make way for the World Cup .
The draws for the qualifying round started at 12:00 CEST/CET and were held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon , Switzerland . The group stage draw took place in Istanbul , Turkey .
Qualifying rounds
Preliminary round
First qualifying round
Second qualifying round
Third qualifying round
Play-off round
Group stage
The draw for the group stage was held on 25 August 2022 . The 32 teams were drawn into eight groups of four . For the draw , the teams were seeded into four pots , each of eight teams , based on the following principles :
Pot 1 contained the Champions League and Europa League titleholders , and the champions of the top six associations based on their 2021 UEFA country coefficients . Since the Champions League titleholders , Real Madrid , were also the champions of Association 2 ( Spain ) , the champions of Association 7 ( Netherlands ) , Ajax , were seeded into Pot 1 .
Pots 2 , 3 and 4 contained the remaining teams , seeded based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients ( CC ) .
Teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same group .
Eintracht Frankfurt made their debut appearance in the group stage ( and first appearance in the European Cup since their loss in the 1960 final ) after winning the 2021–22 UEFA Europa League and , as a result , this is the first time that five German clubs play in the group stage .
A total of 15 national associations are represented in the group stage . This season is the first since the 1995–96 season in which a Turkish side failed to qualify for the group stage . It is also the first time since the 2007–08 season that two Scottish sides qualified for the group stage .
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Statistics
Statistics exclude qualifying rounds and play-off round .
Tables updated as of 14 September 2022 .
Top goalscorers
Top assists
See also
2022–23 UEFA Europa League
2022–23 UEFA Europa Conference League
2023 UEFA Super Cup
2022–23 UEFA Women 's Champions League
2022–23 UEFA Youth League
References
External links
2022–23 UEFA Champions League
1
2022-23
Current association football seasons
Sports events affected by the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Autobahnkirche Siegerland or Autobahnkirche an der A 45 is an ecumenical Christian road church at the Bundesautobahn 45 near Wilnsdorf , North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany . Opened in 2013 , the building has received several architecture awards .
History
The church is one of several German road churches which was initiated by private patrons and was financed primarily by donations . The building was erected following a design by from Frankfurt which won a 2009 competition . It was inaugurated on 26 May 2013 and received several architecture awards .
The church is dedicated to quiet contemplation by Christians of all denominations and is always open . It is run by the Förderverein Autobahnkirche Siegerland association . The association organises a Wochenschluss-Andacht on Fridays and occasional cultural events with religious themes , such as sacred music .
Architecture
The exterior is based on simple geometric elements such as triangles , mostly in white . The silhouette alludes to the pictogram for the German road churches . It resembles a piece of folded paper , with an allusion to two towers . The entrance area features a typographic installation by Peter Zizka , quoting from Psalm 91:11 ( Er hat seinen Engeln befohlen dich zu behüten auf allen deinen Wegen - For they shall give their angels charge over thee , to keep thee in all thy ways ) .
The interior , dominated by wood , contrasts with the abstract exterior . An `` organic '' wooden structure is reminiscent of a tent . A wooden free-standing structure is focused on the altar , enhanced by indirect lighting .
Awards
The building was awarded several architecture prizes , including :
Iconic Awards 2013
2013
Award 2014
Publikumspreis A + Award : `` spektakulärstes religiöses Gebäude 2014 ''
References
External links
Autobahnkirche Siegerland ( in German ) architects schneider+schumacher
Road churches
Churches completed in 2013
Churches in North Rhine-Westphalia
Houlbrooke is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Theophilus Houlbrooke ( 1745–1824 ) , British minister remembered mainly as an amateur botanist
Ralph Houlbrooke , professor of early modern history at the University of Reading
`` Somebody to Love '' is the sixth episode of the second season of 30 Rock , and the twenty-seventh episode overall . It was written by Kay Cannon and the series ' creator , Tina Fey , and was directed by Beth McCarthy . The episode first aired on November 15 , 2007 on the NBC network in the United States . Guest stars in this episode include Fred Armisen , Kevin Brown , Grizz Chapman , Edie Falco , John Lutz , Maulik Pancholy , and Kristen Wiig .
The episode focuses on Jack Donaghy 's ( Alec Baldwin ) first meeting with Celeste `` C.C . '' Cunningham ( Edie Falco ) , ( played in a movie-of-the-week by Kristen Wiig ) ; Liz Lemon ( Tina Fey ) believes that their new neighbor , Raheem Haddad ( Fred Armisen ) , is a terrorist ; and Kenneth Parcell ( Jack McBrayer ) accidentally loses a pair of Jack 's trousers . Kristen Wiig makes an appearance in a movie-of-the-week as C.C . Cunningham .
Plot
At a party in honor of Robert Novak , which is being thrown by John McCain and Jack Bauer , Jack Donaghy meets C.C. , the Democratic member of congress for Vermont . After the party , Jack and C.C . go back to Jack 's apartment and have sex together . The following morning , Jack discovers that C.C . is suing the Sheinhardt Wig Company , the fictional subsidiary of General Electric ( GE ) and owner of NBC , the company that Jack works for . This is because the company is allegedly leaking Auburn Fantasy Dye Number 260 into the Chicktaugua River , causing the children of Chickataugua to turn orange . After discovering that Jack works for GE , C.C . leaves and goes to work at Bill Clinton 's office in Harlem . Jack and Tracy Jordan ( Tracy Morgan ) , follow them there and Jack and C.C . decide to carry on their relationship in secret .
Liz is worried when they smell maple syrup in their apartment and Jack tells them that it could be the chemical agent Northrax . They suspect that their new neighbour , Raheem ( Fred Armisen ) , is a terrorist because they have maps in their apartment and they have seen them and their brother , Hakeem ( Hamza Ahmed ) , on an agility course in the park . At Jack 's advice , Liz dobs them in to Homeland Security , but is shocked to discover that the pair are auditioning for The Amazing Race and , in fact , not terrorists .
After bringing Jack 's suit back from the dry cleaners , Kenneth discovers that they have lost the suit 's trousers . Frank Rossitano ( Judah Friedlander ) , James `` Toofer '' Spurlock ( Keith Powell ) and Josh Girard ( Lonny Ross ) pay them to complete various dares so that they can pay for a new pair of trousers , with the first one involving eating a two-year expired bottle of ketchup .
Production
Fred Armisen and Kristen Wiig , who play Raheem and Candace Van der Shark in the episode , have both appeared in the main cast of Saturday Night Live , < ref name= '' fredsnl '' > { { cite news |url=https : //www.huffingtonpost.com/2008/02/23/fauxbama-finally-fred-a_n_88146.html |title=Fauxbama , Finally ! Fred Armisen Is SNL '' 's New Barack Obama |access-date=July 20 , 2008 |last=Sklar |first=Rachel |date=February 23 , 2008 |work=The Huffington Post } } < /ref > a weekly sketch comedy series which airs on NBC in the United States . Tina Fey was the head writer on Saturday Night Live from 1999 until 2006 . Various other cast members of Saturday Night Live have appeared on 30 Rock , including Rachel Dratch , Will Forte , Jason Sudeikis , Molly Shannon and Chris Parnell . Tina Fey and Tracy Morgan have both been part of the main cast of Saturday Night Live. < ref name= '' tracy_snl '' > { { cite web |url=http : //uk.tv.ign.com/articles/736/736916p1.html |title=IGN Interview : 30 Rocks Tracy Morgan |access-date=July 20 , 2008 |last=Fickett |first=Travis |date=October 17 , 2006 |website=IGN |archive-date=July 20 , 2012 |archive-url=https : //archive.today/20120720170531/http : //uk.tv.ign.com/articles/736/736916p1.html |url-status=dead } } < /ref > Alec Baldwin has also hosted Saturday Night Live fifteen times , the highest number of episodes of any host of the series .
This episode was the second episode , after `` Greenzo '' , to air since the start of the 2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike , which began on November 5 , 2007 and ended on February 12 , 2008 , 100 days later . This episode was the first to contain reference to the strike . The reference occurs when C.C . is being interviewed on MSNBC and the news crawl below reads `` News crawl affected by writers strike . Using repeat text from previous season . '' This episode was filmed in early October , 2007 . This was the ninth episode written by Tina Fey and the second written by Kay Cannon . It was the third episode directed by Beth McCarthy .
Reception
`` Somebody to Love '' brought in an average of 6.4 million viewers . The episode also achieved a 3.2/8 in the key 18- to 49-year-old demographic , the highest result in that demographic since the episode `` SeinfeldVision '' aired on October 4 , 2007 . The 3.2 refers to 3.2 % of all 18- to 49-year-olds in the U.S. , and the 8 refers to 8 % of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast in the U.S .. 30 Rock ranked in first place in the male 18–34 demographic , for its 8:30 p.m9:00 pm timeslot .
Robert Canning of IGN thought that the episode `` was 30 Rocks best episode of the season [ so far ] , if not the best episode ever from this young series . '' Canning also said that `` this was just a fantastic , funny episode of 30 Rock . It was also an episode that once again proved the character of Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) , who was completely absent from this half-hour , simply is n't necessary when you 've got Tracy Jordan talking to a pigeon on a trash can . '' Canning rated this episode `` 9.5 out of 10 . '' Matt Webb Mitovich of TV Guide wrote that `` it 's not surprising that – in my opinion , at least – it fell juuuuuuust a bit short . It 's almost as if the funniest parts of the Edie Falco story were played by [ Kristen ] Wiig in the Lifetime movie . '' They thought that `` the 'Liz suspects the neighbor is a terrorist ' story played out rather well . '' Jeff Labrecque of Entertainment Weekly wrote that `` Overall , [ this was ] another splendid [ episode ] . My only beef was with the Verizon bit . 30 Rock '' normally does a splendid job of balancing the corporate elements of television , often utilizing it for comic fodder . But the winking cell phone banter lacked subtlety , and it seemed to me like the show was trying to have its cake and eat it , too . ''
Beth McCarthy , the director of this episode , was nominated for the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Comedy Series .
References
External links
30 Rock ( season 2 ) episodes
2007 American television episodes
Television episodes written by Tina Fey
Television shows directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1976 : .
A–M
N–Z
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1976 at HKcinemamagic.com
1976
Films
Hong Kong
Wang Yilin ( ; born September 1956 ) is a Chinese business and oil magnate who is the chairperson of the Board of China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) and the chairperson of the Board of PetroChina . China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ) is the world 's largest company by market value according to Financial Times Global 2016 , and the world 's third-largest company by revenue according to the 2016 Fortune Global 500 list .
Wang , as the country 's most influential business leader , has accompanied Chinese president Xi Jinping during many state visits , including to the UK , France , Kazakhstan , Russia , UAE etc .
In April 2011 , Wang assumed the role of Chairman of China National Offshore Oil Corporation .
In November 2012 , they were elected member of the 18th Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China .
Wang Yilin began to serve Chairman of CNPC in April 2015 , and they started to hold a concurrent post as Chairman of PetroChina in June 2015 . In July 2017 , Wang Yiling , the Chairman of CNPC , serves as the head of the Chinese National Delegation to the World Petroleum Congress in Istanbul .
On March 13 , Wang was elected co-chairperson of the Economic Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( PCC 2018 ) .
On June 8 , 2018 , Wang Yilin met in Beijing with Kazakh President Nazarbayev , who is paying a state visit in China . Also , Wang has held talks with Bozumbayev , Kazakhstan 's Minister of Energy , and Sauat Mynbayev , CEO of KazMunayGas ( KMG ) , respectively .
On June 9 , 2018 , Wang was awarded a medal of friendship by President Nazarbayev of Kazakistan . President Nazarbayev 's presidential decree , which was issued to address Wang Yilin 's national honor , pointed out that Wang Yilin has made great contributions to the development of their country 's social , economy , and cultural undertakings and the consolidation of friendship and cooperation among the people in Kazakhstan 's national and social activities .
From August 28 to 31 , 2018 , Wang held talks with the President of Sudan , the President of South Sudan , the President of Chad , and the President of Niger respectively during their state visits to China for the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation ( FOCAC 2018 ) .
References
1956 births
Living people
Engineers from Jiangsu
Chinese business executives
Businesspeople from Jiangsu
Politicians from Lianyungang
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Jiangsu
People 's Republic of China politicians from Jiangsu
The Morton Matthew McCarver House , also known as Locust Farm , was built in 1850 in Oregon City , Oregon for Morton M. McCarver . The house was prefabricated in Boston with Maine lumber and shipped to Oregon via Cape Horn . At the time of its erection in the 1850s it was therefore an unusually refined residence for frontier-era Oregon . The two-story wood-frame house was originally about deep . Subsequent additions have more than doubled its size .
McCarver arrived in Oregon in 1843 , but moved to California , profiting from the California gold rush . They returned to Oregon in 1850 on their packet Ocean Bird with the building materials . In 1859 McCarver moved to Portland , selling to the Warner family , who renamed the property `` Locust Farm '' and lived at the place until 1947 .
The McCarver House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on January 21 , 1974 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Clackamas County , Oregon
References
External links
Morton Matthew McCarver House at Oregon City website
National Register of Historic Places in Clackamas County , Oregon
Houses completed in 1850
Historic American Buildings Survey in Oregon
1850 establishments in Oregon Territory
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon
Buildings and structures in Oregon City , Oregon
Prefabricated houses
Houses in Clackamas County , Oregon
Nesel ( ) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 9 , in 4 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Shaneq ( , also Romanized as Shānaq and Shāneq ; also known as Shanegh and Shāniq ) is a village in Hastijan Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 91 , in 28 families .
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Ashleigh Gillon is an Australian journalist . Gillon currently works on Sky News Australia .
Career
Early in their career , Gillon worked at a radio station in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada before joining Sky News Australia in 2004 , serving as a producer . In 2011 , Gillon received the Wallace Brown Award , honouring young journalists in the Canberra Press Gallery , as well as an ASTRA Award for outstanding performance by a broadcast journalist .
Gillon was part of the Sky News Canberra bureau , including a stint as host of Lunchtime Agenda before moving to Perth to anchor rolling afternoon news . In 2014 , Gillon was on air as anchor during the Lindt cafe siege .
Following their relocation to Melbourne , Gillon became host of weekend program Weekend Live with Ashleigh Gillon .
In a 2016 interview , Gillon revealed a male then-Government minister would ask them and only them to apply their make-up every time they would do an interview with her , and only ended when their colleague David Speers stepped in .
Personal life
Gillon attended St Mary 's Anglican Girls ' School and obtained a Post-Graduate diploma in journalism from Curtin University , as well as a degree in marketing and media .
Gillon is married to equity fund director Aaron Hood and has one daughter named Phoebe Rose Hood , who was born in 2013 . Gillon was congratulated live on air by Barnaby Joyce during an interview , and after giving birth by then Prime Minister Julia Gillard . Joyce had also revealed on air their engagement to Hood two years prior .
References
Living people
Australian television journalists
Sky News Australia reporters and presenters
Year of birth missing ( living people )
People educated at St Mary 's Anglican Girls ' School
Jorge Stewart was an Argentine rugby union footballer , president of San Isidro Club . and vice president of the Argentine Rugby Union .
Career
Stewart was born in Buenos Aires around 1900 . In the 1920s , they began their career in the Club Atlético San Isidro . In 1935 was sanctioned together with other San Isidro players , by the executive committee of the CASI . That same year they participated in the founding of the SIC . Stewart was the captain of the team in 1936 .
On May 3 , 1936 , the San Isidro Club played its first match against Olivos Rugby Club , with a score 7–6 in favor of Olivos . They also played for the national team , their first test match was against South Africa , on July 16 , 1932 .
Jorge Stewart was president of the San Isidro Club , between April 26 , 1950 , and May 10 , 1954 .
Titles
C.A . San Isidro
Torneo de la URBA ( 5 ) : 1929 , 1930 , 1933 , 1934 , 1939
References
External links
www.rugbytime.com
Rugby union players from Buenos Aires
Argentine people of English descent
Argentine people of Scottish descent
Argentina international rugby union players
Argentine rugby union players
San Isidro Club rugby union players
Paroedura tanjaka is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae . It is endemic to Madagascar .
References
Paroedura
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2000
Warrior is the debut and only full-length album by American rock band Scandal ( billed on the album as `` Scandal featuring Patty Smyth '' ) . The album reached a high of # 17 on the U.S . Billboard Hot 200 album chart on the strength of the lead single `` The Warrior '' . In 2014 , an expanded and remastered edition was released , which included as bonus tracks the five songs from 1982 's Scandal ( EP ) .
Track listing
Charts
Personnel
Scandal
Patty Smyth - lead vocals
Zack Smith - guitar , background vocals
Ivan Elias - bass guitar
Keith Mack - guitar , background vocals
Thommy Price - drums , background vocals
Additional musicians
Peter Wood - synthesizer
Pat Mastelotto - drums ( `` Only the Young '' )
Andy Newmark - drums ( `` Less than Half '' ) +
Franke Previte - background vocals ( `` Hands Tied '' )
Norman Mershon - background vocals ( `` Hands Tied '' )
+ On the album , it states that Andy Newmark played drums on the song `` Hands Tied '' ; however , drum aficionados believe they actually play on the song after , `` Less Than Half '' instead , since the complicated rhythm pattern replicates a technique/style that they commonly use .
Production
Mike Chapman - producer
John Agnello , David Alhert , Carol Cafiero , John Davenport , Eddie Garcia , Dave Hernandez , Greg Mack , William Wittman , Gene Wooley - engineering
John Davenport , William Wittman , David Alhert , Gene Wooley - mixing
LP dead-wax reads `` A Disgusting Pile Of Guts '' on the A-side . The B-side reads `` I Like That About Myself ''
Chart performance
The album spent 41 weeks on the U.S . Billboard album charts and reached its peak position of # 17 in early October 1984 .
References
External links
Discogs.com - The Warrior entry
1984 debut albums
Scandal ( American band ) albums
Albums produced by Mike Chapman
Columbia Records albums
Jason Watkins ( born 28 October 1962 ) is an English stage , film and television actor . They played the lead role in the two-part drama The Lost Honour of Christopher Jefferies , for which they won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor . They have also played William Herrick in Being Human , Gavin Strong in Trollied , Simon Harwood in W1A , Gordon Shakespeare in the film series Nativity , British Prime Minister Harold Wilson in Season 3 of The Crown and Detective Sergeant Dodds in McDonald & Dodds .
Early life
Watkins was born in Windsor Road , Albrighton , Shropshire , where they lived until the age of seven , when their parents moved to Wolverhampton . Their father Alan was a metallurgist and their mother a teacher at Albrighton 's primary school . They credit their introduction to entertainment to taking lessons in clowning at Bridgnorth from mime artist Ben Benison , also a presenter on TV programme Vision On .
Career
Stage
Following their training at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art , Watkins established themselves as a stage actor . They are a member of the National Theatre company .
They were nominated for a Laurence Olivier Theatre Award in 2001 ( 2000 season ) for Best Supporting Actor for their performance in A Servant For Two Masters ( Young Vic , subsequently transferred to New Ambassadors Theatre ) . Their other theatre work includes Rafts and Dreams at the Royal Court Theatre , Philistines and Landscape with Weapon ( by Joe Penhall ) at the National Theatre , London ( 2007 ) and A Laughing Matter ( by April De Angelis ) at the Liverpool Playhouse in 2003 .
In 2018 , they played the predatory serial killer Ralph in a revival of Bryony Lavery 's play Frozen at the Theatre Royal Haymarket .
Television
Watkins 's more prominent television roles have included the vampire leader William Herrick in Being Human ; the crime suspect Jason Buliegh in Conviction ; Bradley Stainer in Funland ; and the dog-walking crime witness Francis Cross in Five Days . They also played Oswald Cooper in `` The Great and the Good '' , an episode of Lewis ; Plornish in the 2008 BBC production of Little Dorrit ; and Cabbage Patterson in the BBC adaptation of Lark Rise to Candleford . They had a cameo in episode seven of the second series of Life on Mars , as Gene Hunt 's dissolute lawyer Colin Merric .
In 2006 , they played the pioneering radiologist Ernest Wilson in a BBC pilot , Casualty 1906 . Also in 2006 they played the part of Sir Christopher Hatton in The Virgin Queen , a four-part BBC drama . They then featured in the second series of the BBC 's comedy Psychoville , as Peter Bishop , owner of Hoyti Toyti , an antique shop specialising in toys . Additionally they appeared as Doctor Roger Brierley in Victoria Wood 's television film Housewife , 49 .
Since 2011 , they have also appeared in the Sky1 sitcom Trollied as the store manager Gavin . In early 2012 they joined the cast of the BBC drama Prisoners ' Wives , appeared as Detective Gilks in Dirk Gently and portrayed a smooth Church of England PR man in Twenty Twelve .
On 11 May 2013 , they appeared in the Doctor Who is a story Nightmare in Silver , written by Neil Gaiman , featuring the Cybermen in their current design . Also in 2013 they played an anaesthetist in The Wrong Mans . In 2014 , they appeared as Simon Harwood in BBC comedy series W1A . A second series aired in 2015 and a third was broadcast in 2017 .
In 2014 , they played the leading role in a two-part ITV drama entitled The Lost Honour of Christopher Jefferies , about the innocent initial suspect in the 2010 murder of Joanna Yeates . They won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor for this role .
In 2016 , Watkins played the role of Pastor Hansford in the four-part ITV drama The Secret . Watkins appeared in two episodes of The Hollow Crown and played the role of Malcolm Turner in the BBC sitcom series Love , Nina . They narrated the Channel 4 documentary series The Job Interview , appeared as Tony Michaels in an episode of Friday Night Dinner and was cast as Mr Humphries in the BBC revival of Are You Being Served ? .
In 2017 , Watkins played Solomon Coop , private secretary to the Prince Regent ( later George IV ) , in the BBC One series Taboo . Also on BBC One , Watkins performed as Wilfred Lucas-Dockery , the governor of the prison in the third episode of the BBC 's adaptation of Evelyn Waugh 's novel Decline and Fall . They played Simon in the second series of ITV drama Safe House in 2017 . In 2018 they played Roger in the BBC sitcom Hold the Sunset and Emlyn Hooson in the Russell T Davies miniseries A Very English Scandal .
Watkins played Prime Minister Harold Wilson in the third series of Netflix drama The Crown and provided the voice of Captain Orchis in the BBC adaptation of Watership Down .
Since 2020 they have appeared in a leading role as DS Dodds in the series McDonald & Dodds .
Film
Watkins 's most prominent film role to date has been the vividly camp gay wedding planner Gregory Hough in the 2006 comedy Confetti . They have also played smaller roles in High Hopes , Bridget Jones : The Edge of Reason , Tomorrow Never Dies , The Golden Compass , Wild Child and Nativity ! and its follow-up Nativity 2 : Danger in the Manger . Their son , Freddie , played their pupil in Nativity ! .
Personal life
Watkins is married to jewellery and fashion designer Clara Francis . On New Year 's Day 2011 , their 2½-year-old daughter Maude died of sepsis . They dedicated their 2015 BAFTA award to them and campaigns for greater awareness of sepsis . They are a patron of Child Bereavement UK , a charity that supports children , young people and families when a child grieves or when a child dies . They and their wife have two other children , Bessie and Gilbert . They also have two sons , Freddie and Pip , from their first marriage to actor Caroline Harding . Watkins is able to walk 60 yards on their hands .
Awards
Filmography
Television
Film
References
External links
Jason Watkins at the National Theatre Company database
Jason Watkins at comedy.co.uk
1966 births
Living people
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
English male film actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
Actors from Shropshire
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Best Actor BAFTA Award ( television ) winners
The viceregal consort of Australia generally assists the governor-general in welcoming ambassadors and their spouses , and in performing their other official duties . The governor-general 's spouse traditionally participates in celebratory occasions , attends functions and , as a patron of various voluntary associations , works to promote the activities of those associations . None of the activities have any official status . The current spouse ( since 1 July 2019 ) is Linda Hurley , wife of David Hurley .
Both the governor-general and their spouse are entitled to the style `` His/Her Excellency '' during the governor-general 's term of office , but not thereafter . The governor-general is entitled to the style `` The Honourable '' for life ; this does not extend to the spouse .
Except for Dame Quentin Bryce , all Australian governors-general have been male , and all spouses but their husband Michael Bryce have been female .
No governor-general has been single throughout their term , but two spouses died during the governor-general 's term : Jacqueline Sidney , Viscountess De L'Isle , wife of William Sidney , 1st Viscount De L'Isle ( 1962 ) ; and Alison , Lady Kerr , wife of Sir John Kerr ( 1974 ) . Kerr remarried during their term ; De L'Isle remarried after their term had finished .
The longest-serving spouse has been Zara Hore-Ruthven , Countess of Gowrie , wife of the longest-serving governor-general , Alexander Hore-Ruthven , 1st Earl of Gowrie , who served nine years from 1936 to 1945 . The shortest-serving spouse was Alison Morrison , Viscountess Dunrossil , wife of William Morrison , 1st Viscount Dunrossil , who died in 1961 , one year and one day after taking up the office , being the only governor-general to die in office ; Viscountess Dunrossil died in 1983 .
Most of the spouses of governors-general have been content to be background figures providing the office-holder with support . Some have been all but unknown to the general Australian public . However , some have been notable in their own right , and details are shown in the following table .
List of viceregal consorts of Australia
See also
King consort
Queen consort
Spouse of the prime minister of Australia
References
Australia
CFCW ( 840 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Camrose , Alberta . Owned by Stingray Group , it broadcasts a traditional country format targeting Camrose , Central Alberta , and the Edmonton Metropolitan Region . The station shares studios with its local sister station CFCW-FM at 5708 48 Avenue in Camrose . The station also originates programming from Stingray 's Edmonton studio at West Edmonton Mall , alongside its metropolitan sister stations CIRK-FM and CKRA-FM .
CFCW is currently ranked # 7 and the 3rd most listened-to AM station in the market according to the Winter 2018/2019 Numeris data report . Most of the station 's listeners live in rural areas outside Edmonton .
History
CFCW started on November 2 , 1954 , on 1230 kHz , with 250 watts power .
In 1958 , the station increased transmitter power up to 1,000 watts .
In 1961 , the station changed frequencies to 790 kHz , with 10,000 watts power .
In 1976 , the station increased transmitter power again to 50,000 watts , serving the Edmonton area as well .
CFCW is notable for being the only station in Canada to air Rick Dees Weekly Top 40 in the 1980s .
In 2005 , CFCW-FM signed on .
On August 1 , 2015 , CFCW moved from 790 to 840 AM .
On July 28 , 2008 , Newcap applied to amend the license by changing its frequency to 840 kHz . The application was approved ; however , the move was essentially voided when the station then at 830 kHz in Wainwright was denied permission to move to FM . The Wainwright station ultimately re-applied for and got permission to move to FM ; as a result , in spring 2015 , CFCW began advertising a pending move to 840 . On August 1 , 2015 , CFCW officially moved from 790 to 840 with nighttime power reduced to 40,000 watts to protect the cross-continent clear-channel service of WHAS , in Louisville , Kentucky .
References
External links
840 CFCW
Fcw
Fcw
FCW
Camrose , Alberta
Radio stations established in 1954
1954 establishments in Alberta
Borthwick is a surname of Scottish origin . Notable people with the surname include :
Alastair Borthwick
Algernon Borthwick , 1st Baron Glenesk
Bill Borthwick - see William Borthwick below
David Borthwick , Australian public servant
Emily Borthwick ( born 1997 ) , British high jumper
Gabrielle Borthwick ( 1866–1952 ) , pioneering motorist and mechanic
Jack Borthwick ( Australian footballer ) ( 1884–1948 ) , Australian rules footballer
Jack Borthwick ( footballer , born 1886 ) ( 1886–1942 ) , Scottish football centre half
Jamie Borthwick ( born 1994 ) , English actor
John Borthwick ( disambiguation )
John Borthwick ( footballer ) ( born 1964 ) , English footballer
John Borthwick ( veterinary surgeon ) ( 1867–1936 ) , veterinary surgeon in the Cape Colony , South Africa
Sir John Thomas Borthwick , 3rd Baronet ( 1917–2002 ) of the Borthwick baronets
John Borthwick , 5th Lord Borthwick ( died 1566 )
John Borthwick , 8th Lord Borthwick ( died 1623 )
John Borthwick , 9th Lord Borthwick ( 1616–1675 ) ( dormant 1675 )
John David Borthwick
John David Borthwick ( 1824–1892 ) , Scottish journalist and author
John Henry Stuart Borthwick , 23rd Lord Borthwick ( 1905–1996 ) ( confirmed in title 1986 )
John Hugh Borthwick , 24th Lord Borthwick ( born 1940 )
Mamah Borthwick
Mark Borthwick
Peter Borthwick
Scott Borthwick
Stephen Borthwick ( Headmaster of Epsom College )
Steve Borthwick , English international rugby union player
Walter Borthwick ( 1948–2021 ) , Scottish football player and manager
William Borthwick
William Borthwick , 1st Lord Borthwick ( died 1458 ) , Scottish peer and ambassador
William Borthwick , 2nd Lord Borthwick ( died 1483 ) , Scottish ambassador to England
William Borthwick , 3rd Lord Borthwick ( died 1503 ) , Scottish nobleman and ambassador
William Borthwick , 4th Lord Borthwick ( died 1542 ) , Scottish nobleman
William Jason Maxwell Borthwick ( 1910–1998 ) , British Royal Navy officer
William Borthwick ( mayor ) ( 1848–1928 ) , mayor of Ottawa , 1895–1896
Bill Borthwick ( 1924–2001 ) , Australian politician
References
Scottish toponymic surnames
Surnames of Lowland Scottish origin
Gelatin Microparticles are polymer microparticles constructed of gelatin . Gelatin , a bipolymer , is produced through the hydrolysis of collagen . Gelatin , along with its more familiar uses , is widely used for the production of microparticles due to its efficiency in forming gels as well as its biodegradability as a particle . Gelatin can be manipulated to form a stable matrix for biologically reactive compounds , allowing for the incorporation and protection against enzymatic degradation . Gelatin Microparticles are versatile particles and are easily loadable for the use within drug systems and alongside growth factors post-synthesis . Gelatin microparticles also allow for the biochemically controlled release of drug particles , growth factors , and other biological molecules .
Production
There are multiple production protocols used to synthesize gelatin microparticles . These production protocols include spray drying , precipitation , solvent evaporation , and emulsification . Water in water ( w/w ) emulsification is the most popular method of production . W/w was developed in order to address the loss of parrtical-product bioactivity which is associated with chemically induced preparation .
Applications
Gelatin microparticles have an array of applications in research science due to their biocompatibility and controlled release systems . Both factors have attracted much interest and attention . Gelatin microparticles have been used to encapsulate growth factors , such as TGF-β1-3 , into delivery systems as well as served as microcarriers for chondrocyte expansion . Gelatin microparticles have also been incorporated to form 3D scaffolding systems through aggregation in vitro while also performing known use as a molecule delivery system . With the use of radioactively labeled growth factors , gelatin microparticles release kinetics can be altered , as was done through varied release groups of BMP-2 over four-week intervals . Gelatin microparticles also serve as enhancers of calcium deposition , which serves as an indicator of tissue regeneration .
See also
Hydrogels
Microparticles
Nanoparticles
References
Gelatin
Kids Pick the President is a series of specials produced by the Nickelodeon TV network , organized around a mock election to determine children 's choice for the
President of the United States . Since 1988 , Kids Pick the President has accurately predicted the winner of each election with the exceptions of the 2004 and 2016 presidential elections .
History
The specials began in 1988 as part of a yearly `` Kids Vote '' election-related coverage , in part as a way to encourage children in Nickelodeon 's audience to become engaged in the political process , and partly for comedic value .
The 1992 election was sponsored by Target Corporation , and promoted by newspaper advertisements . Children voted in-person at Target 's stores , which were used as polling stations .
In the 1996 election , conducted by televote , children picked Bill Clinton over Bob Dole and Ross Perot .
In the 2000 poll , 400,000 people participated via an 800 number . Both Al Gore and George W. Bush made campaign appearances at the Nickelodeon studios .
In 2004 , Nickelodeon promoted the event with interstitials throughout its regular programming , features in Nickelodeon Magazine , online activities , and a book . Both John Kerry and George W. Bush declined to appear , stating they were too busy . The results were announced by Linda Ellerbee on U-Pick Live . Kerry received 57 percent of the vote ; President Bush got 43 percent . This would be the first vote where its results went against those of the general election .
In 2008 , 2.2 million people participated in the event . Both major candidates participated , and filmed television commercials promoting the event . Participants were allowed to vote , without any voter eligibility or verification , on a non-partisan page of Nickelodeon 's website that outlined the candidates ' positions on various issues . Barack Obama received 51 percent ( 1,167,087 votes ) , and John McCain received 49 percent ( 1,129,945 votes ) . Linda Ellerbee announced the results live again in 2008 .
In 2012 Obama won with 65 % of the vote over Republican challenger Mitt Romney . Romney declined to participate , citing scheduling constraints ; instead , clips were shown from previous campaign events in which the participants ' questions were addressed . In contrast , Obama invited the participants to meet them in person at the White House to answer their questions . The decision by Romney to not participate was considered by Nick News host Linda Ellerbee to be an example of their lack of `` respect '' for youth ; the Obama campaign also responded by stating that children `` demand details '' , and wanted `` answers on why Romney could increase their class sizes , eliminate their teacher 's jobs , raise taxes on their families and slash funding for Big Bird . ''
In 2016 , Nickelodeon 's poll conducted 3 candidates : Republican Donald Trump , Democrat Hillary Clinton , and Libertarian Gary Johnson . Nickelodeon only offered information on the Democratic and Republican nominees . It was the first election since Ellerbee 's retirement , and this was reflected in coverage which was seen less on Nickelodeon than in the past , with the results offered in a short feature during a Saturday night 'theme night ' revolving around elections in episodes of the network 's sitcom block . Clinton was the winner , with 53 percent of the vote ; Trump received 36 percent while Johnson received 11 percent ; this would be the second time the kids vote would not match the winner of the general election .
In 2020 , Nickelodeon 's poll was conducted between Trump and their Democratic challenger , Joe Biden . The results of the poll was announced during a one-hour Nick News special titled Nick News : Kids Pick the President hosted by Keke Palmer and simulcast on Nickelodeon , Nicktoons , and TeenNick on October 27 . Libertarian candidate Jo Jorgensen voiced their disapproval with the children 's network for leaving them off the poll and stated they were `` complicit in indoctrinating our children that there are only 2 parties '' . On October 21 , the network detected cheating , when threads on online forums began discussing corrupting the Kids Pick the President site with fraudulent votes . Eventually , more than 130,000 bot-generated votes were detected and Nickelodeon utilized a voter certification tool to identify these counterfeit votes and to remove them , ensuring that only individually placed votes counted toward the total . Biden won the poll with 53 % of the vote , followed by Trump with 47 % .
Table of elections
Other children 's elections
The `` Scholastic Election '' has been conducted by Scholastic Corporation Scholastic News every election year since 1940 . It claims to have predicted the final election results correctly with three exceptions : Harry S. Truman 's win over Thomas E. Dewey in the 1948 United States presidential election , John F. Kennedy 's win over Richard Nixon in the 1960 United States presidential election , and Donald Trump 's win over Hillary Clinton in the 2016 United States presidential election .
Mock elections also take place in school classrooms , as part of a curriculum exercise in the American democratic process , with different programs designed for kindergarten through high school students . Such examples include the 2020 statewide mock election in Tennessee with results announced by the Tennessee Secretary of State . In the vote , Trump defeated Joe Biden with 52 % of the vote , with third-party candidate Kanye West earning 10 % .
References
External links
Official Site
1980s Nickelodeon original programming
1990s Nickelodeon original programming
2000s Nickelodeon original programming
2010s Nickelodeon original programming
2020s Nickelodeon original programming
1980s American children 's television series
1990s American children 's television series
2000s American children 's television series
2010s American children 's television series
2020s American children 's television series
American children 's education television series
Samuel Nott ( 11 September 1788 – 1 June 1869 ) was one of the pioneers of American foreign missions . They were one of the first five foreign missionaries under American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions to India , and established Bombay Mission station , the first Americans overseas mission station at Bombay , then-headquarters of the Bombay Presidency .
They published several sermons and books , notably Sixteen Years ' Preaching and Procedure at Wareham , Slavery and the Remedy , and many more .
Biography
Nott was born on September 11 , 1788 , in Franklin , Connecticut . Their father Samuel Nott Sr. ( 1754–1852 ) was the pastor of the Congregational church in Franklin and patriarch of the New England clergy . Nott Jr. was admitted to their father 's church in 1805 . Under the guidance of their father , their education commenced in their early childhood .
They graduated from Union College in July 1808 , and from Andover Theological Seminary in 1808 . While studying at Andover , a group of like-minded Christians , namely Adoniram Judson , Samuel Newell , Luther Rice , Gordon Hall , and Samuel John Mills , presented their enthusiasm for overseas missionary service to the General Association of Congregational Churches , Bradford , Massachusetts ; later , in 1812 Mills led the establishment of the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions ( ABCFM ) , the first foreign mission agency in North America . He , including Newell , Judson , Hall , Rice , and Mills , were ordained by the ABCFM on February 6 , 1812 ; accordingly , Judson , Newell , Nott and their wives , Hall , and Rice were sent as the first five American missionaries to India in 1812 . However , Mills stayed back in the United States to oversee their cause .
In 1812 , upon reaching Calcutta , they were denied residence and were ordered to be deported by the colonial British East India Company ; hence , the group went to neighbouring lands . Samuel Newell and Harriet Newell tried to start a mission station outside of the British territory on the Isle of France ( present-day Mauritius ) and finally started a mission in Ceylon . Adoniram Judson and Luther Rice became Baptists during their voyage to the East and resigned from the ABCFM . The Judsons later made their way to Serampore to work with the Baptist mission operating there . Luther Rice returned to the United States to solicit funds for the establishment and maintenance of the Baptist Mission in India . Unlike their fellow missionaries , Samuel Nott and Gordon Hall left Calcutta and found refuge in Bombay , where they started a covert mission work . The mission station was later to be called `` Bombay Mission '' , the first mission station by Americans overseas .
Over the period , Hall and Nott established mission stations at Thane and Mahim . Their missionary activities included preaching the gospel , translating the scriptures into local languages , publishing evangelical Christian literature , and operating schools ; one school operated by them instructed Jewish children in the Hebrew and Marathi languages .
With broken health , Nott returned to the United States in 1816 , and worked as a schoolteacher in New York City till 1823 . Between 1823 and 1829 , they served as a pastor in Galway , New York , and in Wareham , Massachusetts , from 1829 to 1849 . Later , they founded a private Academy at Wareham , where they served between 1849 and 1866 . After they retired from active labours , they resided at Wareham and Hartford , Connecticut , and died in Hartford on June 1 , 1869 .
See also
Notable alumni of Andover Theological Seminary
References
External links
Samuel Nott , Jr. ( 1787-1869 ) , of the first company of missionaries
1788 births
1869 deaths
Congregationalist missionaries in India
American Congregationalist missionaries
American Congregationalist ministers
People from Franklin , Connecticut
Union College ( New York ) alumni
Andover Newton Theological School alumni
American expatriates in India
Julio Eduardo Angulo Medina ( born May 28 , 1990 ) is an Ecuadorian footballer . They currently play as a forward for C.D . Olmedo .
Club career
Angulo began their career as a professional footballer at Barcelona SC . The club 's new head coach Benito Floro requested their presence for the motivated project called La Renovacion .
Honours
Independiente del Valle
Copa Libertadores Runner-Up ( 1 ) : 2016
LDU Quito
Ecuadorian Serie A : 2018
References
External links
Ecuafutbol profile
Club profile
BDFA profile
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Guayaquil
Ecuadorian footballers
Ecuadorian Serie A players
Argentine Primera División players
Liga MX players
Barcelona S.C. footballers
C.D . Cuenca footballers
C.S.D . Independiente del Valle footballers
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Club Tijuana footballers
L.D.U . Quito footballers
Mushuc Runa S.C. footballers
Association football forwards
Ecuadorian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Ecuadorian expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Ecuadorian expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Mount Breakenridge , , is a mountain in the Lillooet Ranges of southwestern British Columbia , Canada , located on the east side of upper Harrison Lake in the angle of mountains formed by that lake and the Big Silver River .
Name
The name was conferred by Lieutenant Palmer RE for Archibald T. Breakenridge RE , a member of their party , during a reconnaissance survey by the Royal Engineers from the north end of Harrison Lake to Four Mile House in the Douglas Road along the Lillooet River in 1859 .
In Ucwalmícwts , the language of the Lower Lillooet people , the mountain 's name is mólkwcen ( no translation given ) , which is also the name of a fishing camp located near the mouth of Stokke Creek , a creek feeding Harrison Lake from its origins on the flank of Breakenridge .
Potential landslide and tsunami hazard
Mount Breakenridge is the subject of intensive study by government geologists due to the location of a fracture or shear zone on the mountainside above Harrison Lake . Researchers have identified the shear zone as a major risk for collapse into Harrison Lake , one of British Columbia 's largest and deepest lakes , causing a large megatsunami . The fracture is a group of cracks caused by tension from a large and unstable piece of rock , and was most likely made more unstable by the abundant rain and seismic activity of the area . Supermarine landslides , which is what is feared in the case of Mount Breakenridge , disrupt the body of water from above when debris falls in , and then the energy from the debris travels into the water . If the unstable piece of rock fell , it would very quickly move and displace extremely large amounts of water . When a landslide generates a tsunami , it can produce waves that cause very severe damage , especially when the energy of the waves is amplified by being trapped in an inlet of the coast .
Potential destruction and the areas and industries at risk
The potential destruction that could be seen in the event of a landslide and accompanying tsunami would be devastating . These types of tsunamis have enough strength to cause a serious threat for any village nearby and have even been known to remove all the sand off a beach after moving through the area . Most at risk is the resort village of Harrison Hot Springs , which is located at the south end of the lake . Other towns that would be reached by the water are Port Douglas , which is at the head of the lake , Fraser Valley , and even Whatcom County , Washington . Any town along the Harrison River is potentially at risk . There are many industries that would take a serious hit if a tsunami were to come through the area . The roads would be destroyed or blocked , inhibiting transportation for the logging trucks , and fisheries would be destroyed or unable to function due to the disturbed lake . The aspects of the area that draw in tourists to the resort town , such as skiing and camping , would also be negatively affected .
Preparations in place
The areas that would potentially be affected do have some precautionary measures in place . There are defensive structures in place to help stop flowing debris that were constructed to protect the transportation routes . There is also a tsunami warning and alerting plan in place that notifies citizens of impending danger via sirens , phone calls , and door to door messages . There are also online precautionary and educational resources available such as suggested safety plans ( most of which rely on getting to higher ground before the waves arrive ) although in the event of the tsunami occurring , there would likely not be much warning time .
Resilience of the area
The expansion of development in the region is making the community more vulnerable to disaster . The area is a naturally forested landscape , and the intact forests may reduce the force of an incoming tsunami , lessening the damage and loss to life , although the exact level of destruction and disturbance regime is still dependent on local factors such as the shape or features of the coastline . After a destructive event such as the feared tsunami , there would most likely be secondary succession , which is a type of ecological recovery where the area is not totally destroyed and the species that once lived there can eventually return . However , this depends on how the community reacts to help the area recover , such as clearing trash and debris from the tsunami out of the landscape , etc . Depending on the level of destruction ( and the level would be high in the expected scenario ) the infrastructure , industrial facilities , and residential parts of the community would have to be rebuilt , either partially or completely .
Social , environmental , ecological , and economic significance
It is important that citizens of the area and also the rest of the world know about the danger that is possible due to the instability of the mountainside and the potential for a resulting megatsunami . Tsunamis are an unstoppable force but people need to be proactive , educated , and prepared to try to lessen the damage and loss through evacuation planning and be ready to assist in recovery after the fact . People 's lives , property , homeland , and financial livelihoods are at risk , as well as the species of the surrounding ecosystem and the landscape itself being in the path of danger . Depending on how common these species are and what roles they play in the ecosystem , their extinction caused by such a disaster would have a large impact on the way the area 's systems functioned . If nothing else , the economic hit that the tsunami would produce would be devastating due to the effects it could have on the logging , fishing , and tourism industries .
Area of Scientific Interest
Geoscientists of BC have a keen interest in this area and continue to study it with interest . More information can be found online , including geotechnical reports and studies .
https : //www.sfu.ca/cnhr/news_events/newsletter/RiskyGround_News_2020-09-21_mobile.pdf
https : //www.researchgate.net/publication/343725592_Previously_undiscovered_landslide_deposits_in_Harrison_Lake_British_Columbia_Canada
Related historical events
In the past , there have been several tsunamis in the British Columbia area . Two , occurring in 1700 and 1946 , were caused by earthquakes and never hit the shore . Three tsunamis did make landfall . One struck in 1960 , and was caused by a magnitude 9.5 quake . It affected the town of Tofino by damaging the local log booms . The next , in 1964 , was caused by a magnitude 9.2 earthquake and produced a 4,2 meter ( 14-foot ) wave that completely flooded parts of the towns Hot Springs Cove , Bamfield , and Port Alberni . The wave was traveling over 715 km/hr ( 435 mph ) and caused about 8 million dollars in damage . The last tsunami , in 1975 , was caused by an undersea landslide and occurred in the Kitimat Inlet of the Douglas Channel .
References
External links
Lillooet Country
Natural hazards in British Columbia
Breakenridge
Breakenridge
Landslides in Canada
Yale Division Yale Land District
Tolkien Peak is a mountain summit located in the Cadwallader Range in southwestern British Columbia , Canada . It is situated in Birkenhead Lake Provincial Park , north of Pemberton , and south of Mount Gandalf , which is its nearest higher peak . The peak is named for J. R. R. Tolkien ( 1892–1973 ) , author of the novels The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings . The names for nearby Mount Aragorn , Mount Gandalf , and Mount Shadowfax were taken from fictional characters in their books , which were read while waiting out stormy weather during the 1972 first ascents of those mountains . Precipitation runoff from the peak drains into tributaries of the Fraser River .
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification , Tolkien Peak is located in a subarctic climate zone of western North America . Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean , and travel east toward the Coast Mountains where they are forced upward by the range ( Orographic lift ) , causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall . As a result , the Coast Mountains experience high precipitation , especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall . Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C . The months July through September offer the most favorable weather for climbing Tolkien Peak .
See also
Geography of British Columbia
Geology of British Columbia
References
External links
Weather : Mountain Forecast
Two-thousanders of British Columbia
Pacific Ranges
Things named after Tolkien works
Perry Edward Smith ( October 27 , 1928 – April 14 , 1965 ) was one of two career criminals convicted of murdering the four members of the Clutter family in Holcomb , Kansas , United States , on November 15 , 1959 , a crime that was made famous by Truman Capote in their 1966 non-fiction novel In Cold Blood . Along with Richard Hickock , Smith took part in the burglary and multiple murder at the Clutter family farmhouse .
Early life and family
Perry Edward Smith was born in Huntington , Nevada , a now-abandoned community in Elko County . Their parents , Florence Julia `` Flo '' Buckskin and John `` Tex '' Smith , were rodeo performers . Sources conflict on whether Smith was of mixed Dutch and Shoshone ancestry ( from their father 's and mother 's side , respectively ) or IrishCherokee . The family moved to Juneau , Alaska in 1929 , where the elder Smith distilled bootleg whisky for a living . Smith 's father abused their wife and four children , and in 1935 their wife left him , taking the children with them to San Francisco , California .
Smith and their siblings were raised initially with their alcoholic mother , Flo . After Flo died from choking on their own vomit when they were 13 , they and their siblings were placed in a Catholic orphanage , where nuns allegedly abused them physically and emotionally for their lifelong problem of chronic bed wetting , a result of malnutrition . They were also placed in a Salvation Army orphanage , where one of the caretakers allegedly tried to drown him . In their adolescence , Smith reunited with their father , Tex , and together they lived an itinerant existence across much of the western United States . Smith also spent time in different juvenile detention homes after joining a street gang and becoming involved in petty crime . In the mid-1960s , Tex moved to Cold Springs , Nevada , where they lived to the age of 92 before committing suicide , distraught over poor health .
Two of Smith 's siblings committed suicide as young adults , and the remaining sister eliminated any contact with him .
Military service and life in Washington
At age 16 , Smith joined the United States Merchant Marine . They joined the United States Army in 1948 , where they served in the Korean War . During their stint in the Army , Smith spent weeks at a time in the stockade for public carousing and fighting with Korean civilians and other soldiers . In spite of their record , Smith received an honorable discharge in 1952 and was last stationed at Fort Lewis , Washington .
Smith stayed with an Army friend for a time in the Tacoma area , where they were employed as a car painter . With one of their first paychecks , Smith bought a motorcycle . While riding , they lost control of the bike due to adverse weather conditions . Smith nearly died in the accident and spent six months in a Bellingham hospital . Because of the severe injuries , their legs were permanently disabled and they suffered chronic leg pains for the rest of their life . To help control the pain , Smith consumed an excessive amount of aspirin .
The murders and life on death row
Perry Smith and Richard Hickock first met in the Kansas State Penitentiary in Lansing , Kansas . Smith was eventually paroled , and the pair later resumed their acquaintance upon Hickock 's release in November 1959 . Hickock allegedly wrote to Smith , imploring them to violate their parole by returning to Kansas to assist Hickock with a robbery they had been planning . Smith claimed that their return was initially motivated not by meeting with Hickock , but by the chance to reunite with another former inmate , Willie-Jay , with whom they had developed an especially close bond while in prison ; Smith soon discovered , however , that they had arrived in the Kansas City area just a few hours after Willie-Jay had left for the east coast .
Smith met with Hickock , and almost immediately the two set to work carrying out Hickock 's plan . Driving west to Holcomb , they entered the Clutter home through an unlocked door late in the evening of November 14 , 1959 , whereupon they bound , gagged , and then murdered the four family members present : Herbert Clutter and their wife Bonnie , and their children , Nancy , 16 , and Kenyon , 15 . Hickock later testified that they had gotten the idea to rob the Clutters after being told by former cellmate Floyd Wells , who had worked as a farmhand for the Clutters , that there was a safe in the family 's house containing $ 10,000 . When they invaded the house , however , they discovered that there was no such safe . After six weeks at large , mostly spent idly roaming the country , Smith and Hickock were captured in Las Vegas , Nevada , on December 30 , 1959 , following an extensive manhunt which extended into Mexico .
Smith admitted to cutting the throat of the father , Herbert Clutter , as well as shooting both Herbert and Kenyon Clutter in the head with a shotgun at close range . Records show a dispute as to which of the two shot the women , Bonnie and Nancy Clutter . Alvin Dewey , chief investigator of the Clutter family murders , testified at the trial that Hickock insisted in their confession that Smith performed all four killings ; Smith , however , first confessed that Hickock killed the women , but refused to sign their confession , and later claimed to have shot them himself . Although Smith 's revised confession coincided with Hickock 's initial statement , both Smith and Hickock refused to testify in court , leading to a lack of an official record detailing who killed the women .
While Smith had only a grade-school education , they maintained a strong interest in art , literature and music . Their rough past regarding their family and abusive childhood led them to be somewhat distant from people . They read extensively , and during their time on death row , wrote poems and painted pictures for other inmates from photos of their family members .
Relationship with Truman Capote
During research for their novel In Cold Blood , Truman Capote extensively interviewed Smith and eventually befriended him .
Execution
Smith and Hickock were executed by hanging on April 14 , 1965 . Smith was hanged second , dying at 1:19 a.m .
Exhumation
Nearly 50 years after the executions , the bodies of the killers were exhumed from Mount Muncie Cemetery in Lansing , as authorities hoped to solve a 53-year-old cold case using DNA . Smith and Hickock had originally been questioned about the December 19 , 1959 , shooting murder in Osprey , Florida of Cliff and Christine Walker and their two young children . Evidence indicated they had spent time just a few miles from the Walker crime scene after the Clutter murders . A polygraph administered at the time of their arrest cleared them of the murders , but by modern polygraph standards , their test results are no longer considered valid . On December 19 , 2012 , officials in Kansas exhumed the bodies of Smith and Hickock and retrieved bone fragments to compare their DNA to semen found in the pants of Christine Walker .
In August 2013 , the Sarasota County Sheriff 's office announced they were unable to find a match between the DNA of Smith or Hickock and the samples in the Walker family murder . Only partial DNA could be retrieved , possibly due to degradation of the DNA samples over the decades or contamination in storage , making the outcome one of uncertainty ( neither proving nor disproving the involvement of Smith and Hickock ) . Investigators have stated that Smith and Hickock still remain the most viable suspects .
Film portrayals
Smith was portrayed in the 1967 film version of In Cold Blood by Robert Blake , by Eric Roberts in the 1996 TV miniseries adaptation ; by Clifton Collins Jr. in 2005 's Capote ; and by Daniel Craig in 2006 's Infamous .
Song
Bastille 's 2016 album Wild World includes a song entitled `` Four Walls ( The Ballad of Perry Smith ) '' . The lyrics describe the imprisonment and execution of Smith . `` These four walls in Holcomb '' tells of how Smith has `` only these four walls before they , in cold blood , hang you up '' .
Orville Peck 's 2019 album Pony includes the song `` Kansas ( Remembers me Now ) '' , written from the point of view of Perry Smith being questioned after the Clutter murders .
See also
George York and James Latham
Capital punishment in Kansas
List of people executed in Kansas
References
Books
External links
1928 births
1965 deaths
20th-century executions by Kansas
20th-century executions of American people
American mass murderers
American military personnel of the Korean War
American military personnel of World War II
American murderers of children
American people of Cherokee descent
American people of Irish descent
American people convicted of murder
American sailors
Executed mass murderers
Executed people from Kansas
Executed people from Nevada
Military personnel from Nevada
People convicted of murder by Kansas
People executed by Kansas by hanging
People executed for murder
People from Elko County , Nevada
United States Army personnel of the Korean War
United States Merchant Mariners
United States Merchant Mariners of World War II
Washington County ( standard abbreviation : WS ) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas . As of the 2020 census , the county population was 5,530 . Its county seat and largest city is Washington .
History
Early history
For millennia , the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans . Numerous tribes lived on the Great Plains including the : Arapaho , Cheyenne , Comanche , Sioux , Ute , Otoe , Kansa , Kiowa , Osage , Omaha , Ponca , Pawnee , and Wichita . These tribes were sustained by a seemingly inexhaustible supply of buffalo that then numbered in the tens of millions .
From the 16th century to 18th century , the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America . In 1762 , after the French and Indian War , France secretly ceded New France to Spain , per the Treaty of Fontainebleau .
19th century
In 1802 , Spain returned most of the land to France , but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles . In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre .
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state . In 1857 , Washington County was established . The Oregon-California Trail , the Overland Stage Line , and the Pony Express all ran through Washington County . The Hollenberg Way Station opened in 1857 and operated until 1872 in the northeast corner of the county .
21st century
In 2010 , the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline ( Phase II ) was constructed north to south through Washington County , with much controversy over tax exemption and environmental concerns ( if a leak ever does occur ) .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.4 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Jefferson County , Nebraska ( north )
Gage County , Nebraska ( northeast )
Marshall County ( east )
Riley County ( southeast )
Clay County ( south )
Cloud County ( southwest )
Republic County ( west )
Thayer County , Nebraska ( northwest )
Demographics
As of the census of 2000 , there were 6,483 people , 2,673 households , and 1,780 families residing in the county . The population density was 7 people per square mile ( 3/km2 ) . There were 3,142 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile ( 1/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 98.90 % White , 0.11 % Black or African American , 0.34 % Native American , 0.05 % Asian , 0.09 % from other races , and 0.51 % from two or more races . 0.65 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
There were 2,673 households , out of which 26.60 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 59.40 % were married couples living together , 4.20 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 33.40 % were non-families . 31.20 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 17.80 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.96 .
In the county , the population was spread out , with 23.70 % under the age of 18 , 5.40 % from 18 to 24 , 22.90 % from 25 to 44 , 23.00 % from 45 to 64 , and 25.10 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 44 years . For every 100 females there were 100.80 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 97.80 males .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 29,363 , and the median income for a family was $ 37,260 . Males had a median income of $ 25,074 versus $ 18,000 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 15,515 . About 7.30 % of families and 10.10 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 12.20 % of those under age 18 and 12.40 % of those age 65 or over .
Government
Presidential elections
Washington County is overwhelmingly Republican . No Democratic presidential candidate has won Washington County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 , and Roosevelt remains the solitary Democrat to ever win a majority in the county . Since 1940 only Lyndon Johnson in 1964 has reached forty percent of Washington County 's vote for the Democratic Party .
Laws
Washington County was a prohibition , or `` dry '' , county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement .
Education
The county is served by :
Washington County USD 108
Barnes-Hanover-Linn USD 223
School district office in neighboring county
Clifton-Clyde USD 224
Communities
Cities
Barnes
Clifton ( partly in Clay County )
Greenleaf
Haddam
Hanover
Hollenberg
Linn
Mahaska
Morrowville
Palmer
Vining ( partly in Clay County )
Washington
Unincorporated community
Lanham ( partly in Gage County , Nebraska )
Ghost towns
Hopewell
Townships
Washington County is divided into twenty-five townships . The city of Washington is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships . In the following table , the population center is the largest city ( or cities ) included in that township 's population total , if it is of a significant size .
See also
References
Further reading
70th Anniversary Edition Supplement ; Washington County Register ; 88 pages ; September 16 , 1938 .
Plat Book of Washington County , Kansas ; Brown-Scoville Publishing Co ; 81 pages ; 1906 .
Historical Plat Book of Washington County , Kansas ; J.S . Bird ; 90 pages ; 1882 .
External links
County
Washington County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Washington County Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps : Current , Historic , KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps : Current , 1996 , 1915 , KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1857 establishments in Kansas Territory
Populated places established in 1857
Tiran ( , also Romanized as Tīrān ) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 36 , in 10 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Lindup is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
David Lindup ( 1928–1992 ) , English composer , arranger and orchestrator
Ernest Lindup , South African World War I flying ace
Janet Lindup , South African ballet dancer
Mike Lindup ( born 1959 ) , British musician
See also
Lindup , British Columbia , Canada , a ghost town
Kwilu District ( , ) was a district of the Belgian Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo . It roughly corresponded to the present province of Kwilu .
Location
The Free State was annexed by Belgium in 1908 as the Belgian Congo .
In 1933 the original four provinces were reorganized into six provinces , named after their capitals , and the central government assumed more control .
The Congo-Kasaï province was split into Léopoldville and Lusambo ( Kasai ) .
The number of districts was reduced to 15 .
A map of the districts in 1933 shows Kwango District in Léopoldville Province .
It is bordered by Portuguese possessions to the south , Bas-Congo District to the west , Lac Léopold II District to the north and Kasai District to the east .
By 1954 Kwango District had been split into a smaller Kwango District in the south and Kwilu District in the north .
Kwilu was bordered by Lac Leopold II District to the north , Kasai District to the east and Kwango District to the south and west .
It covered essentially the same territory as the present Kwilu Province .
The area was out of a total of for Leopoldville province as a whole .
Post-independence
Léopoldville Province was divided in 1963–1966 into the provinces of Congo Central , Kwilu , Kwango , and Mai-Ndombe .
Bandundu Province was formed in 1966 by merging Kwilu , Kwango and Mai-Ndombe .
As of 2008 Kwilu District contained the territories of Bagata , Bulungu , Masi-Manimba , Gungu and Idiofa .
Bandundu Province was broken up into provinces formed from its districts in 2015 .
Kwilu Province was formed from the Kwilu district and the independently administered cities of Bandundu and Kikwit .
Bandundu retained its status as a provincial capital .
Maps
See also
Districts of the Belgian Congo
Districts of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
Sources
Districts of the Belgian Congo
Districts of Bandundu Province
The Oakville Waterfront Festival was an annual festival in Oakville , Ontario from 1992 to 2009 , which was revived for one time in 2013 .
During its run , Oakville Waterfront Festival attracted a diverse audience of as many as 50,000 annually .
The festival featured concerts , a community stage , craft show , children 's village , theme park , interactive games and more . Over the years , headliners at the concerts have included Hedley , Jann Arden , Tom Cochrane , Jesse Cook , Finger Eleven , Great Big Sea , Alannah Miles , Jully Black , Blue Rodeo , Colin James , Susan Aglukark , Michelle Wright , Jacksoul , Justin Hines , Bedouin Soundclash , The Philosopher Kings , The Johnstones No Warning and Ill Scarlett .
2010 Cancellation
On December 3 , 2009 , the Oakville Beaver released an article interviewing Kirk Sloane , board chair of the waterfront festival , where they stated that the 2010 Waterfront Festival would be canceled due to the $ 30,000 deficit after 2009 's festival .
2013 Return
It was announced March 5 , 2013 , that the Waterfront Festival would return in the summer , from August 2 to 4 2013 . Musical acts for 2013 included Kathleen Edwards , 54-40 , Corb Lund , Lindi Ortega , Hannah Georgas , Elliott Brood and more .
References
External links
http : //www.oakvillewaterfrontfestival.ca/line-up
2010 cancellation
http : //www.insidehalton.com/what 's % 20on/article/1589288 -- waterfront-festival-returns
Oakville , Ontario
Music festivals in Ontario
Percnostola is a genus of insectivorous passerine birds in the family Thamnophilidae .
The genus was erected by the German ornithologists Jean Cabanis and Ferdinand Heine in 1860 . The type species is the black-headed antbird . The name of the genus comes from the Ancient Greek words perknos meaning `` dark '' or `` dusky '' and stolē meaning `` dress '' or `` clothing '' .
The genus contains two species :
Black-headed antbird ( Percnostola rufifrons )
Allpahuayo antbird ( Percnostola arenarum )
The genus previously included the white-lined antbird but a genetic study published in 2013 found that it is embedded within Myrmoborus .
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
All the Cats Join In is a song written by Ray Gilbert , Eddie Sauter and Alec Wilder , and first recorded by Benny Goodman . It later was a track on an LP with the same title by trumpeter Buck Clayton .
Benny Goodman
Curiously , Goodman recorded this song three times . The first-released version , released after the ASCAP boycott of 1944-1948 , followed a version which was only put out later .
The third recording was for a segment of the 1946 Walt Disney film Make Mine Music .
Clayton record
The record album was subtitled 25-Star Jazzmen in a Buck Clayton Jam Session . It was recorded between 1953 and 1956 and released by Columbia .
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated `` Everyone plays at least up to their usual high level and the riffing behind some of the solos really generates a lot of excitement '' .
Track listing
`` All The Cats Join In '' ( Alec Wilder , Eddie Sauter , Ray Gilbert ) – 7:14
`` Out of Nowhere '' ( Johnny Green , Edward Heyman ) – 7:03
`` Do n't You Miss Your Baby '' ( Count Basie , Eddie Durham , Jimmy Rushing ) – 6:30
`` Lean Baby '' ( Billy May , Roy Alfred ) – 8:20
`` Blue Lou '' ( Edgar Sampson , Irving Mills ) – 10:04
Recorded in NYC on December 16 , 1953 ( track 4 ) , March 15 , 1955 ( tracks 2 & 5 ) and March 5 , 1956 ( tracks 1 & 3 )
Personnel
Buck Clayton – trumpet
Billy Butterfield ( tracks 1 & 3 ) , Joe Newman ( track 4 ) – trumpet
Ruby Braff – cornet ( tracks 1 & 3 )
Henderson Chambers ( track 4 ) , Bennie Green ( tracks 2 & 5 ) , Urbie Green ( track 4 ) , Dicky Harris ( tracks 2 & 5 ) , J. C. Higginbotham ( tracks 1 & 3 ) – trombone
Tyree Glenn – trombone , vibraphone ( track 1 )
Lem Davis – alto saxophone ( track 4 )
Julian Dash ( tracks 1 , 3 & 4 ) , Coleman Hawkins ( tracks 1-3 & 5 ) , Buddy Tate ( tracks 2 & 5 ) – tenor saxophone
Charles Fowlkes – baritone saxophone ( track 4 )
Sir Charles Thompson – piano , celeste ( track 4 )
Ken Kersey ( tracks 1 & 3 ) , Al Waslohn ( tracks 2 & 5 ) – piano
Steve Jordan ( tracks 1-3 & 5 ) , Freddie Green ( track 4 ) – guitar
Milt Hinton ( tracks 2 & 5 ) , Walter Page ( tracks 1 , 3 & 4 ) – bass
Bobby Donaldson ( tracks 1 & 3 ) , Jo Jones ( tracks 2 , 4 & 5 ) – drums
References
1956 albums
Buck Clayton albums
Columbia Records albums
Michael `` Mike '' Campbell ( born May 21 , 1975 ) is a retired American professional basketball player .
High school and college career
Campbell was born in Brooklyn , New York and played at Manhattan Park West High School in New York City . They went on to play at the Westchester Community College . In 1995 , they were transferred to LIU Brooklyn . They were named two-time Battle of Brooklyn MVP , 1997 and 1998 . In December 2017 , Campbell was honored as a member of the LIU Brooklyn Athletics Hall of Fame .
Professional career
A swingman , Campbell played in Argentina , Belgium , Cyprus , France , Israel , Italy , Portugal , Venezuela , and Yugoslavia , beside domestic leagues such as CBA , USBL , and BSN ( Puerto Rico ) .
Campbell played for YUBA League teams Hemofarm and Crvena zvezda between 2002 and 2003 . In 2006 , they played for two BSN teams , Atléticos de San Germán and Maratonistas de Coamo . In the 2007–08 season , they played for Israeli team Hapoel Galil Elyon . In 2009 , they played for Argentinian team Unión de Sunchales . Campbell retired as a player with Belgian team Optima Gent in 2010 .
References
External links
Michael Campbell at proballers.com
Mike Campbell at realgm.com
Mike Campbell at eurobasket.com
1975 births
Living people
ABA League players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Portugal
American expatriate basketball people in Serbia
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
American men 's basketball players
Atléticos de San Germán players
Baloncesto Superior Nacional players
Brussels Basketball players
Basketball players from New York City
Bucaneros de La Guaira players
Fort Wayne Fury players
Gaiteros del Zulia players
Gent Hawks players
Hapoel Galil Elyon players
KK Crvena zvezda players
KK Hemofarm players
LIU Brooklyn Blackbirds men 's basketball players
Maratonistas de Coamo players
Panteras de Miranda players
Scafati Basket players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
Unión de Sunchales basketball players
United States Basketball League players
Rowett is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
People
Catherine Rowett ( born 1956 ) , British Member of the European Parliament for the Green Party
Gary Rowett ( born 1974 ) , English footballer and manager
Henry Rowett , English cricketer in the 1760s
John Quiller Rowett ( 1874–1924 ) , British business person in the spirits industry
Richard Rowett ( 1830–1887 ) , leading figure of nineteenth-century Illinois and American history
Tim Rowett ( born 1942 ) , British video presenter about toys
Other
Rowett Island ( South Shetland Islands )
Rowett Research Institute , Aberdeen , Scotland , researches nutrition
See also
Shackleton-Rowett Expedition ( 1921–22 ) , Antarctica
Rowetta , English singer
The National Prize for Journalism ( ) , part of the National Prize of Chile , has been awarded since 1954 . It was created by Law 11479 in 1953 . It was granted annually until 1972 , when Law 17595 changed it to a biennial prize .
From 1954 to 1963 , it was granted in the categories writing , feature , and photography . In 1964 the drawing category was added . Between 1975 and 1993 , mention was made of the winner 's category .
Other important prizes in the same category , granted by individuals , are the Lenka Franulic Award ( 1963 ) , the Embotelladora Andina Award ( 1979 ) , and the Chilean Security Association Carmen Puelma Award ( 1994 ) .
List of winners
1954–1972
Since 1975
References
External links
Premio Nacional de Periodismo at Memoria Chilena
1954 establishments in Chile
Awards established in 1954
Chilean awards
Journalism awards
1953 in Chilean law
Larrainzar is a village in Navarra , Spain . It is the capital of the municipality of Ultzama and had 129 inhabitants in 2011 .
José Ángel Ziganda , former footballer for Osasuna and Athletic Bilbao , was born in Larrainzar .
Populated places in Navarre
A Cruel Bird Came to the Nest and Looked In is a novel by English author Magnus Mills published in 2011 by Bloomsbury .
Plot introduction
The Cabinet of Greater Fallowfields comprises :
all for no apparent reason named after birds .
They attempt to run the affairs of state but the absence of `` his exalted highness , the majestic emperor of the realms , dominions , colonies and commonwealth of Greater Fallowfields '' makes any actual decision-making impossible . They are also hindered by their lack of qualification for the positions they hold , and by the lack of resources available to them , for example Whimbrel has only a coin-operated telescope and Sanderling 's navy all sailed away in the distant past . While they wait for the new Emperor to return from their education , Whimbrel notices through their telescope , activity approaching from the East - a railway line is being built from the far off 'City of Scoffers ' . Its arrival brings many challenges to the fledgling administration and threatens the sovereignty of Greater Fallowfields itself ...
Reception
Ian Sansom in The Guardian praises the novel as being `` odd , endearing and disturbing '' , comparing it to the work of Mervyn Peake
Adrian Turpin on FT.com writes `` Some people are conspiracy theorists ; Magnus Mills is a cock-up theorist . Like their previous six novels , this po-faced comedy is a tribute to humankind 's ( and , yes , all the characters are men ) ability to create chaos from order while deluding itself that it 's doing the reverse . Better this though – so A Cruel Bird suggests – than the sinisterly efficient forces of progress that threaten to transform the realm . One of our finest comic stylists in top form '' .
Nicholas Royle in The Independent whilst praising the novel is also frustrated , `` It 's a quick and easy read , certainly enjoyable , charming , likeable and amusing , but with only occasional hints of a more interesting darkness that is never allowed to dominate . Tensions between different levels of society are not explored , just as the nightmarish potential of a life of exile in the industrialised City of Scoffers is never really exploited . ''
References
External links
Keith Miller dissects the dialectic in Magnus Mills 's A Cruel Bird Came to the Nest and Looked In from The Telegraph , 17 Oct 2011 .
2011 British novels
English novels
Bloomsbury Publishing books
Thomas Mitchell Buffington was born October 15 , 1855 , in Going Snake District of the Cherokee Nation , Indian Territory , now in Adair County , Oklahoma . Their parents were Ezekiel Buffington , who was born in Georgia in 1807 and settled in Oklahoma Territory in 1835 as part of the Cherokee diaspora . Their mother was Louisa ( Newman ) Buffington , who was born in Tennessee in 1817 and died in 1898 . Buffington was one of eight children . Buffington married Susie Woodall in 1878 ( b.1857-d.1891 ) ; they were a school teacher . Four years after their first wife 's death , they married E. Gray , a teacher in the Cherokee schools .
Thomas Buffington became active in Cherokee politics and aligned themselves with the Downing party . In 1889 they were elected district judge for the Delaware district , but resigned in order to serve as senator , for which they were elected in 1891 . They served as temporary Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation from the 14th to the 23rd of December , 1891 , upon the deaths of the Principal Chief Joel B. Mayes and the Second Chief Henry Chambers , as they had right of succession , being president of the Senate . They were appointed as a delegate to Washington , D.C. to represent the Cherokee Nation before the United States Congress . There they supported passage of the Curtis Act of 1898 , which weakened tribal governments , brought all persons in the territory under federal law , and facilitated land allotments .
They later served as mayor of Vinita . In 1899 they resigned as mayor and ran for the office of Principal Chief and won , serving until 1903 .
After serving as Principal Chief for the second time , Buffington served as mayor of Vinita till 1917 . They died in Vinita , Oklahoma on February 11 , 1938 .
References
1855 births
1938 deaths
Cherokee people
Mayors of places in Oklahoma
Principal Chiefs of the Cherokee Nation ( 1794–1907 )
20th-century Native Americans
Zimný Stadion Banská Bystrica is an indoor ice hockey arena in Banská Bystrica , Slovakia .
The arena , opened in 1956 , seats 3,000 people , and is home to HC 05 Banska Bystrica .
Notable events
An overview of some sport events :
1977
1977 IIHF World Under-20 Championship
References
External links
Profile on hockeyarenas.net
Indoor ice hockey venues in Slovakia
Buildings and structures in Banská Bystrica
Sport in Banská Bystrica Region
Seminole Cafe and Hotel is an historic building located at 55 South Flagler Avenue in Homestead , Florida , United States .
The building was originally a theater in Miami . In 1916 , it moved to Homestead and converted into a hotel and cafe , changing its name to the Landmark Hotel . On July 10 , 2008 , it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places .
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Miami-Dade County , Florida
Homestead , Florida
Hotel buildings completed in 1916
1916 establishments in Florida
Western Market Terminus ( ) ( formerly Sheung Wan Market Terminus ) is a tram stop and one of the seven termini of Hong Kong Tramways , a double-decker tram system . Located in Sheung Wan , it is one of the system 's three termini in the Central and Western District on Hong Kong Island . It is also one of the two termini for Hong Kong Tramways ' sightseeing tram service , the other being Causeway Bay Terminus . Premium charter tram boarding and alighting also take place at this terminus . The terminus has two platforms ; the southern platform serves westbound trams towards Kennedy Town or Shek Tong Tsui and the northern platform serves eastbound trams towards Shau Kei Wan . Eastbound trams originating from Kennedy Town Terminus or Shek Tong Tsui Terminus do not stop at this terminus ; they use a separate track that bypasses it .
Route
Western Market ↔ Shau Kei Wan
References
Hong Kong Tramways stops
Sheung Wan
Pierre Jean Henri Didelot ( 12 May 1870 in Paris – 30 October 1941 in Alpes-Maritimes ) . They were a colonial administrator in various colonies of the French Colonial Empire .
Titles held
References
1870 births
1941 deaths
French colonial governors and administrators
Governors of French India
People of French West Africa
Michaël Ferrier ( born 14 August 1967 ) is a French writer , novelist and essayist , living in Tokyo .
Biography
Ferrier was born in Strasbourg . They come from a French family and also from Mauritian Creole people and Réunion Creole people , with Indian , French , Malagasy and British origins . After a nomadic childhood ( Africa and Indian Ocean ) , they gained entrance to the highly selective École Normale Supérieure , at the age of 18 , where they passed the agrégation in literature ( the highest teaching diploma in France ) and graduated from the University of Paris . They are currently Professor at Chuo University , Tokyo , Japan , and director of the Research Group Figures de l'Etranger ( In the face of alterity : The image of the Other in arts and society ) .
Works
Ferrier has published several novels and essays , whose interdisciplinary work ( in the fields of literature , art , music and philosophy ) includes several books on Japan , which has become a standard reference in the field .
Their first novel , Tokyo , petits portraits de l'aube , Gallimard , 2004 , has been awarded the Prix Littéraire de l'Asie 2005 ( Literary Prize from the Association of French Language Writers and the French Minister of Foreign Affairs ) .
Their novel Sympathie pour le Fantôme ( Gallimard , 2010 ) portrays multiple voices ( Ambroise Vollard , Jeanne Duval and Edmond Albius ) and embraces the contradictions and complexity of French national identity . It has been awarded the Prix littéraire de la Porte Dorée ( Literary prize of Cité nationale de l'histoire de l'immigration , the French museum of immigration ) .
Their book about Fukushima is a major study on the earthquake , the tsunami and the nuclear accident , that has roused the interest of writers and philosophers like Philippe Sollers and Jean-Luc Nancy ( Fukushima , récit d'un désastre , Gallimard , 2012 ) . Prestigious universities have devoted conferences to their work ( the University of Edinburgh , 2017 , the University of Tohoku and the University of London , 2019 ) , and Ferrier is the recipient of numerous literary awards and honors , among them the 2012 Prix Edouard Glissant .
Awards and honours
Michaël Ferrier was shortlisted three times for the Prix Femina and three times for the Prix Décembre .
2005 Prix littéraire de l'Asie
2010 Prix littéraire de la Porte Dorée
2012 Edouard Glissant Prize
2015 Franz-Hessel-Preis
2018 Prix Décembre for François , portrait d'un absent
2020 Prix Jacques Lacarrière for Scrabble , une enfance tchadienne
Works
Novels
Tokyo , petits portraits de l'aube , Éditions Gallimard , 2004
Kizu , Ed . Arléa , 2004
Sympathie pour le Fantôme , Gallimard , 2010
Fukushima , récit d'un désastre , Gallimard , 2012
François , portrait d'un absent , Gallimard , 2018
Novels translated in English
Scrabble : une enfance tchadienne , Mercure de France , Collection Traits et Portraits , 2019 = Scrabble , A Chadian Childhood , translated by Martin Munro , Liverpool University Press , 2022
Mémoires d'Outre-Mer , Gallimard , 2015 = Over Seas of Memory , translated by Martin Munro , foreword by Patrick Chamoiseau , Nebraska University Press , 2019
Essays
Louis-Ferdinand Céline et la chanson , Ed . du Lerot , 2004
La Tentation de la France , la Tentation du Japon , Picquier , 2003
Le Goût de Tokyo , anthology , Mercure de France , 2008
Japon : la Barrière des rencontres , Ed . Cécile Defaut , 2009
Penser avec Fukushima ( sous la direction de C. Doumet et M. Ferrier ) , Nantes , Editions nouvelles Cécile Defaut , 2016
Naufrage ( about COVID-19 pandemic ) , Gallimard , Collection Tracts , 2020
Dans l'oeil du désastre : créer avec Fukushima , sous la direction de Michaël Ferrier , éd . Thierry Marchaisse , 2021 , with Makoto Aida , Takashi Arai , Chim↑Pom , Marie Drouet , Hikaru Fujii , Thierry Girard , Yoi Kawakubo , Jacques Kraemer , Hélène Lucien , Bruno Meyssat , Chihiro Minato , Yoann Moreau , Brigitte Mounier , Kôhei Nawa , Shinji Ohmaki , Marc Pallain , Claude-Julie Parisot , Gil Rabier , Noi Sawaragi , Nobuhiro Suwa , Kota Takeuchi , Kenichi Watanabe , Yukinori Yanagi .
Notre ami l'atome ( Our friend the Atom , cinematographic writings ) , Paris , Gallimard , 2021
Screenplay - Movies
The World after Fukushima , coproduction Arte/Kami Productions ( Japon , 2013 , 77 min )
Nuclear Lands , A History of Plutonium , coproduction Arte France/Seconde Vague Productions/Kami Productions ( France , 2015 , 83 min )
Our Friend The Atom , coproduction Arte France/Radio Télévision Suisse/Kami Productions ( France , 2019 , 55 min )
The three films written by Michaël Ferrier and directed by Kenichi Watanabe were published by Éditions Gallimard in 2021 : Notre ami l'atome ( Our friend the Atom ) , Paris , Gallimard , 2021 .
Texts in English
« Creole Japan ; or , the Vagaries of Creolization » , Small Axe , vol 14 , number 3 33 , Durham , Duke University Press , 2010
A special issue about Japanese photography in art press , the international review of contemporary art , contains two interviews with Japanese photographers : « Chihiro Minato : Only Once » and « Japanese photography : In Tokyo with Araki » , art press , number 353 , 2009
« Setouchi . Japan 's Festival of the Inland Sea » , art press , number 371 , 2010 ( about the Contemporary Art Festival curated by Fram Kitagawa )
« Art , eroticism and cannibalism in Japan » , art press2 , number 20 , 2011
« Visualizing the Impossible : Art after Fukushima » , art press , number 423 , 2015
« Nature and Creation in Japanese Aesthetics » , Wabi Sabi Shima , Of the Aesthetics of Perfection and Chaos in the Japanese Archipelago , Thalie Art Foundation editions , 2015
« France-Japan : The Coral Writers ( From stereotype to prototype , in favor of rethinking a critical approach to Japan ) » , Contemporary French & Francophone Studies , Volume 21 , 2017 - Issue 1 : France-Asia , p. 8-27 .
References
Further reading
In English
Akane Kawakami , 'Walking Underground : Two Francophone Flâneurs in Twenty-First-Century Tokyo ' , L'Esprit créateur , Volume 56 , Number 3 , Fall 2016 , Johns Hopkins University Press , pp . 120–133 .
Martin Munro , 'The Elsewhere and the Overseas in Michaël Ferrier 's Mémoires d'outre-mer ' , Critical Review of French Contemporary Fixxion , Number 16 , edited by Charles Forsdick , Anna-Louise Milne and Jean-Marc Moura , 2018 .
Oana Sabo , The Migrant Canon in Twenty-First-Century France Lincoln : University of Nebraska Press , 2018 ( chapter 3 , ‘ CONSECRATION The Prix littéraire de la Porte Dorée and Its Migrant Archive ' , pp . 97–126 ) .
Hannah Holtzman , L'ère nucléaire : French Visions of Japan , from Hiroshima to Fukushima , Graduate School of Arts and Sciences , University of Virginia , PHD ( Doctor of Philosophy ) , 2018 .
Hannah Holtzman , ‘ Les Français ne savent pas où me mettre ' : Placing Michaël Ferrier 's petits portraits from Japan , French Studies , Volume 73 , Issue 4 , October 2019 , pp . 561–577 .
Fabien Arribert-Narce , 'Narrating Fukushima : The Genre of “ Notes ” as a Literary Response to the 3|11 Triple Disaster in Hideo Furukawa 's Horses , Horses , in the End the Light Remains Pure ( 2011 ) and Michaël Ferrier 's Fukushima : Récit d'un désastre ( 2012 ) ' , a /b : Auto/Biography Studies , Volume 36 , Issue 2 , 2021 , pp . 1–16 .
Akane Kawakami , 'Scatter and Resist : Ferrier writing Fukushima ' , Journal of Romance Studies , Volume 22 ( 2022 ) , Issue 1 , Liverpool University Press , 2022 , pp . 49–71 .
Books in French
Critique , , éd . de Minuit , 2010 , « Sous l'Empire du Japon »
Michaël Ferrier , un écrivain du corail , Fabien Arribert-Narce ( ed . ) , with Patrick Chamoiseau , Martin Munro , Christian Doumet , Asako Muraishi , Bernadette Cailler , Anne Roche , Catherine Coquio , Hannah Holtzman , Akane Kawakami , Hervé Couchot , Yann Mével , Paris , éditions Honoré Champion , 2021 .
External links
Tokyo Time Table , Michael Ferrier website
Michaël Ferrier on Gallimard website
TV program of the National Library of France with Michaël Ferrier .
1967 births
Living people
Writers from Strasbourg
French travel writers
21st-century French novelists
French male novelists
21st-century French male writers
French male non-fiction writers
Chuo University faculty
The Women 's 100 metre backstroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 18 and 19 May 2016 .
Records
Prior to the competition , the existing world , European and championship records were as follows .
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 18 May at 10:49 .
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 18 May at 19:41 .
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 19 May at 19:00 .
References
Women 's 100 metre backstroke
2016 in women 's swimming
Anand Rao Gaekwad was the seventh Maharaja of Baroda State reigning from 1800 to 1819 with the regents of Fateh Singh II and Sayaji Rao Gaekwad . They became Maharaja of Baroda after the death of Govind Rao Gaekwad .
Death
They died in 1819 and was succeeded by Sayaji Rao II Gaekwad as the new ruler of Baroda .
See also
Gaekwad dynasty
References
External links
Official Website of the Gaekwads of Baroda
Year of birth missing
1819 deaths
Maharajas of Vadodara
Hindu monarchs
Indian royalty
Indian military leaders
Helen Parr ( née Truax ) , also known as Elastigirl and Mrs . Incredible , is a fictional superhero who appears in Pixar 's animated superhero film The Incredibles ( 2004 ) and its sequel Incredibles 2 ( 2018 ) . Voiced by actor Holly Hunter , the character is a superhero who possesses superhuman elasticity , granting them the ability to stretch any part of their body to great proportions . Helen is introduced in the first film as an accomplished superhero forced into retirement with the rest of their family after usage of superpowers is banned by law .
Development
Creation and casting
Screenwriter and director Brad Bird conceived Helen as a modern mom who `` has to stretch in hundreds of different ways each day . '' Helen is voiced by American actor Holly Hunter . Bird considered Hunter `` one of the finest actores in the world '' , capable of playing a `` sensitive '' character who also has `` a very sturdy center '' . Hunter , who had never voiced an animated character before , saw the role as an exciting opportunity to expand their repertoire . They were also drawn to the film by its unique and `` unconventional story about family and human dynamics '' .
Characterization
According to Hunter , Helen has `` total fearlessness '' as a superhero , but also `` a very strong , protective instinct '' when it comes to their children , and an `` innate desire to save others '' .
Regarding the choice to make Helen the star of Incredibles 2 , Bird insisted that it was unrelated with the # MeToo movement , and was instead a choice that came naturally with how the writers wanted to progress the story .
Animation
The Incredibles was the first Pixar film with an all-human cast , which posed significant challenges for the technical crew . The muscular movements of Helen was a particularly difficult subject , as the character needs to be able to stretch , bend and fold into various shapes . Character supervisor Bill Wise stated that Helen 's was likely the most complex rig Pixar had ever done to that point . A specific program was written so that they could twist and turn as needed . The original animation system had become obsolete by Incredibles 2 and as a result all characters , including Helen , were rebuilt using a new tool box . Them expanded role in the sequel meant additional work but also new opportunities for the animators . The tentacle rigs for Hank in Finding Dory were used as inspiration in order for Helen to stretch `` much beyond what they did in the first film '' .
Powers and abilities
Elastigirl 's primary superpower is elasticity , which allows them to stretch various parts of their body to many different sizes . This ability can extend to shapeshifting , as they can use elasticity to change their form and density , as when they morphed into a boat and a parachute . They can achieve superhuman levels of strength , durability , and agility using their elasticity powers . Them only weakness is extremely cold air . Upon being captured by Evelyn in Incredibles 2 , the villain warns them not to try stretching , or `` ... your bones will crack like a twig ! ''
In addition to their powers , Elastigirl is shown to be an exceptional motorcycle driver , pilot , operative , investigator , and tactician , as well as a masterful hand-to-hand combatant .
In order to determine the Parr family 's superpowers , Bird drew inspiration from the roles of typical nuclear family members . Helen 's powers mirror society 's expectations of a mother , who according to Bird is `` always juggling a million things and pulled in a million directions '' .
Appearances
In The Incredibles ( 2004 ) , Helen is seen as Elastigirl in the time before superheroes are banned . They married Bob Parr ( Mr . Incredible ) and starts a family : Violet , Dash , and Jack-Jack . They give up their vigilante job to become a housewife while their husband worked . When Bob starts to act sneakily , Helen suspects an affair and confronts him . Later , when they discovered their husband is in trouble , they pilot a jet to rescue him , accompanied by Violet and Dash .
In Incredibles 2 ( 2018 ) , the main plot of the film involves Helen becoming the face of a campaign to make superheroes legal again by giving them good public relations through successful missions that do n't cause collateral damage to the city . Although they end up becoming Evelyn 's victim , they are then rescued by their children , with Helen finally learning of Jack-Jack 's first of 17 superhuman abilities . Following that was a showdown on a plane between Elastigirl and Evelyn which resulted in a humiliating defeat , and almost death for Evelyn .
Critical reception
Rolling Stone ranked Helen the 14th `` Best Pixar Movie Character '' , the second highest Incredibles character behind Edna Mode .
Syfy Wire praised the sequel for making its hero a `` kickass mom '' .
Upon the release of Incredibles 2 , there was some discourse surrounding the perception of Helen 's character , and how it has changed since the release of the first film . Hundreds of fans on social media express their adoration for Helen 's `` thicc '' body , a slang term referring to having large buttocks combined with a curvy waist , while The New Yorker compared the character to Anastasia Steele from Fifty Shades of Grey .
IndieWire ranked Hunter 's work as Helen the third best performance in Pixar films , complimenting their `` dizzying range '' which `` goes from sexy superhero to harassed , end-of-her-tether mom , to wife crushed by seeming infidelity , to back-in-the-game ass-kicker on a dime . ''
References
Female characters in animated films
Film characters introduced in 2004
Animated characters introduced in 2004
Animated human characters
Female characters in film
Fictional characters who can stretch themselves
Fictional aviators
Fictional women soldiers and warriors
Film superheroes
The Incredibles characters
Female superheroes
Diessen is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant . It is located in the municipality of Hilvarenbeek .
History
The village was first mentioned in 380 as Deusone , and relates to the Dieze River . The etymology is unclear . Diessen developed in the Early Middle Ages around the Reusel stream .
The St Willibrordus church with a choir from the early-15th century and a nave from around 1450 . The tower was probably built in 1527 . The church was restored between 1970 and 1773 , and some of the 19th century modifications have been undone .
Diessen was home to 1,003 people in 1840 . Diessen was a separate municipality until 1997 , when it was merged with Hilvarenbeek .
Diessen is hypothesized to be the birthplace Deusone of the Gallic Emperor Postumus .
Gallery
References
Municipalities of the Netherlands disestablished in 1997
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Hilvarenbeek
St. Philip 's College is a public historically black community college in San Antonio , Texas . It is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools and part of the Alamo Colleges District . The college currently serves more than 11,000 students in over 70 different academic and technical disciplines . It is the westernmost historically black college or university in the United States and is located in the East Side , the historic home of the city 's African American community .
History
James Steptoe Johnston , the Second Bishop of West Texas for the Episcopal Church , founded St. Philip 's Normal and Industrial School to educate and train recently emancipated slaves . Opening March 1 , 1898 , the school began as a weekend sewing class for six black girls , taught by Miss Alice G. Cowan , a missionary with the Episcopal Church .
In 1902 , Artemisia Bowden , daughter of a former slave , joined the school as administrator and teacher . Miss Bowden served St. Philip 's College for 52 years . Under their supervision , the school grew from an industrial school for girls into a high school and later , a junior college .
In 1942 , the school , retaining the St. Philip 's Junior College name , affiliated with San Antonio College and the San Antonio Independent School District , marking the end of the college 's era as a private institution .
Campus
St. Philip 's College operates two major campuses and seven subsidiary locations . The main campus is located on the east side of San Antonio , three miles from Downtown . The Southwest Campus , formerly part of Kelly Air Force Base , is located on the southwest side of San Antonio and serves as a hub for technical training programs . Courses are also conducted at local military installations , hospitals , high schools and the Central Texas Technology Center , located in New Braunfels .
During the last 20 years , multimillion-dollar capital expansions added four major buildings , including a state-of-the-art theater complex , to the main campus ; the opening of the Northeast Learning Center in 1996 ; and the completion of the Learning and Leadership Development Center in 1997 in collaboration with the City of San Antonio . In Spring 2009 , SPC expanded to include a new multipurpose facility , library , and welcome center .
Academics
St. Philip 's College offers open admission . Admission requires completion of a student data form and submission of high school graduation transcript or GED certificate .
Liberal arts and technical courses
Major divisions include Arts and Sciences , Applied Science and Technology and Health Professions . Students may earn an Associate of Arts , Associate of Science , or Associate of Applied Science degree , depending on major area of study .
Many departments offer one-year certificate programs , designed for concentrated study in specific subject areas and rapid entry into the job market .
The Applied Science and Technology division offers coursework in unique high-demand career and technical fields , such as Aircraft Technology , Diagnostic Medical Sonography , Construction Trades , Electrical and Power Transmission , Multi-Modal Transportation , Manufacturing Engineering Technology , plus many more .
Online Classes
St. Philip 's College offers 200+ Internet classes through its Center for Distance Learning . Classes range from Accounting , to Pathophysiology , to Web Design .
References
External links
Official website
St. Philip 's College at The Handbook of Texas Online
African-American history in San Antonio
Educational institutions established in 1898
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
Alamo Colleges District
Historically black universities and colleges in Texas
1898 establishments in Texas
John Aubrey Westbrook ( 1 November 1922 – 16 June 1989 ) was an English actor .
Born in Teignmouth , Devon , John Westbrook worked mainly in theatre and in radio . They also made occasional film and television appearances . Their most famous role was as Christopher Gough in Roger Corman 's The Tomb of Ligeia . Noted for their deep , mellifluous voice , they also recorded radio plays and audiobooks , and provided the role of Treebeard in the 1978 animated adaptation of The Lord of the Rings . Westbrook also recorded the spoken roles in the choral/orchestral works An Oxford Elegy by Ralph Vaughan Williams and Morning Heroes by Arthur Bliss , as well as the role of the Narrator in Oedipus Rex by Stravinsky , conducted by the composer .
They performed in a great many Shakespeare plays , which included the title part in Richard II at the Citizens ' , Glasgow in 1956 , Morocco and the Duke of Venice in The Merchant of Venice for BBC Television in 1955 , Theseus in A Midsummer Night 's Dream for BBC Television in 1958 and Prospero in The Tempest for the Bristol Old Vic in 1960 . On radio they played Cassio in Othello , Fortinbras and later The Ghost in Hamlet , Banquo in Macbeth etc .
Also for BBC Radio they were a remarkably fine Jesus in the last revival of Dorothy L. Sayers 's The Man Born to Be King . This production has been repeated over a long period , most recently at Christmas 2008 on BBC Radio 7 . They also portrayed Jesus in festival theatre productions such as the York Mystery Plays , and much other work with a religious theme such as their Becket in Murder in the Cathedral . Comparatively rare London appearances included The River Line at what was then the Strand Theatre in 1952 .
Television work included playing the historical roles of James II in the 1969 BBC miniseries The First Churchills , and
Lord Blandford in the 1974 Thames miniseries Jennie : Lady Randolph Churchill .
They appeared in poetry recitals all over the UK , including their own solo programme The Ruling Passion .
They died 16 June 1989 aged 66 in Ridgewell , Halstead , Essex .
Filmography
References
External links
Picture of John Westbrook
1922 births
1989 deaths
20th-century English male actors
English male film actors
English male radio actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
English male voice actors
John Egerton , 2nd Duke of Bridgwater ( 29 April 1727 – 26 February 1748 ) , known as Lord John Egerton until 1731 and as Marquess of Brackley from 1731 to 1745 , was a British peer from the Egerton family . They were also known as the 5th Earl of Bridgewater from 1745 to 1748 .
Egerton was the fourth son of Scroop Egerton , 1st Duke of Bridgewater and their second wife Lady Rachael Russell , daughter of Wriothesley Russell , 2nd Duke of Bedford . Their older brothers having predeceased him , they succeeded their father as duke in 1745 .
Only three years later Egerton died intestate , aged only 20 , from a fever and was buried in Little Gaddesden in Hertfordshire on 4 March 1748 . They were unmarried and was succeeded in their titles by their younger and only surviving brother Lord Francis Egerton .
References
1727 births
1748 deaths
102
John
The 1975 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament was played at the end of the 1975 NCAA Division I baseball season to determine the national champion of college baseball . The tournament concluded with eight teams competing in the College World Series , a double-elimination tournament in its twenty-ninth year . Eight regional competitions were held to determine the participants in the final event . Each region held a four team , double-elimination tournament , resulting in 32 teams participating in the tournament at the conclusion of their regular season , and in some cases , after a conference tournament . The twenty-ninth tournament 's champion was Texas , coached by Cliff Gustafson , their first in a quarter century . The Most Outstanding Player was Mickey Reichenbach of Texas . This was the first year the tournament used the regionals .
The 1975 tournament marked the first appearance for LSU , which would become a college baseball superpower in the succeeding decades , claiming six national championships between 1991 and 2009 . LSU won the 1961 Southeastern Conference championship to earn an automatic bid to the NCAA tournament , but declined the bid to avoid playing integrated teams .
This season also marked the first appearance for Cal State Fullerton , which would claim four national championships from 1979 through 2004 . Head coach Augie Garrido guided the Titans to three titles before moving to Texas , where they claimed three more titles from 2002 through 2009 .
Regionals
1975 was the first year the NCAA featured the Regional format for the tournament , which is still in use today , although it has been modified .
Northeast Regional
Games played in Stamford , CT .
Atlantic Regional
Games played in Columbia , SC .
Mideast Regional
Games played in Ypsilanti , MI .
South Regional
Games played in Starkville , MS .
Midwest Regional
Games played in Norman , OK .
South Central Regional
Games played in Arlington , TX .
Rocky Mountain Regional
Games played in Tempe , AZ .
West Regional
Games played in Los Angeles .
College World Series
Seton Hall , South Carolina , Eastern Michigan , Florida St. , Oklahoma , Texas , Arizona St. and Cal St. Fullerton won their regionals and moved on to the 1975 College World Series .
Participants
Results
Bracket
Game results
All-Tournament Team
The following players were members of the All-Tournament Team .
Notable players
Arizona State : Gary Allenson , Chris Bando , Floyd Bannister , Mike Colbern , Dave Hudgens , Darrell Jackson , Ken Landreaux , Jerry Maddox , Chris Nyman , Rick Peters , Ken Phelps , John Poloni , Gary Rajsich
Cal State Fullerton : Danny Boone , George Horton
Eastern Michigan : Glenn Gulliver , John Martin , Bob Owchinko , Bob Welch
Florida State : Juan Bonilla , Craig Eaton , Mark Gilbert , Terry Kennedy , Carlos Lezcano , Dan O'Brien
Oklahoma : Terry Bogener , Keith Drumright , George Frazier , Roger LaFrancois , Bob Shirley
Seton Hall : Rick Cerone , Dan Morogiello , Charlie Puleo
South Carolina : Garry Hancock , Greg Keatley , Ed Lynch , Jim Pankovits , Hank Small
Texas : Jim Gideon , Don Kainer , Keith Moreland , Rich Wortham
Tournament Notes
The Arizona State team featured 13 future Major League players – a record matched by the school 's team from the following year .
Texas came back to win the CWS after losing in Game 7 to Arizona State .
See also
1975 NCAA Division II Baseball Tournament
1975 NAIA World Series
References
NCAA Division I Baseball Championship
tournament
Baseball in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
Mae Carden ( 1894–1977 ) was an American educator who developed the Carden Method . They created the code for words , and taking apart sentences and knowing how to put them back together .
1934
Mae Carden established the first Carden School in 1934 at 24 East 68th Street in New York City . Two years later they moved it to 43 East 67th Street . They demonstrated that children can gain an understanding of their own language and attain the ability to use it correctly when reading , listening , speaking , or writing . Them goal was to teach children to think ; their main techniques were analysis and rhythm . Them educational philosophy and teaching techniques became an integral part of the Carden Method . Teachers , students , and parents often shorten the name of this interrelated , eclectic group of approaches to learning , calling it Carden .
1949
In 1949 Mae Carden closed their school in New York City and with close associates , Dorothea Freyfogle and May Crissey , organized Mae Carden , Inc . The new arrangement enabled Mae Carden to give full attention to the use of the Carden Method in other schools .
1962
To assure the continuation of their work , they established The Carden Educational Foundation , Inc. , a New York not-for-profit corporation , in 1962 . After Mae Carden died in 1977 , the Foundation absorbed all of the activities and purposes of Mae Carden , Inc. , and dissolved that organization . All rights , title , and interest in the Carden Method , including Carden and the Carden Curriculum , are vested in the Foundation .
References
20th-century American educators
1894 births
1977 deaths
Place of birth missing
`` I Wan na Be Your Slave '' ( stylized in all capitals ) is a song by Italian rock band Måneskin , from their second studio album , Teatro d'ira : Vol . I released on 19 March 2021 by Sony . Prior to its release as a single , the song managed to reach top-ten positions on charts across Europe , including number one in Finland and Slovakia , and went viral on the Spotify charts . It is the band 's first song to reach the top 5 of the UK Singles Chart , and second to reach top 10 of Billboard Global Excl . U.S. chart .
On 16 July 2021 , the song was issued to Italian radio stations as the third single from Teatro d'ira : Vol . I . A duet version featuring American punk-rock singer Iggy Pop was released on 6 August 2021 .
Background and composition
The song talks about duality in love relationships , the `` obsession and how they 're willing to enslave themselves if that 's what it takes to win over that special someone . '' According to lyricist Damiano David , the song `` crudely describes all the facets of sexuality and how they can be influential in everyday life . We have inserted some contrasts : ' I 'm the devil , I 'm a lawyer , I 'm a killer , I 'm a blonde girl ' , we want to convey the idea that we do n't need to have a single identity , everyone can have many facets . ''
Music video
On 5 July 2021 , the band announced an official music video , which was released on their YouTube channel on 15 July . It was directed by Simone Bozzelli and produced by Think|Cattleya . It presents `` voyeuristic loop '' , where `` forbidden desires are matched with sacrifice . '' The video won the Best Alternative category at the 2022 MTV Video Music Awards .
Commercial performance
After the band 's win at the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 , `` I Wan na Be Your Slave '' became viral on weekly charts and Spotify charts , in part thanks to their live performance recorded at the Acquapendente studio , where the band recorded their studio album Teatro d'ira : Vol . I , and shared for the Wiwi Jam At Home concert hosted by Wiwibloggs . First peaking at number 12 on the UK Singles Chart , the song surpassed the peak of the band 's previous single `` Zitti e buoni '' ( number 17 ) , thus making Måneskin the first Eurovision-winning act since Celine Dion to have two songs in the UK top 40 . On 15 June 2021 , the song peaked at number one on the UK 's Official Trending Chart and gained four positions on the midweek singles chart passing from number 12 to number 8 , peaking at number 7 on the weekly chart , becoming the band 's first song to reach the UK top 10 . In the next week it advanced to number 6 . In its sixth charting week it became the band 's first UK top 5 hit .
The song reached number one in Finland and Slovakia , and also reached the top 10 in the band 's native country of Italy as well as in Austria , Czech Republic , Denmark , Germany , Greece , Ireland , Lithuania , Netherlands , New Zealand , Norway , Sweden and Switzerland . By 15 June 2021 , the song was streamed 5.8 million times in the UK across both audio and video plays , and more than 61 million times on Spotify . On 21 June , the song became the band 's second song to reach top 10 of the Billboard Global Excl . U.S. chart . It topped the Billboard 's US Hot Hard Rock Songs chart week of 26 June 2021 .
The song was certified triple platinum in Italy , double platinum in Austria and Sweden , platinum in Australia , Canada , Germany , Greece , Norway , Poland , Portugal and the United Kingdom , and gold in Denmark , France , Spain and the United States .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
Footnotes
References
2021 songs
2021 singles
English-language Italian songs
Hard rock songs
Iggy Pop songs
Måneskin songs
Number-one singles in Finland
Sony Music singles
Songs written by Damiano David
Songs written by Victoria De Angelis
Hargurnek Singh Sandhu ( born January 26 , 1962 in Jamsher Khas , Jalandhar , Punjab , India ) , known as `` Nick '' or `` Niki '' , is a former field hockey defender .
Sandhu participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for Canada , starting in 1984 . After having finished in tenth position in Los Angeles , California , the resident of Vancouver , British Columbia ended up in eleventh place without h the Men 's National Team in the Seoul Games .
International senior competitions
1984 – Olympic Games , Los Angeles ( 10th )
1988 – Olympic Games , Seoul ( 11th )
1990 – World Cup , Lahore ( 11th )
References
Canadian Olympic Committee
External links
1962 births
Living people
Canadian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Canada
Field hockey players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Field hockey players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Field hockey players at the 1983 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1987 Pan American Games
Field hockey players at the 1991 Pan American Games
Canadian sportspeople of Indian descent
Indian emigrants to Canada
Field hockey players from Vancouver
Pan American Games medalists in field hockey
1990 Men 's Hockey World Cup players
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Michael Henke ( born 27 April 1957 ) is a German football coach and a former player . They are the current caretaker of Arminia Bielefeld . Their most notable post was managing 1 . FC Kaiserslautern in the 2005–06 season for 14 games . They have spent much of their career working as assistant to Ottmar Hitzfeld . After spending the 2009 season with Köln , Henke moved to Iran in order to become Esteghlal 's coach for the 2011–12 season . They were reunited with their former player , Ferydoon Zandi , whom they signed to 1 . FC Kaiserslautern back in 2005 . On 15 August 2012 , they became Aston Villa 's Head of European scouting .
Career statistics
References
1957 births
Living people
People from Paderborn ( district )
Sportspeople from Detmold ( region )
German footballers
SC Paderborn 07 players
SG Wattenscheid 09 players
FC Gütersloh 2000 players
2 . Bundesliga players
German football managers
FC Bayern Munich non-playing staff
1 . FC Kaiserslautern managers
FC Gütersloh 2000 managers
1 . FC Saarbrücken managers
Audi Sport TT Cup drivers
Association football midfielders
Borussia Dortmund II managers
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
SV Lippstadt 08 players
Shanghai Shenhua F.C . non-playing staff
The rivière des Mornes ( in English : Mornes river ) crosses the municipality of Saint-Luc-de-Bellechasse ( MRC Les Etchemins Regional County Municipality ) , as well as Notre-Dame-Auxiliatrice-de-Buckland and Saint-Philémon , in the Bellechasse Regional County Municipality , in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches , in Québec , in Canada .
The Rivière des Mornes is a tributary of the west bank of the rivière de la Fourche , which flows northward to empty onto the south bank of the rivière du Sud ( Montmagny ) ; the latter flows northwest , then northeast to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River .
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Des Mornes river are :
North side : rivière de la Fourche , rivière des Originaux , rivière du Sud ( Montmagny ) ;
East side : rivière de la Fourche , brook du Milieu , brook Beaudoin ;
South side : Milieu stream , Belles Amours stream , rivière à Bœuf , Blanche River ;
West side : rivière des Fleurs , Etchemin River .
The Mornes river has its source in the township of Standon , in the municipality of Saint-Luc-de-Bellechasse , in the Les Etchemins Regional County Municipality . This source is located south of the summit of the `` Montagne du Midi '' of the `` Massif du Sud '' . These mountains are part of the Notre Dame Mountains chain .
From its source , the Mornes river flows over , rolling down the mountain in a deep valley , divided into the following segments :
towards the north-west in Saint-Luc-de-Bellechasse , up to the limit of Notre-Dame-Auxiliatrice-de-Buckland ;
towards the northeast , in the township of Buckland , in the municipality of Notre-Dame-Auxiliatrice-de-Buckland , to the limit Saint-Philémon ;
towards the northeast in Saint-Philémon , until its confluence .
The confluence of the Mornes river is located at a place called `` Les Trois-Fourches '' and constitutes the head of the rivière de la Fourche . This confluence is located northeast of the summit of the Montagne du Midi , southeast of the hamlet of Buckland East and north-west of the summit of Mont Saint-Magloire .
Toponymy
The name “ Rivière des Mornes ” is associated with the mountainous terrain of the area .
The toponym “ rivière des Mornes ” was made official on February 18 , 1977 , at the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
Les Etchemins Regional County Municipality
Caren or Carens may refer to :
People
Caren ( name ) , including a list of people with the name
Caren/Karen , a supporting character from Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch
Places
Caren Range , mountain range in British Columbia
Caren , a district in Curacaví , Chile
Estero Carén , a river in Chile
Other uses
CAREN ( system ) , a virtual reality system used for rehabilitation
Kia Carens , a compact multi-purpose vehicle
Barbus carens , a ray-finned fish
Caren ( horse ) , 2016 Canadian Horse of the Year
See also
Carin
Caryn
Caron ( disambiguation )
Karen ( disambiguation )
Karin ( disambiguation )
An earthquake , measuring 6.2 ± 0.016 on the moment magnitude scale , hit Central Italy on 24 August 2016 at 03:36:32 CEST ( 01:36 UTC ) .
Its epicentre was close to Accumoli , with its hypocentre at a depth of 4 ± 1 km , approximately southeast of Perugia and north of L'Aquila , in an area near the borders of the Umbria , Lazio , Abruzzo and Marche regions . , 299 people had been killed .
Background
The central Apennines is one of the most seismically active areas in Italy . The Apennines mountain belt were formed in the Miocene to Pliocene as a result of the ongoing subduction of the Adriatic Plate beneath the Eurasian Plate , forming a fold and thrust belt . During the Quaternary , thrust tectonics gave way to extensional tectonics , with the development of a zone of normal faulting running along the crest of the mountain range . The extension is a result of either subduction rollback or the opening of the Tyrrhenian Sea . In the Central Apennines the zone of extension is about 30 km wide , closely matching the zone of observed extensional strain as shown by GPS measurements . Recent large earthquakes in this area have been caused by movement on SW-dipping normal faults .
This was the largest tremor since 2009 , when an earthquake near L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region killed over 300 people and displaced about 65,000 .
Earthquake
The earthquake was initially reported by INGV to have occurred at a depth of approximately , with a magnitude of 6.0 Mw and epicentre in the comune of Accumoli . The USGS first reported an earthquake at a depth of with a magnitude of 6.4 Mw and epicentre southeast of Norcia , but subsequently revised the magnitude to 6.2 Mw . The first seismic wave was recorded at 3:36 a.m .
The European-Mediterranean Seismological Centre put the magnitude at 6.1 .
The discrepancies between the different estimates of the magnitude led INGV to explain in a blog post that they use a crustal velocity model specifically calibrated for Italy and give more weight to the seismometric stations situated close to the epicentre . Using global models , INGV further stated that it can reproduce the values reported by foreign agencies .
, the initial earthquake was followed by at least 2,500 aftershocks . The tremor and a number of aftershocks were felt across the whole of central Italy ( from Rimini to Naples ) , including Rome , Florence and Bologna .
The local school was the first place to be repaired and reopened to the public on 15 September 2016 .
Casualties and rescue work
, the official figures of the Protezione Civile report that the earthquake caused the death of 297 people : 234 in Amatrice , 11 in Accumoli and 49 in Arquata del Tronto . At least 365 injured had to be treated in hospitals , mainly in Rieti and Ascoli Piceno , while people with less serious injuries were treated on the spot .
In addition to those rescued with the help of other inhabitants or escaped by themselves , 238 people were pulled alive from the rubble by the timely intervention of the authorities , 215 by the Vigili del Fuoco and 23 by the Soccorso Alpino .
Approximately 2,100 people found shelter at emergency camps . Approximately 4,400 people were involved in the search and rescue operations , including 70 teams with rescue dogs . Logistics made use of 12 helicopters , with nine more on stand-by .
The earthquake killed 280 Italians , 11 Romanians , and several others . The complete list is seen to the right .
Damage
Early reports indicated severe damage in the town of Amatrice , near the epicentre , and in Accumoli and Pescara del Tronto . Sergio Pirozzi , the mayor of Amatrice , stated that `` Amatrice is not here anymore , half of the town is destroyed . '' Photos of the destruction depicted a massive pile of rubble in the town 's centre with only a few structures still standing on the outskirts . It also cost an estimated economic loss between $ 1 billion to $ 11 billion .
Cultural heritage
In addition to the loss of human life , widespread destruction of cultural heritage is also reported .
In Amatrice , the facade and rose window of the Church of Sant'Agostino were destroyed , and the museum dedicated to the painter Nicola Filotesio , student and companion of Raphael , collapsed . The earthquake also created cracks in the Baths of Caracalla in Rome . The earthquake was so broad that authorities made structural tests on the Colosseum as well , which was not damaged .
The Basilica of Saint Francis of Assisi – a UNESCO World Heritage site with frescoes by Giotto and Cimabue that were partly destroyed by an earthquake in 1997 – was declared safe after an extensive survey by the head restorer .
Robot-assisted disaster response in Amatrice
3D computer models were used to help damage assessment of the Basilica of Saint Francis of Assisi and the Church of Sant'Agostino . The data for building the models was collected by robots deployed by the European project TRADR . Two ground robots and one drone were used inside the San Francesco Basilica , one drone was used inside the Sant'Agostino church , and two drones were used on the outside of both churches .
Controversies
After the earthquake in Central Italy , the court of Rieti discovered that not all the buildings of those cities were constructed or renovated under the antiseismic law of 1974 in which it explained all the construction techniques of an earthquake resistant building . In fact , a family was killed that night by the rubble of a church that was not renovated under that law . Similarly , the Romolo Capranica elementary school in Amatrice partially collapsed , even if in 2013 the town spent 160,000 euros in a seismic retrofit operation that improved the building 's seismic resistance , but was n't enough to comply with 2012 earthquake standards in Italy . The investigation is ongoing to discover the causes that allowed buildings to become reduced to rubble instead of sustaining damage attributed to buildings following anti-seismic regulations , especially Amatrice .
French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo published a cartoon depicting Italian earthquake victims as pasta dishes , causing `` shock and outrage . '' In response to the reaction of Italians unleashed on social networks , the cartoonist Coco pointed out with another cartoon on the official Facebook page of the magazine : `` Italians ... it 's not Charlie Hebdo who builds your houses , it 's the Mafia ! '' The French ambassador in Rome , in a statement , pointed out that the French Government 's position on the Italian earthquake is not that expressed by Charlie Hebdo .
October 2016 and January 2017 earthquakes
A magnitude 6.1 intraplate earthquake struck Italy west of Visso on 26 October at 9:18 p.m. local time . The earthquake , initially considered an aftershock of the magnitude 6.2 earthquake in August , struck about to the northwest of the August earthquake . The civil protection , however , estimated the consequences less dramatically than feared . According to official data , a man died because they had suffered a heart attack as a result of the quake . On 30 October , an earthquake larger than the 24 August shock struck Norcia with a USGS moment magnitude of 6.6 .
A magnitude 5.3 earthquake struck 25 km northwest of L'Aquila on 18 January at 10:25 local time at a depth of 9 km . A stronger , 5.7 tremor hit the same epicentral area at 11:14 local time . A third earthquake of preliminary magnitude of 5.6 struck 11 minutes later . At 14:33 local time , the fourth tremor of a magnitude 5.2 was registered . These earthquakes were followed by multiple aftershocks .
Earthquakes from August 2016 to January 2017 .
Maps
Aftershock distribution map , 24–25 August.Red : Main shock , Orange : 4.0–5.9 , Blue : 3.0–3.9 , Light blue : 0–2.9
See also
1639 Amatrice earthquake
List of earthquakes in 2016
List of earthquakes in Italy
October 2016 Central Italy earthquakes
January 2017 Central Italy earthquakes
References
External links
Euronews : Italy 's worst earthquake
EMSR177 : Earthquake in Central Italy ( reference and damage grading maps ) – Copernicus Emergency Management Service
Central Italy earthquake
Central Italy earthquake
21st century in Abruzzo
21st century in Lazio
August 2016 events in Italy
Earthquakes in Italy
Central Italy earthquake
Central Italy earthquake
`` The Suite Life Goes Hollywood '' is an hour-long episode of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody . It was presented in two parts and premiered on April 20 , 2007 , with two encores on April 21 and April 22 .
Plot summary
On a winter day when school is closed , Zack and Cody cause mischief in the hotel . Two failing screenwriters notice their antics and think it might make a good television show , so the boys , their mother , Maddie , London , and Mr. Moseby fly to Hollywood to consult with the writers and observe the pilot of the show , titled How Suite It Is . They stay at the Tipton in Los Angeles , which is largely identical to the one in Boston , and they meet the cast of the show : Zack and Cody are portrayed by two young boys , Carey by a young lady , Maddie by a pretty girl who pretends to like her , London by a boy , and Moseby by a tall man who talks with street slang . The producers think that the twins playing Zack and Cody are too young , and it is decided that the real Zack and Cody should play themselves . This is something the twins see as an exciting opportunity . The rest of the group is kicked out during rehearsals for interfering with the process .
After being kicked out of the stage , Maddie and London , who notice a star they like , dress in costumes for the film they are to be in in order to sneak onto the set . The director assumes them to be stunt doubles , which they initially refuse but eventually go along with because they believe are to kiss the star at the end . However , after they have done the stunts , the real actors are the ones to kiss the star , and the true stunt doubles have them removed from the set .
Back at the taping , Cody becomes nervous and forgets their lines when they find out how many people are in the audience . This annoys Zack , and the two start to fight , resulting in their mother taking them backstage to lecture them . During the lull in the taping , one of the crew people asks the audience if there are any talented people there . The Veronicas , who are in the audience come down to the stage and sing a song , which is well liked by the crew and audience , resulting in Zack and Cody being fired and The Veronicas being hired . The group then head back to Boston the next day .
Note : The interior scenes for the Los Angeles Tipton , as well as the Hollywood set-version for the soundstage was actually filmed on the exact same set that 's used to represent the Boston Tipton for the entire series ( as the whole series was filmed in Los Angeles ) .
Cast
Guest cast
The Veronicas played themselves and performed `` Cry '' .
Jennifer Kelly Tisdale played Saloon Girl # 1 ; stunt double for Saloon Girl # 1 played Maddie Fitzpatrick ( Jennifer 's sister , Ashley Tisdale ) . Jennifer Tisdale eventually played a recurring role as Connie , in The Suite Life on Deck .
Dante Basco played Madrid Tipton ( they wanted London to be a boy for the show ) .
Benjamin Brown played cast Moseby
Richard Correll played the episode 's real-life director , played TV Director
Shawn Crowder as stunt Bell Boy
Louis Dix as Louis
Chris Doyle as Waiter
Mary Z. Othman played cast Maddie
Dina L. Margolin played Maddie stunt double
Sam McMurray played Bud
Eddie Mekka played Western Director
Christopher Neiman played Lou
Michelle Nordin played cast Carey
Brecken Palmer played Zack Martin
Bridger Palmer played Cody Martin
Ming Qiu played London stunt double
Nikki SooHoo played Saloon Girl # 2
Josh Sussman played Kid
Lisa Lafaro Weselis played Stunt Old Lady
Richard Whiten played Security Guard
Merritt Yohnka played Stunt Businessman
Rik Young played Johnny Vaine
Reception
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody episode was among the top five shows for viewers ages 6 – 11 as of April 27 , 2007 .
`` The Hub '' called The Suite Life Goes Hollywood `` Today 's Might-See . '' They felt that some parts are overacted , but that the Maddie and London subplot is good .
The New York Daily News described The Suite Life Goes Hollywood as `` innocent , '' and as `` a two-part adventure . ''
Footnotes
External links
`` The Suite Life Goes Hollywood '' at the Internet Movie Database
2007 American television episodes
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody
The Suite Life of Zack & Cody episodes
Vikings ' River Splash is a ride at Legoland Windsor . It opened in 2007 , later than expected because of construction delays . The ride is a river rapids ride which is a common attraction in many theme parks . The ride is in the `` Land of the Vikings '' area of the park .
The ride features Lego models , water sprays and cannons along its course . The ride time is about three minutes and is one of the most popular rides in the park .
See also
Pirate Falls Treasure Quest
References
Amusement rides introduced in 2007
Legoland
Jeremiah Griffin Harrison ( born February 21 , 1949 ) is an American songwriter , musician , producer , and entrepreneur . They began their professional music career as a member of the cult band the Modern Lovers before becoming keyboardist and guitarist for the new wave band Talking Heads . In 2002 , Harrison was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Talking Heads .
Since Talking Heads went on indefinite hiatus in 1991 , Harrison has focused more on producing other bands , a role they started while still with Talking Heads , beginning with the Violent Femmes third album The Blind Leading the Naked in 1986 .
During the 1990s , they produced a number of hit albums for bands such as Live , The Verve Pipe , Big Head Todd and the Monsters , and Kenny Wayne Shepherd among others . They have also released three albums of solo music ( all while Talking Heads were still active ) and has participated in a number of partial reunions of Talking Heads . In 1999 , they helped found the online music community GarageBand.com .
Early life
Harrison was born in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , They were exposed to artistic fields from a young age , their mother studied art and taught at the Art Institute of Chicago and the Layton School of Art , their father was a musician and worked as an executive in an advertisement firm . Harrison graduated from Shorewood High School ( Wisconsin ) . where they played in many bands , was in the debate club , the student council , the youth club , the math club , also played basketball and was a part of the track team . They later attended Harvard University where they graduated from Magna Plus Cum Laude in Visual and Environmental Studies in 1972 with their bachelor thesis being about the fields of painting , sculpture and drawing .
Career
The Modern Lovers
In 1972 , Harrison met Jonathan Richman , and they formed The Modern Lovers . Harrison was introduced to Richman by mutual friend and journalist Danny Fields and the pair bonded over their shared love of the Velvet Underground . They joined The Modern Lovers in early 1971 , playing on their debut album in 1972 in California ( not released until 1976 and produced by John Cale ) , and left in February 1974 , when Richman wished to perform their songs more quietly . Devastated by the breakup of the band , Harrison returned to Harvard to get their Master 's degree in architecture .
Talking Heads
Harrison joined Talking Heads in 1977 , after the release of their debut single `` Love → Building on Fire '' . They were offered a spot in the band in 1976 , while they were still studying at Harvard . Tina Weymouth phoned Harrison to ask them to come and see Talking Heads play in Boston , not knowing they had already seen them and had been impressed by their material . After the performance , Harrison did not give a precise answer about whether they would join the group . In September 1976 , Harrison told Weymouth they would come to New York City to jam with the band , but they did not have enough money to take a bus . So they instead helped their friend , former Harvard classmate and Modern Lovers bassist Ernie Brooks , move to New York , hitching a ride with Brooks in the process .
Harrison designed the cover for the band 's third album in 1979 , Fear of Music , which received a Grammy nomination for Best Recording Package . Between tours , Harrison started producing records , working with a group called the Escalators in New York and also New Wave soul singer Nona Hendryx . In 1980 , Remain In Light caused a dispute in the band due to the credits when Harrison was given additional writing credit for `` The Overload '' and `` Houses in Motion '' alongside Brian Eno and David Byrne .
In 1984 , Harrison heard a recording on the radio of President Ronald Reagan , apparently from an off-air hot mic soundcheck saying , `` My fellow Americans , I 'm pleased to tell you today that I 've signed leg­islation that will outlaw Russia forever . We begin bombing in five minutes . '' Though many people had heard of the joke , most had never actually heard the recording itself . Believing it summed up the entire Reagan presidency , Harrison tracked down a copy of the tape through a college radio station and then worked with co-producer Daniel Lazerus and funk bassist Bootsy Collins to create a song . `` If the song is a hit , '' Harrison quipped , `` I 'll be willing to share royalties with 'lyricist ' Ronald Reagan . '' When the song , `` Five Minutes ( Bonzo Goes to Washington ) '' , was completed , no major label could guarantee a release before the 1984 Presidential election , so Harrison chose micro-label Sleeping Bag Records to release it in October 1984 .
Solo career
Harrison has released three solo albums . Many have assumed that the title of their debut , The Red and the Black in 1981 , derived from Stendhal 's novel of the same name . But in 2021 , Harrison admitted that the name was inspired by the group of Situationists . Some members who had come to the United States to join the protests at Harvard against the Vietnam War ended up living in Harrison 's room and would constantly talk about their philosophy and Wilhelm Reich , which fascinated Harrison . From this time , Harrison remembered a pamphlet that Guy Debord created named `` The Red and The Black '' and they `` just really liked '' the title . The main thoughts behind the album were the ideas of communism and anarchism .
In 1988 , they created Casual Gods , recorded in Milwaukee in a bomb-shelter-turned studio by the brother of Harrison 's best friend in elementary school . During the day Harrison took care of their mother and during the night they worked at the studio . The track `` Man with a Gun '' was featured in the 1988 film Two Moon Junction , and the instrumental version of the same song was used in the 1986 Jonathan Demme film Something Wild . The single `` Rev It Up '' reached a high-point of number seven on the US Mainstream Charts in April 1988 ; In an interview , Harrison recounts taping the music video with a room full of babies .
Harrison 's last solo work was Walk on Water in 1990 .
Post-Talking Heads
After the 1991 breakup of Talking Heads , Harrison turned to producing and worked on albums by bands including Hockey , Violent Femmes , The BoDeans , The Von Bondies , General Public , Live , Crash Test Dummies , The Verve Pipe , Poi Dog Pondering , Rusted Root , Stroke 9 , The Bogmen , Black 47 , The Mayfield Four , Of A Revolution , No Doubt , Josh Joplin Group , The Black and White Years , Kenny Wayne Shepherd , Bamboo Shoots , the String Cheese Incident and The Gracious Few . They were also Chairman of the Board for Garageband.com , an internet music resource they co-founded in 1999 . As of 2015 , Harrison is the founder and chairperson of the board at RedCrow , which is a web based direct investment platform that connects financial and human capital to healthcare start-ups as `` a community who share knowledge , interest and passion for healthcare innovation . ''
Film work
Harrison , as a member of Talking Heads , is featured throughout the 1984 concert film Stop Making Sense , directed by Jonathan Demme . Also during the Talking Heads era , Harrison made cameo appearances as Billy Idol , Kid Creole and Prince look-alike lip-synchers in David Byrne 's 1986 film True Stories . Harrison also had a small part in the 2006 film The Darwin Awards as `` Guy in Bar No . 1 '' alongside John Doe of the band X .
Personal life
Harrison currently resides in Mill Valley , California . They have been married since the late 1980s and has three children .
Discography
Talking Heads
Solo albums
Singles
The Heads
Production
References
External links
Jerry Harrison Interview for the NAMM Oral History Program ( 2016 )
1949 births
Living people
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American keyboardists
American male guitarists
American new wave musicians
Record producers from Wisconsin
American rock guitarists
Guitarists from Wisconsin
Harvard University alumni
The Modern Lovers members
Musicians from Milwaukee
Sire Records artists
Talking Heads members
Shorewood High School ( Wisconsin ) alumni
Aleksandar Milenković ( , born 22 December 1967 ) is a Serbian cyclist , biathlete and cross-country skier . Milenković has competed at two Winter and one Summer Olympic Games representing Yugoslavia , Independent Olympic Participants and Serbia and Montenegro .
Olympic career
1992 Winter Olympics
At the 1992 Winter Olympics , Milenković represented Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and competed in cross-country skiing .
10 kilometres - 87th
30 kilometres - 80th
50 kilometres - 65th
10/15 kilometres Pursuit - 75th
1992 Summer Olympics
At the 1992 Summer Olympics , Milenković competed as Independent Olympic Participant in cycling .
Road Race - 42nd
100 kilometres Team Time Trial - 18th
2006 Winter Olympics
At the 2006 Winter Olympics , Milenković represented Serbia and Montenegro and competed in biathlon and cross-country skiing .
Biathlon
10 kilometres Sprint - 85th
20 kilometres - 85th
Cross-country skiing
Men 's 50 kilometres - DNF
References
1967 births
Living people
Serbian male biathletes
Serbian male cyclists
Serbian male cross-country skiers
Olympic cross-country skiers of Yugoslavia
Olympic cyclists as Independent Olympic Participants
Olympic biathletes of Serbia and Montenegro
Olympic cross-country skiers of Serbia and Montenegro
Cross-country skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Cyclists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Biathletes at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Belgrade
Funny Creatures Lane is the second album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle , released in 2002 .
Track list
My Memories ' Book
Locoweed
Wondermarsh
Mad House
Oui , c'est moi !
Floating Fraulein
Ectoplasmic Garden Party
The Stammering Ghost
Ultraviolet Lady Opera
Lord Hypnosis
Couple in Bed by a Green Flashing Light
The Wax-Dolls Parade
Line Up
Marco Fasolo – voice , guitar
Alessio Gastaldello – drums
Isacco Maretto – guitar , accordion
Nicola Crivellari – bass , guitar
References
2002 albums
Jennifer Gentle albums
Sir Henry Albert Skinner ( 20 May 1926 – 15 March 1986 ) was a British barrister and High Court judge who sat in the Queen 's Bench Division from 1980 until their death in 1986 .
References
Knights Bachelor
1986 deaths
Queen 's Bench Division judges
Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Members of Lincoln 's Inn
Alumni of St John 's College , Oxford
English Queen 's Counsel
Queen 's Counsel 1901–2000
1926 births
The men 's 800 metres event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 11 , 12 and 13 September 1979 .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Semifinals
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Córdoba Airport ( ) is an airport located from the central business district of the city of Córdoba , Spain . It is open to national and international traffic from countries signing the Schengen Agreement , where the AFIS service ( Aerodrome Flight Information Service ) is provided . For the most part , it is used by agricultural treatment companies , organ transfers to and from the transplant center to the Reina Sofía University Hospital , military flights , passenger charter flights , aerial photographs , piloting courses , skydiving schools and other aerial work .
History
In the late 1950s , various groups and individuals in Córdoba promoted a campaign for the construction of a commercial airport . The initiative received little interest from the Ministry of the Air Force . For this reason , the City council of Córdoba , under directives of the mayor Antonio Cruz Conde and the architect José Rebollo Dicenta , had to take charge of the funding . The project was approved by the Council of Ministers on September 14 , 1956 with the understanding that , once the works were completed , the airport would be transferred to the State .
The airport was inaugurated on May 25 , 1958 , although the air traffic authorization did not arrive until October . On November 5 , the first flight to Madrid with the Aviaco company took place , using a Heron twelve-seater four-engine plane , which would later be replaced by a DC-3 . The Córdoba-Jérez line was inaugurated in 1960 , although its low profitability forced the Córdoba City Council and the provincial council to pay half of the expenses to maintain it .
In 1965 , as indicated by the agreement for its construction , the airport became part of the State Heritage , being attached to the Ministry of the Air . After serious economic problems , the Aviaco company stopped operating at the airport in 1967 , although it returned to it two years later due to the subsidization of 60 % of the seats by the provincial council . However , in 1980 Aviaco definitively ended its commercial lines in Córdoba . That same year the expansion and remodeling of the terminal took place . In 1983 the Mallorcan company Air Condal began operating flights to Madrid and Palma de Mallorca , although they only operated for two years . In 1995 there was a further expansion of the runway .
For a short period , in 2008 , FlySur airline operated flights from this airport to Vigo , Barcelona , and Bilbao , being the only regular lines that left from it in a long time . Currently , the airline Trabajos Aéreos Espejo offers an air taxi service to many destinations .
Schedule
The airport 's operational hours are between 9 am and 8 pm . These hours are divided into two schedules , depending on the type of flight . For commercial flights it lists the `` hours of public use '' . These coincide with the hours of the AFIS service , from 12:00 pm to 3:00 pm from Monday to Friday . Commercial flights do not operate in the rest of the hours , called `` restricted use hours '' , though an extension may be requested .
Description
The airport has two runways : RWY03 measuring 2,076m by 45 meters , and RWY21 measuring 2,241m by 45m . It also features a platform of approximately 43,000 square meters . The passenger terminal is located on the ground floor of the main building and includes the departures , arrivals , cafeteria , services , and administration offices area . The airport also has a service building and a general aviation area , which has hangars , warehouses , and offices .
Traffic at the Córdoba airport consists mainly of general aviation flights . In 2008 , it managed 22,268 passengers , with a very marked seasonality in the summer months , making it one of the public airports in Spain with the lowest passenger traffic .
The airport does not have a major impact on the activity of the city of Córdoba or the province in general due to the absence of regular flights . It does have a high impact on the Reina Sofía University Hospital due to the number of transplants that are performed in this health center with organs delivered by air .
Improvements
On July 31 , 2007 , the mayor of Córdoba , Rosa Aguilar , together with the deputy mayor Rafael Blanco Perea , and the deputy mayor of urban planning in the Cordovan capital , met with representatives of AENA ( Aeropuertos Españoles y Navegación Aérea ) with the intention of expediting the proposals to expand the aviation compound located 6 kilometers southwest of Córdoba . The agreement consisted of a new platform , a new control tower , expanding the runway to 2,050 meters long from end to end ( 2,285 meters usable ) and 60 meters wide , and all the necessary facilities being operational within two years to house commercial flights . For this , AENA agreed to take charge of the appropriation of the surrounding land so that the work could be completed in the summer of 2009 .
In mid-June 2009 , over 50 % of the affected homes had been demolished and the provisional control tower was completely finished and awaiting the hiring of air traffic controllers . During the month of August 2010 , the runway was closed for expansion , with limited helicopter access . After the completion of the runway expansion works , the dimensions of the strip were 2,410 meters long and 300 wide . In December 2014 the Court of Auditors of the European Union recognized that money has been squandered in the expansion of several airports in Spain , and among them the Cordovan airport was listed as an example . The expansion project estimated a total of 179,000 annual travelers but in 2014 only 7,000 used it .
Statistics
External links
Córdoba Airport ( official site )
References
Airports in Andalusia
Province of Córdoba ( Spain )
Tha Maka ( , ) is the southeasternmost district ( amphoe ) of Kanchanaburi province , central Thailand .
Geography
Neighbouring districts are ( from the west clockwise ) Tha Muang , Phanom Thuan of Kanchanaburi Province , Song Phi Nong of Suphanburi province , Kamphaeng San of Nakhon Pathom province , and Ban Pong of Ratchaburi province .
The important water resource is the Mae Klong River .
History
Tha Maka was originally part of Ratchaburi Province , and named Lat Bua Khao ( ลาดบัวขาว ) . In 1903 it was renamed Phra Thaen ( พระแท่น ) , In 1917 it received its current name , Tha Maka . In 1937 the district was reassigned to Kanchanaburi , with only the sub-district Lat Bua Khao changed to Ban Pong and remaining in Ratchaburi .
Administration
The district is divided into 17 sub-districts ( tambons ) , which are further subdivided into 153 villages ( mubans ) . Tha Ruea Phra Thaen is a town ( thesaban mueang ) and covers tambon Tha Ruea and parts of Takhram En . There are five townships ( thesaban tambons ) in the district . There are 15 tambon administrative organizations ( TAO ) .
References
External links
http : //www.thamaka.com Website of district
amphoe.com
Tha Maka
Danielewicz is a Polish-language surname originated in the noble Danielewicz family . It is of patronymic origin , meaning descendants of Daniel or Danilo . Notable people with this surname include :
Ludomir Danilewicz ( 1905-1960 ) , Polish engineer
, Polish military commander , head of the post-WWII anti-Communist resistance militia , National Military Union ( NZW )
( 1927-2013 ) , Polish sculptor
Wincenty Danilewicz ( 1787–1878 ) , Napoleonic cavalryman
See also
Danielewicz families
Danilowicz
Danielewicz
Danilevich
Ostoja Danielewicz
Polish-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
de : Danilewicz
A. Keith Bissell ( born December 3 , 1941 ) is a Tennessee politician who served in the Tennessee House of Representatives and was the last chairperson of the Tennessee Public Service Commission .
Early life and education
Keith Bissell was born December 3 , 1941 , to Alvin K. Bissell and Helen Tilley Bissell . They grew up in Oak Ridge , Tennessee , the newly established Manhattan Project community to which their family moved in 1943 and where their father was mayor for many years . They graduated from Oak Ridge High School in 1959 and attended the University of Tennessee , where they received a bachelor 's degree in business administration and later a law degree .
Tennessee House of Representatives
A Democrat , Keith Bissell won election to the Tennessee House of Representatives in 1970 as a resident of Oak Ridge , representing the 33rd District in the 87th General Assembly ( 1971–1972 ) . They were re-elected to three two-year terms in 1972 , 1974 , and 1976 , and continued their House services in the 88th through 90th General Assemblies .
Tennessee Public Service Commission
Keith Bissell was first elected to statewide office as a member of the Tennessee Public Service Commission ( PSC ) in 1978 , representing East Tennessee . They won re-election in 1984 and 1990 and served on the PSC for over 17 years , until resigning May 10 , 1996 , shortly before the PSC 's abolition at the end of June 1996 . During most of their PSC tenure , they were chairperson of the three-member commission .
Congressional campaign
After incumbent Marilyn Lloyd announced that they would not seek re-election in 1988 , Bissell campaigned to become that year 's Democratic nominee for the U.S. House of Representatives in Tennessee 's 3rd congressional district , but they ended their campaign after Lloyd changed their mind and decided to run again .
References
1941 births
Living people
People from Oak Ridge , Tennessee
Members of the Tennessee House of Representatives
Tennessee Democrats
University of Tennessee alumni
Mertansine , also called DM1 ( and in some of its forms emtansine ) , is a thiol-containing maytansinoid that for therapeutic purposes is attached to a monoclonal antibody through reaction of the thiol group with a linker structure to create an antibody-drug conjugate ( ADC ) .
ADCs with this design include trastuzumab emtansine , lorvotuzumab mertansine , and cantuzumab mertansine . Some are still experimental ; others are in regular clinical use .
Mechanism of action
Mertansine is a tubulin inhibitor , meaning that it inhibits the assembly of microtubules by binding to tubulin ( at the rhizoxin binding site ) .
The monoclonal antibody binds specifically to a structure ( usually a protein ) occurring in a tumour , thus directing mertansine into this tumour . This concept is called targeted therapy .
Uses and chemistry
The following ( experimental ) drugs are antibody-drug conjugates ( ADC ) combining monoclonal antibodies with mertansine as the cytotoxic component . Mertansine is linked via 4-mercaptovaleric acid .
ADCs include :
Bivatuzumab mertansine
Cantuzumab mertansine
Lorvotuzumab mertansine ( IMGN901 ) for CD56 positive cancers , for example multiple myeloma
Emtansine
DM1 can also be linked via a more complicated structure – 4- ( 3-mercapto-2,5-dioxo-1-pyrrolidinylmethyl ) -cylohexanecarboxylic acid or SMCC – , in which case the International Nonproprietary Name of the conjugate formed contains the word emtansine . The abbreviation comes from the chemical designation `` succinimidyl-trans-4- ( maleimidylmethyl ) cyclohexane-1-carboxylate '' which is used in the primary literature as well as by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) despite the fact that the linker contains only one imide group according to the WHO .
DM1 and its attachment via these linkers result from ImmunoGen Inc research .
An example is :
Trastuzumab emtansine ( T-DM1 ) , an anti-HER2/neu antibody-drug conjugate
References
Experimental cancer drugs
The Smethwick Engine is a Watt steam engine made by Boulton and Watt , which was installed near Birmingham , England , and was brought into service in May 1779 . Now at Thinktank , Birmingham Science Museum , it is the oldest working steam engine and the oldest working engine in the world .
History
Originally , it was one of two steam engines used to pump water back up to the summit level of the BCN Old Main Line ( Birmingham Canal ) canal at Smethwick , not far from the Soho Foundry where it was made . The other engine , also built by Boulton and Watt , was at the other end of the summit level at Spon Lane . In 1804 a second Boulton and Watt engine was added alongside the 1779 engine .
The engines were needed because local water sources were insufficient to supply water to operate the six locks either side of the canal 's original summit . The locks could have been avoided if a tunnel had been built , but the ground was too unstable for James Brindley to build a tunnel using the techniques available at the time . In the 1780s , a cutting was constructed by John Smeaton , enabling three of the six locks on each side to be removed .
In the 1820s , Thomas Telford constructed a new canal parallel to the old in a deeper cutting , at the Birmingham Level , creating the largest human-made earthworks in the world at the time . It was spanned by the Galton Bridge . The engine was still needed , despite both these developments , and Thomas Telford constructed the Engine Arm Aqueduct carrying the Engine Arm branch canal over their New Main Line so that coal could still be transported along the arm to feed the Smethwick Engine .
In 1892 , a replacement engine was built in a new pumping house , now Grade II listed , next to Brasshouse Lane , as the original Smethwick Engine was considered uneconomic to repair ; the latter was removed for preservation in 1897–98 to the BCN , later British Waterways , Ocker Hill depot where it remained until acquired by Birmingham City Council . It is now part of the collection of Birmingham Museums and is on display at Thinktank , Birmingham Science Museum at Millennium Point . It is the oldest working engine in the world .
The engine house was demolished in 1897 . Its original site and foundations can still be seen on Bridge Street North in Smethwick , just north of the junction with Rolfe Street . Tours of the site can be arranged through the Galton Valley Canal Heritage Centre which is based in the New Smethwick Pumping Station and regularly opened by Sandwell Museum Service and The Friends of Galton Valley .
The pumping station was featured in an episode of The Water Boatman presented by Alan Herd on the Discovery Shed TV channel in November 2011 .
Points of interest
See also
Canals of the United Kingdom
History of the British canal system
Old Bess ( beam engine ) – the oldest surviving Watt steam engine
References
Birmingham 's Canals , Ray Shill , 1999 , 2002 ,
External links
Model of the Smethwick Engine
The Smethwick Engine at Thinktank , Birmingham science museum
Preserved beam engines
Transport in Sandwell
Birmingham Canal Navigations
Engine
Collection of Thinktank , Birmingham
1779 in England
1779 in science
History of the steam engine
Industrial Revolution
James Watt
The 22863 / 64 Howrah–SMVT Bengaluru AC Superfast Express is a Superfast Express express train of the AC Express series belonging to Indian Railways – South Eastern Railway zone that runs between and Sir M. Visvesvaraya Terminal , Bengaluru in India .
It operates as train number 22863 from Howrah Junction to Yesvantpur Junction and as train number 22864 in the reverse direction , serving the states of West Bengal , Odisha , Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu & Karnataka .
Coaches
The 22863 / 64 Howrah Junction – Sir M. Visvesvaraya Terminal AC Superfast Express has 10 AC 3 tier , 3 AC 2 Tier , 1 First Class AC Coach & 2 End on Generator coaches . It carries a pantry car .
As is customary with most train services in India , coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand .
EOG consists of Luggage and Generator coach
B consists of AC 3 Tier coach
PC consists of Pantry car coach
A consist of AC 2 Tier coach
H consists of First Class AC coach
Service
The 22863 Howrah Junction–Yesvantpur Junction AC Superfast Express covers the distance of in 29 hours ( 67.00 km/hr ) & in 29 hours 05 mins as 22864 Yesvantpur Junction–Howrah Junction AC Superfast Express ( 67.00 km/hr ) .
As the average speed of the train is above , as per Indian Railways rules , its fare includes a Superfast surcharge .
Routeing
The 22863 / 64 Howrah–SMVT Bengaluru AC Superfast Express runs from
Traction
As the route is electrified , a Santragachi Loco Shed WAP-4 powers the train up to its destination .
Operation
22863 Howrah Junction–SMVT Bengaluru AC Superfast Express leaves Howrah Junction every Monday & arriving Yesvantpur Junction on next day .
22864 SMVT Bengaluru–Howrah Junction AC Superfast Express leaves Yesvantpur Junction every Wednesday & arriving Howrah Junction on next day .
References
External links
22863 AC Express at India Rail Info
22864 AC Express at India Rail Info
Trains from Howrah Junction railway station
Transport in Bangalore
Rail transport in Howrah
AC Express ( Indian Railways ) trains
Rail transport in West Bengal
Rail transport in Odisha
Rail transport in Andhra Pradesh
Rail transport in Tamil Nadu
Rail transport in Karnataka
The women 's shot put at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome , Italy , at Stadio Olimpico on 2 September 1974 .
Medalists
Results
Final
2 September
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 11 athletes from 6 countries participated in the event .
( 3 )
( 1 )
( 2 )
( 1 )
( 1 )
( 3 )
References
Shot put
Shot put at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women 's athletics
The Amelia Frances Howard-Gibbon Illustrator 's Award was presented annually by the Canadian Library Association/Association canadienne des bibliothèques ( CLA ) to an outstanding illustrator of a new Canadian children 's book . The book must be `` suitable for children up to and including age 12 '' and its writing `` must be worthy of the book 's illustrations '' . The illustrator must be a citizen or permanent resident . The prize is a plaque and $ 1000 presented at the CLA annual conference . The medal commemorates and the award is dedicated to schoolteacher and artist Amelia Frances Howard-Gibbon who taught academics as well as art to Ontario schoolchildren in the 1860s and early 1870s . Them best-known work An Illustrated Comic Alphabet was published in 1966 by Henry Z. Walck in New York City and Oxford University Press in Toronto .
Winners
The award has been presented to one illustrator for one book every year from 1971 .
The writer is listed here ( `` by '' or `` retold by '' ) if distinct from the illustrator and the text was original . Otherwise the text was written by the illustrator or was not original ( `` anthology '' ) .
1971 - Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver , The Wind Has Wings : poems from Canada , anthology
1972 - Shizuye Takashima , A Child in Prison Camp , biography ,
1973 - Jacques de Roussan , Au-Delà du Soleil / Beyond the Sun ( bi-lingual )
1974 - William Kurelek , A Prairie Boy 's Winter
1975 - Carlo Italiano , The Sleighs of My Childhood
1976 - William Kurelek , A Prairie Boy 's Summer
1977 - Pam Hall , Down by Jim Long 's Stage : rhymes for children and young fish , by Al Pittman
1978 - Elizabeth Mrazik-Cleaver , The Loon 's Necklace , retold by William Toye
1979 - Ann Blades , A Salmon for Simon , by Betty Waterton
1980 - László Gál , The Twelve Dancing Princesses , retold by Janet Lunn
1981 - Douglas Tait , The Trouble with Princesses , by Christie Harris
1982 - Heather Woodall , Ytek and the Arctic Orchid : an Inuit legend , by Garnet Hewitt
1983 - Lindee Climo , Chester 's Barn
1984 - Ken Nutt , Zoom at Sea , by Tim Wynne-Jones
1985 - Ian Wallace , Chin Chiang and the Dragon 's Dance
1986 - Ken Nutt , Zoom Away , by Tim Wynne-Jones
1987 - Marie-Louise Gay , Moonbeam on a Cat 's Ear
1988 - Marie-Louise Gay , Rainy Day Magic
1989 - Kim LaFave , Amos 's Sweater , by Janet Lunn
1990 - Kady MacDonald Denton , 'Til All the Stars Have Fallen : Canadian poems for children , anthology
1991 - Paul Morin , The Orphan Boy , by Tololwa M. Mollel
1992 - Ron Lightburn , Waiting for the Whales , by Sheryl McFarlane
1993 - Paul Morin , The Dragon 's Pearl , by Julie Lawson
1994 - Leo Yerxa , Last Leaf , First Snowflake to Fall , poetry
1995 - Barbara Reid , Gifts , by Jo Ellen Bogart
1996 - Karen Reczuch , Just Like New , by Ainslie Manson
1997 - Harvey Chan , Ghost Train , by Paul Yee
1998 - Barbara Reid , The Party
1999 - Kady MacDonald Denton , A Child 's Treasury of Nursery Rhymes , anthology
2000 - Zhong-Yang Huang , The Dragon New Year : A Chinese Legend , by Dave Bouchard
2001 - Laura Fernandez and Rick Jacobson , The Magnificent Piano Recital , by Marilynn Reynolds
2002 - Frances Wolfe , Where I Live
2003 - Pascal Milelli , The Art Room , by Susan Vande Griek
2004 - Bill Slavin , Stanley 's Party , by Linda Bailey
2005 - Wallace Edwards , Monkey Business
2006 - Leslie Elizabeth Watts , The Baabaasheep Quartet
2007 - Mélanie Watt , Scaredy Squirrel
2008 - Mélanie Watt , Chester
2009 - Dušan Petričić , Mattland , by Hazel Hutchins and Gail Hebert
2010 - Barbara Reid , Perfect Snow
2011 - Marie-Louise Gay , Roslyn Rutabaga and the Biggest Hole on Earth !
2012 - Matthew Forsythe , My Name is Elizabeth , by Annika Dunklee
2013 - Soyeon Kim , You are Stardust , by Elin Kelsey
2014 - Jon Klassen , The Dark , by Lemony Snicket
2015 - Marie-Louise Gay , Any Questions ?
2016 - Sydney Smith , Sidewalk Flowers by JonArno Lawson
Repeat winners
Marie-Louise Gay has won the Illustrator 's Award four times from 1987 , most recently in 2015 . Several others have won it twice .
Winners of multiple awards
Nine books won both this CLA Illustrator 's Award and the Governor General 's Award for English-language children 's illustration ( or Canada Council Children 's Literature Prize before 1987 ) . The illustrators and CLA award dates were Blades 1979 , Gál 1980 , Woodall 1982 , ( now under the `` Governor General 's Awards '' name ) Gay 1988 , LaFave 1989 , Morin 1991 , Lightburn 1992 , Reid 1998 , and Denton 1999 .
See also
CLA Book of the Year for Children Award
ALA Caldecott Medal
British Greenaway Medal
References
External links
Book Awards at the Canadian Library Association ( cla.org )
Canadian art awards
Canadian children 's literary awards
Illustrated book awards
Awards established in 1971
1971 establishments in Canada
The 1985 Big East men 's basketball tournament took place at Madison Square Garden in New York City , from March 6 to March 9 , 1985 . Its winner received the Big East Conference 's automatic bid to the 1985 NCAA Tournament . It is a single-elimination tournament with four rounds . St. John 's had the best regular season conference record and received the # 1 seed .
Georgetown defeated St. John 's in the championship game 92–80 , to claim its second straight Big East Tournament championship , and fourth overall .
Bracket
First round summary
Quarterfinals summary
Semifinals summary
Championship game summary
Awards
Most Valuable Player : Patrick Ewing , Georgetown
All Tournament Team
Rafael Addison , Syracuse
Patrick Ewing , Georgetown
Michael Jackson , Georgetown
Bill Martin , Georgetown
Chris Mullin , St. John 's
Ed Pinckney , Villanova
References
External links
Tournament
Big East men 's basketball tournament
Basketball in New York City
College sports in New York City
Sports competitions in New York City
Sports in Manhattan
Big East men 's basketball tournament
Big East men 's basketball tournament
1980s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
The treasurer of the United States is an official in the United States Department of the Treasury who has direct oversight over the United States Mint and Fort Knox , and is a key liaison with the Federal Reserve . The treasurer serves as a senior advisor to the secretary of the treasury in the areas of community development and public engagement .
The treasurer is the depositary officer of the United States with regard to deposits of gold , Special Drawing Rights , and financial gifts to the Library of Congress . Officeholder along with the treasury secretary must sign Federal Reserve notes before they can become legal tender .
The current treasurer is Marilynn Malerba , who is the first Native American to hold the post .
History
On July 29 , 1775 , the Second Continental Congress created the Treasury Office for the purpose of managing revolutionary war finances . Congress selected both George Clymer and Michael Hillegas to serve jointly as the United Colonies Treasurers . However , on August 6 , 1776 , Clymer resigned from the post making Hillegas the sole officeholder . The position received its current name in 1777 , while Hillegas was still in office .
Georgia Neese Clark Gray became treasurer on June 21 , 1949 , making them the first woman to hold the office . Since then , every subsequent treasurer has been a woman , and seven of the past eleven treasurers have also been Hispanic , starting with Romana Acosta Bañuelos , who became the first person of color to hold the position .
Treasurer assigned ceremonial supervision of the United States Savings Bonds Division ( now the Savings Bond Marketing Office within the Bureau of the Public Debt ) since 1979 , and Bureau of Engraving and Printing and the United States Mint since 1981 , with both agencies directors reported directly to the treasurer , who then reported to the deputy secretary of the treasury . Office of the Treasurer has been dropped off these formal oversight duties in 2002 after another major reorganization . Officeholder currently advises the director of the United States Mint , the director of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing , the secretary , and the deputy secretary of the treasury on matters relating to coinage , currency , and the production of other instruments by the United States .
The requirement of the United States Senate confirmation for the appointment was dropped in August 2012 .
In the last 60+ years , since the resignation of Elizabeth Rudel Smith , the length of time the office has been vacant totals more than 4,700 days , nearly thirteen years , while in the 170+ years prior to that , such time totaled less than a year .
List of treasurers
See also
Register of the Treasury
References
External links
United States Department of the Treasury
1777 establishments in the United States
Kay Carberry , ( born 19 October 1950 ) is the former Assistant General Secretary of the British Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) .
Carberry studied at the Royal Naval School Tal-Handaq in Malta , then at the University of Sussex . They worked as a teacher for three years , and became active in the National Union of Teachers ( NUT ) , where they took employment as a researcher . They began working for the TUC in 1978 , and in 1988 was appointed as the first head of its Equal Rights Department . In 2003 , they were appointed to the vacant post of Assistant General Secretary of the TUC .
Carberry has held a number of other posts . They were a commissioner on the Equality and Human Rights Commission , and the Equal Opportunities Commission . They are a commissioner of the Low Pay Commission , a board member of Transport for London , a trustee of the People 's History Museum , a director of TU Fund Managers , an alternate member of The Takeover Panel and an honorary fellow of St Hugh 's College Oxford .
In 2007 , Carberry was appointed a CBE . They retired from the TUC in 2016 .
References
|-
1950 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Sussex
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British trade union leaders
Women trade unionists
The 2018 Peru International is a badminton tournament which takes place at Villa Deportiva Nacional in Peru from 26 June to 1 July 2018 and had a total purse of $ 10,000 .
Tournament
The 2018 Peru International is the thirteenth tournament of the 2018 BWF International Series and also part of the Peru International championships which has been held since 1974 . This tournament was organized by the Federacion Deportiva Peruana de Badminton .
Venue
This international tournament holds at Villa Deportiva Nacional in Lima , Peru .
Point distribution
Below is the tables with the point distribution for each phase of the tournament based on the BWF points system for the BWF International Series event .
Prize money
The total prize money for this year tournament is US $ 10,000 . Distribution of prize money is in accordance with BWF regulations .
Men 's singles
Seeds
Kevin Cordón ( Champion )
Milan Ludik ( Semifinals )
Lino Muñoz ( Semifinals )
Osleni Guerrero ( Final )
Luis Ramón Garrido ( Second Round )
Leodannis Martínez ( Quarterfinals )
Artur Silva Pomoceno ( Second Round )
Job Castillo ( Quarterfinals )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women 's singles
Seeds
Daniela Macías ( Second Round )
Disha Gupta ( Semifinals )
Tahimara Oropeza ( Final )
Crystal Pan ( Champion )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Men 's doubles
Seeds
Job Castillo / Lino Muñoz ( Final )
Jonathan Solís / Rodolfo Ramírez ( Withdrew )
José Guevara / Daniel la Torre Regal ( Quarterfinals )
Osleni Guerrero / Leodannis Martínez ( Semifinals )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
Women 's doubles
Seeds
Daniela Macías / Dánica Nishimura ( Champions )
Ines Castillo / Paula la Torre Regal ( Final )
Finals
Mixed doubles
Seeds
Daniel la Torre Regal / Dánica Nishimura ( Semifinals )
Leodannis Martínez / Tahimara Oropeza ( Final )
Artur Silva Pomoceno / Fabiana Silva ( Champions )
Diego Mini / Paula la Torre Regal ( Quarterfinals )
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Tournament Link
Peru International
2018 in Peruvian sport
Badminton in Peru
Peru International
Hurricane Caroline was one of two tropical cyclones to affect northern Mexico during the 1975 Atlantic hurricane season . The third named storm and second hurricane of the season , Caroline developed on August 24 north of the Dominican Republic . The system crossed Cuba and briefly degenerated into a tropical wave due to land interaction . However , upon emergence into the western Caribbean Sea , it was once again designated as a tropical depression after a well-defined circulation was observed on satellite imagery . Moving towards the west-northwest , the cyclone clipped the northern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula before entering the Gulf of Mexico . Caroline was upgraded to a tropical storm on August 29 in the central Gulf of Mexico before rapid intensification began . Early on August 31 , Caroline reached its peak intensity with winds of 115 mph ( 185 km/h ) , before landfall south of Brownsville , Texas with winds of 105 mph ( 165 km/h ) shortly thereafter . After moving inland , Caroline quickly weakened and dissipated over the mountainous terrain of northeastern Mexico on September 1 . There were only two deaths from Caroline , both indirect . However , there was heavy rainfall in southern Texas and Mexico , including almost at Port Isabel .
Meteorological history
A tropical wave exited the west coast of Africa on August 15 and rapidly moved westward at 17 mph ( 28 km/h ) along the Intertropical Convergence Zone ( ITCZ ) . On August 18 , the system turned northeast away from the ITCZ and slowed by the time it was 600 miles ( 965 km ) northeast of Puerto Rico . On August 22 and 23 , the system changed course for the second time as it turned to the southwest . By noon on August 24 , satellite imagery showed the disturbance establishing a closed area of circulation with winds reaching 25 mph ( 40 km/h ) and the barometric pressure falling to . The disturbance then became Tropical Depression Five as it neared northeastern Cuba and southeastern Bahamas . It crossed Cuba where it momentarily weakened back to a tropical wave . The cyclone then regained tropical depression status on August 27 as it continued westward into the Gulf of Mexico .
After brushing the northeastern tip of the Yucatán Peninsula , Tropical Depression Five continued to move west at 8 mph ( 13 km/h ) as the storm entered an area favorable for intensification . On August 29 , the tropical system strengthened to a tropical storm and was named Caroline by the National Hurricane Center . By that time the storm was only east-southeast of Brownsville , Texas . Caroline 's forward speed slowed to 5 mph ( 8 km/h ) while intensifying and on the same day , Caroline was upgraded to hurricane status . Before making landfall , two hurricane hunter aircraft 's flew into Caroline 's center on August 30 , where data collected from the aircraft showed a barometric pressure reading of and winds of 80 mph ( 130 km/h ) . Six hours later the hurricane rapidly intensified , with winds reaching 115 mph ( 185 km/h ) and the pressure dropping to . The pressure then fell to before the storm made landfall 100 miles ( 160 km ) south of Brownsville on August 31 . Caroline rapidly weakened to a tropical depression twelve hours after landfall and dissipated on September 1 over northeastern Mexico .
Experiments
Two National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) Research planes conducted experiments into Caroline . The experiments were to study and measure the wind velocity and the environment inside and around the eye as well as the boundary layer of the hurricane . The results of the experiments concluded that Caroline had a higher dissipation rate than normal hurricanes , with the dissipating rate averaging at 30 % . This conclusion suggested that energy in a hurricane dissipating internally above the surface layer is two times higher than energy dissipating at the surface .
Preparations and impact
Caroline brushed the southeastern Bahamas and made landfall in eastern Cuba as a tropical depression though its effects , if any , are unknown .
The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane watch for coastal sections of south Texas and northern Mexico on August 30 . Small water craft were also advised of the deteriorating conditions . In Texas , local officials in Cameron County opened storm shelters . Relief and clean up organizations were notified of the upcoming threat while several local oil rigs evacuated personnel . In addition , relief squads from the American Red Cross moved to South Texas in case the storm made landfall . Neil Frank , the director of the National Hurricane Center advised campers along the beaches to evacuate , stating that `` he does n't want them trapped '' .
Due to Caroline 's compact size , sustained winds only reached 48 mph ( 78 km/h ) in Brownsville , Texas . The storm also dropped heavy rain the southern portion of the state , as much as 11.93 in ( 302 mm ) in Port Isabel . In Brownsville , Caroline broke a record for most rainfall within a 24-hour period during the month of August . The rainfall caused minor flooding . This helped end a prolonged drought in the Rio Grande Valley . It canceled most of the Labor Day holiday season for South Padre Island , one of the busiest weekends for tourism on the island . Caroline also produced storm tides 1–4 feet ( 0.3-1.2 m ) above normal along coastal sections of southern Texas . Overall damage in southern Texas was minor , and there were two indirect fatalities due to drowning incidents in Galveston .
In Mexico , coastal residents evacuated to storm shelters south of Tampico . Elsewhere , 300 residents were evacuated to storm shelters in Soto la Marina 55 miles ( 88 km ) from Santa Rosa . In northeast Mexico , 150 residents evacuated to shelters in San Fernando , 85 miles ( 137 km ) south of Brownsville . The storm produced 10 feet ( 3 m ) storm tides to coastal sections of Mexico and 5-10 in ( 127–254 mm ) of rain to inland areas . The rainfalls caused moderate flooding which caused 1,000 people to evacuate and left moderate damage to homes and businesses . The rains broke an eight-month drought that was affecting inland areas of northern Mexico that was affecting the area 's corn production . Along the coast , several small villages sustained significant damage from the hurricane 's storm surge .
See also
List of Texas hurricanes
Hurricane Allen
References
External links
Movie of a reconnaissance flight into Caroline
Caroline
Caroline ( 1975 )
Caroline
Caroline
1975 in Mexico
1975 natural disasters in the United States
Werner Rataiczyk ( 23 June 1921 – 3 January 2021 ) was a German painter .
Biography
After an apprenticeship as a graphic designer and illustrator , Rataiczyk fought for Nazi Germany in North Africa and Italy . After World War II , they were a British prisoner of war until 1947 when they began studying at the Burg Giebichenstein School of Art and Design . After graduation , they joined the Verband Bildender Künstler der DDR .
In the 1950s , Rataiczyk began the practice of abstract art , which went along with the culture of East Germany . In 1952 , they married the artist , with whom they had two children , Matthias and Marcella . In the 1960s and 70s , they worked on lithography , starting their own lithographic workshop . They also designed stained glass windows for Catholic and Protestant churches , as well as secular buildings .
Werner Rataiczyk died in Halle on 3 January 2021 at the age of 99 .
References
1921 births
2021 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the United Kingdom
People from Eisleben
German abstract artists
German lithographers
German stained glass artists and manufacturers
German military personnel of World War II
21st-century German painters
21st-century German male artists
No . 251 Squadron was a Royal Air Force Squadron which operated during the First World War and the Second World War . The Squadron was disbanded in 1945 and remains inactive .
History
No . 251 Squadron RAF was first formed in August 1918 from Nos . 504 , 505 , 506 and 510 ( Special Duty ) Flights based at Hornsea but operating from Atwick , RAF Greenland Top/Stallingborough ) and Owthorne . The Squadron flew anti-submarine patrols on the coast of Yorkshire for the remainder of World War I and was then disbanded on 30 June 1919 .
No . 251 Squadron was then reborn after No . 1407 ( Meteorological ) Flight , stationed at Reykjavík , was renumbered for air-sea rescues on 1 August 1944 .
1407 Flight was formed in October 1941 , receiving Lockheed Hudson aircraft in April 1942 . The number of aircraft was expanded in November with more Hudsons and a few Handley Page Hampdens . The latter were replaced with Lockheed Venturas in 1943 .
The new Squadron also operated as Meteorological Reconnaissance until it was finally disbanded in October 1945 .
Aircraft Used
During its first time in operation , the Squadron flew :
Airco DH.6 .
During its second time in operation , the Squadron flew :
Avro Anson ( August 1944 - October 1945 )
Lockheed Ventura ( August 1944 - October 1944 )
Lockheed Hudson ( August 1944 - August 1945 )
Boeing Fortress II ( March 1945 - October 1945 )
Vickers Warwick ( August 1945 - October 1945 )
See also
List of Royal Air Force aircraft squadrons
References
External links
251 Squadrons
Cameron Tatum ( born July 20 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player for Renata Basquete/Rio Claro Basquete of the Novo Basquete Brasil ( NBB ) .
References
External links
at NBADraft.net
at ESPN.com
at FIBA.com
at Eurobasket.com
at UTSports.com
at aba-liga.com
1988 births
Living people
ABA League players
AEK Larnaca B.C . players
American expatriate basketball people in Brazil
American expatriate basketball people in Cyprus
American expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in the Dominican Republic
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
Bakersfield Jam players
Guaiqueríes de Margarita players
KK Mornar Bar players
Small forwards
Basketball players from Miami
Tennessee Volunteers basketball players
Turów Zgorzelec players
American men 's basketball players
United States gubernatorial elections were held in 1805 , in 13 states .
Eight governors were elected by popular vote and five were elected by state legislatures .
Results
See also
1805 United States elections
References
Notes
Bibliography
Stepping Stones Museum for Children is a hands-on children 's museum for ages 10 and under located at 303 West Avenue , in the Central section of Norwalk , Connecticut .
The museum 's interactive exhibit areas include : `` Energy Lab '' ; a `` Multimedia Gallery '' with a theater , a state-of-the-art broadcast studio , and an -by -- foot high-definition screen ; Exhibits include `` Healthyville '' , about bodies and healthy living ; `` Tot Town '' , an exploration area just for toddlers ; `` Family and Teacher Resource Center '' where parents , caregivers and teachers have access to information and programs about learning through play , early literacy , 21st century learning skills and the developmental needs of young children , helping them to facilitate a child 's learning – at home or at school .
The entrance lobby houses ColorCoaster , a kinetic sculpture designed by artist George Rhoads .
The garden features three Kinetic Energy Sculptures designed by Beinfield Architecture , which use local solar , wind and water energy to delight and instruct museum-goers . This colorful set of kinetic sculptures demonstrate simple principles of energy generation while creating percussive music .
In 2011 the museum received LEED Gold Certification . Recognized by the Governor of Connecticut as one of the first projects in the state to achieve LEED Gold status . The design employs a range of solutions , from energy efficiency and use of alternative energy sources , to ensuring healthy indoor air quality and water conservation . Each element was harnessed to enhance the educational mission of the museum .
The museum is located in Mathews Park , adjacent to the Lockwood–Mathews Mansion , the Center for Contemporary Printmaking , a gallery and studio for printmaking , and Devon 's Place , a playground designed for all children to play together , including those with physical , sensory and mental challenges .
History
Stepping Stones was founded in 2000 by Gigi Priebe . In its first 10 years of operation , the museum received two million visits .
The museum underwent a $ 17 million renovation in 2010 , which closed Stepping Stones from August 17 to late November ( with a `` grand reopening '' on November 20 ) and resulted in a expansion , roughly doubling the indoor space of the facility . The project , designed by Beinfield Architecture , enhanced the Museum with a natural , energy-efficient work environment . The project utilized recycled from locally-sourced materials and included the construction of a forty-foot screen multi-media theatre and communication facility , an interior telescope for viewing rooftop plant and animal life , and three garden “ follies ” utilizing solar , wind and water energy .
The museum received LEED Gold status in 2011 , as well as Green Advocate and Merit awards from The Connecticut Green Building Council , citing the project team 's “ commitment to sustainability from the outset , an attitude that clearly impacted every decision , from design through construction and beyond . The unique function of the institution as a children 's museum also offers the opportunity to educate and energize young minds about these goals both during construction and on a daily functioning basis .
The building achieves a unique harmony between the site , the structure and the exhibits . Each element was harnessed to enhance the educational mission of the museum . ”
Notes
The renovation resulted in improvements to the Tot Town and Healthyville exhibits ; [ 3 ]
The `` Energy Lab '' exhibit replaced the `` Water Scape '' exhibit ; the `` Rainforest Adventure '' exhibit formerly a permanent installation will be housed in a wing for traveling exhibits .
See also
The Children 's Museum
Children 's Museum of Southeastern Connecticut
Connecticut Children 's Museum
Connecticut Science Center
Discovery Museum and Planetarium
Eli Whitney Museum
List of museums in Connecticut
Maritime Aquarium at Norwalk
References
External links
Stepping Stones Museum for Children
Children 's museums in Connecticut
Culture of Norwalk , Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Norwalk , Connecticut
Museums in Fairfield County , Connecticut
Tourist attractions in Norwalk , Connecticut
Today Is A Beautiful Day is the second studio album by Japanese J-pop band Supercell , released on March 16 , 2011 by SME . The album contains 13 music tracks written by Ryo , and sung by Nagi Yanagi , though officially Yanagi is not a member of Supercell . Five of the tracks were previously released on three of Supercell 's singles . Two different editions of the album were released : a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition . Today Is A Beautiful Day peaked at No . 3 on the Japanese Oricon weekly albums chart , and in July 2011 was awarded a Gold Disc by the Recording Industry Association of Japan for having exceeded 100,000 copies shipped in a single year .
Five of the songs were used as theme songs for various media : `` Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari '' was used as the ending theme to the 2009 anime television series Bakemonogatari ; `` Hero '' was the theme song to Shueisha 's manga magazine Aoharu , a special edition version of Young Jump ; `` Love & Roll '' was the theme song to the 2009 anime film Cencoroll ; `` Hoshi ga Matataku Konna Yoru ni '' was used as the ending theme to Type-Moon 's visual novel Mahōtsukai no Yoru ; and `` Utakata Hanabi '' was used as the 14th ending theme for the Naruto : Shippuden anime series .
Production
Up to and including the release of Supercell 's debut album Supercell ( 2009 ) , songwriter Ryo had been using the Vocaloid singing synthesizer software Hatsune Miku for the vocals of the songs they produced . In transitioning to a human singer , then 21-year-old singer Nagi Yanagi was approached by Ryo to sing the vocals for Supercell 's debut single `` Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari '' ( 2009 ) . Yanagi had previously submitted cover versions of songs to the Nico Nico Douga video sharing website under the name Gazelle , and Ryo had been a fan of their voice even before uploading their own songs to Nico Nico Douga in late 2007 . According to Ryo , other staff members wanted to try having all the songs on the album sung by different artists , but Ryo wanted them for the entire album . Thus , Supercell decided to stick with Yanagi as the vocalist for their second album . The album 's title was partially inspired by the 2010 film Confessions and its accompanying theme song `` Last Flower '' by Radiohead . Ryo was impressed by the melancholic feel of the song in a film that expresses the theme that `` life is wonderful '' , and they wanted to go with a title whose meaning would change depending on how it is perceived . In doing so , Ryo suggests that the title Today Is A Beautiful Day can be taken literally or sarcastically .
Composition
Ryo likes expressing human emotions in their music , so for Today Is A Beautiful Day , they wanted to combine feelings such as lifelong experiences and memories . They describe the process as expressing each memory as an individual story . Ryo composed the songs on the album around the idea of starting and ending with `` Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari '' ( literally : `` The Story You Do n't Know '' ) . As such , the second track on the album is `` Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari '' , and the final track `` Watashi e '' ( literally : `` To Me '' ) uses the same tune . For `` Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari '' , Ryo was offered to compose the ending theme song to the 2009 anime series Bakemonogatari . Ryo did not want to copy the tone or style of the original Bakemonogatari novels , because they felt the author Nisio Isin would enjoy the song more if it was more original . Thus , Ryo wrote a different story after borrowing the general setting of the novels . While creating the album , Ryo thought it would be interesting if the first song on the album was the end of the story . The album 's first track `` Owari e Mukau Hajimari no Uta '' ( literally : `` The First Song That Heads Toward the End '' ) was composed with the image of starting with a flashback scene , diving into the past , and once again returning to the present .
For `` Hero '' , Ryo was asked to compose a theme song for Shueisha 's manga magazine Aoharu , a special edition version of Young Jump . The artists whose manga would be serialized in Aoharu were asked to draw `` heros they think are cute , '' and Ryo was asked to compose the song with the same theme . Ryo thought of a boy aiming to be a manga artist as the song 's protagonist , and wrote it with the concept of wanting to support those who get victimized for being otaku . Since the song reflects different points of view between the protagonist and the hero , Nagi Yanagi switches their singing style from cool to cute sounding . Ryo describes `` Perfect Day '' with an image close to the album title and feels the song symbolizes the album . `` Perfect Day '' was born from the nuance that undoubtedly tomorrow will be a perfect day .
Ryo wrote the song `` Fukushū '' ( literally : `` Revenge '' ) with the theme of anger , and was influenced by `` Snow White '' to include a line in the song describing someone being told to wear red hot iron shoes and dance . Ryo wanted a song to describe emotions that would continue past adolescence , compared to the rest of the songs on the album . Yanagi found it difficult to capture the right emotions in the song . `` Rock 'n ' Roll Nan desu no '' ( literally : This Is Rock 'n ' Roll ) was composed with a strong drum component as the initial concept and Ryo wanted to create a song with a fast tempo and rock and roll nuance to it ; the song 's tempo is over 200 beats per minute . Ryo worked in collaboration with Yanagi to write the song based on the initial demo . Ryo did not initially intend on putting `` Love & Roll '' on the album , but others in the staff convinced them to include it .
For the middle of the album , Ryo wanted a lower tempo song with a different mood and composed `` Feel So Good '' based on this concept . When it was decided Ryo would compose the theme song to Type-Moon 's visual novel Mahōtsukai no Yoru , they first read the original novel by Kinoko Nasu the visual novel is based on to get a feel for the work . Ryo wrote `` Hoshi ga Matataku Konna Yoru ni '' ( literally : `` The Stars Twinkle on a Night Like This '' ) for the theme song , and there was not much trial and error in the composition of this song . Fireworks were an influence in the writing of `` Utakata Hanabi '' ( literally : `` Bubble Fireworks '' ) . Ryo wanted the song to reflect how fireworks , which are initially brilliant , are hard to vividly remember afterwards . `` Yoru ga Akeru yo '' ( literally : `` Dawn Will Break '' ) was the last song on the album Ryo composed , and was born from the feeling of lying in bed being unable to sleep . Ryo was inspired by the layout of the room where they work and how when dawn is breaking , the temperature slowly starts to rise , and a school near their home starts to bustle . Since `` Sayonara Memories '' was initially released in February 2010 , Ryo used that month as the song 's theme . They attempted to write a song that reflected February as the time of year in Japan when people are reminded of farewells they made the previous year , as well as the time when people think about meeting others for the first time . The last song `` Watashi e '' is meant to convey perseverance through tough times .
While Ryo writes all the music , an assortment of session musicians perform the songs on the album , including four guitarists and bassists , five drummers , three pianists , and a violinist . Ryo cites drummer Masayuki Muraishi as an influence in the composition of `` Rock 'n ' Roll Nan desu no '' ; Muraishi contributes on several songs on the album . In composing `` Feel So Good '' , Ryo employed bassist Kenji Hino , son of Terumasa Hino , after they became interested in a performance of their on a TV music program . Ryo felt using strings in `` Hoshi ga Matataku Konna Yoru ni '' was an essential part of the song ; Crusher Kimura provides the strings for three songs on the album . Haruko Ohinata is credited for the chorus of the song `` Utakata Hanabi '' . Today Is A Beautiful Day was mixed by Takeshi Hara , Yasuhisa Kataoka , Keiji Kondo , Masashi Kudo , Eiji Makino , Koji Morimoto , Okuda Supa , and Shuji Yamaguchi . Yuji Chinone provided the mastering .
Artwork
The limited edition of Today Is A Beautiful Day came bundled with a 36-page full-color illustration booklet titled Supercell Works 2 : 2009 Summer–2011 Spring . The booklet contains color illustrations for the songs , as well as comments by Ryo , Nagi Yanagi and the illustrators , an interview of Supercell members , and other details about the songs and artwork , including lyrics . The albums ' packaging , designed by Yoshiki Usa , includes the song lyrics and some of the illustrations featured in Supercell Works 2 . Each song is given an illustration by an artist , which include members outside of the band in addition to members of Supercell . These illustrators are listed below with the track listing . The cover art is by Shirow Miwa and shows a girl in a blue dress smiling in front of an assortment of flowers on a tan background . The limited edition came with a design case illustrated by Redjuice featuring a girl with luggage in tow in a rural setting walking next to an old-fashioned blue car .
Release and reception
Today Is A Beautiful Day was released on March 16 , 2011 in two editions : a regular CD version and a CD+DVD limited edition . The DVD contained an anime music video of the song `` Perfect Day '' . Also on the DVD are trailers for the anime film Cencoroll , the visual novel Mahōtsukai no Yoru , and Shueisha 's manga magazine Aoharu , as well as a commercial for `` Kimi no Shiranai Monogatari '' and the anime Bakemonogatari . For the week of March 14 , 2011 on Oricon 's weekly albums chart , Today Is A Beautiful Day was reported to have sold over 34,000 copies in its first week of sales , peaking at No . 3 , and charted for 42 weeks . In July 2011 , Today Is A Beautiful Day was awarded a Gold Disc by the Recording Industry Association of Japan for having exceeded 100,000 copies shipped in a single year .
Music video
The DVD bundled with the album 's limited edition included an anime music video of the song `` Perfect Day '' produced by Madhouse . It was directed by Ryōsuke Nakamura , with animation direction by Mieko Hosoi . The character design is based on original designs by Shirow Miwa . The video shows a girl with short , blue hair coming back to the town where they used to live . The girl reminisces about the time they spent with another girl with long , light brown hair years before when they were children . The two had fun around town , and during one day the wind blew the hat off the girl with brown hair . While walking around town , the two girls meet by chance , shocking both of them , but both are happy to each other again . The hat from years before lands in front of the blue-haired girl , much to their surprise , and they put it on . Contrails are mentioned twice in the song as a part of the chorus and images of them are seen throughout the video . Nakamura says the video is about life and dreams , and they used the song as inspiration to make the video as a side story to the song 's lyrics . They explain that the two girls are actually one person that chose different paths in life , and describes their chance meeting as a `` somewhat magical winter day . ''
Track listing
Personnel
Supercell
Ryo – writer
Shirow Miwa – cover illustration , illustrations
Redjuice – cover illustration , illustrations
Huke – illustrations
Yoshiki Usa – art direction , design
Additional musicians
Nagi Yanagi – vocals , chorus
Haruko Ohinata – chorus
Masato Ishinari – guitar , acoustic guitar
Yukio Nagoshi – guitar
Susumu Nishikawa – guitar
Okiya Okoshi – guitar
Kenji `` Jino '' Hino – bass
Chiharu Mikuzuki – bass
Yuichi Takama – bass
Hirō Yamaguchi – bass
Noriyasu `` Kaasuke '' Kawamura – drums
Masayuki Muraishi – drums , tambourine
Masuke Nozaki – drums
Jay Stixx – drums
Tom Tamada – drums
Makoto Minagawa – piano
Yasuharu Nakanishi – piano , Wurlitzer electric piano , electronic organ
Shunsuke Watanabe – piano
Crusher Kimura Strings – strings
Production
Shunsuke Muramatsu – executive producer
Takayuki Ishiyama – director
Eiichi Maruyama – director
Takeshi Hara – mixer
Yasuhisa Kataoka – mixer
Keiji Kondo – mixer
Masashi Kudo – mixer
Eiji `` Q '' Makino – mixer
Koji Morimoto – mixer
Okuda Supa – mixer
Shuji Yamaguchi – mixer
Yuji Chinone – mastering
Keiko Koishi – products coordination
Kumiko Torigoe – products coordination
Kosachi Hata – artist management
References
2011 albums
Supercell ( band ) albums
Japanese-language albums
Sony Music albums
Changi ( , also Romanized as Changī ) is a village in Hesar-e Amir Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,837 , in 507 families .
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Larissa Evangelista ( born ) is a Brazilian group rhythmic gymnast . They represented Brazil in international competitions . They competed at world championships , including at the 2005 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Baku , Azerbaijan .
References
1988 births
Living people
Brazilian rhythmic gymnasts
Place of birth missing ( living people )
In telecommunications , the Network Effectiveness Ratio ( NER ) measures the ability of a network to deliver a call to the called terminal . Busy signals and other call failure due to user behaviour are counted as `` successful call delivery '' for NER calculation purposes . Unlike ASR , NER excludes the effects of customer and terminal behaviour . NER is a measure of network quality defined by the ITU .
In general , the Network Effective Ratio is used to calculate the effectiveness of the internal interconnect routes .
See also
ASR : Answer/Nb Address Complete Message
ABR : Answer/Nb of Initial Address Message
References
Telephony
Frankie Duarte ( born September 3 , 1954 , in Santa Monica , California ) was an American boxer at Super Bantamweight .
Professional career
Frankie Duarte turned pro in 1973 and retired in 1989 after losing to Daniel Zaragoza in a WBC super bantamweight title challenge . They finished their career with a record of 47-8-1 .
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Boxers from California
Sportspeople from Santa Monica , California
American male boxers
Romantic Repertoire ( ; literally `` Opera Rouge '' ) is a 2015 Hong Kong romantic comedy television drama created and produced by TVB , starring Louise Lee , Moses Chan , Evergreen Mak , Joyce Koi Katy Kung , and Jason Chan . Filming took place from June till September 2014 . The drama aired on Hong Kong 's Jade and HD Jade channels March 30 till April 24 , 2015 every Monday through Friday during its 8:30-9:30 pm timeslot with a total of 20 episodes .
Romantic Repertoire is Moses Chan and Joyce Koi 's first collaboration in twelve years . The two first collaborated in TVB 's 2003 drama Better Halves ( 金牌冰人 ) .
Synopsis
Interior Designer Moon Sing-hong ( Moses Chan ) purchases a flat in anticipation of marrying their longtime girlfriend who is expected to be returning home soon after studying abroad . Without their knowledge or permission their older sister rents out their flat to popular Cantonese opera singer Kan Kit ( Joyce Koi ) . Unable to break the rental lease , Sing-hong uses all kinds of tactics to try to make Kan Kit move out but their manager Lin Sau-fong ( Louise Lee ) helps them stand firm . When Sing-hong 's best friend and business partner Tin Hak-kan ( Evergreen Mak ) , meets Kit they develop an instant attraction to them and ask Sing-hong to help them pursue Kit . In order to help their friend with love Sing-hong gets close to Kit to find out about their interests . The two soon work out their differences and become friends . However their typical life is turned upside down when Kit gets into a car accident and finds their biological mother , while Sing-hong finds out their longtime girlfriend has been living in Hong Kong all along with another man .
Cast
Lin family
Law Lok-lam as Lin Kei-keung ( 連其祥 )
Louise Lee as Lin Sau-fong ( 連秀芳 )
Katy Kung as Joe Hon ( 韓允兒 ; Hon Wan-yee )
Moon family
Moses Chan as Moon Sing-hong ( 滿承康 )
Angelina Lo as Moon Sing-oi ( 滿承愛 )
Kan family
Joyce Koi as Kan Kit ( 簡潔 )
Mary Hon as Yim Ka-lai ( 嚴嘉麗 )
Tin family
Evergreen Mak as Tin Hak-kan ( 田克勤 )
Yu Chi Ming as Tin Kam-fu ( 田錦富 )
Extended cast
Jason Chan as Angus Ma ( 馬一鳴 ; Maa Jat-ming )
Susan Tse as Wan Suet-yim ( 溫雪艷 )
Oceane Zhu as To Chi-chin ( 涂紫芊 )
Akina Hong as Lau Yi-ying ( 劉皚瑩 )
Rosanne Lui as Leung May-wah ( 梁美華 )
Henry Lo as Dai Wai ( 戴維 )
Owen Cheung as Zero Ko ( 高敏俊 ; Kou Man-zeon )
Mayanne Mak as Jessica Wong ( 王倩婷 ; Wong Sin-ting )
Pat Poon as Ho Suan-yun ( 何信源 )
Hero Yuen as Sing Mo ( 成武 )
Ronald Law as Chan Han ( 陳鏗 )
Gary Chan as Roger
Jack Hui as Sam
Kitty Lau as Lee Wan-wai ( 李雲慧 )
Aaryn Cheung as Gan Hok-lai ( 靳學禮 )
Eddie Ho as Chung Bong ( 宗邦 )
Chan Min Leung as Lau Kau ( 劉球 )
Chiu Shek Man as Law Ja ( 羅渣 )
Koo Koon Chung as Tou Ho-kam ( 土豪金 )
Stephen Ho as Ko Fan ( 高凡 )
Suet Nei as Ko Fan 's mother ( 高凡之母 )
Choi Kwok Hing as Mr. Sun ( 辛先生 ; Sun sensan )
Lily Li as Sister Lei ( 麗姐 ; Lei jie )
Development
The sales presentation clip presented in October 2013 for the `` 2014 Sales Presentation '' featured Wayne Lai in the lead actor role .
The costume fitting ceremony was held on June 24 , 2014 12:30 pm at Tseung Kwan O TVB City Studio One .
The blessing ceremony took place on July 16 , 2014 4:00 pm at Tseung Kwan O TVB City Middle Park .
Filming of the drama began in June 2014 and ended in September 2014 .
Viewership Ratings
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Official website
TVB dramas
2015 Hong Kong television series debuts
2015 Hong Kong television series endings
Cineraria canescens is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae , native to southern Africa ( Namibia and South Africa ) . It was first described in 1822 .
References
canescens
Flora of Southern Africa
Plants described in 1822
SMS Karlsruhe was a light cruiser of the built by the German Kaiserliche Marine ( Imperial Navy ) . They had one sister ship , ; the ships were very similar to the previous s. The ship was laid down in 1911 , launched in November 1912 , and completed by January 1914 . Armed with twelve 10.5 cm SK L/45 guns , Karlsruhe had a top speed of , which allowed them to escape from British cruisers during their career .
After their commissioning , Karlsruhe was assigned to overseas duties in the Caribbean . They arrived in the area in July 1914 , days before the outbreak of World War I . Once the war began , they armed the passenger liner , but while the ships were transferring equipment , British ships located them and pursued Karlsruhe . Them superior speed allowed them to escape , after which they operated off the northeastern coast of Brazil . Here , they captured or sank sixteen ships . While en route to attack the shipping lanes to Barbados on 4 November 1914 , a spontaneous internal explosion destroyed the ship and killed the majority of the crew . The survivors used one of Karlsruhes colliers to return to Germany in December 1914 .
Design
Karlsruhe was long overall and had a beam of and a draft of forward . They displaced at full load . Them propulsion system consisted of two sets of Marine steam turbines driving two propellers . They were designed to give , but reached in service . These were powered by twelve coal-fired Marine-type water-tube boilers and two oil-fired double-ended boilers . These gave the ship a top speed of . Karlsruhe carried of coal , and an additional of fuel oil that gave them a range of approximately at . Karlsruhe had a crew of 18 officers and 355 enlisted men .
The ship was armed with a main battery of twelve SK L/45 guns in single pedestal mounts . Two were placed side by side forward on the forecastle , eight were located amidships , four on either side , and two were side by side aft . The guns had a maximum elevation of 30 degrees , which allowed them to engage targets out to . They were supplied with 1,800 rounds of ammunition , for 150 shells per gun . They were also equipped with a pair of torpedo tubes with five torpedoes submerged in the hull on the broadside . They could also carry 120 mines . The ship was protected by a waterline armored belt that was thick amidships . The conning tower had thick sides , and the deck was covered with up to 60 mm thick armor plate .
Service history
Karlsruhe was ordered under the contract name `` Ersatz `` and was laid down at the Germaniawerft shipyard in Kiel on 21 September 1911 . They were christened by Karl Siegrist , the mayor of Karlsruhe , and launched on 11 November 1912 , after which fitting-out work commenced . Builder 's trials began in mid-December 1913 , followed by full sea trials with the navy , which revealed that the ship consumed coal at a prodigious rate . They were commissioned into the High Seas Fleet on 15 January 1914 . Karlsruhes first commanding officer was Fregattenkapitän ( FK—Frigate Captain ) Fritz Lüdecke . Following their commissioning in January 1914 , Karlsruhe conducted further trials that lasted until June . They then returned to the yard for modifications in an unsuccessful attempt to improve the situation . The navy intended to send Karlsruhe to the East American Station , where they were to replace the light cruiser , but owing to the delays in their completion , the cruiser was sent instead . Once Karlsruhe was ready , they departed Kiel on 14 June .
On 1 July , Karlsruhe reached Saint Thomas in the Danish West Indies ; there the ship received news of the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand and their wife in Sarajevo three days before . The ship then proceeded to Port-au-Prince , Haiti to protect German nationals during a period of civil unrest in the city from 5 to 9 July . Karlsruhe was then scheduled to meet Dresden in Veracruz , Mexico , but further unrest in Haiti forced the cancellation of the meeting . On 27 July , Karlsruhe and Dresden finally met and exchanged commanders . FK Erich Köhler came aboard Karlsruhe and Lüdecke was to take Dresden back to Germany , though this was not to be carried out . Karlsruhe was to have gone to Veracruz and then to the opening ceremonies of the Panama Canal , but Köhler decided against this since the July Crisis over Ferdinand 's assassination was at its peak , and there were numerous British and French warships already present for the celebration . Instead , they took their ship to Havana , Cuba , where they remained for two days . On 30 July , Karlsruhe left the port , initially keeping close to shore before proceeding to the isolated Cay Sal Bank in the Straits of Florida in an attempt to evade any observers . To throw any pursuers off their trail , Köhler broadcast a message in the open that they intended to call at Tampico , Mexico on 4 August . The British armored cruiser was in the area , and Köhler had the opportunity to arm the passenger ship as an auxiliary cruiser in the event of war , so Karlsruhe steamed east into the open Atlantic Ocean .
World War I
On the night of 3/4 August , Karlsruhe received word of the state of war between Germany and France , and the greatly increased risk of conflict with Britain . Karlsruhes standing orders in the event of war were to conduct a commerce raiding campaign against British merchant traffic . Dresden was still present in the region at the outbreak of World War I at the end of July , which complicated the British attempt to hunt down the German cruisers . To hunt down Karlsruhe , Dresden , and any merchant ships they might arm as auxiliary cruisers , the Royal Navy deployed five cruiser squadrons , the most powerful were those commanded by Rear Admiral Christopher Craddock and Rear Admiral Archibald Stoddart . The British were forced to disperse their ships to cover the areas in which the two German cruisers , and any auxiliary cruisers they might arm , could operate .
On 6 August , Karlsruhe rendezvoused with Kronprinz Wilhelm about north of Watling Island . Karlsruhe was in the process of transferring guns and equipment to the liner when Craddock , in their flagship , appeared to the south . The Germans had only managed to transfer two 8.8 cm guns , a machine gun , and some sailors by the time Suffolk arrived . The two ships quickly departed in different directions ; Suffolk followed Karlsruhe and other cruisers were ordered to intercept them Karlsruhes faster speed allowed them to quickly outpace Craddock , but at 20:15 , joined the pursuit and briefly fired on the German cruiser . The German gunners scored two hits on Bristol during the short engagement , forcing the latter to slow down . Karlsruhe turned east and again used their high speed to evade the British ships . The British failed to relocate her , and by 9 August , Karlsruhe reached Puerto Rico with only 12 tons of coal in their bunkers . There , they coaled from a HAPAG freighter in the port before departing for the coast of Brazil , since merchant traffic was heavier there . The area was also not as heavily patrolled by the British .
While on the way , Karlsruhe stopped in Willemstad in Curaçao to take on more coal and oil . After reaching the northern coast of Brazil , they sank their first British steamship on 18 August . Over the course of 21–23 August , the ship went to Maraca island south of the mouth of the Amazon river to replenish their coal stocks from a German steamship . The German prewar plans had arranged for German merchant vessels to act as colliers to support commerce raiding cruisers by operating in neutral waters at pre-planned meeting points . The voraciousness of Karlsruhes boilers nevertheless significantly reduced their radius of action . In addition to making use of German colliers , Köhler frequently took coal from the ships they captured . They also kept one or two prizes to assist in the search for targets . Karlsruhe patrolled the eastern coast of South America , as far south as La Plata , Argentina ; in the course of these operations , they sank or captured at least sixteen merchant ships . These merchantmen , fifteen British ships and one Dutch vessel , totaled . Köhler then decided to move to another area , as remaining in one area would increase their chances of being tracked down by the British . They turned their ship toward the West Indies to attack Barbados and Fort-de-France and the shipping lanes between Barbados and Trinidad .
As Karlsruhe steamed to Barbados on the night of 4 November , a spontaneous internal explosion destroyed the ship at approximately 18:30 . The hull was split in half ; the bow section quickly sank and took with it Köhler and most of the crew . The stern remained afloat long enough for 146 of the ship 's crew to escape onto the attending colliers , the Hamburg Süd liner and the captured British steamer . At 18:57 , the stern also sank . Commander Studt , the senior surviving officer , took charge and placed all of their men aboard Rio Negro . They scuttled Indrani and steamed north for Iceland . The ship used the cover of a major storm to slip through the British blockade of the North Sea , and put in at Ålesund , Norway . Rio Negro then returned to Germany on 6 December . The Admiralstab , unaware of the loss of Karlsruhe , coincidentally radioed the ship to order them to return to Germany . Germany kept the loss of the ship a secret , and the British continued searching for them until they learned of their fate in March 1915 . As a result , eleven British cruisers were tied up , searching for the cruiser , for almost six months after they had been destroyed . Köhler 's widow christened the cruiser , the third to bear the name , at their launching in August 1927 .
Notes
References
Further reading
Karlsruhe-class cruisers
Ships built in Kiel
1912 ships
World War I cruisers of Germany
World War I commerce raiders
World War I shipwrecks in the Caribbean Sea
Ships sunk by non-combat internal explosions
Maritime incidents in November 1914
Kahrizak ( , also Romanized as Kahrīzak ) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District , in the Central District of Malard County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 389 , in 96 families .
References
Populated places in Malard County
e-st @ r ( Educational Satellite @ Politecnico di Torino ) is a miniaturised satellite built by the Politecnico di Torino . It is a 1U CubeSat design with a 10 cm side and a mass not exceeding 1.33 kg .
Launch and deployment
In 2006 the Polytechnic University of Turin had tried to put one of its satellites into orbit ( PiCPoT ) , but the Dnepr launcher used exploded a few seconds after the start and destroyed itself .
In 2009 the European Space Agency in view of the inaugural launch of Vega ( which being the first launch had a high probability of failure ) offered 9 seats on the carrier for the same number of cubesats , plus another two seats for larger satellites . Only 7 of the cubesats managed to be prepared in time for launch :
e-st @ r of the Polytechnic of Turin ,
Goliat of the Romanian Space Agency ,
MaSat-1 of the Budapest University of Technology and Economics ,
PW-Sat of the Warsaw Polytechnic ,
ROBUSTA of the University of Montpellier II ,
UniCubeSat-GG of the University of Rome La Sapienza ,
Xatcobeo of the University of Vigo .
They were launched into low Earth Orbit on the maiden flight of Arianespace 's Vega rocket on 13 February 2012 on a multi-payload mission shared with LARES of the Italian Space Agency and ALMASat-1 of the University of Bologna .
The satellite was successfully deployed into orbit , and the signal was received by the team 's ground station and by amateur radio operators . However , operations have been impeded by unexpected tumbling , and the satellite was put into safe mode .
The communication system uses a processor PIC and communicates with the ground at a frequency of 437.445 MHz with a power of 0.5 W. The frequencies have been assigned to cubesats by ESA .
A total of about 50,000 euros was spent on the design and construction of the satellite .
The orbit is inclined 71° and is slightly elliptical . It also crosses the van Allen belts .
The satellite was created by the CubeSatTeam of the Polytechnic of Turin , responsible for creating picosatellites .
References
External links
http : //areeweb.polito.it/cubesat-team
http : //space.skyrocket.de/doc_sdat/e-star.htm
Satellites orbiting Earth
CubeSats
Student satellites
Satellites of Italy
Spacecraft launched in 2012
2012 in Italy
Spacecraft launched by Vega rockets
The 2006 Top League Challenge Series was the 2006 edition of the Top League Challenge Series , a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan , in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2006–07 season . The competition was contested from 15 to 28 January 2006 .
Coca-Cola West Red Sparks and IBM Big Blue won promotion to the 2006–07 Top League , while Honda Heat , Kintetsu Liners , Kyuden Voltex and NTT Communications Shining Arcs progressed to the promotion play-offs .
Competition rules and information
The top two teams from the regional Top East League , Top West League and Top Kyūshū League qualified to the Top League Challenge Series . The regional league winners participated in Challenge 1 , while the runners-up participated in Challenge 2 .
The top two teams in Challenge 1 won automatic promotion to the 2006–07 Top League , while the third-placed team in Challenge 1 and the three Challenge 2 teams qualified to the promotion play-offs .
Qualification
The teams qualified to the Challenge 1 and Challenge 2 series through the 2005 regional leagues .
Top West League
The final standings for the 2005 Top West League were :
Kintetsu Liners qualified for Challenge 1 .
Honda Heat qualified for Challenge 2 .
Top East League
The final standings for the 2005 Top East League were :
IBM Big Blue qualified for Challenge 1 .
NTT Communications Shining Arcs qualified for Challenge 2 after a play-off series involving them , Akita Northern Bullets and Mitsubishi Sagamihara DynaBoars .
The following matches were played :
The Top East League ( East ) and Top East League ( North ) merged for 2006 ; Akita Northern Bullets joined the merged Top East League , while Funaoka SDF Wild Boars , North Force and NTT Burns joined lower leagues .
Top Kyūshū League
The final standings for the 2005 Top Kyūshū League were :
Coca-Cola West Red Sparks , Kyuden Voltex and Mazda Blue Zoomers qualified to the Second Phase .
Fukuoka Sanix Blues qualified for Challenge 1 .
Coca-Cola West Red Sparks qualified for Challenge 2 .
Challenge 1
Standings
The final standings for the 2006 Top League Challenge 1 were :
Coca-Cola West Red Sparks and IBM Big Blue won promotion to the 2006–07 Top League .
Kintetsu Liners progressed to the promotion play-offs .
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2006 Top League Challenge 1 :
Challenge 2
Standings
The final standings for the 2006 Top League Challenge 2 were :
Honda Heat , Kyuden Voltex and NTT Communications Shining Arcs progressed to the promotion play-offs .
Matches
The following matches were played in the 2006 Top League Challenge 2 :
See also
2005–06 Top League
Top League Challenge Series
References
2006 Challenge
2005–06 in Japanese rugby union
2006 rugby union tournaments for clubs
Lohuecotitan is an extinct genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur which lived during the Late Cretaceous in Spain . The only species known in the genus is Lohuecotitan pandafilandi , described and named in 2016 .
Discovery and naming
The fossil remains of Lohuecotitan were discovered in the site of Lo Hueco , Fuentes , Cuenca , which is part of the Villalba de la Sierra Formation . The formation dates from the Upper Campanian to the Lower Maastrichtian , and would have represented a muddy coastal floodplain . Multiple partial sauropod skeletons have been discovered at this site , with the teeth and braincases recovered representing at least two distinct types of titanosaur . The holotype specimen of Lohuecotitan , HUE-EC-01 , is a disarticulated partial skeleton consisting of cervical , dorsal , sacral , and caudal vertebrae , ribs , an ulna , both ischia , a pubis , a femur , a fibula , and a tibia , along with some indeterminate remains .
The name of Lohuecotitan combines a reference to the type locality with titan ( which refers to the Greek titans ) . The specific name , pandafilandi , is derived from the name of a giant , Pandafilando de la fosca vista , in the novel Don Quixote .
Description
Lohuecotitan was recognized by its describers as having a number of unique characteristics ( autapomorphies ) not seen in other titanosaurs . In the dorsal vertebrae , the edges of the postspinal laminae extend outwards . In the first several caudal vertebrae , the medial spinoprezygapophyseal and spinopostzygapophyseal laminae respectively connect to the prespinal and postspinal laminae on the bottom surface . In addition , due to the way that the prespinal and postspinal laminae project upwards , the neural spine of the vertebra appears to be V-shaped from the side , and resemble a Greek cross in cross-section . Each middle caudal vertebra has two roughened structures that extend from the top of the back face onto the top surface of the vertebra . Finally , the bottom portion of each half of the haemal arches in the posterior caudal vertebrae is split fully into two articular facets . These traits form a unique combination not seen in other titanosaurs , along with the centrodiapophyseal laminae being widened on the top and bottom edges in the front and middle dorsal vertebrae ( as also seen in Saltasaurus ) , and a rounded protrusion being present between the front and side trochanters of the fibula ( also seen in Jainosaurus ) .
A number of the bones of Lohuecotitan were internally pneumatized , including the cervical vertebrae , sacral vertebrae , and ilium . As is common in somphospondylans , the pneumatic fossae on the cervical vertebrae are shallow ; this was also the case in the dorsal vertebrae . The cervical and dorsal vertebrae are opisthocoelous ; the caudal vertebrae were procoelous ( a characteristic common in Lithostrotia ) . The seventh and eighth tail vertebrae are fused together ; this probably represents a pathology . As in other titanosauriforms , the dorsal ribs are compressed and blade-like . The ulna was robust , and the bottom surface of the tibia was oval-shaped , as is common in titanosaurs .
Classification
Lohuecotitan was in 2016 recovered as a lithostrotian titanosaur , more derived than Malawisaurus . Its position among the lithostrotians is supported by the sharp angle of its zygapophyseal articulations . The consensus of the 20 most parsimonious phylogenetic trees recovered is shown below .
See also
2016 in paleontology
References
Titanosaurs
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of Europe
Campanian life
Cretaceous Spain
Fossils of Spain
Fossil taxa described in 2016
Sclerodoris tuberculata is a species of sea slug , a dorid nudibranch , shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae .
Distribution
This species was described from Prison Island , Zanzibar Harbour , Zanzibar , Tanzania . It is widely distributed in the Indo-Pacific Ocean .
References
External links
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1904
Eslamabad-e Lakazi ( , also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Laḵazī ; also known as Eslāmābād and Shāhābād ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 453 , in 140 families .
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Shareese Woods ( born February 20 , 1985 ) is an American track and field athlete . They have competed internationally in sprint and has been on United States teams at the 2006 NACAC Under-23 Championships in Athletics , 2007 NACAC Championships , 2007 Pan American Games and 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships , medaling at all of those competitions .
Biography
An Army brat born in Fort Bragg , North Carolina , they attended both Lee County Senior High School in Sanford , North Carolina and Prince George County High School , in Prince George , Virginia . During that time , they were a three-time regional champion , and two-time state champion in the 400m Dash in a time of 55.00 seconds .
They went on to attend UNC Charlotte ; receiving a B.A . in Mass Media Communications , and becoming the most decorated athlete in school history , owning four indoor records , five outdoor records , three indoor conference records , four outdoor conference records , and four all-American awards , with the highest NCAA ranking in UNC Charlotte history . Notably , they also are recognized in Sports Illustrated `` Faces in the Crowd '' .
Post-collegiately , Woods went on to run professionally , sponsored by Adidas . Them most notable accomplishments are 2008 USA Indoor 400m Champion , and two-time World Indoor 400m Bronze Medalist with a time of 51.41 .
Personal records
References
http : //www.iaaf.org/athletes/biographies/letter=w/country=usa/athcode=206791/index.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110716085943/http : //www.charlotte49ers.com/fls/23200//10 % 20Track % 20Stats/Top % 20Ten % 20Lists.pdf
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110213003853/http : //www.atlantic10.com/auto_pdf/p_hotos/s_chools/atl10/sports/c-otrack/auto_pdf/WOT2010
http : //sportsillustrated.cnn.com/scorecard/faces/2007/02/05/
1985 births
American female sprinters
Living people
Sportspeople from North Carolina
Pan American Games track and field athletes for the United States
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2007 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
People from Fort Bragg , North Carolina
World Athletics Indoor Championships medalists
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
21st-century American women
Lychnaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 6 as of 2002 .
Geography
Lychnaya is located 12 km south of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kuzminskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
