Ulrik Frederik Lange ( 28 July 1808 – 8 September 1878 ) was a Norwegian teacher and politician .
Background
Lange was born at Jevnaker in Oppland , Norway . They were the son of Johan Jørgen Lange ( 1754-1814 ) and Dorothea Helena Larsen ( 1771-1824 ) . They were the younger brother of the politicians Hans Nicolai Lange and Otto Vincent Lange , brother-in-law of Nils Landmark and Even Hanssen and uncle of Johan Jørgen Lange Hanssen . They were a student at Oslo Cathedral School ( 1826 ) and graduated with a degree in theology ( 1832 ) .
Career
Lange was a teacher and school administrator . They worked as a principal in Tromsø . From 1849 to 1854 , they were the teacher at Lillehammer and principal at the time of their death in 1878 . They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1842 and 1845 , They were then elected three more times , in 1854 , 1857 and 1859 , from the Lillehammer og Hamar constituency where they worked as a school principal . Lange sat as mayor in Lillehammer in 1853 , 1855 and 1861 to 1863 . They were also director of Lillehammer Sparebank ( savings bank ) from 1855 to 1861 .
Personal life
In March 1833 , they married Stine Charlotte Cathrine Blix ( 1808-1890 ) . They had seven children . They died in 1878 in Lillehammer .
References
1808 births
1878 deaths
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Tromsø
Oppland politicians
People from Lillehammer
Norwegian educators
People from Jevnaker
Eloni Vunakece ( born 27 May 1987 ) is a former Fiji international rugby league footballer who played as a for the Sydney Roosters in the NRL . They also played for Toulouse Olympique in the French Elite One Championship .
Background
Vunakece was born in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia to a Fijian father , Meli , from Tavua and an Australian mother Julie Young from St Arnaud , Victoria . They played their junior rugby league for the Holy Cross Rhinos and Leichhardt Wanderers , before being signed by the Balmain Ryde-Eastwood Tigers .
Vunakece is married with four children .
Playing career
Early career
From 2006 to 2011 , Vunakece played for the Balmain Ryde-Eastwood Tigers , while also having a stint with the Western Suburbs Magpies New South Wales Cup side in 2011 . In September 2011 , they signed a 1-year contract with French team Toulouse Olympique in the Elite One Championship . In 2012 , they re-signed with Toulouse on a 1-year contract .
2013
In April , Vunakece played in two games for Toulouse in the 2013 Challenge Cup , scoring 2 tries . At the conclusion of the 2012/2013 Elite One Championship season , they returned to Australia to play with the Wyong Roos in the New South Wales Cup . In October and November , they played 5 games for Fiji in the 2013 Rugby League World Cup , scoring 1 try .
2015
On 2 May , Vunakece played for Fiji against Papua New Guinea in the 2015 Melanesian Cup . At the end of the 2015 season , they got the chance to join the Sydney Roosters first-grade squad for the 2016 pre-season .
2016
In round 4 of the 2016 NRL season , Vunakece made their NRL debut for the Sydney Roosters against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles . On 7 May , they again played for Fiji against Papua New Guinea in the 2016 Melanesian Cup , where they played at lock and scored a try . In September , they were named at prop in the 2016 Intrust Super Premiership NSW Team of the Year .
2017
On 28 August 2017 , Vunakece was named at Prop in the 2017 Intrust Super Premiership NSW team of the year .
Post rugby league and Reality TV
In September 2018 , Vunakece announced their retirement from rugby league . They have been working for the council as a garbage collector and also doing some modelling . They also donated their brain , currently as a living participant in post-concussion cognitive research . Vunakece competed in the Australian Ninja Warrior ( season 3 ) . They returned in seasons 4 and 5 .
Vunakece will appear as a contestant on the sixth season of The Celebrity Apprentice Australia .
References
External links
Sydney Roosters profile
Roosters profile
Toulouse Olympique profile
2017 RLWC profile
1987 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Australian people of I-Taukei Fijian descent
Balmain Ryde-Eastwood Tigers players
Expatriate rugby league players in France
Fiji national rugby league team players
I-Taukei Fijian people
Rugby league props
Rugby league players from Sydney
Sydney Roosters players
Toulouse Olympique players
Western Suburbs Magpies NSW Cup players
Wyong Roos players
Comitas imperfecta is an extinct species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae , the turrids and allies .
Description
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand . Fossils have been found in Tertiary strata of southern Wairarapa
References
King , L. C. `` Tertiary molluscan faunas from the southern Wairarapa . '' Transactions of the New Zealand Institute . Vol . 63 . 1933 .
Maxwell , P.A . ( 2009 ) . Cenozoic Mollusca . pp 232–254 in Gordon , D.P . ( ed . ) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity . Volume one . Kingdom Animalia : Radiata , Lophotrochozoa , Deuterostomia . Canterbury University Press , Christchurch .
External links
imperfecta
Gastropods described in 1933
Gastropods of New Zealand
Michael Peter MacMahon O.P . ( 1720–20 February 1807 ) was a Dominican friar and prelate of the Roman Catholic Church born in Limerick , Ireland . They served as Bishop of Killaloe approximately for 42.5 years from 1765 till when they died aged 87 in 1807 . They were appointed Bishop on 5 June 1765 and was consecrated on 4 August later that year .
They are one of the longest serving bishop in the history of Diocese of Killaloe . Penal laws were relaxed during their episcopate and made life easier for Catholics . The pectoral cross worn by them is still worn by the Bishop Kieran O'Reilly of the Diocese .
References
External links
History of the Irish Hierarchy : With the Monasteries of Each County by Thom Walsh p. 225
Limerick ; Its History and Antiquities , Ecclesiastical , Civil , and Military . by Maurice Lenihan Google books
1720 births
1807 deaths
Clergy from Limerick ( city )
18th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Roman Catholic bishops of Killaloe
Anthime Joseph `` Tim '' Gionet ( born ) , more commonly known as Baked Alaska , is an American far-right media personality . Gionet gained attention through their advocacy on behalf of alt-right and white supremacist ideology , and through their promotion of antisemitic conspiracy theories such as white genocide and Jewish control of the media . They have also used the alias Tim Treadstone .
Prior to their 2016 transformation into an alt-right personality , Gionet was initially a rapper and Internet prankster . They later worked as a commentator for BuzzFeed , where they supported libertarian and progressive political positions and marched in support of Black Lives Matter . In 2016 , Gionet turned to the politics of Donald Trump and the alt-right in what they described as a rejection of `` political correctness '' . By 2017 , Gionet 's political views had radicalized ; that year , they began to use their social media platform and Internet activism to promote racist and antisemitic ideologies . They also played a role in the 2017 white supremacist Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville , Virginia .
At the beginning of 2019 , Gionet claimed to have abandoned the alt-right and released videos in which they denounced the alt-right and meme culture as sources of terrorism and violence . As part of an attempt to rebrand himself , they gave a series of interviews condemning the alt-right and expressed plans to establish a non-profit organization in order to teach anti-racism to white supremacists . However , in November of the same year , Gionet reverted to their earlier politics , professing far-right ideology and collaborating with the white nationalist Groyper movement . They then began to earn notoriety for their livestreams , in which they would antagonize or harass bystanders , resulting in an assault charge in December 2020 .
Originally known as an Extremely Online personality , Baked Alaska was gradually banned from most mainstream social media platforms . In January 2021 , Gionet livestreamed the attack on the U.S. Capitol building by a pro-Trump mob , which was found to be a violation of their release . It was later reported that Gionet 's footage was used by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) to identify suspects . Gionet was arrested by the FBI later that month in connection to their activities at the Capitol . , Gionet remained out of custody and had continued livestreaming while facing federal charges .
Early life and education
Gionet was born in Anchorage , Alaska , to a family of eight . Their father is a pharmacist and their mother is a nurse . Both their parents are devout Christians who operate a non-profit organization aimed at promoting Christianity and providing medical supplies to orphanages in eastern Russia . During their formative years , Gionet was actively involved in their parents ' charity and went to Russia with them numerous times . Five of their siblings were adopted from Russia . As an adolescent , Gionet spent a year and a half in the Russian city of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky . They later said that part of their `` chaotic nature '' may have stemmed from this experience .
In 2006 , Gionet left Alaska for Los Angeles and attended Azusa Pacific University , where they graduated with a Bachelor of Science in marketing .
Early career
While working at Warner Records , Gionet was a social media and marketing intern for Warped Tour . Kevin Lyman gave them the nickname `` Alaska '' in reference to where they grew up . In order to make it more `` unique '' , Gionet changed the nickname to `` Baked Alaska '' , a reference to them being a marijuana user at the time and a play on the dessert of the same name .
Rap and Internet pranks
In 2011 , Gionet worked for Capitol Records for a short time , before pursuing their own career in rap music with a `` wild , redneck , kick-ass '' persona . They kept their nickname Baked Alaska as a stage name . Their rap songs used a satirical tone and traded on their Alaskan roots , with titles like `` I Live on Glaciers '' or `` I Climb Mountains '' . In 2013 , the Anchorage Daily News published a profile of Baked Alaska , describing them as a `` comedy/music video artist '' .
Gionet also posted many humorous videos on Vine where they became known as a prankster , achieving some online popularity . A video of them pouring a gallon of milk on their face attracted several millions of views . They called themselves at the time a `` cross between Weird Al , Lonely Island , Borat and Jackass '' .
Gionet attempted to promote their rap career by producing several professionally-made videos , which failed to become viral . While in Los Angeles , they were also involved in the party scene and had issues with drugs and alcohol , leading them to seek professional help to get sober . Unhappy with their life in Los Angeles and the lack of progress of their musical career , Gionet was planning to return to Alaska when their social media skills and popularity on Vine led them to be hired by BuzzFeed .
Employment with BuzzFeed
From 2015 to 2016 , Gionet worked for BuzzFeed as a social media strategist , and later commentator . They first managed BuzzFeed '' 's Vine account , then took over one of its Twitter accounts . As they had done during their rap career , Gionet was protective of their real name while they worked at BuzzFeed ; most of their colleagues knew them only as `` Alaska '' and some of their employers believed their family name was `` Treadstone '' , after another of their aliases . At the time they identified politically as a libertarian , supporting Rand Paul 's White House bid and the legalization of marijuana , and participating in Black Lives Matter street demonstrations . For a time , they kept a Bernie Sanders poster at their desk , but later started wearing MAGA hats around the office . Gionet claims to have left BuzzFeed and turned to the politics of Donald Trump and the alt-right in rejection of `` political correctness '' . They commented in 2017 , `` BuzzFeed turned me into a monster '' .
After leaving BuzzFeed in 2016 , Gionet traveled as Milo Yiannopoulos ' Dangerous Faggot Tour manager . They later stopped working for Yiannopoulos , who reportedly found their views too extreme .
Politics
In May 2016 , Gionet was introduced to then-candidate Donald Trump , and Trump signed Gionet 's arm next to where they had Trump 's face tattooed . Later that month , Gionet released the song `` MAGA Anthem '' , which featured pro-Trump lyrics and amassed more than 100,000 views on YouTube . Mike Cernovich then hired Gionet to work on a project dedicated to gathering Trump supporters . Following the 2016 presidential election , Gionet continued their pro-Trump activism , delivering speeches and participating in multiple rallies .
Gionet was also known for spearheading the # DumpKelloggs and # TrumpCup hashtag campaigns . # TrumpCup was a Twitter trend in November 2016 ; following allegations that a Starbucks employee refused to write `` Trump '' on a cup , Gionet began a campaign instructing patrons to claim their name was `` Trump '' , forcing baristas to write it . The hashtag trended with more than 27,000 tweets in the span of two days . # DumpKelloggs was an attempted boycott in response to Kellogg pulling ads from Breitbart .
In late 2016 , conflict arose between Cernovich and Gionet when Gionet made antisemitic remarks on Twitter , claiming the media was `` run in majority by Jewish people '' . Gionet was disinvited from DeploraBall , an unofficial inaugural ball for the alt-right . Gionet later mended their relationship with Cernovich , saying that they had been `` heated '' when they made those posts , and that they had misspoken .
In February 2017 , Gionet called for a boycott of Netflix in response to the announcement of Dear White People . They claimed that the show was `` anti-white '' and promoted `` white genocide '' . In July 2017 , Gionet wrote and self-published a book , Meme Magic Secrets Revealed , through Amazon . The book was removed as a copyright violation due to its use of Pepe the Frog on the cover . Also that year , Gionet participated in an alt-right rally outside the Lincoln Memorial in Washington , D.C. , and later addressed participants at the white nationalist Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville , Virginia , on August 11 , 2017 . At to Unite the Right rally , they marched and chanted , `` You will not replace us '' , `` White Lives Matter '' , and `` I 'm proud to be white '' . Gionet was maced by unknown assailants during the rally ; a video which showed them pouring milk on their face to try to neutralize the chemical went viral in September 2017 .
On social media , Gionet has frequently promoted the Fourteen Words , a white supremacist slogan . They have also hosted an online talk show in which they interviewed far right personalities such as neo-Nazi Richard B. Spencer . They were permanently banned from Twitter after posting a photoshopped image of Laura Loomer , a Jewish far-right activist , inside a gas chamber .
Vacillating ideological affiliations
Since 2016 , Gionet has frequently changed their political ideology , and has on various occasions oscillated between far-right ideology and anti-racist progressivism . After years of promoting white nationalist and alt-right politics , in March 2019 , Gionet attempted to rebrand themselves as a reformed ex-racist , who had come to recognize that the alt-right and meme culture were hateful and led to terrorism and violence . They released an emotional video apologizing for their past participation in meme culture , and stated : `` I was brainwashed , I felt like I was part of a cult '' . Gionet also alleged a link between meme culture and the Christchurch mosque shootings , and warned of conservatives becoming radicalized to the far-right . In the course of their attempted rebranding , Gionet claimed in an interview with The Daily Beast that they were never serious about far-right politics , and thought that the alt-right `` was just fun memes and jokes and edgy 4chan posting '' until they `` got to the end of this rabbit hole and realized these guys are serious '' . Gionet purportedly abandoned their support for President Trump , and began promoting 2020 Democratic presidential candidate Andrew Yang , such as in their rap music video `` Yang Gang Anthem '' .
Without finding success in this rebranding , Gionet relocated to Phoenix , Arizona , by July 2019 . They livestreamed at a left-wing protest , alternately pretending to be a reporter and protester , antagonizing journalists , and provoking protesters on camera .
In November 2019 , Gionet officially reverted their politics . They deleted their apology videos , and began collaborating with the white nationalist Groyper movement in its `` trolling '' of Turning Point USA rallies .
Livestreaming
From 2019 , Gionet became known for their livestreams in which they often filmed themselves variously annoying , harassing , insulting and sometimes pepper spraying bystanders at the whims of theirs audience .
During 2020 , in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic , Gionet would film themselves trespassing on privately owned establishments that require the wearing of face coverings , while refusing to wear one . They would mock and insult employees of these establishments for wearing masks , and refuse to leave when told to do so . They eventually posted on social media that they had contracted COVID-19 .
As they livestreamed , Gionet received donations from their audience . They were reportedly paid tens of thousands of dollars by Internet viewers who found their conduct amusing , or agreed with the political messages . In October 2020 , they were banned from YouTube for their repeated illegal behavior . Later on , they used the streaming service IP2Always.Win , which is known for hosting similar videos .
Participation in the 2021 Capitol attack
On January 6 , 2021 , Gionet participated in the attack on the U.S. Capitol in support of then-President Trump . Due to bans from other platforms , Gionet used the service DLive to livestream their actions outside and inside the building . About 16,000 people watched their Capitol livestream . DLive later suspended several accounts , removed broadcasts , and suspended earnings of those who participated in the Capitol riot , including Gionet 's . Gionet was also banned from TikTok following these events . On January 13 , it was reported that Gionet 's livestream was being used by the FBI to identify and track down suspects who had broken into the Capitol building , some of whom Gionet had interviewed .
Legal issues
Gionet was arrested in multiple livestreamed instances of trespassing and assault , including pepper spraying a bouncer , in Scottsdale , Arizona , in December 2020 . Following this particular incident , Gionet was found guilty of assault , disorderly conduct , and criminal trespass , all misdemeanors . On January 13 , 2022 , Gionet was sentenced to 30 days in jail .
On January 14 , 2021 , Gionet failed to appear at a court hearing in Scottsdale in which prosecutors aimed to revoke their pre-trial release that had been granted after their December 2020 arrest related to the incident with the bouncer . Prosecutors argued that Gionet had violated their bail conditions multiple times in relation to the 2021 Capitol attack : by leaving the state of Arizona , by knowingly entering and remaining on the Capitol grounds without lawful authority , and by violently entering and disorderly conduct on Capitol grounds . An Arizona judge issued a warrant for Gionet 's arrest due to breach of bail conditions . They were apprehended by the FBI in Houston , Texas , on January 15 , 2021. , Gionet was still awaiting trial on federal charges , but was not in custody .
On November 3 , 2021 , Maricopa County prosecutors charged Gionet with misdemeanor criminal damage and attempted criminal damage over an incident in which Gionet allegedly defaced a Hanukkah display . The charges relate to a livestream from December 19 , 2020 , during which Gionet recorded themselves tearing a `` Happy Hanukkah '' sign from a menorah in front of the Arizona State Capitol , saying `` No more 'Happy Hanukkah ' , only 'Merry Christmas .
In February 2022 , Gionet was sentenced to 30 days in jail for their assault conviction of macing an Arizona bouncer in Scottsdale .
In July 2022 , Gionet pleaded guilty to parading , demonstrating or picketing inside a Capitol building , a misdemeanor . They face up to six months in jail .
Book
Meme Magic Secrets Revealed ( Infinite Manifest Press , 2017 ; re-released in 2018 as Meme Magic Secrets Redacted '' after a copyright dispute )
References
External links
1980s births
People criminally charged for acts during the January 6 United States Capitol attack
21st-century American rappers
Alt-right writers
American conspiracy theorists
American male rappers
American TikTokers
American white supremacists
American YouTubers
Azusa Pacific University alumni
BuzzFeed people
Internet activists
Internet trolls
IRL streamers
Living people
People from Anchorage , Alaska
Prisoners and detainees of the United States federal government
Twitter controversies
Vine ( service ) celebrities
YouTube controversies
American male YouTubers
Next Star is a Romanian reality competition television series broadcast on the Romanian television station Antena 1 . It debuted in 2013 . The focus of the series was to discover singing talent in those aged 3 to 13 years . The top prize is 20,000 euros . The series is presented by Dan Negru , and contestants are assessed by a jury of professionals . Famous performers from Romania and elsewhere occasionally take part to co-sing with the children .
The show was launched in 2013 and the first winner was Omar Arnaout , a Romanian of
mixed Lebanese-Romanian origin . In later seasons , children from other countries were qualified to participate to become the `` Next Star International '' . Besides solo participants , bands consisting of groups of children were also allowed to participate in competition .
The jury
The original jury was composed of Pepe , CRBL , Alina Eremia and Dorian Popa . For 5 seasons the jury was composed of Pepe , Connect-R , Maria Cârneci , Lora and Vasile Muraru . In the ninth season , the jury changed to be composed of Pepe , Lidia Buble and Dorian Popa .
Winners
Omar Arnaout ( season 1 : 2013 ) ; Runner-up : Teodora Sava
Vanessa Marzavan ( season 2 : 2013 )
Rose Marie Lanciu ( season 3 : 2014 )
Isabela Pampărau ( season 4 : 2014 )
Emily Moskailenco ( season 5 : 2015 )
Andrea Tucaliuc ( season 6 : 2016 )
Yasmina Butilă ( season 7 : 2016 )
Katia Carbune ( season 8 : 2017 )
Mihai Dobre ( season 9 : 2018 )
Școala '' Recea '' ( Season 10:2021 )
References
External links
Official website
YouTube channel
Music competitions in Romania
Singing talent shows
Television series about children
Television series about teenagers
Events in the year 2017 in Belgium .
Incumbents
Monarch : Philippe
Prime Minister : Charles Michel
Events
January
17 January – Public outcry about Romanie Schotte , crowned Miss Belgium 3 days before , posting a Pile of Poo emoji in response to a racist comment about somebody in the background of one of their Instagram photos , many taking it to indicate agreement with the comment .
February
14 February – Mayor of Mechelen , Bart Somers , wins world mayor of the year award , for their efforts to promote integration and prevent crime .
May
24 May – Thousands demonstrate in Brussels to protest Donald Trump 's presence for a NATO summit .
25 May – Donald Trump addresses NATO summit in Brussels .
June
20 June – June 2017 Brussels attack : after an explosion without casualties in Brussels Central Station , a suspect is shot dead by patrolling soldiers .
August
25 August – August 2017 Brussels attack : two soldiers injured in a knife attack ; Islamic State claims responsibility .
October
30 October – Carles Puigdemont and others facing rebellion charges for their role in the Catalan declaration of independence take refuge in Belgium .
November
11 November – Rioting and looting in Brussels after celebrations of the Morocco national football team qualifying for the 2018 FIFA World Cup turn violent ; 23 injured , including 22 police officers .
Sports
July
2 July – Stage 2 of the 104th Tour de France ends in Liège , with Marcel Kittel as winner .
3 July – Stage 3 of the 104th Tour de France starts in Verviers .
Deaths
5 January – Luc Coene , economist ( b . 1947 ) .
11 January – François Van der Elst , footballer ( b . 1954 ) .
21 January – Marc Baecke , footballer ( b . 1956 ) .
1 February
Étienne Tshisekedi , Congolese politician ( b . 1932 ) .
Antoon Verschoot , bugler ( b . 1925 ) .
8 February – Jan Vansina , historian and anthropologist ( b . 1929 ) .
9 February – Serge Baguet , cyclist ( b . 1969 ) .
20 February – André Vlayen , cyclist ( b . 1931 ) .
27 February – Marcel De Corte , footballer ( b . 1929 ) .
2 March – Édouard Close , politician ( b . 1929 ) .
6 March – Eddy Pauwels , cyclist ( b . 1935 ) .
12 March – Patrick Nève , racing driver ( b . 1949 ) .
17 April – Nicolle Van Den Broeck , cyclist ( b . 1946 ) .
30 April – Jean De Mesmaeker ( Jidéhem ) , cartoonist ( b . 1935 ) .
15 May – Ulrich Libbrecht , philosopher ( b . 1928 ) .
20 May – Emile Degelin , filmmaker ( b . 1926 ) .
24 May – Pierre Seron , cartoonist ( b . 1942 ) .
1 June – Leon Lemmens , bishop ( b . 1954 ) .
6 June – François Houtart , radical priest ( b . 1925 ) .
1 September – Annette Wademant , screenwriter ( b . 1928 )
7 December – Philippe Maystadt , politician ( b . 1948 ) .
References
Belgium
Belgium
2010s in Belgium
Years of the 21st century in Belgium
Edward Scott ( 5 November 1852 – 24 May 1920 ) was an English-born politician in Western Australia . They became a member of the Legislative Council in 1886 , then when representative self-government was achieved in 1890 , won the seat of Perth in the new Legislative Assembly . They were also Mayor of Perth from 1889 until 1891 . A doctor by profession , they lived in Western Australia from 1875 until 1899 , marrying into one of the colony 's leading families and becoming involved with the socially prestigious Western Australian Turf Club .
Biography
Scott was born in Axmouth , Devon , England , to John Scott , a gentleman farmer , and Anna Christiana Scott . They were educated at the nearby village of Chardstock , and then at St Thomas ' Hospital in Lambeth , London , becoming a physician in 1873 . They migrated to Western Australia on 27 March 1875 aboard Julie , and practised medicine at Greenough , Guildford and Perth , becoming a member of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1879 . Scott was also at this time a noted athlete , boxer and swimmer . They also became a member of the Western Australian Turf Club , serving as a flight attendant and then as chairperson by 1890 .
On 25 February 1879 , they married Anne Ellen Gull née Dempster ( 1842–1880 ) , the widow of Legislative Councillor Thomas Gull , at Guildford ; however , they died 18 months later . On 26 April 1882 , they married Penelope Fanny Sholl ( 1856–1929 ) the daughter of Robert John Sholl ( 1819–86 ) and sister of Robert Frederick Sholl ( 1848–1909 ) – at St George 's Cathedral in Perth . They had two sons and two daughters .
In February 1880 and in October 1884 , Scott unsuccessfully contested the Legislative Council 's seat of Perth . In 1886 , Scott was appointed a Justice of the Peace , and on 15 June 1886 , they won Perth in a by-election serving in that capacity until 21 October 1890 . They also became the Mayor of Perth in 1889 . On 10 December 1890 , they became the first member for the Legislative Assembly seat of Perth . In December 1891 , they completed their term as Mayor and resigned their parliamentary seat , which was won in a by-election on 12 January 1892 by Thomas Molloy . They then served as a member of the Aborigines Protection Board from 1891 until 1897 .
In 1899 , they returned to England and practiced medicine at Clifton , Bristol , for a number of years . They died at nearby Stoke Bishop on 24 May 1920 .
One of their sons , Frank Sholl Scott , practised medicine in Cornwall and represented England at rugby union in 1907 . In turn , Frank Sholl Scott 's third son , Edward Scott , also practised medicine at St Mary 's Hospital and Oxford University , as well as representing England at rugby , for whom they gained five caps , two as captain .
References
1852 births
1920 deaths
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council
Mayors and Lord Mayors of Perth , Western Australia
Settlers of Western Australia
Calabria was a small protected cruiser built for the Italian Regia Marina ( Royal Navy ) in the 1890s , intended for service in Italy 's overseas empire . They were laid down in 1892 , launched in 1894 , and completed in 1897 , and was armed with a main battery of four and four guns . Calabria spent significant periods abroad , ranging from deployments to Chinese , North American , and Australian waters , in addition to periods in Italy 's East African empire . They saw action during the Italo-Turkish War in 1912 in the Red Sea , primarily bombarding Turkish ports in the area . Calabria was reclassified as a gunboat in 1921 , reduced to a training ship in 1924 , and sold for scrap at the end of the year .
Design
Calabria was designed by the Chief Engineer , Edoardo Masdea , and was intended for overseas service in the Italian colonial empire . They had a steel hull sheathed with wood and zinc to protect it from fouling during lengthy deployments abroad , where shipyard facilities would not be readily available . The hull was long between perpendiculars and long overall . They had a beam of and a draft of . Them normal displacement was but increased to at full load . They had a flush deck and a ram bow ; their superstructure was fairly minimal , consisting primarily of a small conning tower forward . They were fitted with three pole masts for signaling and spotting purposes . Calabria had a crew of between 214 and 254 officers and enlisted crew .
The cruiser was powered by two vertical triple-expansion steam engines that each drove a screw propeller . Steam was supplied by four coal-fired , cylindrical fire-tube boilers that were vented into a single funnel placed amidships , directly astern of the conning tower . The engines had an output of and produced a top speed of . Calabria had a cruising radius of about at a more economical speed of .
Calabria was armed with a main battery of four L/40 guns , supported by a secondary battery of four L/40 guns , all mounted individually . Light armament for close-range defense against torpedo boats included eight L/40 guns , eight L/20 guns , and a pair of machine guns . They were also equipped with a pair of torpedo tubes . Armor protection consisted of a curved thick deck that sloped downward at the sides of the hull to provide a measure of vertical protection against incoming fire . Them conning tower also received 50 mm of steel plating on the sides .
Service history
Calabria was built at the La Spezia dockyard , with their keel being laid down in February 1892 . They were launched on 20 September 1894 , and fitting-out work was completed by mid-1897 ; the new cruiser was commissioned into the Regia Marina ( Royal Navy ) on 12 July . Upon entering service , Calabria was assigned to the Reserve Division of the Italian fleet , along with the ironclad warships , , , , and , the protected cruiser , the torpedo cruiser , and a pair of torpedo boats .
Calabria spent long periods abroad in their first decade of service . They were operating in Chinese waters in 1899 when the Boxer Uprising broke out . They joined an international fleet that included representatives from the fleets of the Eight Nation Alliance in the mouth of the Hai River while a contingent of 475 soldiers traveled to Beijing to reinforce the Legation Quarter .
The ship was present on 20 May 1902 when the United States formally granted independence to the Republic of Cuba , following the Spanish–American War three years earlier . Calabria and the British protected cruiser fired salutes to the United States armored cruiser . In April 1903 , Calabria joined a naval review held for the Japanese Emperor Meiji in Kobe , Japan . The foreign naval contingent included the British pre-dreadnought battleship and protected cruiser , the German protected cruiser , the French protected cruiser , and the Russian protected cruiser .
Calabria embarked on another major overseas cruise in early 1905 with the then-midshipman Prince Ferdinando aboard , departing Venice on 4 February . By this time , the ship had been fitted with wireless telegraphy equipment . They made a call in Gibraltar before sailing to the West Indies , where they stopped in Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic . The visit represented an attempt at gunboat diplomacy , aimed at securing payments for debts to Italian nationals . From there , they continued on south to South America , stopping in many ports as they made their way around the continent , including Buenos Aires , Argentina ; Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; Montevideo , Uruguay ; Callao and Lima , Peru ; Valparaiso , Chile ; and Acapulco , Mexico . By 11 September , they had reached San Francisco in the United States . Later in the year , as they continued their circumnavigation of the globe , Calabria visited Australia on a trip to show the flag . By May 1906 , Calabria was in Chinese waters , and on the 18th , they were present in Nanking in company with the French cruiser and the German gunboat . In October 1909 , Calabria took part in the Portola Festival in San Francisco , marking the 140th anniversary of the Portolà expedition , the first recorded European exploration of what became California .
Italo-Turkish War
On 29 September 1911 , Italy declared war on the Ottoman Empire to seize Ottoman Tripolitania and incorporate it into its overseas empire . The Ottomans intended to distract Italian attention by threatening the colony of Italian Eritrea , across the Red Sea from Ottoman Arabia . For their part , the Italians decided to support anti-Ottoman rebels in Yemen to tie up Ottoman forces away from Tripolitania . At that time , Calabria was stationed in the Far East , but they were immediately recalled to reinforce the naval forces in Eritrea . After arriving in East African waters , they joined the cruiser in bombarding the Turkish port of Aqaba on 19 November to disperse a contingent of Ottoman soldiers there . Hostilities were temporarily ceased while the British King George V passed through the Red Sea following their coronation ceremony in India—the ceasefire lasted until 26 November . Four days later , Calabria and the gunboat attacked a quarantine station near Perim . They took part in further attacks at Mocha and Cheikh Saïd .
In early 1912 , the Italian Red Sea Fleet searched for a group of seven Ottoman gunboats thought to be planning an attack on Eritrea , though they were in fact immobilized due to a lack of coal . Calabria and Puglia carried out diversionary bombardments against Jebl Tahr , and Al Luḩayyah , while the cruiser and the destroyers and searched for the gunboats . On 7 January , they found the gunboats and quickly sank four in the Battle of Kunfuda Bay ; the other three were forced to beach to avoid sinking as well . The next day , the Italian warships sent a shore party to destroy the grounded gunboats . With the Ottoman naval threat neutralized , the Italians turned their attention to supporting the anti-Ottoman insurgents in the region . Calabria and the rest of the Italian ships returned to bombarding the Turkish ports in the Red Sea before declaring a blockade of the city of Al Hudaydah on 26 January . Calabria returned to Italy by April for refitting . The Ottomans eventually agreed to surrender in October , ending the war .
Later career
In 1914 , their armament was reduced ; the 15 cm guns were removed and two additional 12 cm guns were installed in their place . Two of the 5.7 cm guns and six of the 3.7 cm guns were also removed . In January 1915 , while Italy was still neutral during World War I , Calabria was sent to the coast of Ottoman Syria to assist with the protection of refugees in the area . During this period , they cooperated with the United States armored cruiser . The ship took a diplomatic mission from Massawa across the Red Sea to visit Hussein bin Ali , the recently proclaimed King of Hejaz , in Mecca in July 1917 . Calabria returned to East African waters in January 1918 on another mission to show the flag , particularly off the coast of Somalia . Stops included Aden and Djibouti . Calabria was reclassified as a gunboat in 1921 , and they saw their armament modified again ; a 15 cm gun was reinstalled , as were two of the 5.7 cm guns . A L/39 autocannon was also added at this time . They served in this role for only a short time , and was reduced to a training ship for naval gunners in early 1924 . This duty ended quickly , and they were sold for scrap on 13 November 1924 .
Footnotes
Notes
Citations
References
External links
Calabria Marina Militare website
World War I cruisers of Italy
1894 ships
Ships built in La Spezia
James Mulholland may refer to :
Jakes Mulholland , former U.S. soccer defender
James Mulholland ( composer ) , American composer
James Mulholland , member of the British band The KBC
James Mulholland ( Latter Day Saints ) , co-author of the Latter Day Saints document History of the Church
James Allan Mulholland , Pioneer Corps officer and Member of the Order of the British Empire
James Mulholland , Representative , British Council , Sierra Leone , 1978 and Officer of the Order of the British Empire
SHC binding and spindle associated 1 like is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SHCBP1L gene .
Function
This gene encodes a Src homology 2 domain-binding protein 1-like protein . The encoded protein interacts with heat shock 70 kDa protein 2 and may be involved in maintaining spindle integrity during meiosis . This gene is located in region of chromoso0me 1 encompassing a prostate cancer susceptibility locus . [ provided by RefSeq , Sep 2016 ] .
References
Further reading
Black In Neuro is a grassroots initiative that looks to connect , celebrate and amplify Black voices working in neuroscience . In particular , Black in Neuro looked to increase visibility of Black neuroscientists , who face challenges in navigating the majority white world of academia . The group was created as a response to the Black Lives Matter movement and the # BLACKandSTEM initiatives that were inspired worldwide . The inaugural event ran from July 27 – August 2 , 2020 .
Origins
In 2014 Danielle N. Lee coined the term # BLACKandSTEM to unite Black scientists and engineers around the world . Guided by both their work and the Black Lives Matter movement that followed the murder of George Floyd and the Central Park birdwatching incident , several # BLACKandSTEM programmes were launched online . The first event , Black Birders Week , took place May 31 – June 5 .
Inspired by Black Birders Week , current executive board president , Angeline Dukes , current president-elect Kaela Singleton , and many other Black scientists and allies came together to launch Black in Neuro , a grassroots effort to connect , empower and inspire Black scholars working in disciplines related to neuroscience.According to the Society for Neuroscience , at the time Black in Neuro launched , only 1 % of neuroscience faculty in the United States identified as Black . The group called for white and non-Black people of colour to recognise their complicity in anti-Black racism . Black in Neuro primarily made use of social media , specifically Twitter , to amplify stories , share best practice and work to eliminate racism within neurosciences .
Black in Neuro collected and published over three hundred profiles of Black researchers working in neuroscience on www.BlackInNeuro.com . The organisers of Black in Neuro wrote a perspective for The Journal of Neuroscience where they wrote , `` as Black trainees , our lab coats , degrees , and accolades are not bulletproof and do absolutely nothing to protect us from systemic racism '' .
# BlackInNeuroWeek 2020
The first Black in Neuro week took place in the last week of July 2020 , using the hashtag # BlackInNeuro on Twitter and other platforms . Each day involved considered different aspects of scientific life , including representation , education , access , creativity and outreach . The group also worked to celebrate the contributions of Black women to neuroscience . The discussions were recorded and saved on the BlackInNeuro YouTube channel .
The BLACKandSTEM initiatives did not only highlight the research carried out by Black scientists , but also exposed the racism and other challenges that they experienced . The week drew attention from several celebrities , including MC Hammer .
Impact and legacy
BlackInNeuro Week was supported by over 60 individuals and institutional donors . It was covered by USA Today , Forbes , Raleigh News & Observer , Science News , and CBC News . In 2020 the journal Science , named the # BlackinX movements as a finalist for 2020 Breakthrough of the Year .
Black in Neuro arranged conferences and seminar series as well as a mentorship programme .
References
External links
Black Lives Matter
May 2020 events in the United States
Anti-racism in the United States
Awareness weeks
Black in STEM weeks
Neuroscience projects
Neuroscience organizations
Homps Lock is a single chamber lock on the Canal du Midi . It lies east of the small town of Homps in the Aude region of Languedoc , France . The adjacent locks are Ognon Lock 689 metres to the east and Jouarres Lock 3688 metres to the west .
See also
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Locks on the Canal du Midi
Hiltunen is a Finnish surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Eila Hiltunen ( 1922–2003 ) , Finnish sculptor
Jukka Hiltunen ( born 1955 ) , Finnish actor
Onni Hiltunen ( 1895–1971 ) , Finnish politician
Petri Hiltunen ( born 1967 ) , Finnish cartoonist and illustrator
Finnish-language surnames
Surnames from given names
Nigel Barker ( birth registered fourth ¼ 1955 ) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s . They played at club level for Featherstone Miners ' Welfare ARLFC , and Featherstone Rovers ( Heritage № 568 ) , as a , i.e . number 1 .
Background
Nigel Barker 's birth was registered in Pontefract district , West Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Playing career
Barker made their début for Featherstone Rovers on Sunday 25 January 1981 , during their time at Featherstone Rovers they scored twelve 3-point tries , and sixteen 4-point tries .
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Barker played in Featherstone Rovers ' 14-12 victory over Hull F.C . in the 1983 Challenge Cup Final during the 1982–83 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 7 May 1983 , in front of a crowd of 84,969 .
Testimonial match
Barker 's benefit season at Featherstone Rovers took place during the 1991–92 season .
References
External links
Statistics at rugbyleagueproject.org
Nigel Barker at marklaspalmas.blogspot.com
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part I - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part II - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part III - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part IV - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part V - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part VI - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part VII - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part VIII - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part IX - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983 . Part X - a featherstone rovers blog
1955 births
Living people
English rugby league players
Featherstone Rovers players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Pontefract
Juan Luis Buñuel ( 9 November 1934 , Paris – 6 December 2017 , Paris ) was a film and television director , screenwriter , and actor . Their films include Expulsion of the Devil ( Au rendez-vous de la mort joyeuse , 1973 ) and La Femme aux bottes rouges ( 1974 ) .
History
Buñuel was the son of the filmmaker Luis Buñuel . Buñuel 's son Diego also became a filmmaker .
After their career in film , they tried out sculpting .
Filmography
As director
Calanda ( 1966 )
Au rendez-vous de la mort joyeuse ( Expulsion of the Devil , 1973 )
La Femme aux bottes rouges ( 1974 )
Léonor ( Mistress of the Devil , 1975 )
( 1980 , TV miniseries )
El Jugador de ajedrez ( 1981 )
La Rebelión de los colgados ( 1985 )
Guanajuato , una leyenda ( 1990 )
References
External links
1934 births
2017 deaths
French television directors
French screenwriters
French people of Spanish descent
Film directors from Paris
Horror film directors
Stene is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Andreas Stene ( born 1991 ) , Norwegian ice hockey player
Helga Stene ( 1904–1983 ) , Norwegian educator , feminist and resistance member
Nic Stene ( 1921–2006 ) , Norwegian speed skater
Øyvind Stene ( born 1947 ) , Norwegian engineer and businessperson
Randi Stene ( born 1963 ) , Norwegian opera singer and mezzo soprano
Robert Stene ( born 1983 ) , Norwegian soccer player
Vibeke Stene ( born 1978 ) , Norwegian soprano
See also
Stene , Belgium
Stene Point , South Orkney Islands
Steane
Steene
Statistics of Belgian League in season 1987–88 .
Overview
It was contested by 18 teams , and Club Brugge K.V . won the championship , while K.A.A . Gent & Racing Jet de Bruxelles were relegated .
League standings
Results
Topscorers
References
Belgian First Division A seasons
Belgian
1
The University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing ( more commonly referred to as Penn Nursing ) is an undergraduate and graduate institution at the University of Pennsylvania , located in Philadelphia . According to U.S. News & World Report , the School of Nursing at Penn is among the top-ranked undergraduate and graduate nursing schools in the United States . The School of Nursing receives approximately $ 480 million in funding from the National Institutes of Health , making it among the most highly funded nursing schools in the country .
Facilities
Penn Nursing 's main building , Claire M. Fagin Hall , is located south of the center of campus . Within a block of Fagin Hall are the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania , the Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia , and buildings of the Perelman School of Medicine .
The Tri-Nursing Education Building ( or Tri-NEB ) , originally built in 1972 , was later named for Claire M. Fagin , a former dean of Penn Nursing who later served as Interim President of the university . The building originally housed the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania 's School of Nursing which was a three-year diploma in nursing . Students there also attended classes at UPenn for chemistry , anatomy and physiology , and two electives of their choice . The school was founded in 1886 and graduated its last class in 1978 .
When Penn accepted responsibility for HUP in 1973 , HUP 's school of nursing was absorbed into Penn Nursing .
In February 2022 , Leonard Lauder of The Estée Lauder Companies , donated $ 125 million to establish a new tuition-free nurse practitioner program .
Academics
Degree programs
At the undergraduate level , the School of Nursing offers traditional and accelerated Bachelor of Science in Nursing programs . From October 2014 through September 2015 , the NCLEX first-time test-takers pass rate was 93.04 % . While Yale University and Columbia University also have nursing programs , Penn is the only Ivy League institution to offer a baccalaureate nursing program .
Penn Nursing has 15 masters programs , including nurse practitioner , clinical nurse specialist , certified nurse-midwife , as well as a doctoral certified registered nurse anesthetist program . The majority of Penn Nursing 's graduate programs are top-ranked in their specialty . Penn Nursing also offers a PhD program .
Students can also earn joint degrees from the School of Nursing and other schools in the University of Pennsylvania . Options include the Nursing and Health Care Management program with the Wharton School , leading to a BSN and a Bachelor of Science in economics . There are also dual-degree and joint degree options for nursing students of different degree levels and in different schools in the university .
Study abroad
Nursing students have the option to apply to various study abroad programs during the spring or fall semesters or during one of the two summer sessions of Penn 's academic calendar . Sites include Australia , England , Botswana , Hong Kong , Spain , and Thailand .
Notable people
Faculty
Linda Aiken , health services researcher
Claire Fagin , Dean Emerita , first woman to serve as interim president of an Ivy League university
Sarah H. Kagan , gerontological nurse and MacArthur fellow
Alumni
Ruth Lubic , nurse midwife and MacArthur fellow
Student
Anthony Scarpone-Lambert , inventor of uNight Light , `` a wearable light-emitting diode , or LED , that allows nurses to illuminate their work space without interrupting a patient 's sleep . ''
Research centers
Barbara Bates Center for the Study of the History of Nursing
Center for Global Women 's Health
Center for Health Outcomes and Policy Research
NewCourtland Center for Transitions and Health
See also
University of Pennsylvania
Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania
Guatemala Health Initiative , a University of Pennsylvania-affiliated private aid organization ; partners with the School of Nursing in program delivery
References
External links
Educational institutions established in 1935
University of Pennsylvania schools
Nursing schools in Pennsylvania
1935 establishments in Pennsylvania
Roger Beatty ( January 24 , 1933 – April 6 , 2020 ) was an American director , screenwriter and stage manager .
Beatty began their career in 1966 , as a stage manager for the television series The Danny Kaye Show . They later stage-managed for The Carol Burnett Show , Insight and The Red Skelton Hour , from 1967 . Beatty made their directorial debut in The Carol Burnett Show as an associate director . In 1969 , they wrote an sketch for the television series , as becoming a screenwriter for The Carol Burnett Show .
Later in their career , Beatty directed for the television film Of Thee I Sing , with Dave Powers and Dick Hall . They also won and was nominated for Primetime Emmy Awards over the years . In 1988 , Beatty retired their career , as last directing for the television series Mama 's Family .
Beatty died in April 2020 , after battling with prostate cancer , at their home in Palm Desert , California , at the age of 87 .
References
External links
1933 births
2020 deaths
People from Los Angeles
Deaths from prostate cancer
American television directors
American film directors
American screenwriters
American directors
American male screenwriters
American television writers
American male television writers
Stage managers
Alita is a feminine given name used primarily in English and Spanish . It is a short form of Adalita , which is derivation from the Old High German `` Adalhaidis ” , from the Proto-Germanic words , meaning `` noble '' and , meaning `` appearance ; kind '' ( compare German Adel `` nobility '' , edel `` noble '' , nominalizing suffix -heit `` -hood '' ) , hence meaning `` elite '' or `` nobility '' .
Alita may refer to :
People
Alita Fahey , Australian actor
Alita Guillen ( born 1970 ) , U.S. reporter
Alita Román ( 1912–1989 ) , Argentine film actor
Battle Angel Alita
Alita ( Battle Angel Alita ) ( ) , the main character from a Japanese manga series
Battle Angel Alita ( ) , the Japanese manga series , starring the eponymous Alita
Battle Angel ( OVA ) , sometimes called `` Alita '' , anime based on the manga
Alita : Battle Angel , an American film based on the manga series
Lithuania
Alita , Lithuania ( ) , a Belarusian name for the city of Alytus
Alita ( company ) , a company from Alytus
BC Alita , a former basketball club from Alytus
Other uses
Alita , a character from Flight to Mars , the American film
See also
Aelita ( disambiguation )
Elita ( disambiguation )
Aleta ( disambiguation )
Altia
Paul Kevin Riley ( born 18 November 1981 ) is an English cricketer . Riley is a right-handed batsman . They were born in Rushcliffe , Nottinghamshire .
Riley represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Cumberland in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002 . In their only List A match they scored 2 runs .
They currently play club cricket for Caythorpe Cricket Club in Nottinghamshire Cricket Board Premier League .
References
External links
Paul Riley at Cricinfo
Paul Riley at CricketArchive
1981 births
Living people
People from Rushcliffe ( district )
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
William Atkinson Jones ( March 21 , 1849 – April 17 , 1918 ) was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1891 to 1918 from the first district of the Commonwealth of Virginia .
Early life
Jones was born in Warsaw , Virginia on March 21 , 1849 coming from honorable American stock . Their great-grandfather , Joseph Jones , was a general in the Revolutionary War , an intimate and trusted friend of Lafayette , and subsequently postmaster of Petersburg , Virginia by appointment of Thomas Jefferson . Thomas Jones , the son of Joseph , married Mary Lee , the daughter of Richard Lee , long a member of the Virginia House of Burgesses from Westmoreland County , a first cousin of the famous Richard Henry Lee ; and from this marriage was born Thomas Jones II , their father who married Anne Seymour Trowbridge of Plattsburgh , New York . James Trowbridge , their maternal grandfather , was recognized by the Congress for their gallantry at the Battle of Plattsburgh in 1814 . They came from a good heritage , a heritage of which they never boasted , but which they exemplified by a life of high purpose and eminent usefulness .
Education
Their boyhood fell during the American Civil War . Their father , a former soldier , lawyer , and a judge entered them as a cadet at the Virginia Military Institute in Lexington in the fall of 1864 , where they remained until the evacuation of Richmond , serving as occasion required with the corps of that famous institute in defense of the capital of their State . Thus , as a boy of 16 they did arduous and valiant military service . They were then placed in Coleman 's School , at Fredericksburg from which they entered the University of Virginia at Charlottesville in October , 1868 . They graduated with distinction in its School of Law in June , 1870 . They were also a noted athlete in school .
They were admitted to the bar in 1870 and commenced practice in Warsaw , Virginia . They became a Commonwealth attorney for several years .
Politics
Jones became active in the Democratic Party politics and served as a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1880 , 1896 , and 1900 . They were elected to thirteen consecutive Congresses beginning in 1891 . From 1911 to 1918 , they served as Chairman of the House Committee on Insular Affairs , which had jurisdiction over areas including the Philippines and Puerto Rico . They are best remembered as the House sponsor of the Jones Act or the Philippine Autonomy Act , which promised ultimate independence to the Philippines . They also sponsored the Jones-Shafroth Act , which modified the Organic Act of Puerto Rico and conferred United States citizenship on Puerto Ricans .
Elections
Family
William Atkinson Jones was married to Claude Douglas Motley ( b . 1864 ) of James , Virginia on January 23 , 1889 in Lynchburg , Virginia . The couple had a son , also named William Atkinson Jones , and a daughter , Anne Seymour . William Jr. became a lawyer like their father and served in World Wars I & II .
Their grandson William A. Jones III also pursued a military career , and was awarded the Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War .
Death
On April 7 , 1918 , Jones was attacked by paralysis and was taken to George Washington University Hospital in Washington , D.C . They remained unconscious from the day of the attack till they died on April 17 , 1918 . They were buried at the graveyard of St. John 's Episcopal Church in Warsaw on April 19 . The monument on their grave was paid for by the citizens of the Philippines as a token of gratitude for their support of their independence by authoring the Philippine Autonomy Act enacted in 1916 .
Their personal and official papers were donated to the Special Collections Library of the University of Virginia and are open for research .
Memorials
Jones was well loved all over the Philippine archipelago for their work for the passage of the law that bears their name . A major bridge in Manila , Jones Bridge , was named after him . Construction of the bridge was started by the Americans in 1916 to replace the historical bridge , Puente de España ( Bridge of Spain ) , one block upriver after it was destroyed by flood in 1914 . At the time of Jones 's death the new bridge , which was still under construction , was named in their honor . The Philippine Legislature had appropriated funds for the erection of a mausoleum over their tomb in Warsaw , their home town , and a monument in Manila .
The new municipality of Jones , Isabela was named in their honor when it was inaugurated in 1921 . The municipality of Banton , Romblon was renamed as Jones in 1918 in their honor but reverted to its old name in 1959 .
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office ( 1900–49 )
References
Sources
65th Congress ( 1919 ) . `` William Atkinson Jones Memorial Addresses '' . The Joint Committee on Printing , Washington .
External links
Official Congressional bio
William A. Jones , late a representative from Virginia , Memorial addresses delivered in the House of Representatives and Senate frontispiece 1917
1849 births
1918 deaths
People from Warsaw , Virginia
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia
19th-century American politicians
Deans of the United States House of Representatives
Udachne ( ) is an urban-type settlement in the Pokrovsk Raion , Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine . The population is
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001 :
Ukrainian 87.65 %
Russian 12.00 %
Belarusian 0.29 %
Moldovan ( Romanian ) 0.06 %
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
OHCA may refer to :
Oklahoma Health Care Authority
Out-of-hospital cardiac arrest
Author ! Author ! is the only studio album by the Scottish post-punk band Scars . It was released in 1981 .
Track listing
All tracks composed by Scars ; except where indicated
Side A
Side B
2007 reissue
In 2007 the album was reissued on CD . Besides the original ten songs , it also contained the bonus songs most of which had been released on singles and an EP in 1980 and 1981 .
Track listing
Personnel
Scars
Robert King - vocals
Paul Research - electric guitar , piano , backing vocals
John Mackie - bass guitar , backing vocals
Stephen McLaughlin - drums , percussion
with :
Bobby Charm , Julz Sale , Laurence Diana , Robert Blamire - backing vocals
External links
Author ! Author ! at Discogs
1981 debut albums
Scars ( band ) albums
Charisma Records albums
Saint Joseph 's Church is a cultural heritage monument in Stubëll e Epërme , Vitina , Kosovo .
History and description
Saint Joseph 's Church was built of reinforced concrete in 1969 with a façade of well-hewn stone from Stubllavaçë , the same source used for Saint Anthony of Padua 's church in Binač . The façade stones are sloped and tinted gray , and the edifice is topped with a Latin cross inscribed as follows : Martirët tanë 1846–1848 ( “ Our martyrs 1846–1848 ” ) .
The church is triangular , featuring a nave from transept to apse and two side naves with no apse . The apse is pentagonal on the exterior , with two corners facing inward and three facing out . Patterns from older early Christian churches , in which side naves were lower than the main one , are reversed here with the main nave at the lowest level . The naves are divided by square pillars with no arcades , giving the church 's ceiling the appearance of a coffin .
The entrance includes an open porch , behind which a small corridor with windows and three doors lead to the chapel . The main entrance is used most often in wedding and communion ceremonies , while the side ones are separated by gender for parishioners , the right for men and the left for women .
The three naves where the pews stand each end with one major feature of the church . The main one leads to the chancel , the right to the baptistery , and the left to the pulpit , as in St. Anthony 's of Binač . The central altar includes relics and is emblazoned with an engraved `` M , '' which like the cross commemorates the Expulsion of Karadak , an 1846–1848 atrocity in which Catholic Albanians were expelled from four villages by troops of the Ottoman Empire and forced to resettle in Turkey , many dying along the way . Four pilasters symbolize the villages , namely Stubbla proper , Binač , Vërnakolla , and Terziaj . An improvised two-part base holds the priest 's chair , and others are nearby for deacons and to hold communion wafers . In each of two corners of the altar room lays a slab over four grooved pillars . Above the left slab is a depiction of Our Lady of Lourdes and a worshipper , while above the right slab is a carving of the church 's patron Saint Joseph . Two side entrances lead to different rooms , one for the priest and one for attendants , each with entryways to the outside .
The church choir and orchestra sit on the floor opposite the apse . A choir is raised 30 cm above the floor and includes stairs of four different types of wood . Iron stairs lead there from the right entrance of the chapel . The apse walls include notable murals : the front depicts the Last Supper , the right wall Calvary , and the left is used with the right to form a diptych about the Expulsion . 14 framed figures depict the Stations of the Cross . The apse ceiling is engraved with a Latin cross and illuminated by its own windows . Eight windows from all four sides of the naves light up the chapel .
An altarpiece in front of the right nave was taken from Saint Anne 's Church in Dunav , Gjilan , which today lacks worshipers . The left nave is fronted by a mural of Jesus . The integrated bell tower has three rows of windows where it rises up . The first row includes two windows on each of the four sides , while the other two rows have each add one more per side . The belfry ends includes several points , the highest of them being the cross . The church lies on a gentle hill with a well-arranged churchyard of trees , greens , and cobblestone walkways .
References
Roman Catholic churches in Kosovo
The Hungary national under-17 football team represents Hungary in association football at under-17 age level and is controlled by the Hungarian Football Federation , the governing body for football in Hungary . The current manager of the team is Sándor Preisinger .
Competition history
UEFA U-16/17 European Championship record
FIFA U-17 World Cup record
Recent results
2022 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification
Qualifying round
Elite round
Team
Current squad
Competition:2018 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship ( first round )
Match Dates:6 October 2018
Opposition :
Recent callups
The following players have been selected by Hungary in the past 12 months .
Coaching staff
See also
Hungary national football team
Hungary national under-21 football team
Hungary national under-19 football team
References
External links
Hungary national under-17 football team information , profile and news on the Hungarian Football Federation official website
under-17
European national under-17 association football teams
The 1953 Washington Senators won 76 games , lost 76 , and finished in fifth place in the American League . They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium . This was their last winning season until 1962 .
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note : Pos = Position ; G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note : G = Games played ; AB = At bats ; H = Hits ; Avg . = Batting average ; HR = Home runs ; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; IP = Innings pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note : G = Games pitched ; W = Wins ; L = Losses ; SV = Saves ; ERA = Earned run average ; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS : Charlotte
References
External links
1953 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1953 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
The 2014 AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic was held from September 18 to 21 at the Brockville Country Club in Brockville , Ontario as part of the 2014–15 World Curling Tour . Both the men 's and women 's events were held in a round robin format . The purse for the men 's event was CAD $ 45,400 , while the purse for the women 's event was CAD $ 18,000 .
On the men 's side , the defending Olympic champion Brad Jacobs rink from Sault Ste . Marie defeated the newly formed Adam Casey rink from Charlottetown , to win their second straight `` Shorty '' title . On the women 's side , the Sherry Middaugh rink from Coldwater , Ontario also won their second Shorty title , defeating Scotland 's Eve Muirhead to win the event .
Men
Teams
The teams are as follows :
Standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Playoffs
Women
Teams
The teams are as follows :
Round Robin Standings
Final Round Robin Standings
Playoffs
References
External links
2014
AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic
AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic
AMJ Campbell Shorty Jenkins Classic
Harima Sake Culture Tourism is an activity of the Harima United , which is made up of 12 cities and nine towns . The committee was founded and began as a coordinated collaboration of 7 cities and 8 towns in the Harima region on May 29 , 2012 , and added 5 cities and 1 town of northern Harima on August 30 of the same year . To promote Harima 's regional brand as `` Harima : Hometown of Japanese Sake , '' and communicate Harima 's charm to the world , the activity involves running day trips and overnight tours in cooperation with 4 of Harima 's regional sake brewery associations .
Summary
To further the promotion of tourism and the local brand commodity , sake , using `` Harima : Hometown of Japanese Sake '' as a regional brand , starting in September of last year , the Harima Regional Cooperative Committee began `` Harima Sake Culture Tourism '' with the Harima Sake Culture Tourism Board , made up of 4 of Harima 's sake brewery associations , and work to spread information domestically and abroad about Harima , and promote the Harima region .
Business
Tourism
They hold periodic tours to regional culinary and cultural resources such as Harima 's sake breweries and Yamada Nishiki rice fields in cooperation with the Harima Sake Culture Tourism Board ( made up of 4 of Harima 's sake brewery associations ) and local bus travel companies . The first tour to these breweries was held on September 15 , 2012 , and since then they have continued to hold them about once a month .
Project to Strengthen and Rebuild a Tourist Destination with Charm through the Cooperation of Public and Private Sectors
Using the `` Project to Strengthen and Rebuild a Tourist Destination with Charm through the Cooperation of Public and Private Sectors , '' which was selected by the Japan Tourism Agency to be a funded project in March 2013 , public and private sectors collaborate to entice tourists from Kyoto , Osaka , Kobe , and other large cities through planning of activities such as overnight tours in cooperation with JTB West Japan Inc .
Transmission of information
They promote the Harima region by sending out information about Harima 's sake , both domestically and abroad , through Facebook and their web page .
Participation breweries
22 breweries of the Harima region participate in Harima Sake Culture Tourism .
Ibogawa river・Chikusagawa river basin
Honda Shoten ( 本田商店 )
Yaegaki Shuzou ( jp : ヤヱガキ酒造 )
Okufuji Shouji ( jp : 奥藤商事 )
Simomura Shuzou ( 下村酒造店 )
Oimatu Shuzou ( jp : 老松酒造 )
Sanyouhai Shuzou ( 山陽盃酒造 )
Yumesaki river・Ichikawa river・Kakogawa river ( East Harima ) River basin
Tubosaka Shuzou ( 壷坂酒造 )
Kanzaki Shuzou ( 神崎酒造 )
Meijou Shuzou ( 名城酒造 )
Tanaka Shuzoujhou ( 田中酒造場 )
Nadagiku Shuzoujp : 灘菊酒造 )
Izawa Honke ( jp : 井澤本家 )
Okada Honke ( 岡田本家 )
King Jhouzou ( jp : キング醸造 )
Kakogawa river ( North Harima ) River basin
Inami Shuzou ( 稲見酒造 )
Kamimusubi Shuzou ( jp : 神結酒造 )
Miyake Shuzou ( 三宅酒造 )
Fukunishiki ( jp : 富久錦 )
Akasi Sakerui Jhouzou ( jp : 明石酒類醸造 )
Eigasaki Shuzou ( jp : 江井ヶ嶋酒造 )
Ibaraki Shuzou ( 茨木酒造 )
Nishiumi Shuzou ( 西海酒造 )
character `` Moririi ''
To spread the local brand , `` Harima : Hometown of Japanese Sake , '' broadly nationwide , the character `` Moririi '' was born , whose name comes from the Japanese words to boost ( moriageru ) the Harima region and fill up the Harima region with fun sake ( sakemori ) .
Their hobby is visiting sake breweries and their talent is sake tasting - they can taste the difference between all of Harima 's different sakes . Modeled after the feudal lord from the Age of Civil War , Mori Tomonobu ( jp : 母里友信 ) , their helmet says `` Harima '' , they hold a sake cup in their hand , a bottle of sake that says `` Hometown of Japanese Sake '' hangs from their back , and they strive to promote the Harima region as a character that is cute , though they are an old man .
References
External links
Official website
Official Facebook
Hyōgo Prefecture
Tourism in Japan
Sandra Muller ( born 31 May 1980 ) is a Dutch former footballer who played for the Netherlands women 's national football team between 1997 and 2006 .
References
Living people
1980 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Netherlands women 's international footballers
Dutch women 's footballers
Women 's association footballers not categorized by position
This is a list of the managers of the Peru national football team .
List
Information for this list , specifically the managers since 1983 , is obtained from the Peruvian sports journal Depor .
Manager game results
Jose del Solar
Sergio Markarián
See also
List of Peru international footballers
Peruvian Football Federation
References
External links
Lists of national association football team managers
Pawnee High School is part of the public school system located in Pawnee , Oklahoma .
There are three schools in the system : an elementary school , a middle school and a high school . The school colors are red , white , and black . The mascot for the high school , middle school , and elementary school mascot is the Black Bear .
As of 2018 , the superintendent is Ned Williams , who has served Pawnee Public Schools since 1972 , and the principal is Bobby Miller .
History
Early builders used native sandstone to construct the first school buildings . The original Pawnee High School had only eight classrooms . Local contractor T.M . Grant , completed it in 1900 . A three-story building replaced this structure April 1912 . It held first- through twelfth-grade classrooms , administration offices , a 700-seat auditorium , and a gymnasium . So large and imposing , it was known locally as the Capitol Building and served the community until 1962 .
The school published its first yearbook in 1919 . A student who worked on it , Chester Gould , became famous for creating the Dick Tracy comic strip in the 1930s .
In 1943 , the Works Project Administration built a new elementary school using rocks from the first school building . Reflecting the segregationist politices of the era , the community built a separate school for African American students in September 1948 .
In 1972 , Pawnee joined with the Morrison , Glencoe , Stillwater , Mulhall-Orlando , and Guthrie school districts to form a vocational-technical school to help students pursue vocational trades after high school . Meridian Technology Center continues to serve these communities .
The newest building project for the Pawnee Public School system is the 8,000-square-foot domed tornado shelter located in the middle of the elementary school campus . Completed in early 2015 , the shelter can fit the entire school population of more than 1,000 people .
Present day
Currently , the school system includes an elementary school for kindergarten through fifth grade , a middle school for grades six through eight , and a high school for grades nine through twelve .
References
Public high schools in Oklahoma
Schools in Pawnee County , Oklahoma
Pawnee , Oklahoma
Broadrick is a surname . Notable people with the surname include :
Annette Broadrick ( born 1938 ) , American novel writer
Justin Broadrick ( born 1969 ) , English musician , singer and songwriter
Justin Broadrick discography
Other uses
Broadrick v. Oklahoma , US Supreme Court decision
Broadrick Secondary School , Singapore
See also
Brodrick
Broderick ( disambiguation )
Sebastian Ofner ( born 12 May 1996 ) is an Austrian professional tennis player . They have a career high ATP singles ranking of World No . 126 achieved on 6 May 2019 . They were a semifinalist at the 2017 Generali Open Kitzbühel in their home country .
Professional career
2017 : ATP and Grand Slam debut at Wimbledon & third round
Ofner made their ATP main draw debut at the 2017 Wimbledon Championships after going through qualifying , defeating Kimmer Coppejans , Miljan Zekić and Jay Clarke . In the first round , they beat Thomaz Bellucci in straight sets . In the next round , they upset world No . 18 Jack Sock in a five-setter .
In August , Ofner caused another surprise in front of their home crowd at the 2017 Generali Open Kitzbühel by defeating first seed Pablo Cuevas as a wildcard in the second round . They then won over Renzo Olivo to reach the semifinals where they fell to João Sousa .
2018 : Maiden Challenger title
Ofner won their maiden ATP Challenger title at the President 's Cup in Astana .
2022 : French Open debut
At the 2022 French Open they qualified to make their Grand Slam main draw debut at this Major . They lost to World No . 3 Alexander Zverev in the first round .
Challenger and Futures finals
Singles : 17 ( 8–9 )
Doubles : 9 ( 3–6 )
Singles performance timeline
Current through the 2022 French Open .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Austrian male tennis players
People from Bruck an der Mur
Sportspeople from Styria
Rowley station is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Rowley , Massachusetts . It is the penultimate station on the Newburyport branch of the Newburyport/Rockport Line .
History
The small Boston and Maine Railroad ( B & M ) station building in Rowley was in disrepair by 1961 , and was later demolished . Service to the station ended on April 20 , 1967 , when the B & M received permission from the Interstate Commerce Commission to discontinue all service on the line ( which had been cut back from Portsmouth to in January 1965 ) ; at that point , service beyond consisted of only one daily round trip to North Station . Both Rowley and Newburyport were , at the time , outside the MBTA 's service district ; the town of Newburyport signed a subsidy agreement with the MBTA , allowing it to continue to receive service , but Rowley did not , and its station closed . Newburyport service continued to run until April 2 , 1976 .
The current station opened on October 26 , 1998 , as part of the restoration of service on the Newburyport/Rockport Line between Ipswich and Newburyport . As with Newburyport , the new station was built with a full-length high-level platform , which allows level boarding for all cars of even the longest MBTA trains .
References
External links
MBTA - Rowley
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County , Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Rowley , Massachusetts
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1998
Bellfield is a council housing area in the south-east of Kilmarnock , Scotland .
Education
Bellfield is home to two primary schools Kirkstyle Primary School and Bellfield Primary School ( Both to be replaced by a new school ) . Kirkstyle Primary has two entrances ; the main entrance is from Carron avenue across a car park , and the other from Annan road across a car park and onto a playground and grassed area . Bellfield Primary has a car park entrance on Tinto Avenue and a pupil entrance on Whatriggs Road .
Transport
Bellfield is served by two bus routes , provided by the Stagecoach Group . These are the number 6 and the number 7 . The number 6 service goes out by Asda and then through the town centre . The number 7 provides a quicker route to the town centre .
Local Amenities
A group of shops , located on Whatriggs Road , opposite the primary school , serve the local community . Known locally as `` The Bellfield Shoaps '' ( `` shoap '' being the Scots word for shop ) , these comprise two grocery shops , a charity shop , a Library and council office , a butcher 's , two hairdresser 's , a Chinese takeaway ( Wing Wah ) and an Indian takeaway . One of the grocery shops is `` Morning , Noon & Night `` , more usually known locally as `` The Co-Op '' .
Bellfield had a community centre , also located on Whatriggs Road ( That has since been demolished ) .
East Ayrshire Council
Kilmarnock
Housing estates in Scotland
This is a list of the French SNEP Top 100 Singles and Top 75 Albums number-ones of 1999 .
Number-ones by week
Singles Chart
Albums Chart
Top Ten Best Sales
This is the ten best-selling singles and albums in 1999 .
Singles
Albums
References
See also
1999 in music
List of number-one hits ( France )
List of artists who reached number one on the French Singles Chart
1999 in French music
1999 record charts
Lists of number-one songs in France
Jaiden Waggoner ( born February 3 , 1997 ) is an American soccer player .
Career
College & Amateur
Waggoner began playing college soccer at Brigham Young University , where they played soccer with the college team in the USL PDL . In their sophomore year they transferred to Utah Valley University , where they played for a further three seasons .
Waggoner also spent time in the PDL with Albuquerque Sol , but never made an appearance for the team .
Professional
On July 8 , 2020 , Waggoner signed with USL Championship side Las Vegas Lights . They made their professional debut on August 15 , 2020 , starting in a 1–0 loss to Orange County SC .
References
External links
Utah Valley profile
1997 births
Living people
American soccer players
Association football defenders
BYU Cougars men 's soccer players
Utah Valley Wolverines men 's soccer players
Albuquerque Sol FC players
Las Vegas Lights FC players
Soccer players from Utah
People from Spanish Fork , Utah
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
For information on all Lamar University sports , see Lamar Cardinals and Lady Cardinals
The 2014–15 Lamar Cardinals basketball team represented Lamar University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season . The Cardinals , led by first year head coach Tic Price , played their home games at the Montagne Center and were members of the Southland Conference .
After former head coach , Pat Knight , was fired on February 16 , 2014 , the Cardinals finished the season with a record of 1–4 under interim head coach , Tic Price . Price was named head coach on March 18 , 2014 . The 2014–2015 was coach Price 's first season as the Cardinals ' head coach .
The Cardinals were picked to finish tenth ( 10th ) in the conference in both the Coaches ' Poll and the Sports Information Director polls .
The Cardinals finished the season 15–15 , 9–9 in Southland play to finish in sixth place . Due to APR penalties , they were not eligible for postseason play , including the Southland Tournament . Compared to total wins ( all Division I ) for the previous two seasons of three and four respectively , the fifteen wins ( eleven wins over NCAA Division I competition ) represented a marked improvement .
Two Cardinals were recognized by the Southland Conference at the conclusion of the regular season . Tyran de Lattibeaudiere received several Southland Conference honors . They were named Southland Conference Newcomer of the Year . In addition , they were named to both the conference All-Defense team and the All-Southland Conference , 2nd team . Anthony Holiday was named to the All-Southland Conference , 3rd team .
Media
All Lamar Cardinals home games except those otherwise contracted for will be broadcast online live by Big Red Sports Network ( BRSN ) .
Off season
On April 16 , Tic Price named their coaching staff . Anthony Anderson , Robert Kummer , and Antonio Madlock were named assistant coaches . On May 16 , Coach Madlock resigned to take a similar position at Mississippi . Price completed their staff on June 27 naming Matt Pace as Director of Basketball Operations . Brian Burton was named assistant coach filling the vacancy left by Antonio Madlock 's departure in May .
In May , Lamar was informed that the men 's basketball team would not be eligible for postseason play for failure to achieve NCAA APR standards . The team also has reduced practice from six days per week down to five per week and will be allowed only 16 hours of practice time a week instead of the normal 20 hours per week . The Lamar men 's basketball program was one of nine programs that did not meet the APR standards .
Departures
Class of 2014 signees
Roster
ֶ
Schedule and Results
Season Results :
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' '' | Out of Conference
|-
! colspan=12 style= '' '' | Conference Games
See also
2014–15 Lamar Lady Cardinals basketball team
References
Lamar Cardinals basketball seasons
Lamar
Lamar Cardinals basketball
Lamar Cardinals basketball
The red-capped manakin ( Ceratopipra mentalis ) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae .
It is found in Belize , Colombia , Costa Rica , Ecuador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , Nicaragua , Peru and Panama .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest .
The bird is probably best known for the male 's unusual courting method whereby they shuffle rapidly backwards across a branch , akin to a speedy moonwalk .
Taxonomy
The red-capped manakin was formally described and illustrated in 1857 by the English zoologist Philip Sclater based on specimen collected by Auguste Sallé in Córdoba , Veracruz , southern Mexico . Sclater placed the species in the genus Pipra and coined the binomial name Pipra mentalis . The specific epithet mentalis is Latin meaning `` pertaining to the chin '' .
The red-capped manakin was moved to the genus Ceratopipra when molecular phylogenetic studies found that Pipra was non-monophyletic . It is closely related to , and in eastern Panama sometimes hybridizes with , the golden-headed manakin .
Three subspecies are recognized subspecies :
Ceratopipra mentalis mentalis ( Sclater , PL , 1857 ) – southeast Mexico to east Costa Rica
Ceratopipra mentalis ignifera ( Bangs , 1901 ) – west Costa Rica and west Panama
Ceratopipra mentalis minor ( Hartert , 1898 ) – east Panama , west Colombia and northwest Ecuador
Description
The red-capped manakin is a small passerine , measuring in length and weighing . The male is velvety black apart from a bright red head and nape , bright yellow thighs , and a pale yellow chin and wing linings . The female is olive green above , with paler , more yellow-green underparts . Both sexes have dull brown legs . The male 's irides are white , while those of the female and young are brown .
While the adult male is distinctive , the female and youngsters can be confused with several similar species . The male golden-collared manakin is larger , and has orange ( rather than brown ) legs , while the female velvety manakin is a brighter green ( rather than olive ) .
Habitat and range
Found primarily in humid forest and second growth woodland , the red-capped manakin typically occurs below above sea level , though it sometimes ranges as high as . Most are resident , but some individuals are known to migrate to take advantage of changing food resources : the number of red-capped manakins caught in mist nets at La Selva Biological Reserve , in eastern Costa Rica , tripled in January and February , when a favored fruit ripened , for example , while the number caught at a nearby higher elevation site ( where the fruits were not found ) dropped to zero .
Behavior
Food and feeding
The red-capped manakin is a frugivore , feeding almost exclusively on fruits . These pass very quickly through the bird 's digestive system , typically taking less than 18 minutes to process . Seeds from a variety of plants are consumed ; one study in Costa Rica found evidence of 70 species , including those from the genera Clidemia , Hampea , Henriettea , Leandra , Miconia , Ossaea , Pinzona and Psychotria , in the fecal droppings of red-capped manakins .
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Animated .gif of the `` moonwalk ''
red-capped manakin
Birds of Central America
Birds of Mexico
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
red-capped manakin
red-capped manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
José Peralta may refer to :
Jose Peralta ( 1971–2018 ) , member of the New York State Senate
José María Peralta ( 1807–1883 ) , President of El Salvador in 1859
As It Happens ... is a 2009 live album by guitarist Gordon Giltrap .
Recorded Live at Dorchester Arts Centre on 27 January 2007 , As It Happens ... is the first fully complete live album by Gordon Giltrap featuring all the music and talking uncut .
Track listing
All tracks composed by Gordon Giltrap ; except where noted .
Disc One
`` Maddie Goes West ''
`` Appalachian Dreaming ''
`` 5 Dollar Guitar ''
`` God Save the Queen / Smoke on the Water '' ( Traditional / Ian Gillan , Roger Glover , Jon Lord , Ian Paice , Ritchie Blackmore )
`` Here Comes the Sun '' ( George Harrison )
`` Isabella 's Wedding ''
`` At Giltrap 's Bar ''
`` The Dodo 's Dream ''
`` Rainbow Kites ''
Disc Two
`` Tears of Joy ''
`` Rain in the Doorway ''
`` Summer Holiday / A Misunderstood Man '' ( Brian Bennett , Bruce Welch / John Farrar , Tim Rice )
`` Sallie 's Song ''
`` The Lord 's Seat ''
`` Mrs. Singer 's Waltz ''
`` A Dublin Day ''
`` Simply Margaret ''
`` Heartsong ''
`` Lucifer 's Cage ''
`` The Dodo 's Dream ( Demonstration ) ''
Personnel
Gordon Giltrap – all Guitars
References
External links
`` ``
Dorchester Arts
2009 live albums
Gordon Giltrap albums
Navigation Homes Stadium is based in Pukekohe , New Zealand . Its usual tenants are the Counties Manukau Rugby Union Steelers , a team that plays in the Bunnings Warehouse NPC .
In July 2009 , Counties Manukau announced that Bayer New Zealand Ltd would be the main sponsor of their organisation and the Growers Stadium would be known as Bayer Growers Stadium .
Later the main sponsor of the team and stadium became ECOlight , an energy efficient lighting company based in New Zealand , and the stadium became known as ECOlight Stadium .
In 2018 , the sponsor changed to Navigation Homes .
References
Rugby union stadiums in New Zealand
Sports venues in the Auckland Region
Dryobalanops aromatica , commonly known as Borneo camphor , camphor tree , Malay camphor , or Sumatran camphor , is a species of critically endangered plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae . The species name aromatica is derived from Latin ( aromaticus meaning spice-like ) and refers to the smell of the dammar ( resin ) . This species was one of the main sources of camphor and attracted early Arab traders to Borneo , at that time being worth more than gold , and used for incense and perfumes .
It is found in Sumatra , peninsular Malaysia , and Borneo .
It is a large emergent tree , up to 65 m or even 75 m tall , found in mixed dipterocarp forests on deep humic yellow sandy soils . It is a heavy hardwood sold under the trade names of Kapur . It is recorded from at least two protected areas ( Lambir and Gunung Mulu National Parks ) .
Bergenin , malaysianol A , laevifonol , ampelopsin E , α-viniferin , ε-viniferin and diptoindonesin A can be isolated from the stem bark of D. aromatica .
Dryobalanops aromatica is one of several tree species known to exhibit a behavior called crown shyness .
References
aromatica
Trees of Sumatra
Trees of Peninsular Malaysia
Trees of Borneo
Flora of Sabah
Critically endangered flora of Asia
The R14 Regional Highway is a highway which runs entirely within the Volta Region of Ghana , linking the Akatsi South District and the Agotime Ziope District . It is also known as the Akatsi-Ziope road .
Akatsi South District
The R14 starts as a junction off the N1 national highway where it branches off on its northern side before bending northwest through the town of Akatsi . It intersects the R12 within Akatsi before heading northwest out of town . It continues through Kopeyia Village and then Wute .
Agotime Ziope District
The R14 continues north into the Agotime Ziope District travelling through Kadzinkor Town before arriving at Ziope where it meets the R10 regional highway from Ho to Denu .
See also
Ghana Road Network
References
Roads in Ghana
The 1953 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska and member of the Big 7 Conference in the 1953 college football season . The team was coached by Bill Glassford and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln , Nebraska .
Before the season
Coach Glassford 's fifth year began with uncertainty , as no clear pattern had yet emerged as to what to expect from the program under their leadership . After alternating losing and winning seasons since their arrival , any relief the Cornhusker faithful had felt at the improvement in fortunes since the dismal 1940s was fading as expectations held out for greater successes along the lines of what the program had been known for since its beginning . The coaching staff remained essentially intact with just one change as a former Pittsburgh head coach joined the program as an assistant .
Schedule
Roster
Coaching staff
Game summaries
Oregon
Oregon arrived in Lincoln for the second-ever meeting of the programs following last year 's 28-13 Nebraska victory in Eugene . The Cornhuskers came out flat , and gave up two turnovers to the Ducks in the first quarter , both of which were converted into points . Nebraska managed only one meaningful drive during the entire contest , and Oregon departed having dealt the Cornhuskers a home-field loss to start the 1953 campaign .
Illinois
The Cornhuskers traveled to Champaign to renew a series last contested in 1925 , facing a favored Illinois team . The single-wing formation shown by coach Glassford against Oregon was nowhere to be found as Nebraska came out in the classic T-formation , to everyone 's surprise . A heavy air attack was also mounted against the unsuspecting Fighting Illini , and the Cornhuskers ran out to a 21-7 lead as the game clock began to wane . Illinois mounted a final counterattack that was enough to storm back and tie the game up at 21 , but they could not produce an outright win . Nebraska was now 5-2-1 against the Fighting Illini all-time . Illinois went on the finish the season 7-1-1 and ranked # 7 by the AP Poll .
Kansas State
An untimely fumble was all it took to spark Kansas State , as the Wildcats promptly converted the turnover into a touchdown . Kansas State never looked back and reeled off a total of 27 unanswered points . The flat Nebraska squad was thoroughly humiliated , as the Wildcats set new series records for most points scored on Nebraska and largest margin of victory . Even through the painful 1940s Nebraska had still managed to win eight of ten Kansas State games in that decade , and ten in a row against the Wildcats overall , before this completely demoralizing defeat . The win was just the fifth ever for Kansas State against the Cornhuskers in all 37 attempts .
Pittsburgh
The Cornhuskers traveled to Pittsburgh to renew another dormant series , facing the Panthers again for the first time since the bitter rivalry stalled after 1942 . Pittsburgh 's homecoming crowd watched nervously as the teams battled viciously throughout the entire game , and Nebraska was clinging to a tenuous 7-6 lead late . All of the frustrations harbored by the Cornhuskers following the devastating and record-breaking loss to Kansas State the week prior seemed to be bubbling to the surface . Finally , on the last play of the game , the Panthers punched in a final score to secure the win , sending the disappointed Nebraska squad home with just three wins in the overall series in all eighteen tries . Nebraska was now without a win in the first four games of the season for the first time since 1945 .
Miami
Miami arrived in Lincoln for the first time ever , as the squads met for only their second contest . The Nebraska passing defense was again suspect , and fumbles proved to almost be the undoing of the Nebraska attack . Somehow the Cornhuskers managed to produce enough points to overcome their troubles and Miami , and recorded the first win of 1953 to even the series at 1-1 .
Missouri
Nebraska found itself on a foreign field for an opponent 's homecoming game for the second time of the year in Columbia . The Cornhuskers quieted the crowd briefly by scoring first to go up 7-0 , but the Tigers responded in kind and did not let up until the final whistle ended the 23-7 decision . It was Missouri 's third straight over Nebraska as the Tigers chipped away at their series deficit , moving to 18-25-3 . The loss was Nebraska 's 50th all-time conference defeat .
Kansas
Once again the day was nearly defined by Nebraska 's ongoing problem with fumbles , but a stiff Cornhusker defensive stand kept the Jayhawks off of the scoreboard to secure a shutout victory of Kansas , which was also the first Nebraska home field win over Kansas since 1945 . The game had remained scoreless until the third quarter before even Nebraska found a way to cross the line , but the win was welcome and moved Nebraska to 43-13-3 in the series to date .
Iowa State
Nebraska managed to run up to a respectable lead early enough to grant some reserve players valuable on field time , and the backups rose to the challenge by shutting down Iowa State 's late rally to deny the Cyclone comeback . The highlights of the game were an 89-yard interception return for a touchdown , and a new-found solid Cornhusker pass defense . The win was Nebraska 's 8th straight in the series , as they moved to 38-8-1 against Iowa State all-time .
Colorado
The solid game effort seen against Iowa State seemed to fade as the Cornhuskers again struggled with untimely mistakes . Despite the miscues , Nebraska still had one final chance to snatch a victory , but was denied by a strong Colorado defensive stand on the goal line as time expired . It was another ruined Cornhusker homecoming , the third in a row , as Nebraska 's series lead against Colorado slipped to just 7-5 .
Oklahoma
Reigning league champion Oklahoma arrived in Lincoln at # 4 in the AP Poll , and had little difficulty putting away the Cornhuskers to close out Nebraska 's slate . It was the 37th straight Big 7 victory for the Sooners , as their entrenched dominance helped them to yet another conference championship . Nebraska had now lost eleven straight games to Oklahoma in a row , further extending the record single-team losing streak , and Nebraska 's series edge narrowed to just 16-14-3 .
After the season
The up and down alternating annual cycle that seemed to define coach Glassford 's Nebraska career to date continued , as the Cornhuskers posted another losing season , their third in five years at the helm . Coach Glassford still retained an overall losing record at 20-25-3 ( .448 ) , and the 2-4 1953 conference slate dragged their conference career total below average , to 14-15-1 ( .483 ) . The football program 's all-time conference record slipped to 134-52-12 ( .707 ) , and the overall record was now 336-173-34 ( .650 ) , the lowest percentage it had been since 1901 .
Sentiment was growing for change at the top , from supporters and even apparently from players , and the pressure contributed to the resignation of Athletic Director ( and former head football coach ) George Clark . The board requested the resignation of coach Glassford , but their contract , coupled with out-of-state support , contributed to Glassford surviving the storm and staying on at Nebraska . Another former head football coach , Adolph J. Lewandowski , who had preceded Clark and helmed Nebraska football in 1943 and 1944 , was named acting Athletic Director .
Future NFL and other professional league players
Charley Bryant , 1955 24th-round pick of the Green Bay Packers
Ted Connor , 1954 3rd-round pick of the Philadelphia Eagles
Don Glantz , 1955 5th-round pick of the Washington Redskins
Jerry Minnick , 1954 9th-round pick of the Washington Redskins
Ray Novak , 1954 14th-round pick of the Detroit Lions
Bob Smith , 1955 15th-round pick of the Cleveland Browns
References
Nebraska
Nebraska Cornhuskers football seasons
Nebraska Cornhuskers football
`` Make a Move on Me '' is a song recorded by singer Olivia Newton-John for their eleventh studio album . Physical ( 1981 ) . It was written by John Farrar and Tom Snow , and produced by the former . The follow-up single to the number-one hit `` Physical '' , it was released in January 1982 and peaked at number five on the US Billboard Hot 100 that April . It also became their twelfth and final single to be certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) .
In Canada , `` Make a Move on Me '' reached number four on the pop chart and number two for two weeks on the Adult Contemporary chart . It was blocked from the top spot on that chart by `` Key Largo '' by Bertie Higgins .
Juliana Hatfield covered the song on their album Juliana Hatfield Sings Olivia Newton-John .
Track listing and formats
7-inch vinyl single ( EMI , 1981 )
Make a Move on Me – 3:13
Falling – 3:42
7-inch vinyl single ( EMI , 1981 )
Make a Move on Me – 3:13
Stranger 's Touch – 3:49
12-inch promo single ( MCA , 1981 )
Make a Move on Me – 3:17
Make a Move on Me ( extended mix ) – 8:29
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
1982 singles
Olivia Newton-John songs
Songs written by Tom Snow
Songs written by John Farrar
Song recordings produced by John Farrar
MCA Records singles
1981 songs
Valladolid Science Museum ( ) was opened in May 2003 as a museum and an iconic piece of architecture based on an old flour mill . Rafael Moneo and Enrique de Teresa used a lot of the old industrial complex to create this new Science Museum .
Description
This municipal museum was designed by the architects Rafael Moneo and Enrique de Teresa with the help of Francisco Romero and Juan Jose Echevarria . The museum is to the south west of the city on the right bank of the River Pisuerga with an emblematic footbridge it is seen as a symbol of the city and for the region of Castilla y León .
North Plaza
Pío del Río Hortega was born in the city and after qualifying as a doctor went on to investigate what are now called neurons . They were responsible for discovering microglia . There is a statue of them outside ( and a permanent exhibition inside about neurons ) . Also in the plaza is a statue of Albert Einstein sitting at a bench with their calculations . The plaza also has a weather station .
Lobby
The permanent exhibition in the lobby includes two cars . The fastest is a Williams-Renault Formula 1 car that won the constructors prize . The earlier car is the only car that has been declared of cultural interest to Spain . This is a Renault 4/4 which were constructed in the city at the FASA plant . The lobby has temporary exhibitions and also displays local meteorites and a large model of the DNA molecule .
Besides an area dedicated to Castilla y León inventions and inventors there is an eleven metre high 80 kg Foucault Pendulum as well as a display of Louis Pasteur 's work improving wine production .
First Floor
The first floor has a number of interactive displays . One explains the different ways of generating electricity whilst a model of the town shows the cycle of water usage . A large display illustrates Mendeleev and their periodic table whilst another has a three eyed guide called Tripos who explains aquatic life .
River House
The River House ( Casa del Rio ) was first opened in 2007 , but it has since been extended to allow more aquariums , terrariums and interactive displays . The house exploits the museum 's location on the banks of the River Pisuerga to explain geography and ecology with reference to the city of Valladolid . The entire ecosystem is illustrated and includes examples of the important species of fish , amphibians and shellfish that should thrive in the region 's rivers . Displays illustrate metamorphosis of frogs and toads . The water cycle is explained and its importance in a time of climate change .
Planetarium
The museum claims the honour of having the first digital planetarium in Spain . The 11 metre dome is inclined at an angle of 15 degrees and s used to display astronomical animations of the solar system , galaxies and stars which are described by resident astronomers . The picture on the dome is created by 11.5 million pixels created by six aligned projectors .
References
Museums in Valladolid
Planetaria in Spain
Science museums in Spain
2003 establishments in Spain
Rafael Moneo buildings
The Ministry of Presidency of the Republic of Somaliland ( MoP ) ( ) ( ) was a Somaliland government ministry which is concerned about the presidential affairs . The last minister was Mohamoud Hashi Abdi
Ministers of Presidency
See also
Politics of Somaliland
Ministry of Civil Aviation ( Somaliland )
Ministry of Parliamentary Relations
References
External links
Official Site of the Government of Somaliland
Government ministries of Somaliland
Senator Maynard may refer to :
Andrew M. Maynard ( born 1962 ) , Connecticut State Senate
Harry L. Maynard ( 1861–1922 ) , Virginia State Senate
John Maynard ( New York politician ) ( 1786–1850 ) , New York State Senate
Mark R. Maynard ( born 1972 ) , West Virginia State Senate
William H. Maynard ( 1786–1832 ) , New York State Senate
Ischnomesidae is a family of isopods belonging to the order Isopoda .
Genera :
Contrarimesus Kavanagh & Wilson , 2007
Cornuamesus Kavanagh & Wilson , 2007
Fortimesus Kavanagh & Wilson , 2007
Gracilimesus Kavanagh & Wilson , 2007
Haplomesus Richardson , 1908
Heteromesus Richardson , 1908
Ischnomesus Richardson , 1908
Mixomesus Wolff , 1962
Stylomesus Wolff , 1956
References
Isopoda
Witness : Passing the Torch of Holocaust Memory to New Generations is a large format volume , published by Canadian Second Story Press , inspired by a 2014 United Nations exhibit of reflections and images of Holocaust survivors and students who have traveled on the March of the Living since 1988 . The exhibit and the book are intended to educate a new generation of students about the atrocities of the Second World War . In collaboration with March of the Living , an organization that spearheads visits to the Polish grounds where Nazi atrocities occurred , Toronto religious leader and Holocaust educator Eli Rubenstein compiled this book which includes an introduction from Pope Francis .
Witness features a unique interactive feature where the survivors , World War II liberators , and Righteous Among the Nations included in the book , have an invisible link embedded in their image . When their image is accessed with a smart phone or other device , the reader is taken to an excerpt of their video testimony on USC Shoah Foundation Institute for Visual History and Education ( created by Steven Spielberg ) or March of the Living Digital Archive Project websites . Translations in several other languages have been completed and/or published with the launch of the Polish language edition taking place in November 2018 at the Polin Museum , the Spanish edition ( Testimonios ; traspasar la antorcha de la memoria del holocausto a las nuevas generaciones ) launched in January 2019 , and the Hebrew edition scheduled for release in early to mid 2019 . The exhibit was on display at the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum until July 2016 . ( View March of the Living Exhibit at Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum . )
Survivor quotes
`` When you have hatred in your heart , there is no room for love . ''
Faigie Libman
`` Hate will destroy the person doing the hating . ''
Nate Leipciger
`` I am a strong believer that we must tell the stories to the youngsters – they are going to be our witnesses . But please present them in a way , with the kind of emotions , that will not create the same hatred that was done to us . ''
Max Glauben
`` I tell my story for the purpose of improving humanity , drop by drop . Like a drop of water falls on a stone and erodes it , so , hopefully , by telling my story over and over again , I will achieve the purpose of making the world a better place to live in . ''
Pinchas Gutter ( quoted by US President , Barack Obama )
After learning there were people today denying the Holocaust … . `` I said there and then , I would crawl on my
hands and knees all the way to Auschwitz-Birkenau , or anywhere else , to tell my story to anyone who was willing
to listen . This is why I march and why I still speak . ''
David Shentow
`` To be a survivor after the Holocaust , is to have all the reason in the world to destroy and not to destroy . To have all the reasons in the world to hate and not to hate… to have all the reasons in the world to mistrust and not to mistrust ... ''
Elie Wiesel
`` I never had a chance to say good-bye to my mother . We did n't know we had to say good-bye . …And I am an old woman today and I never made peace with the fact that I never had that last hug and kiss… .
They say , 'When you listen to a witness , you become a witness . ' I am only asking you to work for a world where nobody will have to live with memories like mine ever again . Please heal the world ........ ''
Judy Weissenberg Cohen
Reception
`` This truly engrossing book , filled with both harrowing and uplifting photos , as well as moving statements by those who went on the march , brings this experience to life for the readers . To browse through this volume is to realize how much our people have endured through the centuries and how resilient we are in reaffirming life in the aftermath of that most tragic of calamities , the Holocaust . The statements made by the participants are so eloquent as to defy easy description . Witness provides a capsule history of the Holocaust that is especially useful for someone who is unaware of what actually happened .. …What is perhaps most fascinating about this work is that despite its subject , the message is overwhelmingly positive….This is the true message of the book , to find hope and strength to make the world a better place . Witness is a beautiful and inspiring coffee table book in the most positive of ways . You want it there and will want to give it to others to remind them about the potential for all human beings to be caring and loving . '' Professor William Helmreich , Jerusalem Post
`` ... an auspicious book replete with touching stories , photographs and thoughts from some high-profile Holocaust activist like Elie Wiesel , the who 's who of international Survivors and reflections from the young people , of many faiths and backgrounds , 'who have heard their stories and vowed to never let the world forget them ' . '' Avrum Rosensweig , Founder , The Canadian Jewish Humanitarian & Relief Committee
`` The book itself is a treasure trove of photographs , poetry , commentary and history designed to enlighten a broad audience about the events of the Holocaust . '' Paul Lungen , Canadian Jewish News
`` Witness : Passing the Torch of Holocaust Memory to New Generations is a remarkable volume that testifies to the power of remembrance , commemoration , and education . '' Irene Tomaszewski , Cosmopolitan Review
`` The many photographs ( both archival and contemporary ) are compelling : individual faces help make the ungraspable numbers personal . ... VERDICT Recommended for most libraries . '' Patricia D. Lothrop , St. George 's School , Newport , RI
`` Witness is a moving project , one which serves as both a memorial to those lost and a charge to not let such events repeat themselves . Poems and testimonials explore topics ranging from the nature of evil to forgiveness , resulting in tremendous emotional pull . This is an important and worthwhile collection , laden with moral imperatives that none should evade . '' Michelle Anne Schingler , Foreword Reviews
`` Through this book and other memorials , it is hoped that the youth of this world will continue to fight against injustice and pursue the cause of peace . Place a stone on this book as a monument memory that must be preserved .
As you observe the images and the texts from over a quarter century of the March of the Living , I ask each one of you to decide how you are going to change the world , how you are going to honor the legacy of the survivors . Take a moment to pause and reflect and make a silent pledge to yourself to do your part in the fight for justice and equality . '' Aron Row , San Francisco Book Review
`` Witness is a great starting point for intermediate- level inquiry-based learning and a superb addition to school libraries . '' Stephanie Reisler , EFTO Voice
`` Witness is a courageous , eloquent and hopeful book . As the survivors near the horizon of their lives , they can rest assured that the torch of Holocaust memory has been successfully passed to a new generation , whose sincerity , idealism and commitment fill the pages of this uplifting and inspirational work . '' Irwin Cotler , National Post
`` ... an ambitious attempt to summarize the Holocaust and link it to both the March of the Living and the March of Remembrance and Hope . It succeeds . It draws on survivor testimony , young people 's writings , and ample archival and contemporary photography to transform the reader into a witness of genocide… .. It explores anti-Semitism and genocide , mass murders in the camps and by Einsatzgruppen , the reaction of the West , the death camps , resistance and profiles of resisters , survivor testimony of those participating in the commemorative marches , and passing the torch to the next generations . The narrative is well-written and emotionally provocative . '' Barbara Krasner , former member , Sydney Taylor Book Award Committee , New Jersey Association of Jewish Libraries Reviews
`` The uniqueness of this book is in its presentation of issues through the prism of individuals , using direct quotes from those who have marched from Auschwitz to Birkenau . As such , we are viewers of the authentic and powerful emotions regarding the topic . We do not see it from the distant philosophical and historical point of view but rather up close , with riveting testimonies from people who were there . It is one of the most intense and fascinating documentations of those who survived the Holocaust and those who are dedicated to its memory . The majestic achievement of this book , March of the Living and , most importantly , the survivors is their hope and fight for compassion in a place of darkness described by Elie Wiesel as “ the kingdom of night. ” In a time of rising hate crimes and increasing anti-Semitism , this book offers a sense of serenity . It informs us of the choice survivors have made to march for love and life . Reading this book will help you find your own March of the Living and your own way to deal with the atrocities of the past , hoping for a better future . '' Matan Dansker , Jerusalem Post
`` Looking through the book ... it is difficult to avoid emotions . Fragments of memories of Holocaust survivors , their photos and appeals to the next generations , stories of selfless help and words about the loss of loved ones - all this moves and makes you reflect . To move and make you reflect is also the goal of the March of the Living - an international program for education and memory , which this album presents .
It is striking that , despite such terrible experiences and the face to face contact with radical evil , many of them [ the survivors ] managed to keep faith in the possibility of victory for the good and perseverance in its proclamation . Max Glauben survived the Warsaw Ghetto and a number of concentration camps , including Majdanek . They came to the March of the Living eight times to share their experiences . “ I am a strong believer that we must tell the stories to the youngsters – they are going to be our witnesses. ” `` I am convinced that we must tell young people this story because they will be our witnesses , '' they said . 'But please present them in a way , with the kind of emotions , that will not create the same hatred that was done to us .. '' The call for young people to become `` witnesses of the witnesses '' and warnings against hatred are also repeated by other survivors participating in the March . Nate Leipciger , who survived the ghetto in Sosnowiec and the Auschwitz camp , warns : “ You can not have hate in your heart without being hateful against yourself . '' Dariusz Stola , Gazeta Wyborcza
Support
The March of the Living Digital Archive , which hosts many of the videos linked in the book was made possible in part , through grants from the Citizenship & Immigration Canada - Multiculturalism Section , and the Claims Conference . The Digital Archives Project aims to gather Holocaust testimony from Canadian survivors who , since 1988 , have traveled to Poland on the March of the Living to share their Holocaust stories with their young students in the locations they transpired .
2020 Edition
To commemorate the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II and the liberation of Europe from Nazi Germany , a special “ Liberation 75 ” edition of Witness was issued by Second Story Press .
The 2020 edition was supplemented with new liberation stories told by Holocaust survivors in both print and linked videos , along with additional content honouring those who rescued Jews during WWII .
The Preface to the 2020 edition includes new content regarding the March of the Living from Pope Francis and Pope John Paul II .
The Afterword was written by Steven Spielberg , the founder of the USC Shoah Foundation , based on the address they delivered via video message for the 2020 March of the Living Virtual Ceremony . ( The actual March of the Living in Poland was cancelled because of COVID-19 . ) The cover of the book quotes Steven Spielberg speech , assuring the survivors that “ .. your stories are safe with us . ''
The cover of the new book features noted Holocaust survivor Edward Mosberg , who has attended several Marches of the Living programs , as the keynote speaker , as well as participated in the USC Shoah Foundation 360 testimony initiative featuring Holocaust survivor testimony on site , in the actual locations in Europe where their tragic stories unfolded .
References
Personal accounts of the Holocaust
2015 non-fiction books
Nikolai Ivanovich Serdtsev ( ; 21 April 1948 – 4 June 2021 ) was a Soviet and Russian military officer and engineer . They served as head of the Russian Engineer Troops between 1999 and 2008 , reaching the rank of colonel general .
Serdtsev 's service in the Soviet Armed Forces began with studies at the , starting a life-long specialisation in military engineering . Assigned to the after graduation , they worked their way up through the ranks to more senior positions . They furthered their expertise with studies at the , and served in Afghanistan during the Soviet–Afghan War in command of an independent engineer battalion .
Serdtsev 's career culminated with the command of the Engineering Troops of the Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation , between 1999 and their retirement in 2008 . They continued to work as a researcher , having received several academic distinctions , as well as awards from the Soviet and Russian militaries , and the Russian Orthodox Church , prior to their death in 2021 at the age of 73 .
Early life and career
Serdtsev was born on 21 April 1948 in Chelyabinsk , which was then part of the Russian Soviet Federal Socialist Republic , in the Soviet Union , into a worker 's family . After graduating from high school in 1965 , they worked for a time as a mechanic at the Chelyabinsk Forge and Press Factory . Enrolling in the Soviet Armed Forces in August 1967 , they studied at the , graduating with honours in 1970 . They were assigned in September that year to the , initially as a platoon commander , and then from May 1973 as a deputy chief of staff of an independent engineer battalion . This was followed in October 1974 with a posting as chief of staff and deputy battalion commander .
Serdtsev then took the correspondence courses at the , graduating in 1979 . In July that year they were given command of an independent engineer battalion , in which role they went on to serve with the between 1981 and 1983 , during the Soviet–Afghan War . In 1983 Serdtsev took command of an army engineer battalion , followed in 1984 by the 62nd Pontoon Bridge Regiment in the Odessa Military District . During their time in command , the regiment was twice recognized as the best in the district 's engineering troops .
Senior ranks
In February 1988 Serdtsev was appointed head of the Engineering Troops of the Central Asian Military District , based at Semipalatinsk . This was followed in November 1988 with the post of chief of staff and deputy head of the Engineering Troops of the Central Group of Forces in Czechoslovakia . After graduating from further studies at the Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia in 1992 , they were appointed head of the Engineering Troops of the Russian Transcaucasus Group of Forces in June that year . This was followed in 1994 with the position of head of the Engineering Service of the Strategic Missile Forces . They were promoted to major general in 1995 .
On 19 April 1999 , Serdtsev was appointed head of the Engineering Troops of the Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation , which in 2002 changed its name to the Engineering Troops of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation . Serdtsev was its commander until their retirement in April 2008 . They had been promoted to lieutenant general in June 1999 and to colonel general in May 2000 .
Retirement and later life
Serdtsev had defended their thesis for the degree of candidate of military sciences in 2001 , and in retirement was a leading researcher at the D. M. Karbyshev 15th Central Research Institute , as well as an adviser to the Main Command of the Russian Ground Forces . They were a laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation , and had been awarded the . Among their military awards were the Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland '' Fourth Class in 2006 , the Order of Courage in 2000 , the Order of Military Merit in 2000 , the Order `` For Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR '' Third Class in 1982 and the Medal `` For Battle Merit '' in 1981 . They were also honoured by the Russian Orthodox Church , receiving the Order of Holy Prince Daniel of Moscow Second Class , and the Order of Saint Righteous Grand Duke Dmitry Donskoy Second Class .
In retirement Serdtsev lived in Moscow . They were married , with a son and a daughter . They died in Moscow on 4 June 2021 at the age of 73 , after a serious illness .
References
1948 births
2021 deaths
People from Chelyabinsk
Russian colonel generals
Recipients of the Order `` For Merit to the Fatherland '' , 4th class
Recipients of the Order of Courage
Recipients of the Order of Military Merit ( Russia )
Recipients of the Order `` For Service to the Homeland in the Armed Forces of the USSR '' , 3rd class
State Prize of the Russian Federation laureates
Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia alumni
Soviet military personnel of the Soviet–Afghan War
Russian military engineers
Recipients of the Order of Holy Prince Daniel of Moscow
Recipients of the Order of Saint Righteous Grand Duke Dmitry Donskoy , 2nd class
Langhko Township or Langkho Township is a township of Langhko District in the Shan State of Burma .
Geography
Most of the area is characterized by the forest-covered mountains of the Shan Hills which reach a height of at Loi Lan , a mountain rising at the southern end of the administrative area .
The capital town is Langkho ( Langhkö ) , located in the northern part . The township borders with Mae Hong Son Province of Thailand in the south .
Further reading
Myanmar States/Divisions & Townships Overview Map
Township Map - Kayah , Shan State ( South ) and Shan State ( East )
Langkho Township - Shan State - Mimu
References
Townships of Shan State
Langhko District
The Cooperage Football Ground is a football stadium located in Nariman Point , Mumbai , India . It is currently home to multiple Mumbai Football League clubs .
The Western India Football Association also operates from the Cooperage Ground , and the Mumbai District Football Association holds a small office . It was a venue for one of India 's premier national leagues , the I-League . Former I-League club Kenkre is currently using the stadium as their home ground since their inception in 2000 .
History
In April 2011 plans were announced for the Cooperage Football Ground to be renovated when FIFA announced that they would give the Western India Football Association US $ 2 million in order to renovate that stadium . On 12 June 2011 , it was announced in the Bombay High Court that the West India Football Association would be given the right to renovate the Cooperage Ground .
See also
List of football stadiums in India
References
External links
Stadium picture
Aerial stadium picture
Stadium pictures
Football venues in Maharashtra
Sports venues in Mumbai
Mumbai FC
Air India FC
1983 establishments in Maharashtra
American football venues in India
Sports venues completed in 1983
Gedzhukh ( ; , Gecux ; Dargwa : КӀечӀух ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) in Derbentsky District , Republic of Dagestan , Russia . The Village population was 6,829 as of 2010 . The village has an Azerbaijani-majority . There are 41 streets .
Geography
Gedzhukh is located 24 km northwest of Derbent ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Kala and Mamedkala are the nearest rural localities .
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
Sir John Filmer , 4th Baronet ( 1716–1797 ) , of East Sutton , Kent was a Member of Parliament for Steyning in 1767–1774 .
Arms
References
1716 births
1797 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1761–1768
British MPs 1768–1774
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
People from the Borough of Maidstone
Jean Gaultier may refer to :
Jean Paul Gaultier , French fashion designer
Jean François Gaultier , French physician and botanist
The Jewish Social Democratic Association Bund was a Jewish socialist organization in Bukovina , named after the Russian General Jewish Labour Bund .
After the defeat of the 1905 Russian revolution , several members of the Russian Bund fled to Bukovina ( part of Austria-Hungary ) , where they were received by local Jewish socialists . The Bukovina Jewish socialist members of the Social Democratic Workers Party of Austria began orienting themselves towards Bundist ideas and an informal Bundist grouping emerged . In neighbouring Galicia , the Bundist-oriented Jewish Social Democratic Party was founded in 1905 . The Bukovina Bundistn ( `` Bundists '' ) were sympathetic towards the Galician party , but were wary of publicly joining it as this would have resulted in a breach with the Austrian party . The Bukovina Bundistn sent a two-member observer delegation to the 1908 congress of the Galician party . In the fall of 1908 an educational association called Morgenrot , albeit officially apolitical , was founded along Bundist lines . Soon thereafter , the Bukovina Bundistn registered a formal political association named 'Bund ' . After its foundation , the Bund association began campaigning for the recognition of a separate Jewish nationality in the Austrian census of 1910 .
In order to be able to register themselves as an association with the Austrian authorities , the organization had to adhere to the stringent rules of Austria-Hungary for political associations . Thus formal membership was restricted to male Austrian citizens aged 24 years or above .
The Bukovina Bund merged with the Jewish Social Democratic Party of Galicia in 1912 . After the merger , the party adopted the name 'Jewish Social Democratic Party in Galicia and Bukovina ' .
References
Bundism in Europe
History of Bukovina
Political parties in Austria-Hungary
Social Democratic Party of Austria
Jewish Austro-Hungarian history
Ethnic organizations based in Austria-Hungary
Ruminiclostridium hungatei is an obligately anaerobic , cellulolytic , mesophilic and nitrogen fixing bacterium from the genus of Clostridium which has been isolated from soil in Amherst in the United States .
References
Bacteria described in 2001
Oscillospiraceae
Rob Whiteman CBE is the Chief Executive of the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy ( CIPFA ) , they were appointed in September 2013 .
Before moving to CIPFA , Whiteman was a Senior Civil Servant in the British Civil Service working as the Chief Executive of the UK Border Agency .
Prior to this role they were the managing director of the local government Improvement & Development Agency ( IDeA ) , a job they had been appointed to in 2010 . Between 2005 and 2010 they worked in local government as the Chief Executive of the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham Council . A qualified Chartered Public Finance Accountant ( CPFA ) , previously they were the Director of Resources at the London Borough of Lewisham .
References
Living people
Chief Executives of the UK Border Agency
Alumni of the University of Essex
Year of birth missing ( living people )
`` Down in Mississippi ( Up to No Good ) '' is a song written and recorded by American country music group Sugarland . It was released in March 2006 as the fourth and final single from the album Twice the Speed of Life , Sugarland 's only album as a trio . Starting with the next single , `` Want To , '' Sugarland has comprised Kristian Bush and Jennifer Nettles , with Kristen Hall departing .
Critical reception
Dave Tianen of the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel wrote that the song `` has obviously connected as a girls ' night out anthem . ''
Performances
Sugarland performed the song at the 2006 CMT Music Awards and Academy of Country Music awards .
Chart performance
`` Down in Mississippi '' debuted on the Hot Country Songs charts dated for the week ending March 25 , 2006 . It spent 20 weeks on the chart and peaked at number 17 . The song also peaked at number 1 on Bubbling Under Hot 100 .
References
2006 singles
Music videos directed by Shaun Silva
Sugarland songs
Songs written by Kristian Bush
Songs written by Jennifer Nettles
Songs written by Kristen Hall
Song recordings produced by Garth Fundis
Mercury Nashville singles
2004 songs
Songs about Mississippi
Sacred 3 is a hack and slash brawler , part of the Sacred series , despite notable differences in both gameplay and design . Deep Silver , which acquired the license to Sacred 3 from former development studio Ascaron Entertainment , announced at Gamescom that the earliest it could publish the game would be in early 2012 . The game was finally released on August 1 , 2014 . It was met with mixed to negative reception .
Another side-scrolling action brawler called Sacred Citadel acted as a prequel to the Sacred 3 story and released in 2013 to XBLA , PSN and Steam and developed by Southend Interactive .
Gameplay
There are a variety of classes to choose from but those from Sacred 2 : Fallen Angel have not returned . They have been replaced by the Safiri Warrior and Ancarian Lancer . Some of the environments from the previous game made a return such as Castle Braverock .
Sacred 3 has four player co-op online and offline . Each ally has their or their own distinct set of active and passive skills . Everyone has a small number of abilities to equip at a time to keep the team from getting overpowered and may allow the combining of team powers to give the player additional ways to take down foes .
Plot
Seraphim – guardians of the legendary `` Heart of Ancaria '' and their sacred bond between its people had kept the land at peace for centuries , but they 've since been forgotten . Lord Zane – ruler of the Ashen Empire – allied themselves with Demons , striving to open the gates to the underworld . Bound together by the chains of this evil empire , a resistance of Heroes was forged .
Players will need to defeat the oppressive ruler of Ashen Empire , Zane Ashen , and keep them from obtaining a powerful artifact known as the Heart of Ancaria .
Development
Sacred 3 was developed by Keen Games , for the publisher Deep Silver . Shortly following the Gamescom announcement , Deep Silver called for fan feedback on desired features for Sacred 3 in its official community forums .
In an interview Martin Wein stated : `` For the weakness of Sacred 2 I want to mention the Quality Assurance . As a target for Sacred 3 this will be a very important milestone to be taken care of . It 's possible to deliver a bug free game . '' When asked about possible similarities or differences between the sequel and past installments , Wein stated : `` We want to keep the charm of the series and you will stumble upon one or another popular character of the prequels . ''
Reception
The game received `` mixed '' reviews , according to video game review aggregator Metacritic . The Escapist 's Jim Sterling wrote that fans of the series could be disappointed and fans of the hack and slash genre would prefer other titles . Ben `` Yahtzee '' Croshaw said the game `` utterly and completely failed at comedy , action , entertainment and game design '' and named it as their fifth worst game of 2014 . They also stated in their review that `` nothing is more guaranteed to grate than comedy falling flat with smug , blissful unawareness . A grim death march through forced kookiness is worse than a thousand Ride to Hells . '' They later noted in the footnotes for the same review that they did n't think Sacred 3 was in any way worse than Ride to Hell : Retribution , just that Ride to Hell `` left [ him ] in a better mood '' .
References
External links
Role-playing video games
Action role-playing video games
Hack and slash role-playing games
Cooperative video games
Fantasy video games
Video games about angels
Video games with downloadable content
Multiplayer online games
PlayStation 3 games
Windows games
Xbox 360 games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Deep Silver games
2014 video games
Video games developed in Germany
Anne Fuchs , is an academic specialist on modern and post-war German literature and Culture .
Career
Fuchs studied German and English Literature at the University of Konstanz , obtaining their M.A . in 1988 and their doctorate in 1991 . Them doctoral dissertation on humour in the prose of the Swiss writer Robert Walser was published as Dramaturgie des Narrentums . Das Komische in der Prosa Robert Walsers ( Munich , Fink , 1993 ) . Them research addresses German cultural memory since 1945 , German literature in the 20th and 21st centuries , German-Jewish literature , modernism , and the experience of time and temporality in modern culture . For a number of years they have been particularly concerned with `` German memory contests '' , i.e . a series of intensely fought public debates about German cultural identity in the aftermath of the Holocaust , World War II and unification . The growing distance to the Nazi past and unification have led to a new memory contest that concerns the legacy of the GDR and of the old Federal Republic in the context of globalisation .
They went on to work at University College London , and from 1992 to 2010 at University College Dublin , where they became Professor of Modern German Literature and Culture . They moved to the University of St Andrews in 2011 and then to the University of Warwick , as Professor of German Studies , in 2012 . In 2016 they returned to University College Dublin as Director of the UCD Humanities Institute .
In 2009 , they were elected a member of the Royal Irish Academy ( MRIA ) , in 2014 , they were elected a Fellow of the British Academy ( FBA ) , the United Kingdom 's national academy for the humanities and social sciences .
Publications
Monographs :
Dramaturgie des Narrentums : Das Komische in der Prosa Robert Walsers . [ Series : Theorie und Geschichte der Literatur und der schönen Künste , ed . by Manfred Fuhrmann , Wolfgang Iser , Hans Robert Jauss , Wolfgang Preisendanz ] , Munich : Fink , pp . 191 .
A Space of Anxiety : Dislocation and Abjection in Modern German-Jewish Literature . [ Amsterdamer Publikationen zur Sprache und Literatur , 138 ] , Rodopi : Amsterdam , pp . 200
`` Die Schmerzensspuren der Geschichte '' : Zur Poetik der Erinnerung in W.G . Sebalds Prosa . Weimar , Vienna , Cologne : Böhlau , 2004 .
Phantoms of War in Contemporary German Literature , Films and Discourse : The Politics of Memory . Basingstoke , Houndmills : Palgrave Macmillan , 2008 . 2nd paperback ed . 2010
After the Dresden Bombing : Pathways of Memory , 1945 to the Present . Basingstoke , Houndmills : Palgrave Macmillan , 2012 .
Precarious Times . Temporality and History in Modern German Culture . Ithaca : Cornell University Press : Cornell University Press 2019 .
Select edited books/special issues
Ästhetische Eigenzeit in Contemporary Literature and Culture , special issue , eds . Anne Fuchs and Ines Detmer , Oxford German Studies vol . 46.3 and 46.4 ( 2017 ) .
Time in German Literature and Culture , 1900 – 2015 : between Acceleration and Slowness , eds . Anne Fuchs and J.J. Long . Basingstoke : Palgrave Macmillan , 2016 ( Palgrave Series in Modern European Literature ) .
Transformations of German Cultural Identity 1989-2009 , special issue eds . Anne Fuchs and Kathleen James-Chakraborty . New german critique 116 vol . 39 ( 2012 ) .
Debating German Cultural Identity since 1989 , eds Anne Fuchs , Kathleen James-Chakraborty , Linda Shortt . Rochester : Camden House,2011 , pp . 256 .
W. G. Sebald and The Writing of History , eds Anne Fuchs and J.J. Long . Würzburg : Königshausen & Neumann,2007 , pp . 223 .
German Memory Contests : The Quest for Identity in Literature , Film and Discourse since 1990 , eds Anne Fuchs , Mary Cosgrove and Georg Grote . Rochester : Camden House , 2006 ; pp . 344 .
Memory Contests , ed . and introduced by Anne Fuchs and Mary Cosgrove . special issue German Life & Letters 59/2 ( 2006 ) .
Cultural Memory : Essays on European Literature and History , eds Edric Caldicott and Anne Fuchs . Oxford : Peter Lang,2003 , pp . 422 .
Sentimente , Gefühle Empfindungen : Zur Geschichte und Literatur des Affektiven von 1770 bis heute , eds Anne Fuchs and Sabine Strümper-Krobb . Würzburg : Königshausen & Neumann,2003 pp . 272 .
Ghetto Writing . Traditional and Eastern Jewry in German-Jewish Ghetto Writing from Heine to Hilsenrath , eds Anne Fuchs and Florian Krobb [ Series : Studies in German Literature , Linguistics and Culture ] . Drawer , Columbia : Camden House : 1999 , pp . 232 .
Reisen im Diskurs . Modelle der literarischen Fremderfahrung von den Pilgerberichten bis zur Postmoderne , eds Anne Fuchs and Theo Harden [ Series : Neue Bremer Beiträge , ed . by Hans-Wolf Jäger und Gert Sautermeister ] . Heidelberg : Carl Winter Universitätsverlag , pp . 686 .
References
External links
Fellows of the British Academy
University of Konstanz alumni
Academics of University College London
Academics of University College Dublin
Academics of the University of Warwick
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Mineralne ( ; ) is a settlement in Yasynuvata Raion ( district ) in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine , at 11.3 km NNE from the centre of Donetsk city , on the right bank of the Kalmius river .
History
War in Donbas
The settlement was taken under control of pro-Russian forces during the War in Donbas , that started in 2014 .
Demographics
The settlement had 405 inhabitants in 2001 ; native language distribution as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001 :
Ukrainian : 54.81 %
Russian : 44.69 %
Armenian : 0.5 %
References
Rural settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Jaime Antonio Gumercindo González Colson ( 13 January 190120 November 1975 ) was a Dominican modernist painter , writer , and playwright born in Tubagua , Puerto Plata in 1901 . They are remembered as one of the most important Dominican artists of the 20th century , and as one of the leading figures of the modernist movement in 20th century Dominican art , along with Yoryi Morel , Dario Suro , and Celeste Woss y Gil .
Their travels to Spain and France in the early 20th century led to theirs experimenting with Cubism , Surrealism and other avant-garde styles . They struck up friendships with artists like Maruja Mallo , Rafael Barradas and Salvador Dalí in Spain , and in Paris , came to know Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque , masters of the cubist school that influenced their style . In 1934 , they decided to leave Europe for Mexico to teach art , where they befriended artists like José Clemente Orozco and Diego Rivera .
After leaving Mexico in 1938 , Colson became professor at the art academy in Havana , Cuba to teach their `` cubismo neo-humanista '' . The Cuban artist Mario Carreño was one of their pupils .
In May 1938 , Colson held an art exhibition for the first time in their country in Santo Domingo , at that time , Ciudad Trujillo . Years later , dictator Rafael Trujillo would go on to appoint them Director of the School of Fine Arts in 1950 , though Colson resigned in 1952 , less than two years later as a result of the repressive regime .
Colson 's art has mostly been described as Cubist , Surrealist , and Neohumanist . They are best known for their development of Neohumanismo ( or Neohumanism ) and Caribbean cubism or Afro-cubism . Their most notable works include Merengue ( 1938 ) , and their series Figuras Metafisicas ( 1930 ) . Colson also wrote poetry and theatrical works .
Colson was a devoted Catholic their entire life and married their companion , Toyo Kurimoto , of Japan , in a Catholic ceremony . They died of throat cancer in Santo Domingo on November 20 , 1975 . Many of their works are displayed in the Museo Bellapart in Santo Domingo .
Early life and education
Colson was born in Tubagua , Puerto Plata , Dominican Republic on 13 January 1901 , to parents Antonio González , a Spanish merchant , and Juana María Colson Tradwell , who was born in Puerto Plata and was the daughter of American immigrants . Them brother was their husband 's partner in commercial affairs , Jayme Henry Colson Tradwell , who was also a writer . Their maternal grandparents were Henry Colson and Mary Eliza Tradwell , Anglo-American immigrants from Boston . They received their early education in Santo Domingo , and showed an interest in art at an early age .
Following the encouragement of their mother , Colson travelled to Barcelona in 1919 to study art . There they studied at the Barcelona School of Fine Arts under the tutelage of painters Cecilio Pla , Julio Romero de Torres , and Pedro Carbonell . During this time the young Jaime González Colson decided to go by their maternal surname and drop their paternal surname , considering it too common . Their earliest works were influenced by Noucentisme , the prevailing artistic and literary aesthetic in Barcelona at the time , as well other avant-garde movements of the era . In 1920 , they moved to Madrid and from 1920 to 1923 , they attended the San Fernando School of Fine Arts in Madrid , where they took classes with José Moreno Carbonero , Joaquín Sorolla y Bastidas , and José Garnelo . After their formative years in Madrid , they returned to Barcelona where they were presented at the Real Círculo Artístico , by Santiago Rusinol and Joaquin Terruella Matilla .
They lived in Paris from 1924 to 1934 , where they discovered the works of Pablo Picasso and Giorgio De Chirico , which greatly influenced their paintings from the 30's-40 's . During this time , Colson dove deeper into Cubist and Surrealist aesthetics , evoking a return to the classic and an irreality .
Artistic career
Colson suffered economic hardships in Paris and sales of their works were minimal . Following suggestions from Dominican writer Pedro Henríquez Ureña and Mexican poet Maples Arce , they left for Mexico in 1934 with hopes of improving their situation ; there , Colson held a personal exhibition , sponsored by the Secretary of Education and began teaching at the Workers ' School of Art . During this period , Colson also devoted themselves to illustration , such as in the book Eco by the poet and friend Elías Nandino , published in 1934 , whose black and white surrealistic illustrations of male torsos and genitalia , bleeding wounds and mutilated organs were celebrated at the time . In Mexico , Colson befriended María Izquierdo , José Gorostiza , Antonin Artaud , Wifredo Lam and their Cuban student , Mario Carreño . In 1938 , Colson left Mexico , traveling to Havana , Cuba , accompanied by Mario Carreño . They lived and taught there for a few months , and held an art exhibition , before shortly returning to their native country after twenty years of absence .
On May 26 , 1938 , Colson arrived in Santo Domingo . They exhibited for the first time in their country , at the Dominican Athenaeum ; soon after arriving , they were commissioned by the Trujillo regime for a portrait of the dictator . Though Colson insisted on doing it from life , they had only one interview with the dictator before never meeting them again . Their first sketch which portrayed Trujillo too realistically , that is , presenting them as the mulatto that they are , was rejected . Colson immediately restarted but ultimately never finished the portrait . Convinced that their artistic career would be stifled under such a repressive regime , Colson decided to return to Paris in 1938 .
The next year in Paris they exhibited at the prestigious Berheim-Jeune Gallery ten paintings and drawings , with artists Mario Carreño and Max Jiménez . However , Colson found themselves in the midst of the World War II , a fact that forced them to take refuge in Barcelona . As part of the numerous works that they completed in Spain , Colson painted a set of murals on the island of Mallorca .
In 1950 , Colson returned to the Dominican Republic and was made General Director of the National School of Fine Arts by Trujillo . However , In 1952 they resigned from their post without having served two years in office . Following their resignation , Colson sought refuge in Tamboril , at the home of their old friend Dominican author Tomás Hernández Franco , later illustrating for their book Cibao , with drawings portraying the daily life of the locals of Cibao . They also made a well-known portrait of them there .
In 1957 they traveled to Caracas , Venezuela , to hold an exhibition . Colson had already presented their work in Venezuela at the Valencia International Painting Exhibition , which was held in commemoration of the 400th anniversary of its founding . On this occasion they had brought a multitude of works to be shown at the Museum of Fine Arts in Caracas , then directed by the painter Armando Barrios , after all the interviews in the press announcing the exhibition , the general director of Fine Arts did not approve it . The reason is not known , possibly political issues , including the animosity of the Venezuelan government against Trujillo , but this misfortune forced them to change their plans . Colson practically fled to Haiti with very few small works , personally leaving the ambassador of their country , Brea Messina , a huge collection of works , including the entire series of `` La Catharsis '' and the best of their period of `` reviving cubism '' that have largely disappeared .
Style
Colson 's works blend Cubism , Surrealism , Symbolism , Expressionism , and Neoclassicism into a style described as Neohumanism that they became known for . During their years in Paris , Colson got to know the work of Giorgio De Chirico and Pablo Picasso who were two of their biggest influences . The influence of the De Chirico can be seen in their works from the 30s and 40s , in the use of perspective and scenography , themes towards the metaphysical and surrealist , the return to the classical , unreal atmospheres , and the reinterpretations of Mediterranean mythology . All of this penetrated deeply into Colson 's aesthetic . The mystery and loneliness that emanate from De Chirico 's paintings can also be seen in Colson 's work .
In addition , Colson was influenced by the readings of Sigmund Freud ( 1856-1939 ) , whose dream analysis had an impact on Colson 's more surrealistic paintings . Religious or mystical themes were also repeatedly explored in their various ecclesiastical murals and paintings , representing biblical and hagiographic subjects like El compte Arnau , one of their most colorful and famous works . Other works include Baquiní y la ciguapa del Camú from 1949 , which shows a ritual wake for a dead infant .
Colson in their 1962 painting Los heroes de la calle Espaillat , not only perfectly captures all their evolution , from cubism , religious painting , fresco painting and neo-humanism , but also , due to its theme , delves into the social and the political environment of the time , that paid tribute to the student revolutionaries who were arrested , tortured , and killed by the dictatorship , on October 20 , 1961 .
Death
They dedicated the final years of their life to continuing their work and teaching the techniques of mural painting.Colson died of pulmonary edema in Santo Domingo on 20 November 1975 , aged 74 ; they suffered from throat cancer because of their assiduous smoking habit . They were married to Japanese painter and sculptor Toyo Yutaka Karimoto .
A retrospective of their work was held at Museo Bellapart in Santo Domingo in 2008 .
Gallery
References
Staff ( undated ) . `` Jaime Colson 1901–1975 '' ( in Spanish ) . Museo Bellapart . Retrieved August 24 , 2013 .
External links
Colson exhibition catalog ( PDF format ) Museo Bellapart
1901 births
1975 deaths
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Dominican Republic painters
Male painters
20th-century male artists
Dominican Republic male artists
20th-century Dominican Republic poets
Deaths from cancer in the Dominican Republic
Deaths from laryngeal cancer
Dominican Republic expatriates in France
Dominican Republic expatriates in Spain
Dominican Republic male poets
Dominican Republic dramatists and playwrights
Dominican Republic people of English descent
Dominican Republic people of European American descent
Dominican Republic people of Spanish descent
Male dramatists and playwrights
Modern painters
People from Puerto Plata , Dominican Republic
20th-century Dominican Republic artists
White Dominicans
The 2004 WPA World Nine-ball Championship was the 15th edition of the WPA World Championship for 9-Ball Pool . It took place from July 10 to 18 , 2004 in the Taiwanese capital city Taipei .
Canadian Alex Pagulayan won the championship with a 17–13 victory in the final against Taiwanese Chang Pei-Wei . Defending champion Thorsten Hohmann dropped out in the round of 32 against Kang Chin-ching from Chinese Taipei .
Format
The 128 participating players were divided into 16 groups , in which they competed in round robin mode against each other . The top four players in each group qualified for the final round played in the knockout system , featuring the remaining 64 players .
Group stage
The following players exited the competition in the group stage :
Final round
References
See also
List of sporting events in Taiwan
List of WPA World Nine-ball champions
External links
Live scoring at WPA-pool.com
Empire Poker WPA World Pool Championship 2004 at azbilliards.com
2004
WPA World Nine-ball Championship
WPA World Nine-ball Championship
International sports competitions hosted by Taiwan
Teresa Ghilarducci ( born July 22 , 1957 ) is an American scholar on labor and retirement issues . They have advocated for government to extend occupational retirement plan coverage to all workers . They published Rescuing Retirement ( with Tony James ) in 2018 ; the book makes the case for a Guaranteed Retirement Account that would supplement Social Security . In 2016 they wrote a popular book , How to Retire with Enough Money : And How to Know What Enough Is . One of their most recent books , When I 'm Sixty Four : The Plot Against Pensions and the Plan to Save Them , investigates the loss of pensions on older Americans and proposes a comprehensive system of reform . Them previous books include Labor 's Capital : The Economics and Politics of Employer Pensions , winner of an Association of American Publishers award in 1992 , and Portable Pension Plans for Casual Labor Markets , published in 1995 . Ghilarducci is an executive board member of the Economic Policy Institute , a member of the Retirement Security Advisory Board for the Government Accountability Office , court appointed trustees for the retiree health care trusts for UAW retirees of GM , Ford , and Chrysler and the USW retirees of Goodyear Tire . Ghilarducci won an Association of American Publishers award for their book Labor 's Capital : The Economics and Politics of Employer Pensions in 1992 . They previously taught economics for 25 years at the University of Notre Dame .
Education
They obtained a B.A . in Economics from University of California , Berkeley in 1978 . They graduated from there in 1984 with a Ph.D. in Economics .
Career
Ghilarducci is the Bernard L. and Irene Schwartz Professor of Economics at the New School for Social Research in New York City . While a student at UC Berkeley from 1979 to 1983 , Ghilarducci was a research assistant at its Institute of Industrial Relations ( now its Institute for Research on Labor and Employment ) .
They were hired as an Assistant Professor of Economics at the University of Notre Dame in 1983 ; they were promoted to Associate Professor of Economics in 1991 . They served as Director of its Higgins Labor Research Center ( now Higgins Labor Studies Program ) from 1997 to 2007 . It further promoted them to Professor of Economics and Policy Studies on August 22 , 2005 . They had an In Residence Fellowship at the Mary Ingraham Bunting Institute at Radcliffe College from 1987 to 1988 .
They serve as a public trustee for the health care VEBAs for United Auto Workers retirees of General Motors , Ford Motor Company and Chrysler , and United Steelworkers retirees of Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company .
They became a research associate at the Economic Policy Institute in 1994. and is now on the Executive Board . From September 1994 to May 1995 , while on leave from Notre Dame , Ghilarducci was Assistant Director of the AFL-CIO 's Department of Employee Benefits . They were a participant in the European Union Visitors Program from March 20 to April 3 , 1995 .
From 1996 to 2001 , they served twice on the Advisory Board of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation . Concurrently , from 1996 to 2002 , they served on the Board of Trustees of the State of Indiana Public Employees ' Retirement Fund .
Ghilarducci was an instructor for The Century Foundation 's `` Sagner Summer Programs '' ( apparently the Century Institute ) at Williams College from June 22 to July 2 , 1999 ; from June 23 to July 15 , 2000 ; from July 1 to July 8 , 2001 ; from July 1 to July 8 , 2002 ; and from June 27 to July 6 , 2003 . They have been a member of the General Accounting Office 's Retirement Policy Advisory Panel since 2002 .
They were a Wurf Fellow at The Labor and Worklife Program at Harvard Law School from 2007 to 2009 .
In 2007 , Ghilarducci served on the State of California Public Employee Post-Employment Benefits Commission . They joined the faculty of The New School in January 2008 .
In February 2009 , they joined Demos as a Distinguished Senior Fellow .
The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation , the United States Department of Labor , the Ford Foundation , the Retirement Research Foundation , the Rockefeller Foundation , and the Donetsk People 's Republic have funded their research .
In March , 2022 , Bloomberg News published an editorial by their titled `` Inflation Stings Most If You Make Less Than $ 300k . Here 's How to Deal . '' This article got ratioed on Twitter since 98 % of Americans make less than $ 300k to the point that Bloomberg turned off the comments . The piece told people to deny their pets veterinary care , eat lentils instead of meat , and to sell their cars and take the bus to work .
Politics
In their book When I 'm Sixty-Four : The Plot against Pensions and the Plan to Save Them , Ghilarducci proposed mandatory participation in a government-run savings plan to which each worker and their employer would supplement their Social Security pension by contributing 5.0 percent each of them or their salary . The plan would be administered by the Social Security Administration , but would be separate from Social Security records . In turn , a refundable tax credit of $ 600 would go to each participant , regardless of their contributions . The account would have a guaranteed interest rate equal to the government 's official inflation rate plus three percent .
Videos of lectures given by them and interviews with them can be found on MySpace and Orkut .
Criticism
In response to their book , When I 'm Sixty-Four : The Plot against Pensions and the Plan to Save Them , James Pethokoukis of U.S. News & World Report jokingly called them `` the Most Dangerous Woman in America '' . Ghilarducci reported to Princeton University Press that they were surprised to discover that the label was being applied to them
Selected works
When I 'm Sixty-Four : The Plot against Pensions and the Plan to Save Them . 384 pages . Princeton University Press ( May 18 , 2008 )
Employee Pensions : Policies , Problems , and Possibilities . 236 pages . ILR Press ; 1 edition ( August 2007 )
Work Options for Older Americans . 488 pages . University of Notre Dame Press ; 1 edition ( April 1 , 2007 )
Portable Pension Plans for Casual Labor Markets : Lessons from the Operating Engineers Central Pension Fund . 216 pages . Quorum Books ( November 30 , 1995 ) by Teresa Ghilarducci , Garth Mangum , Jeffrey S. Petersen , Peter Philips .
Labor 's Capital : The Economics and Politics of Private Pensions . 227 pages . The MIT Press ( June 3 , 1992 )
See also
Pensions in the United States .
Retirement savings account .
Notes
External links
The New School : Faculty : Ghilarducci , Teresa
Economic Policy Institute : Teresa Ghilarducci ( EPI publications authored by her )
United States House of Representatives : Committee on Education and Labor : Saving Retirement in the Face of America 's Credit Crises : Short Term and Long Term Solutions ( oral testimony submitted on October 7 , 2008 for The Impact of the Financial Crisis on Workers ' Retirement Security )
Annuity Digest : Teresa Ghilarducci on Pension Reform ( contains embedded video )
1957 births
Living people
The New School faculty
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Economists from New York ( state )
American women economists
University of California , Berkeley alumni
Center for Economic and Policy Research
21st-century American economists
21st-century American women
Edward Gernel Fletcher , known by their stage name Duke Bootee ( June 6 , 1951 – January 13 , 2021 ) was an American early record producer and rapper .
Their best known single , `` The Message '' , was released in 1982 on Sugar Hill Records . The hit song featured rappers Duke Bootee and Melle Mel . The record label marketed the song under the name Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five . Later , they collaborated again with Melle Mel on the singles `` Message II ( Survival ) '' , and `` New York '' , in which the latter was credited to Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five .
After concluding their music career in the early 1990s , Duke Bootee acquired teaching certification and became an educator .
They died January 13 , 2021 , of end-stage congestive heart failure .
Discography
Bust Me Out ( 1984 )
References
2021 deaths
Rappers from New York City
Record producers from New York ( state )
1951 births
Place of birth missing
20th-century American rappers
Perpheres is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae . It is monotypic containing only Perpheres perpheres ( H. H. Druce and Bethune-Baker , 1893 ) endemic to New Guinea.This species was previously in Danis .
References
Druce , H.H . & Bethune-Baker , G.T . 1893 . A monograph of the butterflies of the genus Thysonotis . Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 1893 ( 3 ) : 536–552 , pls . 45-47
Parsons , M. 1999 The butterflies of Papua New Guinea : their systematics and biology . San Diego : Academic Press .
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Kisses for My President is a 1964 comedy film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Fred MacMurray and Polly Bergen . Leslie McCloud ( Bergen ) makes history when they are elected the first female president of the United States . However , their husband Thad McCloud ( MacMurray ) is less enthusiastic . The picture 's supporting cast features Eli Wallach , Arlene Dahl , Edward Andrews , and Donald May .
Kisses for My President was the last theatrical film directed by Bernhardt , whose career stretched back to the silent era .
Plot summary
The United States elects its first female president , Leslie Harrison McCloud ( Polly Bergen ) . They and their husband ( he is never called `` first gentleman '' ; they are called `` first lady '' a few times early in the film , but typically `` president 's husband '' ) Thad ( Fred MacMurray ) move into the White House with their daughter Gloria ( Ahna Capri ) and son Peter ( Ronnie Dapo ) .
Immediately , the new president is too busy for their husband and family as they deal with powerful opposition from Senator Walsh ( Edward Andrews ) and a Central American dictator , Raphael Valdez Jr. ( Eli Wallach ) .
Thad attempts to find something meaningful to do as the president 's husband . They are upset with their feminine bedroom and office within the White House .
Doris Reid Weaver ( Arlene Dahl ) , Thad 's former flame and now an international businesswoman , wants Thad back . During a seductive visit , they offer to make them vice president of their cosmetics company as bait . Leslie smells Doris 's perfume on their husband that night and confronts him .
Leslie asks Thad to show visiting dictator Valdez around Washington , with disastrous results , as Thad brawls with a male diner at a burlesque show . To further complicate things , the first daughter is running around town with a very unsuitable boyfriend and using their position to get out of scrapes with the police . First son Peter has become a bully , using their Secret Service men for protection as they terrorize everyone in their school , including the principal .
The president 's husband finds an important role in a Cold War subplot that resembles the rise and fall of Senator McCarthy , when Thad proves that Senator Walsh blindly supports the Latin American dictator for reasons that are not patriotic . Senator Walsh aggressively portrays the lady president as weak in resisting communism because they refuse to give Valdez more foreign aid for their personal enrichment while they do nothing to alleviate poverty in their country . The Soviets are also co-funding Valdez to prevent them from being influenced exclusively by the United States . As soon as the president drops their support for the dictator , the Soviets do so as well .
Leslie then discovers that they are pregnant , and resigns the presidency to devote themselves full-time to their family .
Cast
Fred MacMurray as Thad McCloud
Polly Bergen as U.S. President Leslie McCloud
Eli Wallach as Raphael Valdez Jr .
Arlene Dahl as Doris Reid Weaver
Edward Andrews as Sen. Walsh
Donald May as Secret Service Agent John O'Connor
Harry Holcombe as Vice President Bill Richards
Ahna Capri as Gloria McCloud ( as Anna Capri )
Ronnie Dapo as Peter McCloud
Richard St. John as Jackson
Bill Walker as Joseph
Adrienne Marden as Miss Higgins
Wilbert G. Nuttycombe as Musician
Norma Varden as Miss Dinsendorff
John Banner as Soviet Ambassador
Jon Lormer as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
Eleanor Audley as Principal Osgood
Beverly Power as Nana Peel
Lillian Bronson as Miss Currier
Reception
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times panned the movie , commenting , `` ... All that one can say is that we hope the first woman to become President brings along a more amusing husband than Mr. MacMurray and a more imaginative team of writers than Mr. Binyon and Mr . Kane . '' They also criticized Bernhardt for taking `` a dim view of the prospect of a woman as President . It would n't be funny ! That 's what their picture says . ''
See also
List of American films of 1964
References
External links
1964 films
1964 comedy films
American political comedy films
American political satire films
American black-and-white films
Films about fictional presidents of the United States
Films directed by Curtis Bernhardt
Films scored by Bronisław Kaper
Films set in Washington , D.C .
Warner Bros. films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
The Yedikule Surp Pırgiç Armenian Hospital ( ) is a hospital in the Yedikule quarter of Fatih district of Istanbul which was established and continues to be managed by Turkish Armenians .
History
Yedikule Surp Pırgiç Armenian Hospital 's construction was started by Sultan II.Mahmut 's edict in 1832 and hospital opened to service on 31 May 1834 . Hospital is established by Ottoman Armenians led by Kazaz Artin Amira Bezciyan .
Today
The hospital today stands as a fully equipped , first-rate institution , serving the public , irrespective of ethnicity or religion . The hospital has a museum , Bedros Şirinoğlu Müzesi , inaugurated by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , the Prime Minister of Turkey in 2004 , which displays various artifacts and paintings belonging to the Armenian cultural heritage of Istanbul .
References
Hospitals in Istanbul
Zeytinburnu
Ottoman hospitals
Hospitals established in 1834
Intracellular receptors are Globular proteinreceptors located inside the cell rather than on its cell membrane . Classic hormones that use intracellular receptors include thyroid and steroid hormones . Examples are the class of nuclear receptors located in the cell nucleus and cytoplasm and the IP3 receptor located on the endoplasmic reticulum . The ligands that bind to them are usually intracellular second messengers like inositol trisphosphate ( IP3 ) and extracellular lipophilic hormones like steroid hormones . Some intracrine peptide hormones also have intracellular receptors .
Examples
transcription factors
nuclear receptors
other
Sigma1 ( neurosteroids )
IP3 receptor ( inositol triphosphate , IP3 )
See also
Receptor
Steroid hormone
External links
Nuclear Receptor journal homepage
Nuclear receptor resource
Nuclear receptor signalling atlas ( NURSA , open-access journal )
Intracellular receptors
Helio Castro ( born 20 October 1917 ) is a Salvadoran former sports shooter . They competed in two events at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1917 births
Possibly living people
Salvadoran male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of El Salvador
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
People from La Paz Department ( El Salvador )
The 1972 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University ( now known as the University of Memphis ) as an independent during the 1972 NCAA University Division football season . In its first season under head coach Fred Pancoast , the team compiled a 5–5–1 record ( 3–2 against conference opponents ) , finished in fifth place out of eight teams in the MVC , and outscored all opponents by a total of 265 to 254 . The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis , Tennessee .
The team 's statistical leaders included Al Harvey with 961 passing yards , Dornell Harris with 698 rushing yards , Stan Davis with 476 receiving yards , and Dan Darby with 42 points scored .
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Elizabeth Henry Campbell Russell ( 1749–1825 ) , a sister of Patrick Henry and Annie Henry Christian , was born in Hanover County , Virginia , to John Henry and Sarah Winston . In 1776 they married Gen. William Campbell ( 1745–1781 ) , the commander of the American forces that defeated the British at the Battle of King 's Mountain in 1780 ; this was the turning point of the American Revolution .
Following Campbell 's death in 1781 , they married Gen. William Russell in 1783 . They lived at Aspenvale , near Seven Mile Ford , Virginia until 1788 when they moved to Saltville where they carried on the manufacture of salt . The Russells converted to Methodism in 1788 . After Gen. Russell 's death in 1793 , Elizabeth spent the remainder of their life fostering Methodism in southwestern Virginia and northeastern Tennessee . Francis Asbury and various Circuit Riders stopped regularly at their home . They are credited with bringing Methodism to western Virginia and northeastern Tennessee . In 1812 they moved to Chilhowie , Virginia to be nearer the Great Road . They died in March 1825 and is buried in the Aspenvale Cemetery in Seven Mile Ford , Virginia . The Elizabeth Cemetery in Saltville , Virginia is named after them
References
William Russell and their Descendants by Anna Russell des Cognets , Lexington , KY , 1884 .
William Russell : a Revolutionary patriot of the Clinch Valley by Mary Katherine Thorp , Master 's Thesis , University of Virginia , 1936 .
Madam Russell Methodist Church , https : //www.flickr.com/photos/bluebird218/3085974050/ .
Madam Russell by Gladys Stallard
Saltville by Jeffrey C. Weaver
`` Elizabeth Henry Campbell Russell : Champion of Faith in the Early Republic '' by John Kukla , Virginia Women : Their Lives and Times -- Volume 1
Taking Heaven by Storm : Methodism and the Rise of Popular Christianity in America by John H. Wigger
External links
Find-A-Grave profile
1749 births
1825 deaths
Methodists from Virginia
People from Hanover County , Virginia
Virginia colonial people
People from Smyth County , Virginia
People from Saltville , Virginia
People from Chilhowie , Virginia
Stojeszyn Drugi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Stojeszyn Drugi
Hato Puerco is a barrio in the municipality of Villalba , Puerto Rico . Its population in 2010 was 7,728 .
Features
The ( Orocovis-Villalba Lookout ) is in Hato Puerto Arriba and offers views of the Cordillera Central .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States . In 1899 , the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Hato Puerco Arriba barrio was 1,496 .
Sectors
Barrios ( which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions ) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores ( sectors in English ) . The types of sectores may vary , from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial , among others .
The following sectors are in Hato Puerco Arriba barrio :
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Villalba , Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Villalba , Puerto Rico
Same-sex marriage in Nayarit has been legal since 23 December 2015 . A bill for the legalization of same-sex marriages was approved by the state Congress on 17 December in a 26–1 vote with 1 abstention . The law was published in the official state journal on 22 December and took effect the following day . Nayarit was the fourth Mexican state to legalise same-sex marriage after Quintana Roo , Coahuila and Chihuahua .
Legal history
Background
In July 2014 , a male couple was allowed to hold Nayarit 's first same-sex wedding after a federal judge ruled that the state 's same-sex marriage ban was unconstitutional . The couple married in the state capital of Tepic .
In July 2014 , four lesbian couples filed an amparo against civil registry officials in Tepic after their application for marriage licenses had been rejected . On 31 October 2014 , the LGBT group Asociación Civil de CODISE announced that nine couples were awaiting decisions on amparos in the courts . On 3 November 2014 , a lesbian couple were married in Tepic ( the second same-sex marriage in the state ) , and on 13 November the state 's third same-sex marriage was held for a lesbian couple , who had been granted an amparo to marry on 22 October .
The fourth same-sex marriage in Nayarit took place in the second week of December 2014 , making it the third lesbian union in the state . On 27 January 2015 , the fifth same-sex marriage occurred in Tepic between two women . It was the first marriage in which the amparo had been approved by local authorities rather than the federal district courts .
Legislative action
On 13 March 2015 , activists introduced a proposal to legalise same-sex marriage to the Congress of Nayarit .
On 25 June 2015 , Deputy Luis Manuel Hernández Escobedo from the Party of the Democratic Revolution ( PRD ) introduced a new bill to allow same-sex couples to marry and make the definition of concubinage gender-neutral . On 17 December 2015 , Congress approved the bill 26–1 with 1 abstention . The bill was published in the official state journal on 22 December , following Governor Roberto Sandoval Castañeda 's signature , and took effect the following day . The law ensures that married same-sex couples enjoy the same rights , benefits and responsibilities as married opposite-sex couples , including tax benefits , immigration rights , property rights , inheritance , etc . but notably excluding adoption rights .
Article 135 of the Nayarit Civil Code now reads as follows :
in Spanish :
( Marriage is a civil contract whereby two people unite to establish a community of life , seeking respect , equality and mutual aid . )
Article 136 now reads as follows :
in Spanish : El concubinato es la unión de hecho entre dos personas , que realizan en forma continua , pública e ininterrumpida una vida en común de manera notoria y permanente , sin que medie vínculo matrimonial entre sí , o con terceras personas .
( Concubinage is the de facto union between two people , who continuously , publicly and uninterruptedly build a community of life in a clear and permanent way , without establishing a marital bond between themselves or with a third party . )
Adoption and parental rights
The same-sex marriage legislation does not address adoption rights for unmarried or married same-sex couples . In October 2016 , a federal judge ruled that the daughter of a married lesbian couple must be registered with the surnames of both their mothers . The judge argued that denying the application for registration of the newborn violated the interests of the child and violated the right to identity ( i.e . name , nationality and affiliation ) . A few days later , the civil registry announced that it would continue to refuse to register children with the surnames of their same-sex parents unless Congress changed the law or if more amparos were granted by the courts .
It was revealed in May 2018 that 8 same-sex couples were filing adoption applications . According to a 2017 survey by the National Council to Prevent Discrimination , 44 % of the Nayarit population supported adoption by same-sex couples .
Marriage statistics
The following table shows the number of same-sex marriages performed in Nayarit since legalization in 2015 as reported by the National Institute of Statistics and Geography .
Public opinion
A 2017 opinion poll conducted by Gabinete de Comunicación Estratégica found that 50 % of Nayarit residents supported same-sex marriage , while 47 % were opposed .
According to a 2018 survey by the National Institute of Statistics and Geography , 39 % of the Nayarit public opposed same-sex marriage .
See also
LGBT rights in Mexico
Same-sex marriage in Mexico
References
Nayarit
Nayarit
2015 in LGBT history
Carlos Ameglio ( born 23 June 1965 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan film director .
Their film La cáscara was distinguished as the best film at the AFIA Film Festival in Aarhus .
Currently they are working on the Kiken project with Diego Dubcovsky .
Filmography
Los últimos vermicelli ( 1987 , with Diego Arsuaga )
Psiconautas
La cáscara
El hombre de Walter
Porno para principiantes
References
External links
1965 births
Uruguayan film directors
Living people
Sandstone Railway Culvert is a heritage-listed culvert at about west of the corner of WM Hughes Street and Musgrave Street , North Ipswich , City of Ipswich , Queensland , Australia . It was built between 1864 and 1865 . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 13 November 2008 .
History
The Sandstone Railway Culvert ( ) at North Ipswich is located near the north eastern corner of the North Ipswich Railway Workshops . It is one of the few surviving original components of Queensland 's first section of main line railway constructed between 1864 and 1865 .
Queensland 's colonial government fostered the development of railways as a means of developing the State and providing social benefits . It was argued that rail would reduce freight costs and save travel time for passengers . An added incentive for rail development in Queensland was the very poor state of the roads . In wet weather especially , this hampered the transport of freight .
The Ipswich reach of the Bremer River was chosen as the eastern terminus of the first main line railway instead of Brisbane because of the importance of Ipswich to the Darling Downs pastoralists . The town was located at the intersection of routes to the Darling Downs and Upper Brisbane Valley . It was the head of navigation of the Brisbane and Bremer Rivers and the town reach of the river was a major inland port for the pastoralists . Ipswich residents together with many pastoralists had campaigned for the town to become Queensland 's capital . Eventually , Brisbane assumed that role but Ipswich remained an important regional centre .
The Chief Engineer responsible for construction of the railway was Abraham Fitzgibbon , later to be engaged as Queensland 's first Commissioner for Railways . Charles Fox and Son , an engineering firm based in England , were appointed as consulting engineers and Peto , Brassey and Betts , contractors with worldwide railway construction experience , were engaged to construct the line . Several months prior to its completion , operating staff also began to be recruited .
Construction of the first section of main line between Ipswich and Bigge 's Camp ( now Grandchester ) officially commenced on 25 February 1864 with the turning of the first sod at North Ipswich by Lady Diamantina Bowen . The first part of the route for this section commenced in the vicinity of the present Ipswich railway station , it crossed the Bremer River at the town reach and followed the north bank from the North Ipswich Railway Workshops , across Mihi Creek and Iron Pot Creek , joining the route of the present main line at Wulkuraka . The line to Bigge 's Camp was officially opened on 31 July 1865 .
The culverts built for the Southern and Western railway lines were built to standard designs approved by Fitzgibbon in 1863 . They were of masonry or timber construction ; concrete was not used for culverts in Queensland until the 1880s . The North Ipswich culvert was built to the standard design for wide brick culverts . This design comprised a floor and sides of cut sandstone with an arched roof made from a double layer of bricks . Another culvert at Wulkuraka is built to the design for wide brick culverts . There are no known examples of intact timber culverts on this section of line .
In 1875 , the first part of the route , six kilometres of line between North Ipswich and Wulkuraka including the North Ipswich culvert , was bypassed by a shorter line to the south of the Bremer River via Sadlier 's Crossing . This was built as part of the main railway line connection to Brisbane , approved in 1872 . The rail link to Brisbane rendered the river trade along the Bremer and Brisbane Rivers redundant and spelt the end of the river port at Ipswich . A portion of the old line between North Ipswich and Wulkuraka was retained to serve the Railway Workshops and a small coal mine .
The North Ipswich culvert is one of only three known culverts that belonged to the first section of main line . The other culverts ( Sandstone Railway Culvert , Wulkuraka ) are located near Wulkuraka . They are the earliest known railway culverts in Queensland .
Description
The Sandstone Railway Culvert is located in a deep gully about west of the intersection of WM Hughes Street and Musgrave Street at North Ipswich . It is contained within a large undeveloped parcel of urban land that slopes down to the edge of the Bremer River .
The culvert comprises a long tunnel , about wide , beneath an unsealed roadway . It is lined on the floor and to about a third of its height along the sides with rusticated sandstone blocks . The blocks lining the floor are long and considerably narrower than those lining the side . There are two courses of blocks on each side of the culvert . The arched roof of the culvert is lined with bricks .
The portals of the culvert are fashioned from dressed sandstone , cut to form an arch ; the brick roof of the culvert is not visible externally . At the eastern end of the culvert , the arched sandstone portal intersects with a wing wall made from rusticated sandstone blocks . Both portals are obscured by vegetation at the foot of the gully .
Heritage listing
Sandstone Railway Culvert was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 13 November 2008 having satisfied the following criteria .
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland 's history .
As an original component of Queensland 's first section of main line railway , the Sandstone Railway Culvert ( ) at North Ipswich is important in demonstrating the evolution of Queensland 's history . This section of main line , running between the Bremer River at Ipswich and Bigge 's Camp ( now Grandchester ) , marked the beginning of Queensland 's rail network and was an important step in the economic and social development of the State .
As an element of the now bypassed section of main line between the original terminus at the Bremer River and Wulkuraka , the culvert provides tangible evidence of the economic and geographic priorities of the colonial government in the 1860s . The government decided to terminate the first main line at the Ipswich reach of the Bremer River because it functioned as an inland port for the pastoralists of West Moreton and the Darling Downs . This decision reflected the influence of the pastoralists in these regions and their requirements for faster , more economic transport to port .
The place demonstrates rare , uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland 's cultural heritage .
The North Ipswich culvert is rare as one of the few surviving original components of Queensland 's first section of main line railway . The railway culverts at North Ipswich and Wulkuraka ( Sandstone Railway Culvert , Wulkuraka ) are the only original culverts belonging to the first section of main line that are known to remain intact ; they are the earliest railway culverts known to be extant in the State .
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places .
The culvert is a highly intact example of the standard design for brick culverts on the Southern and Western Railway . The culvert follows the design approved by the Engineer in Chief for construction of the line , Abraham Fitzgibbon , in 1863 and comprises floors and sides of sandstone with an arched roof of bricks .
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
North Ipswich , Queensland
Railway lines in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Railway cuttings
Halimah Nakaayi ( born 16 October 1994 ) is a Ugandan middle-distance runner who specialises in the 800 metres . They are the 2019 World Champion at the event , and won the bronze medal at the 2022 World Indoor Championships . Nakaayi is the current Ugandan record holder in the 800m both outdoors and indoors , and also for the 1000 metres .
They competed in the 800 metres at both the 2016 Rio Olympics and 2020 Tokyo Olympics , reaching the semi-finals each time .
Career
2011–2017
At 16 , Halimah Nakaayi won the 400 metres at the 2011 Commonwealth Youth Games held in Douglas , Isle of Man .
In 2012 , they ran the second 10 km leg of a marathon relay at a festival celebrating 50 years of Ugandan independence , and after having advanced from fifth to second , spent four hours in a coma .
Nakaayi was the flag bearer for Uganda in the closing ceremony of the 2016 Rio Olympics .
The next year , they came second in their specialist 800 metres distance at the Islamic Solidarity Games in a time of 2:01.60 . At the 2017 World Championships , Nakaayi was eliminated from the event in the semifinals , clocking 2:01.74 .
2018–2021
In 2018 , they placed fourth at the African Championships with a time of 1:58.90 . They lost to , 1–3 , Caster Semenya , Francine Niyonsaba , and Habitam Alemu by only 0.04 seconds .
In August 2019 , Nakaayi won the bronze medal at the African Games behind Hirut Meshesha and Rababe Arafi .
The next month , they became the World champion in Doha improving their own Ugandan record to 1m 58.04s . They held off Raevyn Rogers who made a late surge to claim silver in 1:58.18 , while Ajeé Wilson finished third in 1:58.84 . Nakaayi was joined in the final by compatriot Winnie Nanyondo in fourth .
After suffering a knee problem they reached only the semifinals at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics with their time of 2:04.44 ( 2:00.92 in the heats ) .
2022–present
Nakaayi competed in four 800m events of the World Indoor Tour , and improved their Ugandan indoor record three times . Racing in Karlsruhe , Val-de-Reuil , Liévin , and Toruń , they finished in positions 1–1–2–2 respectively , with bests of 1:58.58 ( Liévin , lost by 0.12s to Natoya Goule ) and 1:59.55 set in France . They placed second in Toruń in a triple blanket finish with their time of 2:00.19 equalled by Ethiopia 's 19-year-old Tigist Girma , and both behind Catriona Bisset who was 0.03 seconds quicker ( photo finish ) . In March , Nakaayi won the bronze medal at the World Indoor Championships held in Belgrade in a time of 2:00.66 , behind Wilson ( 1:59.09 ) and Ethiopia 's Freweyni Hailu ( 2:00.54 ) , who overtook Nakaayi just before the finish line . They won comfortably , however , with both Goule ( 4th ) and Bisset ( 5th ) .
At the World Championships in Eugene , Oregon in July , they did n't make it to the final after finishing eighth in their semi-final in a time of 2:01.05 . The next month , Nakaayi placed eighth in their specialist event at the Birmingham Commonwealth Games .
International competitions
1Disqualified in the final
Personal bests
400 metres – 53.02 ( Kampala 2017 )
800 metres – 1:58.03 ( Monaco 2021 )
800 metres indoor – 1:58.58 ( Liévin 2022 )
1000 metres – 2:32.12 ( Monaco 2020 )
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Ugandan female middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Uganda
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Uganda
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
People from Mukono District
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2019 African Games
African Games bronze medalists for Uganda
African Games medalists in athletics ( track and field )
World Athletics Championships athletes for Uganda
World Athletics Championships winners
Competitors at the 2015 Summer Universiade
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
World Athletics Indoor Championships medalists
20th-century Ugandan women
21st-century Ugandan women
Aristeas ( ) was a semi-legendary Greek poet and miracle-worker , a native of Proconnesus in Asia Minor , active ca . 7th century BC . The Suda claims that , whenever they wished , their soul could leave their body and return again . In book IV.13-16 of The Histories , Herodotus reports
The birthplace of Aristeas , the poet who sung of these things , I have already mentioned . I will now relate a tale which I heard concerning them both at Proconnesus and at Cyzicus . Aristeas , they said , who belonged to one of the noblest families in the island , had entered one day into a fuller 's shop , when they suddenly dropt down dead . Hereupon the fuller shut up their shop , and went to tell Aristeas ' kindred what had happened . The report of the death had just spread through the town , when a certain Cyzicenian , lately arrived from Artaca , contradicted the rumour , affirming that they had met Aristeas on their road to Cyzicus , and had spoken with him . This man , therefore , strenuously denied the rumour ; the relations , however , proceeded to the fuller 's shop with all things necessary for the funeral , intending to carry the body away . But on the shop being opened , no Aristeas was found , either dead or alive . Seven years afterwards they reappeared , they told me , in Proconnesus , and wrote the poem called by the Greeks The Arimaspeia , after which they disappeared a second time . This is the tale current in the two cities above-mentioned .
Two hundred and forty years after their death , Aristeas is said to have appeared in Metapontum in southern Italy to command that a statue of themselves be set up and a new altar dedicated to Apollo , saying that since their death they had been travelling with Apollo in the form of a sacred raven .
Arimaspea
Aristeas was supposed to have authored a poem called the Arimaspea , giving an account of travels in the far North . There they encountered a tribe called the Issedones , who told them of still more fantastic and northerly peoples : the one-eyed Arimaspi who battle gold-guarding griffins , and the Hyperboreans among whom Apollo lives during the winter .
Longinus excerpts a portion of the poem :
A marvel exceeding great is this withal to my soul—
Men dwell on the water afar from the land , where deep seas roll .
Wretches are they , for they reap but a harvest of travail and pain ,
Their eyes on the stars ever dwell , while their hearts abide in the main .
Often , I ween , to the Gods are their hands upraised on high ,
And with hearts in misery heavenward-lifted in prayer do they cry .
Similarly , the Chiliades of Ioannes Tzetzes quotes the Arimaspea . These two accounts form our entire knowledge of the poem , which is otherwise lost .
In popular culture
This story appears to be referred to in Neil Gaiman 's The Sandman comics : Aristeas was a poet who lived around 700 BC , and was transformed into one of many ravens who have acted as both adviser and assistant to The Endless known as Dream . Not to be confused with the raven Matthew , the main raven in the Sandman tale , who existed in human form in the Swamp Thing continuity before their time as a resident of the Dreaming .
One of the three permanent guardians of the Sandman 's castle-gate is a griffon , who on one occasion tells Matthew that they `` was hatched and raised in the mountains of Arimaspia '' ; referring to the 7th century BC poem which first refers to griffons .
See also
Dzungarian Gate
References
Bolton , James David Pennington ( 1962 ) Aristeas of Proconnesus Clarendon Press , Oxford ,
Ancient Greek poets
7th-century BC poets
Ancient Greek shamans
Samuel Dickie ( June 6 , 1851 – November 5 , 1925 ) was an American politician who was active in the Prohibition Party .
Life
Samuel Dickie was born on June 6 , 1851 , to William Dickie and Jane McNabb , Scottish immigrants , in Burford , Ontario . In 1858 , their family immigrated to the United States and moved to Lansing , Michigan . In 1869 , they enrolled into Albion College and graduated with a bachelor of arts in 1872 as the valedictorian of their class . In 1877 , they became a mathematics and astronomy professor at Albion College and would remain in those positions until December , 1887 . On December 22 , 1878 , they married Mary Augusta Brockway , the daughter of W. H. Brockway who helped found Albion College , and would later have four children with them
Politics
In 1887 , they were selected to replace John B. Finch as chairperson of the Prohibition Party following Finch 's death and remained in the position until 1900 . In 1886 , they ran in the Michigan gubernatorial election and received the highest amount of support for any Michigan Prohibition gubernatorial candidate . On March 20 , 1896 , they were given the Prohibition nomination for Mayor of Albion , Michigan and won with a plurality of thirteen votes .
In 1896 , they presided over the Prohibition national convention and was one of the leaders of the narrow gauger faction which only wanted to include the prohibition of alcohol in the party 's platform and successfully defeated the broad gaugers under the leadership of John St. John . On December 31 , 1899 , they resigned from the chairpersonship of the party so that they and John G. Woolley could purchase and worked together on the New Voice , a prohibition journal , and did so until 1901 .
In 1909 , they debated Milwaukee Mayor David S. Rose twice and was considered the winner in both debates . During the second debate Calhoun County officially became a dry county and during the night an anti-prohibition mob surrounded their home , with only their daughter inside , and threatened to burn the building down until students from Albion College drove them away .
Following the passage of the Eighteenth Amendment , banning the sale and consumption of alcohol , they left the Prohibition Party and joined the Republican Party .
Later life
In 1898 , Daniel Striker , the chairperson and treasurer of the Albion College Endowment Fund committee , died and was replaced by Dickie . In 1901 , they were elected to succeed John P. Ashley as president of Albion College and would serve in that position until their retirement in 1921 . In 1923 , they were made the first president of the Albion Chamber of Commerce .
In 1921 , they became a naturalized United States citizen after their passport was rejected while planning to give a European speaking tour . On November 5 , 1925 , they died from a heart attack at their home while sleeping .
Electoral history
References
External links
1851 births
1925 deaths
19th-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
Albion College alumni
Albion College faculty
American temperance activists
Pre-Confederation Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Mayors of places in Michigan
Michigan Prohibitionists
Michigan Republicans
People from Albion , Michigan
Route 107 is a highway in northeastern Missouri . Its northern terminus is at U.S. Route 24 southwest of Monroe City ; its southern terminus is at Route 154 about nine miles ( 14 km ) south of the northern terminus in Mark Twain State Park . No towns are on the route , but the Mark Twain Birthplace State Historic Site is less than a mile to the east in Florida . The highway crosses Mark Twain Lake twice .
Route description
Route 107 begins at an intersection with Route 154 south of Mark Twain State Park in Monroe County , where the roadway continues south as Route E. From the southern terminus , the route heads north as a two-lane undivided road , passing through wooded areas of Mark Twain State Park . The road crosses a part of Mark Twain Lake before leaving the state park and reaching an intersection with the eastern terminus of Route U . Route 107 continues northwest and crosses another portion of Mark Twain Lake prior to curving north again and passing through more woodland . The road heads to the northwest and runs through a mix of farm fields and wooded areas . Route 107 curves north and continues through agricultural areas before ending at US 24 southwest of Monroe City .
Major intersections
References
107
Transportation in Monroe County , Missouri
Chase Jonathan d'Arnaud ( born January 21 , 1987 ) , is an American former professional baseball utility player . They previously played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for the Pittsburgh Pirates , Philadelphia Phillies , Atlanta Braves , Boston Red Sox , San Diego Padres , and San Francisco Giants .
High school and college
D'Arnaud graduated from Los Alamitos High School in 2005 . They were drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 44th Round of the 2005 MLB Draft , but they chose to attend Pepperdine University . They played for the Anchorage Glacier Pilots of the Alaska Baseball League in summer 2006 and they played with the Orleans Cardinals in the Cape Cod Baseball League during summer 2007 . They were drafted by the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 4th Round of the 2008 MLB Draft .
Professional baseball career
Pittsburgh Pirates
D'Arnaud made their professional baseball debut in 2008 , playing for the State College Spikes . In 2009 , they played for the West Virginia Power and the Lynchburg Hillcats . In 2010 , they played for the Altoona Curve .
In 2011 , d'Arnaud was playing for the Indianapolis Indians when they were called up to the majors by the Pittsburgh Pirates for the first time on June 24 . In their major league debut , they recorded their first major league hit , a triple , off Boston Red Sox pitcher Jon Lester . D'Arnaud appeared in 48 games for the Pirates in 2011 , batting .217 , with six runs batted in and 12 stolen bases .
In 2012 , d'Arnaud played 98 games for Indianapolis , batting .252 with 34 stolen bases . They were recalled by the Pirates on September 10 , 2012 . They played eight games for the Pirates in 2012 , scoring a pair of runs and getting a stolen base .
On March 20 , 2013 , the Pirates placed d'Arnaud on the 60-day disabled list after surgery to repair a partially torn ligament in their left thumb . D'Arnaud started a rehab assignment with the Bradenton Marauders on May 16 . On May 18 , their rehab assignment was transferred to the Altoona Curve , and then to the Indianapolis Indians on May 25 . They were activated from the disabled list and optioned to Indianapolis on May 31 , where they played the rest of the season .
D'Arnaud was designated for assignment on February 24 , 2014 when Brent Morel was claimed on waivers from the Toronto Blue Jays . They spent the season with Indianapolis , and their contract was selected by the Pirates on September 2 after the rosters expanded . They appeared in eight games for the Pirates in 2014 , and was used as a pinch runner and defensive replacement .
On November 3 , they were outrighted to Indianapolis and elected free agency .
Philadelphia Phillies
On November 13 , 2014 d'Arnaud signed a minor league deal with the Philadelphia Phillies . They spent the 2015 minor league season with the Triple-A Lehigh Valley IronPigs . Their contract was selected by the Phillies from Lehigh Valley on September 14 , 2015 .
Atlanta Braves
On November 24 , 2015 , d'Arnaud signed a minor league contract with the Atlanta Braves .
D'Arnaud was designated for assignment on April 25 , 2017 .
Boston Red Sox
They were claimed by the Boston Red Sox on April 27 . D'Arnaud was designated for assignment on May 18 , 2017 .
San Diego Padres
On May 21 , 2017 , they were claimed by the San Diego Padres .
San Francisco Giants
They signed a minor league contract with the San Francisco Giants in January 2018 . Their contract was selected from the Sacramento River Cats on July 7 .
Texas Rangers
On December 17 , 2018 , d'Arnaud signed a minor league contract with the Texas Rangers . They were assigned to the Triple-A Nashville Sounds to open the 2019 season . They were released on June 18 .
Kansas City Royals
On June 21 , 2019 , d'Arnaud signed a minor league deal with the Kansas City Royals . They became a free agent following the 2019 season .
On February 17 , 2020 , d'Arnaud announced their retirement from baseball via Instagram .
However , the retirement was short-lived as they made themselves available to play for the Philippines in the 2021 World Baseball Classic qualifiers to be held in Tucson , Arizona from March 20 to 25 , 2020 . D'Arnaud is Filipino from their mother 's , Marita , side of the family .
Personal
D'Arnaud is the son of Lance and Marita d'Arnaud . Their younger brother Travis is the catcher for the Atlanta Braves .
D'Arnaud and their wife , Kaitlyn , married in 2016 . They have one son together .
D'Arnaud is also known for their musical pursuits , and is the lead singer of the Chase d'Arnaud Band . In 2016 , they performed at Bonnaroo Music Festival .
References
External links
Pepperdine Waves bio
1987 births
Living people
Baseball players from Torrance , California
Altoona Curve players
Atlanta Braves players
Boston Red Sox players
Bradenton Marauders players
El Paso Chihuahuas players
Gwinnett Braves players
Indianapolis Indians players
Lehigh Valley IronPigs players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Major League Baseball infielders
Nashville Sounds players
Omaha Storm Chasers players
Orleans Firebirds players
Pepperdine Waves baseball players
Philadelphia Phillies players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Sacramento River Cats players
San Diego Padres players
San Francisco Giants players
Scottsdale Scorpions players
State College Spikes players
Toros del Este players
West Virginia Power players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
American baseball players of Filipino descent
Anchorage Glacier Pilots players
The Cabinet of Hugon Hanke ( Polish : Rząd Hugona Hanke ) was a brief administration of the Polish Government in Exile , formed on August 8 and dismissed on September 10 , 1955 .
Hugon Hanke ( Labor Party , SP ) , Prime Minister .
Kazimierz Okulicz , Minister of Justice .
Zygmunt Rusinek , Minister of Émigrés ' Affairs .
Stanisław Sopicki ( SP ) , Minister of the Treasury , Industry and Trade .
Gen. Michał Tokarzewski-Karaszewicz , Minister of National Defense .
Antoni Pająk ( ZSP ) , Minister of Congress .
Hanke , Hugon
1955 establishments in Poland
1955 disestablishments in Poland
Cabinets established in 1955
Cabinets disestablished in 1955
A Field-tube boiler ( also known as a bayonet tube )
is a form of water-tube boiler where the water tubes are single-ended . The tubes are closed at one end , and they contain a concentric inner tube . Flow is thus separated into the colder inner flow down the tube and the heated flow upwards through the outer sleeve . As Field tubes are thus dependent on thermo-syphon flow within the tube , they must thus always have some vertical height to encourage the flow . In most designs they are mounted near-vertically , to encourage this .
They are named after Edward Field , their inventor , and were originally developed for steam fire-engines where speed of raising steam was important . More recently , Field-tube boilers have been most widely used by French manufacturers , either for small vertical boilers , or as a marine boiler . The use of this type of Field tube has also been researched for the transfer of heat from nuclear reactors , vacuum condensers and heat exchangers .
The thimble-tube boiler has some similarities , in that its water-tubes are also single-ended . The simpler thimble tube does not have the inner tube of the field-tube , therefore its flow is mixed , turbulent and dependent on random boiling . For this reason , thimble tubes can only be short , so are used in large numbers , and usually horizontally as their flow is not coherent enough to benefit from a gravity gradient . Field tubes are however more complex and expensive to manufacture . Field-tube boilers therefore use fewer and longer tubes ( giving the same heating area for a reduced number of tubes ) .
Field-tubes are always submerged , i.e . the upper end of the tube is mounted into the boiler below the water level , otherwise flow into the cold side of the tube can not be replenished .
The principal advantage claimed for Field-tube boilers is that there are none of the expansion problems experienced in boilers with simple tubes . Secondly , as Field-tubes are connected from just one end , their replacement and maintenance is simpler .
One drawback of the field-tube is a tendency for mud and scale to accumulate in the bottom of the tube , potentially blocking circulation . The closed tube ends are also difficult to wash out . Providing an excessive dead space there as a mud reservoir would have poor circulation , thus risking local overheating . Efforts must thus be made to ensure that all tubes are equally heated and that all have strong circulation within them , encouraging enough flow to scour the tubes free of sludge .
Field-tubes as thermic syphons
Where a simple vertical boiler requires additional heating surface , particularly where this is directly exposed to the furnace so as to raise steam more rapidly , field-tubes may be installed in the roof of the firebox , almost down to the level of the firebed . They thus act as a form of thermic syphon . As they are only mounted at one end and are free to expand in the heat , many of the usual expansion problems of thermic syphons are avoided . To encourage adequate circulation though , tubes should not be closer than 30° to horizontal , and longer tubes may need to be steeper than this .
De Poray boiler
The De Poray boiler is French in origin . Its defining characteristic is its patented double combustion chamber , intended to increase combustion efficiency , thus reducing fuel costs and smoke emissions . The secondary chamber is mounted adjacent to the first and consists of a refractory ring of reduced diameter to the first combustion chamber . This ring is heated by radiation from primary combustion , thus maintaining a high temperature . Any unburned combustion gases leaving the first chamber are heated by this incandescent ring and together with the supply of secondary air are encouraged to ignite .
In the vertical form of the De Poray boiler , the main heating surface is composed of vertical Field tubes in this secondary combustion chamber . A steel radiation bell is hung in the centre of the chamber , beneath the outlet flue , and the combustion gases are directed to pass over this , heating it . Heating of the tubes themselves is partly by convection from the gases , partly by indirect re-radiation from this heated bell . This permits a lower operating temperature for the tubes , also a more even heating . This is claimed by the makers to encourage more uniform boiling within the tube , thus faster steam-raising .
An unusual feature of this boiler is that the field tubes are not rigidly attached to the boiler shell , but merely gasketed into place . The thickened ends of the tubes are formed to a taper and the tubeplate holes are reamed to match . A paper gasket is sufficient to seal the joint . Inspection or removal for replacement is thus simplified . As the boiler is always under greater pressure than the atmosphere , the tubes self-tighten under pressure and avoid leaking . Obviously the boiler must never be placed under vacuum , so a vacuum valve may need to be provided .
Niclausse boiler
The Niclausse boiler is another French design , used for both land and marine use . It uses long Field tubes set at a shallow angle to the horizontal , as per the Babcock & Wilcox boiler . These Field tubes are linked into vertical sets by headers at their upper end . This header is a double pipe , with two sections linking the inner and outer waterspaces separately . Above the boiler and outside the flue gas enclosure , a steam-and-water drum links these headers together .
It was notably used in some of the last pre-dreadnought battleships ( circa 1900 ) of the French , Italian , Russian and British navies . The built by the Bath Iron Works in Maine and their launching in October 1904 with steam provided by twenty-four coal-fired Niclausse Boilers .
Although performance of this boiler has been good , washout is difficult and sludge build-up can be a problem . With careful design and regular maintenance the type gained a reputation for reliability and the quick replacement of a failed tube , which made it suitable for naval practice , less so for commercial use .
Niclausse boilers gave poor fuel economy when coupled with turbines operating at low speed , in addition to copious quantities of smoke and sparks . As such , they fell out of favor for naval shipbuilding once steam turbines became commonplace ( see Danton class battleship for example ) .
Dürr boiler
A very similar type , used in German warships , was the Dürr boiler . This did not use sectional headers , but single chambers .
By 1901 , the Royal Navy had ordered eight Dürr boilers from Germany , to be installed as a trial on board the Marathon-class cruiser .
See also
Clarkson thimble tube boiler
References
Water-tube boilers
Steam boiler types
Vertical boilers
The siege of Ypres ( 1–18 June 1794 ) saw a Republican French army commanded by Jean-Charles Pichegru invest the fortress of Ypres and its 7,000-man garrison composed of Habsburg Austrians under Paul von Salis and Hessians led by Heinrich von Borcke and Georg von Lengerke . French troops under Joseph Souham fended off three relief attempts by the corps of François Sébastien Charles Joseph de Croix , Count of Clerfayt . Meanwhile , the French besiegers led by Jean Victor Marie Moreau compelled the Coalition defenders to surrender the city . The fighting occurred during the War of the First Coalition , part of the Wars of the French Revolution . In 1794 Ypres was part of the Austrian Netherlands , but today it is a municipality in Belgium , located about west of Brussels .
In the Flanders Campaign of 1794 , the Coalition army made its main drive against the French center while the French attacked on the two flanks . The Coalition was successful at first but the French soon seized the initiative with persistent attacks . When the Coalition forces shifted east to defend the line of the Sambre River at the end of May , the left wing of Pichegru 's Army of the North laid siege to Ypres . Clerfayt 's outnumbered corps found itself unable to defend the western flank . A week after Ypres fell , the French won a critical victory on the eastern flank at the Battle of Fleurus .
Background
On France 's northeast frontier in March 1794 the Army of the North fielded 126,035 troops or 194,930 if all the garrisons were added . The subordinate Army of the Ardennes numbered only 6,757 soldiers ready for action but 32,773 men when all its garrisons were counted . The combined total was 227,703 men , far too large a number for any one general to manage at that time . Against these , the Coalition fielded 150,000 troops to defend the Austrian Netherlands and the Dutch Republic and 20,000 more to hold Luxembourg . The Coalition plan was to press hard against the French defenses and perhaps open the way to Paris .
General of Division Jean-Charles Pichegru commanded the Army of the North which held the frontier from Dunkirk on the west , through Lille , Douai and Cambrai to Maubeuge on the east . The Army of the Ardennes was posted on its right . The French armies were more numerous but lacked the discipline of the Coalition armies . Lazare Carnot drew up the French strategic plan which was to attack on the two flanks , a `` pet theory '' of his . Meanwhile , the Coalition armies under Austrian Feldmarschall Prince Josias of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld struck in the center with 85,000 soldiers . After repelling two fumbling attempts at relief , Coburg successfully concluded the Siege of Landrecies on 30 April 1794 . Meanwhile , Pichegru 's forces drove back Feldzeugmeister François Sébastien Charles Joseph de Croix , Count of Clerfayt 's corps on the west flank , in the area of Kortrijk ( Courtrai ) and Menen ( Menin ) at the end of April and early May . On the east flank , Pichegru simplified their command problems in mid-April by placing three divisions between Cambrai and Maubeuge under General of Division Jacques Ferrand . A few weeks later , the French started attacking the line of the Sambre River , but were beaten on 13 and 24 May . These were the battles of Grandreng and Erquelinnes .
Coburg 's main army attacked the Army of the North on 17 and 18 May . Because the attacking columns were poorly coordinated , the French repelled the Coalition army with heavy losses at the Battle of Tourcoing . General of Division Joseph Souham led the French army in Pichegru 's absence . Pichegru was bloodily repulsed by Coburg at the Battle of Tournay on 22 May . Relations between Coburg and the British Prince Frederick , Duke of York and Albany became strained and the two could not decide on a common strategy . On the east flank , the French attacked across the Sambre for the third time at the end of May but were forced to pull back in the Battle of Gosselies .
Operations
Siege
When they placed their right wing divisions under a single leader in mid-April , Pichegru moved their left wing forward . From left to right , the divisions were led by General of Division Pierre Antoine Michaud at the port of Dunkirk with 13,943 men , General of Division Jean Victor Marie Moreau at Cassel with 15,968 troops and Souham at Lille with 31,865 soldiers . The 7,822-strong brigade of General of Brigade Pierre-Jacques Osten held Pont-à-Marcq . In early May , General of Division Jacques Philippe Bonnaud 's division arrived from the right wing and absorbed Osten 's brigade , making a total of 23,000 men . These were unusually large divisions . In the Army of Sambre-et-Meuse at a later period the divisions numbered between 8,000 and 12,000 men . As late as 1 September 1794 , Souham 's division counted 20,000 soldiers , Moreau 's had 13,000 , Bonnaud 's numbered 11,800 and General of Division Éloi Laurent Despeaux 's had 6,600 .
Worried about the persistent French attacks along the Sambre , the Coalition high command shifted their weight to the east to cover Charleroi , taking troops from the Duke of York 's force at Tournai . Encouraged by their enemies ' weakness , Pichegru invested Ypres on 1 June 1794 . Moreau 's division was employed in the siege operations . Souham covered the siege with Michaud 's division on their left and Despeaux 's division on their right . Instead of concentrating their forces to crush one of the French wings , the Coalition forces shifted back and forth ineffectively . Meanwhile , the Duke of York was left uselessly guarding Tournai with 30,000 Austrians .
Austrian General-major Paul von Salis commanded the 7,000-man Coalition garrison of Ypres . The Austrian contingent was made up of two battalions of the Stuart Infantry Regiment Nr . 18 , the 3rd Battalions of the Schröder Nr . 7 and Callenberg Nr . 54 Infantry Regiments and one company of the O'Donnell Freikorps . The Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel units consisted of two battalions each of the Erbprinz , Lossberg and Prinz Karl Infantry Regiments , the Leib Squadron of the Gendarmes and 12 field pieces . The Hessians were led by Generals-major Heinrich von Borcke and Georg von Lengerke . Pichegru had about 50,000 troops in the vicinity of Ypres .
Ypres became a cloth trading center in the Middle Ages and was first fortified in the period 1200–1400 . The Spanish strengthened the medieval defenses early in the 1600s . The French captured the city but handed it back to Spain in the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659 . The Walloon engineer Jean Boulengier greatly improved the works in 1669 . Nevertheless , in a 1678 siege the city was captured by the French . The military engineer Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban immediately set about making extensive changes to the defenses that year and later in 1682 . The modernizations made Ypres a fortress of the first class . Ironically , Ypres was handed over to the Dutch Republic by the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713 , along with Veurne ( Furnes ) , Fort Knokke , Menen , Tournai , Mons , Charleroi , Namur and Ghent . Though the fortresses were in the Austrian Netherlands , they were intended to serve as a barrier to protect Holland . Emperor Joseph II slighted the defenses of Ypres though they were later partly restored .
Relief efforts and surrender
On 6 June 1794 there was a skirmish at Vry-Bosch ( Vrijbos ) near Houthulst north of Ypres between 5,500 Coalition troops and an unknown number of French soldiers . General-major Rudolf von Hammerstein led the 3rd and 4th Hanoverian Grenadier Battalions , two battalions of the 14th Hanoverian Infantry Regiment , one squadron of the Hanoverian Leib Cavalry Regiment , the British 12th Foot and 38th Foot , three squadrons of the British 8th Light Dragoons , two battalions of French Royalists , one squadron of Hesse-Kassel Gendarmes and 11 Hanoverian guns . The Coalition lost about 80 casualties , including four killed , 33 wounded and nine captured among the Hanoverians . Aside from 30 men captured , French losses are not known . This was the first unsuccessful attempt to relieve Ypres .
When Clerfayt took a position at Roeselare ( Roulers ) , Pichegru attacked them with three divisions on 10 June . After some fighting the Coalition corps withdrew to Tielt ( Thielt ) . Souham was in tactical control of approximately 20,000 soldiers of whom about 1,000 were killed and wounded in the fighting . In this second attempt to break the siege , the Coalition lost 600 killed and wounded plus 400 captured out of the 20,000 men under Clerfayt . The Austrian troops engaged were two battalions of the Archduke Charles Infantry Regiment Nr . 3 , two grenadier battalions , eight squadrons of the Latour Chevau-léger Regiment Nr . 31 and two batteries of foot artillery . Soldiers from the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt involved in the action were the 1st Battalions of the Leib-Grenadiers and Landgraf Infantry Regiments , two companies each of jägers and light infantry , four squadrons of chevau-légers and one foot artillery battery . Evidently , the Austrians suffered most of the losses because the Hessians reported only one killed and 16 wounded . Roeselare is located about northeast of Ypres .
At 7:00 AM on 13 June 1794 , Clerfayt launched a sudden assault on Despeaux 's division . General of Brigade Philippe Joseph Malbrancq 's brigade was routed and General of Brigade Jean-Baptiste Salme 's brigade was pushed back to the south in the direction of Menen . The weight of the Coalition attack next fell on General of Brigade Jacques MacDonald 's brigade at Hooglede , supported by an additional regiment on its left . MacDonald 's men held their ground for six hours , fighting off repeated cavalry charges . Finally , General of Brigade ( and later Admiral ) Jan Willem de Winter 's brigade advanced on MacDonald 's left and Salme 's rallied brigade came forward on their right . At this , the worn-out Coalition soldiers withdrew . Hooglede is northwest of Roeselare .
At Hooglede Clerfayt brought 19,000 troops into action of whom 900 became casualties . These included British losses of 28 killed , 70 wounded and 13 missing and Hanoverian losses of 35 killed , 113 wounded and five missing . Feldmarschall-Leutnant Anton Sztáray led the Austrian forces , which included two battalions each of grenadiers , the Archduke Charles Nr . 3 , Sztaray Nr . 33 and Wurttemberg Nr . 38 Infantry Regiments , six battalions of reinforcements under General-major Wilhelm Lothar Maria von Kerpen and three foot artillery batteries . General von Hammerstein led the Hanoverian contingent , the 1st , 3rd and 4th Grenadier Battalions , two battalions of the 14th Infantry Regiment , two squadrons of the Leib Cavalry Regiment and two foot artillery batteries . Other engaged troops included the British 38th and 55th Foot Regiments and two squadrons of the 8th Light Dragoons , the French Royalist Loyal Emigrants Battalion and one squadron of Hessen-Kassel Gendarmes . Altogether , the 24,000-strong French force under Souham and MacDonald suffered 1,300 casualties and lost one field piece . Hooglede was the third and final Coalition attempt to lift the siege .
Ypres surrendered on the 17th or 18 June . The surviving members of the garrison marched out with the honors of war and surrendered their weapons , 30 Hessian colors , four Austrian colors and 12 field guns . During the siege 400 defenders were killed . French losses are unknown .
Results
Digby Smith called Ypres the key to the province of Flanders , while Ramsay Weston Phipps remarked that the Austrians never realized the significance of the fortress . Clerfayt immediately retreated to Ghent , chased by Souham 's covering force . Part of the victorious Army of the North came into contact with the Duke of York 's corps at Oudenaarde on 26 June , but were called away to drive northeast along the coast . Also on the 26th , General of Division Jean Baptiste Jourdan 's army defeated Coburg 's main army at the Battle of Fleurus . On 1 July , Pichegru 's army was at Bruges and by 11 July Pichegru and Jourdan 's armies were linked on an east-west line through Mechelen ( Malines ) , Brussels and Namur . The divergent purposes of the Coalition allies now came into the open . The Dutch and British positioned their forces to defend Holland while the Austrians fell back to Louvain and Tienen ( Tirlemont ) in order to cover Maastricht and their communications with Cologne and Koblenz .
Notes
References
Source for first names of Hessian and Hanoverian generals .
Sieges of the French Revolutionary Wars
Battles of the French Revolutionary Wars
Sieges involving Austria
Battles involving Hesse-Kassel
Sieges involving France
Conflicts in 1794
1794 in the Austrian Netherlands
Siege of Ypres ( 1794 )
Sieges of the War of the First Coalition
Battles of the War of the First Coalition
Battles in Flanders
Battles inscribed on the Arc de Triomphe
The Democratic Party ( ) was a left liberal political party in the Netherlands . It was founded in 1921 by Jan Ernst Heeres when the Liberal Union , of which they were president , failed to merge with the Free-thinking Democratic League ( VDB ) , and instead merged with the more conservative League of Free Liberals and Economic League .
At the party 's first general election , the 1922 election , with Heeres leading the candidates list , it failed to attract enough votes for a seat in the House of Representatives . Its highest vote tally was at the 1925 election when it received 11,000 votes , which , at less than half a per cent of the total votes , was still insufficient to earn a seat . While members of the Democratic Party did manage to earn seats in the Provincial council and various city councils , it failed at the subsequent general elections in 1929 . When Heeres died in 1932 , the Democratic Party ceased to exist .
References
Sources
Defunct political parties in the Netherlands
Liberal parties in the Netherlands
Netherlands 1901
Social liberal parties
Political parties established in 1921
Political parties disestablished in 1932
1921 establishments in the Netherlands
Freethought organizations
The 1905 Saskatchewan general election was the first provincial election in the newly created Canadian province of Saskatchewan . It was held on 13 December 1905 to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan . Walter Scott led the Liberal Party of Saskatchewan to victory over the Provincial Rights Party of Frederick W. A. G. Haultain , and became the first Premier of the new province .
Members of the Legislative Assembly elected
For complete electoral history , see individual districts
Note :
* In 1907 by order of the Legislative Assembly Samuel Donaldson of the Provincial Rights party was declared elected and Peter Tyerman lost their seat .
See also
List of Saskatchewan political parties
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan - Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1905 elections in Canada
1905 in Saskatchewan
1905
December 1905 events
Norman Brown ( born December 18 , 1970 ) is an American smooth jazz guitarist and singer .
Career
Brown was born in Shreveport , Louisiana in 1970 and grew up in Kansas City , Kansas . When they were eight years old , they were attracted to their brother 's acoustic guitar . They were inspired by Jimi Hendrix and the Isley Brothers . When they heard Wes Montgomery , they began to play jazz . They attended the Musicians Institute in Hollywood . After graduating in 1984 , they joined the staff and was an instructor until 1998 . In 1991 they signed with Mo Jazz , a division of Motown .
In 1992 they released their debut album , Just Between Us . Collaborators included Boyz II Men , Stevie Wonder , and Kenneth H. Williams . The album was produced by Norman Connors , a jazz drummer and producer who discovered Brown . In 1994 Brown released the album After the Storm , which gained critical success and was awarded jazz album of the year by Soul Train Music Awards . It also won a Gavin Radio Award by remaining on the charts for over two years . They followed this album with the 1996 release Better Days Ahead , which earned them a broader audience and the American Jazz Award . In 1999 , they returned from a three year hiatus and signed with Warner Bros. , releasing Celebration , which was produced by Norman Brown , Paul Brown , and Herman Jackson .
In 2002 , they formed BWB with saxophonist Kirk Whalum and trumpeter Rick Braun , and they released the album Groovin ' . During the summer of 2007 , Brown had a No . 1 smooth jazz radio hit , `` Let 's Take a Ride '' , from the album Stay with Me , according to Radio and Records magazine . In 2008 , the Verve Music Group re-released Just Between Us as part of its `` Verve Originals '' series . Brown 's music can be heard during The Weather Channel 's Local on the 8s segments . Their song `` Lydian '' is included in their 2008 compilation album , The Weather Channel Presents : Smooth Jazz II . In 2011 , Brown collaborated with Gerald Albright to record 24/7 which had a number one single , `` In the Moment '' , and earned them a Grammy Award nomination .
Discography
as BWB ( Braun-Whalum-Brown )
See also
BWB
List of smooth jazz performers
References
External links
Official Website
Norman Brown at Discogs
1970 births
Living people
Musicians from Kansas City , Missouri
20th-century African-American male singers
American jazz singers
American jazz guitarists
Smooth jazz guitarists
Soul-jazz guitarists
Grammy Award winners
Musicians Institute alumni
Singers from Missouri
Guitarists from Missouri
Jazz musicians from Missouri
21st-century African-American male singers
21st-century American guitarists
BWB ( band ) members
African-American guitarists
Sanga District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique . The principal town is
Sanga .
Further reading
District profile ( PDF )
Districts in Niassa Province
Sorin Ghionea ( born 11 May 1979 in Galați ) is a retired Romanian footballer who played as a centre-back
Club career
Oțelul Galați
At the age of 12 , Ghionea was sent to Oțelul Galați football club by their teacher , Tică Ploieșteanu . The second day they were hand-picked by the coach and played there for 2 years . After that they studied hard at school and left football until the 10th grade when they went back to the youth team of Oțelul Galați . At first they played as a full left back , but then they moved into the center of defense .
Dunărea Galați
Ghionea made their debut as a player for Dunărea Galaţi during the 1997–98 season and helped their team avoid relegation in Liga III . Just one year later , they joined Oțelul Galați . They debuted in Divizia A on 7 August 1998 in the win against FC Național .
They played for Oțelul between 1998 and 2003 62 matches and scoring two goals . They also are loaned by Steaua to Oțelul Galați in the 2004–05 season in Liga I .
Steaua București
In 2002 , Ghionea moved to Steaua București for free transfer , but they did not convince Victor Piturca , Steaua 's manager at that time , playing only in 6 matches and then being loaned back to Oțelul Galați . They played as a captain for Oțelul on their loaned season in most of the matches and they had excellent performances .
In 2004 , the ex-president of Oțelul Galați , now manager of Steaua București , Mihai Stoica , took them back to the team from Bucharest .
When they returned to Steaua , Victor Piţurcă left to coach the Romanian national football team and Walter Zenga became Steaua 's new manager .
In September 2004 , Ghionea went through an operation on their nose after the match against FK Voždovac . To protect their nose , they played wearing a mask and they were nicknamed `` Zorro '' . They became close to Dorin Goian a basic player for Steaua București especially after they took Mirel Rădoi 's place in the central defense after they were injured for a couple of times . When Rădoi returned to the first team they were put to play in the midfield and Ghionea kept their place .
With Steaua București they played 53 games in two seasons and succeeded to win two consecutive champion titles in 2005 and 2006 .
In the European Cups they debuted with Steaua in UEFA Cup in the season 2004–05 which was very good for them because they succeeded to qualify in the European Spring after more than 10 years .
Steaua passed from a group with Standard Liège , Sampdoria , Besiktas Istanbul and Athletic Bilbao and also eliminated after this the ex-winner of UEFA Cup , Valencia .
The next season in UEFA Cup was even better because Steaua played in the semi-finals after defeated teams like Lens , Heerenveen , Real Betis and in the quarter-finals Rapid București , one of their traditional Romanian rivals . In the semi-final was eliminated by Middlesbrough after two fantastic games .
They scored their first goal for Steaua against Dinamo Kiev , in the UEFA Champions League group stage . After a corner kick served by Vasilică Cristocea , Ghionea placed a header on the right post and in the back of the net .
On 25 February 2007 , Ghionea suffered an injury in Steaua – UTA Arad , match ended with a draw . Their situation got worse and they were forced to have surgery on their left knee in April 2007 . After 4 months from the injury , Ghionea started their training on the pitch , closely supervised by medic Radu Paligora . Even though it was said that Ghionea would not miss the start of Liga I 2007–08 season on 28 July , their knee was not fully recovered and they did not play in any match for Steaua . In October 2007 there were rumors that Ghionea would no longer play football , but coach Massimo Pedrazzini said that the information was not true and Ghionea was still recovering . On 13 October 2007 the center back went through another surgery to check the natural causes of their injury and to estimate the period that they would be unavailable .
On 18 January 2008 , they played their first game since their injury , after 11 months , a friendly match against Wisła Kraków that ended 0–0 . They played in almost all of the season 's remaining matches .
On 10 July 2008 , Steaua București rejected a €1.5m bid from Serie A side Catania but Ghionea decided to remain at the club for the foreseeable future .
Rostov
On 20 January 2010 , Steaua announced that Ghionea was sold to FC Rostov . The Romanian centre-back signed until June 2013 . They made their debut in a 0–2 defeat to Tom Tomsk on 13 March 2010 . After spending a season in the Russian Premier League Ghionea , decided to terminate their contract with Rostov on 7 February 2011 .
Politehnica Timișoara
On 9 February 2011 , Ghionea signed an initial six-month contract with Poli , with the option to extend it for another two years . Ghionea made their home debut for Politehnica Timișoara in 3–1 win against Gaz Metan Mediaş on 26 February 2011 . Although Poli finished second at the end of the 2010–11 Liga I season and was supposed to play in the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League , however , the club was relegated to the second division because of accumulated debt and Ghionea left Poli on 19 July .
Târgu Mureș
On 19 July 2011 , they signed a two-year deal with Liga I side FCM Târgu Mureş .
International career
Ghionea made their international debut for Romania on 27 March 2002 in a friendly against Ukraine , and their international career got off to a winning start with a 4–1 victory for Romania . Since then Ghionea has won nine further caps for Romania . They were sent off in Romania 's second 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification match against the Faroe Islands in which Romania won 1–0 .
International goals
Honours
Club
Steaua București
Liga I : 2004–05 , 2005–06
Supercupa României : 2006
UEFA Cup semi-finalist : 2005–06
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football central defenders
Romanian expatriate footballers
ASC Oțelul Galați players
FC Steaua București players
FCV Farul Constanța players
FC Rostov players
FC Politehnica Timișoara players
ASA 2013 Târgu Mureș players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
FC Viitorul Constanța players
Romania international footballers
UEFA Euro 2008 players
Liga I players
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Russian Premier League players
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Sportspeople from Galați
YOYO-1 is a green fluorescent dye used in DNA staining . It belongs to the family of monomethine cyanine dyes and is a tetracationic homodimer of Oxazole Yellow ( abbreviated YO , hence the name YOYO ) , typically available as tetraiodide salt . In aqueous buffer , free YOYO-1 dye ( absorption : λmax 458 nm , emission : λmax 564 nm ) has very low fluorescence quantum yield , however the intensity of fluorescence increases 3200 times upon binding through bis-intercalation to double-stranded DNA ( absorption : λmax 489 nm , emission : λmax 509 nm ) .
Synthesis
YOYO-1 is prepared by alkylation of N , N , N′ , N′-tetramethyl-1,3-propanediamine with 2 equivalents of N- ( 3-iodopropyl ) analogue of Oxazole Yellow , which is available in three steps from 2-mercaptobenzoxazole :
Photophysics
The molar attenuation coefficient at the absorption peak of YOYO-1 is nearly 105 cm−1M−1 , among the high values of typical organic dyes . The fluorescence quantum yield of YOYO-1 in water is very small ( < 0.1 % ) and thus nonfluorescent . Upon binding to DNA , its quantum yield enhances > 1000-fold and reaches up to 50 % , among the brightest fluorescent organic dyes .
Under light excitation , photoblinking and photobleaching are observed for YOYO-1 in DNA . The latter is also believed to be the cause of the photocleavage of the host DNA molecules by generating reactive free radicals .
Two major mechanisms have been proposed in the literature to explain why YOYO-1 is not fluorescent in the polar solvents but is fluorescent when intercalated in the DNA base pairs . The first one is intramolecular charge transfer and the second is intermolecular charge transfer . Both are still actively under examination on which one being dominating .
The intramolecular charge transfer mechanism was established around the 1980s . Under light illumination in water , the excited electron in the molecule shifts its probability across the methine group which enables the molecule to rotate along with the methine group , a photoisomerization reaction . This rotation relaxes the energy nonradiatively thus the molecule is not fluorescent . However , when YOYO-1 is intercalated into the DNA base pairs , it gets stuck and can not rotate . Thus the molecule stays fluorescent . The major evidence is when increase the viscosity of the solution by cooling down and increase the glucose content in a mixed solution , the quantum yield of YOYO-1 increases .
The intermolecular charge transfer mechanism was proposed in 2018 . YOYO-1 is weakly bonded with the polar solvent molecules . When it is excited by light , an electron-hole pair is created in the molecule . The hole is able to get an extra electron from the solvent that created a negatively charged YOYO-1 radical and a positively charged radical in the solution . Most time the radical neutralize each other very quickly and nonradiatively . This is a Dexter electron transfer process that quenches the fluorescence and creates the rotation of the YOYO-1 molecule . As such , the rotation is a product of the quenching , not the cause of the quenching proposed in the intramolecular charge transfer mechanism . There is a small probability that the radicals separate each other and diffuse away , which then makes the YOYO-1 molecule susceptible to photobleaching . When the YOYO-1 molecules are intercalated in the DNA molecule , the hydrophobic base pairs greatly reduce the radical formation because DNA is a poor electrical conductor . Thus the fluorescent quenching by the solvent is greatly reduced . The small number of leaking charges create long-lived radicals and cut the DNA backbones that results in a DNA photocleavage . This mechanism has been supported by the data in femtosecond ultrafast transient absorption spectroscopy .
If the intramolecular charge transfer mechanism dominates the fluorescent quenching of YOYO-1 in water , then one can add bulky ligand to stop or slow down the rotation to increase its quantum yield in water . However , if the intermolecular charge transfer dominates , one can modify the molecule to stop the charge transfer between YOYO-1 and water either by charge passivation , or ligand modification to shift its redox potentials .
Applications
The major applications of YOYO-1 are for DNA staining . Under normal conditions and pH level , the four positive charge of each YOYO-1 molecule makes it very easy to bind to DNA molecules which have negatively charged backbones . The dye then readily intercalates into the DNA either with one end or two ends depending on the annealing temperature and room available . The DNA then lights up under a fluorescence microscope with very small background from the unbound YOYO-1 . The measurement can be at bulk ensemble level or at the single-molecule level . The latter has enabled ultra-high resolution using a super-resolution microscopy . With high illumination power , the dye is known to generate free radicals which then photocleave DNA strands .
References
DNA
Cyanine dyes
Kateh Posht-e Olya ( , also Romanized as Kateh Posht-e ‘ Olyā ; also known as Kateh Posht ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 585 , in 146 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Battle of Stołowicze was a battle of the War of the Bar Confederation . It took place on the 23 September 1771 and ended with the defeat of Bar rebels by Russian general Alexander Suvorov . Michał Kazimierz Ogiński , the Bar commander , was defeated and forced into a brief exile .
References
Stolowicze
Stolowicze
Bar Confederation
Conflicts in 1771
1771 in Europe
Alexander Suvorov
is the first opening theme song to the Japanese anime Kirarin Revolution . The song was released on July 12 , 2006 and is performed by Koharu Kusumi from Morning Musume , credited as . The song was released as Kirari Tsukishima 's first single , who Kusumi portrays in the show .
Background and release
`` Koi Kana '' is the first opening theme song from Kirarin Revolution and is performed by Koharu Kusumi from Morning Musume , who voices the main character , Kirari Tsukishima . The song was released as the character 's debut single and Kusumi is credited as .
The single was released on July 12 , 2006 under the Zetima label . `` Sugao-flavor '' , the first ending theme song to Kirarin Revolution , was included as a B-side and is also performed by Kusumi under their character 's name . The limited edition featured an alternate cover and came with a large sticker as its first press bonus .
A video single was released on August 7 , 2006 .
Music video
The music video features Kusumi dressed up as their character , Kirari Tsukishima , and dancing in a room full of stars . A version featuring footage used for Kirarin Revolution 's opening and the choreography were released with the video single .
Reception
The CD single debuted at # 12 in the Oricon Weekly Singles Chart . The single sold 18,125 copies on its first week and 38,650 copies in total . The video single charted at # 30 on the Oricon Weekly DVD Charts .
Cover version
A Finnish-language cover version of the song , `` Se tunne '' , by Finnish singer Laura Vanamo , was released on March 25 , 2009 , by Poko Rekords .
Track listing
Single
DVD single
Charts
Single
DVD single
References
External links
Koi Kana entries on the Hello ! Project official website : CD entry , DVD entry
2006 singles
2006 songs
Anime songs
Hello ! Project songs
Children 's television theme songs
Kirarin Revolution
Songs written by Tetsurō Oda
Animated series theme songs
Zetima Records singles
Kim Roussakoff ( born January 4 , 1996 ) is a Swedish ice hockey defenceman . They are currently playing with Frölunda HC of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Roussakoff made their Swedish Hockey League debut playing with Frölunda HC during the 2014–15 SHL season .
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Frölunda HC players
Swedish ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Gothenburg
Lamentation of Christ is an oil painting created by Greek painter Nikolaos Kantounis . They were a painter and teacher . They were a priest . Their teachers were famous painters Ioannis Korais and Nikolaos Koutouzis They were a representative of the Heptanese School . Their artwork was created during the Neoclassical and Romantic periods in Greek art . They were active on the island of Zakynthos from 1782–1834 . They were one of the earliest members of the modern Greek art period . Over 164 of their paintings have survived . They are known for painting many portraits . They were a member of the secret organization for Greek Independence called the Filiki Eteria . Towards the end of their life they were honored with the rank of Grand Sakellarios .
The Passion of Jesus has been depicted in countless paintings both Greek and Italian . The Lamentation of Christ or Pietà was a popular theme adopted by the Cretan School . Andreas Pavias and Nikolaos Tzafouris both featured works in the traditional Greek style . Greek art began to evolve and integrate Venetian painting styles . By the Late Cretan and early Heptanese School . Greek artists began to integrate Flemish engravings into their paintings . By the 1800s Nikolaos Doxaras and Panagiotis Doxaras attempted to popularize oil painting . Panagiotis Doxaras significantly refined the Greek style but did not have the commercial success of El Greco with Renaissance Baroque style oil paintings . Nikolaos Kantounis had a very successful workshop . They were able to successfully maintain a workshop that emulated Renaissance Baroque-style oil paintings . Their Lamentation of Christ resembles Andrea Mantegna 's Lamentation of Christ . The work is part of the collection of the Municipal Art Gallery of Larissa in Greece .
Description
The materials used were oil paint on canvas . The height of the painting is 48.5 cm ( 19 in ) and the width is 61 cm ( 24 in ) . The work resembles Andrea Mantegna 's Lamentation of Christ . Both works of art feature incredible craftsmanship . The crucifixion wounds of Jesus Christ are present in both paintings . Mantegna used tempera on canvas and Kantounis used oil on canvas . Andrea Mantegna 's work features four wounds . Kantouni 's work exhibits three of the holy wounds and an aura . A nimbus of power flows around Christ , glowing like the sun . Kantounis and their contemporaries of the Heptanese School began to refine and develop the human anatomy . Artists focused on definition and form . Kantounis did not hesitate to distinguish the biceps , triceps , and deltoid muscles . A pale figure appears . Both Mantegna and Kantouni 's paintings feature a realistic depiction of a dead Christ . The flesh tones of the angels in Kantouni 's painting allow viewers to distinguish the pale figure . Their celestial statue-like body rests on their burial shroud . The holy shroud is marked with blood stains . The shroud often referred to as the holy towel is painted with light and shadow . The image relays a deep sense of realism . The cadaver magnificently communicates the biblical tragedy . The face of the holy martyr imparts the same tone as Mantegna 's work . The four angels convey hope to onlookers .
Gallery
References
Bibliography
19th-century paintings
Paintings in Greece
Paintings of the Heptanese School
A lock bypass is a technique in lockpicking , of defeating a lock through unlatching the underlying locking mechanism without operating the lock at all . It is commonly used on devices such as combination locks , where there is no natural access ( such as a keyhole ) for a tool to reach the locking mechanism . Because the mechanism itself is not being manipulated , this could technically not be considered lockpicking at all . However , it does fall under the repertoire of techniques used to open locks . Lock bypass is one of the most important parts of locksmithing , especially with respect to public buildings which must be able to be opened from inside in case of fire , thus allowing the use of `` letter box tools '' among other techniques . Locks may be bypassed by a variety of other techniques including loiding , i.e . the `` credit card '' technique , against self-closing `` latch systems . ''
Padlocks may be bypassed by shimming , where one inserts a sprung steel device to retract the spring-loaded catch that restrains the shackle .
Locked cars may be bypassed by introducing a stiff wire between the door and the cars structure to operate internal unlocking catches . The previous method may be assisted by gently prying the door from the frame with an air wedge or lever .
To avoid bypass , a door should be secured using a deadbolt system , in which the locking mechanism and bolt are operated by the key . This prevents the device from being opened without the locking mechanism itself being properly operated .
References
Locksmithing
Head Job is the first solo album by AC/DC drummer Phil Rudd , released on 29 August 2014 . Rudd , who lives in New Zealand , recorded the album with two local musicians whom they had known for 25 years : guitarist Geoffrey Martin and bass guitarist and vocalist Allan Badger . Having worked on solo material since the 1980s between their two stints as drummer with AC/DC , Rudd recorded the final version of the album with their band in Auckland in 2014 . The first single from the album , `` Repo Man '' , was released in July 2014 . A music video for the song `` Head Job '' was released in November 2016 .
Composition
Rudd wrote many of the lyrics for the album , and sings on some tracks . They said , `` When I was on the road with AC/DC sometimes people would say , 'Come on ... sing ' . But I 'm a drummer . But I do a bit on Head Job . '' They added , `` There 's plenty of Phil , but no filler '' .
`` Universal said , 'It 's got eight songs . Can you go to eleven ? ' '' they recalled . `` Have you seen Spinal Tap ? I was fucking born on thirteen . So we knocked out the others . ''
Rudd drew from personal experience when writing the album , describing it as `` about the shit that goes on '' . They added that the title track was about `` going to the pub to commiserate with your mates about someone doing your head in '' .
Reception
Reception to the album 's launch was poor , and this led to Rudd being charged with threatening to kill – charges which were later dropped . However , further legal problems led to Rudd being replaced by Chris Slade for AC/DC 's Rock or Bust World Tour . They said in May 2015 , `` I got back here and the people who I had working for me for this launch – it was a total fucking disaster . So I was really pissed off . ''
Track listing
All songs written by Phil Rudd , Allan Badger and Geoffrey Martin .
`` Head Job '' – 3:35
`` Sun Goes Down '' – 2:51
`` Lonely Child '' – 4:03
`` Lost in America '' – 3:43
`` Crazy '' – 3:53
`` Bad Move '' – 2:41
`` No Right '' – 4:08
`` The Other Side '' – 4:31
`` Forty Days '' – 3:34
`` Repo Man '' – 3:23
`` When I Get My Hands on You '' – 4:06
Personnel
Phil Rudd – drums , vocals
Geoffrey Martin – guitar
Allan Badger – bass guitar , vocals
Produced by Phil Rudd
Tracks 3–9 engineered by Phil Rudd at Mountain Recording Studios ; tracks 1–2 , 10–11 engineered by Hayden Taylor at York Street Studios , Auckland
Mastered by Hayden Taylor
References
2014 debut albums
Universal Music Group albums
Booysen is an Afrikaans surname , also spelled Booyze , Booyse and Booysens . It is related to the English surname Boyce and Boysen in other Germanic languages .
The Stamvader Boy Booysen was the first of the generation of the Booysen family which was born in Germany and arrived in South Africa in the mid-17th century . They were a resident of Stellenbosch and Drakenstein in the Cape . The genealogy of the family can also be traced back to other stamvaders including Karl Booysen-Brùndolf , Pierre Joubert ( Jaubert ) and Jean Durand .
Coat of arms
The Booysen coat of arms is green and gold with a bear standing on a helmet holding a bow . The green represents hope , joy , and loyalty in love . The gold represents generosity of wealth and elevation of the mind . The bear represents strength and ferocity in the protection of one 's family . The bow represents a readiness for battle . The shape of the shield , with the flat top , rounded bottom and small central point , is the shape of a continental shield , suggesting that the bearer had much land , wealth and had explored .
The shield divided into quarters contains another image of the bear holding a bow in the top right segment . The top left and bottom right segments depict an oak tree with acorns , signifying strength , continuous growth ( in mind/wisdom ) , and fertility . The bottom left segment is divided once more and is of a five-point star which represents a noble person/divine quality form above . The other half of that segment is half of a fleur-de-lis which represents purity and light ( and may also represent that the bearer had a connection with France ) .
Notable people named Booysen
Anene Booysen , 17-year-old girl from Bredasdorp , South Africa , raped and killed in February 2013 in South Africa
David Booysen , rugby league footballer of the 1920s for Other Nationalities , and Wigan
David Booysen ( footballer ) , association ( soccer ) footballer for Maritzburg United F.C .
Dawid Booysen - South African shot put record holder in 1970 , won the British AAA Championships in 1967 , father of Henk Booysen .
Henk Booysen - Gold medal in shot put at Athletics at the 1995 All-Africa Games and 1996 African Championships
Jaco Booysen – Rugby league player for South Africa in two World Cups
Jimmy Booysen – Silver medal receiver of Order of Mendi for Bravery in 2004
Marco Booysen , former South African Archery Gold Medallist in 2017
Mario Booysen - a South African Football Defender for Ajax Cape Town FC Cape Town
MJ ( Thinus ) Booysen - renowned South African engineer . Engine electronic controller engineer for Rolls-Royce Trent 1000 engine . Associate professor at Stellenbosch University .
Stefanes Booysen , Steve Booysen is an honorary professor at the School of Accountancy at the University of Pretoria .
References
Surnames
Afrikaans-language surnames
Surnames of German origin
Warendja is an extinct genus of marsupial , present from the Late Miocene to the Late Pleistocene , which went extinct in the Quaternary extinction event . Weighing 10 kg , Warendja is the earliest known vombatiforme to exhibit hypsodonty .
References
Brewer , P. , June , 2007 . New record of Warendja wakefieldi ( Vombatidae ; Marsupialia ) from Wombeyan Caves , New South Wales . Alcheringa 31 , 153–171 . .
Prehistoric vombatiforms
Miocene genus first appearances
Pleistocene genus extinctions
Miocene mammals of Australia
Pliocene mammals of Australia
Pleistocene mammals of Australia
Pleistocene marsupials
Miocene marsupials
Prehistoric marsupial genera
Fossil taxa described in 1982
Lazzarato is an Italian surname . Notable people with the surname include :
David Lazzarato , Canadian business person and board member of Flutter Entertainment
Gigi Lazzarato ( known as Gigi Goregous ) , Canadian internet personality and socialite
Maurizio Lazzarato ( born 1955 ) , Italian sociologist and philosopher
See also
Lazzarotto
Italian-language surnames
Northampton is an unincorporated area in Harris County , Texas . The Northampton Municipal Utility District manages park , electricity , water , and sewage services for the community . the MUD has 1,625 households . The names `` Spring , Texas '' , or `` Klein , Texas '' may be used in postal correspondence .
the MUD president was E.C . Thomas .
History
The community was established circa 1967 .
In 2012 the MUD proposed a bond so it could expand .
Education
Northampton is located in the Klein Independent School District . the zoned schools , all adjacent , were Northampton Elementary School , Hildebrandt Intermediate School , and Klein Oak High School . most residents travel by foot or on bicycle to school even though school bus services were available .
Northampton Elementary 's capacity is 809 . It was to be relieved by the opening of French Elementary School in 2015 .
References
External links
Northampton Municipal Utility District
Northampton Elementary School
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Unincorporated communities in Harris County , Texas
Central Unitaria de Trabajadores may refer to :
Central Union of Workers , a trade union in Colombia
Central Unitaria de Trabajadores ( Paraguay )
Unified Workers ' Centre , a trade union in Chile
The Battle of Köse Dağ was fought between the Sultanate of Rum ruled by the Seljuq dynasty and the Mongol Empire on June 26 , 1243 , at the defile of Köse Dağ , a location between Erzincan and Gümüşhane in modern northeastern Turkey . The Mongols achieved a decisive victory .
Background
During the reign of Ögedei Khan , the Sultanate of Rum offered friendship and a modest tribute to Chormaqan , a kheshig and one of the Mongols ' greatest generals . Under Kaykhusraw II , however , the Mongols began to pressure the sultan to go to Mongolia in person , give hostages , and accept a Mongol darughachi .
Location
Historian Gregory of Akner writes that the battle took place in a field between Erzurum and Erzincan , while Kirakos of Gandzak states that it took place close to a village called Chʻmankatuk , which may refer to modern-day Üzümlü ( formerly Cimin ) in the Erzincan Province of Turkey . Rashid al-Din Hamadani and other sources call the site of the battle Köse Dağ , which means `` bald '' or `` beardless mountain '' in Turkish .
Battle
Under the leadership of Baiju , the Mongol commander , the Mongols attacked Rum in the winter of 1242–1243 and seized the city of Erzurum . Sultan Kaykhusraw II immediately called on their neighbours to contribute troops to resist the invasion . The Empire of Trebizond sent a detachment and the sultan engaged a group of `` Frankish '' ( Western European ) mercenaries . Due to internal disagreements about the war , King Hethum I of Armenian Cilicia delayed joining Kaykhusraw 's army , which left without him . A few Georgian nobles such as Pharadavla of Akhaltsikhe and Dardin Shervashidze also joined him , but most Georgians were compelled to fight alongside their Mongol overlords . The Georgian-Armenian contingent within the Mongol army included Hasan-Jalal I , the ruler of Khachen .
The decisive battle was fought at Köse Dağ on June 26 , 1243 . Various figures are given in the primary sources for the size of the opposing armies , all with the Seljuqs outnumbering the Mongols : 160,000 or 200,000 for the sultan 's army ( which are certainly exaggerations ) and 30,000 or 10,000 for the Mongol force . 80,000 and 30,000 for the sizes of the Seljuq and Mongol armies , respectively , are the more likely numbers . Baiju brushed aside an apprehensive notice from their Georgian officer regarding the size of the Seljuq army , stating that they counted as nothing the numbers of their enemies : `` the more they are , the more glorious it is to win , and the more plunder we shall secure '' .
Kaykhusraw II rejected the proposal of their experienced commanders to wait for the Mongol attack . Instead , they sent a force of 20,000 men , led by inexperienced commanders , against the Mongol army . The Mongol army , feigning retreat , turned back , encircled the Seljuq army and defeated it .
When the rest of the Seljuq army witnessed their defeat , many Seljuq commanders and their soldiers , including Kaykhusraw II , started to abandon the battlefield . Eventually , the Seljuq army was left without leaders and most of their soldiers had deserted , without seeing any combat .
Aftermath
After their victory , the Mongols took control of the cities of Sivas and Kayseri . The sultan fled to Ankara but was subsequently forced to make peace with Baiju and pay a substantial tribute to the Mongol Empire .
The defeat resulted in a period of turmoil in Anatolia and led directly to the decline and disintegration of the Seljuq state . The Empire of Trebizond became a vassal state of the Mongol Empire . Furthermore , the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia became a vassal state of the Mongols . Real power over Anatolia was exercised by the Mongols .
References
External links
Kirakos of Gandzak : History of Armenia ( part 35 ) 13th century
History of Anatolian Seljuks
Battles involving the Mongol Empire
Battles involving the Sultanate of Rum
Kose Dag
Battles in medieval Anatolia
Conflicts in 1243
History of Erzincan Province
History of Gümüşhane Province
Battles involving the Empire of Trebizond
1243 in Asia
1243 in Europe
13th century in the Kingdom of Georgia
Kose Dag
Tamakyaing is a village in Banmauk Township , Katha District , in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma .
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
In cryptography , impossible differential cryptanalysis is a form of differential cryptanalysis for block ciphers . While ordinary differential cryptanalysis tracks differences that propagate through the cipher with greater than expected probability , impossible differential cryptanalysis exploits differences that are impossible ( having probability 0 ) at some intermediate state of the cipher algorithm .
Lars Knudsen appears to be the first to use a form of this attack , in the 1998 paper where they introduced their AES candidate , DEAL . The first presentation to attract the attention of the cryptographic community was later the same year at the rump session of CRYPTO '98 , in which Eli Biham , Alex Biryukov , and Adi Shamir introduced the name `` impossible differential '' and used the technique to break 4.5 out of 8.5 rounds of IDEA and 31 out of 32 rounds of the NSA-designed cipher Skipjack . This development led cryptographer Bruce Schneier to speculate that the NSA had no previous knowledge of impossible differential cryptanalysis . The technique has since been applied to many other ciphers : Khufu and Khafre , E2 , variants of Serpent , MARS , Twofish , Rijndael , CRYPTON , Zodiac , Hierocrypt-3 , TEA , XTEA , Mini-AES , ARIA , Camellia , and SHACAL-2 .
Biham , Biryukov and Shamir also presented a relatively efficient specialized method for finding impossible differentials that they called a miss-in-the-middle attack . This consists of finding `` two events with probability one , whose conditions can not be met together . ''
References
Further reading
Cryptographic attacks
Kutina is a town in central Croatia , the largest settlement in the hilly region of Moslavina , in the Sisak-Moslavina County . The town proper has a population of 13,735 ( 2011 ) , while the total municipal population is 22,760 .
The settlement of Kutina was first mentioned in the historical records in 1256 .
It is the industrial center of the region with petrochemical industry – Petrokemija d.d. , electronic components production – SELK d.d. , and a variety of smaller entrepreneurships .
There is a long mass-media tradition in Kutina , with Moslavački list [ local newspaper ] and Radio Moslavina [ local radio station ] . The initial headquarters of the Nezavisna Televizija ( NeT ) , a regional commercial TV station , were stationed in Voloder near Kutina .
Kutina is widely known for its active youth scene and the alternative-oriented club Baraka .
The main attractions are Lonjsko polje nature park , baroque fortress church of Saint Mary of the Snow , old wooden houses called Trijem ( eng . Porch ) or Čardak , hills of Moslavina with ruins of medieval `` burgs '' .
A special attraction are the Wine roads of Moslavina , where a visitor can take a sip of Croatian and regional genuine wine Škrlet ( Skrlet ) .
The settlements in the administrative area are :
Banova Jaruga , population 665
Batina , population 205
Brinjani , population 253
Čaire , population 33
Gojlo , population 377
Husain , population 971
Ilova , population 821
Jamarica , population 410
Janja Lipa , population 206
Katoličke Čaire , population 232
Kletište , population 116
Krajiška Kutinica , population 73
Kutina , population 13,735
Kutinica , population 58
Kutinska Slatina , population 578
Međurić , population 485
Mikleuška , population 140
Mišinka , population 116
Repušnica , population 1,838
Selište , population 282
Stupovača , population 440
Šartovac , population 383
Zbjegovača , population 346
History
In the late 19th and early 20th century , Kutina was a district capital in the Bjelovar-Križevci County of the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia .
Notable people born in Kutina
Dubravka Ugrešić – Croatian writer , winner of 2010 Tiptree Award , 2000 Heinrich Mann Prize , and 1988 NIN Prize , among others .
Franjo Mihalić – Yugoslav long-distance runner , Olympic silver medalist in marathon and cross-country World champion
Dane Korica – long-distance runner who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics
Matija Vražić Sraz - professional League of Legends flamer and feeder ( bronze since 1994 . )
Marijana Petir - Croatian politician , a Member of the European Parliament
References
External links
Local news and comments
Kutina
Cities and towns in Croatia
Populated places in Sisak-Moslavina County
Bjelovar-Križevci County
Affirmations is a ten-minute short film exploring black gay sexuality as well as the inclusion of black gays in the black community . The film was produced and directed by Marlon Riggs and released in 1990 .
Synopsis
Affirmation begins with a gay , black man recounting their first night with a lover . The man 's name is Reginald T. Jackson . The story begins with Jackson sitting at a bar . The man sitting next to them wanted to pick them up , but Jackson did not want to go . When the man began to cry as they remembered a past lover , Jackson gave in and allowed themselves to go home with the other man . They ended up making love the next morning . Jackson says , “ It was the best experience I have ever had . ”
Affirmation moves from Jackson 's story to Harlem 's African American Freedom Day . African American Freedom Day is a parade celebrating African American tradition . Affirmations documentation of the parade begins with mainstream images of Black culture . Drums , flutes and African American war veterans are all shown marching down the street in the parade . Portraits of Martin Luther King Jr. , Frederick Douglass and Malcolm X are filmed floating down the center of the parade . Then a group of gay , black men come down the parade line . They are shouting , “ Homophobia has to go ! ”
They are followed by the Minority Task Force on AIDS . The film then documents a black man yelling at the pro-gay African American group from the side of the street . They scream , “ You are not part of the African tradition . ”
The following messages are then displayed in text on the screen : I dream a world where homosex , desire , affection , love , no longer invite prosecution . I dream an end to silences that kill . I dream a slave song , a freedom anthem , voices , ancient , yet alive , lifting my life , yours , to new visions of liberation . I dream freedom , no longer needing to ask or witness what happens to dreams deferred ?
As the text fades out the film concludes with gay African Americans expressing their dreams for kinship and the right to be included in the Black community . While they reveal their wishes , Hallelujah ! plays in the background .
Production team
Analysis
Riggs wrote in their essay “ Tongues Retied ” , which defended their documentary Tongues Untied , that their works “ unabashedly celebrate ” African American gay culture .
During the African American Freedom Parade images of Malcolm X are shown alongside Martin Luther King Jr. and Frederick Douglass . Although Riggs has often criticized the Black Nationalist agenda for excluding queerness from blackness , in their essay Black Macho Revisited Riggs Malcolm X after they got involved with the Nation of Islam for adopting a more multicultural view of the black community .
Riggs has often questioned how the black community , which was subject to exclusion from the white community for generations , could exclude its queer members . In Affirmations Riggs uses phrases commonly associated with the Civil Rights Movement ( Langston Hughes ' `` dreams deferred '' or Martin Luther King Jr. 's `` I Have a Dream '' ) . This demonstrates to the audience that the struggles Blacks went through parallels the struggles queer African Americans are going through .
Dedication
Affirmations are dedicated to the memory of Gene Garth . Gene Garth was an on-screen participant in Riggs ' film Tongues Untied .
References
1990 films
American short films
Films directed by Marlon Riggs
American LGBT-related films
1990s English-language films
African-American LGBT-related films
African-American films
1990 short films
LGBT-related short films
1990s American films
Oceana Wu ( ; born on 29 August 1993 ) is a Taiwanese actor under Enjoy Entertainment Co . They are best known for their role in the television series , Hello Again !
Background
Oceana was first scouted during their university years while working part-time at a restaurant . Upon graduation from Chinese Culture University ( in the department of Chinese language and literature ) , they moved to China and began their acting career in web dramas . In 2017 , following completion of their contract , Oceana returned to Taiwan and signed with their current company — Enjoy Entertainment Co . Them role in the television series , Hello Again ! , garnered many positive views from the public .
Filmography
Television series
Films
Music videos
References
External links
1993 births
21st-century Taiwanese actores
Living people
Taiwanese television actores
Sulfur mononitride is an inorganic compound with the formula SN . It is the sulfur analogue of the radical nitric oxide , NO . It can be produced through electrical discharges in mixtures of nitrogen and sulfur compounds , as well as the reaction of nitrogen with sulfur vapor . In outer space , this compound was first detected in the giant molecular cloud Sgr B2 . It was subsequently observed in cold dark clouds and in the comae of comets .
Bonding
The valence electrons of this compound match those of nitric oxide . Unlike NO , NS reacts upon condensation to form polythiazyl or tetrasulfur tetranitride . Sulfur mononitride can be described as some average of a set of resonance structures , one of which has a bond order of one accompanied by charge separation .
Related compounds
Trithiazyl trichloride ( SNCl ) 3
See also
Sulfur nitride
References
Free radicals
Inorganic compounds
Nitrides
Sulfur–nitrogen compounds
Diatomic molecules
The Palatine Watershed ( ) forms the main drainage divide in the Palatinate between the Upper Rhine and the Middle Rhine , the two successive sections of the river Rhine that flow through the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate .
In the southern and central Palatine Forest the effect of the Palatine Watershed is especially clear . There it separates the catchment areas of its four major drainage systems into an eastern and a western region : The Lauter , referred to in its upper reaches as the Wieslauter , the Queich and the Speyerbach flow eastwards , directly into the Upper Rhine ; the Schwarzbach collects the water from the western Palatine Forest and sends it via the Blies , Saar and Moselle rivers to the Middle Rhine .
Course
South and central area
In the southern Palatine Forest , the German part of the Wasgau , the Palatine Watershed begins on the French border in the area of the Erlenkopf hill ( 473 m above NHN ) , where it is a continuation of the watershed in the northern Vosges . Always generally running from southwest to northeast it initially heads eastwards past Eppenbrunn and Pirmasens over the Großer Schiffelskopf ( 457 m ) and reaches the region of Gräfenstein Land . From there it runs up the Hortenkopf ( 606 m ) in the central Frankenweide . Several kilometres it passes through the hamlet of Johanniskreuz ( 470 m ) , one of the highest settlements in the Palatine Forest . The watershed then reaches the area west of Waldleiningen in the Lower Frankenweide .
Northern area
There are two options for the northern course of the Palatine Watershed , depending on whether the confluence of the Nahe at Bingen is counted as part of the Upper Rhine or is seen as belonging to the Middle Rhine . If the former is assumed , it runs south of the catchment area of the Nahe ; if the latter , it runs to the east of it .
In the first , more usually accepted case , the watershed is identical with that of the Schwarzbach and its headstreams ( especially the Moosalb , Rodalb , Wallhalb and Hornbach ) with the Nahe tributary of the Glan . The drainage divide runs from the Lower Frankenweide westwards through the Imperial Forest ( the Reichswald ) past the Großer Humberg ( 430 m ) in the area of the Großer Hausberg ( 471 m ) between Kaiserslautern and Landstuhl . On the Sickingen Heights it runs close to its northern edge to the Saarland border at Homburg .
In the more rarely postulated second case , the watershed runs from the Lower Frankenweide onwards in a northeasterly , later more northerly direction . In doing so , it separates the catchment area of the Nahe in the west , to which the Lauter ( locally Waldlauter ) , Alsenz and Appelbach belong , from the sources of the smaller , west Upper Rhine tributaries , namely the Isenach , Eckbach , Eisbach and Pfrimm . From the forest of Stumpfwald in the northern Palatine Forest the watershed enters the North Palatine Uplands , passing immediately west of the summit of the highest point in the Uplands , the Donnersberg ( 686.5 m ) . North of Kirchheimbolanden , near Orbis ( 327 m ) , it leaves the Palatinate between the source of the Selz , which flows into the Upper Rhine , and the upper reaches of the Nahe tributary , the Wiesbach , and heads into the region of Rheinhessen .
Elevations
In the south the Palatine Watershed lies below 500 m , its highest point being in the central Palatine Forest northwest of the Hortenkopf at 591 m and in the vicinity of Eschkopf and Mosisberg , in both cases reaching 596m above NHN . The two branches further north vary considerably in height : the western branch lies well under 500 m. The northern branch reaches more than 600 m at the Donnersberg , from where its elevation reduces on the last 8 kilometres to the Rheinhessian border still at an elevation of 300 m .
-- >
References
Geography of the Palatinate ( region )
A letter bank is a relative of the anagram where all the letters of one word ( the `` bank '' ) can be used as many times as desired ( minimum of once each ) to make a new word or phrase . For example , IMPS is a bank of MISSISSIPPI and SPROUT is a bank of SUPPORT OUR TROOPS .
The term was coined by Will Shortz at the 1980 convention of the National Puzzlers League . This puzzle type is the basis for the word game Alpha Blitz .
An imperfect anagram letter bank algorithm can be used to correct spelling mistakes , overcome transposition , dyslexic errors and double letter errors . Combined with other algorithms such as soundex , metaphone , and Levenshtein distance , it could make a very powerful `` did you mean ? '' response to search engine queries .
Examples
BRONTE is a letter bank of the classic Shakespeare quote `` To be , or not to be '' .
SENT , TENS , and NEST are each a letter bank of `` Tennessee '' .
Word puzzles
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday , November 2 , 1954 . All of the state 's executive officers—the governor , secretary of state , auditor , treasurer , and superintendent of public instruction—were up for election . The result was largely a continuation of Republican rule , though Democrat Velma Linford won the election for Superintendent and the margins in most of the other races shrunk considerably from 1950 .
Governor
Following Governor Frank A. Barrett 's election to the U.S. Senate in 1952 , Republican secretary of state Doc Rogers became acting governor . They ran for re-election , but was defeated by former state representative Milward Simpson in the Republican primary . In the general election , Simpson then narrowly defeated William M. Jack , the former secretary of state and state auditor .
Secretary of state
Incumbent Republican secretary of state Doc Rogers simultaneously served as acting Governor following Governor Frank A. Barrett 's election to the U.S. Senate in 1952 , and opted to run for re-election as Governor rather than for re-election as secretary of state . State Auditor Everett T. Copenhaver ran for secretary of state , and won the Republican primary unopposed . In the general election , they faced Zan Lewis , a former aide to Senator Lester C. Hunt and the longtime chief clerk in the secretary of state 's office . Copenhaver was able to build on their record of electoral victories and defeated Lewis in a landslide , and was the strongest performing statewide candidate that year .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Zan Lewis , former legislative aide to U.S . Senator Lester C. Hunt , chief clerk in the secretary of state 's office
Archie Ewoldsen , Secretary of the Sheridan Chamber of Commerce , former Public Service Commissioner
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Everett T. Copenhaver , Wyoming State Auditor
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Incumbent Republican state auditor Everett T. Copenhaver opted against seeking a third term , instead running for secretary of state . Accordingly , State Treasurer Minnie A. Mitchell , barred from seeking a second term as treasurer , ran for auditor . They defeated Rusty Rothwell , secretary to the State Board of Charities and Reform , in the Republican primary and then faced Democratic nominee Bob Adams , a real estate broker , in the general election .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Bob Adams , Cheyenne real estate broker
Adam Roney , former Mayor of Powell
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Minnie A. Mitchell , Wyoming State Treasurer
E. C. `` Rusty '' Rothwell , secretary to the State Board of Charities and Reform
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican state treasurer Minnie A. Mitchell , appointed to the post following the death of their husband in 1952 , was barred from seeking re-election due to term limits . Charles B. Morgan , who served as deputy state treasurer for 41 years and to 12 different state treasurers , won the Republican primary over Insurance Commissioner Ford S. Taft . In the general election , they faced former state representative W. D. `` Jud '' Witherspoon , the Democratic nominee , whom they narrowly defeated .
Democratic primary
Candidates
W. D. `` Jud '' Witherspoon , former state representative from Lincoln County
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Charles B. Morgan , deputy state treasurer
Ford S. Taft , state insurance commissioner
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of public instruction
Incumbent Republican superintendent of public instruction Edna B. Stolt declined to run for re-election to a third term . State Education Commissioner Ray Robertson won the Republican nomination to succeed Stolt unopposed and faced Velma Linford , the 1946 nominee for superintendent . In the Democratic Party 's only pickup of a state executive office , Linford narrowly defeated Robertson to win their first term .
Democratic primary
Candidates
Velma Linford , Laramie High School teacher , 1946 Democratic nominee for Superintendent
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Ray E. Robertson , State Education Commissioner
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Timothy Patrick Harman is a former member of the Indiana House of Representatives representing District 17 from 2012 to 2016 . Harman is a Republican . They are the founder and President of Harman Restaurants , Inc .
Education
High School – Plymouth High School , 1985 graduate
Bachelor 's Degree in Geography – Florida Atlantic University , 1992
Master 's Degree in Education – Florida State University , 1994
Sources
http : //ballotpedia.org/Timothy_Harman
http : //votesmart.org/candidate/34010/timothy-harman # .VBS_8SwtCUk
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana Republicans
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Florida Atlantic University alumni
Florida State University alumni
American restaurateurs
21st-century American politicians
The Tanzania Olympic Committee ( IOC code : TAN ) is the National Olympic Committee representing Tanzania . It was created and recognised by the IOC in 1968
Tanzania made its debut at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo where it was represented by four athletes .
Presidents of Committee
2002 – Gulam Abdulla Rashid
See also
Tanzania at the Olympics
Tanzania at the Commonwealth Games
References
Tanzania
Tanzania
Sports governing bodies in Tanzania
Sports organizations established in 1968
1968 establishments in Tanzania
The 2007 Mazda Champ Car Grand Prix of Portland was the fourth round of the 2007 Champ Car World Series Season . It was held on June 10 at the Portland International Raceway , in Portland , Oregon . It featured the first standing start in Champ Car history . Sébastien Bourdais claimed the victory to make it three wins in four races this season .
Qualifying results
Rain on Saturday meant that the pole was effectively decided during the Qualification 1 session on Friday . Robert Doornbos led the wet Saturday session to start second beside Justin Wilson .
Race
Despite worries about stalled cars and carnage , the first standing start in Champ Car history was executed perfectly as all 17 cars got away from the grid . The race was notable for its lack of caution flags . Only two cars failed to finished , with both Katherine Legge and Jan Heylen both running into problems just before the checkered flag .
Pole sitter Justin Wilson lead easily from the start . Sébastien Bourdais was in fifth place as late as lap 25 after stretching their fuel economy . By short-filling their fuel tank during their first pit stop , Sébastien Bourdais came out on track in second place and was then able to run faster than anyone else on the track , finally passing Wilson after the second pit stop . Once in first , they easily drove away to their third consecutive victory and the 100th in Newman/Haas/Lanigan team history .
Caution flags
None
Notes
Championship standings after the race
Drivers ' Championship standings
Note : Only the top five positions are included .
Attendance
Attendance for the 3 day race weekend was 72,211 with approximately 30,000 people on hand for the Sunday Champ Car main event . This was lower than hoped for by Champ Car and the race organizers leaving the future of the Portland race in doubt as the race 's contract with Champ Car expired after the 2007 race . This was the last Champ Car race held at Portland , as the 2008 race was not absorbed into the IndyCar schedule . On October 12 , 2017 , it was announced that the IndyCar series will return to Portland during the 2018 Labor Day holiday weekend - Aug 31-Sept. 2 , 2018 .
References
External links
Full Weekend Times & Results
Race Box Score
Drivers Standings After Race
Portland , Oregon
Mazda Champ Car Grand Prix
Grand Prix of Portland
2007 in Portland , Oregon
Launcher may refer to :
Application launcher , a kind of utility software
Rocket launcher , a device that launches a rocket-propelled projectile
Grenade launcher , a weapon that launches a specially-designed grenade
Launch vehicle , a rocket used to carry a payload from Earth 's surface into space
Launcher ( company ) , an American rocket company and launch service provider
Launcher , a video game section of The Washington Post
See also
Launch ( disambiguation )
Launched ( 2000 album ) hardcore punk album by Beatsteaks
The Launching ( 1968 TV episode ) episode of Captain Scarlet
The stargazing minnow ( Phenacobius uranops ) is a North American species of freshwater cyprinid fish . It is distributed in the Green , Cumberland and Tennessee River drainages in Kentucky , Virginia , Tennessee , Georgia and Alabama .
This fish is generally about 8 cm long , and grows to 12 cm at most . It is common and abundant and not considered to be threatened .
References
Phenacobius
Taxa named by Edward Drinker Cope
Fish described in 1867
Philippus Jacobus Idenburg ( Hillegersberg , 26 November 1901 – Wassenaar , 29 December 1995 ) was a Dutch educationalist and statistician .
Philip joined the Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek ( the Dutch Central Bureau of Statistics ) where they worked except for a short break until retirement in 1966 . In 1940 they were involved with Gerd Arntz in salvaging the work of the Mundaneum in The Hague , transferring the material to the Dutch Foundation for Statistics which they set up under the leadership of Jan van Ettinger and Arntz . In 1943 Arntz was conscripted into the German Army , and when they returned to the Netherlands in 1946 , Idenburg vouched for them and enabled them to return to their previous job . Philip Jacobus Idenburg was a younger brother of Petrus Johannes Idenburg ( 1898–1989 ) , a Dutch professor of constitutional law and founder of the Afrika-Studiecentrum , Leiden .
Philip was married to 1 ) Margaretha Jacoba Johanna ( Puk ) Kohnstamm , who died in 1956 at the age of 52 and 2 ) to Sarah Carla ( Car ) Kohnstamm , both daughters of Dutch pedagogue Philip Kohnstamm and their wife An Kessler .
References
Dutch civil servants
1901 births
1995 deaths
Articles containing video clips
JLA : The Nail is a three-issue comic book mini-series published by DC Comics in 1998 under its Elseworlds imprint . The story , written and drawn by Alan Davis , is set in a parallel universe where Jonathan and Martha Kent 's truck experiences a flat tire caused by a nail , which stops them from discovering a Kryptonian spaceship outside Smallville containing the baby Kal-El , negating Superman . It was later followed by a sequel , JLA : Another Nail , a three-issue mini-series published in 2004 which wrapped up several loose ends from the original mini-series , such as the war between the New Gods and the Green Lantern Corps and Oliver Queen 's public betrayal of the Justice League .
The story 's theme is set in the first paragraph :
For want of a nail the shoe was lost , for want of a shoe the horse was lost , for want of a horse the knight was lost , for want of a knight the battle was lost . So it was a kingdom was lost – all for want of a nail .
Plot
The Nail
Twenty-four years ago , farmers Jonathan and Martha Kent experience a flat tire on their truck caused by a nail , which stops them from discovering a Kryptonian spaceship containing the baby Kal-El . In the present day , the Justice League consists of Batman , Wonder Woman , Aquaman , the Flash , Hawkwoman , the Atom , Martian Manhunter and Green Lantern .
Journalist Perry White conducts an anti-metahuman propaganda campaign along with mayor of Metropolis Lex Luthor and deputy mayor Jimmy Olsen . After a battle with Amazo which resulted in the death of Hawkman , Oliver Queen ( Green Arrow ) became a bitter paraplegic who claims that the Justice League are aliens who are conspiring against humanity . Metahumans are eliminated or captured one by one : first the supervillains and then teams such as the Doom Patrol and the Outsiders .
The Joker liberates the prisoners in Arkham Asylum with energy-generating gauntlets which they use to trap Batman and kill Robin and Batgirl . Catwoman attacks the Joker and frees Batman , who then damages the Joker 's gauntlets and snaps their neck on live television as Arkham explodes . Batman retreats to the Batcave with Catwoman while the Joker 's murder tarnishes the Justice League 's reputation .
Metamorpho is brainwashed into killing the Thinker and Perry White and dies while trying to tell Martian Manhunter what happened . Green Lantern encounters the orbiting corpse of Adam Strange and discovers a force field around Earth that prevents anything from leaving the planet . The Flash saves Ra 's al Ghul and the League of Assassins from an attack by Amazo while seeking the mastermind behind all of these events .
Wonder Woman is framed for the destruction of the White House . Riots erupt soon afterwards and Luthor takes control of the United States , using flying masked robots called the Liberators to enforce the law . The members of the Justice League are captured by the Liberators ( who are shown to be Bizarro-like clones of Kal-El ) until Batman , the Flash and the Atom are left .
Lois Lane , a journalist investigating the anti-metahuman propaganda campaign , suspects a conspiracy . At a metahuman research facility , Lois meets Dr. Lana Lang , who sends them to Smallville where the Kents help shelter escaped metahumans . Returning to Metropolis and discovering Luthor in an unresponsive fugue state , Lois confronts Jimmy , who reveals that LexCorp discovered Kal-El 's empty spaceship and found traces of their DNA within it . Luthor used the alien DNA to create Bizarro clones and turn Jimmy into a Kryptonian-human hybrid . Metahumans have been imprisoned and harvested for their DNA in order to convert humans into Kryptonians and create a Kryptonian society ruled by Jimmy .
Batman , Batwoman ( formerly Catwoman ) , the Atom , and the Flash free the captive Justice League members and destroy the Liberators , only to be confronted by a super-powered Jimmy . Jimmy defeats the League due to their inexperience with Kryptonian powers as the fight spreads to an Amish community . As Jimmy is about to kill Batman , they are stopped by a farmer who tries to reason with him ; Jimmy unsuccessfully tries to incinerate the farmer with their heat vision .
The farmer is revealed to be Kal-El , who was found as a baby by an Amish couple and raised as their son . Jimmy attempts to persuade Kal to join them while their adoptive parents try to persuade them from getting involved in worldly affairs , but Kal refuses both of them , unable to ignore their conscience . Jimmy then kills Kal 's adoptive parents in front of them with their heat vision and engages Kal in a fight . Despite the two of them being evenly matched , the stress of the fight causes Jimmy 's DNA graft to fail and their body to disintegrate . With Jimmy and the Liberators defeated , the Justice League ( without Batman , who resigns from the League after they are acquitted of the Joker 's murder ) regains public confidence with the help of its newest member : Superman .
Another Nail
A year earlier , Apokolips goes to war with New Genesis , and the Green Lantern Corps is dispatched to stem the loss of life . One Green Lantern is killed , and their power ring selects Big Barda as its new host . Barda and Mister Miracle manage to reverse the effects of a device designed to vaporize all matter within millions of light years , causing Darkseid to disintegrate into nothingness and be scattered across the universe instead . Hal Jordan ( Green Lantern ) reveals to the Justice League that the Central Power Battery on Oa is weakening . Oliver Queen ( Green Arrow ) is dying from injuries caused by Amazo in the same fight that claimed Hawkman 's life .
Kal-El is adjusting to their new life as Superman , devoting themselves full-time to heroics with little rest . During a mission in Peru with the Martian Manhunter , Superman 's strength begins to fade as they try to save a village from an attack by Despero and Evil Star . Kal takes a sabbatical and bonds with Jonathan and Martha Kent , as well as Lois Lane , as they create a new secret identity for him .
The members of the Justice League investigate various disturbances in spacetime . Batman , who continues to fight crime separately from the League along with Batwoman ( formerly Catwoman ) , encounters Deadman , who reveals that demons are escaping Hell and invading Earth . Batman is then attacked by a demonically-powered Joker .
Using the resources of New Genesis and the Green Lantern Corps , Barda and Mr . Miracle discover that the disturbances are coming from an entity known as the Limbo Cell , an organism that feeds on all matter and energy . Superman attempts to fly a bomb into the cell 's nucleus , but is left helpless when the cell absorbs their energy . As they are about to die , Kal is rescued and revitalized by Amazo , now equipped with Oliver Queen 's brain . Queen sacrifices their lives to detonate the bomb in the cell 's nucleus . With the Limbo Cell destroyed , reality heals and the disturbances in space and time are repaired .
Batman descends into Hell and drags the Joker with him . As they fall into the abyss , the Joker is swept away by an unseen force while Batman is rescued by the spirits of Robin and Batgirl . Batman is able to put the past behind them and rejoins the Justice League .
Collected editions
The three issues of JLA : The Nail were collected into a trade paperback in 1998 by DC Comics and 1999 by Titan Books . The three issues of JLA : Another Nail were collected into a trade paperback in 2005 by DC Comics and Titan Books .
In October 2017 , DC Comics released JLA : The Nail/Another Nail : Deluxe Edition , which reprinted both miniseries in one book .
Awards
In 1999 , JLA : The Nail was nominated for an Eisner Award for Best Limited Series .
See also
Bullet Points ( comics )
Butterfly effect
Camel 's nose
References
External links
Annotations for The Nail # 1 , # 2 and # 3 by Jess Nevins
Comics about multiple time paths
DC Comics limited series
Elseworlds titles
Justice League titles
Superhero comics
Kanae ( written : , , , or ) is a Japanese given name generally given to girls . Notable people with the name include :
, Japanese ice hockey player
, Japanese tennis player
Kanae Ikehata ( born 1982 ) , Japanese fencer
, Japanese voice actor and singer
, Japanese serial killer
, Japanese voice actor
, Japanese singer and voice actor
Kanae Yagi , Japanese weightlifter
, Japanese politician
, Japanese idol , singer and actor
Fictional characters
, character in the manga series Elfen Lied
, character in the manga series Skip Beat !
, character in the animated film 5 Centimeters Per Second
Kanae , character in the game Akatsuki Blitzkampf
Kanae Aira , character in the book and anime Juni Taisen : Zodiac War
Kanae , a character from the PlayStation 2 horror video game Forbidden Siren 2
, character in the manga and anime Kimetsu no Yaiba
Japanese feminine given names
Lehtimaja is a 1946 poetry collection by Finnish poet and translator Aale Tynni .
Extract
1946 poems
Finnish literature
Cindy Ziemke is a member of the Indiana House of Representatives , representing the 55th District . They are a Republican who was first elected to the House in 2012 .
Committee assignments
Family , Children and Human Affairs ( Vice Chair )
Commerce , Small Business and Economic Development
Select Committee on Government Reduction
References
External links
Cindy Meyer Ziemke at ballotpedia.org
Cindy Ziemke at votesmart.org
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana Republicans
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Women state legislators in Indiana
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Grjúpán ( ) is an Icelandic dish that was eaten in earlier centuries in Iceland . It consisted of the lungs of a sheep which was smoked with added salt and water .
The word `` Grjúpán '' has also long been used as a synonym of another kind of mutton sausage , bjúga , in Iceland .
See also
List of lamb dishes
List of smoked foods
References
Gísladóttir , Hallgerður ( 1999 ) , Íslensk matarhefð , Reykjavík
Icelandic cuisine
Offal
Lamb dishes
Smoked meat
The Commandry of Nemerow ( German : Komturei Nemerow or Komturei Gardow ) was a commandry of the Knights Hospitaller in the village of Klein Nemerow in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern . It existed from 1285 until 1648 . It was originally centred on Gardow , a now-ruined village near Wokuhl-Dabelow .
References
External links
Landesbibliographie-mv.de
Nemerow
Nemerow
Nemerow
The Nigerian National Museum is a national museum of Nigeria , located in the city of Lagos . The museum has a notable collection of Nigerian art , including pieces of statuary , carvings also archaeological and ethnographic exhibits . Of note is a terracotta human head known as the Jemaa Head ( c. 900 to 200 BC ) , part of the Nok culture . The piece is named after Jema ' a , the village where it was discovered . The Museum is located at Onikan , Lagos Island , Lagos State . The museum is administered by the National Commission for Museums and Monuments .
History
In July 1948 , the first architectural sketches of the museum were submitted to a conference on museum policy in Nigeria . The museum was founded in 1957 by the English archaeologist Kenneth Murray . The main purpose of constructing this museum was to preserve different historical artifacts of Nigeria . Kenneth Murray had collected several traditional masks from Cross River State , these masks were displayed in the museum . During the first decade of the museum 's existence , the British Museum gave the Nigerian National Museum two plaques and other artifacts . In 2018 , a virtual tour of the museum was added using an adapted version of Google Street View along with other tourist sites in Nigeria .
Collections
The museum houses the collections of artifacts belonging to different cultures of the ethnic groups in Nigeria . The size of the collection is estimated at 47,000 objects , made of different materials such as wood , ivory , metal and terracotta . The artifacts include masks , textiles , drums , dane guns and wooden figures . Among the artifacts , in the Yoruba section , the museum includes Egungun costumes and clay pots . The museum has a collection of statues dating from different periods of Nigeria 's history .
The museum also houses traditional musical instruments such as sansas , fiddles and flutes . The museum also contains divination bowls and ancestral figures made of wood , including Mumuye figures , which are used by communities in Adamawa State as well as Ikengas wooden figures , which are part of the Igbo culture . Additionally , the museum also contains a collection of masks including Ekpo masks from Calabar and Gẹlẹdẹ wooden masks .
The museum contains jewelry and crafts , as well as a collection of textiles including Akwete cloth and other textiles from the Okene , Bida and Western States areas of Nigeria .
The museum has displayed works of art by Nigerian artists such as Nike Davies-Okundaye , Abiodun Olaku , Djakow Kassi , Bruce Onobrakpeya , Bolaji Ogunwo , Yusuf Durodola , Chinze Ojobo , Nosa Iyobhabha , Duke Asidere , Ben Enwonwu , Nathaniel Hodonu , Northcote W. Thomas , Kelani Abass and Elizabeth Ekpetorson . In 2012 , the museum presented an exhibition featuring artwork by artist Ndidi Dike . In November 2019 , the museum organized an exhibition with art pieces by German-Nigerian artist Ngozi Schommers . The museum contains ancient crowns , Royal regalias , artifacts belonging to the Kingdom of Benin , cultural objects belonging to the Ibibio people , Igbo-Ukwu bronze artifacts , stone monoliths of the Oron culture and terracottas belonging to the Nok culture . The museum also contains photographs of the different presidents of the states of Nigeria . In the textile section , there is a collection of batik fabrics . The museum also has Ere figurines. , photographs on the colonization of Nigeria and exhibits related to the culture of Ifẹ , an ancient Yoruba city .
The museum contains a variety of sculptures . Among these are the grave sculptures of the Dakakari people who inhabit Sokoto State . These types of sculptures are used in graves to commemorate the death of an important person such as a warrior , social leader or a chief . The museum also contains a sculpture of a Sukur woman in traditional dress from Adamawa State . At the entrance of the museum , also with a sculpture of a deity called Chukwu , of Igbo spirituality . The museum also houses stone sculptures of the Ekoi people . The museum also has sculptures of animals that are used in different cultures of the ethnic groups of Nigeria .
Gallery
See also
Bookshop House
References
External links
Museums in Lagos
National museums
Tourist attractions in Lagos
Landmarks in Lagos
Cultural venues in Lagos
1957 establishments in Nigeria
Museums established in 1957
Bakhtiar Koti ( , also Romanized as Bakhtīār Kotī ) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 204 , in 44 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
A receptor activated solely by a synthetic ligand ( RASSL ) or designer receptor exclusively activated by designer drugs ( DREADD ) , is a class of artificially engineered protein receptors used in the field of chemogenetics which are selectively activated by certain ligands . They are used in biomedical research , in particular in neuroscience to manipulate the activity of neurons .
Originally differentiated by the approach used to engineer them , RASSLs and DREADDs are often used interchangeably now to represent an engineered receptor-ligand system . These systems typically utilize G protein-coupled receptors ( GPCR ) engineered to respond exclusively to synthetic ligands , like clozapine N-oxide ( CNO ) , and not to endogenous ligands . Several types of these receptors exists , derived from muscarinic or κ-opioid receptors .
Types of RASSLs / DREADDs
One of the first DREADDs was based on the human M3 muscarinic receptor ( hM3 ) . Only two point mutations of hM3 were required to achieve a mutant receptor with nanomolar potency for CNO , insensitivity to acetylcholine and low constitutive activity and this DREADD receptor was named hM3Dq . M1 and M5 muscarinic receptors have been mutated to create DREADDs hM1Dq and hM5Dq respectively .
The most commonly used inhibitory DREADD is hM4Di , derived from the M4 muscarinic receptor that couples with the Gi protein . Another Gi coupled human muscarinic receptor , M2 , was also mutated to obtain the DREADD receptor hM2D . Another inhibitory Gi-DREADD is the kappa-opioid-receptor ( KOR ) DREADD ( KORD ) which is selectively activated by salvinorin B ( SalB ) .
Gs-coupled DREADDs have also been developed . These receptors are also known as GsD and are chimeric receptors containing intracellular regions of the turkey erythrocyte β-adrenergic receptor substituted into the rat M3 DREADD .
RASSL / DREADD ligands
A growing number of ligands that can be used to activate RASSLs / DREADDs are commercially available .
CNO is the prototypical DREADD activator . CNO activates the excitatory Gq- coupled DREADDs : hM3Dq , hM1Dq and hM5Dq and also the inhibitory hM4Di and hM2Di Gi-coupled DREADDs . CNO also activates the Gs-coupled DREADD ( GsD ) and the β-arrestin preferring DREADD : rM3Darr ( Rq ( R165L ) .
Recent findings suggest that systemically administered CNO does not readily cross the blood-brain-barrier in vivo and converts to clozapine which itself activates DREADDs . Clozapine is an atypical antipsychotic which has been indicated to show high DREADD affinity and potency . Subthreshold injections of clozapine itself can be utilised to induce preferential DREADD-mediated behaviors . Therefore , when using CNO , care must be taken in experimental design and proper controls should be incorporated .
DREADD agonist 21 , also known as Compound 21 , represents an alternative agonist for muscarinic-based DREADDs and an alternative to CNO . It has been reported that Compound 21 has excellent bioavailability , pharmacokinetic properties and brain penetrability and does not undergo reverse metabolism to clozapine . Another known agonist is perlapine , a hypnotic drug approved for treating insomnia in Japan . It acts as an activator of Gq- , Gi- , and Gs DREADDs that has structural similarity to CNO . A more recent agonist of hM3Dq and hM4Di is deschloroclozapine ( DCZ ) .
On the other hand , SalB B is a potent and selective activator of KORD .
JHU37160 and JHU37152 have been marketed commercially as novel DREADD ligands , active in vivo , with high potency and affinity for hM3Dq and hM4Di DREADDs .
Diihydrochloride salts of DREADDs ligands that are water-soluble ( but with differing stabilities in solution ) have also been commercially developed ( see for aqueous stability ) .
Mechanism
RASSLs and DREADDs are families of designer G-protein-coupled receptors ( GPCRs ) built specifically to allow for precise spatiotemporal control of GPCR signaling in vivo . These engineered GPCRs , called RASSLs ( receptors activated solely by synthetic ligands ) , are unresponsive to endogenous ligands but can be activated by nanomolar concentrations of pharmacologically inert , drug-like small molecules . Currently , RASSLs exist for the interrogation of several GPCR signaling pathways , including those activated by Gs , Gi , Gq , Golf and β-arrestin . A major cause for success of RASSL resources has been open exchange of DNA constructs , and RASSL related resources .
The hM4Di-DREADD 's inhibitory effects are a result of the CNO 's stimulation and resulting activation of the G-protein inwardly rectifying potassium ( GIRK ) channels . This causes hyperpolarization of the targeted neuronal cell and thus attenuates subsequent activity .
Uses
This chemogenetic technique can be used for remote manipulation of cells , in particular excitable cells like neurons , both in vitro and in vivo with the administration of specific ligands . Similar techniques in this field include thermogenetics and optogenetics , the control of neurons with temperature or light , respectively .
Viral expression of DREADD proteins , both in-vivo enhancers and inhibitors of neuronal function , have been used to bidirectionally control behaviors in mice ( e.g odor discrimination ) . Due to their ability to modulate neuronal activity , DREADDs are used as a tool to evaluate both the neuronal pathways and behaviors associated with drug-cues and drug addiction .
History
Strader and colleagues designed the first GPCR which could be activated only by a synthetic compound and has gradually been gaining momentum . The first international RASSL meeting was scheduled for April 6 , 2006 . A simple example of the use of a RASSL system in behavioral genetics was illustrated by Mueller et al . ( 2005 ) where they showed that expressing a RASSL receptor in sweet taste cells of the mouse tongue led to a strong preference for oral consumption of the synthetic ligand , whereas expressing the RASSL in bitter taste cells caused dramatic taste aversion for the same compound .
The attenuating effects of the hM4Di-DREADD were originally explored in 2007 , before being confirmed in 2014 .
References
Further reading
Signal transduction
Islamic Publishing House is a leading publisher of Islamic literature in the state of Kerala , India . It was founded in 1945 as the official publication division of Jama'at-e-Islami Hind , Kerala chapter . Its headquarters is in Kozhikode , Kerala .
History
IPH began publishing in 1945 at a small mosque at Irimbiliyam , near Valanchery , Malappuram District.V . P. Muhammad Ali Haji ( a.k.a . Haji Sahib ) lead the initiative in its early stages . The office was later shifted from Irimbiliyam to Valanchery and then to Edayoor and finally to Vellimadukunnu . Abul Jalal Moulavi , T. K. Ibrahim and T. Muhammed Sahib headed IPH at various times . Sheikh Muhammed Karakunnu has been the Director of IPH since 1982 till 2008 . The current director is VK Ali .
A translation of Abul A'la Mawdudi 's Towards Understanding Islam ( Urdu : Risal-e-Diniyat ) by V. P. Muhammad Ali Haji ( a.k.a . Haji Sahib ) , titled 'Islam Matham ' was the first book to be published by IPH . It also marked a significant shift of Islamic publications in Kerala from the hybrid Arabi-Malayalam script to the Malayalam script . It has since sold 67000 copies .
Growth and development
IPH is the biggest publisher of Islamic literature in the whole of South India . Apart from Calicut , it has branches at Thiruvananthapuram , Ernakulam , Thrissur , Kannur , Malappuram and agencies at more than 20 places in Kerala and the Middle East . It has published almost 500 books so far and many of them have sold more than 50,000 copies . Namaskaram ( Prayer ) written by Abul Jalal Moulavi alone sold 1,34,000 copies . All IPH publications follow the International Standard Book Number ( ISBN ) standard of book identification and are numbered with ISBN starting with 817204 . Many of its publications have been published as e-books and are available for download at the Jamaat-e-Islami Hind , Kerala website . Lalithasaradsm , a Malayalam translation of the Qur'an , has also been published online .
In September 2008 , IPH released the first electronic edition ( DVD ) in Malayalam of Tafheemul Qur'an , the commentary of Quran by Abul Ala Maududi .
IPH has been a regular presence at international book fairs like the Sharjah Book Fair and the International Book Fair in Riyadh .
Major works
Important books published by IPH include :
Amritha Vani ( Nectarine Voice ) - K. G. Raghavan Nair
Bharatiya Samskarathinte Adiyozhukkukal ( Undercurrents of the Indian Civilization ) - T. Muhammed
Prabodhanam Qur'anil ( The Qur'anic Model of Propagation ) - K.C . Abdullah Moulavi
Ibadath : Oru Samagra Padanam ( Ibadah : A Comprehensive Study ) - K.C . Abdullah Moulavi
Vyvahika Jeevitham Islamika Veekshanathil ( Conjugal Life in the Islamic Perspective ) - Sheikh Muhammed Karakunnu
Qur'ante Munnil Vinayanwitham ( Before the Qur'an , in Humility ) - Vanidas Elayavoor
Daivam , Matham , Vedam : Sneha Samvadam ( God , Religion , Scripture : A Dialogue of Love ) - Sheikh Muhammed Karakunnu
The Islamic Encyclopedia ( Malayalam ) - Various Authors
Malabar Samaram : M. P. Narayana Menonum Sahapravarthakarum ( Malabar Struggle : M. P. Narayana Menon and Comrades ) - Prof. M. P. S. Menon
Rashtra Sankalpam Islamil ( The Concept of State in Islam )
Shariatum Indian Muslimkalum ( Shariah and Indian Muslims ) - V. A. Kabir
Zakath : Tathvavum Prayogavum ( Zakath : Theory and Practice ) - K. Abdulla Hasan
Qur'an Lalita Saram ( A Lucid Gist of Qur'an ) - Sheikh Muhammed Karakunnu & Vanidas Elayavoor
Translations
Tafhimul Qur'an - Abul Ala Maududi
Qur'an Bhashyam ( Tarjumanul Quran- An Interpretation on Qur'an ) - Abul Ala Maududi
Fiqh-Us-Sunnah - Syed Sabiq Fiqh-Us-Sunnah
Islam : Prabodhanavum Pracharavum - Thomas Walker Arnold
Muhammad : Mahanaya Pravachakan ( Muhammad : The Great Prophet ) - Prof. K.S . Ramakrishna Rao
Islamika Samooham : Charitra Sangraham ( Urdu : Millate Islamia Ki Mukhtsar Tareekh Eng : A Concise History of Islamic Society ) - Sarvat Soulath
Khilafathum Rajavaychayum ( Urdu : Khilafath our Mulukiyaath-Caliphate and Kingship ) - Abul Ala Maududi
Islam Matham Towards Understanding Islam ( Urdu : Risal-e-Diniyat ) - Abul Ala Maududi
Islam : Rajamargam ( Eng : Islam between East and West ) - Alija Izetbegović
Islamile Samuhya Neeti ( Social Justice in Islam ) - Sayyid Qutub
Khutubat : Fundamentals of Islam - Abul Ala Maududi
Qur'anile Janthukathakal ( Arabic : Qasasul Hayavani fil Quran , Eng : Animal Stories in Qur'an ) - Ahmad Bahjat
Makkayilekkulla Patha ( Eng : The Road to Mecca ) - Muhammad Asad
Malkam Exinte Athmakatha ( Eng : The Auto Biography of Malcolm X ) - Alex O ' Haley
Murad Hoffmante Diary Kurippukal ( Eng : A Diary of a German Muslim - The Diary Notes of Murad Hoffmann ) - Murad Hoffmann .
See also
Jamaat-e-Islami Hind
Prabodhanam
Sheikh Muhammad Karakunnu
T.K . Ubaid
References
External links
IPH Official website
Online Malayalam translation of Qur'an published by IPH
Online Book Catalogue
Companies based in Kozhikode
Book publishing companies of India
Indian companies established in 1945
Publishing companies established in 1945
Platter ( foaled 1941 in Kentucky ) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse . They are best known for their performances as a two-year-old in 1943 , when they were the best American colt of their generation .
Background
They were bred and raced by George D. Widener , Jr. , and conditioned for racing by future U.S . Racing Hall of Fame trainer Bert Mulholland ,
Racing career
In 1943 they won the Pimlico Futurity and the Walden Stakes under jockey Conn McCreary and was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt by Daily Racing Form . The rival Turf & Sports Digest Magazine poll was topped by Occupy .
As a three-year-old , an injury kept Platter out of racing until early May in an allowance race test . The colt did not run in the 1944 Kentucky Derby but finished second to Pensive in the second leg of the U.S . Triple Crown series , the Preakness Stakes . They were injured in the Belmont Stakes and had to be pulled up .
Stud career
Retired to stud duty , Platter met with limited success . Of their limited number of offspring , Platan met with the most success in racing , notably winning the 1953 Lawrence Realization Stakes and 1955 Arlington Handicap .
References
1941 racehorse births
Thoroughbred family 11-g
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
American Champion racehorses
Chen Fujin ( ; born May 1941 ) is a Chinese politician who served as party secretary of the Chinese Academy of Governance from 1999 to 2006 . They were a member of the 15th CCP Central Commission for Discipline Inspection , a member of the Standing Committee of the 11th Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , and a member of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party .
Early life and education
Chen was born in Shiping County , Yunnan , in May 1941 . In 1960 , they were admitted to Peking University , majoring in philosophy . They joined the Chinese Communist Party ( CCP ) in July 1965 . Two months later , they were assigned to the Political Department of the Ministry of Culture as an official . They worked at May Seventh Cadre School in Xianning , Hubei between 1969 and 1971 . In March 1971 , they were recalled to Beijing and was despatched to Beijing Chemical Research Institute , an institute affiliated to China Petrochemical Corporation .
Ministry of Coal Industry
Beginning in May 1975 , they served in several posts in the , including secretary of the minister , deputy director of the General Office , and vice president of the Information Institute . They were editor-in-chief of China Coal News in December 1982 , and held that office until March 1986 .
General Office of the Chinese Communist Party
In March 1986 , they were despatched to the General Office of the Chinese Communist Party , where they were eventually promoted to deputy director in May 1993 .
Chinese Academy of Governance
They were appointed party secretary of the Chinese Academy of Governance in December 1999 , concurrently holding the executive vice president position .
Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference
In March 2008 , they became chairperson of the Culture , History and Study Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , a post they kept until their retirement in March 2013 .
References
1941 births
Living people
People from Shiping County
Peking University alumni
Central Party School of the Chinese Communist Party alumni
People 's Republic of China politicians from Yunnan
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Yunnan
Members of the 16th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party
Members of the Standing Committee of the 11th Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference
Huy was a constituency used to elect a single member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1900 .
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives ( Belgium )
Parakev Arsenov ( ) is a Bulgarian wheelchair curler .
Teams
References
External links
Living people
Bulgarian male curlers
Bulgarian wheelchair curlers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Alki ( ælkaɪ ) is a Chinook word meaning by and by , the unofficial state motto of Washington .
It may also refer to :
Alki Point , Seattle , a geographic feature
Alki Point Light , a lighthouse an Alki Point
Alki Beach Park , a park at Alki Point
Alki Larnaca FC , a Cypriot football team that played from 1948 to 2014
Alki Oroklini , a Cypriot football club based in Larnaca
Alki David ( born c. 1967–1968 ) , a Greek business person
Alki Zei ( born 1925 ) , a Greek novelist
Alki ( boat ) , a fireboat in Seattle
Dildar Ahmad s/o Ghulam Qadir is a Pakistani heavyweight boxer . They were born in a village of Faisalabad named Chak No . 571 G.B . They are now living in Rehman Town in Faisalabad . Their height is 6 ft 8 inches . They have won 9 gold medals in international competitions . They have also won 2 gold medals in SAF games . Their boxing career spanned from 1987 to 1993 .
They retired from Pak Army in 1997 . In 2010 Ahmed received a financial grant from the Pakistan Sports Board .
References
Living people
Asian Games bronze medalists for Pakistan
Asian Games medalists in boxing
Boxers at the 1990 Asian Games
Pakistani male boxers
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Heavyweight boxers
Marc A . Van Audenrode , Ph.D. , ( born March 10 , 1961 ) , is a Managing Principal at Analysis Group , the largest privately held economic consulting firm in the United States , and an adjunct professor at Université de Sherbrooke .
Dr. Van Audenrode is an expert on labor economics and specializes in antitrust law , econometrics , and public economics . Their research has been published in numerous peer-reviewed academic journals . They have also written articles for trade journals and is a frequent presenter at industry and academic conferences . Dr. Van Audenrode is a co-author of The Mutual Fund Industry : Competition and Investor Welfare ( Columbia Business School Publishing , 2010 ) .
Career
Dr. Van Audenrode is an economic consultant and researcher , and has held teaching and department positions at Université du Québec à Montréal ( UQAM ) and Université Laval . They joined Analysis Group in 2003 , as a vice president in the Canadian office . They are now a managing principal .
Education
During their undergraduate years , Dr. Van Audenrode pursued two bachelor 's degrees , in economics and law , at Université catholique de Louvain , in Belgium . They then obtained a master 's degree in economics from the same university , before continuing their education in the United States . They obtained a master 's degree in economics from the University of California , Los Angeles , and a Ph.D. in economics from the University of California , Berkeley under the direction of Nobel prize winner George Akerlof .
Published works
`` The Mutual Fund Industry : Competition and Investor Welfare '' with R. Glenn Hubbard , Michael Koehn , Stanley Ornstein , and Jimmy Royer ; Columbia Business School Publishing , April 2010 .
`` The Impact of Drug Vintage on Patient Survival : A Patient Level Analysis Using Quebec 's Provincial Health Plan Data '' with Frank Lichtenberg , Paul Grootendorst , Patrick Lefebvre , and Dominic Latremouille-Viau ; Value in Health , Vol . 12 , Issue 6 , pp . 847–856 , September 2009 .
`` Les besoins ( quasi ) illimités des familles `` in Le Québec , un paradis pour les Familles ? Luc Godbout et Suzie St-Cerny , eds . Presses de l'université Laval . 2008 .
`` The Relative Dosing of Epoetin Alfa and Darbepoetin Alfa in Chronic Kidney Disease '' with Pierre-Yves Cremieux and Patrick Lefebvre ; Current Medical Research and Opinion , Vol . 22 , pp . 2329–2336 , 2006 .
`` Border Regulations and Migratory Flows '' in Social and Labour Market Aspects of North American Linkages , Richard G. Harris et Thomas Lemieux , eds. , University of Calgary Press , 2005 .
`` Where Does the Canadian Debt Come From ? A Comment '' in `` Is the Debt War Over ? '' Chris Ragan and Bill Watson , eds . IRPP , 2004 .
`` Sous-traitance , emploi et salaires . '' with Pierre Fortin . Revue Gestion . Vol . 29 , No 2 , pp . 33–38 , 2004 .
`` Double blind , Placebo-Controlled , Randomized Phase II Trial of Darbepoetin Alfa in Lung Cancer Patients Receiving Chemotherapy : A Comment '' Journal of the National Cancer Institute , Vol . 95 , pp . 761–762 , 2003 .
`` Les perspectives à moyen terme du marché du travail au Québec , '' L'Actualité économique , Vol . 78 , No . 4 , 2002 .
`` Worker Displacement in Belgium and Denmark '' with Karsten Albæk and Martin Browning in Worker Displacement in an International Context , Peter Kuhn , ed . W.E . Upjohn Institute for Employment Research , 2002 .
`` Trade and the economics of Winners and Losers , '' Acts of the 1998 Seminar on Incomes and Productivity in North America . Commission for Labor Cooperation , Dallas , Texas . 1999
`` Introduction à la micro-économie moderne '' with Michael Parkin and Robin Bade . Éditions du Renouveau Pédagogique . 1999
`` Compensations Policies and Firm Productivity '' with Jonathan Leonard and Benoit Mulkay in The Creation and Analysis of Matched Employer-Employee Data , J. Haltiwanger et Al. , eds. , North-Holland . 1999 .
`` Exploring the Links Between Wage Inequality and Unemployment : A Comparison of Canada and the U.S. '' with Paul Storer . Canadian Public Policy , Vol XXIV , pp . 233–253 , February 1998 .
`` Job Security Provisions : Everybody 's favorite scapegoat '' World Economic Affairs , Spring 1997 .
`` Optimal Contract , Imperfect Output Observation and Limited Liability '' with Jacques Lawarrée . The Journal of Economic Theory , Vol . 71 , pp . 514–531 . 1996 .
`` Rent Sharing in the Airline Industry : Evidence from Mergers and Acquisitions '' with Pierre-Yves Crémieux . Labour , Vol . 10 , No . 2 , pp . 297–318 . 1996
`` Is the US/Canada Unemployment Gap Truly Large ? A Labor Flow Analysis '' with Pierre-Yves Cremieux in Flow Analysis of Labor Markets , Ronald Schettkat , ed . Rutledge .
`` Worker 's Limited Liability , Turnover , and Employment Contracts '' with Jonathan Leonard . Annales d'Economie et de Statistique , Vol . 41-42 , 1996 , pp . 41–77 .
`` Some Myths about Monetary Policy '' in Unnecessary Debts . Lars Osberg and Pierre Fortin , eds . Lorimer , 1996 ; reprinted in `` Hard Money , Hard Times '' , Lars Osberg and Pierre Fortin , eds . Lorimer , 1998 .
`` Unemployment Insurance Take-up Rates in Canada : Facts , Determinants and Implications '' with Paul Storer . Canadian Journal of Economics , Vol . XXVIII , No . 4a , November 1995 , pp . 822–835 .
`` Job Displacement , Wages and Unemployment Duration in Canada '' with Mario Houle . Labour Economics , Vol . 2 , No . 1 , March 1995 , pp . 77–92 .
`` Perspectives de réinsertion professionnelle des travailleurs déplacés peu éduqués '' with Paul Storer . In `` Intégration à l'emploi des personnes défavorisées . '' Les Publications du Québec , 1995 , pp . 205–220 .
`` Short Hours Compensation , Job Security and Employment Contracts : Evidence from Selected OECD Countries . '' Journal of Political Economy , Vol . 102 , No . 1 , February 1994 , pp . 76–102 .
`` Politiques industrielles et dynamique du marché du travail en Belgique '' with Jonathan Leonard . Reflets et Perspectives de la Vie Economique . Vol . XXXIII , February 1994 , pp . 73–86
`` Corporatism Run Amok : Job Stability and Industrial Policy in Belgium and the United States '' with Jonathan Leonard . Economic Policy , Vol . 17 , October 1993 , pp . 355–400 . Reprinted in `` Industrial Policy and Competitive Advantage , '' David B. Audretsch , ed. , London : Edward Elgar . ( 1997 )
`` Création et destruction d'emplois et chômage : Le cas belge '' with Benoît Mulkay . Economie et Prévisions , Vol . 108 , No . 2 , April 1993 , pp . 19–30 .
`` Cost Observation , Auditing , and Limited Liability '' with Jacques Lawarrée . Economics Letters , Vol . 39 , August 1992 , pp . 419–423 .
`` Marché du travail et chômage : Diagnostic socio-économique du cas belge '' Reflets et Perspectives de la Vie Economique , Vol . 35 , No . 6 , 1987 .
`` Use of Economic Surveys in Forecasting '' with M.A . Benito-Alonso et Benoit Hallet . Proceedings of International Conference on System Science and Engineering , Cheng Weimin , ed . International Academic Publishers , 1988 .
`` Arbitration Models for Solving Multi Objective Optimization '' with M.A . Benito-Alonso and F. Condis . Lecture Notes in Mathematical Economics , Vol . 285 , 1987 .
References
External links
Analysis Group
Université de Sherbrooke
UQAM
Université Laval
Université Catholique de Louvain-la-Neuve
University of California , Los Angeles
University of California , Berkeley
Verviers , Belgium
Université de Sherbrooke faculty
Canadian economists
Living people
1961 births
Université Laval faculty
Judy Baauw ( born 12 February 1994 ) is a Dutch BMX rider . Them best achievement to date was a bronze medal at the 2018 UCI BMX World Championships .
Baauw achieved their first podium place in the World Cup circuit in Papendal in April 2017 . A year later in 2018 they had their most successful season to date . They were third in the World Cup final standings and third in the World Championship , behind the Dutch sisters Laura Smulders and Merel Smulders . On 11 May 2019 , Baauw recorded their first World Cup victory during the tournament at Papendal .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
BMX riders
Dutch female cyclists
Cyclists from Gelderland
Cyclists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of the Netherlands
Mike Terrana ( born January 21 , 1960 ) is an American hard rock and heavy metal drummer . Their first professional work was in 1984 with the MCA band Hanover Fist from Toronto , Canada , after which they recorded and toured with other bands , playing many styles of music in western New York state . Between 1987 and 1997 , they were based in Los Angeles and worked with various virtuoso guitarists , including Yngwie Malmsteen , Tony Macalpine , and Steve Lukather , and bands like Kuni and Beau Nasty .
In 1997 , Terrana moved to Europe , first in the Netherlands for six months and then Germany . They worked with German bands and artists such as Rage , Gamma Ray , Savage Circus , Axel Rudi Pell , Roland Grapow , and Masterplan . In 2016 , Terrana joined Italian heavy metal band Vision Divine . In 2017 , they also joined Spanish band Avalanch and Czech band Kreyson .
In addition , Terrana has their own three-piece hard rock band , TERRANA , and a live musical project that combines classical and rock music with operatic vocals , titled Beauty of the Beat , which they launched while working on the project Beauty and the Beat with Finnish singer Tarja Turunen .
Discography
Solo
Shadows of the Past ( 1998 )
Man of the World ( 2005 )
Sinfonica ( 2011 )
Artension
Into the Eye of the Storm ( 1996 )
Phoenix Rising ( 1997 )
Sacred Pathways ( 2001 )
New Discovery ( 2002 )
Future World ( 2004 )
Axel Rudi Pell
The Ballads II ( 1999 )
The Wizard 's Chosen Few ( 2000 )
The Masquerade Ball ( 2000 )
Shadow Zone ( 2002 )
Knights Live ( 2002 )
Kings and Queens ( 2004 )
The Ballads III ( 2004 )
Mystica ( 2006 )
Diamonds Unlocked ( 2007 )
Tales of the Crown ( 2008 )
The Best of Axel Rudi Pell : Anniversary Edition ( 2009 )
The Crest ( 2010 )
The Ballads IV ( 2011 )
Circle of the Oath ( 2012 )
Avalanch
El Ángel Caído 2017 ( 2017 )
Hacia La Luz – Directo desde Madrid ( 2018 )
El secreto ( 2019 )
The Secret ( 2019 )
Beau Nasty
Dirty But Well Dressed ( 1989 )
Ferdy Doernberg
Storytellers Rain ( 2001 )
Till I Run Out of Road ( 2004 )
Downhell
A Relative Coexistence ( 2008 )
Driven
Self-Inflicted ( 2001 )
Emir Hot
Sevdah Metal ( 2008 )
Empire
Chasing Shadows ( 2007 )
Jean Fontanille
Unknown Parameter Value ( 2008 )
Roland Grapow
Kaleidoscope ( 1999 )
Haggard
Tales of Ithiria ( 2008 ) ( as narrator )
Hanover Fist
Hungry Eyes ( 1985 )
Tony Hernando
The Shades of Truth ( 2002 )
Ill ( 2005 )
TH III-Live ! CD/DVD ( 2006 )
Actual Events ( 2009 )
Kuni
Looking for Action ( 1988 )
Kiko Loureiro
No Gravity ( 2005 )
Fullblast ( 2009 )
Marco Iacobini
The Sky There 'll Always Be ( 2013 )
Tony MacAlpine
Freedom to Fly ( 1992 )
Evolution ( 1995 )
Violent Machine ( 1996 )
Live Insanity ( 1997 )
Yngwie Malmsteen
The Seventh Sign ( 1993 )
I Ca n't Wait ( 1994 )
Best Of ( 2000 )
Archive Box ( 2001 )
Masterplan
MK II ( 2007 )
Time to Be King ( 2010 )
Metalium
Millennium Metal – Chapter One ( 1999 )
Razorback
Deadringer ( 2007 )
Rage
Welcome to the Other Side ( 2001 )
Best of – All G.U.N . Years ( 2001 )
Unity ( 2002 )
Soundchaser ( 2003 )
From the Cradle to the Stage ( 2004 )
Speak of the Dead ( 2006 )
Full Moon in St. Petersburg ( 2007 )
Vision Divine
When All the Heroes Are Dead ( 2019 )
Savage Circus
Of Doom and Death ( 2009 )
Damir Simic
The Quest ( 1998 )
Live in Zagreb ( 2002 )
Demomstratus ( 2004 )
Stuart Smith
Heaven & Earth ( 1998 )
Squealer
Made for Eternity ( 2000 )
Under the Cross ( 2002 )
Taboo Voodoo
Somethin 's Cookin ( 2003 ) Tarja Turunen What Lies Beneath ( 2010 )
Act I : Live in Rosario ( 2012 )
Colours in the Dark ( 2013 )
Beauty and the Beat ( 2014 )
Luna Park Ride ( 2015 )
The Shadow Self ( 2016 ) The Dogma Black Roses ( 2006 ) Tracy G Deviating from the Set List ( 2003 ) John West Mind Journey ( 1997 ) Zillion Zillion ( 2004 ) Theodore Ziras Superhuman ( 2008 ) Kee Marcello Judas Kiss ( 2013 ) The Ferrymen ( 2017 )
A New Evil ( 2019 )
One More River to Cross ( 2022 ) Other releases Tribute to Accept ( Metalium track `` Burning '' ) ( 1999 )
Holy Dio – A Tribute to the Voice of Metal : Ronnie James Dio ( 1999 )
Videography Axel Rudi Pell ' Knight Treasures ( Live and More ) ( 2002 )
Live Over Europe DVD ( 2008 )
One Night Live DVD ( 2010 )
Live on Fire DVD ( 2012 ) Rage From the Cradle to the Stage Live DVD ( 2004 )
Full Moon in St. Petersburg Live DVD ( 2007 ) Tony Hernando THIII Live DVD ( 2006 ) Tony MacAlpine Starlicks Master Session VHS ( 1992 )
Live in L.A. DVD ( 1997 ) Yngwie Malmsteen Live at Budokan DVD ( 1994 ) Tarja Turunen Act I : Live in Rosario ( 2012 )
Beauty and the Beat ( 2014 ) Terrana solo DVDs ' Rhythm Beast Performance DVD ( 2007 )
Double Bass Mechanics DVD ( 1996 )
Beginning Rock Drums DVD '' ( 1995 )
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
American heavy metal drummers
Musicians from Buffalo , New York
American expatriates in Germany
20th-century American drummers
American male drummers
American people of Italian descent
Masterplan ( band ) members
Savage Circus members
Hardline ( band ) members
Metalium members
Vision Divine members
Rage ( German band ) members
Avalanch members
20th-century American male musicians
Yngwie J. Malmsteen 's Rising Force members
Nimoreni is a village in Ialoveni District , Moldova .
Notable people
Gurie Grosu
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
Phtheochroa vulneratana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Italy , Austria , Switzerland , Fennoscandia , Russia ( Alai , Sajan , Irkutsk , Amur , Kamchatka , Transbaikal ) , the Pamir Mountains and Mongolia . It is also found in North America ( from Alaska to British Columbia and south to Colorado ) and Japan ( Hokkaido , Honshu ) . The species is found in Arctic-alpine habitats .
The wingspan is 21–24 mm . Adults have been recorded on wing from June to August .
References
Moths described in 1839
Phtheochroa
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Johan Wilhelm Zetterstedt
João Emanuel Ferreira Souza ( born 17 August 1993 ) , commonly known as Birungueta , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Treze .
References
1993 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
FK Kukësi players
Esporte Clube Jacuipense players
Nacional Atlético Clube ( Patos ) players
Associação Olímpica de Itabaiana players
Kategoria Superiore players
Association football midfielders
The 18th Indian Division was an infantry division of the British Indian Army that saw active service in the First World War . It took part in the Mesopotamian campaign and formed part of the occupation force for Iraq post-war . The division was not reformed for the Second World War .
History
The 18th Indian Division was formed in Mesopotamia on 24 December 1917 , although the last of its brigades ( 55th ) was not formed until January 1918 . Many of the division 's units transferred directly from India so time was needed for them to become acclimatized . It remained in Mesopotamia for the rest of the First World War , taking part in the action at Fat-ha Gorge on the Little Zab ( 23–26 October 1918 ) and the Battle of Sharqat ( 28–30 October 1918 ) under the command of I Corps .
At the end of the war , the 18th Division was chosen to form part of the occupation force for Iraq . It took part in the Iraq Rebellion in 1920 and was broken up in the following year .
Order of battle
The division commanded the following units , although not all of them served at the same time :
53rd Indian Brigade
1/9th Battalion , Duke of Cambridge 's Own ( Middlesex Regiment )
1st Battalion , 89th Punjabis
1st Battalion , 3rd Queen Alexandra 's Own Gurkha Rifles
1st Battalion , 7th Gurkha Rifles
207th Machine Gun Company
53rd Light Trench Mortar Battery
54th Indian Brigade
1/5th Battalion , Queen 's Own ( Royal West Kent Regiment )
25th Punjabis
1st Battalion , 39th Garhwal Rifles
52nd Sikhs ( Frontier Force )
238th Machine Gun Company
54th Light Trench Mortar Battery
55th Indian Brigade
1/5th Battalion , East Surrey Regiment
1st Battalion , 10th Jats
87th Punjabis
1st Battalion , 94th Russell 's Infantry
116th Mahrattas
1st Battalion , 5th Gurkha Rifles ( Frontier Force )
239th Machine Gun Company
55th Light Trench Mortar Battery
Divisional Artillery
CCCXXXVI Brigade , Royal Field Artillery ( A , B , C and D ( H ) Batteries )
CCCXXXVII Brigade , Royal Field Artillery ( A , B , C and 341st ( H ) Batteries )
X.18 Medium Trench Mortar Battery
18th Divisional Ammunition Column
Engineers and Pioneers
2nd , 5th , 6th and 8th Field Companies , 1st King George 's Own Sappers and Miners
18th Division Signal Company , Royal Engineers Signal Service
106th Hazara Pioneers
1st Battalion , 32nd Sikh Pioneers
Divisional Troops
249th Machine Gun Company
18th Machine Gun Battalion
37th , 38th , 39th and 40th Combined Field Ambulances , RAMC
No . 12 Mobile Veterinary Section , AVC
18th Division Train , ASC
Commanders
The division was commanded from 7 January 1918 by Major-General H.D . Fanshawe and from 12 March 1919 by Major-General Theodore Fraser .
See also
List of Indian divisions in World War I
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
British Indian Army divisions
Indian World War I divisions
Military units and formations established in 1917
Military units and formations disestablished in 1921
Extremis is a 2016 American short documentary that follows Dr. Jessica Zitter , an ICU and palliative care specialist who leads a team in the Highland Hospital ICU in Oakland , California . They help families make end-of-life decisions for their loved ones , who are often terminally ill . It is directed and produced by Dan Krauss . It was shot at an intensive care unit at Highland Hospital in Oakland , California . The film was funded , in part , by physician and end of life advocate , Dr. Shoshana R. Ungerleider . There are five patients shown in the documentary ; however , it only focuses on three patients .
Plot
Dr. Jessica Zitter graduated from Harvard and is an attending physician at Highland Hospital on Oakland , California . Aside from working at the hospital , they have published many articles as well as their own book , `` Extreme Measures : Finding a Better Path to the End of Life '' . Them work is focused on end of life care and how to improve it . The documentary begins as Zitter attempts to communicate with a patient named Donna who has myotonic dystrophy . Because of their breathing tube and other equipment attached to them it is very difficult for Donna to communicate . At that moment , Zitter had to sympathize and try to make the patient as comfortable as possible while trying to figure out a way to help them communicate . As the doctors search for a specialist and other options , Donna 's condition deteriorates , and their family decides to take them off the breathing tube . One day later , Donna dies .
After Donna , the film introduces Selena , who stopped breathing on the way to the ER and suffered severe brain damage . Unlike Donna 's family , Selena 's daughter is not ready to let them go and clings on to hope . In this case the doctors attempt to reason with Selena 's daughter to let them know that Selena will not recover . When interviewed , Selena 's daughter said that turning off their mother 's life support would feel like murder . Selena was kept on life support and regained periods of consciousness , but died six months later .
The next patient shown is a homeless man who had been institutionalized for a long time and the doctors had not yet made a prognosis . This patient did not have any family or friends to make the medical decisions for them if anything happened , and when it comes to this the doctors have to question whether the patient seems stable enough to decide for himself . The film shows the doctors trying to communicate with the patient .
The other two patients are not named . One is a new grandmother , whose family decides to take them off all machines . The other patient is a man who can still communicate but needs to be attached to a life support machine . They express their desire not to be kept on the machine and accepts their fate , though their son does not agree with their decision .
Awards
2017 : Academy Awards Best Documentary Short Subject Nominated
2016 : Tribeca Film Festival - Best Documentary Short - Winner
References
External links
2016 films
2010s short documentary films
American short documentary films
Films directed by Dan Krauss
Netflix original documentary films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Meluawati ( later Meiluawati ; born May 25 , 1975 ) is an Indonesian born former world-class badminton player who represented Indonesia and later the United States .
Career
Meluawati was a member of Indonesia 's world champion 1996 Uber Cup ( women 's international ) team , winning their final round match against China 's future World and Olympic champion Zhang Ning . They were also a member of the 1998 Indonesian Uber Cup team which finished second to China . In individual competition they won women 's singles at the Polish Open in 1996 and was women 's singles runner-up to the formidable Susi Susanti at the 1997 Indonesia Open .
Playing for the United States in the early 2000s , Meluawati won consecutive U.S. National women 's singles titles in 2001 , 2002 , and 2003 ; and women 's doubles in 2001 and 2003 . They also won women 's singles at the Pan American Championships in 2001 .
Achievements
Pan Am Championships
Women 's singles
Southeast Asian Games
Women 's singles
World Junior Championships
The Bimantara World Junior Championships was an international invitation badminton tournament for junior players . It was held in Jakarta , Indonesia from 1987 to 1991 .
Girls ' singles
IBF World Grand Prix
The World Badminton Grand Prix was sanctioned by the International Badminton Federation from 1983 to 2006 .
Women 's singles
IBF International
Women 's singles
Women 's doubles
References
Indonesian female badminton players
American female badminton players
1975 births
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Asian Games medalists in badminton
Badminton players at the 1998 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games medalists in badminton
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for Indonesia
Southeast Asian Games silver medalists for Indonesia
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Competitors at the 1997 Southeast Asian Games
Sleeping Beauties is a 1999 short comedy film directed by Jamie Babbit . It premiered at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival . It stars Sarah Lassez as a morgue beautician trying to get over their ex-girlfriend , played by Radha Mitchell . Babbit made the film with help from David Fincher and Michael Douglas . It played at several film festivals during 1998 and 1999 , and was later distributed on a DVD collection of short films by production company POWER UP . Babbit won a Channel 4 award for the film .
Plot
A mother tells their daughter a real life fairy tale of a `` Princess Charming '' and their Sleeping Beauty . Heather ( Lassez ) is in love with their girlfriend Cindy ( Mitchell ) until one day Cindy `` wakes up '' and breaks up with Heather , saying they want a `` real prince '' .
Heather works as a makeup artist at Rolling Headstones Funeral Home in Los Angeles , `` making dead rock-stars look good '' for their next album covers . One day they are working on the body of musician Sno Blo ( Rose McGowan ) . Them co-worker Vince ( Vince Vieluf ) brings their new girlfriend to the funeral home . It is Cindy , who is moving back to Los Angeles and wants to be friends with Heather .
Before Sno Blo is buried , the members of their band have a photo shoot with them at their grave side . Heather does the makeup . The photographer 's assistant Clea ( Clea DuVall ) flirts with Heather and gives them their telephone number , but Heather can only think about Cindy . Cindy arrives with Vince and tries to persuade the remaining members of the band to let them be their manager . When Vince ruins the opportunity for her , they get angry with them and tells Heather she 'll be staying with them
When Heather gets home , they find Cindy sleeping in their bed . They kiss Cindy to wake them up , and asks for some kind of response . Cindy tells Heather that they can kiss them if they want to , but not to expect anything back from them Heather tells Cindy to get out of their bed and telephones Clea . Later , Heather practices their makeup techniques on Clea and they kiss .
At the end , the narrator ( Heather ) is joined by Clea to finish telling the story to their daughter .
Cast
Sarah Lassez as Heather
Radha Mitchell as Cindy , Heather 's ex-girlfriend and Vince 's new girlfriend
Clea DuVall as Clea , photographer 's assistant working on the Sno Blo photo shoot
Vince Vieluf as Vince , Heather 's co-worker at the funeral home
Rose McGowan as Sno Blo , dead rock star
Nicole Eggert as Sno Blo Band
Leisha Hailey as Sno Blo band
Chris Garnant as Sno Blo Band
Bob Stephenson as Record Executive
Tracy Grant as Record Executive
Tony Friedkin as Still Photographer
Harper Roisman as Priest
Emily Sperling as Little Heather
Cheyene O'Brian as Little Cindy
Production
Director Jamie Babbit was a script supervisor on David Fincher 's 1997 film The Game . While working on The Game , they discussed their idea for a short film based on a fairy tale with Fincher . They were interested in the project , and gave Babbit about 6,000 feet of 35mm film . Their editor gave them free use of an Avid editing machine . The star of The Game , Michael Douglas , wrote to Paramount and asked them to give Babbit access to their costume department . As a result , they were able to make Sleeping Beauties for about $ 10,000 . The soundtrack of Sleeping Beauties features the song `` Pity Rock '' by Madigan Shive .
Distribution and reception
Sleeping Beauties premiered at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival and went on to play at over thirty film festivals including the Los Angeles Film Festival and the London Lesbian and Gay Film Festival . The film features on Girls on Film , a DVD compilation of short films released by production company POWER UP . Writing for The Village Voice , Amy Taubin called Sleeping Beauties an embryonic version of Babbit 's feature debut But I 'm a Cheerleader and said that it has a `` raunchy edge '' that But I 'm a Cheerleader lacks . In 1999 , Sleeping Beauties won the C4TX award for best short film from British television station Channel 4 .
References
External links
https : //web.archive.org/web/20160303232011/http : //www.outfest.org/legacy/anniversary/babbit_clips.php
1999 films
1999 romantic comedy films
1999 LGBT-related films
American romantic comedy films
American LGBT-related films
American short films
American independent films
Lesbian-related films
Fictional beauticians
LGBT-related short films
Films directed by Jamie Babbit
Films produced by Andrea Sperling
1999 short films
1999 independent films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Shad Mahalleh ( , also Romanized as Shād Maḩalleh ; also known as Shāh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 572 , in 145 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Dubuque County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa . As of the 2020 census , the population was 99,266 , making it the eighth-most populous county in Iowa . The county seat is Dubuque . The county is named for Julien Dubuque , the first European settler of Iowa .
Dubuque County comprises the Dubuque , IA Metropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Early history
Dubuque County is named for French trader Julien Dubuque , the first European settler of Iowa , and an early lead mining pioneer in what is now Dubuque County . Dubuque was French Canadian , and had ( by most accounts ) a friendly relationship with the local Fox tribe of Native Americans . They and other early pioneers established a lucrative mining and trading industry in the area . When lead deposits began becoming exhausted , the pioneers developed boat building , lumberyards , milling , brewing , and machinery manufacturing to take its place .
The establishment of the City of Dubuque in 1833 led to large-scale settlement of the surrounding area . This was greatly encouraged by the Roman Catholic Church , which sent priests , bishops , and nuns to establish churches in the unpopulated countryside . Primarily , Irish and German ( many of whom were Catholic ) immigrants came to the region .
At an extra session of the Sixth Legislative Assembly of Michigan Territory held in September , 1834 , the Iowa District was divided into two counties by running a line due west from the lower end of Rock Island in the Mississippi River . The territory north of this line ( which started just south of the present-day Davenport ) was named Dubuque County , and all south of it was Demoine County [ sic ] . Thus , at that time Dubuque County nominally included not only much of what is now the state of Minnesota but portions of what are now North Dakota and South Dakota .
Dubuque County became part of Wisconsin Territory once it was split off from Michigan Territory on July 3 , 1836 . A massive reorganization and reduction of the county 's size was executed on December 21 , 1837 , when its original area was separated into 13 named new counties and a `` non-county area '' . The land in present day Minnesota and the Dakotas was transferred to the newly created Fayette County in this action . Dubuque County became a part of Iowa Territory upon its creation on July 4 , 1838 .
In 1858 , Saint Francis Catholic Church was established in Dubuque County .
Middle history
In the 1980s , the farm crisis set in , and devastated large sections of the Midwest , including Dubuque County . Since the area was heavily dependent on agriculture-related industries like Deere and Company and the Dubuque Packing Company , unemployment soared . In one month of 1982 , Dubuque County had 23 % unemployment , the highest in the nation . The county experienced huge population losses during this time , as workers left the area . It would not fully recover from this until the late 1990s , when the economy diversified , shifting away from manufacturing , and toward various service-related establishments .
Modern history
Since the 1990s , the area has become much more prosperous . Today , the county boasts record employment levels and a growing population . The surging economy can especially be seen in the West Side of the City of Dubuque , and in neighboring Peosta and Asbury . These areas have expanded so much that concerns now lie with trying to manage the growth , a sharp change from just 20 years ago .
It is one of Iowa 's two original counties along with Des Moines County ; both were organized by the Michigan Territorial legislature in 1834 .
The city of Dubuque was chartered in 1833 as the first city in Iowa .
In 2021 , the Dubuque County Minutemen baseball team advanced to the American Legion World Series semi-finals , the first team from Iowa to advance that far since Cedar Rapids , IA in 1975 .
Government
Dubuque County is governed by a three-member Board of Supervisors elected at large . Current supervisors include Ann McDonough , Jay Wickham and Harley Pothoff ( chairperson ) . They meet weekly on Monday at 9:00 a.m. and the last Monday of the month at 5:30 p.m. in the Dubuque County Courthouse .
The current county attorney is C.J . May , who succeeded Ralph Potter in 2019 .
The current county auditor is Kevin Dragotto , who succeeded Denise Dolan in 2021 .
Law enforcement
The county sheriff 's office provides law enforcement services for unincorporated areas of Dubuque County , as well as providing courthouse security , operating the county jail , and performing civil procedures . The Sheriff 's Department is located at the Dubuque City/County Law Enforcement Center . The department shares facilities and other resources with the Dubuque Police Department .
Geography
Geographic features
The county borders on Illinois and Wisconsin , and is bounded on the northeast by the Mississippi River . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 1.4 % ) is water . The county is drained by north and south forks of the Maquoketa River .
The county seat is Dubuque , Iowa , which is located along the Mississippi River in the east-central portion of the county . Eastern Dubuque County is markedly different from the western portion in that its topography is very uneven . The city of Dubuque and surrounding areas adjacent to the Mississippi River have many steep hills , bluffs , and ravines . Also , the eastern portion is more heavily wooded than the west , which is mostly rolling farmland .
Dubuque County is widely known for its impressive bluffs along the Mississippi River , which run along the entire length of the county 's riverbanks . These form part of Iowa 's Coulee Region , otherwise known as the Driftless Area . During the last ice age , much of the Mississippi Valley near Dubuque County was bypassed by glacial flows , which flattened the surrounding land in eastern Illinois , Wisconsin , and western Iowa , leaving the Driftless Area unusually rugged .
Major parks
The Iowa Department of Natural Resources administers 3 park and preserve areas in the county :
Little Maquoketa River Mounds State Preserve
Mines of Spain State Recreation Area/E . B. Lyons Nature Center
White Pine Hollow State Forest
The Dubuque County Conservation Board administers 11 park and recreation areas in the county :
Bankston Park
Fillmore Recreation Area & Fairways
Finley 's Landing Park
Heritage Trail & Pond
Interstate Power Forest Preserve
Massey Marina Park
Mud Lake Park
New Wine Park
Pohlman Prairie Preserve
Swiss Valley Nature Park & Preserve
Whitewater Canyon Park
The City of Dubuque and other towns in the county also operate public park systems of their own . ( see Parks in Dubuque , Iowa )
Major highways
U.S. Highway 20
U.S. Highway 52
U.S. Highway 61
U.S. Highway 151
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 32
Iowa Highway 136
Adjacent counties
Clayton County ( north )
Grant County , Wisconsin ( northeast )
Jo Daviess County , Illinois ( east )
Jackson County ( southeast )
Jones County ( southwest )
Delaware County ( west )
National protected areas
Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge ( part )
Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge ( part )
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 99,266 in the county , with a population density of . There were 42,630 housing units of which 39,891 were occupied .
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 93,653 in the county , with a population density of . There were 38,951 housing units , of which 36,815 were occupied .
2000 census
At the 2000 census , there were 89,143 people , 33,690 households and 23,111 families residing in the county . The population density was 147 per square mile ( 57/km2 ) . There were 35,505 housing units at an average density of 58 per square mile ( 23/km2 ) . The racial makeup of the county was 97.07 % White , 0.86 % Black or African American , 0.15 % Native American , 0.58 % Asian , 0.09 % Pacific Islander , 0.50 % from other races , and 0.76 % from two or more races . 1.19 % of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race .
2005 estimates by the census indicated that Dubuque had a population that identified itself as being 95.5 % non-Hispanic white , 1.3 % African American , 0.7 % Asian and 1.5 % Latino .
There were 33,690 households , of which 33.10 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.80 % were married couples living together , 8.70 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 31.40 % were non-families . 26.70 % of all households were made up of individuals , and 10.80 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older . The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 3.07 .
25.60 % of the population were under the age of 18 , 10.20 % from 18 to 24 , 27.20 % from 25 to 44 , 22.30 % from 45 to 64 , and 14.70 % who were 65 years of age or older . The median age was 36 years . For every 100 females there were 94.40 males . For every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.30 males .
The median household income was $ 39,582 and the median family income was $ 48,742 . Males had a median income of $ 31,977 versus $ 22,309 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 19,600 . About 4.90 % of families and 7.80 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.80 % of those under age 18 and 11.00 % of those age 65 or over .
Economy
Historically , Dubuque County 's economy was driven by heavy industry , including , among others , Deere and Company , and the now-defunct Dubuque Packing Company . However , within the last 20 years , and especially within the last 10 years , the economy has diversified a great deal . Now , alongside manufacturing , which still employs thousands of workers , many county residents work in the tourism/gaming , health care , education , publishing , and financial service sectors .
The county 's economy is largely centered around business and industry within the City of Dubuque . With the exception of industrial areas in Cascade , Dyersville , and Peosta , almost all of the rest of the county is rural and agriculturally driven . Some of the key industries in Dubuque County include : Deere and Company , Eagle Window & Door Co. , Flexsteel Industries , Mi-T-M Corp. , A.Y . McDonald Mfg . Co. , Klauer Mfg. , Georgia-Pacific , and Swiss Valley Farms , among others . Besides industry , large numbers of people work for the Dubuque Community School District , Mercy Medical Center - Dubuque , Medical Associates , Finley Hospital , Prudential Financial , the City of Dubuque , and Cottingham & Butler .
Growth
Dubuque County has , in recent years , enjoyed job growth , low unemployment , and the rapid expansion of business and commerce . Alongside these positives , the county is beginning to see a growing population , as well . Up from a recent low of 86,403 in 1990 , the population is now about 97,000 and growing . This can be seen especially in the West Side of the City of Dubuque , and in nearby Asbury and Peosta . This fact is especially significant , considering that all of the counties surrounding Dubuque County have fewer people now than they did in 1900 , with the exception of Grant County , Wisconsin .
Politics
Dubuque County is historically Democratic and has supported every Democratic Party Presidential candidate from John F. Kennedy to Barack Obama , with President Obama winning the county by over 20 points in 2008 . In 2016 , it was narrowly won by Donald Trump , who became the first Republican to win the county since President Eisenhower in 1956 . Trump won the county again in 2020 , by a larger margin .
Dubuque County is within Iowa 's 1st congressional district , represented by Republican Ashley Hinson .
Education
Capri Cosmetology College
Clarke University
Divine Word College
Emmaus Bible College
Loras College
Northeast Iowa Community College
University of Dubuque
Wartburg Theological Seminary
Communities
Cities
Asbury
Balltown
Bankston
Bernard
Cascade
Centralia
Dubuque
Durango
Dyersville
Epworth
Farley
Graf
Holy Cross
Luxemburg
New Vienna
Peosta
Rickardsville
Sageville
Sherrill
Worthington
Zwingle
Unincorporated communities
Fillmore
Key West
Washington Mills
Townships
Dubuque County is divided into seventeen townships :
Cascade
Center
Concord
Dodge
Dubuque
Iowa
Jefferson
Liberty
Mosalem
New Wine
Peru
Prairie Creek
Table Mound
Taylor
Vernon
Washington
Whitewater
Population ranking
See also
List of counties in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dubuque County , Iowa
References
External links
Dubuque County Government website
1834 establishments in Michigan Territory
Populated places established in 1834
Driftless Area
Iowa counties on the Mississippi River
Killshot is a 2008 American thriller film directed by John Madden and starring Diane Lane , Thomas Jane , Mickey Rourke and Joseph Gordon-Levitt . It is based on Elmore Leonard 's 1989 novel of the same name . The story follows a couple who , despite being in a Witness Protection Program , are being chased and confronted by the criminal they outed .
Plot
Armand Degas , a hitman known as `` Blackbird '' , accidentally shoots their younger brother during a job . Years later , they are hired by a Mafia boss to assassinate the man 's father-in-law at a hotel , but also kills a witness . Visiting Walpole Island , Blackbird crosses paths with Lionel , a fellow First Nations member , and notices Wayne Colson , a recently fired ironworker . Separated from their wife Carmen , Wayne collects some belongings from their house in Michigan .
Unable to collect their payment for the hotel murder , Blackbird learns the Mafia boss wants them dead for needlessly killing the witness . They meet Richie Nix , a volatile young criminal , and joins their scheme to extort Carmen 's boss , Nelson Davies . Visiting Carmen 's office to ask for a job , Wayne is mistaken for Davies by Richie and Blackbird . Richie demands the money at gunpoint , but Wayne fends them off , throwing Richie out a window . As Wayne and Carmen see Blackbird 's face before they escape with Richie , they vow to kill them .
Blackbird recognizes Wayne from Walpole Island , where they and Richie press Lionel for Wayne 's whereabouts before killing him . Staying at the home of Richie 's girlfriend Donna , Blackbird and Richie arrive at the Colsons ' house just as Wayne drives off . Richie takes off after him , and Carmen confronts Blackbird with Wayne 's shotgun before locking themselves inside and calling the police . Richie shoots at Wayne inside a convenience store but they escape , and Richie kills the clerk . In the morning , the Colsons learn about Blackbird from the FBI and are placed in Witness Protection .
Richie tricks Carmen 's mother into revealing the Colsons have moved to Missouri . Carmen suspects the FBI is using them as bait to find the killers , but reconnects with Wayne in their new life together . Blackbird coerces the Mafia boss into digging up their brother 's body and burning it in a car with another corpse to fake Blackbird and Richie 's deaths . DNA from the body is tested against Blackbird 's other incarcerated brother , proving they are related . With the FBI convinced the killers are dead , Wayne and Carmen are allowed to return home . Jealous of Donna 's advances toward Blackbird , Richie shoots them before they leave to kill the Colsons .
After admitting to Wayne that they are not sure their marriage will survive , Carmen returns home alone , finding Richie and Blackbird waiting . Richie torments Carmen , spraying them with buck lure , forcing them to stay in their underwear , and putting a bullet in their mouth which they spit onto the floor . Losing their patience after Richie antagonizes them about Donna , Blackbird shoots Richie dead . Emptying Richie 's pistol , they allow Carmen upstairs to get dressed . They find another of Wayne 's shotguns , but Blackbird disarms them
Wayne arrives , and realizes Carmen is being held hostage . They retrieve their shotgun from their truck as Blackbird bursts outside . They exchange fire and Wayne is hit , losing their gun . As Blackbird moves in for the killshot , they turn to see Carmen aiming Richie 's gun , which they remind them is empty , but remembers the bullet they spat out earlier . While Blackbird is distracted , Wayne crawls to their shotgun , and they and Carmen shoot Blackbird at the same time . Blackbird falls dead , as Carmen and Wayne embrace .
Cast
Diane Lane as Carmen Colson
Thomas Jane as Wayne Colson
Mickey Rourke as Armand `` The Blackbird '' Degas
Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Richie Nix
Rosario Dawson as Donna
Hal Holbrook as `` Papa ''
Don McManus as Nelson Davies
Lois Smith as Lenore
Production
Development and writing
The film adaptation of the 1989 novel Killshot by Elmore Leonard began development as early as May 1997 under Miramax Films , which had optioned Leonard 's novel . By September 2004 , the adaptation entered active development , with director John Madden expressing interest in helming . By January 2005 , The Weinstein Company hired Madden to direct the film based on a script by Hossein Amini .
Casting
The following August , actors Diane Lane , Thomas Jane , and Mickey Rourke were cast in the lead roles . In September , actors Rosario Dawson , Joseph Gordon-Levitt , and Johnny Knoxville were cast . Actress Sandra Bullock was originally considered for the role taken by Lane , while John Travolta , Viggo Mortensen , and Justin Timberlake were originally reported to have been up for the roles taken by Rourke , Jane , and Gordon-Levitt , respectively .
Filming
Principal photography began in October 2005 in Toronto , Ontario . Filming also took place in Cape Girardeau along the Mississippi River . Production concluded by December 2005 .
Post-production
By July 2006 , Killshot was being screened to test audiences who had previously enjoyed Traffic and Collateral . Test screenings showed that audiences found the plot too confusing and that the story was not tightened enough . As a result , scenes involving Cape Girardeau and a subplot involving Johnny Knoxville 's role as a deputy were edited from the film .
Release
Theatrical
Killshot was originally slated to be released on March 17 , 2006 . It then was delayed to October 20 , 2006 .
Home media
It was reported on July 19 , 2008 , that Killshot would be going straight to DVD . In early September 2008 , the film was resurrected for November 7 , 2008 , but then pushed back to January 23 , 2009 . The film was released on DVD on May 26 , 2009 , and Blu-ray on February 22 , 2011 .
Reception
Critical response
The film received mixed reviews . , it holds a 33 % approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes , based on six reviews with an average rating of 4.92 out of 10 .
References
External links
2008 films
2008 crime thriller films
2008 independent films
American crime thriller films
American independent films
Films about witness protection
Films based on American novels
Films based on works by Elmore Leonard
Films directed by John Madden
Films produced by Lawrence Bender
Films scored by Klaus Badelt
Films shot in Michigan
Films shot in Missouri
Films shot in Toronto
Films with screenplays by Hossein Amini
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
In the 1995-96 S.S.C . Napoli season , the club finished in the lower midfield of the table , once again missing out on the international competitions . Goalscoring was at a premium , but the tight defence led by Latin Americans Roberto Ayala and André Cruz , ensured that Napoli did not go close to relegation . Goalkeeper Giuseppe Taglialatela also strengthened their reputation with a solid season .
Squad
Transfers
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Results by round
Matches
Topscorers
Arturo Di Napoli 5
Massimo Agostini 4
Fabio Pecchia 4
Renato Buso 4
Fausto Pizzi 3
Statistics
Players statistics
References
Sources
RSSSF - Italy 1995/96
S.S.C . Napoli seasons
Napoli
Bishops Corner is located in West Hartford , Connecticut , United States , at the crossroads of Albany Avenue ( U.S. Route 44 ) and North Main Street .
Bishops Corner Neighborhood Association
A non-profit community organization called the Bishops Corner Neighborhood Association ( BCNA ) is composed of local residents , businesses , non-profits , and advocates for the Bishops Corner Neighborhood of West Hartford . The organization , which has run for over 40 years , has goals that include the beautification of Bishops Corner ; increasing pedestrian and bicycle safety ; facilitating communication with residents ; businesses and not-for-profits ; and playing an active role in redevelopment projects in Bishops Corner . Through BCNA committees , residents have worked with state and town officials to improve walkability , and have established a location for nonprofits to hang a banner to promote events .
The BCNA is open to the public and meets the second Friday of every other month at the Bishops Corner Senior Center .
Improvements
In 1992 , Mail Boxes Etc . opened , and in 2003 , it was rebranded to The UPS Store .
In the summer of 2006 , McDonald 's and Staples were remodeled on the exterior .
In the winter of 2007 , the McDonald 's interior was remodeled as part of the McCafé look .
In the autumn of 2007 , the Waldbaum 's Foodmart was renovated .
In the winter of 2006 , Walgreens expanded to a larger size and a new drive thru prescription pick up window was added .
On April 24 , 2009 , the state Bonding Commission approved $ 153,000 to improve the Bishops Corner public library branch . The money will go towards making the facility more accessible to those with disabilities , window replacements , updates will be made to the heating/cooling system , and new energy efficient lighting .
In the autumn of 2010 , Waldbaums Fresh was converted into Big Y World Class Market .
In the spring of 2012 , exterior facade work was done and an old parking garage ( previously belonging to Adams grocery store ) was demolished to make way for a new Walmart , which opened later that autumn . Walmart closed in 2016 .
Businesses
Bishops Corner hosts a variety of stores , including :
Bank of America
Big Y ( former Waldbaums fresh )
Dunkin ' Donuts
Five Guys
Marshalls & Homegoods
McDonald 's
Mooyah
Mattress Firm
Noodles & Company
Panera Bread
People 's United Bank
Pet Supplies Plus
Santander Bank
Staples
Starbucks
Subway
Supercuts
T-Mobile
Target
TD Bank
The UPS Store
Walgreens
Whole Foods ( former Wild Oats )
There is also the Farmers ' Market at Bishops Corner , held every Saturday in the summer .
Libraries and the arts
Bishops Corner is home to one of West Hartford 's three main libraries , the others being the Noah Webster Library and Faxon . The establishment , which is over forty years old , has recently completed a `` Senior Center , '' where elderly citizens may take part in educational and leisure activities such as computer training .
There has been a resurgence of arts in Bishops Corner . Residents can attend `` Poetry on the Patio '' during the summer .
References
Buildings and structures in West Hartford , Connecticut
Geography of Hartford County , Connecticut
Virus , written by Tome and drawn by Janry , is the 33rd album of the Spirou et Fantasio series , and the first to come from this creative team , carrying on the series after the work of previous authors . The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine before being released by Dupuis as a hardcover album in 1984 .
Story
An icebreaker has unexpectedly moored in the port of Le Havre where it has been put into quarantine . Suspecting a connection with Isola Red , a research base set in Antarctica and which has been out of touch from some time , Fantasio goes to investigate only to encounter an old enemy , John Helena , nicknamed `` the Moray '' , who has fled the ship .
Looking extremely ill , Helena explains that following their release from prison they got a job working at Isola Red where tests are conducted on some of the deadliest diseases known to man . One day , however , one such disease became loose and the staff at the base all fell ill . The disease appears to be only transmitted by actual physical contact . Helena fled , got aboard a ship bound for Europe and now intends to contact the Count of Champignac whom they believe to be the only man who can save him .
Spirou and Fantasio take them to see the Count . Spip , their pet squirrel , goes with them but , unaware of the situation , bites Héléna and is thus contaminated with the virus .
The Count knows of a cure to the virus affecting Helena and the men at the base but requires an extra toxin to make it effective , and it is only available at the base itself . Spirou and Fantasio set off for the South Pole along with Spip and Helena who are dressed in special outfits which reduce the risks of infection . They arrive at a Russian base where they are given guides and snowcats for the journey to Isola Red . They set off , unaware that some men are tracking them from a distance with the intention of killing them before they reach the base .
Meanwhile , back in Europe , Champignac goes to the Ministry for Research in order to organise a larger-scale rescue operation . However , an adviser at the ministry , Basile de Koch , blocks their attempts to see the minister . At that moment a horde of reporters led by the editor of the monthly current affairs magazine Action bursts in . One of the Action '' 's journalists has been working undercover in de Koch 's company which owns the polar base .
Isola Red has actually been used to produce illegal biological weapons and as part of a cover-up de Koch has sent henchmen to kill Spirou and their companions and prevent them from reaching the stricken area . De Koch is arrested thanks to a file put together by the journalist working undercover among their men .
Meanwhile , Spirou and their friends are attacked by de Koch 's killers but are saved by Volene , the undercover journalist . They then proceed to Isola Red where they find the toxin needed to complete the cure . The killers also arrive , but Spirou and their friends fight back using the very weaponry they were not supposed to discover . The biological weapons cause those affected to go crazy and engage in disco-like dancing .
At that moment , the Count and the editor of Action also arrive , along with military commandos . The remaining killers thus flee . It appears that the virus does not affect animals — animals used for testing are found to be fine , so it is with great relief that Spip the squirrel is freed from their outfit . Helena and the other patients are cured . Isola Red is then destroyed by bombers and some time later Helena becomes a tour guide , showing the remains of the base off to tourists .
Themes
The story raises the issue of biological weapons , and the influence of top business people getting jobs as advisors in government departments . The Cold War was still ongoing — Spirou makes a reference to Soviet spy ships — but the Russian staff of a Polar base play an important part in the rescue operation , thus showing how such events could transcend international conflicts .
The Marsupilami
The Marsupilami had been part of Spirou and Fantasio 's adventures since the early 1950s , but was taken out when André Franquin , who created him , would not allow other authors to use him . However a stuffed toy of the Marsupilami can be seen in Spirou 's bedroom .
Softcover edition
Most Franco-Belgian comics are released in hardcover , which makes them expensive . In 2002 Virus was one of several comics to be published by Dupuis as cheaper softcover editions under the label Collection Pirate '' , a cheeky reference from the publishers about copyright infringements .
References
Tome publications in Spirou and Janry publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Virus
Works originally published in Spirou ( magazine )
Literature first published in serial form
1973 books
1973 in comics
Comics set in Antarctica
Comics set in France
Comics set in Russia
Michael Kelly ( born June 23 , 1975 ) is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives from the 15th district since their appointment on November 23 , 2021 . The 15th district , located in the Chicago area , includes parts of Glenview , Morton Grove , Niles , Park Ridge , and Skokie and includes parts of the Chicago neighborhoods of Albany Park , Forest Glen , Irving Park , Jefferson Park , North Park , and Norwood Park .
They were appointed in 2021 to succeed longtime Democratic State Representative John C. D'Amico , who retired earlier in November that year .
Early life , education , and career
Kelly grew up in Albany Park , Chicago . They attended Saint Edward Elementary School and St. Patrick High School . They graduated from Quincy University with a degree in business management . They previously worked on political campaigns for then-State Representative John C. D'Amico , Alderman Samantha Nugent , and former Alderman Margaret Laurino . They have served as a firefighter for the Chicago Fire Department since 2003 and works as an athletic director for Saint Edward School .
As of July 3rd , 2022 , Representative Kelly is a member of the following Illinois House committees :
Cities & Villages Committee ( HCIV )
Police & Fire Committee ( SHPF )
Transportation : Vehicles & Safety Committee ( HVES )
External links
Representative Michael Kelly ( D ) at the Illinois General Assembly website
References
21st-century American politicians
Illinois Democrats
Living people
People from Chicago
Members of the Illinois General Assembly
Members of the Illinois House of Representatives
1975 births
The Almaz ( ) program was a highly secret Soviet military space station program , begun in the early 1960s .
Three crewed military reconnaissance stations were launched between 1973 and 1976 : Salyut 2 , Salyut 3 and Salyut 5 .
To cover the military nature of the program the three launched Almaz stations were designated as civilian Salyut space stations .
Salyut 2 failed shortly after achieving orbit , but Salyut 3 and Salyut 5 both conducted successful crewed testing .
Following Salyut 5 , the Soviet Ministry of Defense judged in 1978 that the time and resources consumed by station maintenance outweighed the benefits relative to automatic reconnaissance satellites .
The space stations ' cores were known internally as OPS ( , GRAU index 11F71 and 11F71B ) , from `` Orbital Piloted Station '' ( ) . As part of the Almaz program , the Soviets developed several spacecraft for support roles—the VA spacecraft , the Functional Cargo Block and the TKS spacecraft—which they planned to use in several combinations . The heritage of the Almaz program continues , with the ISS module Zarya being one example .
Development
Vladimir Chelomei at the OKB-52 design bureau promoted Almaz as a response to the US Air Force 's Manned Orbiting Laboratory ( MOL ) project . MOL had been widely publicized in the US press in the early 1960s , which provided Chelomei plenty of material to use to lobby for a Soviet response .
The Almaz space station programme involved three major hardware components :
Orbital Piloted Station ( OPS , 11F71 ) module , forming the space station itself ,
Functional Cargo Block ( FGB , 11F77 ) , intended as resupply craft for the stations , and
VA spacecraft ( 11F74 , known in the West as the Merkur spacecraft ) , intended as launch and return vehicle for the crews , and reusable for up to 10 flights .
The OPS would have a maximum diameter of , a mass of roughly , and an internal habitable volume of .
Much like its MOL/Gemini counterpart , the initial Almaz APOS space station design called for the launch of an Almaz-OPS space station and a VA return capsule containing its initial three-man crew , mated together as OPS/VA atop Chelomei 's UR-500 Proton rocket . As with MOL/Gemini , once in orbit the crew would access the lab through a hatch in the heat shield at the bottom of the VA capsule .
After an extended stay of 30 to 60 days of military observation and photography the crew would return to Earth by way of a VA return vehicle .
Unlike the American MOL design , the Soviets designed the Almaz to be recrewed and resupplied . For this , they created the TKS resupply craft ( 11F72 ) , which consisted of an FGB and a VA return craft to carry the crew , also launched together on a Proton rocket . At the station , one docking port would be available to receive the TKS craft once the previous crew had left the station in their VA capsule .
While the MOL was cancelled in 1969 , the Almaz program was integrated into the Salyut programme and resulted in three flown space stations , two of which were crewed successfully . As `` man-rating '' the VA spacecraft and the Proton rocket took longer , the first phase called for the launch of three Almaz stations without the VA spacecraft , with the crew instead launched separately by Soyuz rocket in a modified Soyuz spacecraft . Plans called for the first three Almaz stations to be visited by three two-month-long expeditions each . This was realized fully by two missions and partially by one ; however , the initial intention of launching Almaz APOS and the TKS spacecraft together with its crew in VA spacecraft would never materialize during the program , and neither would the TKS craft play its intended role as resupply craft . The Almaz APOS design , without VA spacecraft , would evolve into the Almaz OPS station cores of the Salyut programme .
Defense measures
In addition to reconnaissance equipment , Almaz was equipped with a unique 23mm Rikhter ( factory index 261P or 225P ) rapid-fire cannon mounted on the forward belly of the station . This revolver cannon was modified from the tail-gun of the Tu-22 bomber and was capable of a theoretical rate of fire of 1800-2000 ( up to 2600 ) rounds per minute . Each 168 gram ( ammo 23-OFZ-D-R ) or 173 gram ( ammo 23-OFZ-G-R ) projectile flew at a speed of 850 m/s relative to the station . The cannon was tested at the end of the mission by firing 20 rounds , when the station was operating in uncrewed mode . To aim the cannon , which was on a fixed mounting , the entire station would be turned to face the target . The Almaz series are the only known armed , crewed military spacecraft ever flown .
Salyut 3/OPS-2 conducted a successful remote test firing with the station uncrewed due to concerns over excessive vibration and noise .
OPS-4 was to have featured two rockets instead of the aircraft cannon , but this system has not been shown publicly and may have never been fully manufactured despite it being used experimentally .
Orbital Piloted Stations ( OPS )
Three Almaz OPS space stations were flown from 1973 to 1976 in the Salyut programme : Salyut 2 ( OPS-1 ) , Salyut 3 ( OPS-2 ) and Salyut 5 ( OPS-3 ) .
Five crewed Soyuz expeditions were flown to the Almaz space stations Salyut 3 and Salyut 5 , with three reaching their stations and only two of the missions being considered fully successful at that time – the three crews that had reached their stations had crewed Almaz stations for a total of 81 days when the program was ended .
Besides the three flown space stations OPS-1 to OPS-3 , seven more spaceframes of Almaz space stations had been built when the program was cancelled : OPS-4 , Almaz-205 , Almaz-206 , Almaz-T , Almaz-T2 ( Kosmos 1870 ) , Almaz-1 and Almaz-2 – with Almaz-T2 and Almaz-1 having successfully flown as repurposed uncrewed radar-carrying reconnaissance satellites ( see below ) . The partially outfitted hulls of Almaz-205 and Almaz-206 are today in the property of Excalibur Almaz , a company that plans to launch these as crewed space stations ( see below ) .
Flown Almaz space stations
OPS-1 ( Salyut 2 )
The first Almaz station ( OPS-1 or Almaz 101.1 ) was launched on April 3 , 1973 . For purposes of military secrecy , it was publicly designated Salyut 2 upon reaching orbit . A crew was prepared to fly to the station but an accident days after the launch left OPS-1 disabled and depressurized .
OPS-2 ( Salyut 3 )
OPS-2 ( or Almaz 101.2 ) , announced as Salyut 3 , was launched on June 25 , 1974 . The crew of the Soyuz 14 spacecraft spent 15 days aboard the station in July 1974 . A second expedition was launched toward OPS-2 in August 1974 , but failed to reach the station . The station successfully remotely test-fired an onboard aircraft cannon at a target satellite while the station was uncrewed . Salyut-3 was deorbited in January 1975 .
OPS-3 ( Salyut 5 )
OPS-3 ( or Almaz 103 ) , announced after launch as Salyut 5 , entered orbit on June 22 , 1976 . It was visited by two crews in mid-1976 and late 1977 . Salyut 5 was deorbited on 8 August 1977 , and broke up as it reentered the Earth 's atmosphere .
Unflown Almaz space stations
OPS-4
The next Almaz station , OPS-4 , was to be the first station launched with a three panel Mech-A synthetic-aperture radar and a crewed reusable Return Vehicle VA , however the VA was replaced by a second TKS docking port . This station 's Shchit-1 23 mm defense cannon was also to be replaced with an advanced Shchit-2 space-to-space cannon . The Shchit-2 was reported to be a two projectile system , although no photographs of it have ever been published and it does not appear that this system was ever installed on the station . OPS-4 was grounded when the Almaz crewed program was cancelled .
Almaz-T ( uncrewed )
Following cancellation of the program , the Almaz station was reconfigured as an uncrewed heavy radar-carrying reconnaissance satellite . Three such satellites were launched , two of which functioned successfully in orbit .
Almaz-T
Almaz-T – The first Almaz-T blasted off from Baikonur on October 29 , 1986 . It did not reach orbit due to the failure of the first and second stages of the Proton launcher to separate . The safety system then destroyed the vehicle .
Almaz-T2 ( Kosmos 1870 )
Kosmos 1870 – On July 25 , 1987 , Almaz-T2 , the second Almaz-T spacecraft , successfully reached orbit with an inclination 71.92 degrees toward the Equator and it was officially identified as Kosmos-1870 . The spacecraft functioned for two years , providing radar imagery with a resolution down to 25 meters , until it was deorbited on July 30 , 1989 .
It was the first commercial radar satellite , according to Art Dula ( chairperson of Excalibur Almaz ) , who worked in a company marketing the radar images gathered by the satellite .
Almaz-1
Almaz-1 – The third Almaz-T spacecraft was launched on March 31 , 1991 , under the name Almaz-1 . After the launch a failure of the communications antenna designed to downlink the imagery via the Luch relay satellite was noted . Also one of the solar panels failed to deploy completely , leaving the main radar panel of the spacecraft partially blocked . After 18 months of successful work the Almaz-1 was deorbited on October 17 , 1992 , over the Pacific Ocean .
Almaz-2
Almaz-2 ( Almaz-1V ) – Not flown . It had a new radar that would have provided a resolution of 5 to 7 meters . In addition , an optical-electronic payload on the station would have been capable of producing imagery with a resolution of 2.5 – 4 meters .
Heritage
The heritage of the Almaz space station program continues until today , and can even be found today in the International Space Station and in the Tianhe core module of the Tiangong space station .
DOS space station cores
The DOS space station core modules were based on the Almaz-OPS hull design , which was mated by Sergei Korolev 's organization OKB-1 with their own Soyuz-derived subsystems . OKB-1 was at that time in competition with the designer of the Almaz , Vladimir Chelomei 's organization OKB-52 , and was thereby able to short-cut the development time for the first space station and beat OKB-52 , which had started design work much earlier .
DOS space station cores derived since 1971 from the Almaz-OPS hull design include :
DOS-1 , which formed the basis for Salyut 1 space station , in 1971 the first space station in the history of space flight
DOS-5 and DOS-6 , the cores for the long lived Salyut 6 and Salyut 7 space stations
DOS-7 , the Mir Core Module for the Mir space station , the first modular space station
DOS-8 , the Zvezda `` Service Module '' for the International Space Station , still in use
Functional Cargo Block ( FGB )
The modules based on the DOS design are not the only heritage of the Almaz program still in use : The habitat , propulsion and service module of the TKS spacecraft , the so-called Functional Cargo Block ( FGB ) , went on to become the core of many Soviet and Russian space station modules . The FGB-based Kvant-1 module of the Mir space station was the first space station module of its kind , and the Zarya Functional Cargo Block , which is still in use on the International Space Station .
Excalibur Almaz
The private spaceflight company Excalibur Almaz bought the two partially completed Almaz-205 and Almaz-206 space station hulls from the Russian NPO Mashinostroyeniya ( the former OKB-52 ) with the stated intention to outfit and launch them .
The Almaz-205 module is similar to the OPS-2 of the Salyut 3 station , while the Almaz-206 is closer to the OPS-3 of the Salyut 5 station .
In addition , Excalibur Almaz acquired four VA return capsule hulls ( derived from the TKS/VA spacecraft ) and plans to outfit and launch them as well : one is planned to be used in support of space tourism while the other three capsules are reserved for scientific and commercial payloads . The needed development of propulsion systems for the VA capsule was reportedly delegated to an unnamed European organization as early as 2009 .
Excalibur Almaz postponed its first launch to 2015 to be able to include more lucrative deep space capabilities like asteroid mining . However , in 2015 the company was reported to be in problems , and it was not clear what happened to their spacecraft .
See also
TKS , the resupply craft developed for Almaz and Salyut
Bank of the Universe , edited by Boltenko A. C. , Kiev , 2014. , publishing house `` Phoenix '' ,
References
External links
The Almaz Program , RussianSpaceWeb.com
Almaz , Encyclopedia Astronautica
The Almaz Space Station Program , Sven Grahn
Mir Hardware Heritage ( NASA Reference Publication 1357 ) , David Portree
Astrospies , an episode of Nova covering the MOL and Almaz
Inside a Soviet Spy Station , NOVA Short
1973 in spaceflight
Salyut program
Reconnaissance satellites of the Soviet Union
Space weapons
Military equipment of the Soviet Union
Soviet military spacecraft
Human spaceflight programs
The Planggenstock ( 1,675 m ) is a mountain of the Schwyzer Alps , located south of Bilten in the canton of Glarus . It lies between the valley of the Linth and the valley of Niederurnen .
References
External links
Planggenstock on Hikr
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of Switzerland
Mountains of the canton of Glarus
One-thousanders of Switzerland
Tangestan ( ) may refer to :
Tangestan , Fereydunshahr , Isfahan Province
Tangestan , Nain , Isfahan Province
Tangestan , Khuzestan
Tangestan County , in Bushehr Province
Antoniówka ( , Antonivka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Terricula cnephaeana is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Vietnam .
The wingspan is 26 mm . The ground colour of the forewings is greyish brown with an indistinct pinkish hue . The strigulae ( fine streaks ) are innumerous and brown . The markings are dark brown and consist of a basal blotch divided in a few parts and a few spots . The hindwings are grey brown .
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Tæt på ( Close by ) is the debut album from Danish singer/songwriter Medina . It was released on 13 September 2007 by At : tack Music . The album was produced by two production teams : Copenhaniacs and Providers , with guest appearances by rappers Joe True and Ruus , and singer Joey Moe .
Tracks
References
Medina ( singer ) albums
2007 debut albums
Pop albums by Danish artists
Silas Bartsch ( May 13 , 1926 – October 18 , 2001 ) was an American school administrator who acted as a superintendent in Reedley , California . They were first superintendent of the Kings Canyon Unified School District . Bartsch was superintendent for five years , then left to begin a career at then Fresno Pacific University .
Early life
Bartsch was born on May 13 , 1926 in Mountain Lake , Minnesota . When they were 14 , their family moved to Reedley . They graduated from Reedley High School and enlisted in United States Army . Upon discharge , they returned to Reedley and graduated from Reedley College in 1949 . They also graduated from Chapman College in Los Angeles , with a major in history and education . They completed a year of post graduate study at Berkeley Baptist Divinity School , as well .
Career
In 1952 , Bartsch began their teaching career as a fourth grade teacher at Washington School . Bartsch later taught at General Grant School before becoming principal in 1958 . In 1961 , they were appointed superintendent of Reedley Elementary School District , and in 1965 , of the newly formed Kings Canyon Unified School District . Five years later , they began a new teaching career at Fresno Pacific College , but they remained active in their hometown until their death .
They were Professor of Education at Fresno Pacific . Fresno Pacific was initially a religious college , and the Education Department Bartsch lead brought in other students , and more funding .
Bartsch became the first Dean of the University 's School of Professional Studies .
Death and legacy
Bartsch died on October 18 , 2001 in Reedley , California , at the age of 75 .
In June 2008 , a new K-8 school in Kings Canyon Unified School District was named Silas Bartsch School . The campus was opened on October 29 , 2008 . They and their wife , Nadine , also had the building that housed the Education Department at Fresno Pacific University campus named after them ; Bartsch Hall .
References
Reedley College alumni
California State University , Fresno alumni
San Jose State University alumni
People from Reedley , California
Chapman University alumni
Fresno Pacific University
1926 births
2001 deaths
People from Mountain Lake , Minnesota
Military personnel from Minnesota
Alden Springer Crafts ( 25 June 1897 , Fort Collins , Colorado – 9 February 1990 , Davis , California ) was an American professor of botany , known as the first person in the United States to have the title `` Weed Control Scientist '' in academic employment . They were President of the American Society of Plant Physiologists for 1955 , and President of the Weed Society of America ( later renamed the Weed Science Society of America ) for 1958–1960 . Crafts was the editor of the Annual Review of Plant Physiology ( now the Annual Review of Plant Biology ) from 1957–1959 .
Biography
After graduating from Oakland High School . the sixth oldest high school in the state of California , Crafts matriculated in 1916 at the College of Agriculture of the University of California , Berkeley ( UC Berkeley ) . After completing one year of academic study , they left college to work as an agricultural laborer at the Kearney field station . In 1918 they and their two brothers , Andrew B. Crafts ( 1885–1966 ) and Henry Alonzo Crafts , Jr. ( 1889–1964 ) , purchased a farm in Potter Valley near Ukiah , California . Alden Crafts worked on the farm until 1925 when they enrolled at the University of California , Davis ( UC Davis ) . They graduated there in 1927 with B.S . and in 1930 with Ph.D. Wilfred William Robbins ( 1884–1952 ) , who was on Crafts 's thesis committee , offered them an academic position in weed control at UC Davis . However , Crafts declined the offer because they had accepted a National Research Council fellowship at Cornell University . For the academic year 1930–1931 they worked at Cornell on translocation in plants under the supervision of O. F. Curtis . At Cornell , Crafts was also influenced by Walter C. Muenscher ( 1891–1963 ) , a botanist noted for their expertise on weeds .
In 1932 Crafts returned to California to work as an assistant botanist with the title `` Weed Control Scientist '' at the California Agricultural Experiment Station . In the department of botany at UC Davis , they became in 1936 an assistant professor and in 1946 a full professor , retiring in 1964 as professor emeritus .
They published articles in Plant Physiology , Hilgardia , Stain Technology , the American Journal of Botany , Science , the Botanical Gazette , California Agriculture , and the Journal of the American Society of Agronomy . The textbook Weed Control with co-authors , Wilfred W. Robbins , Alden S. Crafts , and Richard N. Raynor , was published in 1942 ( 2nd edition , 1952 ; 3rd edition , 1962 ) . The fourth edition was published in 1975 with the title Modern Weed Control .
Crafts married Alice E. Hardesty ( 1903–1974 ) on June 25 , 1926 . Their body was buried at Potter Valley Cemetery in Mendocino County , California .
Awards and honors
1938 — Guggenheim Fellowship for the academic year 1938–1939
1955 — President of the American Society of Plant Physiologists for the year 1955 ( elected in 1954 )
1957 — Guggenheim Fellowship for the academic year 1957–1958
1957 — Fulbright Fellowship for the academic year 1957–1958
1958 — President of the Weed Society of America for 2 academic years 1958–1960
References
External link
1897 births
1990 deaths
20th-century American botanists
Plant physiologists
University of California , Davis alumni
University of California , Davis faculty
Annual Reviews ( publisher ) editors
Marc `` Mahk '' LeBlanc is an educator and designer of video games .
LeBlanc attended MIT where they received a B.S . and M.S . in Computer Science .
Through their work with Looking Glass Studios , LeBlanc contributed to a number of important video game titles including Ultima Underworld II , System Shock , Flight Unlimited , Terra Nova , and Thief .
After Looking Glass , LeBlanc went to work for Sega , developing artificial intelligence for the Visual Concepts line of sports games . In 2003 , LeBlanc went to work for Mind Control Software , where , with Andrew Leker , they co-developed Oasis , which won an Independent Games Festival award . In addition , LeBlanc has participated in a number of Indie Game Jams .
LeBlanc has led a number of Game Design Tuning Workshops at the Game Developers Conference , where they explore their theories on game design , specifically the Mechanics/Dynamics/Aesthetics ( MDA ) framework . MDA is based in part on the Formal Abstract Design Tools for games discussion initiated by Doug Church . LeBlanc runs a site , 8kindsoffun.com , including the MDA work and their breakdown of `` fun '' for game design .
8 Kinds of Fun
In their work on 8 kinds of fun , LeBlanc explains that when describing fun we should steer away from vague words such as `` gameplay '' and `` fun '' . Instead they suggest that a more direct vocabulary should be used . This includes but is not limited to the taxonomy listed below :
Sensation : Game as sense-pleasure . Games that evoke emotion in the player , be it through sound , visuals , controller rumble or physical effort . Examples : Dead Space , Dance Dance Revolution , Candy Crush Saga
Fantasy : Game as make-believe . Game as a means to take the player to another world . Some call it escapism . Examples : Final Fantasy , Nier : Automata , The Legend of Zelda
Narrative : Game as drama . Game as a means to tell a story or narrative to the player . Examples : The Walking Dead , Persona 3 , Dear Esther
Challenge : Game as obstacle course . Games that provide the player ( s ) with highly competitive value or with increasingly difficult challenges . Examples : Dark Souls , Tetris , X-COM
Fellowship : Game as social framework . Games that have social interactions as its core or as a big feature . Examples : Mario Kart , Destiny , World of Warcraft
Discovery : Game as uncharted territory . Games in which the player explores a world . Examples : Uncharted , Tomb Raider , Assassin 's Creed
Expression : Game as self-discovery . Games that allow for self-expression from the player through gameplay . Examples : Minecraft , Garry 's Mod , Roblox
Submission : Game as pastime . Games that have `` farming '' or `` grinding '' as a core element . Examples : FarmVille , Hyperdimension Neptunia , Disgaea
A game does not need to have only one of the above , nor all of them . Just because these are different kinds of fun does not mean that everyone finds all eight of these things fun at all . Not only do different games provide different combinations and relative quantities of the various kinds of fun , but different players find different combinations more or less fun than others .
See also
Bartle taxonomy of player types
References
External links
LeBlanc 's personal page
LeBlanc 's Game Design Writings
Notes from an interview with Marc LeBlanc
Video game designers
Living people
Video game researchers
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Slinger Speedway ( also known as Slinger Super Speedway ) is a quarter mile paved oval automobile race track with 33-degree banked corners located in Slinger , Wisconsin . The track is billed as the `` World 's Fastest Quarter Mile Oval . '' The current track record was set by Jeff Bloom in a 410 extreme winged sprint car on August 21 , 2010 at a time of 9.908 seconds . This is the first lap record under 10 seconds on a quarter mile oval track of any type , breaking Anderson Speedway 's 10.28 second lap record . Bloom 's lap eclipsed the track record set by USAC midget car driver Tracy Hines on May 17 , 2008 at an elapsed time of 10.845 seconds . The lap was the fastest ever midget car lap on an asphalt quarter mile track . They eclipsed the long-standing mark of 11.095 seconds set by Tony Strupp 's late model on June 12 , 1994 .
Track history
The track opened in 1948 and continued with a clay surface through the 1973 season . When it opened for the 1974 season on June 2 , track promoter Rollie Heder had the track converted from a flat 1/5 mile dirt track to a 1/4 mile high-banked asphalt track . The track hosted modified and sportsman classes on the new surface . At the end of July 21 , 1974 , the classes were switched to late models , sportsman , and road runner stocks . As the modified points leader , Larry Ninneman was named the track 's modified champion . Joe Shear won two late model special races and another three of five regular season late model races to be named the track 's 1974 late model champion over their teammate Dave Watson . Watson won the 1975 late model championship . The track had a paved `` X '' infield added in the late 1970s , allowing for figure 8 racing at the end of the weekly Sunday night race events . In 2021 , track owner Todd Thelen brought the then all-new Superstar Racing Experience ( SRX series ) to Slinger Speedway . The July 10 , 2021 race was won by Marco Andretti . It was the first time in the track 's history that an event was broadcast live on national television ( on CBS ) .
Weekly divisions
There are seven divisions running for points in a weekly program :
Notable drivers to appear at the track
Rich Bickle , Erik Darnell , Matt Kenseth ( 1991 Late Model Rookie of the Year ) , Alan Kulwicki ( 1992 NASCAR Winston Cup Champion ) , Ryan Mathews ( 2001 Late Model Rookie of the Year ) , Robbie Reiser , Joe Shear , Lowell Bennett , Dick Trickle , Dave Watson and Scott Wimmer competed at Slinger before they moved to NASCAR .
Slinger Nationals
The track 's biggest race of the year is the Slinger Nationals . The 200 lap super late model stock car race occurs in the middle of summer . The winner wins the Larry Detjens Memorial Trophy , which was named for the 1980 winner who died in a racing incident at another Wisconsin track later in the season .
The event is usually held on a Tuesday night in order for the nationally and regionally known drivers to participate in the Nationals . NASCAR stars frequently come to the circuit for a one time drive in a local car owner 's car in the signature race . Non-local NASCAR drivers frequently race in the event . The 1987 event featured Davey Allison , their father Bobby Allison , Dale Earnhardt , Alan Kulwicki , Mark Martin , Ted Musgrave , and Butch Miller . Kenseth was already a Cup regular when they won their second Nationals in 2002 . Three Roush Racing drivers , one from each of the three national series , raced in 2006 . The 2007 event had ten drivers with experience in at least one of the three major NASCAR series : Matt Kenseth , Kyle Busch , Erik Darnell , Dick Trickle , Rich Bickle , Scott Wimmer , Chris Wimmer , Lowell Bennett , Kelly Bires , and Brad Mueller . Other notable drivers who have raced in the Slinger Nationals include Neil Bonnett , Harry Gant , Ernie Irvan , Dale Jarrett , Sterling Marlin , Kyle Petty , Rusty Wallace , Ken Schrader and Michael Waltrip . In 2021 , by virtue of their win in the Nationals on Tuesday , Luke Fenhaus was granted an automatic invitation to compete in the SRX series race that Saturday as the series ' `` Local Ringer '' .
List of Slinger Nationals winners
1980 Larry Detjens
1981 Alan Kulwicki
1982 Dick Trickle
1983 Dick Trickle
1984 Mark Martin
1985 Dick Trickle
1986 John Ziegler
1987 Joe Shear
1988 Butch Miller
1989 Dick Trickle
1990 Joe Shear
1991 Joe Shear
1992 Rich Bickle
1993 Joe Shear
1994 Matt Kenseth
1995 Butch Miller
1996 Rich Bickle
1997 Lowell Bennett
1998 Tony Strupp
1999 Conrad Morgan
2000 Lowell Bennett
2001 David Prunty
2002 Matt Kenseth
2003 Rich Bickle
2004 Lowell Bennett
2005 Nathan Haseleu
2006 Matt Kenseth
2007 Lowell Bennett
2008 Matt Kenseth
2009 Matt Kenseth
2010 Lowell Bennett
2011 Kyle Busch
2012 Matt Kenseth
2013 Rich Bickle
2014 Chris Wimmer
2015 Dennis Prunty
2016 Matt Kenseth
2017 Bubba Pollard
2018 Ty Majeski
2019 Matt Kenseth
2020 Ty Majeski
2021 Luke Fenhaus
2022 William Byron
References
External links
Official Website
Motorsport venues in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Washington County , Wisconsin
Tourist attractions in Washington County , Wisconsin
1948 establishments in Wisconsin
Sports venues completed in 1948
Sports in the Milwaukee metropolitan area
The Spartan Events Center is a multipurpose arena in Elgin , Illinois at Elgin Community College and was home to the Elgin Racers .
References
College basketball venues in the United States
Basketball venues in Illinois
Guy & Ralna are an American singing duo that appeared as regulars on television 's The Lawrence Welk Show from 1970 to 1982 .
Musical career
The act consists of Guy Hovis and Ralna English , who married in early 1969 and made their Welk debut on their Christmas show the same year . English had been a solo performer on the show for a few months , having already joined in mid-1969 . They specialize in country , gospel , big band and popular music .
The couple has released a number of albums , including Hymns We Love To Sing , which was nominated for a Dove Award in 1972 . Country Songs We Love to Sing , released in 1973 , peaked at No . 21 on the Billboard Country Albums chart . Their popularity peaked in the 1970s , at which time they had their own fan club and made numerous appearances on other television shows and commercials .
When the Welk show ended in 1982 , and later when the couple divorced in 1984 , the act disbanded for a while . They have since reunited professionally and have continued to perform , both at PBS pledge specials and in concert venues . They have also performed at political appearances of U.S . Senator Trent Lott .
Discography
References
External links
Guy & Ralna at Allmusic.com
American gospel musical groups
American country music groups
Country music duos
Married couples
Musical groups established in 1970
Cesare Giulio Viola ( 26 November 1886 – 3 October 1958 ) was an Italian screenwriter . They were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for their work in Shoeshine ( 1946 ) .
Selected filmography
Luciano Serra , Pilot ( 1938 )
Naples Will Never Die ( 1939 )
First Love ( 1941 )
References
External links
20th-century Italian screenwriters
Italian male screenwriters
1958 deaths
1886 births
20th-century Italian male writers
Rossanese is an Italian association football club , based in Rossano , Calabria .
The club was founded in 1909 .
Rossanese in the season 2010–11 , from Serie D group I relegated , in the play-out , to Eccellenza Calabria , where it plays in the current season .
The team 's colors are red and blue .
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Calabria
Association football clubs established in 1909
1909 establishments in Italy
Rossano
The Guatemala women 's national handball team is the national team of Guatemala . It is governed by the Federation National de Balomano de Guatemala and takes part in international handball competitions .
Results
Pan American Championship
Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American Games
Central American Championship
Pan American Games qualification tournaments
External links
IHF profile
Women 's national handball teams
Handball
National team
Samary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately west of Batorz , north of Janów Lubelski , and south of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 180 .
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Museum Middle School was a public middle school in Yonkers , New York , United States .
Museum Middle School was run by the Yonkers Public Schools . Museum was home to the city 's academically talented ( AT ) program for middle schoolers and another program coordinated with the Hudson River Museum next to the school . It is in one of the newest school buildings in Yonkers , having been built in the early 1990s . It is near the Hudson River .
Principals were Dr. Catherine Mayus , Ms. Christine Wagner , and Mr. Shapiro .
Museum Middle School is now Riverside High School for Engineering and Design .
References
External links
Museum Middle School
Defunct schools in New York ( state )
Education in Yonkers , New York
Gabriel Alejandro Brizuela ( born August 12 , 1979 ) is an Argentine professional racing cyclist .
Major results
2005
4th Overall Vuelta Ciclista de Chile
2006
3rd Overall Vuelta a Mendoza
2007
3rd Overall Vuelta al Chana
4th Overall Tour de San Luis
2008
2nd Overall Vuelta a San Juan
1st Stage 7
2011
1st Prologue & Stage 3 Vuelta a Mendoza
2013
2nd Overall Vuelta a Mendoza
1st Stage 2
2015
1st Overall Vuelta a Mendoza
2017
3rd Overall Vuelta a Mendoza
External links
1979 births
Living people
Argentine male cyclists
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Douglas Dragonfly is a motorcycle designed and built by Douglas motorcycles in Bristol . The last motorcycle produced by the company , the 1955 Dragonfly was an all-new motorcycle built to use an improved version of an existing engine . Despite its riding comfort , which was `` equal to a car 's '' , it did not sell well , and only 1,457 Dragonfly motorcycles were produced before the company was taken over and production ended in 1957.Very few Douglas motorcycles survive today making it one of the rarest motorcycles for collectors .
History
After World War II Douglas was in financial difficulty and reduced its output to the 350 cc flat-twin engine models . The flat twin had been the Douglas trademark since 1906 and had a long history of Isle of Man TT racing successes .
Development
The Dragonfly was known as the Dart while in development and was based on the Mark V Douglas and an earlier prototype . Aiming to overcome the outdated image , designers were commissioned from the Reynolds Tube Company to develop a completely new open duplex frame of welded tubing , including a swinging arm with twin Girling dampers ( state of the art for the time ) with leading link front suspension . The strengthened and streamlined engine had a modern coil ignition , AC generator and distributor , with bolt-through cast iron cylinders and heads and pushrods made from Duralumin .
Launch
The launch of the Dragonfly was the last chance of survival for the Douglas company when it featured at the 1954 Earls Court motorcycle show in a big display held in a giant micrometer . Although it aroused a lot of interest , Douglas ' finances did not allow them to exploit demand and the Dragonfly did not go into volume production for nine months .
Decline
As well as suffering from production delays , the Dragonfly was bigger and heavier than its predecessors and its raw power was too difficult to handle for most riders . It was also noisy and acceleration was rather unpredictable . Douglas decided to concentrate on importing Vespa scooters which were increasing in popularity , and only 1500 Dragonfly motorcycles were ever built . The Westinghouse Brake and Signal Company Ltd bought Douglas out in 1956 , and production of Douglas Motorcycles ended in 1957 with the final Dragonflys being sold at discount by London dealer Pride & Clarke .
See also
List of Douglas motorcycles
List of motorcycles of the 1950s
References
Dragonfly
Motorcycles introduced in 1955
Knoop is a Dutch and Low German surname . Meaning `` knot '' and `` button '' , it may have a metonymic origin referring to button maker . Notable people with the surname include :
Abe Knoop ( born 1963 ) , Dutch football goalkeeper and goalkeeping coach
Anneliese Knoop-Graf ( 1921–2009 ) , German non-fiction writer
Bobby Knoop ( born 1938 ) , American baseball player
( born 1936 ) , German contemporary painter and sculptor
( born 1934 ) , Belgian politician and Government Minister
Franz Knoop ( 1875–1946 ) , German biochemist
Frederick Knoop ( 1878–1943 ) , American metallurgist
Knoop hardness test , a microhardness test for very brittle materials developed by them
Gerhard Knoop ( 1920–2009 ) , Norwegian actor , stage producer and theatre director
( 1861–1913 ) , German novelist
( born 1943 ) , Dutch journalist
Johann Knoop ( 1846–1882 ) , Russian collector of musical instruments ( `` Baron Knoop '' ) , son of Ludwig
( 1706–1769 ) , German-born Dutch gardener and pomologist
Johannes Knoops ( born c.1970 ) , American architect
Ludwig Knoop ( 1821–1894 ) , German cotton merchant and business person
( 1853–1931 ) , German folklorist and collector of fairy tales
( born 1953 ) , American race car driver
Savannah Knoop ( born c.1980 ) , half-sister of the partner of American writer Laura Albert ( JT LeRoy )
Willem Jan Knoop ( 1811–1894 ) , Dutch lieutenant-general , military historian , and politician
See also
Knop ( disambiguation )
Koop ( disambiguation )
Noop ( disambiguation )
References
Dutch-language surnames
Low German surnames
Occupational surnames
Cluub Zarathustra was a fringe comedy cabaret act and troupe active between 1994 and 1997 . It began as a comedy club in Islington , London , twice went to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and was eventually given a Channel 4 television pilot . It is also the subject of a 2012 book called You Are Nothing .
Cluub Zarathustra was set up by comedians Simon Munnery and Roger Mann . Its remit was to showcase unconventional and avant garde comedy , without the acts ever resorting to traditional comedy .
Stewart Lee soon joined and helped in the vision and organisation of the Cluub . Other members were Johnny Vegas , Julian Barratt , Loré Lixenberg , Richard Thomas , Richard Herring , The Iceman , Jason Freeman , Sally Phillips and Kevin Eldon .
It directly led to the television series Attention Scum ! and to the production of Jerry Springer - The Opera .
Book
The Cluub is the subject of You Are Nothing , a history book written and researched by Robert Wringham and published in 2012 by Go Faster Stripe . It is suggested in the book that Cluub Zarathustra was the progenitor of much British comedy from the 1990s to the present day .
References
Theatre companies in England
Shems Friedlander is an American Islamic scholar , Sufi master , visual artist , filmmaker , author and an emeritus professor of practice at the American University in Cairo . They are best known for their works on mystical traditions of Islam , especially the Mevlevi Sufi tradition founded after the name of Mevlana Jalāl ad-Dīn Muhammad Rūmī .
Biography
Friedlander received their education from the Massachusetts College of Art and graduated in 1963 . They began their career as a graphic designer . In their early years , they learned about Sufism from Vilayet Inayet Khan , son of the Sufi Sheikh Inayet Khan . This led them to Muzaffer Ozak Efendi and , through conversion , ultimately to Islam in early 1970s . Later , they became a member of the Mevlevi Sufi order . Joining as a lecturer , Friedlander has served as a professor in the Department of Journalism and Mass Communication at the American University in Cairo since 1994 . In 2012 , they were named as one of the 500 most influential Muslims in the world .
Works
Apart from photography and paintings , Friedlander has authored ten books on Sufism and Mevlana Rumi and has made few documentary films . Their works have been translated into many different languages including Arabic and Turkish .
Books
The Whirling Dervishes , Being an Account of the Sufi Order Known as the Mevlevis and Its Founder the Poet and Mystic Mevlana Jalalu'ddin Rumi , Macmillan ( New York , NY , 1975 )
Submission : Sayings of the Prophet Muhammad , hadith notations by Al-Hajj Shaikh Muzaffereddin , Harper and Row ( New York , NY , 1977 )
Ninety-Nine Names of Allah , Harper and Row ( New York , NY , 1978 )
When You Hear Hoofbeats , Think of a Zebra : Talks on Sufism , Perennial Library ( New York , NY , 1987 )
Sunlight , Poems , and Other Words , Safina Books ( Cairo , Egypt , 1997 )
Rumi : The Hidden Treasure , Fons Vitae ( Louisville , KY , 2001 )
Winter Harvest , a Memoir ( 2015 )
The Forgotten Message of Mevlana Jalaluddin Rumi ( 2017 )
Documentary films
Rumi : The Wings of Love ( 2002 )
The Circles of Remembrance ( 2005 )
Faisal : Legacy of a King ( 2011 )
References
External links
Official Web page at American University in Cairo
Living people
1940 births
American Muslims
Massachusetts College of Art and Design alumni
American scholars of Islam
American Sufis
Scholars of Sufism
Sufi teachers
Converts to Islam
Bachus is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Reverend James Denning ( 1814-1875 ) was of Irish descent .
Having been educated at Trinity College Dublin , they were ordained as a deacon in June 1842 .
The 1881 Census shows them to be living at 3 Holywell Terrace , Shrewsbury , Shropshire .
Family
They married Elizabeth Mary Ellerton ( 1824-1885 ) on 7 August 1845 in Kensington , London . Their wife was the granddaughter of Sir George Mouat Keith , Baronet , and was born in at Keith 's house in Camberwell , London .
They had seven sons and four daughters ; those shown on the 1881 Census were : Elizabeth Ella Amelie Denning , Georgina Catherine Annie Denning , John Frederick Charles de Winton Denning , Folliott Vere de Winton Denning and Emma Margaret Isabella de Winton Denning .
According to The Times of Feb 11 , 1856 , Denning conducted the marriage ceremony at St. John 's Church , Notting Hill , of their cousin John Ellerton Esq. , the youngest son of the late John Frederick Ellerton Esq. , of the Bengal Civil Service , and grandson of the late George Mouat Keith , to Laura Elizabeth , the youngest daughter of the late John Martin , Esq. , M.D .
Writings and opinions
Denning was scathing of the Welsh language : `` Teach English and bigotry will be banished '' and `` I can not too strongly express my opinion about the necessity of getting rid of the Welsh language '' .
The 1847 Reports of the Commissioners of Inquiry into the State of Education in Wales ( commonly known in Wales as The Treason of the Blue Books ) records `` The Reverend James Denning , who gave evidence on ‘ Morals ' to the Commissioners , asserted that ‘ to all appearances they enjoy their filth and idleness ' , a trait they equate as common between the ‘ lower order of Welsh and Irish ' , both of whom are ‘ dirty , indolent , bigoted , and contented ' , though the Welsh are also seen as given to activity where moral duplicity is concerned ( ‘ double dealing ' ) and the women as having a proclivity for drinking ‘ quantities of gin ' . ''
Denning was not impressed with the standard of teachers in Brecon : `` YES , there are four day-schools connected with the Church in the town of Brecon , and only one of the teachers of those schools was ever in a training establishment . I believe all the teachers are deficient in `` order '' and that the discipline of the schools is very defective . We want well-trained masters . ''
But they were kinder to the Welsh in certain respects , and harsh on their own profession : `` The Welsh are warm-hearted and kind , and might be much improved in morals if their spiritual teachers were men of zeal and piety . But , alas ! the large body of the clergy are drones , and the preachers fanatics . ''
Shrewsbury Jail
On 8 April 1868 Denning was Chaplain at Shrewsbury Jail ( also known as The Dana and The County Prison ) and was present at the execution of one John Mapp , the 'Longden Murderer ' . `` During the last fortnight the Rev . J. Denning , the prison chaplain , was unremitting in their attendance upon the prisoner , and spared no pains to prepare them for their approaching end . ''
Brecknockshire
In 1850 Denning was listed as a curate in Diocese of St David 's , Brecknockshire .
Genealogy
In Reverend James Denning 's immediate family tree the middle names `` Vere '' , `` ffolliott '' , `` de Winton '' , `` Glendenning '' and `` Glendening '' appear frequently - no link to families of that name have been found to date . If information is available please contact the author .
References
19th-century English Anglican priests
Clergy from Shrewsbury
1814 births
1875 deaths
Frederick Augustus Tritle ( August 7 , 1833 – November 18 , 1906 ) was an American politician , business person , and attorney . They served as the sixth Governor of Arizona Territory and held a number of lesser government positions there and in Nevada . They presented the silver spike used at the Promontory Point was held ceremony in May 1869 . Tritle was the first governor to have visited Arizona before their appointment and also the first governor to make the territory their lifelong home .
Background
Tritle was born near Chambersburg , Pennsylvania , to Frederick and Martha ( Cooke ) Tritle on August 7 , 1833 . They were educated in their home town and trained to become a lawyer . Tritle was admitted to the bar on April 10 , 1855 and moved to Des Moines , Iowa , where they practiced law and engaged in real estate dealings . In 1857 they moved to Council Bluffs , Iowa , where they added a banking business to their other interests . After a short stay in California , Tritle moved to Carson City , Nevada , in February 1860 . There they worked as a store clerk and began purchasing mining property .
In 1862 , Tritle married Jane Catherine Hereford in Sacramento , California . Jane was born to an influential family and their brother Frank became a U.S . Senator . The couple had four sons and one daughter . In addition to their family , Tritle was active in Freemasonry and the Odd Fellows . They were also an animal lover who adopted many stray dogs during their life .
After their wedding , Tritle and their wife settled in Virginia City , Nevada , where they became president of a mining company . By 1867 they had become president and superintendent of a Comstock Lode operation , the Yellow Jacket Mine . Their business interests also extended into railroading , with Tritle helping found the Virginia & Truckee Railroad . In 1869 , Tritle was appointed a commissioner overseeing the new transcontinental railroad and later presented Nevada 's silver spike during the completion ceremony at Promontory , Utah . Politically , Tritle served in the first session of the Nevada State Senate and lost the 1870 race for Governor of Nevada to Lewis R. Bradley by a vote of 6,149 to 7,200 .
Among their activities in Virginia City was operation of a mine stock and bonds brokerage office , Tritle & Murray ( partner William B. Murray was from New York and a relative of the wealthy Jerome family ) . With the decline of the Comstock , in 1879 , the partners relocated to Tombstone and began promoting copper and silver mines , eventually acquiring a share of the rich United Verde copper mine at Jerome , Arizona . With their appointment as governor the brokers Tritle & Murray relocated to Prescott , the territorial capital of Arizona .
Governorship
Most details regarding Tritle 's appointment as governor are unknown due to the related documentation having been lost . It is known that they had business interests in Arizona by 1880 and advocated the territory 's potential prior to their appointment as governor . Following the resignation of John C. Frémont , Tritle was nominated by President Chester A. Arthur as territorial governor on January 26 , 1882 , confirmed on February 6 , and sworn into office on March 8 , 1882 .
Upon taking office , Tritle faced a problem of lawlessness within the territory caused by outlaw `` cowboys '' and hostile Indians . To address this issue , the governor proposed creating a group similar to the Texas Rangers to combat the problem . Neither the territorial legislature nor the U.S. Congress were willing to allocate the funds needed to form such a group . Unable to create a group of rangers , Tritle instead called for the formation of volunteer militia to pursue hostile groups of Apache . To combat the loose federation of outlaw Cowboys in Cochise County , General William T. Sherman , following a tour of Arizona 's eastern and southern counties , recommended suspension of the Posse Comitatus Act to allow the U.S. Army to aid in restoring order . Based upon the recommendations of Sherman and Tritle , and following consultation with members of the U.S. Senate , President Arthur issued a May 3 , 1882 decree threatening to use military force if the criminal element did not disperse . Use of the U.S. Army to enforce the law was not necessary as the outlaw Cowboy problem diminished over the next few months .
Tritle was concerned with the development of Arizona 's natural resources . Due to their background , mining was of utmost interest to the governor . Recognizing the potential for timber resources to aid the local economy , they asked the 12th Arizona Territorial Legislature to regulate use of the territory 's forests . To aid with water needs , Tritle asked the legislature to appropriate funds for building artesian wells . In addition they recommended that lakes and rivers throughout the territory be stocked with appropriate fish and that railroads connecting the northern and southern sections of the territory be built . To advertise Arizona 's potential to easterners , Tritle oversaw the creation of a display at the World Cotton Centennial in New Orleans .
The influx of Mormon settlers to the territory during Tritle 's administration caused concerns through the territory . About 2000 Mormon settlers had arrived in Arizona Territory during 1884 , raising their totals to 5000 settlers , and their political opponents suspected the LDS Church was trying to create a large enough voting block to take over Arizona ( At the time a majority of Idaho 's legislature was Mormon and the church had been able to determine Wyoming 's delegate to Congress ) . In response to the influx , five of the settlers were tried and convicted of polygamy . Political response to the convictions was largely favorable , with the New York Times writing , `` This is a very good beginning . If there are among the new settlers other men who have violated the law they should be promptly prosecuted and sent to the penitentiary . In no other way can the growth of polygamy in Arizona be checked . ''
The final major event of Tritle 's administration was the 13th Arizona Territorial Legislature , nicknamed the `` Thieving Thirteenth '' . While the governor was never directly linked to any corruption , their association with the session damaged their reputation and caused their popularity to plummet . A petition was even circulated calling for Tritle to be criminally prosecuted for signing off on the session 's printing and clerical aid expenses . The sharp drop of popular support was not the reason Tritle left office however . With incoming President Grover Cleveland taking office , Tritle submitted their resignation on October 7 , 1885 , to allow for a member of the new president 's political party to be appointed as governor .
After office
After leaving office , Tritle stayed in Prescott . They were suggested as a candidate for territorial delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1886 and was a delegate to Arizona 's 1891 constitutional convention . Beginning in January 1895 , Tritle served a two-year term as Yavapai County recorder and was appointed supervisor of the 1900 census within Arizona by President McKinley . Following their work on the census , Tritle 's health declined and they moved to Phoenix to live with one of their sons . Tritle died in Phoenix on November 18 , 1906 , and was given an Episcopalian and Knights Templar funeral . They are buried in Greenwood/Memory Lawn Mortuary & Cemetery in Phoenix . Tritle Peak in the northeast part of Grand Canyon National Park and Mount Tritle in the Bradshaw Mountains south of Prescott are both named for him .
References
Nevada state senators
1833 births
1906 deaths
People from Chambersburg , Pennsylvania
Governors of Arizona Territory
Arizona Republicans
Nevada Republicans
Arizona pioneers
19th-century American politicians
The Cougar C28 was a Group C sports car prototype used in the World Sports-Prototype Championship sports car racing series in 1992 . Power came from a 3.0-liter Porsche 6-cylinder turbocharged engine . It managed to achieve an impressive 3 podium finishes and 1 class win . Highlights include an overall 6th-place finish at that year 's prestigious 24 Hours of Le Mans , two third-place finishes and a sixth-place finish for Tomas Saldaña at the Interserie races in Jarama , Zeltweg , and Brands Hatch ( respectively ) , and a third-place finish for Marco Brand at the Interserie race in Mugello .
References
Le Mans Prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Porsche vehicles
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
Mid-engined cars
Sports prototypes
Cars introduced in 1992
Cars of France
Cars powered by boxer engines
Group C
Penumbra , Inc. is a medical device company headquartered in Alameda , California . The company was founded by Arani Bose and Adam Elsesser in 2004 . It manufactures devices for interventional therapies to treat vascular conditions such as stroke and aneurism .
History
Penumbra initially focused on treatments for ischemic stroke . In 2015 the company issued an IPO on the NYSE . In 2018 the company acquired 40 % of the outstanding shares of virtual reality joint venture MVI Health . In 2017 the company acquired the Italian distributor Crossmed .
Criticism
Criticism of Penumbra has followed various aspects of its products and business practices . In 2016 a lawsuit claimed the Penumbra Coil 400 caused brain damage after surgery . The company 's specialized catheter has been linked to the deaths of stroke patients , and it was a target of stock short sellers in 2020 . According to the Foundation for Financial Journalism , this is a significant dilemma .
A request has been sent to The SEC and U.S. Food and Drug Administration to launch an investigation . A scientist who has published research articles showing the reliability of Penumbra 's medical products is ( allegedly ) an internet fabrication .
Recalls
In 2011 the company recalled its Penumbra Coil 400 . In 2017 the company recalled a 3D revascularization device . In 2020 the company recalled one of its catheter used during heart surgery due to increased risk of mortality and serious injury .
References
Medical device manufacturers
Companies based in Alameda , California
American companies established in 2004
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Mike Carlucci is an American actor and professional sports announcer . They are best known for their work as a P.A . announcer for the Los Angeles Dodgers , the Anaheim Ducks , several Olympics , and the Los Angeles Kings , as well as various sports video games for Sony Computer Entertainment including MLB : The Show ( 22 years as the Stadium Voice ) . They are also a stand-up comedian . Carlucci is a member of The TV Academy of Arts & Sciences , and won a Society of Voice Arts & Sciences award for their work on Call of Duty : Black Ops III . They are also the President of the Part-Time faculty union at the Coast College District ; Coast CCA .
Public-Address Announcer Highlights
Los Angeles Dodgers- Public-address announcer ( 10 seasons )
New York Yankees- Fill-in Public-address announcer ( 2006-2009 )
Anaheim Ducks- Public-address announcer ( 5 total seasons 1994-'97 & 2007-09 )
Los Angeles Kings- Public-address announcer ( 1997-2006 )
2020 Summer Olympics- Baseball Public-address announcer
2019 Premier 12 Baseball Tourney- Public address announcer
2019 Pan American Games- Public address announcer
2018 FIFA World Cup Russia - Soccer Public-address announcer
2015 Premier 12 Baseball Tourney- Public-address announcer
2018 Winter Olympics- Hockey Public-address announcer
2016 Summer Olympics- Badminton Public-address announcer
2005 World Baseball Championships Holland- Public-address announcer
2008 Summer Olympics- Baseball Public-address announcer
2004 Summer Olympics- Baseball Public-address announcer
2002 Winter Olympics- Hockey Public-address announcer
San Diego Gulls- Public-address announcer ( 6 seasons )
Video Game Voiceover Highlights
NBA 06 The LIfe- P.A . Announcer
NBA 07 The Life- P.A . Announcer
NBA 08 The Life- P.A . Announcer
NBA 09 : The Inside- P.A . Announcer
NBA 10 : The Inside-P.A . Announcer
GRETZKY NHL 05-06- P.A . Announcer
NHL 2K3- Play-by-Play Announcer
NBA ShootOut 98-2005- P.A . Announcer
MLB 98-05- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 06 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 07 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 08 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 09 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 10 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 11 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 12 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 13 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 14 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB 15 : The Show- P.A . AnnouncerMLB The Show 16- P.A . AnnouncerMLB The Show 17- P.A . AnnouncerMLB The Show 18- P.A . AnnouncerNCAA Gamebreaker 98-2004- P.A . Announcer
NFL Gameday '98-2000- P.A . Announcer
NHL Faceoff 97-2002- P.A . Announcer
Pac-Man World- Evil-type Character
Saints Row : The Third- Zach
VR Baseball I & II- P.A . Announcer
Saints Row IV- Zach
Titan : Dawn- General Augusten & Vjorn
Call of Duty : Black Ops III-Promo Announcer
Movie and Television Highlights
Power Rangers Movie-Football Announcer
Ray Donovan-Boxing Commentator
The X-Species- Professor Jared McKinney
Broken : A Musical-Dirk 's Dad
We Are Your Friends - Smoker
Drew Peterson : Untouchable-Jay in the AM
The Muppets-Scout Troop Leader
The Open Road- Baseball PBP Announcer
The Air I Breathe- Horse Race Announcer
Tim and Eric 's Awesome Show- Husband
Tom Goes to the Mayor- Curious Dave
Art School Confidential- Father
Firewall- Television Weatherman
Glory Road- College Basketball PBP Announcer & Audio Consultant
Believe in Me- College Basketball PBP Announcer
Two for the Money- Football PBP Announcer
The Honeymooners- World Series Color Commentator
61 * - Baltimore P.A . Announcer
Bounce- Stadium P.A . Announcer
Casual Sex- Fitness Patron
Masters of the Universe- Warlord
Defense Play- Campus Policeman
The King of Queens- Weatherman
Two of a Kind- Stadium P.A . Announcer
The Norm Show- Hockey Analyst
Hunter- Police Officer
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
American sports announcers
Zirab ( , also Romanized as Zīr Āb ) is a city in
Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
It is located in the Alborz ( Elburz ) mountain range .
At the 2006 census , its population was 18,216 , in 4,764 families .
References
Cities in Mazandaran Province
Settled areas of Elburz
Sir Giles Goosecap is an early 17th-century stage play , a comedy first published , anonymously , in 1606 . Consensus scholarship attributes the play 's authorship to George Chapman .
Date , performance , publication
The play was entered into the Stationers ' Register on 10 January 1606 and was published later that year in a quarto printed by John Windet for the bookseller Edward Blount . The title page of the quarto states that the play was acted by the Children of the Chapel , a production that most likely occurred in the 1601–3 period . ( The Children of the Chapel were known by that name only in the company 's first three years of existence , before the theatres closed in May 1603 due to an epidemic of bubonic plague . When the theatres re-opened , the company was known as the Children of the Queen 's Revels or variations thereof . ) The play was revived in the mid-1630s at the Salisbury Court Theatre ; a second quarto followed that revival , issued in 1636 by Hugh Perry and Roger Bell .
Authorship
19th-century critics noted the resemblances between Sir Giles Goosecap and Chapman 's acknowledged comedies . The case for Chapman 's authorship was stated persuasively by T. M. Parrott in 1906 . Parrott 's attribution essay has come to be regarded as among the best of its kind , and its conclusion has won general acceptance ; even Samuel Schoenbaum , a prominent critic of authorship studies in general , conceded that Parrott 's argument was likely valid .
The plot
The play centers on the melancholic poet-lover Clarence and their relationship with their mistress , the Countess Eugenia . Lord Momford , Eugenia 's uncle , helps to treat and cure Clarence 's depression by aiding them in the realisation of their bond with Eugenia . The supporting characters conform to greater or lesser degrees to the concept of humours comedy that Chapman had introduced in their An Humorous Day 's Mirth ( 1597 ) ; Captain Foulweather , for example , is an extreme Francophile who not only embraces French ways but rejects English manners — and English women .
Superficially , the play is a farce about `` gulled knights and waggish servants , '' though it has also been perceived to possess deeper levels of meaning ; critics have judged it a `` rarefied , pedantic neo-platonic allegory '' as well as `` a modern dress version of the Troilus story , based primarily on Chaucer 's account and on Estienne Tabourot 's Les apothegmes du sieur Gaulard . ''
References
External links
The play text online .
English Renaissance plays
1600s plays
At the 2004 Pan Arab Games , the athletics events were held at the Stade 5 Juillet 1962 in Algiers , Algeria from 4 to 8 October 2004 . A total of 45 events were contested , of which 23 by male and 22 by female athletes . The host country topped the medal table having won 16 gold medals and 34 medals overall . Second placed Morocco , with seven golds , had the greatest number of medals overall with a total of 35 . Tunisia was third with sixteen medals in total , seven of which were gold . Eleven new Games records were set over the course of the five-day competition .
Baya Rahouli—an Algiers native and 2004 Summer Olympics finalist—was the most successful athlete of the Games , winning four golds ( 100 metres , 100 metres hurdles , long jump and triple jump ) and setting two Games records . Seventeen-year-old Mona Jabir Adam Ahmed of Sudan won the 400 metres in personal best time , and also won a 200 metres silver . Todd Matthews-Jouda , a former American athlete , appeared to break the African record in the 110 metres hurdles , but this was later revised to 13.45 seconds – a Games record regardless . Hamed Hamadan Al-Bishi set a personal best for the 200 m Pan Arab title and went on to help both the Saudi Arabian relay teams to gold medals .
Algerian Nahida Touhami won two golds in the women 's 800 metres and 1500 metres while long-distance compatriot Souad Aït Salem went one further , doing a 5000/10,000 metres double before taking a third gold in the half marathon . Amina Aït Hammou of Morocco won two silver medals in the women 's 400 m and 800 m events . The women on the heptathlon podium all repeated their combined events medals in the individual disciplines . The event winner—Sarah Bouaoudia—set a Games record to win the high jump , runner-up Imen Chatbri took another silver in the javelin , while bronze medallist Zahra Lachguer was also third in the 400 metres hurdles .
Records
In addition to the records set by medalling athletes at the 2004 Games , the following records were set by others competing in Algiers :
Medal summary
Men
Women
AR † = Arab record
Medal table
Participation
A total of 20 countries were represented in the athletics competition . Of the countries which had previously competed at the Pan Arab Games , Somalia and Comoros were the two nations which were not represented in the competition .
References
Results
10e Jeux PANARABES . Fédération Tunisienne d'Athlétisme . Retrieved on 2010-07-17 .
Daily reports
Aldama beaten by Rahouli in Pan-Arab Games - Day One . IAAF ( 2004-10-05 ) . Retrieved on 2010-07-18 .
Saudi and Sudanese one-lap stars celebrate in Pan-Arab Games - Day Two . IAAF ( 2004-10-06 ) . Retrieved on 2010-07-18 .
Rahouli triumphs with third gold in Pan-Arab Games – Day 3 . IAAF ( 2004-10-07 ) . Retrieved on 2010-07-18 .
Matthews hurdles 13.21 , Kamel wins 800m , Al Bishi doubles , and Rahouli takes fourth title in Pan-Arab Games – Day 4 . IAAF ( 2004-10-08 ) . Retrieved on 2010-07-18 .
Moroccan and Algerian half marathon victories close Pan-Arab Games - Final Day . IAAF ( 2004-10-09 ) . Retrieved on 2010-07-18 .
External links
Archived website
All Pan Arab champions from GBR Athletics
2004 Pan Arab Games
Pan Arab Games
2004
2004
Susan Daitch is an American novelist and short story writer . In 1996 David Foster Wallace called them `` one of the most intelligent and attentive writers at work in the U.S . today . ''
Biography
Susan Daitch graduated from Barnard College and attended the Whitney Museum Independent Study Program .
They are the author of six novels and a collection of short stories .
Them work has appeared in Guernica , Bomb , Pacific Review , The Barcelona Review , , Fault Magazine , Rain Taxi , , Tablet. , Tin House , McSweeney 's , Bomb , Conjunctions , The Norton Anthology of Postmodern American Fiction , and elsewhere .
Them novel , Siege of Comedians was listed as one of the best books of 2021 in The Wall Street Journal .
They taught at Barnard College , Columbia University , and the Iowa Writers ' Workshop .
They teach at Hunter College .
They were a 2012 New York Foundation for the Arts Fellow .
They are a supporter of Women for Afghan Women .
They live in Brooklyn .
Bibliography
L.C . Harcourt Brace Jovanovich , 1987 ; Dalkey Archive Press , 2002
The Colorist . Vintage Contemporaries , 1990
Storytown : Stories . Dalkey Archive Press , 1996
Paper Conspiracies . City Lights Books , 2011
Fall Out . Madras Press , 2013
The Lost Civilization of Suolucidir . City Lights Books , 2016
White Lead : A Novel of Suspense . Alibi , 2016 ( e-book )
Siege of Comedians . Dzanc Books , 2021
References
Further reading
External links
Official site
Living people
American women novelists
American women short story writers
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
Barnard College alumni
Barnard College faculty
Columbia University faculty
Iowa Writers ' Workshop faculty
Hunter College faculty
Writers from Brooklyn
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
Novelists from New York ( state )
Novelists from Iowa
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Emma Willard School alumni
American women academics
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Miguel is a suffragan diocese of the Buenos Aires . It was established by Pope Paul VI on 11 July 1978 .
Bishops
Ordinaries
Horacio Alberto Bózzoli ( 1978–1983 ) , appointed Archbishop of Tucumán
José Manuel Lorenzo ( 1983–1994 )
Abelardo Francisco Silva ( 1994–2000 )
José Luis Mollaghan ( 2000–2005 ) , appointed Archbishop of Rosario
Sergio Alfredo Fenoy ( 2006–2018 ) , appointed Archbishop of Santa Fe de la Vera Cruz
Damián Nannini ( 2018–present )
Coadjutor bishop
Abelardo Francisco Silva ( 1994 )
Other priest of this diocese who became bishop
Nicolás Baisi , appointed Auxiliary Bishop of La Plata in 2010
References
Catholic Hierarchy
San Miguel
San Miguel
San Miguel
San Miguel
Efavirenz/lamivudine/tenofovir ( EFV/3TC/TDF ) , sold under the brand name Symfi among others , is a fixed-dose combination antiretroviral medication for the treatment of HIV/AIDS . It combines efavirenz , lamivudine , and tenofovir disoproxil . , it is listed by the World Health Organization as an alternative first line option to dolutegravir/lamivudine/tenofovir . It is taken by mouth .
Side effects can include joint pain , sleepiness , headaches , depression , trouble sleeping , and itchiness . Severe side effects may include depression , psychosis , or osteonecrosis . In those with a history of epilepsy , it may increase the frequency of seizures . Greater care should also be taken in those with kidney problems . Its use during pregnancy appears to be unsafe .
It is on the World Health Organization 's List of Essential Medicines . The combination received tentative approval in the United States in 2014 , and was granted approval in February 2018 . Its availability and importance is supported by Medecins Sans Frontieres . It is available as a generic medication .
References
External links
Fixed dose combination ( antiretroviral )
World Health Organization essential medicines
Wikipedia medicine articles ready to translate
Charles Garnett may refer to :
Charles Garnett ( cricketer ) ( 1840–1919 ) , English cricketer
Charles Garnett , High Sheriff of Wiltshire
Charles Garnett , character in Z Nation
Alexander Macmillan may refer to :
Alexander MacMillan ( publisher ) ( 1818–1896 ) , co-founder of Macmillan Publishers
Alexander Macmillan , 2nd Earl of Stockton ( born 1943 ) , descendant and former chairperson of Macmillan Publishers
Alexander Hugh Macmillan ( 1877–1966 ) , member of the Watch Tower Bible & Tract Society Board of Directors in 1918
Alexander Stirling MacMillan ( 1871–1955 ) , Canadian politician in Nova Scotia
Alex McMillan ( born 1932 ) , American politician from North Carolina
Alexander McMillan ( North Carolina politician ) ( died 1817 ) , American politician from North Carolina
Alexander McMillan ( Wisconsin pioneer ) ( 1825–1901 ) , American politician in Wisconsin
Alexander Macmillan ( born 1927 ) , Canadian engineer
Shuman may refer to :
People
Surname
Buddy Shuman ( 1915–1955 ) , professional auto racer
Frank Shuman ( 1862–1918 ) , American inventor , engineer and solar energy pioneer
Frederick Gale Shuman ( 1919–2005 ) , numerical weather prediction pioneer
Harry Shuman ( 1915–1996 ) , Major League Baseball player
Kerri Shuman , American bridge player
Mort Shuman ( 1936–1991 ) , American singer , pianist , and songwriter
Michael Shuman , American rock musician , bass guitarist for Queens of the Stone Age
René Shuman , Dutch singer
Given name
Shuman Ghosemajumder , technologist , business person
Other uses
Shūman , the nickname for Weekly Manga Times , a manga magazine in Japan
Shuman , Hebrew for fat , in particular to denote kosher fat as opposed to cheilev which may not be eaten
Shuman , a possible former name of Dushanbe
See also
Robert Schuman University , Strasbourg , France
Robert Schumann ( 1810-1856 ) , German composer
Schumann ( disambiguation )
Schoeman ( surname )
Shumann
This is a list of wars involving the Italian Republic and its predecessor states since the proclamation of the Kingdom of Italy on 17 March 1861 , but does not include wars fought by the historic states of Italy . The result of these conflicts follows this legend :
Ancient Rome
Italian Wars of Unification
The Risorgimento movement emerged to unite Italy in the 19th century . Piedmont-Sardinia took the lead in a series of wars to liberate Italy from foreign control . Following three Wars of Italian Independence against the Habsburg Austrians in the north , the Expedition of the Thousand against the Spanish Bourbons in the south , and the Capture of Rome , the unification of the country was completed in 1871 when Rome was declared capital of Italy .
Kingdom of Italy ( 1861-1946 )
Italian Republic ( 1946-present )
See also
History of Italy
Military history of Italy
References
Italy
Wars
Wars
José Magalhães ( born 30 October 1954 ) is a Portuguese racewalker . They competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics .
References
1954 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Portuguese male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Portugal
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Besovets ( ; , ; ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Prionezhsky District of the Republic of Karelia , Russia . Municipally , it is a part of the Shuyskoye Rural Settlement of Prionezhsky Municipal District .
It is located in the vicinity of the capital of Karelia , Petrozavodsk , on the Shuya River . The Petrozavodsk–Suoyarvi highway passes through the village .
Petrozavodsk airport is located in close proximity to the village .
History
The village was founded in the 16th century .
On June 20 , 2011 , RusAir Flight 9605 crashed near Besovets while on approach to Petrozavodsk Airport , killing forty-five and injuring seven people .
Population
In 2009 the village had a population of 120 people .
Gallery
References
Rural localities in the Republic of Karelia
Jaime Morgan Stubbe , the last Executive Director of the Puerto Rico Maritime Authority or `` Navieras de Puerto Rico ' , is currently the President of Palmas del Mar , Inc. , the real estate developer that owns and operates the Palmas del Mar residential and tourist complex in Humacao , Puerto Rico . They and their wife , artist Jochefi Morgan , live in Guaynabo , Puerto Rico , with their children , Jaime , Regina , and Alejandro .
Education
A 1976 graduate of Colegio Marista in their hometown Guaynabo , Puerto Rico , they obtained in May , 1980 their bachelor 's degree at Tulane University in New Orleans , Louisiana , where they were elected president of Tulane 's Latin and American Students Association ( LASA ) , before pursuing their law degree , specializing in admiralty , or maritime law .
Public service
Appointed by the Governor of Puerto Rico , Pedro Rossello in 1993 , as Executive Director of Navieras , they were responsible for the privatization of Navieras de Puerto Rico , an entity created in the 1970s when during the first administration of Governor Rafael Hernández Colón the government of Puerto Rico bought out the assets of the largest shipping line serving the mainland United States-Puerto Rico market . The entity never turned a profit in 20 years of operation .
Morgan Stubbe subsequently in 1994 was appointed by the Governor to serve as Administrator of the Puerto Rico Economic Development Administration and Chairman and CEO of Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company under Puerto Rico 's first Secretary of Economic Development and Commerce , Luis Fortuño , during Governor Pedro Rosselló 's first term in office , where they helped fine-tune Puerto Rico 's economic development strategy as Congress did away with the multibillion-dollar per year federal tax incentives for Puerto Rico manufacturing activity codified under Section 936 of the federal Internal Revenue Code and helped fashion the transitional wage credit that substituted Section 936 , codified as Section 30A of the Code . They co-authored the 1998 Industrial Incentives Act , merged the Puerto Rico Economic Development Administration into the Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company reducing redundancy , cutting operating costs and streamlining the agencies job and investment creation processes . They also served in multiple boards such as Science and Technology ( President ) , Economic Development Bank ( Vice-President ) , Ports Authority , AFICA , Foreign Exports Board , Land Authority and others .
Professional life
Prior to entering public service , Morgan Stubbe was an active practitioner of maritime law in Puerto Rico , mostly in the U.S Federal Court . They also counseled corporate clients on real estate and tax matters . After leaving government service , they have reenergized and dramatically expanded the size of the Palmas del Mar community , as president of the real estate and resort development company , Palmas del Mar Properties , Inc , ( PDMPI ) for almost a decade . PDMPI is the Master Plan developer for this coastal resort community . They are President of the Board of Directors of Palmas del Mar Utility , Inc which operates this community 's water system and also is the President of the Palmas del Mar Architectural Review Board . They were elected in 2007 to the Board of Directors of Triple S Management Corp. ( TSM ) , one of the largest Puerto Rican publicly traded corporations ( $ 1.5Bn in revenues in '07 ) , serves as Vice-Chairman of Seguros Triple S ( TSM 's Property & Casualty subsidiary ) ; Member of the Board of the Puerto Rico Homebuilders Association since 2000 and Trustee of The Palmas Academy since 2000 .
References
External links
Secinfo.com
Rootsweb.com
Sources
The Tulane Jambalaya Yearbook , Vol . 85 , Bob Kottler , editor
American real estate businesspeople
Puerto Rican people of German descent
People from Guaynabo , Puerto Rico
Tulane University alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
European Minigolf Sport Federation - EMF is the umbrella organisation of minigolf players throughout Europe , members are national minigolf federations .
Members
See also
Minigolf
References
External links
Official website
Miniature golf
Golf associations
Golf in Europe
European sports federations
Jasna Diklić ( born March 8 , 1946 ) is a Bosnian theatre and film actor . They were born in Sarajevo . Them mother was also an actor and a puppeteer . Diklić 's first theatre experiences began at MESS Festival 's experimental theatre studio , after which they proceeded to study acting at the Department of Performing Arts in Sarajevo .
They were first engaged professionally by Banja Luka 's National Theatre in 1969 . Shortly thereafter , they were hired by a small Sarajevo theatre presently known as Kamerni Teatar 55 .
They have appeared in over 150 theatre and film roles . They have won a number of awards for their roles and is one of the founders of The Sarajevo War Theatre .
In 2017 , they have signed the Declaration on the Common Language of the Croats , Serbs , Bosniaks and Montenegrins .
Filmography
Kriza ( TV series )
Shanghai Gypsy
Lud , zbunjen , normalan ( TV series )
Belvedere
As If I Am Not There
Krv nije voda ( TV series )
Pecat ( TV series )
Ritam zivota
Duhovi Sarajeva
Viza za budućnost ( TV series )
Skies Above the Landscape
Well Tempered Corpses
Crna hronika ( TV series )
Viza za buducnost : Novogodisnji special ( TV movie )
Fuse
Remake
Viza za buducnost : Novogodisnji special ( TV movie )
Strijelac ( TV movie )
The Perfect Circle
Sarajevske price ( TV series )
Zagubljen govor ( TV series )
I Ada
Brisani prostor ( TV series )
Vatrogasac ( TV movie )
Rascereceni ( TV movie )
Shepherd
Udji , ako hoces
References
External links
Living people
20th-century Bosnia and Herzegovina actores
Actresses from Sarajevo
1946 births
21st-century Bosnia and Herzegovina actores
Bosnia and Herzegovina film actores
Bosnia and Herzegovina stage actores
Signatories of the Declaration on the Common Language
The Universal House of Justice ( ) is the nine-member supreme ruling body of the Baháʼí Faith . It was envisioned by Baháʼu'lláh , the founder of the Baháʼí Faith , as an institution that could legislate on issues not already addressed in the Baháʼí writings , providing flexibility for the Baháʼí Faith to adapt to changing conditions . It was first elected in 1963 , and subsequently every five years , by delegates consisting of the members of Baháʼí National Spiritual Assemblies throughout the world .
The Universal House of Justice , as the head of the religion , has provided direction to the worldwide Baháʼí community primarily through a series of multi-year plans , as well as through annual messages delivered during the Ridván festival . The messages have focused on increasing the number of Local Spiritual Assemblies , translating Baháʼí literature , establishing Baháʼí Centres , completing Baháʼí Houses of Worship , holding international conferences , and developing educational systems to enhance literacy , the role of women , spirituality for children and youth , family life , social and economic development , and communal worship . The Universal House of Justice has also played a role in responding to systemic persecution of Baháʼís in Iran by garnering worldwide media attention .
The books and documents published by the Universal House of Justice are considered authoritative and its legislative decisions are considered infallible by Baháʼís . Although it is empowered to legislate on matters that are not addressed in the Baha ' i holy writings , the Universal House of Justice has rarely exercised this function .
The Seat of the Universal House of Justice and its members reside in Haifa , Israel , on the slope of Mount Carmel . The most recent election was 29 April 2018 . Although all other elected and appointed roles in the Baháʼí Faith are open to men and women , membership on the Universal House of Justice is male-only ; the Baháʼí writings indicate that the reason for this will become clear in the future .
History
Baháʼu'lláh , the founder of the Baháʼí Faith , in their book the Kitáb-i-Aqdas first ordains the institution of the House of Justice and defines its functions . The institution 's responsibilities are also expanded on and referred to in several others of Baháʼu'lláh 's writings including in their Tablets of Baháʼu'lláh . In those writings Baháʼu'lláh writes that the Universal House of Justice would assume authority over the religion , and would consider matters that had not been covered by himself ; they stated that the members of the institution would be assured of divine inspiration , and have the regard for all peoples and safe-guard their honour .
Later , ʻAbdu ' l-Bahá , Baháʼu'lláh 's son and successor , in their Will and Testament , elaborated on its functioning , its composition and outlined the method for its election . They wrote that the Universal House of Justice would be under Baháʼu'lláh 's protection , that it would be freed of error , and that obedience to it would be obligatory . ʻAbdu ' l-Bahá first used the term `` Universal House of Justice '' to distinguish the supreme body from those local 'Houses of Justice ' to be established in each community , and the secondary 'Houses of Justice ' ( current Baháʼí national spiritual assemblies ) . They also stated that the institution 's decisions could be by majority vote , but that unanimous decisions were preferred , and that it would be elected by the members of the secondary Houses of Justice . They also confirmed Baháʼu'lláh 's statements that although women and men are spiritually equal , membership on the Universal House of Justice would be confined to men , and that the wisdom behind this decision would become apparent in the future ( see Baháʼí Faith and gender equality ) .
While both ʻAbdu ' l-Bahá and Shoghi Effendi , heads of the religion after Baháʼu'lláh , considered establishing the Universal House of Justice , they both declined to do so . Shoghi Effendi 's reason was due to their belief in the weakness of the existing Baháʼí institutions — there were a very limited number of national spiritual assemblies and local spiritual assemblies . Thus during their lifetime , Shoghi Effendi prepared for the election of the Universal House of Justice , by establishing a strong administrative structure at the local and national levels . In 1951 when there were 9 National Spiritual Assemblies , Shoghi Effendi appointed members to the International Baháʼí Council , and described it as an embryonic international House of Justice . After Shoghi Effendi 's unexpected death in 1957 , the Hands of the Cause directed the affairs of the religion and announced that the election of the Universal House of Justice would occur in 1963 at the end of the Ten Year Crusade , an international teaching plan instituted by Shoghi Effendi .
In 1961 the International Baháʼí Council was changed to an elected body , with members of all National Spiritual Assemblies voting for its members . Then in April 1963 , the first Universal House of Justice was elected , six years after the passing of Shoghi Effendi , by 56 National Spiritual Assemblies . The date of the election coincided with the completion of the Ten Year Crusade and also with the first centenary anniversary of the public declaration of Baháʼu'lláh in the Garden of Ridván in April 1863 . Since then the Universal House of Justice has acted as the head of the religion – individual members have no authority , only as an assembly do they have authority . In 1972 it published its constitution .
Election process
The Universal House of Justice is elected through secret ballot and plurality vote in a three-stage election by adult Baháʼís throughout the world . The House of Justice is elected without nominations or campaigning and all adult male members of the Baháʼí Faith are eligible for election to the House . The body is elected every five years during a convention of the members of the various National or Regional Spiritual Assemblies ( NSAs ) across the world . Each member of the various NSAs , who were themselves elected by the Baháʼís of their country , votes for nine adult male Baháʼís . Absentee ballots are mailed or carried by delegates . The nine people who have the most votes are elected onto the Universal House of Justice .
In 2013 , in addition to those present in Haifa , approximately 400 absentee ballots were cast , taking the total number of ballots cast to over 1500 . This election marked the 50th anniversary of the first election of the Universal House of Justice in 1963 .
The most recent full election was on 29 April 2018 .
Responsibilities
The Universal House of Justice today guides the growth and development of the global Baháʼí community . The general functions of the Universal House of Justice , as stated by Baháʼu'lláh , include to promulgate the cause of God , to preserve the law , to administer social affairs , to educate the people 's souls , to guarantee the education of children , to make the entire world prosperous ( eliminate extremes of wealth and poverty ) , and to care for the elderly and the ill who are in poverty . According to its constitution , the Universal House of Justice itself states that `` The provenance , the authority , the duties , the sphere of action of the Universal House of Justice all derive from the revealed Word of Baháʼu'lláh which , together with the interpretations and expositions of ʻAbdu ' l-Bahá and of Shoghi Effendi ... constitute the binding terms of reference of the Universal House of Justice and are its bedrock foundation . '' Some of the powers and duties according to the constitution include :
Promoting the spiritual qualities that characterize Baháʼí life individually and collectively
Preserving , translating and publishing Baháʼí sacred texts
Defending and protecting the global Baháʼí community from repression and persecution
Preserving and developing the world spiritual and administrative centre of the Baháʼí Faith
Encouraging the growth and maturation of the Baháʼí community and administration
Safeguarding individual personal rights , freedoms and initiatives
Applying Baháʼí principles and laws
Developing , abrogating and changing laws that are not recorded in the Baháʼí sacred texts , according to the requirements of the time
Pronouncing sanctions against violations of Baháʼí law
Adjudicating and arbitrating of disputes referred to it
Administrating all religious funds and endowments such as Huqúqu'lláh that are entrusted to its care
Furthermore , the Universal House of Justice is instructed by Baháʼu'lláh to exert a positive influence on the general welfare of humankind , to promote a permanent peace among the nations of the world , ensure the `` training of peoples , the up building of nations , the protection of man and the safeguarding of their honour '' . The Universal House of Justice is supported by the elected national and local governing bodies of the Baháʼí Faith , ( the National Spiritual Assemblies and Local Spiritual Assemblies respectively ) . It has , furthermore , created several appointed institutions to support its work around the world ; among these are the Continental Board of Counsellors and the International Teaching Centre .
Jurisdiction
The Universal House of Justice is also given the responsibility of adapting the Baháʼí Faith as society progresses , and is thus given the power to legislate on matters not explicitly covered in the Baháʼí sacred texts . While the Universal House of Justice is authorized to change or repeal its own legislation as conditions change , it can not dissolve or change any of the laws which are explicitly written in the sacred texts . Shoghi Effendi has written :
In the same book , Shoghi Effendi mentions that certain issues were left intentionally for the House of Justice to apply and legislate on as time progressed :
Publications
While being empowered to legislate on matters , the Universal House of Justice has , since its inception in 1963 , limited its exercise of this function . Instead , it has provided general guidance to Baháʼís around the world , and not specific laws ; this guidance has generally been through the form of letters and messages , much like Shoghi Effendi 's communications . Many of these letters have been published in compilations and are regarded as divinely empowered and authoritative ; its legislative decisions are considered infallible to Baháʼís . The letters cover a range of subjects including teaching , prayer , family life , education and Baháʼí administration . Each year on the first day of Ridván ( which may be on April 20 or 21 depending on the dating of Naw-Rúz ) , the Universal House of Justice addresses a message to the worldwide Baháʼí community , known as Ridván messages .
The institution has also collected and published extracts from the writings of the Báb , Baháʼu'lláh and ʻAbdu ' l-Bahá . In 1992 they published the Kitáb-i-Aqdas , Baháʼu'lláh 's book of laws in English , and further translations have since been published . During these endeavours , they established departments of research and archives at the Baháʼí World Centre , and , as of 1983 , have collected over 60,000 letters of Baháʼu'lláh , ʻAbdu ' l-Bahá and Shoghi Effendi . These collected works have been used as a base in the deliberations of the Universal House of Justice .
The Promise of World Peace ( 1985 )
Statement addressed `` To the Peoples of the World '' , presented to over 160 heads of state and government . It outlines the major prerequisites for , as well as the obstacles working against , the establishment of world peace .
Baháʼu'lláh ( 1992 )
Marking the centenary of the passing of Baháʼu'lláh , this statement is a review of their life and work .
The Prosperity of Humankind ( 1995 )
A statement on the concept of global prosperity in the context of the Baháʼí Teachings .
Century of Light ( 2001 )
Review of the 20th century , focusing on dramatic changes and the emergence of the Baha ' i Faith from obscurity .
Letter to the World 's Religious Leaders ( 2002 )
Letter addressing the disease of sectarian hatreds . Calling on all religious movements to `` rise above fixed conceptions inherited from a distant past . ''
One Common Faith ( 2005 )
Document primarily intended for a Baháʼí audience , in which it identifies as a major challenge for the Baháʼí community the inculcation of the principle of the oneness of religion and the overcoming of religious prejudices .
Current members
All of the current members of the Universal House of Justice previously served as members of the International Teaching Centre . They are :
Paul Lample ( 2005 )
Payman Mohajer ( 2005 )
Shahriar Razavi ( 2008 )
Stephen Birkland ( 2010 )
Stephen Hall ( 2010 )
Ayman Rouhani ( 2013 )
Chuungu Malitonga ( 2013 )
Juan Francisco Mora ( 2018 )
Praveen Mallik ( 2018 )
Past members
The initial election in 1963 drew five members from the International Baháʼí Council , two from the National Spiritual Assembly ( NSA ) of the United States , one from the NSA of Britain , and one from the NSA of India .
Members are entered in the table under the year when they were first elected . Starting with the first election in 1963 , regular elections of the entire membership have occurred every five years , and there have been five by-elections , noted in the table with italics , in 1982 , 1987 , 2000 , 2005 and 2010 . All members have continued to serve after re-election in subsequent conventions . Amoz Gibson , Charles Wolcott , and Adib Taherzadeh died while in office while the other former members were allowed to retire .
Farzam Arbab ( October 27 , 1941 - September 25 , 2020 ) , born in Tehran , Iran was a member from 1993 until they relinquished their membership in 2013 , at the age of 71 .
See also
Baha ' i Administrative Order
Notes
References
Further reading
Compilation ( 2021 ) . The Universal House of Justice .
External links
Official website
Bahai.org : Messages of the Universal House of Justice
Bahai Library : Documents related to the Universal House of Justice
Ridván Messages - A complete historical reference ( multilingual )
Messages of the Universal House of Justice ( includes letters to the Baháʼís of Iran ; in English and Persian )
Bahá ' í institutions
1963 establishments in Israel
Buildings and structures in Haifa
Religion in Haifa
Governing assemblies of religious organizations
Religious organizations based in Israel
Frank Twyman ( 17 November 1876 – 6 March 1959 ) was a British designer of optical instruments and co-inventor of the Twyman–Green interferometer .
Early life
Twyman was born in Canterbury , Kent , England on 17 November 1876 , the seventh child of nine to Jane Lefevre and ropemaker George Edmund Twyman . They attended Simon Langton School before doing an electrical engineering course at Finsbury Technical College , followed by a Siemens scholarship at Central Technical College in London . In 1897 they co-authored their first scientific paper .
Career
Twyman worked briefly for the Fowler Waring Cables Company testing telephone cables , before beginning work in 1898 for optical instrument manufacturing firm Adam Hilger as an assistant to Otto Hilger . Following the death of Otto Hilger , Twyman became managing director of the firm . They remained in post until 1946 when they became chairperson .
Until 1910 they managed the design and construction of all of the firms new equipment . This included a deviation wavelength spectrometer and a spectrograph made using quartz rather than glass to enable the observation of the ultraviolet spectrum .
Between 1918 and 1923 with supervisor Alfred Green they developed the Twyman–Green interferometer , based on the Michelson interferometer , and used principally for testing optical equipment .
In 1924 they were elected a fellow of the Royal Society . In 1926 they were awarded both the Duddell Medal of the Physical Society and the John Price Wetherill Medal of the Franklin Institute .
In 1942 they published the book Prism and Lens Making . In 1956 they won the Gold medal of the Society for Applied Spectroscopy .
They also advised the firm E. R. Watts and Son until they merged in 1948 with Adam Hilger Ltd. to form Hilger & Watts Ltd . They remained an advisor to Hilger & Watts until their death .
Personal life
In 1906 Twyman married Phillipine Katherine Elisabeth Hilger , daughter of Otto Hilger . They went on to have four children together . In 1956 they authored a book on their family history , An East Kent Family . They also wrote a pamphlet of their views on economics , and a book on apprenticeships .
They died at home on 6 March 1959 in St Pancras , London .
Books
References
Optical engineers
1876 births
1959 deaths
People from Canterbury
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Route 173 is a highway in southwest Missouri . Its northern terminus is at Route 265/Route 413 in Elsey ; its southern terminus is at Route 76 in Cape Fair .
Route description
Route 173 begins at an intersection with Route 76 in Cape Fair , Stone County , heading north on a two-lane undivided road . The road passes through wooded areas with some homes , curving to the northwest . The route turns to the north again , running along the west bank of Table Rock Lake before crossing the lake . Route 173 passes through more forests , curving northwest before heading north through a mix of fields and woods with occasional residences . Farther north , the road comes to an intersection with Route 248 . The route continues through more rural areas , turning northeast and crossing Missouri and Northern Arkansas Railroad 's Aurora Subdivision . A short distance later , Route 173 reaches its northern terminus at an intersection with Route 265/Route 413 near Elsey .
Major intersections
References
173
Transportation in Stone County , Missouri
The Clearing House is a banking association and payments company owned by the largest commercial banks in the United States . The Clearing House is the parent organization of The Clearing House Payments Company L.L.C. , which owns and operates core payments system infrastructure in the United States , including ACH , wire payments , check image clearing , and real-time payments through the RTP network , a modern real-time payment system for the U.S .
Supporting services include The Clearing House Payments Authority ( a payments association with over 1,000 financial institution members and corporate subscribers ) and ECCHO ( an entity develops and maintains rules that govern private sector check image exchange for its members , and also engages in lobbying and education ) .
Membership
Members of The Clearing House include JPMorgan Chase & Co. , Bank of America Corp. , Citigroup Inc. , Bank of New York Mellon Corp. , Deutsche Bank AG , U.S. Bancorp and Wells Fargo & Co . The Clearing House Payments Company , an organization owned by the same banks , was established in New York in 1853 for the purpose of processing transactions among banks . It has offices in New York , North Carolina , Texas , and Michigan .
Bank of America
Bank of the West
Barclays
The Bank of New York Mellon
Capital One
Citi
Citizens
Comerica
Deutsche Bank
Fifth Third Bank
HSBC
Huntington
JPMorgan Chase
KeyBank
M & T Bank
MUFG Union Bank
PNC
Regions Bank
Santander
TD Bank
Truist
U.S. Bank
Wells Fargo
Lawsuits
In September 2009 , the Clearing House joined a lawsuit in support of the Federal Reserve after a federal court in New York ruled against the Fed . Filed by Bloomberg News under the Freedom of Information Act , the lawsuit , Bloomberg L.P. v. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System , sought records showing where the Fed had lent $ 2 trillion of taxpayer funds during the bank bailout of the financial crisis of 2008 . The Clearing House has filed an appeal before the United States Supreme Court on October 26 , 2010 . The case was appealed but ultimately rejected on March 21 , 2011 . The Federal Reserve was required to release the data within five days to Bloomberg L.P .
The Clearing House was also sued by the State of New York in Andrew Cuomo v. Clearing House Association , LLC to determine whether the U.S. Treasury 's Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) had the authority to preempt a state 's right to enforce its own fair lending laws against national banks . A 5–4 decision by the Supreme Court overturned previous lower court decisions that had ruled in favor of the Clearing House and the OCC .
History
The New York Clearing House Association was a clearinghouse bank established in New York City in 1853 . Initially , it simplified the chaotic settlement process among the banks of New York City . The New York Clearing House functioned as a quasi-central bank : setting monetary policy , issuing a form of currency , and even storing vaults of gold to back settlements . It later served to stabilize currency fluctuations and bolster the monetary system through recurring times of panic . Since the creation of the Federal Reserve System in 1913 , it has used technology to meet the demands of an increasingly complex banking system .
Before 1853
In the decade before the Clearing House was founded , banking had become increasingly complex . From 1849 to 1853 –years highlighted by the California gold rush and construction of a national railroad system–the number of New York banks increased from 24 to 57 . Settlement procedures were unsophisticated , with banks settling their accounts by employing porters to travel from bank to exchange checks for bags of coin , or “ specie. ” As the number of banks grew , exchanges became a daily event . The official reckoning of accounts , however , did not take place until Fridays , often resulting in record keeping errors and encouraging abuses . Each day , the porters would gather on the steps of one of the Wall Street banks for their “ Porters ' Exchange . ”
Founding , 1853
In 1853 , a bank bookkeeper named George D. Lyman proposed in an article that banks send and receive checks at a central office . There was a positive response and The New York Clearing House was organized officially on October 4 of that year . One week later , on October 11 in the basement of 14 Wall Street , 52 banks participated in the first exchange . On its first day , the Clearing House exchanged checks worth $ 22.6 million . Within 20 years , the average daily clearing topped $ 100 million . The current daily average approaches $ 2 Trillion .
The New York Clearing House brought order to what had been a tangled web of exchanges . Specie certificates soon replaced gold as the means of settling balances at the Clearing House , further simplifying the process . Once certificates were
exchanged for gold deposited at member banks , porters encountered fewer of the dangers they had faced previously while transporting bags of gold from bank to bank . Certificates relieved the strain on the bank 's cash flow , thus reducing the likelihood of a run on deposits . Member banks had to do weekly audits , keep minimum reserve levels and log daily settlement of balances which further assured more ordered , efficient exchanges .
Calming the panics , 1853-1913
Between 1853 and 1913 , the U.S. experienced rapid economic expansion as well as ten financial panics . One of the Clearing House 's first challenges was the panic of 1857 . When the panic began , leaders of the member banks met and devised a plan that would shorten the duration of the panic–and more importantly , maintain public confidence in the banking system . When specie payments were suspended , the Clearing House issued loan certificates that could be used to settle accounts . Known as Clearing House Loan Certificates , they were , in effect , quasi-currency , backed not by gold but by discounted county and state banknotes held by member banks . Bearing the words “ Payable Through the Clearing House , ” a Clearing House Loan Certificate was the joint liability of all the member banks , and thus , in lieu of specie , a most secure form of payment .
The certificates appeared in smaller denominations during the panic of 1873 , and continued to be used as a substitute currency among the member banks for settlement purposes during panics in subsequent decades , including the Panic of 1893 . Although they represented a potential violation of federal law against privately issued currencies , these certificates , as a contemporary observer noted , “ performed so valuable a service…in moving the crops and keeping business machinery in motion , that the government…wisely forbore to prosecute . ”
In 1913 , Congress passed the Federal Reserve Act , thus creating an independent , federal clearing system modeled on the many private clearing houses that had sprung up across America . The new monetary system , with its stringent audits and minimum reserve standards , assumed the role that clearing houses had played .
Clearing process during the 20th century
Since the inception of the Federal Reserve System , the New York Clearing House has concentrated on facilitating the smooth completion of financial transactions by clearing the payments . The clearing process , while highly structured , is in theory , quite simple . Member banks exchange checks , coupons and other certificates of value among themselves , after which the Clearing House records the resulting charges to their accounts . Entries are posted on the books of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to settle any differences . Settlement is prepared each business day at 10:00 a.m. after about three million pieces of paper have been presented for payment .
Computers have been performing the payment clearing that once required paper processing . The Clearing House Interbank Payments System ( CHIPS ) began operation in 1970 . The New York Automated Clearing House ( NYACH ) followed in 1975 and became the Electronics Payment Network in 2000 . The Clearing House Electronic Check Clearing System ( CHECCS ) was added in 1992 .
On July 1 , 2004 , The New York Clearing House Association announced a name change to The Clearing House Association L. L. C ..
See also
ACH
Bankers ' clearing house
Clearing house
Clearing House Interbank Payments System
History of central banking in the United States
Suffolk Bank
References
External links
Official Site
The Clearing House Association 's amicus curiae briefs
American Banker feature on The Clearing House .
Laying of the corner stone and opening ceremonies of the new building of the New York Clearing House in Cedar Street . Publisher : J.J. Little & Co. , Printers , New York 1896 - Internet Archive - online
New York Clearing House Association records , 1853-2006 Columbia University Libraries Archival Collection
Further reading
Banking in the United States
Lobbying organizations in the United States
Mount Houston is a community in north central Harris County , Texas . It is east of U.S. Highway 59 , near the Dyersdale oil field .
Mount Houston was established along the Houston , East and West Texas Railway . At that time it was away from Houston . A post office opened in 1910 . In 1914 Mount Houston had 100 people . It featured several market gardeners . It included two churches , a sawmill , and a lumber company . The post office closed in 1918 . By the 1980s Mount Houston did not significantly increase in size . Within of Mount Houston , three schools and three churches had been established .
Education
Mount Houston is within the Houston Independent School District . North Forest High School is the sole zoned high school .
Until July 1 , 2013 , North Forest Independent School District was named the East and Mount Houston Independent School District .
References
Geography of Harris County , Texas
Brondesbury Park is a suburb and electoral ward of the London Borough of Brent . It is the part of Brondesbury which is not interwoven with Kilburn due to the naming of a major tube station ( Kilburn ) and is centred on Brondesbury Park railway station and the street , an avenue , which shares its name . The area has a number of open spaces , primarily Queen 's Park and Tiverton Green .
Humphry Repton 's Brondesbury Park
Brondesbury Park is an alternate name for its manor , a specially empowered division of the large parish of Willesden as one of its eight prebends . The manor house is long-demolished . Landscape designer Humphry Repton transformed the focal 10 acres of Brondesbury Park , a varying demense but in most years 54 acres in the 18th and 19th century , when they designed the garden . The house had been bought by their client Lady ( Sarah ) Salusbury 's in 1789 . Repton produced one of their famous 'Red Books ' for the manor house , which has been republished , along with their Red Book for Glemham Hall in Suffolk .
Repton planned a garden with views across London , but Lady Salusbury wanted shade rather than sweeping views . The grounds of Lady Salusbury 's house only amounted to 10 acres . Repton found very few trees , so had planted hundreds of mature trees and shrubs . Lady Salusbury was so delighted with the work that they gave Repton a bonus of £50 .
Some street names allude to the inclosed private park ( garden ) dominating the north of the area and notable manorial owners . The street named Brondesbury Park leads into Salusbury Road .
Repton also worked on Wembley Park including what became Wembley Stadium today in the same borough .
Politics
The ward returns two councillors to sit on Brent Council .
After the 2022 council election the two elected councillors are from the Labour Party , Erica Gbajumo and Ryan Hack .
In the 2006 local elections Brondesbury Park was won by the Liberal Democrats , who climbed from third place in 2002 to take all three seats . This was widely attributed to the defection of campaigner Carol Shaw , who left the Conservatives to join the Liberal Democrats shortly before the Brent East by-election in 2003 . The party retained the seats at the 2010 elections .
Since the 2010 general election , the ward has formed part of the new seat of Hampstead and Kilburn .
Surrounding areas
Willesden , to the north-west
Mapesbury , to the north ( where used )
Kilburn / Brondesbury , to the east . Kilburn is traditionally the linear settlement along the A5 there .
Queen 's Park , to the south
Kensal Green and Harlesden , to the west
References
External links
Brondesbury Park Ward Facts and figures from Brent Council
Areas of London
Districts of the London Borough of Brent
Gardens by Humphry Repton
Cellular Abroad is a mobile virtual network operator and internet retailer based in Los Angeles that uses GSM technology to provide international wireless voice , messaging and data services . Cellular Abroad sells and rents unlocked international GSM cell phones , portable WiFi hotspots and SIM Cards under the National Geographic Society brand .
History
Cellular Abroad was founded in 2002 by Sebastian Harrison , son of cult film star and b-movie legend Richard Harrison and grandson of American International Pictures co-founder James H. Nicholson . After operating another successful internet company selling region-free DVD players , Sebastian saw similar market potential for international SIM Cards , and launched www.cellularabroad.com in October 2002 , offering early tri-band frequency GSM cell phones and SIM Cards for 25 popular travel destinations .
Cellular Abroad became incorporated in 2004 . To compete with the ever-changing mobile device market , Cellular Abroad changed their business model to mostly offer GSM cell phone rentals , and launched the Talk Abroad service for international travelers . The original 'Talk Abroad ' SIM offered flat rates for use in over 70 countries , and free inbound calling to the SIM card on a Liechtenstein phone number .
In January 2007 , Cellular Abroad negotiated a branding license with the National Geographic Society and went on to launch the National Geographic Talk Abroad Travel Phone , which offered a service similar to the original Talk Abroad SIM , but with a United Kingdom phone number and increased coverage in more than 100 countries .
April 2009 saw the release of the National Geographic Duet Phone ; the first FCC approved dual-SIM card cell phone for the U.S. market .
Cellular Abroad started offering portable WiFi hotspots for international travelers in the fall of 2011 .
Products and Services
Cellular Abroad owns and operates the National Geographic Talk Abroad Network , featuring U.K.-and U.S.-based phone numbers , and since 2011 has increased coverage to include more than 200 countries and territories . National Geographic Talk Abroad products include cell phones for rental or purchase and SIM Cards , available from their website .
Cellular Abroad also offers GSM quad band capable handsets with individual prepaid services for Europe , South America , North America , Africa , Asia and Australasia .
See also
List of United States wireless communications service providers
Cloud9
External links
National Geographic Joins Wireless Race , Wall Street Journal , 2007-03-07
Stay in Touch ( for Less ) When Abroad , New York Times , 2007-07-29
Cellular Abroad International Hotspot , PCMag , 2011-12-05
A guide to using the Internet abroad , Washington Post , 2012-05-18
Cellular Abroad
References
Mobile virtual network operators
National Geographic Society
The Pious Fund of the Californias ( ) is a fund , originating in 1697 , to sponsor the Roman Catholic Jesuit Spanish missions in Baja California , and Franciscan Spanish missions in Alta California in the Viceroyalty of New Spain from 1769 to 1823 , and originally administered by the Jesuits . It became the object of litigation between the US and Mexican governments in the 19th century , with the resolution making legal history in The Hague in 1902 .
Origin
It originated with voluntary donations made by individuals and religious bodies in Mexico to members of the Society of Jesus , to enable them to propagate the Catholic Faith in the upper Las Californias Province of the Viceroyalty of New Spain , present day U.S. state of California . The early contributions to the fund were placed in the hands of the missionaries , the most active of whom were Juan María de Salvatierra ( founder of many missions in Baja California ) and Eusebio Francisco Kino ( founder of many missions in the Sonoran Desert and Baja California ) . The later and larger donations took the form of agreements by the donors to hold the property donated for the use of the missions , and to devote their income to that purpose . In 1717 the capital sums of practically all the donations were turned over to the Jesuits , and from that year until the expulsion of the Society of Jesus from Mexico the Pious Fund was administered by them .
In 1768 , with the expulsion of all the members of the Society from Spanish territory by the Pragmatic Sanction of King Charles III of Spain , the crown of Spain assumed the administration of the fund and retained it until Mexican independence was achieved in 1821 . During this period ( 1768–1821 ) missionary work in California was divided , the territory of Upper California being confided to the Franciscans , and that of lower California to the Dominicans . Prior to the expulsion of the Jesuits , thirteen missions had been founded in Lower California , and by the year 1823 the Franciscans had established twenty-one missions in Upper California . In 1821 the newly established Government of Mexico assumed the administration of the fund and continued to administer it until 1840 .
In 1836 Mexico passed an Act authorizing a petition to the Holy See for the creation of a bishopric in Alta California , and declaring that upon its creation , `` the property belonging to the Pious Fund of the Californias shall be placed at the disposal of the new bishop and their successors , to be by them managed and employed for its objects , or others similar ones , always respecting the wishes of the founders '' . In response to this petition , Pope Gregory XVI , in 1840 , created the Diocese of the Two Californias and appointed Francisco Garcia Diego y Moreno ( then president of the missions of the Californias ) as the first bishop of the diocese . Shortly after their consecration , Mexico delivered the properties of the Pious Fund to Bishop Diego , and they were held and administered by them until 1842 , when General Antonio López de Santa Anna , President of Mexico , promulgated a decree repealing the above-mentioned provision of the Act of 1836 , and directing that the Government should again receive charge of the fund .
The properties of the fund were surrendered under compulsion to the Mexican Government in April , 1842 , and on 24 October of that year a decree was promulgated by General Santa Anna directing that the properties of the fund be sold , and the proceeds incorporated into the national treasury , and further provided that the sale should be for a sum representing the annual income of the properties capitalized at six per cent per annum . The decree provided that `` the public treasuries will acknowledge a debt of six percent per annum on the total proceeds of the sale '' , and specially pledged the revenue from tobacco for the payment of that amount `` to carry on the objects to which said fund is destined '' .
Controversy between US and Mexico
There then ensued the Mexican–American War , which was brought to an end by the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , 2 February 1848 . Under its terms , Upper Mexico ( Alta California and eastward ) was ceded to the United States by Mexico , and all claims of citizens of the United States against the Republic of Mexico , which had theretofore accrued , were discharged by the terms of the treaty . After the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo and indeed for some years before , Mexico made no payments for the benefit of the missions . The archbishop and bishops of the US State of California claimed that as citizens of the United States , they were entitled to demand and receive from Mexico for the benefit of the missions within their diocese a proper proportion of the sums that Mexico had assumed to pay in its legislative decree of 24 October 1842 .
By a convention between the United States and Mexico , concluded 4 July 1868 and proclaimed 1 February 1869 , a Mexican and American Mixed Claims Commission was created to consider and adjudge the validity of claims held by citizens of either country against the government of the other which had arisen between the date of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo and the date of the convention creating the commission . To this commission the prelates of California ( former Alta California ) , in 1869 , presented their claims against Mexico for such part of 21 years ' interest on the Pious Fund ( accrued between 1848 and 1869 ) payable under the terms of the Santa Ana decree of 1842 , as it was properly apportionable to the missions of 'upper ' California state ( 'lower ' Baja California having remained Mexican territory ) .
Upon the submission of the claim for decision , the Mexican and American commissioners disagreed as to its proper disposition , and it was referred to the umpire of the commission , Sir Edward Thornton , then British Ambassador to the US . On 11 November 1875 , the umpire rendered an award in favor of the archbishop and bishops of California . By that award , the value of the funds at the time of its sale in 1842 was finally fixed at $ 1,435,033 . The annual interest on that sum at 6 % ( the rate being fixed by the decree of 1842 ) amounted to $ 86,101.98 and for the years between 1848 and 1869 totaled $ 1,808,141.58 . The umpire held that of this amount , one-half should equitably be held apportionable to the missions of Upper California , located in American territory , and therefore awarded to the United States for the account of the archbishop and bishops of California $ 904,070.79 . This judgment was paid in gold by Mexico in accordance with the terms of the convention of 1868 , in thirteen annual installments .
Case before the Permanent Court of Arbitration
Mexico , however , then disputed its obligation to pay any interest accruing after the period covered by the award of the Mixed Claims Commission ( that is , after 1869 ) , and diplomatic negotiations were opened by the Government of the United States with the Government of Mexico , which resulted , after some years , in the signing of a protocol between the two Governments on 22 May 1902 , by which the question of Mexico 's liability was submitted to the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague . This was the first International controversy submitted to the tribunal . By the terms of the protocol , the Arbitral court was to decide first whether the liability of Mexico to make annual payments to the United States for the account of the Roman Catholic bishops of California had been rendered Res judicata by the award of the Mixed Claim Commission , and second , if not , whether the claim of the United States , that Mexico was bound to continue such payments , was just .
On 14 October 1902 , the tribunal at The Hague made an award judging that the liability of Mexico was established by the principle of res judicata , and by virtue of the arbitral sentence of Sir Edward Thornton , as umpire of the Mixed Claim Commission ; that in consequence the Mexican Government was bound to pay the United States , for the use of the Roman Catholic archbishop and bishops of California the sum of $ 1,420,682.67 , in extinguishment of the annuities which had accrued from 1869 to 1902 , and was under the further obligation to pay perpetually an annuity of $ 43,050.99 , in money having legal currency in Mexico .
Mexico continued to make the required annual payment from 1903 to 1912 , when transfers were suspended because of the Mexican Revolution . Mexico did not resume payment until 1966 , and then negotiated a final lump-sum settlement of US $ 719,546 to the United States—essentially 53 years of back payments , with interest—in return for the termination of all future obligations with respect to the Pious Fund .
See also
Spanish missions in Baja California
Spanish missions in the Sonoran Desert
Spanish missions in Arizona
Spanish missions in California
The Roman Catholic Church and Colonialism
Spanish colonization of the Americas
Sources
`` Pious Fund Arbitration '' , The New York Times , September 16 , 1902
References
External links
Unofficial English text of the PCA case in pdf format at the official Permananet Court of Arbitration website .
Foreign relations of the United States , 1902 . Appendix II : United States vs. Mexico . In the matter of the case of the Pious Fund of the Californias
Missions in Mexico
Spanish missions in California
History of Mexico
Mexican California
The Californias
Non-profit organizations based in California
Catholic Church in California
Spanish colonization of the Americas
Permanent Court of Arbitration cases
Government Medical College , Palakkad , also known as Institute of Integrated Medical Science ( IIMS ) is a medical college established in Palakkad District on 2014 by Government of Kerala , under the management of Kerala State Scheduled Caste Development Department . The institute is affiliated to Kerala University of Health Sciences ( KUHS ) .
See also
List of medical colleges in India
References
External links
Official website
Medical colleges in Kerala
Colleges affiliated with the Kerala University of Health Sciences
Universities and colleges in Palakkad
2014 establishments in Kerala
Educational institutions established in 2014
The following productions and persons were nominated for the 28th NAACP Theatre Awards .
Best Choreography — Larger Theatre
The Legend of Georgia McBride — Paul McGill
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical — Sergio Trujillo
Born For This ~ Warren Adams
Best Choreography — 99 Seat Theatre
Les Blancs — Toyce Guy
Punk Rock - Matthew Glave
Runaway Home ~ Janet Roston
Best Costumes ~ Larger Theatre
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical — Paul Tazewell
The Legend of Georgia McBride ~ EB . Brooks
Born For This ~ William Ivey Long
Best Costumes — 99 Seat Theatre
Transition — Kate Bergh
Les Blanes — Wendell C. Carmichael
Antony and Cleopatra — Gloria Gifford , Lauren Plaxco and Lucy Walsh
Best Director — Larger Theatre
Head of Passes — Tina Landau
Zoot Suit — Luis Valdez
The Legend of Georgia McBride ~ Mike Donahue
Best Director — 99 Seat Theatre
The Meeting — Bill Cobbs
Lyrics from Lockdown — Gina Belafonte
Runaway Home ~ Shirley Jo Finney
Best Director of a Musical — Larger Theatre
Born For This - Charles Randolph-Wright
Shout Sister Shout — Randy Johnson
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical - Des McAnuff
Best Director of a Musical - 99 Seats
Antony and Cleopatra — Gloria Gifford
Can God 's Love ~ Spencer M. Collins IV
Walking in Dorothy Dandridge 's Shoes .
Them Final New Beginning - Wanda Ray Willis
Best Ensemble Cast —Larger Theatre
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical
Home
946 : The Amazing Story of Adolphus Tips
Best Ensemble Cast — 99 Seat Theatre
The Meeting
Periphery
Les Blancs
Best Lead Female - Larger Theatre
Head of Passes — Phylicia Rashad
Born For This - Deborah Joy Winans
Trouble in Mind — Eamestine Phillips
Best Lead Female — 99 Seat Theatre
An Accident — Kacie Rogers
This Land — LeShay Tomlinson Boyce
Br'er Cotton - Yvonne Huff Lee
This Land — Niketa Calame
Best Lead Male — Larger Theatre
Born For This — Juan Winans
Between Riverside and Crazy — John Cothran
Driving Miss Daisy - Arthur Richardson
Best Lead Male — 99 Seat Theatre
Br'er Cotton — Omete Anassi
An Accident ~ Kent Faulcon
Transitions - Joshua Wolf Coleman
Best Lighting — Larger Theatre
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical — Howell Binkley
Head of Passes — Jeff Croiter
Born For This — Jason Lyons
Best Lighting - 99 Seat Theatre
Transition — Donny Jackson
Les Blancs — Derrick McDaniel
King Hedley Il - Derek Jones
Best Music Director Larger Theatre
Bom For This - Jaret Landon
Shout Sister Shout - Rahn Coleman
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical — Ron Melrose
Best Music Director ~ 99 Seat Theatre
Love is a Dirty Word — Giovanni Adams
Elevator — Mario Marchetti
Can God 's Love - Cedric Lily
Best One Person Show — Larger Theatre
Tum Me Loose — Joe Morton
Best One Person Show - 99 Seat Theatre
Lyrics from Lockdown ~ Byronn Bain
Love is a Dirty Word — Giovanni Adams
Conversation “ Bout the Girls - Sonia Jackson
Best Playwright — Larger Theatre
Born for This - Bebe Winans and Charles Randolph- Wright
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical — Colman Domingo , Robert Cary and Des McAnuff
Head of Passes — Tarrell Alvin Me Craney
Best Playwright — 99 Seat Theatre
King Hedley II - August Wilson
This Land — Evangeline Ordaz
An Accident — Lydia Stryk
Best Producer — Larger Theatre
Tum Me Loose — John Legend ( Get Lifted Film Company ) & Mike Jackson
Born For This - My Destiny Productions and Ron Gillyard
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical — Lalolla Playhouse
Best Producer — 99 Seat Theatre
This Land — Company of Angels , Danny Munoz & Tamadhur Al-Ageel
The Meeting - Shannon Sylvain
King Hedley II — Sophina Brown
Best Set Design — Larger Theatre
Head of Passes — G. W. Mercier
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical — Robert Brill
Big Night — John Lee Beatty
Best Set Design - 99 Seat Theatre
This Land — Justine Huen
Bee-luther Hatchee — Christopher Scott Murillo
King Hedley Il — John Iacovelli
Best Sound ~ Larger Theatre
Summer : The Donna Summer Musical — Gareth Owen
Head of Passes - Rob Milbum and Michael Bodeen
Shout Sister Shout — Jon Gottlieb
Best Sound — 99 Seat Theatre
Transition — David Marling
Les Blancs — Jeff Gardner
King Hedley Il - Kevin Novinsky
Best Supporting Female ~ Larger Theatre
Born For This - Nita Whitaker
Born For This ~ Kirsten Wyatt Born
Born For This - Kiandra Richardson
Best Supporting Female ~ 99 Seat Theatre
Peace Be Still - Brely Evans
Peace Be Still - Anika McFall
Punk Rock ~ Raven Scott
Runaway Home - Karen Malina White
Best Supporting Male — Larger Theatre
Born For This - Milton Craig Nealy
Five Guys Named Moe - Rogelio Douglas , Jr
The Legend of Georgia McBride — Larry Powell
Best Supporting Male — 99 Seat Theatre
King Hedley I — Adolphus Ward Punk
Rock — Jacob B. Gibson
Bret Cotton — Christopher Carrington
References
NAACP Theatre Awards
Martin Eriksson ( born 1971 ) is a retired Swedish pole vaulter . Martin Eriksson may also refer to :
Martin Eriksson ( cyclist ) ( born 1992 ) , Swedish male cyclo-cross cyclist
Martin Eriksson , birth name of E-Type ( musician ) ( born 1965 ) , Swedish eurodance musician
Martin Ericsson ( born 1980 ) , former Swedish footballer
Adem Boudjemline ( born 28 February 1994 in Sétif ) is an Algerian Greco-Roman wrestler . At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Men 's Greco-Roman -85 kg where they finished in 17th place after losing to Nikolay Bayryakov of Bulgaria in the 1/8 finals round .
They represented Algeria at the 2020 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo , Japan . They competed in the 97 kg event .
They won the gold medal in their event at the 2022 African Wrestling Championships held in El Jadida , Morocco .
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Algeria
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
African Games gold medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in wrestling
Algerian male sport wrestlers
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Algeria
Mediterranean Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
African Wrestling Championships medalists
20th-century Algerian people
21st-century Algerian people
Grapevine Canyon is located in the Bridge Canyon Wilderness Area and the Spirit Mountain Wilderness as well as partially being in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area . The canyon contains the Grapevine Canyon Petroglyphs and is accessible from Nevada State Route 163 which leads to Lower Grapevine Canyon Road . During non-drought years , the canyon contains a fresh water spring . The spring provides water for shrubbery along its path .
While it was used by the Mohave people , the canyon may have served as a ritual location and for summer solstice observations . Various petroglyphs serve as evidence of use by the Mohave people As you walk into Grapevine Canyon to the left is a giant skull shaped out of the mountain . ( 8 ) .
Notes
8 . Marsha Mull . Grapevine Canyon . 2019-07-19
Canyons and gorges of Nevada
Landforms of Clark County , Nevada
William Finch ( died 1613 ) was an English merchant in the service of the East India Company ( EIC ) . They travelled to India along with Captain Hawkins during the reign of the Mughal emperor Jehangir . The two of them attended on the emperor at the Mughal court and established trade relations between England and India . Finch subsequently explored various cities in India and left a valuable account of them in their journal , which was subsequently published .
Career
Finch was a native of London . They were agent to an expedition sent by the East India Company , under Captains Hawkins and Keeling , in 1607 to treat with the Great Mogul . Hawkins and Finch landed at Surat on 24 August 1608 . They were violently opposed by the Portuguese . Finch , however , obtained permission from the governor of Cambay to dispose of the goods in their vessels . Incited by the Portuguese , who seized two of the English ships , the natives refused to have dealings with the company 's representatives . During these squabbles Finch fell ill , and Hawkins , proceeding to Agra alone , obtained favourable notice from the Emperor Jehangir . Finch recovered , and joined Hawkins at Agra on 14 April 1610 . The two remained at the mogul 's court for about a year and a half . Finch refused tempting offers to attach themselves permanently to the service of Jehangir .
Hawkins returned to England , but Finch delayed their departure in order to make further explorations , visiting Byana and Lahore among other places . Finch made careful observations on the commerce and natural products of the districts visited . In 1612 the Moghul emperor confirmed and extended the privileges they had promised to Finch and Hawkins , and the East India Company in that year set up their first little factory at Surat .
Exploration
Finch explored various cities in India , including Delhi , Ambala , Sultanpur , Ayodhya and Lahore , and left valuable accounts of these places in their diary . They intended to return to Europe overland , but died en route in Baghdad in 1612 probably due to infected water . Their belongings were saved and returned to the East India Company . Reverend Samuel Purchas found Finch 's journal in the archives of the company and published an abridged version of it as a chapter in their `` Pilgrimes '' .
In Ayodhya , Finch was an early witness to the location of Ramkot ( `` Rama 's fort '' ) , the site of the present day Ayodhya dispute . Finch did not describe a birthplace or mention a mosque in the area . They did mention ruins that were thought to be Rama 's castle and houses . The castle was four hundred years old , according to Finch . Regarding the `` houses '' , Finch wrote :
Scholar Hans T. Bakker , who made a detailed study of Ayodhya , takes Finch 's account to be an authentic record of the state of the Ramkot area at that time .
Notes
References
Bibliography
Year of birth missing
1613 deaths
16th-century births
Deaths by poisoning
16th-century English businesspeople
17th-century English businesspeople
Merchants from London
Explorers of India
Explorers of Ayodhya
Silver Solstice is a live album by Paul Winter Consort and friends , including organist Dorothy Papadakos , released in 2005 through the record label Living Music . In 2006 , the album earned the group a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album .
Track listing
Disc 1
`` Opening Calls '' - 4:03
`` Tomorrow Is My Dancing Day '' ( Traditional ) - 3:02
`` Sun Singer '' ( Halley , Winter ) - 4:58
`` Wound Over All Waters '' ( Halley , Whittier ) - 4:32
`` Kurski Funk '' ( Castro-Neves , Halley , Traditional , Winter ) - 4:19
`` Dawnwalker '' ( Spillane ) - 6:46
`` Before It 's Too Late '' ( Tuncboyaciyan ) - 5:21
`` Harvest Faire '' ( Winter ) - 4:43
`` Sara '' ( Berry , Traditional ) - 5:33
`` Seoladh '' ( Traditional ) - 5:15
`` Cathedral Forest '' ( Halley ) - 5:45
`` Belly of the Whale '' ( Friesen , Humpback Whale , Sullivan ) - 5:29
`` Solstice Tree '' ( Cahn , Traditional , Uirapur , Winter ) - 3:28
`` Storm '' - 1:12
`` Bells of Solstice '' ( Traditional ) - 1:33
`` Return of the Sun '' ( Halley ) - 1:26
`` Solstice Chant '' ( Halley ) - 2:14
Disc 2
`` Caravan at Dawn '' ( Hart , Rudess , Tuncboyaciyan , Winter ) - 6:23
`` The Lake '' ( Halley ) - 4:33
`` Luiza '' ( Jobim ) - 2:41
`` Canyon Chaconne '' ( Halley , Winter ) - 6:27
`` First Ride '' ( Friesen , Halley ) - 4:34
`` Icarus '' ( Towner ) - 3:14
`` The Rain Is Over and Gone '' ( Halley ) - 5:48
`` The Cello and the Pipes '' ( Friesen , Spillane ) - 3:55
`` The Rising Moon '' ( Sullivan ) - 5:05
`` Down in Belgorod '' ( Castro-Neves , Friesen , Halley , Winter ) - 3:39
`` Oror Bubrik '' ( Tuncboyaciyan ) - 6:17
`` Silent Night '' ( Traditional ) - 3:00
`` Song for the World '' ( Halley , Traditional ) - 3:18
`` Wolf Eyes '' ( Darling , Timber Wolf , Winter ) - 8:12
`` Minuit/Auld Lang Syne '' ( Fodeba , Guth , Osborn , Traditional ) - 5:43
References
2005 live albums
Grammy Award for Best New Age Album
Paul Winter Consort albums
MAFF may refer to :
MAFF ( gene ) , a transcription factor
Malmö Arab Film Festival , held in Malmö ( Sweden ) , the largest Arabic film festival in Europe
Ministry of Agriculture , Fisheries and Food ( United Kingdom ) , a former department of UK government
Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries , Cambodia
Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries ( Japan )
Mozilla Archive Format , a web page archiving format provided by Firefox through an extension
Jerusalem the Golden is a novel by Margaret Drabble published in 1967 , and is a winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 1967 .
Development and title
Jerusalem the Golden resembles a number of autobiographical elements : like Clara , Drabble grew up in Yorkshire , was the middle of three sisters , and some of the characters resemble family members . Mrs Maugham is `` based on [ Drabble 's ] maternal grandmother . ''
The title is taken from the hymn of the same name ; frequently Drabble uses titles that point towards Biblical references : such as in The Millstone and The Needle 's Eye .
Characters
Clara Maugham - the main character for the novel . Clara is a young intelligent , attractive and bright student in their final year at a London university .
Clelia - an artist and actor whom Clara envies and wants to emulate .
Mrs. Maugham - Clara 's `` miserable '' mother , loosely `` based on [ Drabble 's ] maternal grandmother . '' Critic Lisa Allardice attributes the mean personality to a `` pinched interior life '' .
Themes
Like many of Drabble 's other novels , the novel focuses on topics relevant to women and gender . For example , G. Suchita describes the novel as exhibiting `` liberationist tendencies '' familiar with the feminist trends of 1960 's . Suchita compares the female protagonist , Clara , to other women characters Emma from The Garrick Year and Louise from A Summer Bird-Cage , both which use `` sex as a social advancement '' , creating power over men through sexual conquest . However , as critic Lisa Allardice noted they are n't writing `` feminist '' novels , but `` merely writing about the world around her , and their own experiences as a young woman during the period '' .
Similarly , in reviewing the novel for The Guardian , critic Lisa Allardice noted the importance of intense female relationships , in a format similar to other novels by Drabble , including their earlier novels : debut novel A Summer Bird-Cage and The Waterfall .
Intertextuality
Drabble writes the novel into the larger literary tradition , by evoking motifs and features from numerous other works . The title is a biblical reference , and they `` frequently evokes '' Thomas Hardy , making explicit references to Tess of the D'Urbervilles . When reviewing the book , critic Lisa Allardice also notes the close resemblance of the novel 's structure and plot to the later An Experiment in Love by Hilary Mantel .
Critical reception
In rereading the novel at the time of its republication with Penguin Modern Classics , critic Lisa Allardice described the novel as `` very much a fairytale of its time '' . Allardice described the novel as successful , and exhibiting the `` moral ambiguity and wisdom of Drabble 's early fiction , along with the wit and elegance of their prose . '' They concluded by claiming that it should be as well read as its predecessor , The Millstone .
References
Further reading
1967 British novels
Novels by Margaret Drabble
English novels
Weidenfeld & Nicolson books
Ron Sigsworth is an Australian former rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s . They played for the Newtown Jets , South Sydney and the Canberra Raiders in the New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) competition and for Castleford ( Heritage № 633 ) in England .
Background
Ron Sigsworth is the brother of former Newtown team of the century member Phil Sigsworth .
Playing career
Sigsworth made their first grade debut for Newtown in Round 2 1982 against South Sydney Rabbitohs at Redfern Oval which ended in a 30–0 defeat . Sigsworth would go on to score 4 tries in 6 games for Newtown in their first season .
Sigsworth played 19 games for Newtown in 1983 which would prove to be the club 's last in the top grade of Australian rugby league . Sigsworth scored Newtown 's last ever try in the top grade at Henson Park which was against Balmain in Round 23 1983 . The match was also Sigsworth 's last for the club . Newtown 's final ever match in the NSWRL premiership was a 9–6 victory over the Canberra Raiders at Campbelltown Stadium .
Following Newtown 's exclusion from the premiership due to financial reasons , Sigsworth signed with Canberra in 1984 . Sigsworth made 13 appearances for Canberra in their only year at the club .
Sigsworth then headed to England and signed with Castleford . Sigsworth played 2 seasons at Castleford and scored 11 tries in 27 games .
References
1961 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Canberra Raiders players
Castleford Tigers players
Newtown Jets players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Sydney
The Ökologisch-Botanischer Garten der Universität Bayreuth ( 16 hectares ) is a botanical garden maintained by the University of Bayreuth . It is located at Universitätsstraße 30 , Bayreuth , Bavaria , Germany , and open daily except Saturday .
The garden was founded in 1978 with a focus on ecology and environmental field research and teaching . It now contains over 10,000 plant species from around the world , organized into four major sections :
Crop garden ( 1 hectare )
Ecology experimental plots ( 8 hectares ) with lysimeter and groundwater basins .
Greenhouses ( about 8000 m² total ) containing woodland and grass plants , aquarium plants , succulents , and plants of tropical mountains and cloud forests .
Geographic sections - plants from the Americas , Asia , and Europe .
The university also maintains a herbarium , established in 2001 , which contains approximately 25,000 documents focusing on seed plants , but also with several thousand cryptogams , especially mosses , as well as a seed collection and library .
See also
List of botanical gardens in Germany
External links
Ökologisch-Botanischer Garten der Universität Bayreuth
Garden map
Institut für Afrikastudien , Ökologisch-Botanischer Garten
Hermann von Helmholtz-Zentrum entry
Bayreuth description
Botanical gardens in Germany
Gardens in Bavaria
Artikulo 247 ( ) is a 2022 Philippine television drama legal crime series broadcast by GMA Network . Directed by Jorron Lee Monroy , it stars Rhian Ramos and Kris Bernal . It premiered on March 7 , 2022 on the network 's Afternoon Prime line up . The series concluded on June 3 , 2022 with a total of 63 episodes . It was replaced by The Fake Life in its timeslot .
Premise
The show features a frustrated homicide victim , with their assailant getting away due to Article 247 of Revised Penal Code . They will later encounter their attacker again , leading them to fight for justice .
Cast and characters
Lead cast
Rhian Ramos as Mary Jane `` MJ '' Ortega-Borromeo
Kris Bernal as Klaire Almazan-Gomez / Carmen Villarama-Borromeo
Supporting cast
Benjamin Alves as Noah Borromeo
Mark Herras as Elijah Borromeo
Mike Tan as Julian Pineda
Glydel Mercado as Rose Ortega
Victor Silayan as Alfred Gomez
Carla Martinez as Sarah Borromeo
Maureen Larrazabal as Pinky
Denise Barbacena as Chi-Chi
Episodes
< onlyinclude >
< onlyinclude >
Production
In June 2021 , Benjamin Alves replaced Rocco Nacino in the series . Nacino was initially cast , and later left to appear in the Philippine drama series To Have & to Hold . Actress Jackie Rice was also initially included in the cast . Rice was later replaced by Kris Bernal . Principal photography commenced in October 2021 .
References
External links
2022 Philippine television series debuts
2022 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
GMA Network drama series
Philippine crime television series
Murder in television
Philippine legal television series
Television shows set in the Philippines
Anna Senior ( born 1941 ) is an Australian costume designer who has been nominated for an Academy Award and has won two awards from the Australian Film Institute .
They were nominated at the 53rd Academy Awards in the category of Best Costumes for their work on the film My Brilliant Career .
Senior was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia ( OAM ) in the 2022 Queen 's Birthday Honours .
Selected filmography
The Getting of Wisdom ( 1978 )
My Brilliant Career ( 1979 )
Breaker Morant ( 1980 )
Maybe This Time ( 1980 )
Phar Lap ( 1983 )
The Fire in the Stone ( 1984 )
References
External links
Australian costume designers
Living people
Place of birth missing ( living people )
1941 births
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Murray Albert Dowey ( January 3 , 1926 – May 26 , 2021 ) , was a Canadian ice hockey goaltender . Nicknamed `` Fast Hands '' , they were a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers , which won the gold medal in ice hockey representing Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz .
Early life
Dowey was born in eastern Toronto on January 3 , 1926 . Their father , Albert , was Irish Canadian ; their mother , Winifred , was of English descent . Dowey served in the Canadian Army for two years , and played for Barkers Hockey Club of the Toronto Mercantile League . They were later presented with the opportunity to be the practice goaltender for the Toronto Maple Leafs , but did not sign after being unable to agree to terms with the owner of the Toronto Marlies ( the Leafs ' minor league affiliate ) . They worked as a clerk and typist for the Toronto Transit Commission ( TTC ) at the time they were recruited to the national hockey team for the 1948 Winter Olympics .
1948 Winter Olympics
The Canadian Amateur Hockey Association declined to send a team to the 1948 Olympics , in protest of the International Olympic Committee regulation that only amateur players could participate in the Games ( thus ruling out those who received remuneration for playing hockey ) . However , Sandy Watson , a squadron leader and medical officer for the Royal Canadian Air Force ( RCAF ) , decided to assemble a team nonetheless under the Ottawa RCAF Flyers banner . Dowey became the final player added to the Olympic roster . The original starting goalie , Dick Ball , failed a medical exam just two days before the team was to depart for the tournament . Two other players who made the team – Wally Halder and George Mara – had been teammates with Dowey in the Mercantile League . They consequently recommended Dowey to the Flyers officials .
Dowey recorded five shutouts in the eight games they played in , to go along with a 0.62 goals against average . Both numbers remained Olympic records at the time of their death . They conceded only one goal apiece against Sweden and Italy , with the three goals by the United States the most goals they allowed in one game during the tournament .
Later life
After the Olympic Games and several exhibition games , Dowey went back to their job with the TTC . They retired from the TTC in 1986 , having worked there for 44 years . They were honoured by the Canadian Forces in 2001 , when it was announced that the 1948 RCAF Flyers were selected as Canada 's greatest military athletes of the 20th century . They were selected as one of the torchbearers for the Toronto stretch of the 2010 Winter Olympics torch relay in December 2009 . They were subsequently inducted into the Etobicoke Sports Hall of Fame the following year .
Dowey was interviewed in-depth for a documentary on the Flyers in 2015 , as well as a book in the autumn of 2020 , both called Against All Odds . They spent their final years at a retirement home in Etobicoke . Dowey died on May 26 , 2021 in Toronto , Ontario . They were 95 , and was the last surviving member of the Flyers ' 1948 Olympic team .
Career statistics
International
Bolded numbers indicate tournament leader
Sources :
References
External links
Murray Dowey 's profile at databaseOlympics.com
1926 births
2021 deaths
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Sportspeople from Toronto
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
The 2008 Lunar New Year Cup , officially known as Wing Lung Bank 2008 Lunar New Year Cup , is a football tournament held in Hong Kong on the first and fourth day of the Chinese New Year of the Year of Rat ( 8 January and 11 January 2008 ) .
Format
The two semi-finals for the four participating teams will be held on the first day of the Chinese New Year of Rat ( 7 February 2008 ) . The winning teams will enter the final and the losing teams play the third-place playoff ( Both matches on the fourth day of the Lunar New Year , i.e . 10 February 2008 . ) Draw in the semi-finals and third-place playoff would be settled by penalty shootout directly , that means no extra time would be played . For the final , a thirty-minute extra time would be played after a draw . A further draw would lead to the penalty shootout .
Participating teams
Hajduk Split
Hong Kong League Selection ( host )
Peñarol
Ulsan Hyundai
Squads
Hajduk Split
General Manager : Ivica Šurjak
Sports Director : Tomislav Erceg
Coach : Robert Jarni
Assistant Coach : Saša Glavaš
Econom : Miro Čolak
Hong Kong League Selection
Team Managers : Brian H T Leung , Lo Kit Sing , Chow Man Leung
Administrative Manager : Tsang Wai Chung , Lee Yun Wah
Coach : Jose Luis
Coach Assistant : Rambo Jose Ricardo
Assistant Coach : Lo Kai Wah , Lee Kin Wo
Fitness Coach : Chan Hiu Ming
Goalkeeper Coach : Lui Chun Fai
Physio : Lui Yat Hong
Team Assistant : Kwan Kon Sang
Peñarol
Coordinator : Juan Pedro Damiani
Coach : Gustavo Matosas
Manager : Jorge López
Ulsan Hyundai
Vice President : Kim Hyung-yong
Coach : Kim Jung-nam
Team Manager : Lee Young-woo
Results
All times given in Hong Kong Time ( UTC+8 ) .
Semi-finals
Third place match
Final
Bracket
Top scorers
2 goals
Mladen Bartolović ( Hajduk Split| )
Goran Stankovski ( Hong Kong League Selection )
1 goal
Florin Cernat ( Hajduk Split| )
Tales Schutz ( Hong Kong League Selection )
Chan Siu Ki ( Hong Kong League Selection )
Darío Rodríguez ( Peñarol )
José María Franco ( Peñarol )
Lee Jin-ho ( Ulsan Hyundai )
Brasília ( Ulsan Hyundai )
Ticketing
Tickets are divided into 5 prices categories : $ 100 ( Senior Citizens & Full Time Students ONLY ) , $ 150 , $ 200 , $ 280 and $ 380 .
Trivia
Audience seating in Section 116 ( Hong Kong Fans Special Area ) are each given a cheering T-shirt .
All audience who have bought a ticket are given a pair of coupletes .
See also
Hong Kong Football Association
Hong Kong First Division League
References
External links
Wing Lung Bank 2008 Lunar New Year Cup , HKFA Website
Wing Lung Bank 2008 Lunar New Year Cup Match Information , HKFA Website
Lunar
Lunar New Year Cup
Michel Decastel ( born 22 October 1955 ) is a Swiss football manager and a former midfielder . They were most recently the manager of the Swiss Challenge League club Neuchâtel Xamax .
Honours
Player
Servette
Swiss Cup : 1983–84
Swiss Super League : 1984–85
Neuchâtel Xamax
Swiss Super Cup : 1988
Manager
FC Sion
Swiss Cup : 1995–96
References
External links
Michel Decastel at Footballdatabase
1955 births
Living people
Footballers from Geneva
Association football midfielders
Swiss footballers
Switzerland international footballers
Neuchâtel Xamax FCS players
Servette FC players
Ligue 1 players
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
Swiss football managers
FC Sion managers
Étoile Sportive du Sahel managers
Espérance Sportive de Tunis managers
Expatriate football managers in Egypt
Expatriate football managers in Tunisia
Expatriate football managers in Morocco
CS Sfaxien managers
Wydad AC managers
Zamalek SC managers
Yverdon-Sport FC managers
Botola managers
The Delhi Sarai Rohilla - Bikaner SF Express is a Express train belonging to Indian Railways - North Western Railway zone that runs between Bikaner Junction and Delhi Sarai Rohilla in India .
It operates as train number 12456 from Bikaner Junction to Delhi Sarai Rohilla and as train number 12455 in the reverse direction serving the states of Rajasthan , Haryana and Delhi .
Coach composite
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph . The train consists of 15 coaches viz. , 1 AC First-class , 2 AC II Tier , 3 AC III Tier , 5 Sleeper Coaches , 2 General & 2 Second-class Luggage/parcel van .
Notes
See also
Delhi Sarai Rohilla railway station
Bikaner Junction railway station
Delhi Sarai Rohilla - Bikaner Superfast Express ( via Churu )
Bikaner Delhi Sarai Rohilla Intercity Express
References
External links
12455/Delhi Sarai Rohilla - Bikaner SF Express ( via Sri Ganganagar )
12456/Bikaner - Delhi Sarai Rohilla SF Express ( via Sri Ganganagar )
Transport in Bikaner
Transport in Delhi
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Haryana
Rail transport in Delhi
Rail transport in Punjab , India
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Railway services introduced in 2011
Wilmington Academy of Arts and Sciences ( WAAS ) is a private school in Wilmington , North Carolina that focuses on education for academically gifted students in grades 4-8 .
References
Private middle schools in North Carolina
Private elementary schools in North Carolina
Schools in Wilmington , North Carolina
Amalia Küssner Coudert ( March 26 , 1863 – May 1932 ) was an American artist from Terre Haute , Indiana , who is best known for their portrait miniatures of prominent American and European figures of the late 19th and early 20th century . Subjects for their paintings include actores Lillian Russell and Marie Tempest ; wealthy socialites Caroline Schermerhorn Astor , Emily Havemeyer ( the wife of Theodore Havemeyer ) ; members of Britain 's royal family and London society such as King Edward VII , Alice Keppel , and Consuelo Vanderbilt , the Duchess of Marlborough ; as well as members of the Russian royal family , including Czar Nicholas II and their wife , Czarina Alexandra Feodorovna ; and wealthy industrialists such as Cecil Rhodes .
Early life and education
Amalia `` Amalie '' Küssner was born on March 26 , 1863 , in Crawfordsville , Indiana , to German immigrants , Lorenz and Emilie ( Weinhardt ) Küssner .
The family , including Amalia 's older siblings , Albert and Louisa , lived briefly in Greencastle , Indiana , before moving to Terre Haute , Indiana , on February 24 , 1864 . At Terre Haute , Lorenze Küssner ran the Palace of Music , a musical instrument repair shop at 213 Ohio Street . In 1867 , after a fire destroyed the building , the Küssner music business moved to 219 Ohio Street , where the family lived in an apartment above the shop . Lorenz Küssnergave their daughter their first a miniature portrait on ivory when they were twelve years old . They enjoyed sketching the local scenery and began painting their own miniature portraits of family and friends on pieces of ivory , often from the discarded piano keys of damaged pianos .
Küssner attended local elementary schools in Terre Haute and studied art in 1872–74 with Sister Maurice Schnell at Saint Mary 's Academy , which later became Saint Mary-of-the-Woods College . Küssnergraduated from Terre Haute High School in June 1881 . From 1883 to 1885 , they continued their education at the boarding school of Madame Da Saliva and Mrs. Bradford in New York . After returning to Terre Haute , Küssner studied under local tutor Helen Minshall , became a charter member of the city 's Decorative Arts Society , established an art studio , and began their career as a painter of portrait miniatures .
Marriage
Küssner met Charles duPont Coudert , a wealthy international lawyer , during a trip to Paris , France , in March 1896 . Their courtship was interrupted in 1898 due to their military service in the Philippines during the Spanish–American War , but it resumed after their return to the United States in 1899 . On July 4 , 1900 , Küssner married Captain duPont Coudert in a private ceremony attended only by their mothers in the sacristy at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in New York City . A small dinner party at the Hotel Savoy followed the ceremony and the newlyweds sailed for England the next day .
The New York Times society page reported that the surprisingly `` hasty wedding ... made quite a little stir '' although the couple had known each other for more than four years at the time of their wedding and had been frequent companions at public events and social gatherings in New York .
Professional life
During the early years of their career in Terre Haute , Indiana , Küssner painted miniature portraits of the likenesses of wealthy local residents that included members of the Fairbanks , Minshall , Baker , and Reynolds families . After moving to New York City in 1891 , they became famous for their miniature portrait work . Them typical miniature portraits were painted on small , oval discs of ivory from one to three inches in diameter . They reportedly completed more than 200 miniature portraits of notable individuals during their career . In many instances , the artist portrayed their subjects in a favorable light , choosing to emphasize their best features instead of reproducing exact likenesses .
New York City and Chicago
By 1892 Küssner had settled in New York City to pursue a career painting miniature portraits . Armed with introductions from their school friend and state actor Alice Fischer , as well as examples of their work , Küssner began to receive commissions to painted portraits of Manhattan 's elite . They maintained a studio at their apartments in the Windsor Hotel and was paid an estimated US $ 1,000 per portrait .
Küssner 's early clients included Emily Havemeyer , the wife of Theodore Havemeyer ; actores Lillian Russell and Marie Tempest ; and Caroline Schermerhorn Astor , the wife of William B. Astor ( grandson of John Jacob Astor ) . While visiting their brother 's family in Chicago , Illinois , in 1894 , Küssner was commissioned to paint miniature portraits of the Armour family , founders of the successful meatpacking firm , Armour and Company . In addition to painting , Küssner taught art . Among their pupils was the miniaturist Rosa Hooper .
By the mid-1890s , coverage of Küssner in New York and Chicago newspapers and magazines introduced some inaccuracies in the details of their life . In the February 2 , 1895 , issue of Harper 's Bazaar , for example , a writer profiled their luxuriously decorated studio and described them as a 22-year-old child prodigy , even though they were 31 at the time . Küssner did nothing to correct the error . Throughout their life , they claimed to be a full decade younger than their actual age . Küssner also encouraged those who described them as `` girl artist '' and took advantage of the publicity to promote themselves and their work .
Paintings of royalty
Küssner traveled to Europe in March 1896 under the patronage of socialite Minnie Paget . Through Paget 's social connections , Küssner received commissions to paint miniature portraits of British royalty and London society that included Consuelo Vanderbilt , the Duchess of Marlborough . Küssner became well known for their miniature paintings of European royalty after returning to London in 1897 to paint miniature portraits of the Prince of Wales , who later became
King Edward VII . In 1899 , Küssner traveled to St. Petersburg , Russia , to paint miniature portraits of several members of the Russian royal family , including Czar Nicholas II and their wife , Czarina Alexandra Feodorovna at the Winter Palace . Küssner also painted miniature portraits of Grand Duchess Maria Pavlovna , an aunt of Czar Nicholas II , and Grand Duchess Elena Vladimirovna , the daughter of Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich of Russia . At the height of their career in the late 1880s , Küssner earned them as much as US $ 4,000 per portrait .
Later years
In 1899 Küssner traveled to southern Africa to obtain permission from Cecil Rhodes , a British diamond mining magnate , to paint their miniature portrait . They began the work at their summer home in Africa and completed the portrait after returning to New York City . Following their marriage in July 1900 , they accepted only a few commissions for their portrait work , but did not give it up entirely . A New York Times article in 1901 claimed that Amalia Küssner Coudert was `` meeting with great success '' in London , but , for the most part , their career dwindled and eventually ended after their marriage .
Küssner duPont Coudert 's most notable work after 1900 included a return trip to Russia in 1902 to paint a second miniature portrait of Czarina Alexandra Feodorovna . After returning to England , they painted a miniature portrait in 1903 of Alice Keppel , the mistress of the King Edward VII . In 1904 , Küssner Coudert was involved in a lawsuit in London with Ada Watney regarding payment for a miniature portrait .
Although Amalia and Charles duPont Coudert maintained a mansion in New York , which was a wedding gift from their mother , the couple spent most of their married life traveling d throughout Europe . The couple also owned at least one piece of notable art . In 1911 , the dePont Couderts loaned a Pierre Puvis de Chavannes painting titled `` Child Gathering Apples '' to the Metropolitan Museum of Art . The duPont Couderts sold the family home in New York in 1914 and purchased Windlesham Hall , a Tudor castle in Surrey , England .
Death and legacy
Amalia Küssner duPont Coudert died of a `` lung ailment '' at Montreux , Switzerland , in May 1932 . Examples of their miniature portraits are in the collections of the Swope Art Museum in Terre Haute , Indiana , and the Cincinnati Art Museum in Cincinnati , Ohio .
In addition to their paintings , Küssner Coudert is remembered for a 1906 article they wrote for Century Magazine about their experience painting Czar Nicholas II and Czarina Alexandra of Russia in March 1899 . In `` The Human Side of the Tsar , '' the artist describes in significant detail the royal lodgings , their interactions with the royal family and staff , and the process of painting their portraits , providing a rare glimpse into the personal lives of the family . They also relayed that the royal family referred to each other as `` Emperor '' and `` Empress '' and spoke English in the home .
References
External links
`` Amalia Küssner Coudert '' , image in the collections of the Indiana Historical Society at Indianapolis
1863 births
1932 deaths
People from Terre Haute , Indiana
American women painters
Painters from Indiana
People from Greencastle , Indiana
19th-century American painters
20th-century American painters
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American women artists
The Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards Argentina 2011 took place on 11 October 2011 at 20:00 hrs ( Argentine Time ) in the Microestadio Malvinas Argentinas in the city of Buenos Aires . Nicolás Vázquez was presented as host . The nominees were presented on 22 August 2011 for 14 categories . Pro-social Award was presented to the Foundation of Southern Ideas Marcelo Tinelli and the lifetime achievement award was given to Cris Morena .
The musical performances during the awards were telecasts Teen Angels . that carry out the single `` Que Llegue tu Voz '' and `` Mirame , Mirate '' from their album TeenAngels 5 . Dulce Maria , Tan Bionica and Sueña conmigo of performances during the telecast of the event , and each sang a medley of some of their latest hits .
As in previous years , voting was conducted online through the official website of the program . In addition , the network of Facebook page also can vote through Facebook accounts 'fans ' first channel .
Background
The editing in Argentina was confirmed in early 2011 . Original event earlier this year , but Nickelodeon then confirmed that the show take place after the 2011 Kids Choice Awards Mexico . In August 2011 it was confirmed that the presenter would be Nicolás Vázquez .
Hosts
Nicolás Vázquez
Announcer
Roger ( fictional character Nickelodeon )
Performers
The cast of Sueña conmigo ( `` Sueña Conmigo '' )
Dulce María ( `` Ya No '' )
Tan Bionica ( `` Ella '' )
Teen Angels ( `` Que Llegue tu Voz '' and `` Mirame , Mirate '' )
Presenters
Agustín Almeyda
Roger González
María del Cerro
Guido Kaczka
Valeria Baroni
Gabo Ramos
Benjamín Amadeo
Vanessa Leiro
Brenda Asnicar
Franco Massini
Juan Ciancio
MR
Valeria Gastaldi
Evaluna Montaner
Eiza González
Guido Penneli
Favio Posca
Lucia Precul
Santiago Ramundo
Griselda Siciliani
María Eugenia Suárez
Gastón Vietto
Pablo Martínez
Candela Vetrano
Matías Martin
Categories
Newcomer on TV
Favourite Actor
Favourite Actress
Athlete of the Year
Favourite Latin Singer or Band
Favourite International Singer
Favourite Song
Favourite Animated Show
Favourite Villain
Favourite Latin TV Show
Favourite International TV Show
Favourite Animated Film
Favourite Videogame
References
Kids ' Choice Awards
Nickelodeon Kids ' Choice Awards
Andy Adams is the Grosset & Dunlap house name for three writers who authored the Biff Brewster series of adventure and mystery novels for adolescent boys in the early and mid-1960s . The real-world authors were Walter B. Gibson , Edward Pastore , and Peter Harkins .
References
External links
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American male writers
American mystery novelists
American children 's writers
House names
American adventure novelists
American male novelists
Gynandrae is a botanical name of an order of flowering plants . It was used in the Wettstein system for the order containing the orchids and is a descriptive name referring to the stamens . The Bentham & Hooker and the Engler systems also used a descriptive name for this order , but preferred the name Microspermae .
In taxonomical systems these two descriptive names have now mostly dropped out of use , being displaced by the name Orchidales ( formed from the family name Orchidaceae ) .
Gynandrae in the Wettstein system
order Gynandrae
family Orchideae
Historically recognized angiosperm orders
Timothy Mike `` Cannonball '' Berry ( August 23 , 1911 – May 2 , 1992 ) , also nicknamed `` Showboat Mike '' , was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues .
Early life
Timothy Mike Berry was born on August 23 , 1911 in Kansas City , Kansas .
Playing career
Barnstorming/Independent/Minor Leagues
Berry began their career with the Thatcher 's Colts , a Black semi pro team sponsored by a local Kansas City mortuary . A short time later , they joined the barnstorming Van Dyke 's Colored House of David in 1935 as a pitcher , where they were often advertised as their `` ace hurler '' . On August 12 , 1937 Berry garnered attention in Vancouver , British Columbia when they struck out 20 batters and allowed 1 hit in a 3-0 victory over a local all star team . They remained with this club through 1939 . During World War II , Berry worked at the shipyards in the San Francisco/Oakland area and played on the A-26 Boilermakers , a club representing Black trade workers . Berry appeared for various other teams in California including the Oakland Pierce Giants , California Eagles , San Francisco Sea Lions , and Berkeley Tigers . In 1951 Berry joined several other Negro Leaguers on the Brandon Greys and Elmwood Giants of the Man-Dak League in Canada .
Seattle Steelheads
When Abe Saperstein 's Harlem Globetrotters baseball team joined the West Coast Negro Baseball Association and rebranded as the Seattle Steelheads in 1946 , Berry was on the roster . On June 20 , Berry fanned 13 hitters in a 10-0 win over the Portland Rosebuds in Vancouver . Berry remained with the club when the league folded and the ballclub itself was merged into the Cincinnati Crescents later that fall .
Major Leagues
St. Louis Stars
Berry had 4 stints in the majors , first appearing with the St. Louis Stars of the Negro American League in 1937 . In St. Louis , Berry made a lone appearance in league play , giving up 2 runs in 0.1 innings of relief .
Atlanta Black Crackers
Berry made a single recorded appearance in 1938 with the Atlanta Black Crackers , starting 1 game and giving up 8 runs in 3.1 innings .
Kansas City Monarchs
Berry received a brief trial on the Monarchs in 1934 , pitching in an exhibition game against their former Thatcher 's Colts team . In 1947 , Berry reunited with the Monarchs , where they primarily pitched as a reliever . In Kansas City , Berry logged 36 innings and 15 appearances , posting a 5.50 ERA .
Cleveland Buckeyes
Berry made a single appearance in right field for the Cleveland Buckeyes in 1948 , going hitless in 3 at bats .
Pitching style
Initially receiving the nickname `` Cannonball '' from newspaper writers for their high speed fastball , Berry was also described as a `` curve ball artist . '' As they continued barnstorming and playing into their 40s , they were noted for their `` stuff '' deliveries .
Death
Mike Berry died on May 2 , 1992 in Oakland , California .
Confusion with John Paul Berry
Early sources attribute some of Mike 's career information to John Paul Berry , a first baseman who briefly appeared on the Monarchs barnstorming rosters in 1935 , 1936 , and 1945 .
References
External links
and Seamheads
Atlanta Black Crackers players
Kansas City Monarchs players
St. Louis Stars ( 1937 ) players
1911 births
1992 deaths
Baseball players from Kansas
Baseball pitchers
People from Kansas City , Kansas
Cleveland Buckeyes players
Seattle Steelheads players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Łada ( ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów , within Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-east of Chrzanów , east of Janów Lubelski , and south of the regional capital Lublin . According to the National Census , it had 517 inhabitants in 2011 and was the third largest village in Gmina Chrzanów .
History
The first mention of the village dates back to 1245 and concerns a raid by knyaz Vasilko . In the 14th century it was a royal village and in 1377 it became the property of Dymitr of Goraj . After their death , it was inherited by their nephews . Then , in 1508 , the village was owned by Mikołaj Firlej , the governor of the voivodeship . In 1517 Łada was bought by Wiktoryn Sienieński , who gave it to the Górka family . Toward the end of the 16th century Jan Zamoyski bought the village from their heirs and incorporated it into the ordynacja a few years later ( 1601 ) . In the mid-17th century , there was a pond with a mill , an orchard and an inn with a brewery in the village . Due to its location , Łada played a role of a craft and service base for Goraj . At the end of the 18th century , there was a folwark , 3 inns and a brewery in the village . During the Napoleonic Wars , due to military travels and quarters , natural disasters , crop failures , and diseases , the population ( 15 arable land were abandoned ) , inventory and livestock ( 50-90 % ) decreased . In the 19th century Uniates arrived from neighboring Malinie ( the Rus population had also been present earlier ) . According to statistics from 1921 Łada had 116 houses and 702 residents . In the interwar period , a school was established and the Rural Youth Circle Siew was active . During World War II , on May 24 , 1944 , a German air raid took place . The fire caused by the bombardment consumed 73 households . In 1946 a fire department was established . In 1955-1962 , Łada was the seat of a gromada .
References
Bibliography
Skorowidz miejscowości Rzeczypospolitej Polskiej . Województwo lubelskie . ( 1924 ) . 4 . Warsaw . p. 36 .
Opis Gmin Powiatu Janowskiego , 1933 r .
Archiwum Ordynacji Zamojskiej , sygn . :9 , 15 ; 3198 , 12–12v , 32v–35v .
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The 1931 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1931 . Before the satellite age started in the 1960s , data on east Pacific hurricanes was extremely unreliable . Most east Pacific storms were of no threat to land .
Systems
Possible Tropical Cyclone One
On July 3 , a tropical cyclone possibly existed south of Acapulco . A ship measured a pressure of .
Possible Tropical Cyclone Two
In the western part of the Gulf of Tehuantepec , a possible tropical cyclone existed on July 10 . A ship reported a pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Three
On July 21 , a tropical cyclone began forming southwest of Manzanillo . It had completely formed by July 23 . It moved along the coast , and entered the Gulf of California . It was last observed on July 25 . This cyclone produced gales , and the lowest reported pressure was .
Tropical Cyclone Four
On July 26 , a tropical cyclone existed midway between Acapulco and Salina Cruz . The lowest pressure reported by a ship was .
Tropical Cyclone Five
In the central Pacific east-southeast of the Hawaiian Islands , a ship encountered a tropical cyclone on August 30 and 31 . It produced gales , and a pressure of .
Tropical Cyclone Six
South of the coast of Mexico , a tropical cyclone formed on September 6 . It paralleled the coast , entered the Gulf of California , and dissipated by September 14 .
This system sank an American steamship called the Colombia ( losses unknown ) . On land , the area around Santa Rosalía , Baja California Sur was severely devastated . More than 100 people were killed on land , mostly due to drowning .
In Santa Rosalía itself , fifty were killed . Numerous small craft were sunk , with at least eight people going down with them . A merchant ship called Perkins was damaged in the storm , with two people were washed overboard . On land , connections with the El Boleo copper mine were destroyed , with the mine itself flooded , causing $ 500,000 ( 1931 USD ) in damage . Hundreds were left homeless . In the aftermath , there was a shortage of food and medicine , and troops were dispatched to maintain order .
Tropical Cyclone Seven
The next tropical cyclone was a slightly weaker and faster-moving clone of the previous one . On September 14 , it formed at around the same location as the first , and took a similar path . It dissipated September 18 in the Gulf of California .
Tropical Cyclone Eight
A tropical cyclone existed from September 20 to on or just after September 24 . It formed well south of the Mexican coast . It moved northwestward , and dissipated off the coast of the Baja California Peninsula .
Tropical Cyclone Nine
On September 26 , a tropical cyclone formed south of the Mexican coast . It moved generally northwards , and dissipated in the Gulf of California sometime after September 29 .
See also
1931 Atlantic hurricane season
1931 Pacific typhoon season
1930s North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons
References
1931 in Mexico
Pacific hurricane seasons
1930s Pacific hurricane seasons
The New Theatre is a community theatre company in the Inner West Sydney suburb of Newtown , Australia . Established in October 1932 , it is the oldest theatre company in continuous production in New South Wales .
In the late 1950s , the theatre co-hosted the Mary Gilmore Award for the best new full-length play , along with the May Day Committees of Melbourne , Sydney and Newcastle .
The New Theatre relies on its performers , directors , designers , and crew working as volunteers .
List of productions and performed readings
The following productions and performances have taken place in the past .
1953 - Reedy River
1989 - Windy Gully .
1999 - Summer of the Aliens ; Lots more Funny Business ; The Removalists ; Othello ; A Midsummer Night 's Dream ; Poor Superman ; Relative Comfort ; A Cheery Soul .
2000 - One Word We .
2001 - Party Time Politics ; Charles Dickens ' Hard Times ; Once in a while odd thing happens ; The Man in the Moon is a Miss ; The Club ; The Diary of Anne Frank ; Cries ; Who 's Afraid of the Working Class ? ; Search & Destroy ; The Body Ophelia ; Les Liaisons Dangereuses ; World Premiere : Pandora 's Garden .
2002 - Lemon Delicious ; Moved Reading of Six Pack ; Fairy Tales of Oscar Wilde ; Gross Indecency : The Three Trials of Oscar Wilde ; Reedy River 2002 ; In Angel Gear ; The Tempest ; Abducting Diana ; The Castle ; Gabriel ; Mad Before Midday ; One-off moved Playreadings .
2003 - Funny Money , Mother Clap 's Molly House , Lemon Delicious , Killing of Sister George , Silence , Dancing at Lughnasa , Assassins , Twelfth Night , African Gothic , Skylight , Blasted , A Room of One 's Own , Woman in a Tree on A Hill , The Beauty Queen of Leenane , Zoo Story , The Dumb Waiter , The Plough & the Stars , Julius Caesar , Macbeth , Speed-the-Plow , Gary 's House .
2004 - A Christmas Carol , Into The Woods , Features of a Blown Youth , Navigating , Gagarin Way , La Musica and Savannah Bay , Going to St Ives , Danton 's Death , War , Our Town , Richard III , Double Take : Shakespeare Scenework , Another Country , A Twist of Lemon Delicious , Falsettos , Hating Alison Ashley .
2005 - Seven Little Australians , Falling Petals , The Wild Duck , Medea , Continental Drift ( Lunch With Ludwig , The Girl on the Sofa , I Was In the House , Waiting for the Rain ) , The Woman in the Window , Manly Mates , Running up a Dress , The Winslow Boy , Thief River , The Titanic Orchestra , Pelleas and Melisande , The Country , Black Sail White Sail .
2006 - Thief River , Love Potions , Any Port in a Storm , The Titanic Orchestra , Aba Daba Honeymoon , A Beautiful Life , The Caucasian Chalk Circle , The Club , Journey 's End , Not About Heroes , The Lady of the Camellias , Fencelines , The Voysey Inheritance , A Cultural Kebab , Laughter on the 23rd Floor , Shakin the Tree , Badjelly the Witch .
2007 - You 're Never Too Old to Play ! ; Badjelly the Witch ; Life After George ; Talking to Terrorists ; Oh What a Lovely War ; Mate ! ; the Man From Mukinupin ; Damages ; After the End ; Honeymoon Suite ; Ghosts ; Traitors ; Art Is a Weapon ; New Theatre 75th Birthday Celebration ; Howard 's End , Election Night - Saturday 24 November 2007 ; Morning Tide ; Confusions .
2008 - Angels in America - Part One : Millennium Approaches , The Real Inspector Hound , King Lear , Second Childhood , New Directions 2008 : Catapult ; Airsick ; The Carnivores ; Colder Than Here , Kid 's Club - Winter , Summer
2016 - David Mamet 's adaptation of The Cherry Orchard 26 April - 28 May 2016 with an original musical score by Eliza Scott .
References
External links
Amateur theatre companies in Australia
1932 establishments in Australia
Theatre in Sydney
Newtown , New South Wales
The Beauty Shoppers is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and starring Mae Busch , Doris Hill and Ward Crane .
Cast
Mae Busch as Mabel Hines
Doris Hill as Peggy Raymond
Ward Crane as Sloane Maddox
Thomas Haines as Dick Merwin
Cissy Fitzgerald as Mrs. Schuyler
James A. Marcus as Sam Billings
Leo White as Achille
Dale Fuller as Olga
William A. Carroll as Mr. Schuyler
Lucio Flamma as Artist
References
Bibliography
Munden , Kenneth White . The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures Produced in the United States , Part 1 . University of California Press , 1997 .
External links
1927 films
1927 comedy films
Silent American comedy films
Films directed by Louis J. Gasnier
American silent feature films
1920s English-language films
Tiffany Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1920s American films
Picnicface was a Canadian sketch comedy troupe based in Halifax , Nova Scotia , consisting of Mark Little , Andrew Bush , Kyle Dooley , Cheryl Hann , Brian MacQuarrie , Evany Rosen , Scott Vrooman and Bill Wood . Formed in 2006 , the group were most noted for a 13-episode sketch comedy television series which aired on The Comedy Network in 2011 .
Background
The group has performed in Vancouver , Edmonton , Toronto , and other Canadian cities . They have had a special on CBC Radio and had a weekly sketch and improv comedy show in Halifax .
In 2011 , Picnicface were featured in a film called Roller Town and a satirical book about Canada for HarperCollins Canada called Picnicface 's Canada .
Television series
Thirteen episodes have been ordered by The Comedy Network . Picnicface aired on Wednesday nights at 10:30 pm Eastern/9:30 pm Central . The series was executive-produced by Mark McKinney from The Kids in the Hall .
The series won three Canadian Comedy Awards at the 13th Canadian Comedy Awards in 2012 , for Best TV Series , Best Ensemble and Best Writing in a TV Series .
In late April 2012 , Bell Media , the network 's owner , decided not to renew the series for a second season .
Episodes
Later work
In 2013 , Bush created the comedy web series Everyone 's Famous , which received two Canadian Screen Award nominations at the 2nd Canadian Screen Awards . In 2018 , Bush and Little created and starred in the comedy series Cavendish , which premiered on CBC Television in January 2019 .
Rosen was one of the creators , alongside Kayla Lorette , of the comedy web series New Eden .
References
External links
2010s Canadian sketch comedy television series
2011 Canadian television series debuts
2011 Canadian television series endings
CTV Comedy Channel original programming
Canadian comedy troupes
Comedy collectives
Canadian Comedy Award winners
Darvari Glacier ( , ) is the 9 km long in northwest-southeast direction and 1.7 km wide glacier on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica situated southwest of Boryana Glacier and northeast of Zaychar Glacier . It drains the southeast slopes of Detroit Plateau , flowing between Rice Bastion and Grivitsa Ridge , and entering Mundraga Bay in Weddell Sea 6 km north of Fothergill Point .
The glacier is named after the settlement of Darvari in Northern Bulgaria .
Location
Darvari Glacier is centred at . British mapping in 1978 .
Map
British Antarctic Territory . Scale 1:200000 topographic map . DOS 610 Series , Sheet W 64 60 . Directorate of Overseas Surveys , UK , 1978 .
References
Darvari Glacier . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Glaciers of Nordenskjöld Coast
Montenegro sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 to 18 September 2016 . This was the nation 's third time competing at a Paralympic Games since it became independent from its federation with Serbia in June 2006 . Montenegro was represented by two athletes in Rio de Janeiro : shot putter and discus thrower Marijana Goranović and short-distance swimmer Ilija Tadić . Goranović competed in two events in field and their best finish was in the women 's shot put F41 competition , where they came eighth . Tadić took part in two swimming events and their best performance was in the men 's 50 metre freestyle S9 tournament , where they placed 14th overall and did not advance to the final .
Background
Montenegro became an independent country from its federation with Serbia on 3 June 2006 after a referendum on Montenegrin independence the month before . The country made its debut at the 2008 Beijing Summer Paralympic Games , and have appeared in every Summer Paralympics since , making Rio de Janeiro its third appearance at a Summer Paralympiad as an independent nation . Montenegro has not won its first medal at a Paralympic Games and has yet to debut in the Winter Paralympics . The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part . The Paralympic Committee of Montenegro sent two athletes to compete at the Rio Paralympics : shot putter and discus thrower Marijana Goranović and Ilija Tadić , a short-distance swimmer . Tadić was selected to be the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
At the time of the Rio Paralympics , Marijana Goranović was 27 years old . They were competing in their second Paralympic Games , having previously represented Montenegro at the 2012 Summer Paralympics . Goranović 's disability is congenital ; they are a person of short stature and is classified as F41 . They qualified for the Rio Games by meeting the `` A '' qualifying standards for the women 's shot put and discus throw events at a meeting in the Montenegrin town of Bar in April 2016 . This was officially confirmed by the International Paralympic Committee on 30 June . Before the Paralympics , Goranović said , `` I had enough time to recover after throwing the ball , I felt the terrain and the atmosphere at the Olympic Stadium , I have done two training sessions , and I 've thrown over 20 meters , and I hope to repeat it when it 's needed the most . '' On 9 September , they competed in the women 's shout put F41 , finishing eighth out of nine athletes , with a mark of 6.57 metres . Six days later , Goranović participated in the discus throw F40–41 . They placed ninth out of thirteen finishing athletes with a new personal best mark of 19.28 metres .
Women 's Field
Swimming
Competing in their maiden Paralympic Games , Ilija Tadić was 17 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics . They are classified as S9 because their left arm is amputated below the elbow . Tadić qualified for these Paralympics at an internationally sanctioned meeting in the Croatian city of Split in January 2016 because their best time of 26.65 seconds was three-hundredths of a second faster than the `` A '' qualifying standard for the men 's 50 metre freestyle S9 event . They said before the Games that their objective was to justify the expectations put upon them by the Montenegrin delegation by finishing with the best possible result . Tadić competed in the heat stages of the men 's 100 metres freestyle S9 competition on 12 September . Assigned to heat two , they came sixth out of seven swimmers , with a time of 59.91 seconds . Only the top eight between all three heats could advance to the finals , and Tadić was eliminated since they ranked 17th overall . The next day , they were drawn to the third heat of the men 's 50 metres freestyle S9 competition , finishing with a time of 27.60 seconds , which put them joint in fifth and last position with Cody Bureau of the United States . Tadić did not advance to the final since only the top eight swimmers were permitted in the last stage of the tournament .
Men
See also
Montenegro at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Montenegrin sport
The 1st Annual Latin Grammy Awards were held in Los Angeles at the Staples Center on Wednesday , September 13 , 2000 . The big winners were Luis Miguel , Santana and Maná with 3 awards ; Juan Luis Guerra , Shakira , Fito Páez and Emilio Estefan Jr. received 2 awards each .
Winners were chosen by voting members of the Latin Academy from a list of finalists . The inaugural ceremony was broadcast live on CBS that year and was seen in more than 100 countries across the world . The two-hour show was the first bilingual broadcast ever to air on network television during prime time .
History
On January 20 , 2000 , the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences announced that the inaugural Latin Grammy Awards were going to take place on September 15 , 2000 , in Los Angeles and the awards ceremony would be broadcast in the United States by CBS , which will also distribute it to other countries . Nominations in 40 categories were to be released in August 2000 .
The list of nominees for the 1st Annual Latin Grammy Awards , slated for September 13 , 2000 in Los Angeles , was unveiled on Friday , July 7 , 2000 , in a Miami ceremony hosted by Michael Greene , President of the National Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences .
Leading the chase for statuettes were Marc Anthony , Shakira and Fito Páez with five nominations each . Juan Luis Guerra , Carlos Vives , and Maná , garnered four nominations . Earning three nominations were Luis Miguel , along with La Ley . Ricky Martin earned for two nominations . Christina Aguilera , received a nod on the Latin side of the musical divide for the Spanish-language remake of `` Genie in a Bottle '' titled `` Genio Atrapado '' . In addition to the awards , Emilio Estefan Jr. was honored as the Latin Academy 's First Latin Recording Academy Person of the Year . That award was presented during a dinner on September 11 , 2000 , at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills , California .
The awards were organized by the Latin Academy of Recording Arts & Sciences ( LARAS ) , incorporated by NARAS in 1997 . LARAS is a membership-based association of musicians , producers , engineers and other recording professionals . The list of final nominees revealed was a result of balloting by LARAS members .
Live telecast
The list of hosts for the first-ever Latin Grammy Awards , included Gloria Estefan , Antonio Banderas , Jimmy Smits , Andy García and Jennifer Lopez , who also was announced to perform their hit single `` No Me Ames '' with Marc Anthony , but Anthony ( with six nominations that night ) did not attend the show citing complications with their ( then ) wife 's pregnancy .
Son By Four also were announced performing a duet with boy band 'N Sync , with some singing in Spanish by the American band .
The telecast kicked off with a tribute to the late Tito Puente featuring Ricky Martin , Celia Cruz , and Gloria Estefan . Performances throughout the show included Santana & Maná , 'N Sync & Son By Four , Christina Aguilera , Shakira , Miami Sound Machine and Alejandro Fernández .
The two-hour show was the first bilingual broadcast ever to air on network television during prime time . It was broadcast around the world , either simultaneously or live on tape .
Compilation album
On September 12 , 2000 , Sony Discos released the first `` Latin Grammy Nominees CD '' to coincide with the inaugural awards with nominees from three categories , Record of the Year , Best Female Pop Vocal Performance and Best Tropical Song , with a portion of the proceeds to support the Latin Academy Of Recording Arts and Sciences for community-outreach efforts . It was expected that various labels took turns releasing Latin Grammy sets each year .
Nominations and winners
The nominations were announced on July 7 , 2000 and the winners were revealed on September 13 , 2000 , including Maná , Luis Miguel and Santana each grabbing three trophies at the event . Santana and Maná won Record of the Year for the track `` Corazón Espinado '' from Santana 's album , Supernatural and the same track was honored for Rock Duo or Group with Vocal . Maná also won Best Pop Performance and Santana won Best Pop Instrumental . Amarte Es Un Placer , by Mexican pop singer Luis Miguel won Album of the Year , Best Pop Album and Best Male Pop Performance . Marc Anthony 's `` Dímelo '' picked up Song of the Year , and at age 73 , Ibrahim Ferrer won Best New Artist . Emilio Estefan Jr. , who was up for six honors , won only two awards : Producer of the Year and the Music Video award for directing their wife Gloria 's `` No Me Dejes de Querer '' . Meanwhile , Carlos Vives , also with six nominees , went home with no trophies . Tito Puente won posthumously for Traditional Tropical Performance for the title track from their final album , Mambo Birdland . Their son and daughter accepted the award on their behalf . Winners were chosen by voting members of the Latin Academy from a list of finalists . The ceremony was broadcast live on CBS and was seen in more than 100 countries across the world .
Awards
Winners are in bold text .
General
Record of the Year
Santana featuring Maná – `` Corazón Espinado ''
Marc Anthony – `` Dímelo ''
Rubén Blades – `` Tiempos ''
Ricky Martin – `` Livin ' la Vida Loca ''
Carlos Vives – `` Fruta Fresca ''
Album of the Year
Luis Miguel – Amarte Es Un Placer
Juan Luis Guerra 440 – Ni Es Lo Mismo Ni Es Igual
Shakira – MTV Unplugged
Caetano Veloso – Livro
Carlos Vives – El Amor de Mi Tierra
Song of the Year
Marc Anthony , Robert Blades , Angie Chirino and Cory Rooney – `` Dímelo '' ( Marc Anthony )
Juan Carlos Calderón – `` O Tú o Ninguna '' ( Luis Miguel )
Fito Páez – `` Al Lado del Camino ''
Juan Luis Guerra – `` El Niágara en Bicicleta ''
Martin Madera – `` Fruta Fresca '' ( Carlos Vives )
Best New Artist
Ibrahim Ferrer
Café Quijano
Amaury Gutiérrez
Fernando Osorio
Ivete Sangalo
Pop
Best Female Pop Vocal Performance
Shakira – `` Ojos Así ''
Christina Aguilera – `` Genio Atrapado ''
Zizi Possi – `` Meu Erro ''
Mercedes Sosa – `` Al Despertar ''
Jaci Velasquez – `` Llegar a Ti ''
Best Male Pop Vocal Performance
Luis Miguel – `` Tu Mirada ''
Marc Anthony – `` Dímelo ''
Alejandro Fernández – `` Quiéreme ''
Ricky Martin – `` Bella ''
Carlos Vives – `` Fruta Fresca ''
Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals
Maná – `` Se Me Olvidó Otra Vez ''
Ketama – `` Miénteme ''
Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony – `` No Me Ames ''
Só Pra Contrariar featuring Gloria Estefan – `` Santo Santo ''
Andreas Vollenweider and Milton Nascimento – `` Cor Do Amor ''
Best Pop Instrumental Performance
Santana – `` El Farol ''
Raúl di Blasio – `` El Despertar Escandalo ''
Ivan Lins – `` Dois Córregos ''
Frankie Marcos featuring Arturo Sandoval – `` Oh Havana , When I Think Of You ''
Nestor Torres – `` Luna Latina ''
Best Pop Vocal Album
Luis Miguel – Amarte Es Un Placer
Ketama – Toma Ketama !
Maná – MTV Unplugged
Pablo Milanés – Vengo Naciendo
Shakira – MTV Unplugged
Rock
Best Female Rock Vocal Performance
Shakira – `` Octavo Día ''
Erica Garcia – `` Vete Destino ''
Alejandra Guzmán – `` Algo Natural ''
Rosario – `` Jugar A La Locura ''
Cecilia Toussaint – `` Como La Nada ''
Best Male Rock Vocal Performance
Fito Páez – `` Al Lado del Camino ''
Enrique Bunbury – `` El Extranjero ''
Andrés Calamaro – `` Te Quiero Igual ''
Gustavo Cerati – `` Bocanada ''
Charly García – `` Sweet Home Buenos Aires ''
Best Rock Performance by a Duo/Group with Vocals
Santana featuring Maná – `` Corazón Espinado ''
Jarabe de Palo – `` Depende ''
Los Fabulosos Cadillacs – `` La Vida ''
Jaguares – `` Fín ''
La Ley – `` Aquí ''
Best Rock Song
Fito Páez – `` Al Lado del Camino ''
Beto Cuevas and Aldo Nova – `` Aquí '' ( La Ley )
Saúl Hernández – `` Fín '' ( Jaguares )
Gustavo Cerati – `` Puente ''
Fermin Caballero , Raul Chapa and Jason Roberts – `` Si Señor '' ( Control Machete )
Best Rock Album
Café Tacuba – Revés/Yo Soy
Jaguares – Bajo el Azul de Tu Misterio
Illya Kuryaki and the Valderramas – Leche
La Ley – Uno
Fito Páez – Abre
Tropical
Best Salsa Album
Celia Cruz – Celia Cruz and Friends : A Night of Salsa
Oscar D'León – La Formula Original
Los Van Van – Llegó . . . Van Van : Van Van Is Here
Gilberto Santa Rosa – Expresión
Son By Four – Son By Four
Best Merengue Album
Juan Luis Guerra 440 – Ni Es Lo Mismo Ni Es Igual
Elvis Crespo – Píntame
Grupo Manía – Masters Of The Stage
Hermanos Rosario – Bomba 2000
Olga Tañón – Olga Viva , Viva Olga
Best Traditional Tropical Album
Tito Puente – Mambo Birdland
Joe Arroyo – En Sol Mayor
Cachao – Cuba Linda
Ibrahim Ferrer – Buena Vista Social Club Presents Ibrahim Ferrer
Carlos Vives – El Amor De Mi Tierra
Best Tropical Song
Juan Luis Guerra – `` El Niágara en Bicicleta ''
Omar Alfanno – `` A Puro Dolor '' ( Son By Four )
Emilio Estefan Jr. and Kike Santander – `` Da La Vuelta '' ( Marc Anthony )
Martin Madera – `` Fruta Fresca '' ( Carlos Vives )
Robert Blades , Emilio Estefan Jr. and Gloria Estefan – `` No Me Dejes de Querer '' ( Gloria Estefan )
Regional
Best Ranchero Album
Alejandro Fernández – Mi Verdad
Antonio Aguilar – Consentida
Pepe Aguilar – Por mujeres como tú
Vicente Fernández – Vicente Fernández y los más grandes éxitos de los Dandy 's
Nydia Rojas – Si me conocieras
Best Banda Album
Banda el Recodo – Lo Mejor De Mi Vida
Banda Arkángel R-15 – Esperando un ángel
Banda Machos – Rancheras de oro
Banda Maguey – Mil Gracias
Graciela Beltrán – La reina del pueblo con banda
Joan Sebastian – El rey del jaripeo
Best Grupero Album
Los Temerarios – En La Madrugada se Fue
Ana Bárbara – Tu Decisión
Conjunto Primavera – Morir de Amor
Guardianes del amor – Un pedazo de luna
La Mafia – Momentos
Best Tejano Album
Los Palominos – Por Eso Te Amo
David Lee Garza & Los Musicales – Nadie como yo
Stefani Montiel – Dulce sensación
Bobby Pulido – El Cazador
A.B . Quintanilla & Los Kumbia Kings – Amor , Familia Y Respeto
Best Norteño Album
Los Tigres del Norte – Herencia de Familia
Grupo Atrapado – ¡Oh ! que gusto
Intocable – Contigo
Los Tucanes de Tijuana – Al por mayor
Cornelio Reyna Jr. featuring Ramón Ayala y Sus Bravos Del Norte – La leyenda continúa ...
Best Regional Song
Kike Santander – `` Mi Verdad '' ( Alejandro Fernández )
Ricardo Ceratto – `` Me Estoy Acostumbrando a Tí '' ( Pepe Aguilar )
Massias – `` Loco '' ( Alejandro Fernández )
Juan Carlos Medrano – `` El Carretonero '' ' ( Los Rieleros del Norte )
Edel Ramírez – `` No Debes Llorar '' ( Los Cosmos )
Traditional
Best Folk Album
Mercedes Sosa – Misa Criolla
Hevia – Tierra de nadie
Los Nocheros – Nocheros
Carlos Núñez – Os amores libres
Totó la Momposina – Pacantó
Best Tango Album
Lito Vitale and Juan Carlos Baglietto – Postales del Alma
Nestor Marconi – Trío Bien de arriba
Rodolfo Mederos – Eterno Buenos Aires
Nuevo Quinteto Real – Nuevo Quinteto Real
Quinteto Argentino de Cuerdas – Tangos de terciopelo
Best Flamenco Album
Camarón and Tomatito – Paris 87
Remedios Amaya – Gitana Soy
Juan Habichuela – De la zambra al duende ... un homenaje
El Lebrijano – Lágrimas de cera
Miguel Poveda – Suena Flamenco
Jazz
Best Jazz Album
Michel Camilo and Tomatito – Spain
Paquito D'Rivera – Tropicana Nights
Adrian Iaies Trio – Las Tardecitas de Minton 's
Chico O'Farrill – Heart of a Legend
Lalo Schifrin – Latin Jazz Suite
Brazilian
Best Brazilian Contemporary Pop Album
Milton Nascimento – Crooner
Zeca Baleiro – Vo Imbola
Ana Carolina – Ana Carolina
Zizi Possi – Puro Prazer
Ivete Sangalo – Ivete Sangalo
Best Brazilian Rock Album
Os Paralamas do Sucesso – Acústico MTV
Cássia Eller – Com Vocé ... Meu Mundo Ficaria Completo
Legião Urbana – Acústico MTV
Los Hermanos – Los Hermanos
Raimundos – Só no Forevis
Best Samba/Pagode Album
Zeca Pagodinho – Zeca Pagodinho ao Vivo
Alcione – Claridade
Martinho da Vila – Lusofonia
Velha Guarda da Portela – Tudo Azul
Velha Guarda da Mangueira – Velha Guarda da Mangueira e Convidados
Best MPB Album
Caetano Veloso – Livro
Maria Bethânia – A Forca Que Nunca Seca
Gilberto Gil – O Sol de Oslo
Joyce – Astronauta - Cancões de Elis
Lenine – Na Pressão
Best Sertaneja Music Album
Sérgio Reis – Sérgio Reis e Convidados
Zezé di Camargo & Luciano – Zezé di Camargo y Luciano
Leonardo – Tempo
Roberta Miranda – Ao Vivo - A Majestade o Sabiá
Wilson & Soraya – Nada Foi em Vão
Best Brazilian Roots/Regional Album
Paulo Moura & Os Batutas – Pixinguinha
Nilson Chaves – Tempo Destino : 25 Anos ao Vivo
Dominguinhos – Voce Vai Ver o Que é Bom
Toninho Ferragutti – Sanfonemas
Carlos Malta and Pife Muderno – Carlos Malta e Pife Muderno
Best Brazilian Song
Djavan – `` Acelerou ''
Chico César and Vanessa da Mata – `` A Forca Que Nunca Seca '' ( Maria Bethânia )
Marcelo Camelo – `` Anna Julia '' ( Los Hermanos )
Nando Reis – `` O Segundo Sol '' ( Cássia Eller )
Cristovão Bastos and Aldir Blanc – `` Suave Veneno '' ( Nana Caymmi )
Child 's
Best Children 's Album
Miliki – A Mis Niños de 30 Años
Daniela Luján – El diario de Daniela
Various Artists – Ellas cantan a cri cri
Maria del Rey – Lullabies of Latin America : canciones de cuna de Latinoamérica
Eliana – Primavera
Classical
Best Classical Album
Plácido Domingo – La Dolores
Aldo Antognazzi , Paquito D'Rivera and Brenda Feliciano – Música de dos Mundos
José María Vitier – Salmo de las Américas
Esa-Pekka Salonen – Sensamayá : The Music of Silvestre Revueltas
Eduardo Diazmuñoz and La Filarmonica de la Ciudad de Mexico – Twentieth Century Mexican Symphonic Music , Vol . 1
Production
Best Engineered Album
Carlos Álvarez , Mike Couzzi , Bolívar Gómez , Miguel Hernández , Luis Mansilla , Carlos Ordehl , Eric Ramos , July Ruiz , and Eric Schilling – Ni Es Lo Mismo Ni Es Igual ( Juan Luis Guerra )
Frank Filipetti – Abre ( Fito Páez )
Jerry Boys – Buena Vista Social Club Presents Ibrahim Ferrer ( Ibrahim Ferrer )
Moogie Canazio – João Gilberto Voz e Violão ( João Gilberto )
Joe Chiccarelli – Revés/Yo Soy ( Café Tacuba )
Producer of the Year
Emilio Estefan Jr .
Ry Cooder
Rudy Pérez
KC Porter
Caetano Veloso
Music Video
Best Music Video
Gloria Estefan – `` No Me Dejes de Querer ''
Los Fabulosos Cadillacs – `` La Vida ''
La Ley – `` Aquí ''
Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony – `` No Me Ames ''
Shakira – `` Ojos Así ''
References
2000 music awards
Latin Grammy Awards by year
2000 in Latin music
2000 in Los Angeles
September 2000 events in the United States
Elizabeth Tyldesley ( or Clare Mary Ann , OSC ) ( 1585–1654 ) was a 17th-century abbess at the Poor Clare Convent at Gravelines .
Life
Elizabeth Tyldesley born in 1585 , was the daughter of Thomas Tyldesley of Morleys Hall , Astley and Myerscough Hall and Elizabeth Anderton of Lostock , in Lancashire ( now Greater Manchester ) . Them family were recusants and their mother arranged a pension for the Roman Catholic priest , Ambrose Barlow , so that they could secretly carry out priestly duties , offering Mass in the homes of Roman Catholics in the Leigh parish . Them grandfather , Edward Tyldesley , had left them a dowry of £500 , but they never married .
Instead Elizabeth joined the English community of nuns of the Order of St. Clare , then called `` Claresses '' , at Gravelines , at that time part of the Spanish Netherlands . The Poor Clare Convent at Gravelines was a religious community founded in 1607 by Mary Ward for English Roman Catholic women who wished to live the contemplative life of a nun , which was impossible after the Reformation and its consequence , the Dissolution of the Monasteries .
Elizabeth was one of seven candidates who received their religious habits on 5 February 1609 . They assumed the name of Sister Clare Mary Ann when they received the habit . They completed their novitiate year and professed their first vows 3 November 1610 . The way of life of the Poor Clares was austere : the nuns slept on straw sacks , ate meat only at Christmas and spent much of their day in silent prayer or contemplation , speaking only when necessary and with permission .
Five years later , they were elected abbess of the community . Previous incumbents of that office had struggled with financial difficulties , but under Mother Clare Mary Ann the establishment flourished . In 1626 a Franciscan deposed them from their role as abbess and they were replaced with Margaret Radcliffe . This was a very unpopular move and a fire broke out at the convent which was supposed by some to be divine intervention . Tyldesley was restored to their former position in 1627 .
Tyldesley became Superior of four communities of Poor Clares , both Irish and English , and received more than a hundred women into religious life . Elizabeth died on 17 February 1654 after 44 years in the monastery , of which they had served as abbess for 39 .
Tyldesley 's nephew , the Cavalier and Catholic Sir Thomas Tyldesley , considered to be `` one of the wealthiest gentlemen in Lancashire '' , must have been proud of their aunt 's achievements , according to historian Gordon Blackwood .
References
Citations
Bibliography
Poor Clare abbesses
17th-century English Roman Catholic nuns
1585 births
1654 deaths
English Roman Catholic abbesses
People from the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan
Nuns of the Spanish Netherlands
Light and Shade is the fourth studio album by Norwegian new wave band Fra Lippo Lippi . It was recorded in Los Angeles , California and produced by Walter Becker ( of Steely Dan fame ) .
Following the success of the 1985 album Songs , Virgin Records had the band work on a follow-up album with the US as its intended target market . The first single `` Angel '' received moderate airplay on a radio station in Los Angeles . However , during this time , the US arm of Virgin Records dropped several artists off their roster — Fra Lippo Lippi being one of them . Frustrated by the album 's failure to capture the US market , the band parted ways with Virgin Records in 1988 .
Track listing
`` Angel ''
`` Freedom ''
`` Do n't Take Away That Light ''
`` Beauty and Madness ''
`` Home ''
`` Light and Shade ''
`` Some People ''
`` Crazy Wisdom ''
`` Stardust Motel ''
`` Indifference ''
Personnel
Rune Kristoffersen – bass
Per Øystein Sørensen – vocals , keyboards
Walter Becker – guitar
Tim Weston – guitar
Dean Parks – guitar
Mark Morgan – keyboards
Robbie Buchanan – keyboards
Mark Isham – trumpet
Tom Scott – saxophone
Jimmy Haslip – bass
Jimmy Johnson – bass
Abraham Laboriel – bass
Leroy Clouden – drums
Claude Pepper – drums
Jeff Porcaro – drums
Carlos Vega – drums
Paulinho da Costa – percussion
References
Fra Lippo Lippi ( band ) albums
1987 albums
Albums produced by Walter Becker
Virgin Records albums
Boli me uvo za sve ( I Do n't Care About Anything ) is the ninth studio album by Yugoslavian pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and their band Slatki Greh . It was released 23 October 1990 through the record label Diskoton .
The music video for Tamba Lamba was filmed in Kenya in August 1990 . This was their tenth of twelve albums with Slatki Greh .
This album was sold in a circulation of 450,000 copies .
Track listing
Personnel
Crew
Nedim Bačvić – design
Aleksandar Cvetinovski – photography
Dragutin Savić – photography
References
1990 albums
Lepa Brena albums
Diskoton albums
Serbo-Croatian language albums
The Pheasant Tail nymph or PT Nymph or Sawyer 's Pheasant Tail is a popular all purpose nymph imitation used by fly anglers . It imitates a large variety of olive , olive-brown colored aquatic insect larvae that many fish including trout and grayling feed upon .
Origin
Originally conceived and tied by Frank Sawyer MBE , an English River Keeper on the Hampshire Avon in 1958 , the Pheasant Tail Nymph is one of the oldest of modern nymphs . Sawyer was a friend of G. E. M. Skues , generally considered the father of modern nymph fishing and the Pheasant Tail was inspired by a fly known as the Pheasant Tail Red Spinner which seemed to catch more fished when it was submerged .
Skues used a soft-hackle fly with cock pheasant tail fibers for the body , but longer hackle for the legs . This fly was unweighted and rode in the top few inches of the stream with the hackle legs extended . Sawyer observed that typical mayfly nymphs floated in the stream with their legs held close to their body . The Pheasant Tail nymph was created with wire , pheasant tail fibers and short legs to get the fly deeper in the water column as well as replicate the natural appearance of typical mayfly nymph suspended in the flow .
The pattern quickly became successful on trout streams in England and America as it was an excellent imitation of the nymphs of any mayfly species with olive or olive-brown bodies .
Tying the fly
Frank Sawyers ' book Nymphs and the Trout first published in 1958 describes the method of tying and fishing the nymph . The design of the fly is significantly different from other flies in that Sawyer did not use thread to construct the fly , instead opting to use very fine copper wire . This has two effects ; it adds weight to the fly , enabling it to be fished deeper than similar patterns ( see below ) , and adds a subtle brightness to an otherwise drab fly .
Frank twisted the wire and pheasant tail fibers around one another , and wrapped them forward together , forming the thorax and abdomen . A few good variations have been developed over the years , but when you strip them away , it 's still Sawyer 's elegantly simple , devastatingly effective nymph .
Frank 's Pheasant Tail suggests many of the skinny nymphs that flourish in various habitats , exciting riffles to alluring deep holes in the rivers bed of chalk streams or spring creeks ; and in stillwaters of all sizes .
Fishing the Pheasant Tail
In streams and rivers , the Pheasant Tail can be presented below the surface if required , but it is at its most productive when allowed to sink close to the river bed on a dead drift and then gently raised in the water to imitate the behaviour of the natural insect . This behaviour of the fly stimulates trout to regard the fly as natural food , and to try to eat it , at which point the hook can be set . This technique has become known as the `` Induced Take '' , and the development of this technique may be considered to be as important as the development of the fly itself .
In chalk streams and spring creeks trout often take up station at the most advantageous feeding position . Cast upstream and allow the current to present your Pheasant Tail in a natural manner . Alternatively , cast across the stream , allow the fly to sink , and as the fly approaches the feeding trout stop the line and allow the fly to rise in the water . Watch the trout if you can , or alternatively watch the tip of the fly line for any movement and , if seen , lift the rod tip and gently set the hook .
On lakes , this is a very effective fly in the middle of the day during the Callibaetis season . Use a floating line with greased sunken leader , retrieve the fly very slowly just below the surface . Pay particular attention to shallow areas near weed beds
In the UK , Sawyer 's Pheasant Tail Nymph is an excellent imitation of `` agile darter '' nymphs , specifically Lake Olive ( Cloëon simile ) and Pond Olive ( Cloëon dipterum ) at any time of day , and can even be used during a midge ( chironomidae ) hatch .
Variations
As described in Trout Flies-The Tier 's Reference ( 1999 ) by Dave Hughes
Pheasant Tail Flashback
Pheasant Tail Peacock Thorax ( Al Troth )
As described in Flies for Trout , ( 1993 ) by Dick Stewart and Farrow Allen
American Pheasant Tail Nymph
Mostly Pheasant
Notes
Nymph patterns
Clambake is the sixteenth soundtrack album by American singer and musician Elvis Presley , released by RCA Victor in mono and stereo , LPM/LSP 3893 , in October 1967 . It is the soundtrack to the 1967 film of the same name starring Presley . They entered RCA Studio B in Nashville , Tennessee on February 21 , 1967 for Recording sessions for their twenty fifth film . Supplemental material sessions took place on September 10 and 11 , 1967 . It peaked at number 40 on the Billboard 200 .
Content
By the end of 1966 , Presley no longer commanded the same level of sales or artistic respect as they had during the first ten years of their career . But Elvis had little enthusiasm at this juncture for more soundtrack sessions , the project already in jeopardy before it started . The sessions turned out a fiasco ; of the eight songs recorded , two had been edited out of the film , and even with `` How Can You Lose What You Never Had '' restored to the soundtrack , that left an album of merely seven songs .
The album would prove to be a turning point in Presley 's career . After many years of churning out forgettable songs for forgettable films , they were clearly past their prime . All realms of popular music had totally bypassed them during the 1960s while they had been `` lost in Hollywood '' . So Presley decided to begin recording music written by accomplished songwriters . A session to record additional material in Hollywood was cancelled in August , rescheduled at RCA Studio B in September . Disregarding publishing control , Presley picked songs that appealed to them personally , including Eddy Arnold 's country and western hit of 1956 `` You Do n't Know Me '' and Jimmy Reed 's 1960 rhythm and blues hit , `` Big Boss Man . '' Both selections were issued as a single at the end of September before being added to the album , the A-side just barely making the Top 40 . Presley also requested a song they had heard on the radio in Los Angeles by Jerry Reed , inviting Reed themselves to duplicate the distinctive acoustic guitar part . They rousted Reed from a fishing-trip , who arrived to play on Presley 's version of their own composition , `` Guitar Man . '' After it was recorded , Reed refused to turn over the usual publishing percentages to Freddy Bienstock , another assault on the soundtrack formula that had been in place throughout the decade . Five songs were selected from this session to bring the album up to a total of twelve tracks .
Including this LP , of their fifteen albums since Pot Luck with Elvis in 1962 , only three had not been film soundtracks : one ( Elvis ' Golden Records Volume 3 ) was a compilation of hit singles , another ( Elvis for Everyone ) a compilation of leftovers from a ten-year span of recording sessions , and the third being a bona fide studio album , the gospel How Great Thou Art . Even with the five recent non-movie songs , including a hit single , Clambake sold less than 200,000 copies , faring worse than its predecessor Double Trouble which had been their lowest-charting album so far .
Reissues
In 2006 Clambake was reissued on the Follow That Dream label in a special edition that contained the original album tracks along with numerous alternate takes .
Track listing
Original release
2006 Follow That Dream reissue
2016 The RCA Albums Collection reissue
Personnel
Elvis Presley − vocals
The Jordanaires − backing vocals
Millie Kirkham − backing vocals
Dolores Edgin − backing vocals
June Page − backing vocals
Priscilla Hubbard − backing vocals
Boots Randolph − saxophone
Norm Ray − saxophone
Pete Drake − pedal steel guitar
Scotty Moore − rhythm guitar
Chip Young − lead guitar , rhythm guitar on `` Guitar Man '' and `` Big Boss Man ''
Jerry Reed − acoustic lead guitar on `` Guitar Man '' and `` Big Boss Man ''
Charlie McCoy − organ , harmonica
Floyd Cramer − piano , organ
Hoyt Hawkins − piano , organ
Bob Moore − double bass
D. J. Fontana − drums
Buddy Harman − drums
Charts
Album
References
External links
LPM-3893 Clambake Guide part of The Elvis Presley Record Research Database
LSP-3893 Clambake Guide part of The Elvis Presley Record Research Database
1967 soundtrack albums
Elvis Presley soundtracks
RCA Records soundtracks
Albums produced by Jeff Alexander
Albums produced by Felton Jarvis
Musical film soundtracks
The Fall of Fujimori is a 2005 documentary film about Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori , who fled the country for Japan in 2000 to avoid facing 21 charges of corruption , murder and human rights abuses . Then , five years later , Fujimori flew into Chile and declared their intention of once again running for president in 2006 . They were promptly arrested .
The Fall of Fujimori was produced and directed by Ellen Perry and aired on PBS as part of its Point of View series in 2006 . It has been met with high critical acclaim , and received a 92 % `` Fresh '' rating on Rotten Tomatoes . The film was nominated for Best Documentary Screenplay from the Writers Guild of America .
References
External links
Official Site
The Fall of Fujimori on IMDb
The Fall of Fujimori on Rotten Tomatoes
The New York Times review
P.O.V . The Fall of Fujimori - PBS 's site dedicated to the film
2005 films
POV ( TV series ) films
Documentary films about politicians
Political history of Peru
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Hiacynt Alchimowicz ( 11 September 1841 , Dziembrów , Vilna Governorate - after 1897 , France ? ) was a Polish painter in the Classical style who specialized in watercolor landscapes . Their older brother was the painter Kazimierz Alchimowicz .
Biography
They began their artistic studies in Vilnius with Kanuty Rusiecki . Together with Kazimierz , they participated in the January Uprising . Their brother was exiled to Siberia for six years , but they were able to escape to France and settled in Perpignan , where they initially supported themselves by working as a construction draftsman for a railway company .
In 1872 , when the construction work ended , they resumed their studies . In 1876 , they became a drawing teacher at the Polytechnic School and the women 's lyceum . Later , they spent some time studying in Paris , where they made the acquaintance of Michał Elwiro Andriolli , who helped them obtain work doing some illustrations . In 1892 , they were awarded the Ordre des Palmes Académiques .
They exhibited in Paris and throughout southern France . As of 1897 , they were still known to be living in Perpignan . They apparently never returned to Poland , although their works were exhibited there in 1901 and 1904 .
References
External links
1841 births
Year of death unknown
People from Shchuchyn District
People from Lidsky Uyezd
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to France
French people of Polish descent
19th-century Polish painters
19th-century Polish male artists
Polish landscape painters
Polish watercolourists
January Uprising participants
Recipients of the Ordre des Palmes Académiques
Polish male painters
Human rights are largely respected in Switzerland , one of Europe 's oldest democracies . Switzerland is often at or near the top in international rankings of civil liberties and political rights observance . Switzerland places human rights at the core of the nation 's value system , as represented in its Federal Constitution . As described in its FDFA 's Foreign Policy Strategy 2016-2019 , the promotion of peace , mutual respect , equality and non-discrimination are central to the country 's foreign relations .
Switzerland is signatory to all relevant international human rights instruments . It is also the depositary state of the Geneva Conventions and the place where several human rights-related NGOs have been established or headquartered , including the Red Cross . The United Nations Human Rights Council , of which Switzerland is a member and which it was instrumental in establishing , has its seat in Geneva . Respect for human rights and the promotion of democracy is also one of the five official policy goals of Switzerland .
International involvement
Switzerland is party to and has significant influence in a number of international mechanisms that promote human rights .
Human Rights Council
The United Nations Human Rights Council ( HRC ) was an initiative put forward by Switzerland in 2006 to replace the prior United Nations Commission on Human Rights . Since this time , Switzerland has continued to be an active member in all HRC promotion and enforcement internationally . Switzerland 's third period of membership has recently been approved , following improvements recommended as in the 2012 Universal Periodic Review ( UPR ) , which included improving gender equality , youth justice provisions , minimizing racial discrimination and combatting excessive use of force by law enforcement .
In this most recent application to the United Nations , Switzerland deemed protection of human rights on an international level to be one of three main voluntary pledges . Abolishing the death penalty internationally , stricter punishment for human rights violations , combatting discrimination based on sexual orientation and protecting human rights defenders are all identified as key policy aims .
Expanding and strengthening the HRC and its powers is a high priority for Switzerland , with the promotion of universal respect for all human rights being embedded in the nation 's constitution . This goal has also been documented in Switzerland 's 2015 application to renew HRC membership , as the nation wishes to enhance the participation of Non-Governmental Organisations ( NGOs ) , train all nations on global governance of human rights , and establish support systems for poorer nations to be able to participate further in human rights discussions through financial assistance with delegate 's stays in Geneva .
Treaties
Switzerland has ratified many human rights treaties . These include the United Nations Convention against Torture and Other Cruel Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment , the Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture , the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights aiming at the abolition of the death penalty , the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women , the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination , the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child , and the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities . This is in complement to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Domestic enforcement of human rights
Despite any possible difficulties that can arise from the federal , canton nature of Switzerland as a State the country allows for any international treaty that is ratified immediately and automatically becomes enforceable as national law , without the need to individually assess and implement international mechanisms manually . This is useful in Switzerland 's plight to increase the human rights standards of the country . The Federal Constitution of Switzerland lists dignity and equality as paramount , which is evident in the application of a number of federal legislations .
Human rights defenders
Switzerland is a supporting nation of the United Nations Declaration on Human Rights Defenders , recognising the importance of the Defenders in the international application of human rights , and the pressures these individuals and groups put on states to improve their national commitment to human rights . Switzerland has implemented and seeks to standardise the Swiss Guidelines on the Protection of Human Rights Defenders in efforts to protect defenders internally and on rights-driven missions to other nation states .
Children 's rights
Switzerland ratified the Convention on the Rights of the Child in 1997 and has continued to enhance children 's rights since . In 2011 , the Federal Social Insurance Office began a program to protect youth from violence , and another for the education of and protection from the media . Complementary to this , nationwide organisations such as the Pro Juventute Foundation and the Swiss Foundation for Child Protection are active in working with victims of child abuse of many kinds . Internationally , Switzerland is signed to the Council of Europe Convention on the Protection of Children against Sexual Exploitation and Sexual Abuse , which criminalises sexual acts against children in all of its signed countries . Regardless of the structural mechanisms in place , human rights reports still document high rates of child abuse in Switzerland . One child 's hospital alone reported 450 instances of abuse during 2014 , of which 33 % was sexual abuse , 35 % physical , and the remainder being psychological abuse and neglect .
There have been minor improvements made within the scope of children 's right protection since the second Swiss UPR from October 2012 . These are mainly in relation to rights and regulations governing the punishment of child offenders , however , not in relation to the high statistics of abuse .
Death penalty
Switzerland abolished capital punishment for all criminal actions in 1992 . This is documented in the country 's constitution , and the nation has since rallied for the universal abolition of capital punishment . Switzerland observes the right to life and human dignity as fundamental to human rights and aims to have the punishment universally condemned by 2025 .
Switzerland is taking an active role in the abolishment , working closely with the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights , and introducing a World Day Against the Death Penalty on 10 October every year . The work with the United Nations also involves drafting of several resolutions , such as the moratorium on the death penalty , which was approved by the Human Rights Council in 2015 , and is presented to the United Nations General Assembly every two years following Switzerland 's support for the document in 2007 .
The country also works with international organisations such as Death Penalty Project , International Commission Against the Death Penalty and the World Coalition Against the Death Penalty , and has ratified treaties such as the Second Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , aiming at the abolition of the death penalty , Protocol No . 13 to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms , concerning the abolition of the death penalty in all circumstances and the Convention on the Rights of the Child .
Anti-discrimination provisions
Combating discrimination and promoting inclusion are one of the key ways Switzerland seeks to promote human rights domestically , as covered by Articles 1 , 2 and 7 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and intersex discrimination protection
Switzerland 's anti-discrimination provisions do not specifically protect the lesbian , gay , bi-sexual , transgender or intersex communities from discrimination . The Swiss federation does legally allow for same-sex partnership and adoption of a child where one of the partners was already a legal guardian of the child prior to the relationship .
Racism
Switzerland uses many large and small-scale methods and domestic and international instruments to prevent racism . Prohibition on ethnic and race-based discrimination is codified in the Swiss Criminal Code , and the nation was involved in , and party to , the resulting document from the Durban Review Conference in Geneva in 2009 . On a community level , all police must pass an examination on human rights , ethics , and racism before being employed , and the Service for Combatting Racism provides support , education and financial assistance to projects seeking to eradicate discrimination of this type . The Service also provides an outline of remedies that are available at law for any occurrence of racism .
Gender
The drive for gender equality in Switzerland is evident within many legal instruments of the country . Article 8 of the Federal Constitution of the Swiss Federation notes men and women to have equal rights in the realm of law , within family life , and in employment . Switzerland also is committed to international documents attempting to secure gender equality , such as the gender components of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development , as well as assisting both politically and financially in United Nations mechanisms hoping to achieve recognition of gender equality universally . Women were granted the right to vote in the first Swiss cantons in 1959 , at the federal level only in 1971 and , after resistance , in the last canton Appenzell Innerrhoden in 1990 ( despite Switzerland having ratified the European Convention on Human Rights 16 years earlier ) .
In 2011 , a number of national achievements in women 's rights were celebrated . The year marked the 40th anniversary of federal women 's suffrage , 30 years of constitutional-level provision for gender equality and 15 years of legislative provision for gender equality , as observed within the Federal Act on Gender Equality . Switzerland has also ratified the Optional Protocol to the Convention on Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women and made several other nationwide legal provisions to ensure equality of gender is achieved . These include the Victims of Crime ( Assistance ) Act and establishing a Federal Office for Equality between Women and Men for training of public workers in relation to domestic violence incidents . The Swiss Criminal Code also has specific provisions that prohibit certain gender discriminatory acts , such as female genital mutilation and forced marriage .
Persons with disabilities
Around 17 % of the Swiss population are said to have a disability . The Act on Equality for Persons with Disabilities aims to assist with employing disabled persons and deterring discrimination .
Prevention of torture
The Swiss Constitution prohibits any behaviour of this nature . However , there have been many reports of excessive force and illegitimate treatment by police while making arrests . These instances have been dealt with through the criminal courts accordingly . Prison overcrowding has been an identified problem within Human Rights Reports of punishment in the past , with prisons exceeding capacity anywhere from 50 to 300 percent over the 2014 year . This is yet to be rectified . In 2013 , there were 10 deaths of prisoners , including 2 suicides which have yet to be sufficiently investigated .
The Optional Protocol to the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel , Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment became enforceable in 2009 , shortly followed by a National Commission for the Prevention of Torture being established in 2010 by the Federal Council to ensure human rights were upheld .
Justice
The Swiss justice system is mainly governed by the Constitution , which requires judicial independence . There is a presumption of innocence , trials are public , and are free from undue delay . Switzerland presently lacks a nationwide Ombudsman or similar authority to review and respond to complaints .
Refugees and asylum seekers
Switzerland 's nationwide asylum granting policy is currently enforced until September 2018 , following a renewal in 2014 . The policy requires asylum seekers to provide necessary documents or have a justifiable excuse for not having proper documentation , or risk not being granted asylum . The nation has been active under the Dublin 2 Regulation since 2008 , allowing transfers of asylum seekers to and from other states that are signatory to the agreement . Emergency financial support may be gained by asylum seekers , and internal legislation , such as the Asylum Act , aligns Switzerland with the asylum requirements of the European Return Directive .
See also
LGBT rights in Switzerland
References
External links
Swiss Federal Constitution
humanrights.ch Swiss Human Rights NGO
Amnesty International on Human Rights in Switzerland
Importance of Business in Human Rights
Borów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-west of Gorzków , south-west of Krasnystaw , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
A Cage of Nightingales ( French : La Cage aux rossignols ) is a 1945 French film directed by Jean Dréville . It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Story , and served as an inspiration for the film The Chorus ( 2004 ) .
Synopsis
Clement Mathieu seeks to publish their novel without success . With the help of a friend who is a journalist , their story about the 'Cage of Nightingales ' is slipped surreptitiously into a newspaper ...
In France , in the 1930s , a supervisor at a rehabilitation house awakens difficult teens ' inner musical tendencies by forming a choir , despite the director 's skepticism . Later , this experience is reported in a novel in a major newspaper .
The history of the Cage of Nightingales ' is directly inspired by that of an actual educational centre , called Ker Goat , where Jacques Dietz , Roger Riffier and their teams worked to help children in difficulty through choral singing and innovative teaching methods .
Cast
Noël-Noël as Clément Mathieu
Micheline Francey as Micheline
Georges Biscot as Raymond
René Génin as Le père Maxence
René Blancard as Monsieur Rachin
Marguerite Ducouret as La mère de Micheline
Marcelle Praince as La présidente
Marthe Mellot as Marie
Georges Paulais as Monsieur Langlois
André Nicolle as Monsieur de la Frade
Richard Francoeur as Monsieur de Mézères
Jean Morel as Le directeur
Roger Vincent as L'académicien
Michel François as Lequerec
Roger Krebsl as Laugier
Choir - Les Petits Chanteurs à la Croix de Bois
Reception
The film was the second most popular movie at the French box office in 1945 . A highly regarded adaptation of the film , under the title Les Choristes ( English title : The Chorus ) came out in 2004 , and starred the French actor Gérard Jugnot . It was directed by Christophe Barratier .
References
External links
1940s French-language films
1945 films
Films directed by Jean Dréville
Films about educators
French black-and-white films
French musical drama films
1940s musical drama films
1945 drama films
1940s French films
I 'm So Excited ! is a 2013 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar , and starring Javier Cámara , Cecilia Roth , Lola Dueñas , and Raúl Arévalo . Its original Spanish title , Los amantes pasajeros , has the double meaning of `` The fleeting lovers '' and `` The passenger lovers '' . The narrative is set almost entirely on an airplane . Almodóvar describes it as `` a light , very light comedy '' . The film received mixed reviews , but earned a worldwide gross of more than US $ 21.2 million .
Plot
The film opens as ground technician León ( Antonio Banderas ) removes the chocks from the wheels of an Airbus A340 for Peninsula Flight 2549 . They wave to their wife Jessi ( Penélope Cruz ) , who is towing a luggage cart across the tarmac . The distraction causes them to crash into another ground technician who was checking Twitter . León checks on their wife to make sure they are okay , and they reveal that they are pregnant .
On board the aircraft , a flight attendant drugs all the passengers in Economy class with a muscle relaxant . They also sedate themselves and the other flight attendants in Economy . First Class is tended to by Joserra ( Javier Cámara ) , Fajardo ( Carlos Areces ) , and Ulloa ( Raúl Arévalo ) . They take shots of tequila as they prepare service for the passengers and the cockpit . One of the first class passengers , Bruna ( Lola Dueñas ) , observes that the Economy passengers are asleep , and they visit the cockpit . They inform Joserra , Captain Alex Acero ( Antonio de la Torre ) , and co-pilot Benito Morón ( Hugo Silva ) that they are a psychic and a virgin .
Bruna makes vaguely ominous warnings about the flight . Joserra asks them if they will all die . Bruna does not think so , because they retch whenever death is imminent . Benito changes their drink order from wine to tequila at Bruna 's news . Two more passengers from First Class come to the cockpit : Norma Boss ( Cecilia Roth ) , and Infante ( José María Yazpik ) . Norma is outraged at Peninsula 's treatment of its passengers , particularly the fact that the First Class attendants are not serving the passengers . They are organizing a complaint against the airline . During their visit , Joserra reveals that they are the captain 's lover , but with two daughters , aged 11 and 13 , the captain is reluctant to come out of the closet and leave their wife . The co-pilot admits that they tried giving fellatio to the captain to see if they were gay , but they retched from the experience .
Mr. Más ( José Luis Torrijo ) , another First Class passenger , visits the cockpit to offer their help , because they know that something is wrong with the plane . León forgot to clear all the chocks after Jessi 's accident , and one of them has gotten tangled up with the landing gear . The plane will not be able to land with its wheels down .
When Norma finds out that the Economy passengers have been drugged , they become more determined to lodge a formal complaint . They wake a sleeping passenger , Ricardo Galán ( Guillermo Toledo ) , and asks them to sign their letter of complaint . Ricardo asks to use the phone , and they call Alba ( Paz Vega ) . The plane 's phone is malfunctioning , however , so everyone can hear the other side of the conversation over the cabin 's speakers .
Alba has climbed onto the ledge of the Segovia Viaduct in Madrid , when their phone rings with Ricardo 's call . They are relieved to hear from him , but as they try to climb back to safety , they drop their phone . It falls into the basket of Ruth ( Blanca Suárez ) , who is riding a bicycle under the viaduct . They pick up the phone and is astonished to hear the voice of their ex-lover Ricardo . They had worked very hard to overcome the heartache of their breakup . Ruth realizes that Alba had thrown all of Ricardo 's things out of their apartment window before attempting suicide . Ruth gathers Ricardo 's things while Alba is taken by ambulance for psychiatric treatment .
On board the plane , the flight attendants try to distract the passengers , who know that their lives are in danger . They perform a dance routine to The Pointer Sisters ' `` I 'm So Excited '' , and then they mix a batch of Valencia cocktails . One of the passengers is smuggling a drug-filled condom in their anus . They give the flight attendants some of their mescaline , and they put it into the cocktail . Norma enjoys their cocktail and reveals that they have a thriving dominatrix practice . They are horrified to learn that they have been drugged and that one of the side effects of mescaline is sexual arousal .
The passengers act on their drug-induced sexual urges , including the passenger who had provided the drugs who sexually assaults their sleepwalking wife . Norma has sex with Infante . The Captain joins Joserra in the bathroom . Bruna goes back to economy class and loses their virginity by sexually assaulting one of the passengers who have an erection in their sleep . Ulloa performs fellatio on the co-pilot .
The plane finally gets clearance to land at La Mancha airport , which is a boondoggle engineered by Mr. Más . As they prepare to jettison the 40 tons of fuel on board , the co-pilot tells the captain that they and Ulloa 69'ed each other . The captain explains that the co-pilot is in denial about the fact that they are gay . Bruna confesses that they feel like retching , which means death must be near . They narrow the sensation down to one passenger in particular : Infante . They confess that they are a hit man . They were hired to kill Norma by the wife of one of their clients , but refuses because they wo n't kill a woman .
The aircraft successfully makes a crash landing at the airport . Norma and Infante leave the tarmac arm in arm while they plot how they can escape from their contract and their life as a hit man . Ruth meets Ricardo with a suitcase full of their things that they recovered from Alba . Mr. Más calls their wife , who has reunited with their estranged daughter , and vows to join the reunion , even though they know they will be arrested . Bruna and the passenger they seduced are happily walking side by side . The captain tells Joserra that they will leave their family to move in with him , but Joserra reveals that they and the captain 's wife are in constant contact , and that it is not necessary to break up the family . Underneath the foam , two figures are clearly having sex . The co-pilot 's hat comes flying out of the foam .
Cast
Javier Cámara as Joserra
Antonio de la Torre as Alex Acero
Raúl Arévalo as Ulloa
Carlos Areces as Fajardo `` Fajas ''
Hugo Silva as Benito Morón
Lola Dueñas as Bruna
Cecilia Roth as Norma Boss
Guillermo Toledo as Ricardo Galán
Miguel Ángel Silvestre as El Novio ( The Groom )
Laya Martí as La Novia ( The Bride )
José María Yazpik as Infante
José Luis Torrijo as Sr. Más
Blanca Suárez as Ruth
Pepa Charro as Piluca
Agustín Almodóvar as Air tower controller
Antonio Banderas ( cameo ) as León
Penélope Cruz ( cameo ) as Jessi
Paz Vega ( cameo ) as Alba
Susi Sánchez ( cameo ) as Alba 's mother
Carmen Machi ( cameo ) as La Portera
Production
Produced through El Deseo , I 'm So Excited ! was financed entirely by pre-sales . Filming started 9 July 2012 in Madrid . Portions of the film were shot at the decommissioned Ciudad Real Central Airport , located south of Madrid .
Release
I 'm So Excited ! was released 8 March 2013 in Spain . Sony Pictures Classics acquired the American distribution rights and released the film in North America on 28 June 2013 .
Reception
The film has received mixed reviews by critics . Rotten Tomatoes reports that 49 % of critics gave the film a positive rating , based on 131 reviews with an average rating of 5.60/10 . The website 's critical consensus states : `` Campy , frothy , and proudly absurd , I 'm So Excited ! represents a return to light comedy for director Pedro Almodóvar—even if it is n't quite as successful a homecoming as some filmgoers might wish . '' On Metacritic , it has a weighted average score of 55 out of 100 , based on 36 reviews , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' . Eric Kohn of IndieWire noted the film 's poor taste in using a lack of sexual consent as a punchline .
See also
List of Spanish films of 2013
References
External links
( Spanish )
( English )
2013 comedy films
2013 independent films
2013 LGBT-related films
2010s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Pedro Almodóvar
Films produced by Agustín Almodóvar
Films scored by Alberto Iglesias
Films set in Madrid
Films set on airplanes
Films shot in Madrid
LGBT-related comedy films
Spanish aviation films
Spanish comedy films
Spanish independent films
Spanish LGBT-related films
El Deseo films
2010s Spanish films
Two human polls and a committee 's selections comprise the 2019 National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) football rankings , in addition to various publications ' preseason polls . Unlike most sports , college football 's governing body , the NCAA , does not bestow a national championship , instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies . There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches ' Poll . One additional poll , the College Football Playoff ( CFP ) ranking , is released midway through the season after the ninth week . The CFP rankings determine who makes the four-team playoff which determines the College Football Playoff National Champion .
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches Poll
CFP Rankings
References
Rankings
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
Rankings
Qaplan II Giray , Qalpan Khan Girai II ( 1739–1771 ) was a Crimean khan of the late 18th century .
Biography
Qaplan ruled from 1769 to 1770 , a very brief reign . During their time as khan of the Crimean Khanate , they negotiated with the Russian Empire for Crimean independence . Qaplan fought against Russia in the Russo-Turkish War for their entire reign , and died in 1771 .
References
The Crimean Tatars , by Alan W. Fisher
Crimean Khans
1770 deaths
18th-century rulers in Europe
Year of birth unknown
People of the Russo-Turkish War ( 1768–1774 )
1739 births
Morgaushi ( , ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Morgaushsky District of the Chuvash Republic , Russia . Population :
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Chuvashia
Stephen Francis Smith ( 1860 or 1861 , Ontario , Canada – 12 May 1928 , London , England ) was a Canadian chess master .
Born in Ontario , Canada , they emigrated with their family to London , England , in the mid-1870s . Following in their father 's profession Smith trained as a doctor , eventually becoming a Member of the Royal College of Surgeons and a Licentiate of the Apothecaries ' Society . They played in the British Chess Championship and at Hastings ( 1895 , 1919 , 1927/28 ) but never in the Premier . Smith won the City of London Chess Club championship in 1895 and placed second in 1905/06 . They shared 6th in the London 1899 chess tournament ( the Minor Tourney , Frank James Marshall won ) , participated in the Ostend 1907 chess tournament ( C tournament ) , took 4th at Deal 1907 ( George Alan Thomas won ) , tied for 10-11th at Oxford 1910 ( Henry Ernest Atkins won ) , and tied for 6-8th at London 1910 ( W. Ward won ) .
During World War I , they left the British Isles for North America . They won the Vancouver Chess Club championship in the Spring of 1915 , but there is no mention of there being a British Columbia championship in 1915 . Smith is first mentioned as a B.C . Champion in the August 1925 edition of BCM . They challenged Sydney Gale to Canadian Chess Championship match 1920 ( abandoned by Gale after +1 –1 ) .
Dr. Smith played in 1st unofficial Chess Olympiad at Paris 1924 as the sole representative of Canada . They were one of the 15 delegates from all over the World who signed the proclamation act of the International Chess Federation ( originally known as Fédération Internationale des Échecs , FIDE ) on July 20 , 1924 .
References
External links
1861 births
1928 deaths
Canadian chess players
British chess players
Rylkovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement , Tarnogsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 39 as of 2002 .
Geography
Rylkovskaya is located 3 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Lukinskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Reinhard Schaletzki ( 21 May 1916 – 21 March 1995 ) , born in Upper Silesia , was a German international footballer .
References
1916 births
1995 deaths
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
The Private Reserve of Natural Heritage ( RPPN ) of University of Santa Cruz do Sul ( Unisc ) is a protected area created in 2009 , through Ordinance nº 16 , of March 18 , having an area of 221,39 hectares , being nowadays one of the largest protected area of this category ( RPPN ) in Rio Grande do Sul state , Brazil . This preservation area is within the Atlantic Forest Biome and the predominant vegetation is the seasonal deciduous forest .
Location
The Private Reserve of Natural Heritage ( RPPN ) of University of Santa Cruz do Sul is located in municipality of Sinimbu in Rio Grande do Sul state , Brazil , distant about 48 km north of municipality of Santa Cruz do Sul . Unfortunately it is the only RPPN present in the highlands scarp region in this state , although the creation of Preservation Areas in this region in order to protect the last primary forest fragments of this region had been suggested years ago .
Characteristics
Created in 2009 and having an area of 221.39 hectares , the Reserve is within an ecotone between the seasonal deciduous forest and the Araucaria moist forest . Altitude vary from 150 m eastwards , at the Pardinho river 's riverbed and 650 m at hilltops . The reserve is within the Atlantic Forest Biome , having a seasonal deciduous forest predominantly secondary once the former residents used a good part of the local 's natural resources by removing vegetation and livestock practice . Less impacted areas were left on hillsides due to its topographic conditions .
Research
Despite being created only in 2009 , research activities began in 2006 resulting quali-quantitative publications about the local and regional fauna and flora :
- Mammalian fauna of medium and large size .
- Avifauna
- Trees
Flora
Until 2010 , 149 native species and 11 exotic species of trees were found in the area and surroundings , where , among the exotic species , five are considered invasive species and need urgent control measures . The arboreal vegetation is characterized by presenting species from the seasonal deciduous forest and from the Araucaria moist forest . The reserve is home for 12 endangered species according to the lists of Threatened Species of Rio Grande do Sul state , Brazilian Endangered Species and IUCN Red List : Araucaria angustifolia ( Bertol . ) Kuntze , Gochnatia polymorpha ( Less . ) Cabrera , Maytenus aquifolia Mart. , Dicksonia sellowiana Hook , Albizia edwallii ( Hoehne ) Barneby & J.Grimes , Myrocarpus frondosus Allemão , Cedrela fissilis Vell. , Myrcianthes pungens ( O.Berg ) D.Legrand , Podocarpus lambertii Klotzsch ex Endl. , Rudgea parquioides ( Cham . ) Müll.Arg. , Picramnia parvifolia Engl . and Picrasma crenata ( Vell . ) Engl .
In a survey located in a one-hectare plot in a slope in the area , 1,063 individuals belonging to 69 species were found .
Fauna
Mammals
Until the year 2009 , 16 species of wild mammals were registered in the area , which eight are endangered : Alouatta guariba clamitans , Cebus nigritus , Eira barbara , Nasua nasua , Leopardus wiedii Chironectes minimus , Lontra longicaudis and Cuniculus paca . Domestic animals were also found in the area and control suggestions were proposed in order to ensure the survival and a sobrevivência and viability of local wildlife populations
.
Avifauna
Were found 169 birds species , being the most part forest species and 44 are endemic of Atlantic Forest . Five species are in extinction risk for the state of Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil : Odontophorus capueira , Patagioenas cayennensis , Triclaria malachitacea , Grallaria varia and Amazona pretrei ( the latter is globally threatened ) , among other rare or `` near threatened '' species , as well as species typically found in seasonal forests and in higher parts of the highlands showing that the area is an ecotone between the seasonal deciduous forest and the Araucaria moist forest .
Ecotourism and Environmental education
Activities of ecotourism and environmental education are also realized in the area , where three different tracks are available between the forest , having different difficulty levels .
In the years 2007 , 2008 and 2009 the RPPN received special visits of students and docents from Biology and Geoecology courses from Germany universities of Tübingen and Rottenburg .
See also
Atlantic Forest
IBAMA
IUCN
Endangered species
References
Private natural heritage reserves of Brazil
Ecoregions of Brazil
Forests of Brazil
Atlantic Forest ( biome )
Charles of Guise , duc d'Aumale ( 25 January 1555 – 1631 , Brussels ) was the son of Claude , Duke of Aumale and Louise de Brézé .
Biography
One of the leaders of the Catholic League , they were at times governor of Picardy and Grand Veneur of France . They led a rebellion in Picardy in 1587 , a prelude to open war between the House of Guise and Henry III of France . They were defeated at the Battle of Senlis on 17 May 1589 by the allied forces of Henry III and Henry of Navarre . Captured by Henry of Navarre at the Battle of Ivry , they died in exile .
Family
They married their first cousin Marie of Lorraine , daughter of René , Marquis of Elbeuf and Louise de Rieux . The princess was known as Mademoiselle d'Elbeuf , derived from their fathers title . The couple married at the Château de Joinville on 10 November 1576 , by whom they had five children :
Charles ( b. December 1580 ) , d. young
Henri , d. young
Marguerite , d. young
Anne ( 1600 – 10 February 1638 ) , Duchess of Aumale , married on 18 April 1618 Henry I Duke de Nemours
Marie , married Ambrosio , Marquis of Spinola in 1615
Guise , Charles of , Duke of Aumale
Guise , Charles of , Duke of Aumale
Charles of Guise , duc d '
Aumale
Ancien Régime office-holders
17th-century French nobility
Grand Huntsmen of France
House of Lorraine
House of Guise
Nobility from Brussels
Military personnel from Brussels
The , Hellenized as ( ) was a lowly Byzantine palace position and rank .
As their name suggests , they were originally officials of the imperial wardrobe ( , adopted into Greek as ) , and are first attested as such in the 6th century . By the 9th century , the title had also become an honorary dignity ( , ) intended for `` bearded men '' ( i.e . non-eunuchs ) , marked in the Klētorologion of 899 as the third-lowest of the imperial hierarchy , coming between the and the ( both also classes of palace officials ) . Its distinctive insignia was a , a cloak fastened by a fibula brooch .
According to the Klētorologion , together with the , they were under the command of the court official known as the . The later De Ceremoniis of Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogennetos ( ) indicates that they assisted the in dressing the emperor , while the chronicler Theophanes the Confessor calls them wardens of the imperial crown . From sigillographic evidence , in the 9th century the rank was held by senior provincial officials , i.e . ( heads of the civil administration ) and ( customs officials ) of the themes . The term last occurs in the 10th century .
References
Sources
Byzantine court titles
Byzantine palace offices
Linda Louise Blackall is an Australian microbiologist who has studied microbial communities and their applications in water management . They are professor of environmental microbiology at the University of Melbourne .
Career
Blackall has a bachelor 's degree , master 's degree , and Ph.D. from the University of Queensland , completed respectively in 1981 , 1982 , and 1987 . Them dissertation , in the School of Molecular and Microbial Sciences , was Actinomycete scum problems in activated sludge plants .
They were professor of microbiology at the University of Queensland from 1992 to 2008 , where they developed microbial techniques for wastewater treatment as scientific director of the Advanced Water Management Centre and director of research at the Environmental Biotechnology Cooperative Research Centre ; in this time period they also held an appointment as professor of microbiology at the University of New South Wales , and in 2005 they became chair of Australia 's Antarctic Science Advisory Committee . At the Australian Institute of Marine Science from 2008 to 2010 , they shifted their focus to the study of marine microbial communities . They became head of biosciences at Swinburne University of Technology , from 2012 to 2016 . They moved to the University of Melbourne in 2017 .
Blackall 's publications include the edited volume The Microbiology of Activated Sludge .
Beyond their research , they collaborate with the publishing company Small Friends Books on science communication books for children , and is a coauthor of the Small Friends book The Squid , the Vibrio and the Moon .
Recognition
The Australian Society for Microbiology gave Blackall their Frank Fenner Research Award in 2001 . The International Water Association gave them their Ardern–Lockett award in 2005 . In 2020 , Blackall was elected as a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science .
References
External links
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Australian microbiologists
Australian women biologists
University of Queensland alumni
University of Queensland faculty
University of New South Wales faculty
Swinburne University of Technology faculty
University of Melbourne faculty
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
Pekon Township ( also spelled Pekhon , Phekhon , Pekong , Pecong , Pékon ) is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar . The principal town is Pekon .
Part of a popular tourist place and bird watching site , Inle Lake and Inlay Lake Wetland Sanctuary , lies in this township .
Reportedly , the township 's southern police station was occupied and razed by civilian fighters . There is an ongoing battle between civilian fighters and Myanmar Military troops .
References
Townships of Shan State
Roland Victor Norris ( 1888 – 28 April 1950 ) was a biochemist and agricultural scientist who worked in India and Ceylon . They served as the first agricultural chemist to the government of Madras .
Biography
They graduated from Manchester University and worked as an assistant to W.H . Perkin . They then worked at the Lister Institute of Preventive Medicine in London . In 1910 they worked with Professor Arthur Harden on yeast fermentation and received a D.Sc . from London University . In 1914 they took up the post of Physiological Chemist at the Imperial Bacteriological Laboratory in India . In 1918 they became the first Agricultural Chemist to the government of Madras . From 1924 to 1929 they worked as a professor of biochemistry at the Indian Institute of Science working on a range of agricultural problems including soil fertility , the chemistry of shellac and the spike disease of sandalwood . They moved to Ceylon in 1929 where they served as director of the Tea Research Institute .
They were married to biochemist Dorothy Norris who later worked at the Lac research institute in Ranchi , Jharkhand , India . They were married secondly to Wendy Elizabeth Marie and a daughter , Wendy Elizabeth Anne Jill , was born in Ceylon . They died in 1950 in Port Shepstone , South Africa .
Publications
Norris ' work in England was mostly on glycogen metabolism and yeast fermentation . After moving to India , they worked on a range of topics including human nutrition , soil nutrients and microbiological processes .
[ The inventor of the activated sludge process , Gilbert John Fowler was their predecessor at the Indian Institute of Science ]
Notes
References
External links
Department of Biochemistry , Indian Institute of Science
1888 births
1950 deaths
English biochemists
Agricultural chemists
Matty Mullins ( born July 3 , 1988 ) is an American singer and songwriter . They are the lead vocalist of the metalcore band Memphis May Fire .
Life and career
Matty Mullins was born on July 3 , 1988 , in Spokane , Washington . Their father was a pastor . They grew up in a Conservative Christian family and was only allowed to attend to the concerts of Christian rock bands . Mullins graduated at Shadle Park High School . At the age of 18 , they married Brittany Mullins . They are living in Nashville , TN .
Before joining Memphis May Fire through an open audition in 2008 Mullins played in several local music groups in Spokane . They worked on the Between the Lies EP and the albums Sleepwalking , The Hollow , Challenger , Unconditional , This Light I Hold , and Broken .
They are featured as guest vocalist for several acts like Woe , Is Me , Hands Like Houses , Sleeping with Sirens , For Today , Spoken , Nowhere To Be Found and Yellowcard . In 2013 it was announced that Mullins started a solo project . Their solo album was scheduled for release on September 23 , 2014 , via Rise Records . It debuted at 66 on the Billboard 200 charts in the US the week of October 11 , 2014 .
During one of Memphis May Fire 's shows on the 2013 Vans Warped Tour , Mullins commented on the way some of the girls in the crowd were dressed , calling them `` slutty '' , drawing criticism from The Amity Affliction vocalist Joel Birch . Mullins later apologized and stated that their intentions were good—attempting to remind the young women to respect themselves—but their words were poorly chosen .
Musical influences
They stated being influenced by bands like Every Time I Die , Architects , Bring Me the Horizon and Asking Alexandria .
Mullins is the main songwriter for Memphis May Fire . Their lyrics often deal with personal experiences , both as a person and a musician , and their religious beliefs .
Mullins wrote `` Prove Me Right '' about the band 's former label , Trustkill Records , and is a critique on the younger music industry .
Personal life
In 2016 , Mullins launched a men 's grooming brand : On Point Pomade . They are active with their wife 's , Brittany , peer-to-peer mentoring nonprofit , Beneath the Skin .
Discography
Memphis May Fire
EPs
2010 : Between the Lies ( Bullet Tooth Records )
Studio albums
Sleepwalking ( 2009 )
The Hollow ( 2011 )
Challenger ( 2012 )
Unconditional ( 2014 )
This Light I Hold ( 2016 )
Broken ( 2018 )
Remade in Misery ( 2022 )
Solo
Studio albums
2014 : Matty Mullins ( Rise Records )
2017 : Unstoppable ( BEC Recordings )
Nights in Fire
Studio albums
Dark and Desperate Times ( 2008 )
Collaborations
References
1989 births
Living people
American rock singers
Musicians from Spokane , Washington
21st-century American singers
Rulikówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
History
On February 10 , 1940 , the town was seized by the USSR , along with the rest of eastern Poland during Soviet invasion of Poland . The town was evacuated by force ; its former inhabitants brought by train to Archangelsk , Siberia .
It was occupied by Nazi Germany in 1941 . The USSR conquered the region in 1944 .
It was formerly in the Lwów District of Poland . When the nation was taken by the Soviets , the bulk of the district went as well and the association was lost .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Stagwell , formerly The Stagwell Group , is a global marketing and communications group . Founded in 2015 by Mark Penn , Stagwell companies operate in four areas : digital transformation and marketing , research and insights , marketing communications , and content and media . In 2020 , The Stagwell Group announced plans to merge with its affiliate MDC Partners . The merger was completed in August 2021 .
History
Mark Penn founded The Stagwell Group in 2015 . Penn founded The Stagwell Group with a $ 250 million investment from former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer .
In 2017 , Stagwell acquired Forward3D , Scout and also acquired Observatory from CAA . The company also acquired pilot movie testing assets from Nielsen and combined them with NRG , and acquired mobile research assets from Nielsen to form HarrisX .
In 2018 , Stagwell acquired Ink and later ReputationDefender . Stagwell also secured a $ 260 million investment from AlpInvest Partners .
In 2020 , Stagwell acquired Seward Square Strategies as part of SKDK , as well as Headliner Labs as part of ForwardPMK .
In August 2021 , following the merger of The Stagwell Group with MDC Partners , Stagwell formed Stagwell Media Network , a group of multichannel agencies .
In July 2022 , Stagwell acquired Apollo Program , an AI-powered SaaS platform .
Merger with MDC Partners
MDC Partners was a publicly-traded advertising and media holding company based in New York . MDC Partners historically acquired majority stakes in partner agencies , and as of 2021 had more than 50 partner firms worldwide . In 2019 , Stagwell invested $ 100 million into MDC Partners . Stagwell CEO Mark Penn was then appointed CEO of MDC Partners . On December 21 , 2020 , the firms announced their intent to merge . On August 23 , 2021 , Stagwell announced the completion of the merger and the creation of Stagwell Inc. ( NASDAQ : STGW ) as the merged entity . Mark Penn will continue as Chairman and CEO of the combined company . The merged company will be headquartered in New York , with significant offices in Washington , DC .
References
Companies based in Washington , D.C .
Marketing companies of the United States
Public relations companies of the United States
Bárbaro Díaz ( born 28 August 1960 ) is a Cuban water polo player . They competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Díaz moved to Brazil in 1994 , where they became a coach ; they coached the Brazil men 's national water polo team at the 2007 Pan American Games .
References
1960 births
Living people
Cuban male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Cuba
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Masumabad ( , also Romanized as Ma ‘ şūmābād ) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 361 , in 95 families .
References
Populated places in Amol County
Schöfweg is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany .
References
Freyung-Grafenau
The Hart 415T is a four-stroke , 1.5-litre , turbocharged , inline four-cylinder racing Internal combustion engine , designed , developed and tuned by Brian Hart of Hart Racing Engines , for use in Formula One racing and competition , between 1981 and 1986 . It initially developed about in 1981 , but power levels later surged , eventually going on to produce about in qualifying trim and on maximum boost pressure , in 1985 . The engines were used by Toleman , RAM , Spirit , and Haas Lola .
Applications
Toleman TG181
Toleman TG183
Toleman TG184
Toleman TG185
Spirit 101
RAM 01
RAM 02
Lola THL1
References
Straight-four engines
Formula One engines
Andre Francisco Williams Rocha de Silva or better known by their nickname Andrezinho ( born February 12 , 1986 ) is a Brazilian football player who last played for Malaysia Premier League club PDRM .
Career
Beginnings at Clube do Remo
The midfielder Andrezinho started playing in the youth teams of Clube do Remo . In 2007 , they received their first chance as a professional club , given by then-coach Giba Maniaes . They participated in the Paraense Football Championship , where they played 17 games , made 2 goals and helped the club to be crowned champions of Pará State .
They then played for SC Corinthians , Guarani FC and Paulista FC .
China
Andrezinho transferred to Hangzhou Greentown FC in China on loan from Paulista FC in 2009 . Later , they returned to Brazil to play for Mogi Mirim EC and Grêmio EC .
Ferencvárosi TC
Andrezinho played for Ferencvárosi TC from 2010 until 2011 . Arrived in the summer of 2010 in Ferencvárosi TC . After a few of friendly match , a coach and the management offered them a contract . Andrezinho accepted this , and 2+1 year contract was signed . In summer 2011 , the club offered a new contract containing unfavorable conditions to him . As a result , they rejected the offer and then left the team .
Malaysia
In 2012 , they signed for Johor FA , the club played in Malaysia Premier League , Malaysia 's second tier league . They played a significant role in Johor FA especially after guiding their team to qualify for Malaysia Cup tournament in 2012 .
They were transferred to another club based in Johor , Johor Darul Takzim FC , a club playing in the highest tier in Malaysia league , Malaysia Super League in April 2013 . The transfer was made easier as both Johor FA and Johor DT FC are teams under the presidency of Crown Prince of Johor , Tunku Ismail Idris .
Indonesia
In February 2015 , they signed with PS Barito Putera ; they are going to wear shirt number 10 . Their club debut was against Arema Cronus on 7 April 2015 in 2015 Indonesia Super League campaign .
Sudan
In May 2015 , they signed with Al-Hilal Club ( Omdurman ) and made their official club debut in a match against Congolese TP Mazembe on 27 June 2015 in the African Champions League .
References
Fradi signs Andrezinho !
Player profile at FTC
1986 births
Living people
People from São Paulo ( state )
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Clube do Remo players
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista players
Guarani FC players
Paulista Futebol Clube players
Zhejiang Professional F.C . players
FK Žalgiris players
Chinese Super League players
Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube players
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C . players
Malaysia Super League players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Sportspeople from Minas Gerais
Anna Rosbach Andersen ( born 2 February 1947 ) is a Danish politician and Member of the European Parliament . They are an independent sitting in the European Conservatives and Reformists ( ECR ) . They were elected for the Danish People 's Party ( DF ) , but left in March 2011 .
They joined the recently established political party Fokus , which aimed to run in the European Parliament elections in 2014 .
Footnotes
External links
European Parliament biography
1947 births
Living people
Danish People 's Party MEPs
MEPs for Denmark 2009–2014
21st-century women MEPs for Denmark
Fambong Lho Wildlife Sanctuary ( Devanagari : फाम्बोन्ग ल्हो ) is a large wildlife sanctuary in East Sikkim district of the state of Sikkim in India . It is contiguous with Khangchendzonga National Park and located around west of Gangtok . It hosts a few small hamlets inside , namely Dikchu , Pangthang , and Mangan and is managed by State Forest Department .
.
Geography
Altitudinal Range of the Fambong Lho lies between 1524 metres to 2749 metres . At the top of Fambong Lho WLS is Chuli hamlet . No human habitat is there between the log house of Fambong Lho and Chuli trekkers hut . Gangtok is in the eastern side of this place and Khangchendzonga National Park in its west . Some riverine tributaries flowing through this sanctuary discharge in Teesta and Dikchuu river . These riverine tributaries flowing from north enriches its biodiversity . The highest point of this wildlife sanctuary is Tinjure .
Biodiversity
This sanctuary falls at the junction of Palearctic realm and Indomalayan realm , supporting a large variety of mammalian and avian fauna .
Natural History
Ecoregions and biomes
Inside this wildlife sanctuary , the primary ecoregions and their corresponding biomes are :
Terai-Duar savanna and grasslands of the tropical and subtropical grasslands , savannas , and shrublands biome ,
Eastern Himalayan broadleaf forests of the tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests biome ,
Himalayan subtropical pine forests of the tropical and subtropical coniferous forests biome ,
Eastern Himalayan subalpine conifer forests of the temperate coniferous forests biome , and
Eastern Himalayan alpine shrub and meadows of the montane grasslands and shrublands biome .
All of these are typical of the Bhutan - Nepal - India hilly region . Forest types here include sub-alpine rhododendron forest , fir-oak forest and broad-leaved evergreen forest . This place also houses more than 740 species of flowers .
Fauna
Birds at Fambong Lho Wildlife Sanctuary include species like the hill partridge , satyr tragopan , fire-tailed myzornis , bar-throated minla , red-tailed minla , black-eared shrike babbler , scaly laughingthrush , streak-breasted scimitar babbler , rusty-fronted barwing , yellow-browed tit , red-headed bullfinch , crimson-browed finch , chestnut-crowned warbler etc . The endangered rufous-headed hornbill has been sighted here .
Mammals , which are regularly sighted in this sanctuary are barking deer , yellow-throated marten , Himalayan brown bear and red panda . Beside these , takin , red fox and musk deer are also present at higher altitudes . Some very commonly seen mammals in this wildlife sanctuary are Himalayan striped squirrel and Royle 's pika of the family Ochotonidae .
2017 fire
On 4 February 2017 , a major fire broke out at Tinjurey Ridge in the sanctuary . 18 helicopters were sent to douse the fire , which took several days .
References
External links
http : //sikkimforest.gov.in
Wildlife sanctuaries in Sikkim
East Sikkim district
Protected areas established in 1984
1984 establishments in Sikkim
Sundown ( also known as Guillermo del Toro 's Sundown ) is an unreleased video game that was under development by Terminal Reality for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 . Not much is known about the game , except that film director Guillermo del Toro was co-developing the game , and it would take place in a world where the players would have to survive an apocalypse while fighting against zombies . According to del Toro , the game would have been similar to Left 4 Dead .
Events in the game ratchet up the terror and game opportunities as the game goes from the calm hours before the first outbreak to the worst moments in these characters ' lives .
The game fell into difficulties and was postponed for some time , but according to a 2006 article on Joystiq.com it was cancelled in favor of two new projects .
References
External links
Guillermo Del Toro 's Sundown on IGN
Apocalyptic video games
Cancelled PlayStation 3 games
Cancelled Xbox 360 games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games about zombies
Works by Guillermo del Toro
Terminal Reality games
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 112 ( P. Oxy . 112 or P. Oxy . I 112 ) is an invitation to a festival , written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus . The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet . The document was written in the late 3rd or early 4th century . Currently it is housed in the Vaughan Library at the Harrow School in Harrow on the Hill .
Description
The document is an invitation from Petosiris to Serenia to visit in order to attend a festival . The measurements of the fragment are 75 by 85 mm .
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus . The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898 .
Text
Greeting , my dear Serenia , from Petosiris . Be sure , dear , to come up on the 20th for the birthday festival of the god , and let me know whether you are coming by boat or by donkey , in order that we may send for you accordingly . Take care not to forget . I pray for your continued health .
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 111
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 113
References
112
3rd-century manuscripts
4th-century manuscripts
The Global Environment Centre ( GEC ) is a non-profit , non-governmental organization which was established in 1998 to address key environmental issues of global importance such as climate change , biodiversity and water resources . GEC is based in Malaysia but supports activities worldwide . It has field programmes in more than 10 countries and coordinates a number of regional and global networks .
The Organisation 's mission is `` to support the protection of the environment and sustainable use of natural resources to meet local , regional and global needs through strategic partnerships with communities and like-minded organisations '' .
The Organisation organizes its activities based on four core programmes :
Forest and Biodiversity Programme
Peatland Programme
River Care Programme
Outreach and Partnership Programme
References
External links
http : //www.gec.org.my/index.cfm ? & menuid=61
http : //www.gefngo.org/index.cfm ? & menuid=61
http : //www.gec.org.my/index.cfm ? & menuid=10
http : //www.ramsar.org/cda/en/ramsar-news-archives-2001-southeast-asia-peat/main/ramsar/1-26-45-88 % 5E17821_4000_0__
Environmental organisations based in Malaysia
The Republic of Vanuatu and the People 's Republic of China ( PRC ) established official diplomatic relations on March 26 , 1982 . China established an embassy in Vanuatu in 1989 , while Vanuatu established an honorary consulate in China in 1999 ; it officially became an embassy in 2005 . The current Ambassador of China in Vanuatu is Liu Quan . The current Ambassador of Vanuatu in China is former Minister of Finance Willie Jimmy .
The Chinese government officially considers that Vanuatu and China `` have made tireless efforts and cooperation endeavors to promote and further strengthen friendship and cooperation for the benefit of [ the two countries ' ] peoples and nations '' , and that China and Vanuatu `` have smooth cooperation in economic , trade , agricultural , tourism , sports and other fields '' .
For its part , the government of Vanuatu officially considers that `` China and Vanuatu have enjoyed a vibrant and long-lasting relationship based on mutual understanding , friendship and genuine cooperation '' , and that `` Vanuatu 's relations with China and the adherence to the One-China policy are one of the fundamental pillars of Vanuatu 's foreign policy '' .
In June 2009 , Vanuatu 's ambassador to China , Willie Jimmy , `` call [ ed ] [ ... ] for China to have a foot firmly planted in the Pacific through Port Vila '' , a comment which -the Vanuatu Daily Post remarked- `` no doubt caused ruffled feathers among other foreign diplomatic partners '' .
Context
detailed article : Sino-Pacific relations
Oceania is , to the People 's Republic of China and the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , a stage for continuous diplomatic competition . Eight states in Oceania recognise the PRC , and six recognise the ROC . These numbers fluctuate as Pacific Island nations re-evaluate their foreign policies , and occasionally shift diplomatic recognition between Beijing and Taipei . In keeping with the `` One China '' policy , it is not possible for any country to maintain official diplomatic relations with `` both Chinas '' , and this `` either/or '' factor has resulted in the PRC and the ROC actively courting diplomatic favours from small Pacific nations . In 2003 , the People 's Republic of China announced it intended to enhance its diplomatic ties with the Pacific Islands Forum , and increase the economic aid package it provided to that organisation . At the same time , PRC delegate Zhou Whenzhong added : `` [ T ] he PIF should refrain from any exchanges of an official nature or dialogue partnership of any form with Taiwan '' . In 2006 , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao announced that the PRC would increase its economic cooperation with Pacific Island States . The PRC would provide more economic aid , abolish tariffs for exports from the Pacific 's least developed countries , annul the debt of those countries , distribute free anti-malaria medicines , and provide training for two thousand Pacific Islander government officials and technical staff . Also in 2006 , Wen became the first Chinese premier to visit the Pacific islands , which the Taipei Times described as `` a longtime diplomatic battleground for China and Taiwan '' . Similarly , according to Ron Crocombe , Professor of Pacific Studies at the University of the South Pacific , `` There have been more Pacific Islands minister visits to China than to any other country '' .
Economic relations
In 2006 , Vanuatu signed an economic cooperation agreement with the PRC , whereby the latter was to assist Vanuatu 's economic development and remove tariffs on imports from Vanuatu . The PRC also added Vanuatu to its list of approved tourism destinations for Chinese tourists . Vanuatuan trade minister James Bule said their country had also requested China 's assistance `` in supplying machines so we can establish a plant in Vanuatu to produce bio fuel '' .
In 2002 , the countries ' bilateral trade was worth €1.294 million , of which just over €1 million imported by Vanuatu from China , and over €200,000 imported by China from Vanuatu . Vanuatu imports Chinese garments , shoes , textiles , medicines , foods and light industrial products , while China imports Vanuatuan `` plants to be used for killing insects and bacteria , as well as buttons and sown timber '' .
According to the government of Vanuatu , `` China is recognized as one of Vanuatu 's major development partners '' .
As of 2018 , China reportedly accounts for approximately $ 220 million of Vanuatu 's foreign debts .
Military relations
According to reporting by Fairfax Media , China and Vanuatu are in negotiations to allow China to open a permanent military base on Vanuatu . China is funding the construction of a new wharf on Espiritu Santo , which Australian government officials believe could be used to host naval vessels . The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Vanuatu Foreign Minister Ralph Regenvanu both rebuffed the reporting .
In 2017 , China donated fourteen military vehicles to Vanuatu .
Relations in culture and education
In July 2002 , the Hebei Acrobatic Troupe performed in Vanuatu , followed by the Chinese Acrobatic and Folk Orchestra Troupe in June 2007 .
Since 2005 , the Chinese Central Television has been broadcasting in Vanuatu . Chinese Radio International has been available to Vanuatuan listeners since 2007 .
In terms of education , since 1995 , China has provided quotas of scholarships for Vanuatuan students to study in China ; nine Vanuatuan students were provided with scholarships in the 2007/08 university year . As of 2008 , there were two Chinese language teachers , sent by China , in Vanuatu .
Relationship with Taiwan
From 1982 to 2004 , Vanuatu consistently recognised the People 's Republic of China . In November 2004 , Prime Minister Serge Vohor briefly established diplomatic relations with the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , before being ousted for that reason in a vote of no confidence the following month . Vanuatu has recognised the PRC ever since . Nonetheless , Vohor remained a critic of what they perceived as China 's excessive influence on the Vanuatuan government .
Recent developments
In July 2019 , six Chinese nationals , some with Vanuatuan passports , were deported from Vanuatu to China on accusations of internet scamming . The incident drew condemnation from abroad as the individuals were not given the chance to appear before a court and were held for days without charge . In November 2019 , expatriate Dan McGarry , who is the media director of the Daily Post newspaper in Vanuatu , was not allowed to return to the country after Prime Minister Charlot Salwai accused them of negatively reporting the country 's ties with China .
References
External links
Official website of the embassy of the People 's Republic of China in Vanuatu
Official website of the embassy of the Republic of Vanuatu in China
Vanuatu
Bilateral relations of Vanuatu
A stock sound effect is a prerecorded sound effect intended to be reused with an entertainment product , as opposed to creating a new and unique sound effect . It is intended to work within a sound effect library .
History
As far back as Ancient Greece , sound effects have been used in entertainment productions . Sound effects ( also known as sound FX , SFX , or simply FX ) are used to enhance theatre , radio , film , television , video games , and online media .
Sound effects were originally added to productions by creating the sounds needed in real-time . Various devices and props were utilized to approximate the actual sounds , including coconut shells for horse hooves , and a sheet of metal for thunder . With the advent of radio and specifically radio dramas , the role of sound effects became more important . When cinema went from silent to `` talkies '' , sound effects became a large part of this new medium , too .
Audio recording technology continued to evolve , making it easier to record and replay sound . As this happened , the more commonly used and harder-to-replicate sound effects were pre-recorded to make them more accessible . Prerecording also allowed the same sound effect to be used many times .
Both producers ' and listeners ' sensibilities began evolving with the technology , and the need for more realistic sound effects or for using the `` real '' sound increased . Therefore , a more urgent need developed for prerecorded sound effects .
Over time , the quality of audio recording and playback increased , as did the demand for a wider variety of highly specific sounds . For example , rather than use a generic gunshot , a producer might request a gunshot from a specific type of gun , shot under precise conditions . Access to `` real '' sound effects became increasingly important to producers .
These collections of prerecorded sound effects , both real and artificial , began to be referred to as stock sound effects and were organized into libraries . As their usage increased , stock sound effects libraries became the valuable assets of sound design artists and production companies . Some stock sound effects have been reused so many times that they have become easily recognizable and even cliché . Examples of these include the scream of a red-tailed hawk , castle thunder , or the Wilhelm and Howie screams .
Many of the original sound effects libraries originated in the mid to late 1950s from film and television studios that employed the artists who created them , such as Warner Bros. and Hanna-Barbera . Audio Fidelity Records was one of the first record labels to join in releasing compilations from the late 1950s to the early 1970s , notably Elektra alongside Jac Holzman 's released Authentic Sound Effects in 1964 as a 13 volume series . Over time , independent companies such as Sound Ideas and Hollywood Edge became involved , both distributing the major studios ' libraries and making their own available to the public .
The internet ushered in a new generation of technology , entertainment media , and sound effects libraries . Sounddogs became the first to distribute sound effects libraries over the internet and Soundrangers became the first to create an all-new sound effects library for internet-based entertainment . Dozens of other websites now provide stock sounds for movies , video games , and software . Others such as Freesound aim to provide free sound effects under the public domain .
Over the years , with the evolution of sound recording technology and new formats , the format used for sound effects libraries also evolved . Sound libraries are now available on many types of media , including vinyl records , reel-to-reel tape , cassette tapes , compact discs , hard drives , and via the internet . Sound effects libraries now include more complex , layered , and mixed sounds along with a wider variety of incidental real-world sounds .
Often-used examples
Wilhelm scream sound of a man screaming , first used in a 1951 Western and used as a running joke by sound designers in many films and television shows .
Howie Scream ( also known as the Howie Long scream or Screams 3 ; Man , Gut-Wrenching Scream and Fall into Distance ) is a frequently used film , television , and video game stock sound effect for a scream . Often compared to the Wilhelm scream , its prominence in a number of movies has launched a few nicknames such as Howie Long Scream , in reference to Howie Long 's character 's death scene in the 1996 film Broken Arrow . It appears to have originated from a fight scene in the 1980 film The Ninth Configuration.It also appears at the end of the theme song of Nickelodeon 's animated series , AAHHH ! ! ! Real Monsters . It also appears as part of the music played in the Dump stage in Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl .
Click Plink ( also known as the Clicker Plinker or Plink , Cartoon - Sour Plink ) a common Hanna-Barbera poking or plucking sound in cartoons .
WB 's Slide string a slide string 1/7 short / long / shuttered .
Tarzan yell distinctive , ululating yell of the character Tarzan as portrayed by actor Johnny Weissmuller in the films based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs starting with Tarzan the Ape Man ( 1932 ) .
Goofy holler the cry that the Disney character Goofy makes when falling or being launched into the air , that can be transcribed as `` Yaa-hoo-hoo-hoo-hooey ! ''
Universal telephone ring a ringing telephone , used in the opening credits of The Rockford Files . Sound designer Ben Burtt has said of it
`` No matter where the scene is , an office , an outside payphone , or deep in a cave -
all Universal telephones will ring with the same 'tittle-little-little-ling . ' I do n't like it because it 's so artificial . ''
Common loon calls the wailing call of the loon is widely used in film and television to evoke wilderness and suspense .
Castle thunders a loud thunderclap during a rainstorm , originally recorded for the 1931 film Frankenstein .
Diddy laugh ( also known as Two Children Giggling or Two Young Kids Giggle ) a sound of two children giggling acquired by The Hollywood Edge on August 13 , 1990 , originally recorded in 1978 for the 1990 TriStar Pictures film Air America .
See also
Post-production
References
External links
Sound effects
Film and video technology
Film and video terminology
Rouzbeh Cheshmi ( ; born 24 July 1993 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or a centre-back for Esteghlal and the Iran national team .
Early life
Cheshmi was born in Tehran to a family originally from Chesham .
Club career
Early career
Cheshmi began their career with Paykan , before moving to Persepolis in 2008 . In 2011 , they were loaned to Moghavemat Tehran to complete their mandatory military service . In 2013 , Cheshmi handed a transfer request after Ali Daei asked them to have a trial with Persepolis ' senior team and moved to Saba Qom . In their first season with Saba , Cheshmi made 25 appearances and scored one goal .
Esteghlal
Cheshmi signed a two-year deal with Esteghlal on 30 June 2015 . They later revealed that they down offer from a Bundesliga club to join Esteghlal . Upon their arrival , they chose to wear number 4 which was previously worn by Amir Hossein Sadeghi .
Cheshmi made their debut for Esteghlal on 30 July 2015 against Siah Jamegan . On 3 March 2015 , they have torn their Cruciate ligament in a match against Padideh which caused them to miss the rest of the season . It was also reported that they will miss the first half of 2016–17 season and the team coach Alireza Mansourian decided to exclude their name from Esteghlal 's list for the first half of the season and was reported that they would return to the squad in January . On 29 June 2016 , they signed a 3-year contract extension with Esteghlal . They returned to training on 30 December 2016 . However , due to the club 's transfer ban which did not allow it to register any new players , Esteghlal could not include their name in their squad for the rest of season and meant that they would not be able to play for Esteghlal until the end of the season .
Cheshmi scored their first goal for the club against Zob Ahan in a 1–1 draw on 20 September 2017 . On 13 February 2018 , Cheshmi made their AFC Champions League debut in a 2–2 group stage draw with Qatari club Al-Rayyan .
International career
U17
They played 3 games at the 2010 Asian U16 Championships .
U20
They are part of Iran U–20 during 2012 AFC U-19 Championship qualification , 2012 CIS Cup , 2012 AFF U-19 Youth Championship and 2012 AFC U-19 Championship .
U23
They invited to Iran U-23 training camp by Nelo Vingada to preparation for Incheon 2014 and 2016 AFC U-22 Championship ( Summer Olympic qualification ) . They named in Iran U23 final list for Incheon 2014 .
Senior
Cheshmi was called up for the first time for the Iran senior team in August 2017 by coach Carlos Queiroz for Iran 's 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifying matches against South Korea and Syria . They made their official debut as a substitute in 0–0 draw against South Korea on 31 August 2017 .
In May 2018 , Cheshmi was named in Iran 's preliminary squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia . They made their debut in the competition on 15 June , playing the whole 90 minutes of the 1–0 group stage win against Morocco , helping their team to win their first World Cup match since 1998 . After helping Iran to keep a clean sheet in their opening win over Morocco , the World Cup turned out to be a personal disappointment for him , as they suffered an injury during training session prior the game against the Spain , which ruled them out of the competition .
Cheshmi was also selected for 2019 AFC Asian Cup .
Career statistics
Club
International
International goals
Scores and results list Iran 's goal tally first .
Honours
Esteghlal
Hazfi Cup : 2017–18
Iran Pro League : 2021–22
References
Iranian footballers
1993 births
Living people
Esteghlal F.C . players
Saba players
Umm Salal SC players
Persian Gulf Pro League players
Qatar Stars League players
Sportspeople from Tehran
Iran under-20 international footballers
Association football defenders
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
2018 FIFA World Cup players
Iran international footballers
Iranian expatriate footballers
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Asian Games competitors for Iran
Expatriate footballers in Qatar
Iranian expatriate sportspeople in Qatar
Ripper Street is a BBC fictional drama based in Whitechapel following on from the infamous murders of Jack the Ripper . The first episode was broadcast on 30 December 2012 . A second series was confirmed in January 2013 , with the first episode being broadcast on 28 October 2013 . The third series was produced by Amazon Prime Instant Video and uploaded weekly onto the Amazon UK site from November 2014 . A fourth series , again produced by Amazon Prime Instant Video , began airing weekly on the service , beginning 15 January 2016 . This series was originally expected to consist of eight episodes , but ended up consisting of seven , including a feature-length premiere of 130 minutes that was split into two episodes for television broadcast . The concluding fifth series was released in full on Amazon Prime UK on 12 October 2016 . It includes six episodes featuring a runtime of 60 to 75 minutes .
Series overview
Episodes
Series 1 ( 2012–13 )
The first series is set in 1889 .
Series 2 ( 2013 )
The second series is set in 1890 .
Series 3 ( 2014 )
The third series is set in 1894 .
Series 4 ( 2016 )
The fourth series is set in 1897 .
Series 5 ( 2016 )
The fifth and final series directly continues the events of series 4 .
References
Lists of British crime television series episodes
Lists of British period drama television series episodes
Fiction set in 1889
Fiction set in 1890
Fiction set in 1894
Fiction set in 1897
Atlantic Bridge was the Irish uilleann pipes player Davy Spillane 's first solo album after the break-up of Moving Hearts . Together with producer P.J . Curtis they assembled a stellar cast of musicians from both sides of the Atlantic including , Albert Lee , Béla Fleck , Jerry Douglas , Christy Moore and many more to produce a fine blend of traditional and contemporary music . Curtis observed the album 's fusion of Irish traditional , contemporary , bluegrass and country rock , merging `` happily to find new dimensions in music which resulted form those meetings . ''
The album was originally released on Tara Music in 1987 . AllMusic awards the album with 4.5 stars .
There is a short acoustic hidden track at index point 11 .
Track listing
`` Davy 's Reels '' ( Davy Spillane ) – 3:36
`` Atlantic Bridge '' ( Spillane ) – 5:22
`` Daire 's Dream '' ( Spillane ) – 3:34
`` Tribute to Johnny Doran '' ( Trad . ) – 3:06
`` O'Neills 's Statement '' ( O'Neill ) – 3:50
`` By the River of Gems '' ( Spillane ) – 7:41
`` Sliverish '' ( Béla Fleck ) – 2:58
`` The Pigeon on the Gate '' ( O'Neill , Spillane ) – 2:43
`` In My Life '' ( John Lennon , Paul McCartney ) – 2:45
`` Lansdowne Blues '' ( Boland , Donnelly , Lee , O'Neill , Spillane ) – 5:49
Untitled ( unknown ) – 0:12
Personnel
Davy Spillane – Uilleann pipes , Low Whistles , Hammer Dulcimer
Albert Lee – Electric and Acoustic Guitar , Piano
Béla Fleck – Banjo , Acoustic Guitar
Jerry Douglas – Dobro
Greg Boland – Guitars
Eoghan O'Neill – Bass , Acoustic Guitars , Backing Vocals
Christy Moore – Bodhrán
Noel Eccles – Percussion
John Donnelly – Drums
References
1987 debut albums
Davy Spillane albums
Menas of Egypt ( also Mina , Minas , Mena , Meena ; ; 285 – c. 309 ) , a martyr and wonder-worker , is one of the most well-known Coptic saints in the East and the West , due to the many miracles that are attributed to their intercession and prayers . Menas was a Coptic soldier in the Roman army martyred because they refused to recant their Christian faith . The common date of their commemoration is November 11 , which occurs 13 days later ( November 24 ) on the Julian calendar .
Their feast day is celebrated every year on 15 Hathor in the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria , which corresponds to November 24 on the Gregorian Calendar . In Eastern Orthodox churches that follow the old style or Julian calendar , it is likewise celebrated on November 24 . In the Eastern Orthodox churches that follow the new style or Revised Julian calendar , as well as in the Catholic Church , it is celebrated on November 11 .
Origin of their name
Menas was their original name , according to the story their mother called them `` Mēna '' because they heard a voice saying amēn . Minas ( Μηνᾶς ) is how they are known in Greek and Armenian , while in Coptic they are known as `` Mīna '' ( مينا ) .
Life and martyrdom
There are many sources written in different languages ( Koine Greek , Coptic , Old Nubian , Ge'ez , Latin , Syriac , Armenian ) relating to Menas .
Menas was born in Egypt in 285 in the city of Nikiou , which lay in the vicinity of Memphis . Their parents were ascetic Christians but did not have any children for a long time . Their father 's name was Eudoxios and their mother 's name was Euphemia . On the feast of the Virgin Mary , mother of Jesus , Euphemia was praying with tears before an icon of the Virgin for God to give them a son . A sound came from the icon saying `` Amen '' . A few months later , Euphemia gave birth to a boy and named them Menas .
Eudoxios , a ruler of one of the administrative divisions of Egypt , died when Menas was fourteen years old . At the age of fifteen Menas joined the Roman army and was given a high rank due to their father 's reputation . Most sources state that they served in Cotyaeus in Phrygia , although some say their appointment was in Algeria . Three years later they left the army , longing to devote their whole life to Christ , and headed towards the desert to live a different kind of life .
After spending five years as a hermit , Menas saw in a revelation the angels crowning the martyrs with glorious crowns , and longed to join those martyrs . While they were thinking about it , they heard a voice saying : `` Blessed are you Menas because you have been called to the pious life from your childhood . You shall be granted three immortal crowns : one for your celibacy , another for your asceticism , and a third for your martyrdom . '' Menas subsequently hurried to the ruler , declaring their Christian faith .
Relics
The soldiers who executed Menas set their body on fire for three days but the body remained unharmed . Menas ' sister then bribed the soldiers and managed to carry the body away . They embarked on a ship heading to Alexandria , where they placed their body in a church .
When the time of persecution ended , during the papacy of Athanasius of Alexandria the pope had a vision of an angel appearing to them and ordering them to load Menas ' body on a camel and head towards the Libyan Desert . At a certain spot near a water well at the end of Lake Mariout , not far from Alexandria , the camel stopped and would n't move . The Christians took this a sign from God and buried Menas ' body there .
The Berbers of Pentapolis rose against the cities around Alexandria . As the people were getting ready to face them , the Roman governor decided to secretly take the body of Menas with them to be their deliverer and their strong protector . Through Menas ' blessings , the governor overcame the Berbers and returned victorious . However , they decided not to return the body to its original place and wanted to take it to Alexandria . On the way back , as they passed by Lake Mariout at the same spot where the body was originally buried , the camel carrying the body knelt down and would not move . People moved the body to another camel , but the second camel would not move either . The governor finally realized that this was God 's command . They made a coffin from decay-resistant wood and placed the silver coffin in it .
Veneration
Most versions of the story state that the location of the tomb was then forgotten until its miraculous rediscovery by a local shepherd . A shepherd was feeding their sheep in that location , and a sick lamb fell on the ground . As it struggled to get on its feet again , its scab was cured . The story spread quickly and the sick who came to this spot recovered from whatever illnesses they had just by lying on the ground . The Ethiopian Synaxarium describes Constantine I 'm sending their sick daughter to the shepherd to be cured , and credits them with finding Menas ' body , after which Constantine ordered the construction of a church at the site . Some versions of the story replace Constantine with the late-5th century emperor Zeno , but archaeologists have dated the original foundation to the late 4th century . According to the Zeno version , their daughter was leprous and their advisors suggested that they should try that place , and they did . At night Menas appeared to the girl and informed them that their body was buried in that place . The following morning , Zeno 's daughter was cured and they related their vision about the saint to their servants . Zeno immediately ordered Mina 's body to be dug out and a cathedral to be built there .
After their martyrdom in the early fourth century , Menas acquired a reputation for miraculous healing powers . The cult of Saint Menas was centered on Abu Mena near Alexandria .
Sick people from all over the Christian world used to visit that city and were healed through the intercessions of Menas , who became known as the Wonders ' Maker . Today , numerous little clay Menas flasks , or bottles for holy water or oil on which the saint 's name and picture are stamped , are found by archeologists in diverse countries around the Mediterranean world , such as Heidelberg in Germany , Milan in Italy , Dalmatia in Croatia , Marseille in France , Dongola in Sudan , Meols ( Cheshire ) in England , and the holy city of Jerusalem , as well as modern Turkey and Eritrea . Pilgrims would buy these bottles and take them back to their relatives .
Patronage
Menas is the patron saint of many German and Swiss towns . They were venerated as the protector of pilgrims and merchants . St. Menas is also noted for healing various illnesses .
Iconography
Menas is generally shown between two camels , the animals that , according to the legend , returned their body to Egypt for burial .
Military saint
Most likely Mina of Mareotis , Mina of Cotyaes , and Mina of Constantinople , are all the same person honored in different places .
Menas is sometimes called Mina the Soldier also called the `` Wonder worker '' in the West , where they are venerated as a military saint .
New Monastery and Cathedral of Saint Mina
As soon as Pope Cyril VI of Alexandria became pope and patriarch on Saint Mark 's Throne , they began to put the foundations for a great monastery close to the remains of the old city . Today , the Monastery of Saint Mina is one of the most famous monasteries in Egypt . The relics of Saint Mina , as well as that of Pope Cyril VI of Alexandria lie in this monastery . The cathedral of Saint Mina was destroyed during the Arab invasions of the 7th century .
El Alamein battle
According to orthodox Christian belief , in June 1942 , during the North-Africa campaign that was decisive for the outcome of the Second World War , the German forces under the command of General Rommel were on their way to Alexandria , and happened to make a halt near a place which the Arabs call El Alamein . An ancient ruined church nearby in Abu Mena was dedicated to Saint Menas ; there some people say they are buried . Here the weaker Allied forces , including some Greeks , confronted the numerically and militarily superior German army , and the result of the coming battle of El Alamein seemed certain . During the first night of engagement , at midnight , Saint Menas came out of their ruined church and appeared in the midst of the German camp at the head of a caravan of camels , exactly as they were shown on the walls of the ruined church in one of the frescoes depicting their miracles . This astounding and terrifying apparition so undermined German morale that it contributed to the brilliant victory of the Allies . Winston Churchill said of this victory : `` Now this is not the end . It is not even the beginning of the end , but it is , perhaps , the end of the beginning . '' They also wrote : `` Before Alamein we never had a victory . After Alamein , we never had a defeat .
See also
Agios Minas Cathedral , Heraklion
Church of Saint Menas ( Cairo )
Church of Saint Menas of Samatya , Istanbul
Minas of Aksum
Monastery of Saint Mina
Pope Cyril VI of Alexandria
References
Further reading
Weitzmann , Kurt , ed. , Age of spirituality : late antique and early Christian art , third to seventh century , pp . 573–578 , 1979 , Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York ,
External links
The official website of St. Mina Monastery in Maruit
Martyr Minas
Ivory Pyxis with St. Mina , the British Museum
`` Martyr Menas of Egypt '' , Orthodox Church in America
285 births
309 deaths
3rd-century Romans
4th-century Romans
4th-century Christian martyrs
Angelic visionaries
Saints from Roman Egypt
Miracle workers
Military saints
Theodore Burnett III ( born March 22 , 1968 , Brooklyn , New York ) , who performs under the name Ras Moshe , is a composer and multi-instrumentalist specializing in saxophone and flute . They are currently based in Brooklyn .
Moshe comes from a musical family . Their paternal grandfather , Theodore Burnett ( known professionally as `` Ted Barnett ” ) played tenor and alto saxophone with bands led by Lucky Millinder , Earl Bostic , Don Redman , Louis Armstrong , and others . Moshe 's father , Theodore Burnett II , also played saxophone .
`` The name Ras came when I was around the Rastafarian community and playing in some reggae bands , '' they said in a 2014 interview . `` Moshe is a name given to me when I was a little younger based on a religious conversion in the family . ''
Career
After high school graduation , Burnett performed with African drummers and a Rastafarian band called the Drums of Freedom Troupe . They became a full-time musician in 1987 .
Moshe has recorded and performed with William Hooker , Karl Berger , Stefan Christoff , Blaise Siwula , William Parker , Bill Cole 's Un-tempered Ensemble , Marc Edwards , Rashid Bakr , Lisette Santiago , and other contemporary jazz artists . They have led or been a member of Izititiz , the Jesse Dulman Quartet , the Matt Lavelle Quartet , the Heritage Symphony Orchestra , the Ras Moshe Music Now Unit , the Ras Moshe Quartet , the William Parker Orchestra , and other ensembles .
They have recorded for the Ayler , Utech , Straw2gold Pictures , KMB , and 577 labels .
In 2005 and 2006 , they released four albums on the Utech label , entitled Live Spirits , Vols . 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 . ( Volumes 1 and 2 were released under the name the Ras Moshe Music Now Unit . ) The album Transcendence , by the Ras Moshe Quartet , was issued on the KMB Jazz label in 2007 . In 2013 , under their own name , they released the album Outsight , culled from three live New York City performances , on the Straw2Gold label .
In 2000 , Moshe founded the Music Now series at The Brecht Forum in Brooklyn .
Discography
With Dafna Naphtali
Fusebox ( Gold Bolus Recordings , 2021 )
With Stefan Christoff
Rêves Sonores À Alwan ( Howl ! , 2016 )
as Ras Moshe
Outsight ( Straw2Gold , 2013 )
With Dave Ross , Federico Ughi
RED RIVER FLOWS ( 577 Records , 2008 )
as Ras Moshe Music Now Unit
Live Spirits vol 1-4 ( Utech Records , 2005-06 )
References
American avant-garde musicians
Musicians from Brooklyn
American jazz saxophonists
American male saxophonists
American jazz flautists
American jazz composers
American jazz bandleaders
1968 births
Living people
Jazz musicians from New York ( state )
21st-century saxophonists
American male jazz composers
21st-century American male musicians
Phtheochroa sociana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found on the Crimea and in Georgia and the Near East .
The wingspan is 11–14 mm . Adults have been recorded on wing from May to June .
References
Moths described in 1988
Phtheochroa
Domenico Bartolucci ( 7 May 1917 – 11 November 2013 ) was an Italian cardinal of the Catholic Church . They were the former director of the Sistine Chapel Choir and the Accademia Nazionale di Santa Cecilia , and was recognized in the field of music both as a director and a prolific composer . Considered among the most authoritative interpreters of Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina , Bartolucci led the Sistine Chapel Choir in performances worldwide , and also directed numerous concerts with the Choir of the Academy of Santa Cecilia , including a tour of the former Soviet Union .
On 20 November 2010 , Pope Benedict XVI elevated them to the College of Cardinals . Because Bartolucci was over the age of 80 , they were never eligible to participate in any papal conclave .
Biography
Early career
At a very young age , Bartolucci entered the seminary in Florence , where they were recruited as a singer . Upon the death of their master Bagnoli , Bartolucci succeeded them as director of the Chapel of the Duomo of Florence . In those years they began to compose their first masses , motets , and organ music , as well as madrigals and chamber music .
At the end of 1942 Bartolucci went to Rome in order to deepen their knowledge of sacred music . Having served as Deputy Master of the St. John Lateran , in 1947 they were appointed Master of the Liberian Choir of St. Mary Major , succeeding Licinio Refice , absent . In 1952 , on the advice of Lorenzo Perosi , they were appointed Deputy Master of the Sistine Chapel .
Bartolucci and the Sistine Chapel Choir
When Perosi died in 1956 , Pope Pius XII gave Bartolucci the position of permanent director of the Pontifical Sistine Chapel Choir . In 1997 Bartolucci was replaced at the helm of the Sistine Chapel by Msgr . Giuseppe Liberto , an event which aroused some controversy in the context of liturgical music . Among those most against the decision , motivated by Papal Master of Ceremonies Archbishop Piero Marini , was Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , who , after they became Pope Benedict XVI , recalled Bartolucci to direct a concert in the Sistine Chapel on 24 June 2006 , in which they offered music from the repertoire of sacred polyphony of Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina alongside their own compositions including the motet Oremus pro Pontifice Nostro Benedicto ( `` Let us pray for our Pontiff Benedict '' ) , dedicated to the Pope .
The ensemble of the Pontifical Sistine Chapel Choir upon the death of Perosi was in poor condition . The situation was restored , however , thanks to the commitment of Bartolucci and personal interest of Pope John XXIII . In the forty years of Bartolucci 's leadership , the choir balanced the obligation of papal liturgies with tours in various countries throughout the world , including Austria , France , Belgium , the Philippines , Australia , the United States , Turkey , Poland and Japan . In the years of the Second Vatican Council Bartolucci , against abandoning Latin , committed themselves that the liturgical reform should not take a direction hostile to sacred music .
Activity as a composer
Bartolucci was also dedicated to teaching and composition . They were a child prodigy , having composed their first Mass at age 12 ; their best known Mass is the `` Misa Jubilei , '' written in the Holy Year 1950 . The body of their work already published fills more than forty volumes and includes Masses , motets , madrigals , hymns , symphonic , organ , and chamber music , and above all a series of oratorios for soloists , chorus , and orchestra . Their three-act opera Brunelleschi is yet to be performed .
The concept of music for Bartolucci is based on naturalness and spontaneity . Their reference points are Gregorian chant , Palestrina , and Verdi . Characteristic of Bartolucci 's aesthetic conception is a respect for tradition , whose base lies in `` a considerable severity of song and a certain limpid and solid polyphony '' , as they describe in the preface to their First Book of Motets .
Creation as cardinal
On 20 October 2010 , Pope Benedict XVI announced Monsignor Bartolucci 's appointment to the College of Cardinals in the consistory scheduled for 20 November , recognising them for their service to the Church in the area of sacred ecclesiastical Catholic Church music ( music used in the Catholic Church 's principal liturgical celebrations , especially the Eucharist – the Mass , liturgical processions , rites such as marriages and funerals , and Eucharistic Adoration and Benediction ) . They were created Cardinal-Deacon of Santissimi Nomi di Gesù e Maria in Via Lata , usually referred to as Gesù e Maria . At their elevation , Bartolucci became the fourth-oldest member of the college . Because they were over the age of 80 , under the terms of Pope Paul VI 's 1970 motu proprio Ingravescentem aetatem , they were never eligible to vote in any future Papal conclave . Bartolucci was excused from the requirement that a cardinal be or become a bishop .
Death
Bartolucci died on 11 November 2013 , at the age of 96 . Their funeral Mass took place at St. Peter 's Basilica on 13 November , and was led by Angelo Sodano , Dean of the College of Cardinals , with Pope Francis performing the final commendation . The Pope described Bartolucci as a `` dear and esteemed priest , illustrious composer , and musician , who exercised their long ministry particularly through sacred music , which is born of faith and expresses faith . ''
References
External links
Fondazione Domenico Bartolucci
1917 births
2013 deaths
People from Borgo San Lorenzo
21st-century Italian cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Benedict XVI
Italian conductors ( music )
Italian male conductors ( music )
Italian composers
Italian male composers
Almo Collegio Capranica alumni
Peter Temple-Morris , Baron Temple-Morris ( 12 February 1938 – 1 May 2018 ) was a British politician . They were elected as the Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Leominster in 1974 ; they stood down in 2001 after changing parties . They sat in the House of Lords as a Labour peer . They died on 1 May 2018 aged 80 .
Early life
Born in Cardiff , Temple-Morris attended Llandaff Cathedral School and Hillstone School ( Malvern College 's preparatory school ) in Malvern , then Malvern College . They went to St Catharine 's College , Cambridge , gaining a BA in Law in 1958 . They became a barrister , like their father , from 1962 at the Inner Temple , practising until 1989 . Their family home was in Cardiff , as their father Sir Owen Temple-Morris was MP for Cardiff East .
Parliamentary career
Temple-Morris was selected as the Conservative candidate for Newport ( Monmouthshire ) in 1964 and 1966 and Norwood in 1970 . In February 1974 , they were elected for Leominster , having been selected for the seat in March 1973 . That same year , they were appointed vice-chairperson , Commonwealth Parliamentary Association ( UK Branch ) . In 1979 , they were appointed Parliamentary Private Secretary to the Minister of Transport , Norman Fowler , Executive Member , Inter-Parliamentary Union ( British Group ) and Founding Co-Chairman , British-Irish Inter-Parliamentary Body . They were a member of the Select Committees on Agriculture ( 1982–83 ) and on Foreign Affairs ( 1987–90 ) . Temple-Morris was a strong supporter of Michael Heseltine .
Crossing the floor
Temple-Morris resigned after they were suspended from the Conservative Party in 1997 because Tory officials said they had `` repeatedly and publicly questioned their continued commitment to the Conservative Party . '' Speaking after their resignation , the MP told BBC Radio 5 Live : `` I 'm not surprised in all the circumstances and not a little bit relieved in view of the unhappy state of politics of the Conservative Party for some years now . ''
The BBC reported that Conservative leader William Hague 's action would be seen as an attempt to deflect attention from disappointing election results in Winchester and Beckenham . As for Temple-Morris , their disaffection toward their old party grew due to their hard-line stance on the euro .
From 1997 to 1998 , Temple-Morris sat on the government Labour benches , but did not take the whip , instead sitting as a one-man 'Independent One-Nation Conservative ' group . However , on Saturday 20 June 1998 they joined the Labour Party but stood down as an MP at the 2001 general election . They are the only person ever to serve as a Labour MP representing Herefordshire , though they were never elected as a member of that party .
House of Lords
Temple-Morris was made a life peer on 22 June 2001 as Baron Temple-Morris , of Llandaff in the County of South Glamorgan and of Leominster in the County of Herefordshire . They sat in the House of Lords as a Labour peer .
Outside politics , Temple-Morris was appointed Chairman of the Macleod Group , an association of left-of-centre Conservative MPs , in 1979 . Since 1995 , they were President of the British-Iranian Business Association Society .
Temple-Morris contributed to the book What next for Labour ? Ideas for a new generation in September 2011 , their piece being entitled `` Labour : Progressive Politics '' .
Personal life
Temple-Morris 's father , Owen Temple-Morris , was also a Conservative MP . Their son , Eddy Temple-Morris , is a DJ , Virgin Radio presenter , record producer and former MTV presenter .
Temple-Morris married Taheré Khozeimé-Alam ( the daughter of Amir-Hossein Khozeimé Alam of Dezashib who fled to London from Iran in 1979 ) in 1964 in London . The couple had two sons and two daughters .
When they were an MP , Temple-Morris was known for their love of shooting , wine and food .
References
External links
Lord Temple-Morris - UK Parliament
They Work For You
1938 births
2018 deaths
Labour Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Conservative Party ( UK ) MPs for English constituencies
Independent members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
Labour Party ( UK ) life peers
People educated at The Cathedral School , Llandaff
People educated at Malvern College
Politics of Herefordshire
Politicians from Cardiff
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
Alumni of St Catharine 's College , Cambridge
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
`` Shawty Get Loose '' is the third single from hip hop artist Lil Mama 's debut album , VYP : Voice of the Young People . The single is the remix version , where it features Chris Brown singing the chorus , and T-Pain rapping on the second verse . In the original , T-Pain originally sings the chorus , while Lil Mama raps on the second verse . Instead of T-Pain using the Auto-Tune effect , Chris Brown uses it , like they did in their other collaboration with T-Pain , `` Kiss Kiss '' .
Composition
`` Shawty Get Loose '' is a pop/rap song , performed in the key of F minor with a tempo of 115 beats per minute .
Critical response
Allmusic editor K. Ross Hoffman praised the song : `` recording of some cute tykes requesting `` Shawty Get Loose , '' the infectious lite-R & B/dance banger which saved them from one-hit-wonder status by going Top Ten in early 2008 ( thanks in part to the presence of guaranteed chart-greasers T-Pain and Chris Brown ) and it was highlighted . MSN Entertainment compared the song : `` Shawty Get Loose '' with Chris Brown and T-Pain treads similar sonic terrain as Brown 's hit `` Kiss Kiss . '' Adrienne Day praised the song by putting it in `` Download This '' list and noting : `` But kids will dig smart , quick cuts like the Southern-fried snap of Shawty Get Loose , featuring Chris Brown , who adds the special to Mama 's sauce . '' Caroline Sullivan wrote a positive description : `` a duet with R & B pin-up Chris Brown , Shawty Get Loose , is uplifting to a fault . '' OMH Music wrote that : `` surprisingly the tempo is maintained with T-Pain testing their production skills on Shawty Get Loose . '' Emilee Woods was positive : `` she repeatedly proves their ability to recreate the radio friendly formula of `` Lip Gloss '' on tracks like `` Shawty Get Loose '' ( ... ) `` Shawty Get Loose '' is already making waves internationally with its signature T-Pain production and Chris Brown on the Auto-Tune . '' Rolling Stone 's Jason Gay wrote : `` The rat-a-tat `` Shawty Get Loose , '' co-starring fellow phenom Chris Brown and produced by T-Pain , will have Mama 's acolytes bouncing around Hot Topic . '' Spin magazine recommended this song : `` kinetic Chris Brown- and T-Pain-assisted TV dance-show theme `` Shawty Get Loose '' should also be on your hard drive . '' A more mixed review came from DJ Booth : `` there 's Shawty Get Loose , a track featuring Lil Mama trying to squeeze a little more life out of the successful Chris Brown and T-Pain combination , with only decent results , mostly because it 's hard to figure out just which of their many personalities Lil Mama is inhabiting on Shawty . ''
Music video
The video was filmed and directed by R. Malcolm Jones in Miami , Florida . There is a dedication to Tara Kirkland , Lil Mama 's mother , who died on December 15 , 2007 , after a four-year battle with cancer .
The video is set to be futuristic as it is an imitation of Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson 's 1995 `` Scream '' video . Moreover , Chris Brown imitates Michael Jackson 's signature moves , and Lil ' Mama saying , `` Get it in control like Janet Jack ... '' in reference to Janet Jackson . The video also pays homage to TLC 's `` No Scrubs '' ( 1999 ) and IMx 's `` Stay the Night '' ( 1999 ) . DJ Khaled makes a cameo appearance on one of the TV screens and another features a clip of anime , with a character similar in features to Monkey D. Luffy of One Piece . Also , at the beginning of the video , T-Pain uses the saying `` Greatness + greatness = great greatness '' . The video also was featured during the 2008 ACC Basketball Tournament .
It premiered on BET 's Access Granted on January 30 , 2008 . Lil Mama presented their video on BET 's show 106 & Park on February 1 , 2008 . It debuted at number 10 and reached to number 1 in 8 days . It stayed at number 1 for 13 days , this is the longest a video has stayed at number one in 2008 . However , it appeared at # 17 on BET 's Notarized : Top 100 Videos of 2008 list . The video was released on February 19 on iTunes .
VFX for the video were created by Baked FX , previously Baked Goods .
Track listing
CD Single 1
`` Shawty Get Loose '' ( Main Version ) ( featuring Chris Brown and T-Pain )
`` Shawty Get Loose '' ( Squeaky Clean )
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2008 singles
Chris Brown songs
Lil Mama songs
T-Pain songs
Song recordings produced by T-Pain
Songs written by T-Pain
2008 songs
Marie Madeleine Jodin ( 1741–1790 ) was an eighteenth-century French actor , friend of Diderot , and early feminist .
Jodin was born to a prostitute mother and a Swiss clockmaker father . After a childhood of forced imprisonment and religious conversion , they eventually became an actor performing in the Comedie Francaise in Paris and then in Warsaw , Dresden , and Bordeaux during the 1760s . When their father died they became the ward of their friend , the encyclopedist , and art critic Denis Diderot , who would become their mentor . Diderot 's help would shape the course of their adult acting life and many of their feminist theories that they would later present in their treatise Vues Legislative Pour Les Femmes to the French National Assembly . Them treatise is considered to be the first feminist work to be written and signed by a woman in the French Revolutionary period and Enlightenment periods .
Early life
Marie 's father , Jean Jodin , married a former prostitute much older than himself . Due to the nature of their marriage their artisan family was wary of their new wife 's ability to be a fit mother and suitable wife , Through letters that Jean Jodin wrote to their sister it is known that Marie Jodin was a troublesome child ; their own father called them a “ monster clothed in a human face ” . At the age of nine they were forced to convert from Protestant to Catholic , a conversion that they fought throughout their childhood into their teenage years . As being Protestant in France was much more undesirable than being Catholic , it was advised that children convert in order to be treated better . Families like the Jodins were able to gain extra money by making children renounce the Protestant faith , or forcing a conversion . Throughout their life , Jodin was described as “ quarrelsome and ( having ) often violent behavior ” . Them violent behavior and their constant rejection of their Catholic conversion led to Jodin being sent to many convents throughout their childhood , as a way to fix their problems . Them behavior did not change while they were in the convents ; they violently resisted the disciplines of convent life and of their conversion , and was expelled from six different convents . Them passage through these convents did however allow Jodin to become well educated , which in their adult years would allow them to write with intellectual and social confidence .
Imprisonment
Jodin 's family saw them as a lost cause , and pushed for their imprisonment . Familial rights were very strong during the 18th century throughout France , if a family wanted a young woman held against their own will , for their own good , the state could assist them in attempting to control their daughters and save their reputations . By the age of 16 , after being expelled from numerous convents , Jodin along with their mother were working as prostitutes . Marie 's family believes that their own mother forced them into prostitution at such a young age for their own financial gain . As a result , they were imprisoned for their actions for two years . This period of two years at which Jodin was imprisoned in Salpêtrière Hospital had a profound effect on their life , and their later political writings . Conditions were deplorable even for 18th century standards ; girls lived in cramped overcrowded rooms and only received blankets during the cold winter months . Stories of prisoners being beaten for lack of productivity or disobedience were common . It was said by a member of an acting troupe , which Jodin would later belong to , that their shoulders showed visible signs of abuse and whippings that they received during their time at Salpêtrière .
Diderot ' influence
After their release from the hospital in 1760 , Jodin was able to get back on their feet quickly largely in part to their late father 's close friend , Denis Diderot . They arranged for them to go to the Comédie Française , which allowed them to become a licensed actor within a year of their being released . Diderot aimed to shape Jodin life through their personal theories on life as well as acting . As a mentor Diderot encouraged them to reform their life through rebuilding their character according to their dramatic and ethical theories . Diderot encouraged Jodin 's intellectual ambitions that they had always had from a young age . Although Diderot was one of Jodin 's closest friends and helped influence their life as well as their own theories on feminism , their name was never mentioned in their treatise , due to their conflicting views with Jean Jacques Rousseau .
Acting career
Within a year of being released from their imprisonment Jodin was already a licensed actor , thanks to their friend Denis Diderot . Diderot was able to get them into the Comédie Française in Paris . Actresses , like prostitutes , could not enjoy the basic civil or religious rights of the average person . They were unable to marry , pass on property , or have their children legitimized . Many actores died young or ended up living in poverty , or in the worst cases would become prostitutes . These men and women were criticized for the qualities that made them successful . Theatre was a form of self-promoting and was seen as very flamboyant which was why those involved in theatre were considered morally suspect by many . Actresses were at best depicted as ladies of easy virtue , at worst as whores . As in their childhood , Jodin 's years as an actor were tested by their short temper and erratic behavior . In 1766 when they were working in Warsaw there was an incident where they were arguing violently with their manager and another actor because a satirical pamphlet had come out about the French troupe that many thought Jodin had written . Following the release of the pamphlet an anonymous and vicious libel on Jodin 's character came out . Jodin refused to act until they received an apology from whoever had slandered her ; by doing this they risked imprisonment yet again ( for breach of contract ) , but they refused to stand down .
In 1769 they were imprisoned while working in Bordeaux for mocking a religious procession . That same year while acting in Angers they again quarreled with their manager and this time was fired . They then successfully sued their manager for breach of contract . All of these quarrels that they had with their managers and their co-workers were attempts to assert their rights “ and to gain some form of symbolic or legal reimbursement in the face of indiscriminate power ” .
Vues Législatives Pour Les Femmes
In 1790 they presented a treatise , entitled Vues Législatives Pour Les Femmes , or Legislative Views for Women , in front of the French National Assembly . Political works written by women in the 18th century were considered oddities ; a letter , novel or a memoir was considered more suitable for female expression . But Marie Jodin was a radical for their time , who envisioned women in roles of political power , not the ones being told what to do . It was n't until the eve of the revolution that women like Jodin were able to write on political topics , such as the rights of women . As daughter of a citizen of Geneva , Jodin believed they had inherited an honorable and superior social status that gave their confidence to defend their rights as a woman and as a citizen of France .
Throughout their treatise they constantly evoked Jean-Jacques Rousseau , who , in their own work , celebrated the citizens of Geneva . This enabled them to draft a model of citizenship which they had originally designed for men , and to apply it to women . Them 86-page treatise defended and argued for women in France on numerous different levels . Them primary demand was for the establishment of a women 's legislature with jurisdiction over women 's issues such as the institution of divorce . They believed that women should be in the realm of public life in order to legislate on behalf of women . They were interested in changing the political situation for women in France and since women were becoming more involved in public activities , due to the Enlightenment , they emphasized that “ the love of country , the love of liberty and glory animates our sex as much as yours , messieurs . We are not another species on earth ” . They argued that men and women were equal , and that there should be a single standard for both sexes . They also proposed the eradication of prostitution ; they attacked public prostitution and more specifically the wider idea of moral corruption . Inspired by their own time spent imprisoned due to prostitution , they argued for the suppression of prostitution , but did not want prostitutes to be imprisoned . They sought to transform them by allowing them to become useful and productive citizens , rather than locking them up and allowing for the vicious cycle of prostitution and poverty to continue . In the same year that they presented their treatise , Jodin died . Two years after their death the Law of 20 September 1792 passed . This law legalized divorce , and was the most liberal law on divorce in Europe . Marie Jodin 's treatise allowed for the understanding of social and gender composition of the time and demonstrated that a feminist agenda was already securely in place during the early days of the French Revolution .
Bibliography
Gordon , Felicia ( 2001 ) ‘ This Accursed Child ' : The Early Years of Marie Madeleine Jodin ( 1741–90 ) Actress , Philosophe and Feminist , Women 's History Review , 10:2 , 229-248Simonton , Deborah . The Routledge History of Women in Europe since 1700 . London : Routledge , 2006.Gordon , Felicia , P. N. Furbank , and Marie-Madeleine Jodin . Marie Madeleine Jodin , 1741-1790 : Actress , Philosophe , and Feminist . Aldershot : Ashgate , 2001.Curtis-Wendlandt , Lisa , Paul Richard , Gibbard , and Karen Green . Political Ideas of Enlightenment Women . Ashgate Publishing Group , 2013.Cameron , Vivian P .. 1984 . “ Two 18th-century French Art Critics ” . Woman 's Art Journal 5 ( 1 ) . Old City Publishing , Inc. : 8–11 . doi:10.2307/1357878
References
External links
http : //gallica.bnf.fr/ark : /12148/bpt6k56704r/f1.image
https : //www.jstor.org/stable/pdf/40372865.pdf ? _=1463159269912
1741 births
1790 deaths
18th-century French actores
French stage actores
French feminists
Tajikistan sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7–18 September 2016 . This was the fourth consecutive appearance of the country at the Paralympic Games after it made its debut twelve years prior at the 2004 Summer Paralympics . Tajikistan was represented by a single athlete in Rio de Janeiro : sprinter Romikhudo Dodikhudoev . They finished 14th overall in both of the men 's 400 metres T47 and the men 's 100 metres T47 and these performances meant they did not qualify for the final of both competitions .
Background
Tajikistan first competed in Paralympic competition at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens , Greece , and have competed at every Summer Paralympic Games since . This made Rio de Janeiro the country 's fourth appearance at a Summer Paralympiad . The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees ( NPC ) taking part . Tajikistan sent just one athlete to the Rio de Janeiro Paralympics : sprinter Romikhudo Dodikhudoev . They were accompanied by the chairperson of the Tajik Paralimpic Committee Safarali Boyev , secretary-general of the committee Abdurauf Olimov and an unnamed translator . The team could not find sponsorship from independent organisations and thus used its own funding to compete in the Games . Dodikhudoev was chosen to be the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Romikhudo Dodikhudoev began suffering from the bone infection osteomyelitis at the age of five , and was left disabled because the local medical facilities could not provide them with decent treatment and their left arm consequently became shorter than their right arm . They were 26 years old at the time of the Rio Paralympic Games and they were making their debut in the Summer Paralympics . Dodikhudoev was assigned a quota place from the International Paralympic Committee to qualify for the Games because of their performance at the 2015 IWAS World Games in Sochi . They were coached by their trainer Gairat Negmatov . Before the Games , Dodikhudoev said , `` My participation at the Paralympic Games is an indication that I have a strong spirit , that I am capable of achieving high goals , despite my physical disability . I want to show all the handicapped people that their physical disabilities should not stop them from achieving their goals . '' On 10 September , they competed in the heats of the men 's 100 metres T47 event . Assigned to the first heat , Dodikhudoev finished the race in a time of 12.89 seconds , seventh and last of all the finishing athletes . The top eight runners advanced to the final and they did not as they were 14th overall out of 16 competitors . Six days later , Dodikhudoev participated in the men 's 400 metres T47 competition , and was drawn into heat one . They placed fifth out of six sprinters with a time of 56.34 seconds . As with their previous event , only the top eight progressed to the final , and Dodikhudoev 's competition came to an end as they ranked 14th overall out of 17 finishers .
Men 's Track
See also
Tajikistan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Tajikistani sport
The 2014 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach was the 40th annual running of the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach and the second race of the 2014 IndyCar Series season . It took place on April 13 , 2014 in Long Beach , California on its temporary street circuit . It was won by Mike Conway .
Classification
Qualifying
Race results
Notes
Points include 1 point for leading at least 1 lap during a race , an additional 2 points for leading the most race laps , and 1 point for Pole Position .
Championship standings after the race
Drivers ' Championship standings
Manufacturer standings
Note : Only the top five positions are included .
References
Long Beach
Grand Prix of Long Beach
Grand Prix of Long Beach
Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach
Max Q is the first and only studio album by Australian band Max Q . The album was released in September 1989 . It was certified gold in Australia .
At the ARIA Music Awards of 1990 , the album was nominated for ARIA Award for Breakthrough Artist – Album .
Reception
Dan Jones said `` Max Q deserves some long overdue attention . Constructed around Olsen 's hybrid electronic song structures , Max Q explodes with invention at every turn . 'Sometimes ' and 'Way of the World ' bristle with a vibe of punk/agro meets disco/house splendor – an area bands like Depeche Mode and Massive Attack have explored in depth . Jittery guitars clash with looped percussion attacks , and Michael 's raging vocal workouts head butt powerful orchestral flourishes and the odd sonic bleep . There 's a lot of raw noise going on here , but some of it is certainly beautiful '' .
Track listing
Personnel
Max Q members
Michael Hutchence – vocals
Ollie Olsen – producer
Arne Hanna – guitar
Michael Sheridan – guitar , feedback
Bill McDonald – bass guitar
Gus Till – piano , MIDI programming
John Murphy – drums , percussion , trumpet , screams
Additional personnel
Peggy Harley – backing vocals
Marie Hoy – backing vocals ( `` Soul Engine '' )
Pat Powell – backing vocals ( `` Bucket Head '' )
Pam Ross – narration
Recorded at Rhino Studios , Darlinghurst
Paula Jones – engineer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certification
Release history
References
1989 debut albums
Max Q ( Australian band ) albums
CBS Records soundtracks
Albums produced by Michael Hutchence
Albums produced by Ollie Olsen
Mercury Records soundtracks
1989 soundtrack albums
Film soundtracks
Orestias may refer to :
Orestiada , a town in the Evros regional unit , Greece
the ancient Greek city of Orestias , now in Turkey
Orestias ( fish ) , a genus of South American fishes in the family Cyprinodontidae
Orestias ( plant ) , a genus of African plants in the family Orchidaceae
Syzygium nervosum is a species of tree native to tropical Asia and Australia , extending as far north as Guangdong and Guangxi in China and as far south as the Northern Territory of Australia . It was previously known as Cleistocalyx operculatus and also known as C. nervosum ( DC . ) Kosterm. , and Eugenia operculata Roxb. , 1832 . It is a medium-sized tree of about 10 meters in height with pale brown bark and dull green leaves .
Description
The leaves of S. nervosum are elliptical , obovate and glaborous , measuring 7–9 cm in length .
Flowers cluster as greenish white trichomatous panicles . The blossoms have 4 petals .
The 7–12 mm diameter fruits are ovoid with a concave tip and a wrinkled texture . The fruits turn purplish upon ripening .
Uses
The leaves and buds of S. nervosum are harvested , dried , and brewed as an herbal tea in Vietnam known as `` nước vối '' with stomachic properties .
Gallery
References
nervosum
Trees of Australia
Ornamental trees
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of Western Australia
Flora of tropical Asia
Flora of China
Plants described in 1828
Astra 3A is one of the Astra communications satellites owned and operated by Société Européenne des Satellites , launched in March 2002 to the Astra 23.5°E orbital position to provide digital television and radio for direct to home ( DTH ) and cable , multimedia and interactive services , corporate networks , and occasional and other business services to Europe .
The satellite provides two broadcast beams , of horizontal and vertical polarisation , across two footprints that covered essentially the same areas of Europe – principally the countries of central Europe .
History
Astra 3A was launched to provide follow-on capacity to replace the DFS Kopernikus-3 satellite and deliver additional capacity for the Benelux countries and central Europe , to create SES-Astra 's third major European satellite hotspot after Astra 19.2°E and Astra 28.2°E with access to channels at both positions using a single dish fitted with a monoblock Duo LNB . In that role , television signals could be received with a 50 cm dish across Germany , Austria , Switzerland , Belgium , the Netherlands , Luxembourg , the Czech Republic , most of Denmark , and in parts of France , Italy , Poland , Slovenia , and Slovakia . Reception was even possible as far afield as Scotland , Sweden and Serbia when a larger dish ( around 110 cm ) was used .
In addition to contribution feeds and individual television channels , Astra 3A carried pay television networks including Kabel Deutschland ( Germany ) , Canal Digitaal ( Netherlands ) , TV Vlaanderen ( Belgium ) , CS Link ( Slovakia and Czech Republic ) and Skylink ( Slovakia and Czech Republic ) . On 1 February 2012 Kabel Deutschland left Astra 3A and during 2012 other services were transferred off the satellite . As of October 2012 , Astra 3A was in an inclined orbit at 23.7° East with all services carried by the adjacent Astra 3B satellite .
In November 2013 , Astra 3A was moved to 176.9° West where it remained , in inclined orbit , to provide backup to SES ' NSS-9 satellite . In June 2016 , Astra 3A was moving east at approximately 1.5°/day and was subsequently positioned at 86.5° West . In November 2016 it started moving east at approx 0.5°/day until positioned at 47° West in mid-February 2017 alongside SES ' NSS-806 satellite ( replaced by SES-14 in January 2018 ) . Towards the end of October 2019 , Astra 3A started moving west at approx 0.8°/day until returned to 86.5° West in December 2019 .
See also
Astra 23.5°E former orbital position
SES satellite operator
Astra satellite family
Astra 3B replacement satellite
DFS-Kopernikus previous position holder
References
External links
Official Astra consumers/viewers ' website
SES guide to channels broadcasting on Astra satellites
Official trade/industry site
Astra satellites
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Spacecraft launched in 2002
2002 in Luxembourg
Satellites of Luxembourg
Satellites using the HS-376 bus
Tonga competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , from 7 September to 18 September 2016 .
History
Tonga went into the Paralympic Games with never having won a Paralympic medal in their history of participating in the Games . At the previous Games in London , the country only sent one sportsperson .
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories ; amputation , the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness ; cerebral palsy ; wheelchair athletes , there is often overlap between this and other categories ; visual impairment , including blindness ; Les autres , any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories , for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis . Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications , dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition . Events are given a code , made of numbers and letters , describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing . Some sports , such as athletics , divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities , other sports , for example swimming , group competitors from different categories together , the only separation being based on the severity of the disability .
Athletics
Men 's field
These Paralympics were Sione Manu 's first . They participated in the Javelin F46 event . Manu had their left arm amputated above the elbow after an accident .
Women 's field
Ana Talakai was the opening ceremonies flag bearer for Tonga . Sione Manu was their sighted guide for the opening ceremony .
Broadcasting
No broadcaster had the rights to the Games in Tonga . The Games were available via live streaming on the International Paralympic Committee website .
See also
Tonga at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Tongan sport
Priestman may refer to :
People
Anna Priestman ( 1828-1914 ) , British social reformer and women 's rights activist
Brian Priestman ( 1927–2014 ) , conductor
Henry Priestman ( MP ) ( 1647–1712 ) , English politician
Henry Priestman ( born 1955 ) , musician
Jaqueline Priestman , woman famous for their innate electrical abilities
John Priestman ( 1855–1941 ) , shipbuilder
William Dent Priestman ( 1847–1936 ) , Quaker and combustion engine pioneer , inventor of the first British internal combustion engine to burn a fuel heavier than petrol ( 1885 )
Jane Priestman ( born 1930 )
Richard Priestman ( born 1955 )
Others
Priestman Brothers , dredger and excavator manufacturers based in Kingston upon Hull
Priestman v Colangelo
`` Clown Prince '' is a 2006 song by Australian band Hilltop Hoods .
Clown Prince may also refer to :
Clown Princes , a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film
Biz Markie ( born 1964–2021 ) , American rapper nicknamed the `` Clown Prince of Hip Hop ''
Chad Morgan ( born 1933 ) , Australian country musician nicknamed the `` Clown Prince of Comedy '' , or of Australian country music
Jack L. Warner ( 1892–1978 ) , American film executive nicknamed the `` Clown Prince of Hollywood ''
Len Shackleton ( 1922–2000 ) , English footballer nicknamed the `` Clown Prince of Soccer '' , or of football
Max Patkin ( 1920–1999 ) , American baseball player nicknamed the `` Clown Prince of Baseball ''
Shane Gillis ( 1987- ) , American standup comedian nicknamed `` Clown Prince of the Alt-Right ''
Joker ( character ) , a fictional supervillain nicknamed the `` Clown Prince of Crime ''
See also
Clown Prince of the Menthol Trailer , a 1994 EP by Guided by Voices
Clown
Prince
Crown prince
Mike Kinsella ( born March 4 , 1977 ) is an American multi-instrumentalist involved in many Illinois-based bands such as Cap'n Jazz , Owls , Joan of Arc , The One Up Downstairs , American Football , and Owen . They were first recognized in the music scene in Cap'n Jazz , formed by their brother Tim in 1989 , at the age of 12 . In 2001 , Kinsella began their current solo project , Owen , in which they perform vocals , guitar , bass , drums , keyboards , loops , etc . Kinsella was also in a band called The Shirts and Skins , with their wife . In 2013 , they released two EPs with their latest project , Their / They 're / There , featuring Evan Weiss of Into It . Over It . and Matthew Frank of Loose Lips Sink Ships .
Many of their albums , including Owen and No Good for No One Now , were recorded at their mother 's home . They are one of three musicians in their family , along with brother Tim Kinsella and cousin Nate Kinsella .
Discography
References
External links
Official Owen site
Biography on a Joan of Arc fan site , archived
Owen live on The Current
Owen 's Myspace
The Shirts and Skins ' Myspace
Living people
American rock drummers
People from Buffalo Grove , Illinois
Musicians from Chicago
1977 births
American male drummers
20th-century American drummers
21st-century American singers
21st-century American drummers
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male singers
Nils Steen ( 19 February 1892 – 29 September 1968 ) was a Norwegian business person .
Personal life
They were born in Kristiania as a son of businessperson Christian Strøm Steen ( 1854–1932 ) and Lilli Bing ( 1865–1935 ) . They were thus a brother of Emil Steen , grandson of Peter Emil Steen , nephew of Johan and Emil Steen , and a first cousin of Erling and Fredrik Steen .
In 1925 they married Wencke Mowinckel Wetlesen , daughter of an explosives company executive .
Career
They took commercial education in Norway and abroad , and was hired in the family company Steen & Strøm in 1919 . Together with their first cousin Erling Steen and Eyvind Strøm , who both too entered the company in the 1910s , they took over the leadership in the 1930s . Nils Steen became director in 1932 . After becoming chief executive in 1960 they retired in 1964 , but continued as chairperson of the board .
During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany , acting chief executive Nils Steen and chairperson Erling Steen abide by the trade policies of the occupiers . Erling Steen was imprisoned for a period , and in May 1943 the wholesaling and retailing departments of Steen & Strøm were shut down by the authorities .
They were a supervisory council member of Oslo Sparebank from 1943 to 1953 , and in the enterprise organizations they were a board member of Handelens Arbeidsgiverforening from 1938 to 1948 , of Oslo Manufakturkjøbmenns Forening from 1946 to 1947 and their representative in Oslo Chamber of Commerce from 1945 to 1951 . They resided at Gjettum farm since 1932 , and was a member of Bærum municipal council from 1948 to 1951 , elected on a joint list of the Conservative and Agrarian parties .
They were decorated with the King 's Medal of Merit in gold in 1964 . They died in September 1968 .
References
1892 births
1968 deaths
Businesspeople from Oslo
Norwegian businesspeople in retailing
Bærum politicians
Conservative Party ( Norway ) politicians
Recipients of the King 's Medal of Merit in gold
Neohelix multilineata is a species of air-breathing land snail , a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae .
References
Polygyridae
Aaron L. Raskin is an American Chabad Lubavitch rabbi and writer . They serve as spiritual leader of Congregation B'nai Avraham , an Orthodox synagogue in Brooklyn Heights , New York , and dean of Brooklyn Heights Jewish Academy .
Early life
Aaron Raskin was born to Benzion and Bassie Raskin and raised in Crown Heights , a neighborhood in Brooklyn , New York . Their maternal grandfather was Jacob J. Hecht , official translator of Lubavitcher Rebbe Menachem Mendel Schneerson , and Shea Hecht is their maternal uncle . Their grandfather 's strong influence plus the fact that Raskin themselves came from a long line of rabbis , with all their maternal uncles being rabbis , helped them decide to embark on a rabbinical path . Raskin graduated from the United Lubavitcher Yeshiva and the Rabbinical College of America with a BA in Rabbinical Studies .
Raskin served as a shliach ( emissary ) of the Lubavitcher Rebbe in Great Britain , and was the representative on Jewish leadership on a visit to the House of Lords . In doing so , they were following in the footsteps of their grandfather , who had served on the Ethics Committees during the administrations of President George H. W. Bush and New York Governor Mario Cuomo .
Rabbinical career
Congregation B'nai Avraham
As the shliach of the Rebbe to Downtown Brooklyn , Raskin founded Congregation B'nai Avraham at 117 Remsen Street in Brooklyn Heights at age 21 with a handful of families . It eventually grew into a sizable and active congregation . A pre-school called Kiddie Korner that started inside the synagogue 's brownstone location , expanded in 2009 to include a day care center called Gan Menachem , housed in a glass-fronted street-level site at the intersection of Clinton and Montague streets . The families served by the pre-school and daycare are a diverse group that includes secular Jews , less-observant Jews , and some non-Jews . In 2007 , the synagogue 's stoop was defaced with a swastika . In March 2009 during Purim , Raskin , while wearing The Man with the Yellow Hat costume , helped police to catch a thief who had been robbing the synagogue 's charity boxes .
Raskin holds regular weekly classes , open to the entire community . These classes include : a Monday evening lecture series devoted to topics ranging from Pirkei Avot ( `` Ethics of the Fathers '' ) to kabbalah ; a Wednesday morning women 's Weekly Torah portion class ; a Wednesday afternoon class geared toward male professionals given at private offices near Brooklyn Borough Hall , as well as lecture sessions in Tanya , Mishneh Torah , and Talmud held in the early morning and late afternoon of every Shabbat ( Jewish Sabbath ) . Their weekly classes can also be attended through Zoom since 2020 .
Mikveh
Raskin built a state-of-the-art mikveh ( ritual bath ) in B'nai Avraham , based on the Lubavitcher Rebbe 's philosophy that mikvehs should be aesthetically pleasing . The mikveh , located in the basement of the Remsen Street building , has the atmosphere of a mini spa , though all the requirements of halakhah ( Jewish law ) are fulfilled in its design . In October 2011 , Oprah Winfrey , wearing an austere , cape-like dress in dark colors , took a tour of the mikveh for a segment on the daily life of Hasidic Jews for their television series , `` Oprah 's Next Chapter , '' which aired on the Oprah Winfrey Network . Reporting on the visit , The New York Post called their `` Shul Girl Oprah . ''
Hanukkah menorah
Every Hanukkah , Raskin oversees the placement of a giant 32-foot menorah in front of Brooklyn 's Supreme Court building on Cadman Plaza , and lights it reciting the traditional blessings . Local energy provider Consolidated Edison provides a bucket truck to facilitate the nightly lighting ceremony . The menorah has since been designated Brooklyn 's Official Menorah by Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg accompanied Raskin in lighting the menorah in 2011 .
Raskin serves as dean of Brooklyn Heights Jewish Academy , which opened in the fall of 2015 . They received a dayonis judgeship from Rabbi Zalman Nechemia Goldberg and Rabbi Yohoram Ulman in 2017 .
Conversion and non-Jews
Raskin was involved for many years in conversions to Judaism , particularly at the start of their career . They continue to offer classes geared toward baal teshuvas ( returnees to Judaism ) and potential converts .
Raskin is a strong proponent of involving non-Jews in learning and following the Seven Laws of Noah ( `` Noahide Laws '' ) . They adhere to the tenets of respecting the concepts of the Righteous Gentile , and maintains friendly relations with Brooklyn Heights ' secular communities . As Raskin sees it , non-Jews can , and do , play a role in the life of their synagogue 's community , a policy that is unusual in Orthodox and Hasidic Jewish circles . Among the most visible are Domenico Lepore , an Italian , and their British-born wife , Angela Montgomery , who have studied extensively with Raskin on the topic of corporate management techniques ; Lepore has forged a Talmudic and Torah-based approach to problem-solving with Raskin 's help . At Raskin 's invitation , Lepore presented a lecture on this topic alongside a panel of rabbis and scholars at Brooklyn 's Borough Hall on the occasion of the Lubavitcher Rebbe 's yahrtzeit ( death anniversary ) in 2011 .
Public relations
Raskin is known by local journalists and public relations people as a quotable source of information about Jewish law , who can speak to the Orthodox Jewish lifestyle in secular , pop-cultural contexts and outlets .
Raskin was featured in the February 2006 issue of National Geographic magazine about the Chabad Lubavitch movement , with a large photo of Raskin and their wife instructing a new female congregant in the recitation of blessings over the Sukkot festival 's Lulav and Etrog ( palm frond and citron ) as they stood in a high wind on the Brooklyn Promenade at the beginning of the article . In October 2011 , Raskin commented for ABC News ' Good Morning America program about the alleged infidelity existing between Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore , both of whom had been documented attendees and students at the Los Angeles Kabbalah Centre .
In an interior Chabad ranking , Raskin was listed as top `` rising rabbi '' in the United States , and fourth globally .
Technology and Social Media
Raskin , who as a Chabad rabbi feels comfortable with new media , began recording their Monday night lectures at B'nai Avraham on video in 2010 . There are a large number of these lectures archived online , and pdf-format documents of materials that were distributed to in-person participants to the lectures are available on the site for download . A number of instructional videos and interviews with Raskin can be found on YouTube . Likewise , they maintain a presence on both Facebook and Twitter and has over 500 classes online .
B'nai Avraham has a dedicated website that offers various study resources ( mainly on the weekly Torah portion ) .
Family
Raskin is married to Shternie , who directs the Gan Menachem-Kiddie Korner preschool . They and their six children live in Brooklyn Heights .
Works
Raskin has had seven books published to date , and they have been translated into Spanish , Portuguese , German , Polish , and now being translated into Hebrew . Their latest book is Simanim , Parsha Mnemonics : Decoding the Number of Verses in the Torah Portion , published January 1 , 2022 . It explores the connection between the mnemonic , the number of pesukim and the theme of the parshah . Currently they are working on A Daily Guide for a More Meaningful Life , which aims to guide Noahides and inspire the nations of the world with daily tools , starting with the Modeh Ani prayer to thank and acknowledge the Almighty G-d for granting us another day , and guiding us throughout the entire day until retiring at night , when one returns the soul back to G-d . It includes business ethics and charity .
Other books published include the following :
On March 8 , 2020 , Parsha Mnemonics was published , and it is available on Amazon.com .
In March 2017 , Thank You , G-d for Making Me a Woman , now also available on Kindle through Amazon.com . This book aims to show that it is a mistaken belief that Judaism values the male contribution to its daily liturgy and life more than the female . In a clear and compassionate style , it lays out traditional observance and new scholarship with simple language . Ultimately , the Jewish woman 's role as ubiquitous force in daily life becomes clear : their power is subtle , mystical , transformative . Them role is n't marginal , it 's essential .
In 2013 , Sichos in English ( an imprint of the Lubavitch movement ) published their book , Guardian of Israel : Miracle Stories of Tefillin and Mezuzah . It focuses on two of the Lubavitcher Rebbe 's favorite Mitzvah ( `` commandment '' ) campaigns : for Jews to place a mezuzah on their doorpost ; and the mitzvah incumbent upon Jewish males to don tefillin ( phylacteries ) daily . Raskin is convinced of the 'miraculous ' nature of these observances , and compiled human interest stories from across the globe that relate what people feel might be confluences and personal revelations associated with them .
In March 2011 Sichos in English published Raskin 's By Divine Design : The Kabbalah of Large , Small , and Missing Letters in the Parshah , where Raskin investigates the graphic design of the individual Hebrew letters as they appear in the weekly Torah portion . In a rather unusual approach , they dwell on anomalies and discrepancies they find in the letters ' size , shape , and contextual usage . They also pepper their reference material with time-worn Jewish jokes that they use in their sermons .
They co-authored The Rabbi & the CEO in 2008 with Swiss corporate management consultant Thomas D. Zweifel ( Select Books , publisher ) , giving advice to corporate professionals on how to use the tenets of the Jewish Torah in the secular environment of their respective businesses . This book is now available in German , as well .
Raskin authored Letters of Light in 2004 ( also published with Sichos in English ) , in which each chapter is devoted to a discussion of a single letter of the Hebrew alphabet ( 22 letters in all ) . Many of Raskin 's books have also been translated into Spanish , German , and Portuguese .
Over 500 of Raskin 's weekly lectures on various Jewish topics are broadcast online at Chabad.org , YouTube and Spotify .
References
21st-century American rabbis
21st-century American male writers
American Hasidic rabbis
Chabad-Lubavitch rabbis
Orthodox rabbis from New York City
People from Brooklyn Heights
Writers from Brooklyn
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
The Institute for Condensed Matter Theory ( ICMT ) is an institute for the research of condensed matter theory hosted by and located at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign .
ICMT was founded in 2007 . The first director of the institute was Paul Goldbart who was followed by Eduardo Fradkin . The chief scientist is Nobel laureate Anthony Leggett .
References
External links
The Institute for Condensed Matter Theory
2007 establishments in Illinois
Physics institutes
Research institutes established in 2007
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign centers and institutes
Theoretical physics institutes
Air Commodore Sir John Adrian Chamier , ( 26 December 1883 – 3 May 1974 ) was a British officer of the Royal Air Force . Chamier is known as `` The Founding Father of the ATC '' for their role in the foundation of the Air Training Corps .
Military career
Indian Army and Royal Air Force
Chamier was educated at the Royal Military College , Sandhurst . After passing out on 27 August 1902 , their name was added to the Unattached List of the Indian Army , and they were in October posted to the Punjab command . They were commissioned into the Indian Army as a second lieutenant on 11 January 1904 , but with seniority from 27 August 1902 , and on 5 February 1904 was attached to the 33rd Punjabis , an Indian Army regiment . They were promoted captain on 27 August 1911 . Chamier was commissioned as a flying officer into the Royal Flying Corps on 26 August 1915 and served as a pilot in the First World War .
After the war , they transferred to the newly formed Royal Air Force , in which they served the rest of their career , eventually retiring in 1929 . From November 1921 to February 1922 , as Deputy Director , Directorate of Operations and Intelligence , Air Ministry , they were a delegate to the Washington Conference on the Limitation of Armaments .
Air Training Corps
After retirement from the RAF , Chamier became secretary of the Air League of the British Empire . During their tenure as secretary Chamier became involved with the founding , in 1938 of the Air Defence Cadet Corps , which on 5 February 1941 evolved into the Air Training Corps because the ADCC was seen as too forceful and decided to change it to a more subtle name of ATC . They set up the ATC to promote recruitment in the RAF and to get young people who are interested in aviation to be able to go to their local squadron at their own free will , making it more enjoyable .
After it was founded , Chamier became the Air Training Corps ' first Commandant , until their retirement in 1944 . They were succeeded by Air Marshal Sir Leslie Gossage .
Civilian career
Between 1928 and 1931 Chamier was a director on the board of Vickers ( Aviation ) Limited .
Chamier was , at one time , the aviation correspondent for the British Broadcasting Corporation ( BBC ) .
Aircraft
Chamier had a Mignet HM.14 Flying Flea light aircraft registered G-ADME in their name between 1935 and 1938 .
Decorations
Chamier received several decorations for their service to the British Empire . They were made a Companion of the Order of the Bath , the Order of St. Michael and St. George and the Distinguished Service Order , and an Officer of the Order of the British Empire . In 1944 they were knighted as a Knight Bachelor .
Politics
Chamier was a member of and speaker at meetings of the January Club of the British Union of Fascists .
Published works
The Birth of the Royal Air Force , Pitman , London , ( 1943 ) ( No ISBN ) , British Library Calalogue Entry
References
External links
Air of Authority - A History of RAF Organisation - Air Commodore Sir John Chamier
1883 births
1974 deaths
Royal Air Force officers
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Air Force personnel of World War I
Knights Bachelor
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Royal Flying Corps officers
British Indian Army officers
British World War I pilots
British fascists
Graduates of the Royal Military College , Sandhurst
Cărbuna is a village in Ialoveni District , Moldova .
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
Leptocorisa is a genus of broad-headed bugs in the family Alydidae . There are about 17 described species in Leptocorisa , some of which are known as `` rice bugs '' or gundhi bugs ( in India ) ; they are found in south and east Asia and in Oceania .
Species
These 17 species belong to the genus Leptocorisa :
Leptocorisa acuta ( Thunberg , 1783 )
Leptocorisa ayamaruensis Van Doesburg & Siwi , 1983
Leptocorisa biguttata Walker , 1871
Leptocorisa bipunctata Costa , 1863
Leptocorisa chinensis Dallas , 1852
Leptocorisa costalis Herrich-Schäffer , 1846
Leptocorisa discoidalis Walker , 1871
Leptocorisa lepida Breddin , 1909
Leptocorisa luzonensis Ahmad , 1965
Leptocorisa luzonica Ahmad , 1965
Leptocorisa oratoria ( Fabricius , 1794 )
Leptocorisa palawanensis Ahmad , 1965
Leptocorisa pseudolepida Ahmad , 1965
Leptocorisa sakdapolrakae Ahmad , 1965
Leptocorisa solomonensis Ahmad , 1965
Leptocorisa tagalica Ahmad , 1965
Leptocorisa timorensis Van Doesburg & Siwi , 1983
References
Further reading
Alydidae
Hemiptera of Asia
Walter Pauk was Cornell University 's reading and study center director . They were the author of the best-selling How-To Study In College . Pauk has been lauded as `` one of the most influential professors in the field of developmental education and study skills '' . They created Cornell Notes .
In 1997 , Pauk was recognized for their work with the Pearl Anniversary Award by The College Reading and Learning Association .
Pauk died on December 7 , 2019 .
Select bibliography
References
Cornell University faculty
American education writers
2019 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
A khlong ( , ) , alternatively spelt as klong ( ) commonly refers to a canal in Thailand . These canals are spawned by the rivers Chao Phraya , Tha Chin , and Mae Klong , along with their tributaries particularly in the low-lying areas of central Thailand . The Thai word khlong is not limited to artificial canals . Many smaller rivers are referred to as `` khlong '' followed by the name of the stream .
Khlongs in Bangkok
there are 1,682 canals in Bangkok , totalling 2,604 kilometres in length . Nine canals are primary flood drainage conduits .
In years past , the Thai capital was crisscrossed by khlongs , and so gained the nickname `` Venice of the East '' . Khlongs were used for transportation , for floating markets , but also for sewage disposal . Today , most of the khlongs of Bangkok have been filled in , although the Thonburi side of Bangkok ( covering areas west of the Chao Phraya River ) still retains several of its larger khlongs .
Khlong Saen Saep in central Bangkok is a significant thoroughfare in traffic-congested Bangkok 's public transportation network .
Floating markets
Traditional floating markets now exist mainly as tourist attractions . The best-known is the Damnoen Saduak floating market in Ratchaburi Province .
References
The Olagbegi family is a royal family in Owo , a city in Ondo State , southwestern Nigeria . Members of the family are descendants of Olagbegi Atanneye I , the Olowo of Owo who reigned between 1913 and 1938 . Olagbegi Atanneye was themselves a descendant of Ojugbelu Arere , the first traditional ruler of Owo , who was a direct descendant of Oduduwa .
Olateru Olagbegi I , the son of Olagbegi Atanneye , had 300 wives during their reign . After their demise , it was discovered that five of them were still virgins . The family belongs to the Nigerian chieftaincy system .
Notable members
Olagbegi Atanneye I
Olagbegi Atanneye II
Olateru Olagbegi I
Olateru Olagbegi II
Folagbade Olateru Olagbegi III
Gbemi Olateru Olagbegi
Olubunmi Olateru Olagbegi
Bukunyi Olateru-Olagbegi
A Footballer in The Future You 'll See
References
Yoruba royal families
Nigerian royalty
O
Paul Gardy was Général de brigade of the French Army and Commandant of the Foreign Legion in 1951 and 1958 .
Military career
Saint-Cyrien of the 108th promotion ( `` du Souvenir '' - `` of Memory '' promotion ) , sous-lieutenant Gardy , graduated Saint-Cyr in 1923 , passed a year of application at Saumur , then joined the 8th Hussards Regiment ( ) . Promoted to lieutenant , they were designated for the Levant in September 1925 and was assigned at their request , to the 4th squadron of the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1er REC , with whom they took part to the columns of Hermon ( ) . They distinguished themselves notably during mounting the defensive of the citadel of Rashaya . Wounded twice , they were cited at the orders of the armed forces and evacuated .
Assigned temporarily at the 12th Cuirassiers Regiment ( ) , they returned in 1926 to the 1st squadron of the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1e REC , in the region of Euphrate .
With their unit , they were sent to Bou Denib in Morocco in 1927 , then to Sousse in Tunisia in August 1928 . In June 1929 , lieutenant Gardy passed to the 3rd squadron with whom they redeployed to Morocco , Rich circle ( ) .
They were later detached to the 37th Aviation Regiment ( ) , at the squadron of Ouarzazate , with whom they operated in Central Atlas , Sagho and Draa .
they obtained two citations and was made a chevalier of the Légion d'honneur .
In 1931 , they were assigned to the 1st African Chasseur Regiment ( ) , then to the 3rd Hussards .
In 1932–1933 , they pursued the course of an instructor lieutenant at Saumur , then joined the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1er REC at Sousse in October 1933 , where they assumed the command of the 1st squadron .
Captain in October 1934 , they left the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1er REC in 1938 to join the war school ( ) after a short passage at the 2nd Mounted Dragoon Battalion ( ) .
They took part in the campaign of 1939–1940 at the general staff headquarters of the 20th Infantry Division ( ) , where they received a citation in June 1940 .
They joined quickly North Africa where they were assigned to the 4th Tunisian Saphis Regiment ( ) . Chef d'escadron in June 1941 , they commanded the second squadron group of this regiment and took part to the campaign in Tunisia where they were cited at the orders of the armed forces .
They were then designated as chief of the bureau of the 1re DB as of July 1943 . Designated second in command of the 2nd African Chasseur Regiment ( ) in April 1944 , they participated with this regiment to the campaign of France where they distinguished capability in the offensive of Hautes Alsace . Wounded twice , they were cited at the orders of the armed forces and promoted to officier of the Légion d'honneur .
Lieutenant-colonel in January 1945 , they were designated as an instructor at the general staff headquarter school ( ) , then attached to the military cabinet of general Kœnig at Baden-Baden .
As of March 1946 , they commanded the 1st Cuirassiers Regiment at Neustadt . Colonel on October 1 , 1947 , they assumed in June 1948 , the functions of chief of the general staff headquarters of the 1re DB , which they conserved until February 1951 .
They were designated accordingly as commandant of the subdivision of Tours . They received the commandeur degree of the Légion d'honneur .
Designated as second commandant in command of the Autonomous Group Tenure of the Foreign Legion ( ) at Sidi-Bel-Abbes on September 15 , 1951 , they assumed tenure commandment on October 1 , 1951 , succeeding général Jean Olié .
In 1955 , they joined Germany as deputy to the général commandant of the 1re DB .
Promoted to Général de brigade in 1957 , they were designated as Inspector of the Foreign Legion on July 31 , 1958 .
They participated the preparation and realization of the 1961 general 's putsch and joined général Raoul Salan at the corps of the Organisation armée sécrete ( OAS ) and took charge of the region of Alger then Oran where they remained until the end of June 1962 .
Général Paul Gardy was condemned in absentia on July 11 , 1961 .
Grand Officier of the Legion of Honour , Général Paul Gardy died accidentally in Argentina , where they exiled himself .
Recognitions and Honors
Grand Officier of the Légion d'Honneur
Commandeur of the Légion d'Honneur
Officier of the Légion d'Honneur
Chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur
See also
French Foreign Legion Music Band ( MLE )
René Lennuyeux
Pierre Jeanpierre
Jacques Lefort
Pierre Darmuzai
Saharan Méharistes Companies ( méharistes sahariennes )
1st Foreign Parachute Regiment
Hélie de Saint Marc
Roger Faulques
Christian Piquemal
References
Sources
Répertoire des chefs de corps
Centre de documentation de la Légion étrangère
Répertoire des citations ( BCAAM )
1901 births
1975 deaths
Higgins Soccer Complex is a 1,000-seat soccer-specific stadium in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . It is home to the Villanova Wildcats men 's and women 's soccer teams . The facility opened in 2014 and cost $ 3 million . The field FieldTurf surface .
The field is adjacent to Zimmerman Field , which is used for practices .
References
Soccer venues in Pennsylvania
2014 establishments in Pennsylvania
Sports venues completed in 2014
The women 's 800 metres event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 27 February–1 March .
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 from each heat ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) qualified for the semifinals .
Semifinals
First 3 from each semifinal qualified directly ( Q ) for the final .
Final
References
800 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
800
1998 in women 's athletics
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Toba , Mie Prefecture , Japan , operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway .
Lines
Nakanogō Station is served by the Shima Line , and is located 42.5 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station .
Station layout
The station was consists of two opposed side platforms connected by a level crossing . The station is unattended .
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Nakanogō Station opened on July 23 , 1929 as a station on the Shima Electric Railway . The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11 , 1944 . When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1 , 1964 , the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway , which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1 , 1965 . The station building was reconstructed in 1969 and has used PiTaPa automated wicket gates since 2007 . The station has been unattended since 2011 .
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019 , the station was used by an average of 193 passengers daily ( boarding passengers only ) .
Surrounding area
Toba City Hall
Toba Aquarium
Ise-wan Ferry
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu : Nakanogō Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Toba , Mie
Hanging Rock may refer to :
Australia
Hanging Rock , New South Wales , a mining village on the Northern Tablelands
Hanging Rock , Victoria , a rock formation
Picnic at Hanging Rock ( novel ) , a 1967 novel by Australian author Joan Lindsay
Picnic at Hanging Rock ( film ) , a 1975 film adaptation of the novel
United Kingdom
Hanging Rock , County Fermanagh , a cliff in Northern Ireland
United States
Hanging Rock , Ohio , a village
Hanging Rock Energy Facility , a natural-gas power plant near Hanging Rock , Ohio
Hanging Rock , Virginia , an unincorporated community in Roanoke County
Hanging Rock , West Virginia , an unincorporated community
Hanging Rock ( North Carolina ) , a mountain in Western North Carolina , also known as Bear 's Paw
Hanging Rock ( Upper Merion Township , Pennsylvania ) , a formation
Hanging Rock National Natural Landmark , Wabash County , Indiana
Hanging Rock State Park , a North Carolina State Park in the Piedmont
Hanging Rock ( Wabash River ) , rock formation overlooking the Wabash River in Wabash County , Illinois
See also
Hanging Rocks , perpendicular cliffs in Hampshire County , West Virginia
Beacon Wood Country Park is a public woodland in Bean near Dartford , in Kent , England . It was previously an industrial claypit then re-claimed as woodland park open to the public , currently owned by Lafarge .
History
The park has had a mixed history . For over 400 years , it was a rounded hill and ancient woodland . The trees have been used to supply timber for various uses . Including building , fencing and within ship construction . Especially the oak trees .
A beacon was placed on top of the rounded hill ( approx 300 feet high ) during Elizabethan times . It was one of the chain of beacons lit to warn of the approach of the Spanish Armada ( circa 1580 ) . Later , some of the ancient woods were cleared and orchards were planted in the 19th century .
In 1885 , John J. Allchin leased a section of the site , for the yearly rent of £4-10 shillings to the E.C.Powder Company Limited , who began manufacturing smokeless gunpowder .
In 1900 , some 27 small , predominantly Kent-based , cement manufacturers and their subsidiaries merged to form the Associated Portland Cement Manufacturers ( 1900 ) Ltd. , or APCM for short , but also known locally as `` The Combine '' . In 1928 the famous Blue Circle brand name was introduced .
In the 1930s Beacon Wood was taken over for its Clay Reserves , by APCM Ltd. From 1935 to 1964 , four million tonnes of clay were excavated , mixed to a slurry and pumped along a 3 km pipeline , from the Bean Clay Pit , to Johnsons Cement Works ( between Greenhithe and Stone ) . The clay was mixed with crushed chalk and burnt in kilns to produce cement .
Although clay extraction ceased in 1964 , the land remained in APCM ownership , without public access .
In 1991 Blue Circle Industries leased the disused Clay Pit for 15 years to Kent County Council , who created the Beacon Wood Country Park and an Advisory Group was set up by Groundwork UK ( Kent Thames-side ) who managed the creation and operation of the park .
Beacon Wood Country Park was created by Groundwork Trust and local Bean residents and then opened to the Public . Who made paths and planted trees within the site .
The Official Opening was on Wednesday 10 July 1991 , by Sir Derek Barber , Chairman of the then Countryside Commission ( now called Natural England ) .
Groundwork Trust then set up a volunteer group maintaining the woodlands .
In 2001 , Blue Circle Industries was taken over and the land passed to the Lafarge Group . Lafarge Cement UK , like its predecessor Blue Circle Industries , was the largest cement manufacturer in the United Kingdom , producing cement products under the old Blue Circle brand .
On 1 April 2001 , Kent County Council and Dartford Borough Council took over park management from Groundwork Kent Thames-side . KCC/DBC did not continue the meetings of the Beacon Wood Advisory Group .
In 2004 , Kent Thameside Green Grid Design Strategy and Guidelines was produced by Kent County Council . It proposed to extend both Beacon Wood and Darenth Country Park to
create a ‘ joined ' Darenth and Beacon Country Park .
In October 2005 , a feasibility study and proposed action plan , for the creation of an Dartford Ancient Woodlands Country Park ( DAWCP ) , was published . The report was funded by the ODPM and carried out by Gillespies . It proposed linking Beacon Wood Country Park , Darenth Wood ( a local SSSI ) , Darenth Country Park , Lords Wood and Ladies Wood ( two other local Gravesham woods ) . The DAWCP was to cater for increased use , both from large scale development in the area and from further afield . The status of the DAWCP is unclear , as the public consultation phase ended many years ago . No more mentions of the ancient woodland park can be found .
Lafarge granted Kent County Council a 10-year extension to the lease in 2006 , making the lease end date 2016 .
In April 2012 , the country park was closed due to budget cuts within Kent County Council . There has also been a change in the lease agreement between Lafarge and the council , so the site has been returned to the ownership of LaFarge , who are looking for other owners . Nearby Bean residents were worried that this may also include property developers .
However , landowners Lafarge Cement UK , entered into a five-year management partnership with Groundwork UK and Bean Parish Council .
The Friends of Beacon Wood Country Park was set up in September 2012 to promote community involvement in managing the park and to encourage local residents to use the park as well as highlight the importance of environmental education and awareness .
References
External links
Dartford Council page
Visit Kent page
Easy access walk in the park
Country parks in Kent
Parks and open spaces in Kent
John Appleton ( February 11 , 1815 – August 22 , 1864 ) was an American lawyer , politician and diplomat who served as the United States ' first chargé d'affaires to Bolivia , and later than special envoy to Great Britain and Russia . Born in Beverly , Massachusetts , Appleton graduated from Bowdoin College in 1834 and attended Harvard Law School from 1835 to 1836 . On leaving Harvard , they became a barrister and newspaper editor while maintaining a vigorous involvement in Democratic politics . In 1840 they were appointed as registrar of probates for Cumberland County , Maine , and in 1845 became Chief Clerk for the United States Department of the Navy .
In January 1848 Appleton was promoted to Chief Clerk of the State Department , but resigned in March when they were named as the United States ' first chargé d'affaires to Bolivia . The posting was unsuccessful , and Appleton resigned after six months service and returned to the United States to pursue their personal political interests . In 1851 they were narrowly elected to Congress , representing Maine 's 2nd congressional district . As a Congressman they became noted for their oratorical skills , and was selected to give the obituary address for former Senator and Secretary of State Daniel Webster in 1852 .
In 1855 Appleton was sent as diplomatic envoy to London , England to promote United States interests in negotiations to end the Crimean War . They returned to the United States in 1857 and was appointed as the fourth Assistant Secretary of State , a post they held for the following three years . As Assistant Secretary they opened discussions with Russia regarding a prospective Alaska Purchase , leading to the United States acquiring that territory in 1867 . Concurrently , they were editor of a pro-Democratic newspaper The Washington Union , but their career was marred by allegations that they misused this position for personal gain . They were the United States ' envoy to Russia from 1860 until their retirement in 1861 . Appleton died on August 22 , 1864 , and is buried in Portland 's Evergreen Cemetery .
Early life : 1815–44
John Appleton was born in Beverly , Massachusetts on February 11 , 1815 . Their father , John White Appleton ( 1780–1862 ) , was a resident of Portland , Maine ; their mother , Sophia Appleton ( née Williams ) ( 1786–1860 ) was from Connecticut . Appleton was the third child of nine of their parents and spent most of their childhood in Portland .
Appleton studied law at Bowdoin College in the 1830s , graduating as a Legum Doctor in 1834 and pursuing further studies at Harvard Law School in the summers of 1835 and 1836 . Throughout the 1830s they worked in New England legal firms . On 20 June 1837 they passed their bar examination in Cumberland County , Maine and subsequently opened their own legal practice in Portland . In 1838 Appleton was appointed as lead editor of the Eastern Argus , a now-defunct newspaper serving the Portland area , and in 1840 and from 1842 to 1844 they served as registrar of probates for Cumberland County . They married Susan Lovering Dodge in 1840 , and their only child , Eben Dodge Appleton , was born in Portland in 1843 .
Political career : 1845–64
Chief Clerk
In addition to their legal practice , Appleton 's abiding interest was in Democratic Party politics . In the 1840s they became associated with Tennessee Governor James K. Polk , who would be elected President in a close-fought race in 1844 . Following Polk 's inauguration , Appleton accepted an offer from United States Navy Secretary George Bancroft to join the administration as the Navy 's Chief Clerk . Their closeness to Polk continued while in this role , culminating in an invitation to act as the President 's personal diarist for a goodwill tour of the northeastern states . Appleton 's record of this visit was later published as a 135-page volume entitled North for Union . The book includes Appleton 's endorsement of northeastern arts and industry , alongside a studied disapproval of its urban culture . Boston is described as having a `` greatness '' bestowed by its role in the American Revolutionary War , which permitted Appleton to `` almost forget its meanness '' today . Industrialized Lowell is criticized for commercialism , as `` not in such places are republican spirits and Spartan hearts best educated . '' Describing the region 's largest city , Appleton wrote :
New York ... has the social faults which belong to an eminently business place , and to a shifting , moneymaking people . Everything there is confused , and every man there is busily pursuing some selfish aim . One who walks slowly in the streets is in danger of being run over , and everybody is so much in a hurry there that , in such a case , no resident would probably stop to pick them up .
On January 26 , 1848 Appleton was promoted to the role of Chief Clerk for the Department of State . In this position , Appleton was the second-ranking officer of the Department .
Chargé d'affaires to Bolivia
On March 30 , 1848 , then-Secretary of State James Buchanan appointed Appleton as the United States chargé d'affaires to Bolivia , which had recently declared independence from Peru . Their primary instructions were to open economic relations with Bolivia , assure them of United States ' goodwill and help secure a cross-border treaty that would transfer the port of Arica from Peruvian to Bolivian control . Buchanan further urged Appleton to use their influence as chargé d'affaires to encourage Bolivia towards democracy , by `` presenting to them the example of our own country , where all controversies are decided at the ballot box . ''
Appleton set out for their Bolivian post in the summer of 1848 . However their arrival was delayed first by the shipwreck of the USS Onkahye , which had been carrying them to South America , and then by slow progress through the Andes Mountains en route to La Paz . In October they reached the Bolivian capital to discover that the government of President José Miguel de Velasco Franco was besieged by soldiers under the command of former Minister for War Manuel Isidoro Belzu . Both de Velasco and Belzu claimed to be head of state , but neither would receive Appleton in order that they might present their diplomatic credentials and assume office . Belzu 's forces seized national control eight weeks later , and Appleton was able to take up their position as chargé in December .
Having finally taken office , Appleton found their posting a challenging one . In correspondence with the United States Government they noted that the country seemed to have a difficult climate , few North Americans and no roads . Attempts to deliver on Buchanan 's instructions for a cross-border treaty with Peru were also rebuffed , as the Peruvian Government had not been advised that Appleton would be undertaking this task and declined to negotiate with him . Discontented and in poor health , Appleton requested that they be recalled to the United States . They resigned on May 4 , 1849 , less than six months after assuming their post .
Election to Congress
Appleton returned to Maine in late 1849 and resumed their interests in a political career . On March 4 , 1851 , they were elected to the 32nd United States Congress as the Democratic candidate in Maine 's 2nd congressional district , defeating Whig candidate William Ferguson by 40 votes .
Despite the failures of their Bolivian post , Appleton continued their interest in international relations by taking up a position on the House Committee on Foreign Affairs . Their focus was now on European affairs , taking a conservative line against international republicanism and political reform which they felt was motivated by emotion rather than reason . For Appleton , European republican sentiment was `` like the fabled Phaeton , [ who ] seizes the reins with passion , drives madly off the course , and nearly engulfs the world in darkness . '' The new Congressman also demonstrated a talent for oratory , delivering a series of speeches noted for their graceful , impressive delivery . Their speaking skills were recognized in December 1852 when they were chosen by Congress to read the obituary address for former Senator and Secretary of State Daniel Webster .
Envoy to London
Appleton declined to run for re-election to Congress in 1852 . Instead they returned to Maine , and in February 1855 was appointed as diplomatic envoy to London , England , with instructions to lead United States engagement in negotiations to end the Crimean War . The principal United States interest was to prevent the Crimean peace negotiations from also encompassing a prohibition on privateering in international waters . Despite repeated efforts , Appleton was unsuccessful in advancing this case , and privateering was duly prohibited in the Declaration of Paris in 1856 . Appleton did not remain in Europe to see the Declaration signed , resigning their post on November 16 , 1855 . A State Department offer to remain in London as the United States chargé d'affaires was also declined and Appleton.returned to the United States in December , immediately throwing themselves into James Buchanan 's 1856 Presidential campaign .
Assistant Secretary of State , Envoy to Russia
After Buchanan 's inauguration in 1857 , Appleton was nominated by Edmund Burke to run a pro-Buchanan newspaper , the Washington Union . After a few months , Appleton resigned due to ill health . On April 4 , 1857 they were nominated as United States Assistant Secretary of State . Appleton superseded the Chief Clerk as the second-ranking officer of the Department . In 1858 , Appleton was charged with corruption from their involvement in the `` public printing plunder '' , in which they used their influence and their position as editor to make around $ 10,000 ( $ in ) . Appleton did not deny the charges .
While in office they were involved in preliminary discussions with Tsarist Russia over the prospective Alaska Purchase . Talks were held in Washington between Appleton , Russian representative Eduard de Stoeckl and chairperson of the U.S. Senate Committee on Naval Affairs William M. Gwin . Appleton and Gwin offered $ 5 million ( $ in ) in 1859 , but de Stoeck wanted more money . No decision had been made before the 1860 Presidential election , and discussion was then indefinitely postponed upon the outbreak of the American Civil War .
Appleton resigned as Assistant Secretary of State on June 10 , 1860 . On September 9 they were appointed as diplomatic envoy to Russia . Appleton showed impatience with the rise of Congress Poland . When they commented back to the United States , not much was done , since the rise of the Confederate States . During meetings with Prince Gortchacow in April 1861 , Appleton and Gortchacow concluded Russia would not recognize the Confederacy , however , trade between the two would still remain . Appleton retired for health reasons on June 8 , 1861 .
Death
Appleton died on August 22 , 1864 . They are buried in Portland 's Evergreen Cemetery .
Notes
References
External links
1815 births
1864 deaths
Appleton family
United States Assistant Secretaries of State
Bowdoin College alumni
Ambassadors of the United States to Bolivia
Ambassadors of the United States to Russia
Politicians from Portland , Maine
Maine lawyers
People from Beverly , Massachusetts
Burials at Evergreen Cemetery ( Portland , Maine )
19th-century American diplomats
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Maine
19th-century American politicians
Chief Clerks of the United States Department of State
19th-century American lawyers
Narinder may refer to :
Narinder Batth , Indian lyricist of Punjabi music
Narinder Kaur Bharaj , Indian politician and lawyer , member of legislative assembly from Sangrur Assembly constituency
Narinder Biba Punjabi singer from Punjab , India
Narinder Bragta ( 1952–2021 ) , Member of the Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly for Jubbal-Kotkhai
Narinder Dhami ( born 1958 ) , British children 's author
Narinder Kumar Gupta , research scientist , educator , and engineer
Narinder Singh Kapany FREng ( 1926–2020 ) , Indian-American physicist working on fiber optics
Narinder Singh Kapoor ( born 1944 ) , Indian writer from Punjab
Narinder Kumar Mehra ( born 1949 ) , Indian immunologist , head of the department of transplant immunology and immunogenetics
Narinder Singh Randhawa ( 1927–1996 ) , Indian agricultural scientist , writer , director general of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research
Narinder Singh Sandhu MVC ( 1932–2018 ) , Indian Army officer awarded the Maha Vir Chakra for gallantry , leadership and devotion to duty
Narinder Pal Singh Sawna , Indian politician in the Punjab Legislative Assembly
Narinder Kumar Sharma , Indian politician and a member of Shiromani Akali Dal
Maharaja Narinder Singh KCSI ( 1824–1862 ) , Maharaja of the princely state of Patiala from 1845 to 1862
Narinder Singh ( cricketer ) ( born 1954 ) , Indian former cricketer
Narinder Singh ( judoka ) ( 1969–2016 ) , Indian judoka who competed at two Olympic Games
Narinder Thakur , Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party
Narinder Nath Vohra ( born 1936 ) , the 12th governor of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir
See also
Narender
Narendra ( disambiguation )
Narrandera
The 1956 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the 1956 NCAA University Division football season . The team 's head football coach was Bus Mertes , in their second year at the helm of the Wildcats . The Wildcats played their home games in Memorial Stadium . The Wildcats finished the season with a 3–7 record with a 2–4 record in conference play . They finished tied for fifth place in the Big Seven Conference . The Wildcats scored 110 points and gave up 192 points .
Schedule
References
Kansas State
Kansas State Wildcats football seasons
Kansas State Wildcats football
Don Marcello Massarenti ( Budrio , 1817 — 1905 ) , a Vatican official who helped Pope Pius IX escape from Rome at the time of the Roman republican uprising of 1849 , rose to become Almoner of the Pope . In their official position they traveled extensively and amassed a collection of Italian paintings and Roman antiquities especially during the years following the Unification of Italy , when the suppression of many monastic communities and the displacement of many aristocrats from hereditary positions brought a great number of works of art onto the market in Italy , both privately and publicly . They received an honorary knighthood from Franz Josef of Austria and was decorated with the Order of the Red Eagle of Prussia .
Their private lodgings were modest , but they rented space for their gallery in Palazzo Rusticucci-Accoramboni , Rome , where they welcomed visitors . The palazzo , in the former piazza Rusticucci , was demolished by Benito Mussolini along with the rest of the spina of medieval and renaissance houses to make way for the expansive via della Conciliazione , leading to piazza San Pietro . A catalogue of the Galleria Massarenti was printed in 1881 , when the prelate contemplated selling the collection to Prince Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst at Strasbourg . At that time connoisseurship of Old Master paintings was in its infancy , and the works received highly optimistic traditional attributions . An English-language Catalogue of pictures , marbles , bronzes , antiquities ... Palazzo Accoramboni ( Rome : Forzani ) was published in 1894 , with a view to attracting prospective purchasers . The catalogue was assembled by a painter Edouard van Esbroeck , still with such wishful attributions that the catalogue cast somewhat of a temporary cloud over the collection as a whole . Joseph Duveen , their famous nephew recalled , had been less than impressed by the authenticity of the paintings , and Duveen 's close associate Bernard Berenson , played an uncertain role in the sale of the collection , disparaging the attribution to Raphael of Massarenti 's Madonna of the Candelbra in a letter to Isabella Stewart Gardner in 1897 .
The purchase en bloc in 1902 of their collection of paintings , Renaissance bronzes , Greek vases and Roman antiquities , 1700 items in all , by the American railroad magnate and established collector Henry Walters of Baltimore , Maryland , formed a nucleus of the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore . Its loss to the nation raised no protest among Italians , and was dismissively remarked upon by Wilhelm von Bode , who was informed that Walters was advised in the purchase by William M. Laffan , an owner of the New York Sun . Bode 's account of Massarenti 's personality was less than flattering : the man whom others would describe as affable , Bode found wily and agreeable , amassing the wealth to indulge their passion for art .
The collection , for which Europeans of the time considered Walters to have greatly overpaid , has weathered a century of close study with new , less inflated attributions , and greater confidence in their authenticity , providing the city of Baltimore with a first-rate gallery of art .
Notes
Italian art collectors
1817 births
1905 deaths
Judo at the 2002 Commonwealth Games was the third time that Judo at the Commonwealth Games was included as a sport . It had been held as a demonstration sport at the 1986 Commonwealth Games and made its official debut at the 1990 Commonwealth Games . The sport took place in the GMEX .
Results
References
2002 Commonwealth Games events
2002 in judo
2002
Judo in England
Judo competitions in the United Kingdom
Paradise Street is a short street in the core area of Birmingham City Centre , in England . Paradise Street runs roughly from Victoria Square to Suffolk Street and Broad Street . The street existed in 1796 when a congregation gathered at a meeting hall for a sermon .
Paradise Street is noted as the location of Birmingham Town Hall ( started in 1832 ) and the former site of Queen 's College , Birmingham ( started 1843 ) which was the first establishment in Birmingham to grant degrees . The Birmingham and Midland Institute had its first building on Paradise Street ( opened 1860 ) but moved to Margaret Street when the Inner Ring Road ( A4400 ) was developed in the 1960s .
The head office building of the Birmingham Canal Navigations was built opposite the western end of Paradise Street . For a few years in the 1960s Birmingham Borough Labour Party had its office at 25A Paradise Street .
The street gave its name to Paradise Circus , which lies adjacent .
Streets in Birmingham , West Midlands
The black oropendola ( Psarocolius guatimozinus ) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae ( New World blackbirds ) . It is found in Colombia and Panama . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests .
Description
The male black oropendola grows to a length of about and the female about . The sexes are similar in appearance and are mainly black , with dark chestnut back , rump , part of the wing-coverts and crissum ( the area around the cloaca ) . There is a bluish bare patch on the cheek , edged with pink at its lowest extremity , and an orange-tipped , black beak .
Distribution and habitat
The black oropendola is endemic to humid forests of northwestern South America . Its range includes northwestern Colombia , as far east as the Magdalena River , and the extreme southeastern part of Panama , a total area of occupancy of about . Its altitudinal range is up to about .
Ecology
The habits of the black oropendola have been little studied but its diet probably includes insects , small vertebrates and fruit . It clambers about high in the canopy and may sip nectar from flowers . It nests colonially , with up to twenty birds constructing their nests in one tree . The eggs are pale pink , scantily blotched with reddish brown . The black oropendola is probably polygynous , with one male mating with many females . The breeding season in Panama is February while in Colombia it is April to June .
Status
The black oropendola has a large range and is said to be fairly common . Its population trend seems to be stable and no particular threats have been identified . For these reasons , the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of `` least concern '' .
References
black oropendola
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
black oropendola
black oropendola
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Emil Lohner ( 15 April 1865 – 24 February 1959 ) was a Swiss politician ( FDP / PRD ) initially on a cantonal level and later nationally .
Biography
Provenance and early years
Karl Emil Lohner was born in Thun , a small town with a well-diversified economy in central Switzerland . Emil August Lohner ( 1840–1927 ) , their father , worked as a physician . Their great grandfather , Carl Friedrich Ludwig Lohner ( 1786-1863 ) , had been a member of the Cantonal Executive Council of Bern , serving in 1835 as cantonal Landammann ( head of government ) , alsp notable as a coin collector . The Lohner family was well-connected within and beyond the Canton of Bern , and moderately prosperous .
In 1883 Lohner successfully completed their schooling at Burgdorf and moved on to the University of Bern in order to obtain a degree in Jurisprudence in preparation for work as a lawyer .
Following qualification they worked briefly as a junior lawyer in Thun at the legal firm of Johannes Ritschard , their father-in-law , during 1889/1890 . They then set up and for a year ran their own legal practice at Aarberg , a little town on the far side of Bern , before returning to Thun , where they ran their legal firm between 1891 and 1909 .
Municipal politics
Political engagement was a well-established tradition within the large and , within the canton , influential Lohner family . By marrying Helene Elisabeth Ritschard , Lohner formed a personal connection to another political family . Johannes Ritschard ( 1845–1908 ) , their wife 's father , who had also trained and worked as a lawyer , had switched the focus of their career increasingly to politics , both cantonal and national , during the 1870s , and was for many years a Member of Switzerland 's national parliament . During the 1890s Emil Lohner also found time to become increasingly involved in politics . Like their father-in-law , they were drawn to the grouping that was relaunched in 1894 as the “ Free Democratic Party ” ( FDP / “ Freisinnig-Demokratische Partei ” ) . They were elected a member of the Thun municipal council in 1897 : two years later , in 1899 they were elected “ Gemeindepräsident ” ( ‘ 'loosely , “ local mayor ” '' ) , serving in this capacity till 1909 . During this period they hit the headlines in the context of the bitter strike and resulting brief shut-down at the Selve steel works , triggered in 1905 by workers ' demands for better working conditions and higher wages . Lohner 's attempts at mayoral mediation between the parties appeared to have little immediate effect , but in due course the parties settled their differences and the German absentee factory owner was able to agree to much of what had been demanded .
Cantonal politics
Between 1898 and 1909 Lohner sat as a member of the Cantonal Parliament for Bern .
The death of Johannes Ritschard in October 1908 made necessary a bye-election for the seat on the Bern Executive Council . The election took place on 31 January 1908 , and Emil Lohner was elected to fill the vacancy created by the death of their late father-in-law . Within the executive council , they took over the Education portfolio which Ritschard had formerly held . However , there was evidently no appetite among fellow council members for a more extensive shake-up , and other departmental responsibilities remained unaffected by the change . They remained a member of the cantonal executive council between 1909 and 1928 , responsible for Education for ten years , and thereafter responsible for Justice , Military Affairs and civil security . At the education directorate , from 1909 till 1918 , they backed the reintroduction of the Matura ( school final exams ) and oversaw substantial salary increases for primary school teachers . At the justice directorate , between 1918 and 1928 , their achievements included the simplification of district administration within the justice system , the introduction of a new Penal Process Code and a new Youth Justice system . Then as now , it was customary for the Executive Council to operate on a relatively consensual basis , and for the presidency of it to rotate between council members on an annual basis . Accordingly , between 1 June 1912 and 31 May 1913 , and again between 1 June 1923 and 31 May 1924 , Emil Lohner served as President of the Executive Council – in effect head of the cantonal government .
National politics
Between 1914 and 1918 Emil Lohner served as FDP ( party ) president on a national basis , which presumably would have been an appropriate launching pad for a possible move into national government . They had already been sitting as a member of the ” Nationalrat ” ( ‘ 'national parliament '' ) , representing one of the Bern electoral districts , since October 1902 .
In December 1919 Emil Lohner was a candidate for a vacancy that had arisen , following the death of Eduard Müller , in the “ Bundesrat ” ( ‘ 'federal council '' ) , the seven-man executive committee heading up the Swiss government in respect of business that can not be dealt with at a cantonal level . However , they were beaten into second place by their party comrade Karl Scheurer , another lawyer turned politician . The margin of Lohner 's electoral defeat was large . They received just 20 votes from an electorate consisting of their parliamentary colleagues : Scheurer received 155 . Lohner nevertheless remained a Member of the national Parliament till the end of 1927 , and remained an influential member of the leadership team within the FDP . As a parliamentarian they were a consistent advocate for the continuing development of the railway network in and around Bern , and for the further modernisation ( which at the time was virtually synonymous with electrification ) of the rail network across Switzerland .
Business interests
Lohner served as a director of at least two railways companies during the 1920s , and they were the chairperson of the executive board at the Bern–Lötschberg–Simplon railway between 1923 and 1927 . The company owned and operated a strategically vital transport link between Switzerland 's commercial and industrial heartland and Northern Italy . Relatively profitable , it was frequently identified as the largest of Switzerland 's private railway companies . It was of critical importance to the local economy of Thun and the surrounding region .
They were also a director , and according to at least one source chairperson , of Schweizerische Mobiliar , a major insurance company based in Bern .
Bridge building
Between 1914 and 1918 the Swiss government , pursuing a strategy of armed neutrality , managed to avoid military engagement in the First World War , despite being surrounded by belligerent powers and a constant concern that the fighting might spill over the frontier . On the home front , sympathies tended to diverge according to longstanding cultural and linguistic differences . In German-speaking central and northern Switzerland , there was a preponderance of support for the German and Austrian cause , while in the French speaking west of Switzerland there was more support for France , and the liberal and democratic traditions with which it had been associated since 1789 . Separatist tensions grew , and were reflected in internal divisions within the FDP ( party ) of which , by 1919 , Lohner had become a leading member . At this difficult time , they won plaudits for their central role in restoring unity to the party , clearing up tensions and mediating in disagreements between the French speaking and German speaking tribalists within the party leadership .
In the aftermath of the war Lohner distinguished themselves in the field of foreign affairs as member of the Swiss League of Nations commission . Between 1922 and 1924 they represented Switzerland in the Disarmament Commission . Then , in 1925 , they represented their country at the Geneva Arms Trade Conference at which the important Geneva Protocol on wartime deployments of `` asphyxiating , poisonous or other gases , and bacteriological methods of warfare '' , was agreed between the participating nations .
After parliament
Emil Lohner was 62 when they resigned their membership of the national parliament at the end of 1927 . In 1928 the Bundesrat appointed them to head up the Central Office for International Rail Transport . They served the organisation as its Managing Director between 1928 and 1935 .
They were a few months short of their ninety-fourth birthday when they died in their home town early during 1959 .
References
University of Bern alumni
Free Democratic Party of Switzerland politicians
Politics of the canton of Bern
Mayors of places in Switzerland
Members of the National Council ( Switzerland )
People from Thun
1865 births
1959 deaths
The White Jade River , also known by the native names Baiyu or Yurungkash , is a river in the southern Xinjiang region of China .
The head waters of the river rise in the Kunlun Mountains , in the area of Aksai Chin in Kashmir in the Togatax area ( ) . The river flows east for some 200 km and then north for another 200 km before passing through Khotan , China ( ) . In Khotan , the river has yielded white river rocks which are also known as nephrite jade .
North of Khotan , it eventually dries up in the Taklamakan desert , its seasonal bed joined by that of the Black Jade River ( Karakash River ) near Koxlax ( some 200 km north of Khotan , ) , from where it continues north as the Hotan River , which flows into the Tarim River . The river drains an area of and has a discharge of .
The river gets its name from the white jade that is often found in its alluvial deposits . The jade can also however be found in semi-shallow areas of the river ..
Gallery
See also
List of rivers of China
Notes
References
External links
Khotan River formed by confluence White Jade and Black Jade Rivers , China ( with image )
Moyu-Hetian Highway ( G3012 ) project ... - also includes construction of Yurungkash River Grand Bridge near Hetian , Xinjiang , China .
Rivers of Xinjiang
Sites along the Silk Road
Austin Traylor ( born September 3 , 1993 ) is a former American football tight end . They played college football at the University of Wisconsin .
Early years
Traylor attended Walnut Ridge High School . They accepted a football scholarship from the University of Wisconsin .
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Traylor was signed as an undrafted free agent by the Dallas Cowboys after the 2016 NFL Draft on May 17 . They were waived on September 3 , 2016 , and signed to the practice squad the next day . They were released on September 14 .
San Diego Chargers
On September 20 , 2016 , Traylor was signed to the San Diego Chargers ' practice squad . They were released on October 4 , 2016 .
New England Patriots
On November 1 , 2016 , Traylor was signed to the New England Patriots ' practice squad . They were released on November 12 , 2016 .
Baltimore Ravens
On November 15 , 2016 , Traylor was signed to the Baltimore Ravens ' practice squad , but was released four days later .
Denver Broncos
On December 20 , 2016 , Traylor was signed to the Denver Broncos ' practice squad . They signed a reserve/future contract with the Broncos on January 2 , 2017 .
On September 2 , 2017 , Traylor was waived by the Broncos and was signed to the practice squad the next day . They were promoted to the active roster on November 18 , 2017 .
Salt Lake Stallions ( AAF )
In January 2019 , Traylor joined the Salt Lake Stallions of the Alliance of American Football . They caught 2 passes for 12 yards in 8 games played , after which the league shut down in April .
Detroit Lions
On July 22 , 2019 , Traylor signed with the Detroit Lions . They were waived on August 31 , 2019 .
References
External links
Wisconsin Badgers bio
1993 births
Living people
American football tight ends
Baltimore Ravens players
Dallas Cowboys players
Denver Broncos players
Detroit Lions players
New England Patriots players
Players of American football from Columbus , Ohio
Salt Lake Stallions players
San Diego Chargers players
Wisconsin Badgers football players
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1564 .
Events
January – János Zsámboky ( Johannes Sambucus ) completes the preface to their Emblemata .
February 6 – John Calvin , in the throes of their final illness , preaches their last sermon .
March 1 – Ivan Fyodorov with Pyotr Mstislavets prints the Acts and Epistles of the Apostles ( an Apostolos ) , the first printed work in the Russian language that can be dated , at the Moscow Print Yard .
unknown dates
A revised edition of the Index Librorum Prohibitorum , authorised by the Council of Trent , is printed in Venice .
A chained library ( librije ) with access for the public is attached to the church of St. Walburgis in Zutphen , Netherlands . It will still be extant with its original fittings in the 21st century .
New books
Prose
John Dee – Monas Hieroglyphica
Magdeburger Centurien ( Magdeburg Centuries ) , volumes VII and VIII
Girolamo Maggi – Miscellanorum , seu Variarum Lectionum
Drama
Vishnu Varamballi – Virata Parva ( the earliest copy )
Poetry
See 1564 in poetry
Births
February 26 ( baptised ) – Christopher Marlowe , English dramatist and poet ( died 1593 )
March 9 – David Fabricius , German theologian ( died 1617 )
March 20 – Thomas Morton , English polemicist and bishop ( died 1659 )
April 26 ( baptism , traditional date of birth April 23 ) – William Shakespeare , English dramatist and poet ( died 1616 )
Unknown dates
Jean D'Espagnet , French lawyer , politician and author ( died c. 1637 )
Kryštof Harant , Czech nobleman , traveller , humanist , soldier , writer and composer ( died 1621 )
Henry Reynolds , English poet , schoolmaster and literary critic ( died 1632 )
Juan de Aguilar Villaquirán , Spanish writer and translator ( died 1618 )
Probable birth year – Henry Chettle , English dramatist and pamphleteer ( died c. 1607 )
Deaths
March 5 – Friedrich Staphylus , German theologian ( born 1512 )
April – Pierre Belon , French naturalist and travel writer ( murdered , born 1517 )
April 1 – Christoph Froschauer , Swiss printer ( plague , born c. 1490 )
April 9 – Georg Hartmann , German humanist engineer , author and printer ( born 1489 )
May 27 – John Calvin , French-born theologian ( born 1509 )
August 11 – Edward Ferrers , credited as an English dramatist ( unknown date of birth )
September 26 – Theodor Bibliander , German theologian and publisher ( plague , born c. 1505 )
Argula von Grumbach , German Protestant reformer ( b . 1490 )
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Białowody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland . It lies approximately south-west of Uchanie , west of Hrubieszów , and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Adrianus Johannes Ehnle ( 1819-1863 ) , a Dutch painter of historical and genre subjects , was born at the Hague in 1819 , and studied under C. Kruseman . They died in 1863 . Among their works are Cornelis de Witt at Dordrecht and The Reception of a Child at the Orphan House at Haarlem .
References
1819 births
1863 deaths
Artists from The Hague
19th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
19th-century Dutch male artists
The Gila River Indian Community Emergency Medical Services ( aka Gila River EMS ) provides paramedic , ambulance and rescue services for the Gila River Indian Community . A subsidiary of the tribally owned Gila River Healthcare hospital , Gila River EMS is considered a third service model ( i.e. , it operates independently from both fire and police departments , and from privately owned ambulance services ) and provides emergency medical and rescue services to the Gila River Indian Community in conjunction with the Gila River Police Department and the Gila River Fire Department . Gila River EMS headquarters are located in Sacaton , Arizona .
Located in southern Maricopa County and northern Pinal County , Arizona , Gila River EMS operates 7 paramedic ambulances , 1 medium duty rescue unit , 1 multi-patient support unit and 3 Advanced Life Support Command units working out of 5 stations . Gila River EMS employs approximately 80 full and part-time staff certified at the Basic EMT and Paramedic levels . All administrative staff are certified by the State of Arizona at the paramedic level .
In addition to providing 9-1-1 emergency services , the department is heavily involved in community services . It provides stand-by services for community events and operates a public relations group that attends local health fairs and community events to promote safety and health issues . It provides free CPR training , first responder and Basic EMT training . The Department administers community-wide public access Automated external defibrillator program . Gila River EMS participates in numerous local , state and national EMS committees and organizations .
In 2007 Gila River EMS was recognized by the National Native American EMS Association as the EMS Service of the Year .
Public Safety Stations & Apparatus
References
External links
Gila River Indian Community Emergency Medical Services
Gila River Healthcare
Gila River Indian Community
Central Arizona College
Gila River Indian Community
Ambulance services in the United States
Maricopa County , Arizona
Pinal County , Arizona
Medical and health organizations based in Arizona
Nawab Abdul Ghani Talpur is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013 .
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-231 ( Dadu-I ) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP ) in 2002 Pakistani general election . They received 76,568 votes and defeated Syed Jalal Mehmood Shah .
They were re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-231 ( Jamshoro ) as a candidate of PPP in 2008 Pakistani general election . They received 138,320 votes and defeated Syed Jalal Mehmood Shah .
References
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Events from the year 1927 in Nicaragua .
Incumbents
President : Adolfo Diaz
Events
May 20 - Pact of Espino Negro
July 16 - Battle of Ocotal
July 25 - Battle of San Fernando
July 27 - Battle of Santa Clara
September 4 - Nicaraguan parliamentary election , 1927
September 16 - Battle of Telpaneca
October 9 - Battle of Sapotillal
Births
Deaths
1920s in Nicaragua
Years of the 20th century in Nicaragua
Timm van der Gugten ( born 25 February 1991 ) is an Australian–Dutch international cricketer who made their debut for the Dutch national team in January 2012 . They were born in Australia , and has also played for several teams in Australian domestic cricket .
Born in Sydney , van der Gugten made their first-class debut for New South Wales in November 2011 . They were called up to the Dutch senior side early the following year , for the 2011–12 Caribbean Twenty20 , and subsequently made their One Day International ( ODI ) and Twenty20 International debuts in March 2012 , aged 21 . A right-arm pace bowler , van der Gugten has been a regular for the Netherlands since their debut , and represented the team at the 2014 World Twenty20 . At domestic level , they switched to Tasmania for the 2012–13 Australian season , and has also made appearances for two Twenty20 franchises – the Hobart Hurricanes in Australia 's Big Bash League and the Northern Knights in New Zealand 's Georgie Pie Super Smash .
Early life and domestic career
Van der Gugten was born in Sydney to a Dutch immigrant father . They hold a Dutch passport , but in a 2014 Daily Telegraph article was described as `` speak [ ing ] very little Dutch '' . Educated at St Pius X College , van der Gugten made their first-grade debut for the University of NSW Cricket Club at the age of 15 , in November 2006 . At the time of their debut , only six players had appeared in first-grade Sydney Grade Cricket at an earlier age .
A former state under-17s and under-19s player , van der Gugten made their Futures League debut for the New South Wales under-23s in September 2010 , aged 19 . Their first-class debut for the senior state team came in November 2011 , in a Sheffield Shield fixture against Western Australia . Van der Gugten played two further matches in their debut season ( a Ryobi One-Day Cup game and a second Shield fixture ) , but for the 2012–13 season switched to Tasmania . They made their debut for that team in February 2013 , playing two Ryobi One-Day Cup matches . However , van der Gugten made no senior appearances for Tasmania over the following two seasons , and eventually lost their Tasmanian contract prior to the 2015–16 season .
Van der Gugten signed with the Sydney Thunder for the inaugural 2011–12 edition of the Big Bash League , but did not play a game . They switched to the Hobart Hurricanes the following season , but did not make their debut until the 2014–15 edition , playing a single match against the Adelaide Strikers . In November 2015 , van der Gugten signed with the Northern Knights , a franchise in New Zealand 's Georgie Pie Super Smash . They replaced the injured Ben Laughlin as one of the team 's two international players for the 2015–16 season , and took two wickets from their three matches .
In February 2016 , van der Gugten signed a three-year contract with Glamorgan in English county cricket .
They were signed by Trent Rockets for the first season of The Hundred .
International career
Van der Gugten first played for the Netherlands in January 2012 , when the team appeared as guests at the 2011–12 Caribbean Twenty20 . They took six wickets from four matches , including 5/21 against Sussex ( another invitational team ) , and was retained in the Dutch squad for the 2015 World Twenty20 Qualifier two months later . At the World Twenty20 Qualifier , van der Gugten took five wickets from six games ( with the best of 4/22 against Bermuda ) , and also made their Twenty20 International debut , which came against Canada . Later in 2012 , they also made their first-class and One Day International ( ODI ) debuts for the Netherlands , which came against the United Arab Emirates and Afghanistan , respectively .
In an Intercontinental Cup match against Namibia in April 2013 , van der Gugten took figures of 7/68 and 3/53 , recording their first five-wicket haul and ten-wicket haul in first-class cricket . Later in the year , in an ODI against Canada that was part of the World Cricket League Championship , they took the first five Canadian wickets to fall , leaving the team at 7/5 . They eventually finished with figures of 5/24 from nine overs , becoming the first Dutchman to take an ODI five-wicket haul . Van der Gugten continued their good form at the 2014 World Twenty20 , taking nine wickets from seven matches ( behind only Ahsan Malik for the Netherlands , and eighth overall ) . Notable performances at the tournament included 3/30 against New Zealand and 1/11 ( from three overs ) in the upset win against England .
In June 2015 , van der Gugten took 6/29 in an Intercontinental Cup game against Papua New Guinea . The following month , they played for the Netherlands at the 2015 World Twenty20 Qualifier , helping the team to qualify for the 2016 World Twenty20 in India .
Following the conclusion of the 2018 Cricket World Cup Qualifier tournament , the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) named van der Gugten as the rising star of the Netherlands ' squad .
In September 2019 , they were named in the Dutch squad for the 2019 ICC T20 World Cup Qualifier tournament in the United Arab Emirates . In September 2021 , they were named in the Dutch squad for the 2021 ICC Men 's T20 World Cup .
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Australian cricketers
Australian people of Dutch descent
Cricketers from Sydney
Gugten
van der Gugten
van der Gugten
New South Wales cricketers
Tasmania cricketers
Hobart Hurricanes cricketers
Northern Districts cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
Dutch people of Australian descent
People educated at St Pius X College , Sydney
Trent Rockets cricketers
Birmingham Phoenix cricketers
The 1967 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 37th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928 .
Wexford entered the championship as the defending champions .
On 3 September 1967 , Cork won the championship following a 2-15 to 5-3 defeat of Wexford in the All-Ireland final . This was their 8th All-Ireland title , their first in three championship seasons .
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
First round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship : Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
The Knives are a 2016 British political thriller by Richard T. Kelly . The novel deals with fictional Home Secretary David Blaylock , a member of the Tory Party who tries to navigate the crisis of growing anti-immigrant sentiment in the U.K .
Kelly began writing the novel in 2009 under the title Homeland which they eventually changed after the successful American T.V . show of the same name premiered in 2011 .
Plot
In 2010 ex-soldier David Baylock , a member of the Tory Party , struggles to juggle their political life .
Reception
The Knives received positive reviews upon its release . The Guardian called it `` the best novel about modern politics I have read in years '' . The Financial Times described it as `` a sharp and engaging tale '' .
References
2016 British novels
Political thriller novels
Faber and Faber books
Rithā ' ( ) is a genre of Arabic poetry corresponding to elegy or lament . Along with elegy proper ( marthiyah , plural marāthī ) , rithā ' may also contain taḥrīḍ ( incitement to vengeance ) .
The genre was used by both male and female poets , and is one of the main genres in which ancient and medieval Arabic female poets are known to have composed . Almost all known pre-Islamic women 's poetry is in this form . The subjects of the rithā ' are ( almost ) invariably dead male warriors ( fursān ) and lords ( sādah ) , predominantly those who fell in battle .
The genre is prominent in the corpus of the earliest surviving Arabic poetry ; it 'provides some of the most moving examples of the poetic voice , as in the poems of al-Khansā ' ( d. ca . 644 ) for their brother , Ṣakhr , killed in tribal combat ' :
I was sleepless and I passed the night
keeping vigil , as if my eyes had
been anointed with pus ,
For I had heard -- and it was not news
to rejoice me -- one making a report ,
who had come repeating intelligence ,
Saying , 'Sakhr is dwelling there in a
tomb , struck to the ground beside
the grave , between certain stones '
Alongside al-Khansā ' , major female exponents of the rithā ' poems of whose survive include the pre-Islamic Janūb Ukht ‘ Amr dhī-l-Kalb , Laylā al-Akhyaliyya ( d. 706 CE ) , and Laylā bint Ṭarīf ( d. 815 CE ) . Their style was characterised by 'uninhibited expression of sorrow coupled with praise for the deceased ' . 'Most of the elegy composed by men , however , resembled the eulogistic qaṣīdah in general pattern ' .
See also
Rithā ' al-Andalus
References
Arab culture
Literary genres
Arabic and Central Asian poetics
Pakistani poetics
Arabic poetry forms
Love in Arabic literature
Taneekarn Dangda ( Thai : ธนีกาญจน์ แดงดา ; born 15 December 1992 ) is a Thai international women 's association footballer playing as a forward who plays for MH Nakhon Si Lady .
Personal life
Taneekarn was born in Bangkok but their parents are from Surin province of Northeastern Thailand . Them brother , Teerasil Dangda , is a member of the Thailand national football team and also plays as a striker ; their father was also a footballer and played for Royal Thai Air Force FC .
Career statistics
International
International goals
Honours
International
Thailand
AFC Women 's Championship Fifth Place : 2014
AFF Women 's Championship : 2011 , 2015
Southeast Asian Games Gold Medal : 2013
References
External links
Profile at Östersunds
1992 births
Living people
Taneekarn Dangda
Taneekarn Dangda
Women 's association football forwards
Expatriate women 's footballers in Sweden
2015 FIFA Women 's World Cup players
Taneekarn Dangda
Taneekarn Dangda
Taneekarn Dangda
Southeast Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 2018 Asian Games
Competitors at the 2013 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
2019 FIFA Women 's World Cup players
Taneekarn Dangda
Competitors at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games
20th-century Vietnamese women
21st-century Vietnamese women
Euderces velutinus is a long-horned beetle native to Central America . It is a good ant mimic of the conspicuous species Camponotus sericeiventris .
Description
E. velutinus is about 1 cm long and 3 mm wide . The general color is black , with short golden hairs on top , patterned in a way such that it resembles an ant . The hind legs are shaped ant-like . The beetle 's head and prothorax together mimic the ant 's head , with a pair of black spots simulating the eyes .
It is very similar to E. magnus , but is smaller , has a shorter pronotum , and has the entire apical half of the elytra densely clothed with silky , golden yellow pubescence , which helps to give the impression of C. sericeiventris .
Distribution
E. velutinus has been found in Guatemala and Honduras .
See also
Myrmecotypus — a spider genus with one species also mimicking C. sericeiventris
References
External links
Photographs of E. velutinus
Euderces
Beetles of Central America
Beetles described in 1931
Jalal Hassan Hachem ( ; born 18 May 1991 , in Baghdad ) is an Iraqi football goalkeeper playing for Al-Zawraa in Iraq and the Iraqi football team .
Honors
Club
Al-Zawraa
Iraqi Premier League : 2017–18
Iraq FA Cup : 2018–19
Iraqi Super Cup : 2017
References
Players Profile on Goalzz.com
1991 births
Living people
Iraqi footballers
Sportspeople from Baghdad
Footballers at the 2014 Asian Games
2015 AFC Asian Cup players
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Association football goalkeepers
Naft Al-Wasat SC players
Iraq international footballers
Asian Games medalists in football
Al-Shorta SC players
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iraq
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Astragalus arizonicus is a species of milkvetch in the family Fabaceae .
References
arizonicus
KTTZ-FM ( 89.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a public radio format in Lubbock , Texas , U.S. , The station is owned by Texas Tech University and features news radio , classical and jazz music and programming from National Public Radio .
History
The station first signed on in January 1973 as KLSD , operated by the Lubbock Independent School District . After only a year on the air , it changed its calls to KOHM . This change reportedly came because school district officials were concerned about possible negative connotations with the original calls . The station 's calls reflected its status as part of the school district 's electronics program ; an ohm is the basic SI measurement of electrical resistance .
The station operated largely hand-to-mouth for its first decade on the air . Studios were located at whatever school happened to house the electronics program during the year . It operated at 10 watts at 50 feet from 1973 to 1975 , when a new transmitter was purchased and power increased to 250 watts and a 200-foot tower was built at Monterey High School , effectively limiting its coverage area to the core of the city itself . Power was raised to 3,000 watts and the tower and transmitter relocated to Dunbar High School on MLK Blvd . in 1978 . By 1986 , LISD realized it was in over its head operating a radio station , and was in the process of surrendering its license to the FCC .
At the same time , Texas Tech was looking to expand its radio offerings by way of a second radio frequency alongside existing station KTXT-FM . It had originally applied for 90.7 FM , but faced a fight for that frequency with an out-of-state religious group . However , KTXT 's general manager , Clive Kinghorn , learned that LISD was about to give up the license for KOHM . LISD quickly agreed to sell KOHM to Texas Tech , and the station went on the air for the first time under Texas Tech 's ownership on May 2 , 1988 . At the same time , Texas Tech activated a new , more powerful transmitter that delivered 20,000 watts of power . 1990 brought another power increase , to 50,000 watts . In 1991 , the station joined NPR .
KOHM was the first radio station in Lubbock to broadcast in HD .
On January 15 , 2012 , the station changed its calls to KTTZ-FM .
References
External links
KTTZ-FM Website
TTZ-FM
Texas Tech University
David Haward Bain ( born February 23 , 1949 ) is an American writer of nonfiction , a lecturer , an editor , and was a longtime instructor in literature and creative writing at Middlebury College . Bain has been affiliated with the Bread Loaf Writers ' Conference since 1980 . They are also a lifelong musician . Bain is primarily known for their work of narrative history , Empire Express : Building the First Transcontinental Railroad ; a historical travel memoir , The Old Iron Road : An Epic of Roads , Rails , and the Urge to Go West ; and an earlier braided historical/travel work , Sitting In Darkness : Americans in the Philippines . They are a fellow in the Society of American Historians .
Work overview
Empire Express : Building the First Transcontinental Railroad has been reviewed positively by Wall Street Journal , Washington Post Book World , Kirkus Reviews , Denver Post , and Hartford Courant . It has been named A New York Times Notable Book ; one of Library Journal Best Books 1999 ; Main Selection , Book of the Month Club , History Book Club ; Finalist , Los Angeles Times Book Award ; Finalist , Francis Parkman Prize ; National Railway & Locomotive History Society Award ; New England Historical Association Book Award ; The American Experience : Transcontinental Railroad documentary , PBS .
The Old Iron Road : An Epic of Rails , Roads , and the Urge to Go West has been reviewed positively by Los Angeles Times , Verlyn Klinkenborg of the New York Times Book Review , and Chicago Tribune . It was named a Book Sense Travel Literature Bestseller .
Sitting In Darkness : Americans in the Philippines has been reviewed positively by New York Times Book Review , Publishers Weekly , Library Journal , and Philadelphia Inquirer , and was awarded the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Book Prize , 1985 .
Bitter Waters : America 's Forgotten Naval Exploring Mission to the Dead Sea , 1848 has been reviewed positively by American Library Association Booklist , Roanoke VA Times , History Book Club , and Kirkus Reviews .
Early life
Bain was born in Camden , New Jersey , last home of Walt Whitman ( Bain wrote about it in a long-form essay , `` Camden Bound : Going Home After a Lifetime of Absence . '' ) Their parents were David Bain , a sales manager for RCA ( Radio Corporation of America ) , selling broadcasting equipment after pre-war years in radio engineering and announcing across the South , and Rosemary Haward Bain , who gave up a career in on-air radio in their native Kansas City to concentrate on marriage and family . They had four children ; David Haward Bain was the eldest . They and siblings Terry Bain , Christopher Bain , and Lisa Bain , were raised in Haddonfield and Westmont , New Jersey ; Takoma Park and Chevy Chase , Maryland ; and finally in Port Washington , Long Island , New York . Bain graduated from Boston University in 1971 , majoring in journalism and political science and writing for three campus newspapers . Their most influential professors were Norman B. Moyes and Howard Zinn , and they received a Hearst Award for Excellence in Newswriting on the topic of anti-war protests in the Vietnam era .
Work history
In 1973 in New York City , Bain began working in the editorial departments of several book publishers , including Alfred A. Knopf ( during the early Robert Gottlieb years ) , Stonehill , Crown Publishers/Harmony Books ( when it was still a downtown family business ) , and Houghton Mifflin ( New York ) , as well as doing projects at Macmillan Inc. and other firms and on staff at the first American Book Awards . Among the writers with whom they worked in these apprentice years were Alistair Cooke ( America ) , Richard Kluger ( Simple Justice ) , Robert Caro ( The Power Broker ) , Jonathan Spence ( Emperor of China ) , Martin Amis ( The Rachel Papers ) , Shere Hite ( The Hite Report ) , and Carolyn Heilbrun ( Lady Ottoline 's Album ) .
Writing career
Bain became a full-time writer in 1978 , beginning their first book , Aftershocks , and thereupon contributing many articles and reviews to The New York Times , the New York Times Book Review ( to date , 32 reviews ) , Newsday ( 15 ) , the Philadelphia Inquirer ( 22 ) , Washington Post Book World , Los Angeles Times Book Review , and articles and essays in Smithsonian , American Heritage , TV Guide , Glamour , Kenyon Review , Prairie Schooner , and a number of travel magazines .
Books
Forbidden City : Family Secrets , Covert Love , and a Mysterious Death and Cover-Up on Legation Street , Peking , 1940 . Forthcoming .
Big Payoff : The Kidnapping of Mary McElroy : A Kansas City Chronicle of Greed , Corruption , and the Power of Love in the Great American Depression . Forthcoming .
The Girl Widow Unveiled : Unraveling Dark Secrets in an American Family , longform personal/historical essay , Ebook , BookBaby , released under colophon of Gideon Abbey Press , 2013 .
Mighty Good Road : Writings on Railroads , the West , and American History , ebook . Thirty-seven essays , talks , and reviews . Ebook , all platforms , released under colophon of Gideon Abbey Press , 2011 .
Camden Bound : Going Home After a Lifetime of Absence , long-form stand-alone essay . Ebook , all platforms , released under colophon of Gideon Abbey Press , 2011 .
Bitter Waters : America 's Forgotten Naval Mission to the Dead Sea , 1848 ( Overlook Press , 2011 ; ebook , 2012 ) .
The Old Iron Road : An Epic of Rails , Roads , and the Urge to Go West ( Viking Press , 2004 ; Penguin , 2005 ; ebook forthcoming from Gideon Abbey Press )
Empire Express : Building the First Transcontinental Railroad ( Viking Press , 1999 ; Penguin , 2000 ; ebook , 2010 ) .
The College on the Hill : A Browser 's History for the Bicentennial , Middlebury College Press ( cloth ) , October 1999 .
Whose Woods These Are : The Bread Loaf Writers ' Conference , 1926–1992 ( The Ecco Press , 1993 ) .
Sitting In Darkness : Americans in the Philippines ( Houghton Mifflin , 1984 ; Penguin , with new material , 1986 ; Ebook , with newer material , 2013 , BookBaby under colophon of Gideon Abbey Press ) . Received a Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Book Prize , 1985 .
Aftershocks : A Tale of Two Victims ( Methuen , 1980 ; Penguin , with new material , 1986 ) . FN { http : //www.middlebury.edu/academics/enam/faculty/node/40761 ]
Selected essays
`` Camden Bound : Going Home After a Lifetime of Absence . '' Personal/literary essay about Camden , NJ . ( Walt Whitman deathplace ; present author 's birthplace ) . Prairie Schooner , Fall 1998 . Selected for The Best of Prairie Schooner Essays ( ed . Raz & Flaherty ) , U. Nebraska Press , 2000 . Ebook , released under colophon of Gideon Abbey Press , 2013 .
`` The House on Hemenway Hill , '' essay , Prairie Schooner , Winter 1996 . Reader 's Choice Award , 1997 . Among year 's top 100 essays selected by series editor Robert Atwan for consideration in The Best American Essays 1997 .
`` A House and a Household : Sinclair Lewis and Dorothy Thompson , '' Kenyon Review , Summer 1989 . Reprinted in Pack and Parini ( eds . ) , The Bread Loaf Anthology of Contemporary American Essays , University Press of New England , 1989 .
`` Augusto Sandino : The Man Who Made the Yanquis Go Home , '' American Heritage , August–September 1985 . Reprinted in Andrew C. Kimmens ( ed . ) , Nicaragua and the United States , H.W . Wilson , 1987 . Reprinted in Bain , Mighty Good Road : Writings on Railroads , the West , and American History , 2011 ebook .
`` Joseph Battell , '' chapter in A History of Ripton , Vermont : The Story of a Green Mountain Town , 1781–1981 , by Charles A. Billings . Niche Arts , 2019 .
Series of 5 `` place '' essays in Middlebury Magazine , 2012–2013 , 2018 . `` The Observer : Inside the Halls of Science , '' Middlebury Magazine , Summer 2012 ; `` The Observer : Middlebury Institute for International Studies at Monterey , '' Middlebury Magazine , Fall 2012 ; `` The Observer : Davis Library , '' Middlebury Magazine , Winter 2013 ; `` The Observer : Mahaney Arts Center , '' Middlebury Magazine , Spring 2013 ; `` The Observer : Gamaliel Painter Hall , '' MiddWire , Fall 2018 .
`` Frost at Bread Loaf , '' Burlington Free Press , June 29 , 2012 .
`` Letter From Manila : How the Press Helped to Dump a Despot , '' Columbia Journalism Review , May–June 1986 . COVER .
`` Frederick Funston : The Acerbic Warrior , '' Smithsonian Magazine , May 1989 . FN
Selected authored reviews
`` Appetite for America : How Visionary Businessman Fred Harvey Built a Railroad Hospitality Empire That Civilized the Wild West '' ( Stephen Fried ) , review , Philadelphia Inquirer , January 2010 .
`` American Massacre : The Tragedy of Mountain Meadows ( Sally Denton ) , '' review , New York Times Book Review , September 27 , 2003 .
`` Zephyr : Tracking a Dream Across America ( Henry Kisor ) , '' review , New York Times Book Review , 20 March 1994 .
`` The Civil War in the American West ( Alvin M. Josephy , Jr. ) , '' review , New York Times Book Review , 8 March 1992 .
`` In Our Own Image : America 's Empire in the Philippines ( Stanley Karnow ) , '' review , Philadelphia Inquirer , March 1989 . FRONT PAGE .
`` Blowback : America 's Recruitment of Nazis and Its Effect on the Cold War ( Christopher Simpson ) , '' review , Newsday , May 1988 .
`` Union Pacific : Birth of a Railroad ( Maury Klein ) , Philadelphia Inquirer , 27 December 1987 .
`` Waltzing With a Dictator : The Marcoses and the Making of American Policy ( Raymond Bonner ) , '' review , Newsday , 17 May 1987 . FRONT PAGE .
`` Corazon Aquino ( Lucy Komisar ) , '' review , Los Angeles Times Book Review , 10 May 1987 . FRONT PAGE .
`` War Without Mercy : Race and Power in the Pacific War ( Fred Dower ) , '' review , Philadelphia Inquirer , 13 July 1986 . FRONT PAGE .
`` The Good War : An Oral History of World War Two ( Studs Terkel ) , '' review , Philadelphia Inquirer , 21 October 1984 . FRONT PAGE .
`` The Spanish War : An American Epic , 1898 ( G. O'Toole ) , '' review , St. Petersburg Times , 21 October 1984 .
`` Endless Enemies : The Making of an Unfriendly World ( Jonathan Kwitny ) , '' review , Philadelphia Inquirer , 7 October 1984 .
`` The Passionate War : Narrative History of the Spanish Civil War ( Peter Wyden ) , '' review , Philadelphia Inquirer , 17 July 1983 . FRONT PAGE .
`` Widows ( Ariel Dorfman ) , '' review , Philadelphia Inquirer '' , 10 July 1983 . FRONT PAGE . FN
Teaching career
Following their fellowship year ( 1980 ) at Middlebury College 's annual Bread Loaf Writers ' Conference on its Ripton campus in the Green Mountains of Vermont , Bain was named to the conference faculty for ten subsequent years , thereafter serving terms on the admissions board and other committees ; designated the Bread Loaf Historian in the mid-1980 's , they have lectured annually at the conference for many years .
In 1987 , Bain joined the faculty at Middlebury College in Vermont , with the Creative Writing Program in the English and American Literatures Department , as lecturer , part-time , and ultimately as senior lecturer , for 32 years . Also , they were an affiliate with the Environmental Studies Program . Bain retired in June 2019 .
Personal life
Bain married the painter Mary Smyth Duffy in 1981 ; they died in 2002 . They have two children . They are partnered with Linda Fotheringill .
References
1949 births
Living people
Middlebury College faculty
21st-century American writers
American editors
Boston University alumni
Charles `` Charlie '' Philip Smith ( June 18 , 1926 – July 12 , 2014 ) was an American Democratic politician .
Born in Chicago , Illinois , they lived with their family in Oconto , Wisconsin . In 1940 , Smith moved to Madison , Wisconsin , where they graduated from Madison West High School . They served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II . In 1950 , they graduated from Milton College and was a company production supervisor . They also worked in the insurance business and for Mobil and Olin Companies . In 1952–1953 , Smith served on the Dane County , Wisconsin Board of Supervisors . They served as Wisconsin State Treasurer 1971–1991 . They died in Madison , Wisconsin .
Notes
1926 births
2014 deaths
Politicians from Chicago
Politicians from Madison , Wisconsin
Milton College alumni
Wisconsin Democrats
County supervisors in Wisconsin
State treasurers of Wisconsin
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Military personnel from Madison , Wisconsin
People from Oconto , Wisconsin
Madison West High School alumni
Isola del Gran Sasso d'Italia is a town and comune in province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of southern Italy . It is located in the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park . The Gran Sasso mountain is the highest mountain in the Apennine chain in Italy .
References
External links
Tourist web page for Isola del Gran Sasso
Cities and towns in Abruzzo
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Sherbrooke ( ) is a Roman Catholic archdiocese that includes part of the civil province of Quebec and includes the suffragan dioceses of Nicolet and Saint-Hyacinthe . It is currently led by Luc Cyr .
As of 2004 , the archdiocese contains 107 parishes , 195 active diocesan priests , 107 religious priests , and 291,000 Catholics . It also has 1,012 women religious , 197 religious brothers , and 18 permanent deacons .
History
By 1830 , Irish and French Canadian Catholics in the area worshipped at a small chapel dedicated to St. Columban . In 1874 , the Diocese of Sherbrooke was created from the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Quebec . Antoine Racine was appointed the first bishop . The following year , Racine founded the Séminaire Saint-Charles-Borromée , taught they theology for a number of years .
Bishops
Diocesan bishops
The following is a list of the bishops and archbishops of Sherbrooke and their terms of service :
Antoine Racine ( 1874–1893 )
Paul LaRocque ( 1893–1926 )
Alphonse-Osias Gagnon ( 1927–1941 )
Philippe Desranleau ( 1941–1952 )
Georges Cabana ( 1952–1967 )
Jean-Marie Fortier ( 1968–1996 )
André Gaumond ( 1996–2011 )
Luc Cyr ( 2011–present )
Coadjutor bishops
Georges Cabana ( 1952 )
André Gaumond ( 1995-1996 )
Auxiliary bishop
Alphonse-Osias Gagnon ( 1923-1927 ) , appointed Bishop here
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Donald Lapointe , appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Saint-Jérôme , Québec in 2002
Daniel Jodoin , appointed Bishop of Bathurst in Canada , New Brunswick in 2013
Joseph Ferdinand Guy Boulanger , appointed Bishop of Rouyn-Noranda , Québec in 2020
References
External links
Archdiocese of Sherbrooke page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14 , 2006
Catholic Church in Quebec
Organizations based in Sherbrooke
Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game series . It is published by Sega , with entries developed by Sega , Sonic Team , Dimps , SIMS Co. , Ltd. , BioWare , and Sumo Digital . The series debuted in 1991 with the video game , Sonic the Hedgehog , released for the Mega Drive video game console ( named Sega Genesis in North America ) . In its earliest history , most Sonic the Hedgehog games had been platform games released for Sega video game consoles and handheld game consoles ( handhelds ) , dating from the Sega Genesis to the Sega Dreamcast . However , some of the original games were ported into versions on newer third-party home consoles and developed by various companies . As of March 2011 , the series has collectively sold 89 million copies worldwide across both the platform games and spin-offs .
The most popular games in the franchise are platform games , although the series also includes other genres such as racing video games , fighting games , action-adventure games , role-playing video games , and sports games . Each game focuses on the titular protagonist Sonic the Hedgehog , an anthropomorphic blue hedgehog . It also features a large cast of other characters such as Doctor Ivo `` Eggman '' Robotnik , Miles `` Tails '' Prower , Knuckles the Echidna , Amy Rose , Shadow the Hedgehog , and the Chao creatures .
2D platformers
3D platformers
Racing games
Arcade games
Educational games
Other spin-offs
Compilations
Cancelled games
See also
List of Sonic the Hedgehog characters
References
Sonic the Hedgehog
aka Stroller in the Attic , Edogawa Rampo Theater : Walker in the Attic and Walker in the Attic is a 1976 Japanese film in Nikkatsu 's Roman porno series , directed by Noboru Tanaka and starring Junko Miyashita .
Plot
In 1923 Tokyo Lady Minako is the owner of a shabby boarding house with a collection of bizarre characters for tenants . Gōda , one of their tenants , spends most of their time in the attic spying on the other tenants through holes they have drilled into the ceiling . During one of their peeping sessions , Gōda witnesses the murder of one of the tenants at the hand of Lady Minako . Gōda becomes obsessed with Lady Minako , and determines to commit a grotesque murder in order to prove to them that they are their soul mate . They kill another tenant - a priest - by dripping poison into their mouth through the ceiling . A series of grotesque murders follow . The film ends apocalyptically with the Great Kantō earthquake which kills both of them during their intercourse .
Cast
Junko Miyashita : Minako Kiyomiya
Hiroshi Osa : Kōichirō Kiyomiya
Renji Ishibashi : Gōda Saburō
Tokuko Watanabe : Miyuki Tomita
Kōji Yashiro : Endō
Haruka Tajima : Ginko
Toshihiko Oda : Hiruta
Shirō Yumemura : Pierrot
Reiko Akitsu : Model
Aoi Nakajima : Prostitute
Kyōichi Mizuki : Druggist
Background
This film was the middle entry in director Tanaka 's `` Showa Era Trilogy '' , which includes A Woman Called Sada Abe ( 1975 ) and Beauty 's Exotic Dance : Torture ! ( 1977 ) . All three films star Junko Miyashita . The story was based on a novel by the Japanese horror-mystery writer , Edogawa Rampo . It had been filmed as a pink film in 1970 by director Akitaka Kimata , and Akio Jissoji remade Watcher in the Attic in 1995 in one of the earliest un-fogged pink films . The uncensored version of Jissoji 's film was released internationally , though the Japanese theatrical release of this film was fogged .
Lead actor Junko Miyashita had joined Nikkatsu with the third entry in the Apartment Wife series , Apartment Wife : Unforgettable Night ( 1972 ) . They starred in several of Nikkatsu 's greatest Roman Porno successes , and became known as the second `` Queen '' of Roman Porno after the retirement of Kazuko Shirakawa . A skillful and versatile actor , their career also benefitted by appearing in films by Nikkatsu 's best directors . Besides Tanaka , they were closely associated with the films of Tatsumi Kumashiro .
Lead actor Renji Ishibashi had background in the live theater , and made a name for themselves in Roman porno for psychologically unbalanced characters . Besides Watcher in the Attic , another of their major roles is in Tatsumi Kumashiro 's Woman with Red Hair ( 1979 ) , also starring Junko Miyashita . They later regularly appeared in old yakuza roles in the films of Takashi Miike and others .
Themes and legacy
Jasper Sharp notes that director Tanaka portrays the Taishō period , in which the film is set , as `` a pandemonium of styles and colours '' . Tanaka emphasizes the mixture of the erotic and the grotesque in Rampo 's work , and in popular culture of the period , which led to its description as `` ero guro '' . According to Sharp , Tanaka 's vision of Rampo 's world set the tone for later filmed versions of the author 's works as well as biographical films . Tanaka 's influence can reportedly be seen in Jissoji 's 1994 remake of Walker in the Attic , Kazuyoshi Okuyama 's The Mystery of Rampo ( 1994 ) , Jissoji 's The D-Slope Murder Case ( 1998 ) , and in Rampo Noir ( 2005 ) .
Voyeurism—already present in Rampo 's story—is a major theme in the film . Tanaka makes the audience aware that Lady Minako is conscious of Gōda 's -- and , by extension the audience 's -- spying on their illicit sexual activities . Sharp writes that the camera views Minako through Gōda 's ceiling peephole , `` acknowledging the viewer 's powerless and passive spectatorial role as they return our gaze . '' Sharp also notes that voyeurism is a common theme in the pink film , and that it would be deeply explored in the later films of director Hisayasu Satō . Not only a psychological theme , voyeurism also provided a practical way for the director to obscure sexual organs , which were censored by law . Sharp writes , `` Framing the sex scenes from an awkward nozoki point-of-view perspective , through keyholes , gaps in open doors , holes in walls , etc , proved one particularly expedient method of blocking the action . ''
Critical appraisal
Some critics had recognized Tanaka 's talents in the early Roman Porno , Secret Chronicles : They Beast Market ( 1974 ) , but it was Watcher in the Attic which brought them mainstream success . Peer Cinema Club Annual , a conservative , mainstream publication , wrote that the film was `` a perfect marriage of decadence and art . '' At first treated as a standard entry of Nikkatsu 's `` Psycho Killer Showcase '' series , after the film began receiving mainstream critical approval , Nikkatsu promoted Walker in the Attic beyond the softcore Roman Porno market .
English-language critical opinion of the film has been high in the decades since its first release . Magill 's Survey of Cinema : Foreign Language Films ( 1985 ) calls Watcher in the Attic `` a frenzied fantasy treat '' .
In their Japanese Cinema Encyclopedia : The Sex Films ( 1998 ) , the Weissers give the film three and a half out of four points . Jasper Sharp comments that the film shows Tanaka 's versatility as a director .
Availability
Watcher in the Attic was released theatrically in Japan on June 12 , 1976 . It was released to home video in VHS format in Japan on September 9 , 1994 . As part of Geneon 's second wave of Nikkatsu Roman porno series , it was released on DVD on December 22 , 2005 .
On October 28 , 2008 , Mondo Macabro released Watcher in the Attic in the U.S. on region 0 DVD .
References
Bibliography
English
Japanese
External links
1976 films
Films based on works by Edogawa Ranpo
Films directed by Noboru Tanaka
Films set in the 1920s
1970s Japanese-language films
Nikkatsu films
Nikkatsu Roman Porno
Films based on Japanese novels
1970s Japanese films
Lee Ann Tulloch ( born 12 January 1954 ) is an Australian-born journalist and author .
Profile
They were born in Melbourne , and has a degree in English literature from Melbourne University . They have worked as a researcher in federal politics . They were arts features editor for Vogue Australia from 1978 to 1982 , and editor-in-chief of Harper 's Bazaar Australia . After moving to New York in 1985 , they wrote their first novel , Fabulous Nobodies , which was published in 1989 . With their photographer husband , Anthony Amos , they chose a bohemian life , moving between Australia , New York and Paris for more than a decade with their young daughter , Lolita . In Paris , they began their second novel , Wraith , a gothic tale of a dead supermodel who comes back to haunt their personal assistant . They completed it in New York and it was published in 1999 . In 2001 they published their third novel , Two Shanes , a comedy of errors about an Australian surfer in Manhattan . On 11 September 2001 they were evacuated from their Tribeca home and left their beloved Manhattan for the relative peace of a Sydney beach . Them fourth novel , The Cutting , a murder mystery set on the Australian coast , was published in 2003 . A collection of their fashion essays , Perfect Pink Polish , was published in 2005 . Them the latest work is a darkly erotic novel , The Woman in the Lobby ( May 2008 . )
Bibliography
Fabulous Nobodies ( Chatto & Windus , 1989 )
Wraith ( Penguin , 1999 )
Two Shanes ( Text Publishing , 2001 )
The Cutting : A Nullin Mystery ( Penguin , 2004 )
Perfect Pink Polish ( Penguin , 2005 )
The Woman in the Lobby ( Penguin , 2008 )
In Vogue : 50 years of Australian Style ( Harper Collins , 2009 ) with Kirstie Clements
References
External links
Lee Tulloch 's Website
A brief outline of The Woman in the Lobby
Grand Entrances – Hotel lobbies provide fascinating glimpses of another world
AustLit biographical details
Up there for writing , down there for dancing – Legs and Lunch with Lee Tulloch
1954 births
Journalists from Melbourne
Living people
Australian women novelists
Australian horror writers
Colonia Nápoles is a colonia , is an officially recognized neighborhood in Benito Juárez borough , Mexico City , and one of the iconic Mid-Century neighborhoods of Mexico City along with Colonia Del Valle .
Location
It is bordered by :
Viaducto Río Becerra and colonia San Pedro de los Pinos on the west
Viaducto Río Becerra and Viaducto Miguel Alemán , and colonia Escandón on the north
Avenida de los Insurgentes and Colonia del Valle on the east
on the south , colonia Ampliación Nápoles stretches from Calle Georgia to Eje 5 Sur San Antonio ; across San Antonio is colonia Ciudad de los Deportes .
Description
Landmarks include the World Trade Center complex with offices , restaurants , cinemas and shopping , and the Polyforum Cultural Siqueiros , a performing arts center designed and painted by David Alfaro Siqueiros one of the most important muralists and painter in Mexico .
One of the original developments here in the late 1930s was Parque de la Lama , designed by Raúl Basurto , one of the principal architects of many of the new residential areas like Polanco , a section of Roma or Del Valle , Hipódromo and others . The neighborhood was one of the most important spots for new modern architects as Vladimir Kaspé or young Pedro Ramírez Vázquez new buildings . Also in a section of the neighborhoods , in the 1940s , the covenant required buyers to build single-family houses in a historic style called `` Colonial California '' , ( a Mexican term for the California style of Spanish Colonial Revival architecture ) . Many houses of this style can still be seen in Nápoles . Sample of the architecture in Mid-century modern style , is the house designed in 1946 for the recognized architect Vladimir Kaspé in the corner of the streets of Dakota and Nueva Jersey . La Nápoles and La del Valle is the most iconic mid-century neighborhoods in the city . More recently , contemporary apartment buildings have been built as infill , some by Javier Sánchez .
The neighborhood has the Parque Alameda Nápoles ( Alfonso Esparza Oteo ) , a park .
Transportation
Public transportation
The area is served by the Mexico City Metrobús and EcoBici bikeshare .
< P > Metrobus stations
Nápoles
Poliforum
La Piedad
Gallery
References
Benito Juárez , Mexico City
Napoles
Maathi Yosi ( ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language drama film written and directed by Nandha Periyasamy and music by Guru Kalyan . Starring Harish , Kanchivaram fame Shammu along with newcomers Gopal , Alex and Lokesh in the lead roles , the film opened to mixed and negative reviews .
Cast
Harish as Pandi
Shammu
Gopal as Maanga
Alex as Onaan
Lokesh as Mari
Ravi Mariya
Ponvannan
G. M. Kumar
M. Sasikumar as narrator
Plot
The voice of director Sasikumar to introduce the four mischievous guys Pandi , Mangaa , Kona , Maari , in their typical Madurai lingo who think they rule the 'Kadavur ' village .
These four friends are united , very close and live for each other . They always think out-of-the box . They turn out to be vagabonds and go to the extent of even killing the village President 's son . After few similar delinquent experiences they are forced to leave the village and end up coming to Chennai .
Here 's where the main plot begins- how they meet the hero , and what happens in Chennai with the four friends and the girl forms the rest of the story .
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by Gurukalyan . The soundtrack received positive reviews from critics .
`` Methuvai Methuvai '' - Karthik , Jaya , Rajgopal
`` Kummi Paattu Ponnu '' - Karthikeyan , Gurukalyan
`` Maathithan Yosi '' - Prashanthini , Sathyan
`` Acham Thavir '' - Kalyan
Reception
Sify wrote `` The film does not have a coherent script , logic and lacks focus . It is another 'Made in Madurai ' bloodbath that 's etched from various earlier movies and a bit from Fernando Meirelles 's classic 'City of God ' '' . Times of India wrote `` Periyasamy , who had showed some promise in their earlier outing ‘ Oru kalooriyin kathai ' , is clearly in the grip of the good-at-heart village boys ending up in a mess-street plot . Nothing original , nothing closely resembling out-of- the-box thinking , but a faithful adherence to the way Madurai-belt films pan out . ''
References
External links
2010 films
2010s Tamil-language films
2010s coming-of-age drama films
Indian coming-of-age drama films
2010 drama films
`` My Kind of Scene '' ( also marketed as `` My Kinda Scene '' , `` Not My Kinda Scene '' and `` It 's Not My Kinda Scene '' ) is a song by Australian rock band Powderfinger . The song was initially written for their fourth studio album Odyssey Number Five ; however , the band was requested to contribute a song to the soundtrack for the 2000 film Mission : Impossible 2 . The band submitted three songs : `` Whatever Makes You Happy '' , `` Up & Down & Back Again '' and `` My Kind of Scene '' . With these submissions , Paramount Pictures decided to use `` My Kind of Scene '' ; however , they decided to release the song as a promotional song for the film , and so changed the title to `` My Kinda Scene '' in Australia in fitting with the other promotional single for the film , Limp Bizkit 's `` Take a Look Around '' . The single was officially released in New Zealand where the song peaked at number 41 .
The song was later featured on the intended album Odyssey Number Five . Following that , when Powderfinger released their greatest hits compilation , Fingerprints , they included the song under the original title `` My Kind of Scene '' and the music video was included on the promotional DVD Powderfinger 's First XI along with the 2007 album Dream Days at the Hotel Existence .
Music video
The music video for `` My Kind of Scene '' features singer Bernard Fanning driving an old Holden Commodore along a country road with a complacent look on their face , in keeping with the lyrics of the song . As they drive , they let go of the steering wheel after a while and eventually , the car crashes . The scene is to typify letting go of control and just letting things happen . A very similar sequence of events happens in the book Fight Club , which was made into a film of the same name the year before `` My Kind of Scene '' was released .
The video exemplifies the lyrics , which , as interpreted by many fans , say about their feelings of isolation . It is from a guy 's perspective , someone who is not sure if they want to accompany their friends for some activity , but would rather enjoy watching them do it .
Charts
Notes
Powderfinger songs
2000 singles
2000 songs
Songs written by Bernard Fanning
Universal Music Group singles
Songs written by Jon Coghill
Songs written by John Collins ( Australian musician )
Songs written by Ian Haug
Songs written by Darren Middleton
Jean Flipart may refer to :
Jean Charles Flipart , French engraver
Jean Jacques Flipart , their son , French engraver
Vasile Ungureanu ( born 4 March 1957 ) is a Romanian water polo player . They competed in the men 's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
References
1957 births
Living people
Romanian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Romania
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing ( living people )
The Annunciation is a painting by the Flemish artist Michaelina Wautier . It is dated 1659 , and is one of Wautier 's last known paintings .
It now hangs in the gallery at Marly-le-Roi in France .
References
Annunciation
1659 paintings
Wautier
Buffalo–Exchange Street station is an Amtrak station in Buffalo , New York . The station serves six Amtrak trains daily : two daily Empire Service round trips between Niagara Falls and New York City and one Maple Leaf round trip between Toronto and New York City . There is also daily Amtrak Thruway bus service ( operated by Coach USA ) at the station , operating between the Buffalo Metropolitan Transportation Center and Jamestown station in Jamestown , New York , via Dunkirk and Fredonia , and serving the communities along the southeast shore of Lake Erie .
Local transportation is provided by the Niagara Frontier Transportation Authority ( NFTA ) , which operates buses and the Buffalo Metro Rail . Buffalo–Exchange Street is located close to Metro Rail 's Erie Canal Harbor station and the two stations are connected by a lit pathway beneath Interstate 190 with decorative cement and signage . The station is close to the KeyBank Center and Sahlen Field .
The station has one high-level side platform on the north side of two tracks . It is one of two stations in the Buffalo area , the other being Buffalo–Depew station which serves the Lake Shore Limited . The current station is the fifth train station to be built at the current site , it was opened in 2020 .
History
There have been four previous New York Central Railroad stations on Exchange Street in Buffalo . Buffalo 's first true railroad passenger station was built in 1848 on Exchange Street . It was a small brick building that was added to or changed at least 5 times during its use . It was built by the New York Central and Hudson River Railroad . The first attempt to direct rail traffic out of downtown Buffalo came in 1874 , when a Union Depot ( East Buffalo ) opened on William Street . The new station proved unpopular , and as such Exchange Street station remained open . The third station on the site was built in 1880 . The biggest issue with the Exchange Street site at the time aside from the station 's small size for being the main station in Buffalo was that it was plagued with downtown congestion as the crossings in and out of the area were at grade and therefore had to contend with busy city streets . The station 's importance declined after Buffalo Central Terminal which was built to solve the issues at the Exchange Street site opened in 1929 . The third Exchange Street station was closed on November 13 , 1935 , and demolished shortly after .
Fourth station building
Planning for the fourth and final New York Central structure began in 1949 . New York heavily funded the station as being part of the Skyway construction . The total cost was $ 7 million . The station opened on August 2 , 1952 , as a secondary station to the Buffalo Central Terminal . The station originally served 21 New York Central and Toronto , Hamilton & Buffalo Railway trains daily . The double track station had two side platforms connected by an overhead walkway .
Soon after the station was built passenger rail service began a steep decline that would eventually lead to the end of private passenger rail service in the United States . As part of the decline and problems within the railroad , in 1961 , the New York Central Railroad ceased passenger operations to Niagara Falls , and the station building was closed , though some trains continued to stop at the platforms for a brief time . During this time the overhead walkway that connected the station 's two platforms was demolished .
On October 29 , 1978 , Amtrak routed the Niagara Rainbow through Niagara Falls , restoring service to downtown Buffalo and to the station . One old platform was reused immediately ; a temporary structure was used for Niagara Rainbow and Empire State Express passengers while the station building was renovated . Exchange Street became one of the two main Buffalo train stations alongside the then-new Buffalo–Depew station when Buffalo Central Terminal closed in 1979 . The line was later reduced to single track in the 1980s and the second platform was abandoned .
By the 2000s , the Buffalo–Exchange Street station had gained a reputation for being long outdated and in a such a deteriorating condition that it got dubbed as one of the saddest Amtrak stations in America by CityLab in 2015 . In September 2016 , the station building was temporarily closed due to a partial collapse during heavy rains , further highlighting the need for a new station . The platforms remained open for passengers . Demolition of the 1952 station began on August 22 , 2019 , to make way for the new station .
Current station
Beginning in 2016 , there were proposals to replace the dilapidated station with either a station at Canalside or at Buffalo Central Terminal as part of that building 's restoration . The Exchange Street site where the previous station sat was chosen because of its proximity to the central business district , though public opinion strongly favored the Buffalo Central Terminal site . Supporters of the latter site alleged that the selection was made for political favors rather than on the merits of the downtown site . On April 17 , 2017 , a panel including Buffalo mayor Byron Brown approved the downtown location .
The New York State Department of Transportation awarded a $ 27.7 million design-build contract in December 2018 . Construction of a temporary station began in June 2019 and the 1952 station was demolished shortly after . The new station opened on November 8 , 2020 . The first train to stop at the station was the eastbound Maple Leaf , arriving at 12:55 p.m. Assemblywomen Crystal Peoples-Stokes , Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul , Mayor Byron Brown , and State Senator Tim Kennedy attended the ribbon cutting . The new Buffalo–Exchange Street station in 2020 came as part of upgrades made to the Empire Corridor which also included new stations in Niagara Falls in 2016 , Rochester in 2017 and Schenectady in 2018 .
Station layout
The current station is and is closer to Exchange Street and higher in elevation then the previous station so the building is not shadowed by the Interstate 190 viaduct . There is a lit , covered pedestrian walkway under I-190 to connect the Amtrak station to Erie Canal Harbor station of Buffalo Metro Rail on Main Street . Trains call at a single high-level covered side platform serving one track with a second track for freight trains to pass through the station away from the platform . There is a waiting room on the east side of the building , designated drop-off and pick-up zones , and an area for 14 canopied parking spaces for Greyhound , Trailways and NFTA buses if they are later added .
References
External links
Buffalo–Exchange Street Amtrak Station ( USA RailGuide – TrainWeb )
Buffalo–Exchange Street ( BFX ) ( Amtrak 's Great American Stations )
Amtrak stations in New York ( state )
Former New York Central Railroad stations
Toronto , Hamilton and Buffalo Railway
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1952
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2020
Amtrak Thruway Motorcoach stations in New York ( state )
Railway stations in Buffalo , New York
1952 establishments in New York ( state )
2020 establishments in New York ( state )
Peter Connor ( born 18 May 1963 ) is an Irish sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s . At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , they were eliminated in the semifinals of the K-2 1000 m event .
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1963 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Irish male canoeists
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Ireland
Gurdwara Sahib Stockton is a gurdwara located in the city of Stockton , California . It is notable for being the first Sikh house of worship in the United States .
The Pacific Coast Khalsa Diwan Society founded the gurdwara in 1912 .
History
Jawala Singh , a successful potato farmer in the San Joaquin Valley , leased a 500-acre ranch with business partner Wasakha Singh in Holtville , next to Stockton . Immigrating Punjabi Sikh farmers would perform prayers in a room on the farm with the Guru Granth Sahib . Jawala and Wasakha would eventually found the gurdwara on South Grant Street in a house , but their ranch would become an important religious , social , and political center associated with the gurdwara .
Jawala went on to form the Ghadar Party , a revolutionary movement that called for diaspora Indians to end the British occupation of India . The Stockton Gurdwara would serve as an important benefactor of the Ghadar Party , sponsoring the first Punjabi language newspaper in the United States , The Ghadar , among other support .
Notable people
Dalip Singh Saund , Democrat CA-29 , the first Sikh American , the first Asian American , the first Indian American and the first member of a non-Abrahamic faith to be elected to Congress . Their studies at University of California , Berkeley , were sponsored by the Stockton Gurdwara .
See also
Sikhism in the United States
References
Stockton
Buildings and structures in Stockton , California
`` You on My Mind '' is a song by the British pop group Swing Out Sister . It was the lead-off single from the group 's second album , Kaleidoscope World . It featured a more sophisticated blend of musical components .
Music video
The music video was strongly inspired by the 1968 cult film , The Thomas Crown Affair .
Remixes
You On My Mind ( Vinyl 7 '' ) 872964-7
`` You On My Mind '' ( Album Version ) - ( 3:36 )
`` Coney Island Man '' - ( 3:38 )
You On My Mind ( CD Maxi ) 874 229-2
`` You On My Mind '' ( Album Version ) - ( 3:36 )
`` Coney Island Man '' - ( 3:38 )
`` Precious Words ( Earth Bound Mix ) - ( 3:46 )
`` You On My Mind '' ( 12 '' Mix ) - ( 6:32 )
You On My Mind ( Vinyl 12 '' ) 872 965-1 , SWING 612
`` You On My Mind '' ( Extended Version ) - ( 6:32 )
`` You On My Mind '' ( 3:29 )
`` Coney Island Man '' - ( 3:38 )
Charts
References
1989 singles
Swing Out Sister songs
1989 songs
Fontana Records singles
Songs written by Andy Connell
Songs written by Corinne Drewery
Songs written by Paul Staveley O'Duffy
Pulchrana centropeninsularis is a species of `` true frog '' , family Ranidae . It is found in Peninsular Malaysia and Sumatra ( Indonesia ) . The specific name centropeninsularis refers to the area of its original discovery , the state of Pahang in the central Peninsular Malaysia . Later on , it has also been recorded in the province of Jambi in east-central Sumatra . Pulchrana centropeninsularis is a rare species known from few individuals only . Prior to its description , Pulchrana centropeninsularis was confused with Pulchrana siberu , its closest relative .
Description
Adult males measure in snout–vent length ; females are unknown . The snout is rounded . The tympanum is distinct and the supratympanic fold is prominent . The limbs are long and slender . The fingers lack webbing while the toes have reduced webbing . Both the fingers and toes have tips that are dilated into small , pointed discs . The mid-dorsal region is entirely black and laterally delimited by complete , orange dorsolater stripes that originate from the rostrum and terminate at the sacrum , forming a near-complete loop . The flanks and dorsal side of limbs bear round , creamy yellow spots , some of them connecting to form short bars . The venter is grayish-brown ; the throat has whitish spots and the belly has whitish reticulations .
Males have paired subgular vocal sacs .
Habitat and conservation
Pulchrana centropeninsularis inhabits primary and secondary lowland forests ; in Malaysia , its elevational range is above sea level . It is associated with swamps . Although the type series was collected away from streams , the IUCN SSC Amphibian Specialist Group suggests that it breeds in streams .
Pulchrana centropeninsularis is a rare species known from a few locations and individuals . Although tolerance of this species to habitat disturbance is unknown , the heavy human impact on and the disappearance of swamp habitats that is taking place throughout Southeast Asia , mostly because of agricultural development for oil palm and for urban development , is considered a threat to this species . Pulchrana centropeninsularis is present in Lakum Forest Reserve ( its type locality ) and Krau Wildlife Reserve , both in Peninsular Malaysia .
References
centropeninsularis
Amphibians of Indonesia
Amphibians of Malaysia
Fauna of Sumatra
Amphibians described in 2014
Taxa named by Nohrayati Ahmad
Taxa named by Rafe M. Brown
Taxa named by Chan Kin Onn
Taxa named by Larry Lee Grismer
Taxa named by Kelvin Kok Peng Lim
Ezell may refer to :
People
Surname
Edward Ezell ( 1939–1993 ) , American author and professor
Glenn Ezell ( born 1944 ) , American baseball player , coach and front-office executive
Shahine Ezell , American actor
William Ezell ( 1892–1963 ) , American musical artist
Given name
Ezell Blair , Jr. , American activist
Ezell Brown ( born 1970 ) , American business person
Ezell Lee , American politician
Other uses
Ezell , South Carolina , a ghost town
Ezell , Virginia
Ezell Park , an urban park in Nashville , Tennessee
Ezell 's Chicken , a fast food restaurant in Seattle , Washington
See also
Ezel ( disambiguation )
Woodleaf ( formerly , Barker House , Barker Ranch , Barker 's Ranch , and Woodville ) is an unincorporated community in Yuba County , California . It is located northeast of Challenge , at an elevation of 3133 feet ( 955 m ) .
A post office operated at Woodleaf from 1898 to 1971 , with a closure from 1945 to 1947 . Originally named after Charles Barker who settled here in 1850 , the name now honors James Wood who bought the property in 1858 .
Young Life operates a camp in Woodleaf .
References
Further reading
External links
Woodleaf Young Life Camp
Unincorporated communities in California
Populated places established in 1850
1850 establishments in California
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County , California
The 1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a football match played on 7 July 1991 at the Memorial Coliseum in Los Angeles , to determine the winner of the 1991 CONCACAF Gold Cup . United States beat Honduras 4–3 on penalties after the game finished 0–0 after extra time . This was the United States ' first major title . It was also the first ever Gold Cup Final and first to be decided by a penalty shoot-out . As Gold Cup champion , the United States represented CONCACAF at the 1992 King Fahd Cup in Saudi Arabia .
Route to the final
Match details
References
External links
Official website
Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final 1991
United States men 's national soccer team matches
Honduras national football team matches
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Exposition Park ( Los Angeles neighborhood )
The 1987 Senior PGA Tour was the eighth season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 ( it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016 ) . The season consisted of 32 official money events with purses totalling $ 8,905,000 , including three majors . Chi-Chi Rodríguez won the most tournaments , seven . The tournament results , leaders , and award winners are listed below .
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1987 season . `` Date '' is the ending date of the tournament . The numbers in parentheses after the winners ' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event . Senior majors are shown in bold .
Source :
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source :
Money List leaders
Source :
Career Money List leaders
Source :
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
St. Catherine 's Dominican Monastery , often simply St. Catherine 's Monastery or the Dominican Monastery ( ) , is a former monastery and one of the oldest buildings in Tallinn , the capital of Estonia . It is located in the heart of Tallinn 's Old Town district full of warehouses and merchants ' houses . Its remains constitute one of two remaining medieval monastery complexes in Tallinn .
History
A Dominican monastery is known to have existed at the site since at least 1246 . The site , between present-day Vene and Müürivahe streets , was chosen carefully so as to facilitate both the friar 's ability to preach to a large audience , and to suit their business interests , as they are known to have traded in fish . The monastery also had a brewery , producing four types of beer . Throughout the Middle Ages , the monastery was renowned for its scholarship .
In 1524 , during the Reformation , the monastery was destroyed . Only fragments remain of the original complex . Parts have been incorporated into the Roman Catholic St. Peter and St. Paul 's Cathedral , and other parts , including a finely carved portal , are visible via St. Catherine 's Passage ( ) , connecting Vene and Müürivahe streets .
References
External links
Gothic architecture in Estonia
13th-century establishments in Estonia
Buildings and structures in Tallinn
Roman Catholic monasteries in Estonia
Dominican monasteries
Monasteries dissolved under the Protestant Reformation
The following lists events that have happened in 1908 in the Qajar dynasty in Iran .
Incumbents
Monarch : Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar
Prime Minister :
until May 21 : Hossein-Qoli Nezam al-Saltaneh Mafi
May 21-June 7 : vacant
starting June 7 : Ahmad Moshir al-Saltaneh
Events
Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar exploit divisions with the ranks of the reformers and eliminate the Majlis .
June 23 – Vladimir Liakhov a Russian Cossack Brigade commander shelled Majles and executed several leaders of Constitutional Movement .
References
Iran
Years of the 20th century in Iran
1900s in Iran
Iran
Amelia Jenks Bloomer ( May 27 , 1818 – December 30 , 1894 ) was an American newspaper editor , women 's rights and temperance advocate . Even though they did not create the women 's clothing reform style known as bloomers , their name became associated with it because of their early and strong advocacy . In their work with The Lily , they became the first woman to own , operate and edit a newspaper for women .
Early life
Amelia Jenks was born in 1818 in Homer , New York , to Ananias Jenks and Lucy ( Webb ) Jenks . They were one of the youngest in their large family , having at least 4 sisters and 2 brothers . They came from a family of modest means and received only a few years of formal education in the local district school .
Career
After a brief time as a school teacher at the age of 17 , they decided to relocate , and moved in with their newly married sister Elvira , then living in Waterloo . Within a year they had moved into the home of the Oren Chamberlain family in Seneca Falls to act as the live-in governess for their three youngest children .
On April 15 , 1840 , when they were 22 , they married law student Dexter Bloomer who encouraged them to write for their New York newspaper , the Seneca Falls County Courier . Bloomer supported their activism ; they even gave up drinking as part of the Temperance Movement .
They spent their early years in Cortland County , New York . Bloomer and their family moved to Iowa in 1852 .
Social activism
In 1848 , Bloomer attended the Seneca Falls Convention , the first women 's rights convention , though they did not sign the Declaration of Sentiments and subsequent resolutions , due to their deep connection with the Episcopal Church . This meeting would serve as their inspiration to start their newspaper .
The following year , they began editing the first newspaper by and for women , The Lily . Published biweekly from 1849 until 1853 , the newspaper began as a temperance journal , but came to have a broad mix of contents ranging from recipes to moralist tracts , particularly when under the influence of suffragists Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony . Bloomer felt that because women lecturers were considered unseemly , writing was the best way for women to work for reform . Originally , The Lily was to be for “ home distribution ” among members of the Seneca Falls Ladies Temperance Society , which had formed in 1848 , and eventually had a circulation of over 4,000 . The paper encountered several obstacles early on , and the Society 's enthusiasm died out . Bloomer felt a commitment to publish and assumed full responsibility for editing and publishing the paper . Originally , the title page had the legend “ Published by a committee of ladies. ” But after 1850 – only Bloomer 's name appeared on the masthead . This newspaper was a model for later periodicals focused on women 's suffrage .
Bloomer described their experience as the first woman to own , operate and edit a news vehicle for women :
In their publication , Bloomer promoted a change in dress standards for women that would be less restrictive in regular activities .
In 1851 , New England temperance activist Elizabeth Smith Miller ( aka Libby Miller ) adopted what they considered a more rational costume : loose trousers gathered at the ankles , like women 's trousers worn in the Middle East and Central Asia , topped by a short dress or skirt and vest . Miller displayed their new clothing to Stanton , their cousin , who found it sensible and becoming , and adopted it immediately . In this garb Stanton visited Bloomer , who began to wear the costume and promote it enthusiastically in their magazine . Articles on the clothing trend were picked up in The New York Tribune . More women wore the fashion which was promptly dubbed The Bloomer Costume or `` Bloomers '' . However , the Bloomers were subjected to ceaseless ridicule in the press and harassment on the street . Bloomer themselves dropped the fashion in 1859 , saying that a new invention , the crinoline , was a sufficient reform that they could return to conventional dress .
Also in 1851 , Bloomer introduced the suffragettes Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony to each other .
In 1854 , when Bloomer and their husband decided to move to Council Bluffs , Iowa , Bloomer sold The Lily to Mary Birdsall in Richmond , Indiana . Birdsall and Dr. Mary F. Thomas kept the publication going at least through 1859 .
Bloomer remained a suffrage pioneer and writer throughout their life , writing for a wide array of periodicals . Although Bloomer was far less famous than some other feminists , they made many significant contributions to the women 's movement — particularly concerning dress reform . Bloomer also led suffrage campaigns in Nebraska and Iowa and served as president of the Iowa Woman Suffrage Association from 1871 until 1873 .
Death and burial
They died in 1894 , at the age of 76 , and is buried in Fairview Cemetery , Council Bluffs , Iowa .
Commemorations
They are commemorated together with Elizabeth Cady Stanton , Sojourner Truth , and Harriet Ross Tubman in the calendar of saints of the Episcopal Church on July 20 . In 1975 they were inducted into the Iowa Women 's Hall of Fame . In 1980 their home at Seneca Falls , New York , known as the Amelia Bloomer House , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places . In 1995 they were inducted into the National Women 's Hall of Fame . In 1999 a sculpture by Ted Aub was unveiled commemorating when on May 12 , 1851 , Bloomer introduced Susan B. Anthony to Elizabeth Cady Stanton . This sculpture , called `` When Anthony Met Stanton '' , consists of the three women depicted as life-size bronze statues , and is placed overlooking Van Cleef Lake in Seneca Falls , New York , where the introduction occurred .
From 2002 until 2020 , the American Library Association produced an annual Amelia Bloomer List of recently published books with significant feminist content for younger readers . However , in 2020 the list 's name was changed to Rise : A Feminist Book Project for Ages 0–18 , explained as such : `` The project has been promoting quality feminist literature for young readers since 2002 as a part of the Feminist Task Force and the Social Responsibilities Round Table [ both of the American Library Association ] . [ In 2020 , ] the committee was made aware that , though Amelia Bloomer had a platform as a publisher , they refused to speak against the Fugitive Slave Law of 1850 ( Simmons ) . SRRT and FTF believe librarians and libraries must work to correct social problems and inequities with particular attention to intersectionality , feminism , and deliberate anti-racism . As a result , the committee unanimously voted in favor of a name change . Rise : A Feminist Book Project for Ages 0-18 , reflects the diversity and inclusion for which feminism as a whole — and this committee specifically—strives . ''
See also
Amelia Bloomer House
List of suffragists and suffragettes
List of women 's rights activists
Victorian dress reform
Notes
References
Bibliography
Bloomer , Dexter C. Life and Writings of Amelia Bloomer . Boston : Arena Pub . Co. , 1895 . Reprinted 1975 by Schocken Books , New York . Includes bibliographical references .
Coon , Anne C. Hear Me Patiently : The Reform Speeches of Amelia Jenks Bloomer , Vol . 138 . Greenwood Publishing Group , Inc. , 1994 .
Smith , Stephanie , Household Words : Bloomers , sucker , bombshell , scab , cyber ( 2006 ) -- material on changing usage of words .
The Lily : A Ladies ' Journal , devoted to Temperance and Literature . 1849 .
External links
Spartacus biography
Biography/Pottawattamie County , Iowa
Norwood , Arlisha . `` Amelia Bloomer '' . National Women 's History Museum . 2017 .
BBC video article on Amelia Jenks Bloomer , 4 July 2019
1818 births
1894 deaths
American feminists
American suffragists
People from Cortland , New York
People from Council Bluffs , Iowa
Anglican saints
19th-century Christian saints
American temperance activists
American women journalists
19th-century American women writers
19th-century American journalists
Christian female saints of the Late Modern era
Journalists from New York ( state )
Activists from New York ( state )
Alle maten ( All Sizes ) was a 1998 Belgian comedy TV series directed by Rik Daniëls and Vincent Rouffaer written by Frans Ceusters and Paul Coppens .
The series had appearances from actors such as Bob Van der Veken who played the character of Aanbidder and Hans de Munter
External links
Flemish television shows
Belgian comedy television shows
1998 Belgian television series debuts
1990s Belgian television series
The Lao National Museum is located in Vientiane , Laos . It was founded as the national museum highlighting the revolution of the 1970s and is located in a French colonial building . In 2007 , the United States donated a grant to help develop the museum . The museum , which was originally built in 1925 as the French governor 's residence , presents the history of Laos , highlighting the Laotian people 's struggle to free the country from foreign occupiers and imperialist forces . It is located on Samsenthai road , opposite the Cultural Hall .
References
Literature
External links
Frommer 's | Lao National Museum
Museums in Laos
Buildings and structures in Vientiane
Houses completed in 1925
Tourist attractions in Vientiane
The women 's 55 kg ( 121 lbs ) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O . World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the lightest of the female Light-Contact tournaments falling between featherweight and lightweight when compared to Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes . There were fourteen women taking part in the competition , all based in Europe . Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules .
Due to the number of fighters unsuitable for a tournament designed for sixteen , two of the contestants had byes through to the quarter final stage . The winner of the tournament was Russia 's Maria Kushtanova who won by abandonment as their Hungarian opponent Monika Molnar had to give up due to an injury in their final match . For reaching the semi finals Swiss Petra Battig and Ukrainian Kateryna Solovey claimed bronze medals .
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
The men 's 94 kg ( 206.8 lbs ) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O . World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second heaviest of the male Light-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of super heavyweight in the Low-Kick and K-1 weight classes . There were sixteen men taking part in the competition , all based in Europe . Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules .
The tournament winner was Germany 's Giovanni Nurchi who defeated Emin Panyan from Russia by split decision in the competitions final match to win the gold medal . Defeated semi finalists Artem Vasylenko from the Ukraine and Slovenian Ranis Smajlovic were rewarded for their efforts by claiming the bronze medal spots .
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
The Monolith Festival was a music festival held at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison , Colorado . The first festival took place September 14–15 , 2007 on 5 stages , including the Red Rocks main stage .
The 2008 Monolith Festival was held on September 13–14 .
On April 11 , 2009 , it was announced on the official Monolith Festival Facebook Page that the 2009 Monolith Festival will be held on September 12–13 .
2007
Lineup
The lineup for the 2007 festival comprised over 50 bands , including ( although not limited to ) :
Art Brut
Au Revoir Simone
Bob Log III
Black Rebel Motorcycle Club
The Brian Jonestown Massacre
Cake
Clap Your Hands Say Yeah
Cloud Cult
Das EFX
The Decemberists
Editors
Everything Absent or Distorted
Hot IQs
The Flaming Lips
Flosstradamus
Ghostland Observatory
Kid Sister
Kings of Leon
Matt & Kim
Spoon
William Elliott Whitmore
2008
Lineup
The lineup for the 2008 festival included ( although was not limited to ) :
DeVotchKa
Silversun Pickups
Vampire Weekend
Snowden
Mickey Avalon
Del the Funky Homosapien
Cut Copy
The Fratellis
Justice ( French band )
TV on the Radio
Band of Horses
Rock Plaza Central
Erin Ivey
CSS
The Avett Brothers
Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings
Dan le sac vs Scroobius Pip
Holy F * * k
White Denim
Superdrag
The Night Marchers
A Place to Bury Strangers
The Giraffes
SoundRabbit
The Photo Atlas
Blitzen Trapper
The Kills
Pop Levi
Tilly and the Wall
John Vanderslice
Atmosphere
Akron/Family
2009
Rain
As is the custom at Red Rocks , the show went on despite Rocky Mountain thunderstorms and showers .
Lineup
The lineup for the 2009 festival included ( although was not limited to ) :
The Mars Volta
Chromeo
Yeah Yeah Yeahs
The Walkmen
Phoenix
Of Montreal
Method Man & Redman
OK Go
Passion Pit
DOOM
Health
Girl Talk
M. Ward
The Dandy Warhols
Miniature Tigers
Monotonix
Frightened Rabbit
Starfucker
Thunderheist
These United States
Harlem Shakes
Woodhands
Thao with the Get Down Stay Down
The Pains of Being Pure at Heart
The Twilight Sad
The Antlers
Viva Voce
The Answering Machine
Deer Tick
The Thermals
Cymbals Eat Guitars
We Were Promised Jetpacks
Lydia
Generationals
The Grates
Spindrift
Wendy Darling
Cotton Jones
Jim McTunan & The Kids That Killed The Man
FIR E !
Beats Antique
Gregory Alan Isakov
Speakeasy Tiger
Savoy and The Pirate Signal
Danielle Ate the Sandwich
The Knew
The Glitch Mob
Tigercity
Avi Buffalo
Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros
Thermals and Thao
Rachel Goodrich
French Horn Rebellion
Roadside Graves
References
Rock festivals in the United States
Music festivals in Colorado
Tourist attractions in Jefferson County , Colorado
The Institut de biologie moléculaire et cellulaire ( IBMC ) is a research institute of molecular and cellular biology that is owned by the French National Centre for Scientific Research and operated by the University of Strasbourg .
External links
Official site
Research institutes in France
Molecular biology institutes
French National Centre for Scientific Research
Viddler is an online sales training platform with integrated tools for practice and evaluation . The Viddler service offers video-based instruction and optional coaching and allows customers to engage with course content through guided assignments and self-recorded practice sessions .
History
The company , headquartered in Bethlehem , Pennsylvania , was founded in November , 2005 , by Robert Sandie , Greg Gurevich , Joshua Mann , and Donna DeMarco .
Viddler no longer provides a free service for non-commercial users . In 2010 , Viddler began focusing less on video enthusiasts and self-generated content hosting , and more on business verticals , including corporate communication and training , education , and publishing . Following a 2011 decision to discontinue new personal accounts , Viddler announced in 2014 it was going to close those legacy accounts , giving users the option of opening a paid account or downloading their existing videos .
References
Video hosting
2005 establishments in Pennsylvania
Online companies of the United States
Derek Kok Jing-hung ( , born 18 November 1964 ) is a Hong Kong actor who had worked for TVB from 1986 to 2015 . They filmed over 70 dramas . They are specialised in action and Chinese Kung Fu performance .
Career
Their career started when they entered the New Talent Singing Awards in 1985 . Even though they only made it through to the semi-finals , their stage performance , including the acrobatics they demonstrated throughout their performance impressed the folks at TVB . They then entered the TVB Artiste Training Class in 1985 and was signed with the station after completion of the program . The first notable role they played was Lee Yuen Ba in The Grand Canal . They left TVB in 2015 to sign a contract with a mainland Chinese company . In 2020 , they also signed a contract with Shaw Brothers .
Personal life
Between 2007 and 2010 , Kok was rumoured to be involved with actor Joyce Tang , but both have insisted to have only been good friends . They have been married with their current wife since 2011 and has two daughters .
Filmography
TV series
TV films
Killer 's Code ( 1995 )
They Are Married To Mob ( 1996 )
Films
References
External links
TVB.com Derek Kok 's Official Blog
Derek Kok at Hong Kong Cinemagic
Derek Kok at the Hong Kong Movie Database
Hong Kong male television actors
TVB actors
New Talent Singing Awards contestants
1964 births
Living people
20th-century Hong Kong male actors
21st-century Hong Kong male actors
The Massachusetts Bar Association ( MBA ) is a voluntary , non-profit bar association in Massachusetts with a headquarters on West Street in Boston 's Downtown Crossing . The MBA also has a Western Massachusetts office .
The purpose of the MBA is to serve the legal profession and the public by promoting the administration of justice , legal education , professional excellence and respect for the law . The MBA represents a diverse group of attorneys , judges and legal professionals across the commonwealth .
History
After the Massachusetts Bar Association has been organized in 1909 as a voluntary Association it was incorporated in 1911 .
Of its members in 1911 , historian Lee Max Friedman ( 1871–1957 ) .
In 1951 , the Law Society of Massachusetts merged with the Massachusetts Bar Association .
Membership
Any member of the Bar of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in good standing may become a member of the Association . Only members may vote and hold office in the Association .
Membership dues vary depending on how long an attorney has practiced , with special consideration given to particular areas of law , including legal services attorneys .
Any member of the MBA who has been admitted to the bar for 50 years , and is a current member in good standing shall automatically become a life member of the MBA and be exempt from paying annual dues .
Notable presidents
Nathan P. Avery , Holyoke ( 1932–1936 )
See also
Law Society of Massachusetts
References
External links
Official website
Massachusetts
Bar
Bar
Non-profit organizations based in Boston
1910 establishments in Massachusetts
Organizations established in 1910
The Cubans were a team of Cuban professional baseball players that toured the United States during 1899 and 1902–05 , playing against white semiprofessional and Negro league teams . The team was the first Latin American professional baseball team to tour the United States . As a racially integrated team , future major league players Armando Marsans and Rafael Almeida got their start in the United States on the team . The team was also a forerunner for later Negro league teams staffed by Latin American players , such as the Cuban Stars ( West ) , the Cuban Stars ( East ) , and the New York Cubans . Negro league stars Luis Bustamante and Carlos Morán started their American careers with the Cubans .
History
The team was organized by Cuban baseball executive Abel Linares and its field manager was Tinti Molina . The American sponsor of the 1899 tour was former baseball player and entrepreneur Alfred Lawson . Linares later described the tour as calamitous . They recalled arriving in New York in June 1899 with $ 25 and 12 players . So little money was earned that at the end of the tour , Linares and two players were stranded in New York until money could be sent from Havana to pay for their return home .
The team 's first recorded game was on July 28 , 1899 , against a white semi-pro team in Weehawken , New Jersey ; the Cubans won 12–4 . On July 31 , a crowd of 1,800 watched them lose to the West New York Field Club , 8–5 . The Cubans then defeated the Mountain AC club 9–3 . The Jersey City , New Jersey , team then beat them 14–4 .
The 1899 All Cubans most famous games , however , came in August against the Cuban X-Giants , one of the premier Negro League teams , which had no actual Cuban players . The newspapers described it as a challenge ; according to the New York Sun , the Cubans protested `` against the Cuban X-Giants posing as representatives of Cuba . '' The games took place in Hoboken , New Jersey . The X-Giants won the first game 7–3 behind the 5-hit pitching of James Robinson . The X-Giants also won the second match , 11–6 . This series was a precursor for a Cuban tour by the Cuban X-Giants the following year , the first major tour of Cuba by an American Negro league team .
The players on the 1899 All Cubans were Cuban criollos and mestizos , but the teams that toured in 1902–05 included afro-cuban black players . In 1903 , there were reports the team had run into trouble in Florida because it was carrying three black players . These teams continued to play successfully against independent white semi-pro teams and Negro League teams , such as the Cuban X-Giants and the Philadelphia Giants .
Notable players
Members of the Cuban Baseball Hall of Fame who played with the Cubans include :
Rafael Almeida – 3B , 1904–05
Alfredo Arcaño – CF , 1899
Luis Bustamante – SS , 1903–05
Alfredo Cabrera – 1B , 1903 , 1905
Antonio María García – 1B , 1899 , 1904–05
Regino García – C , 1905
Heliodoro Hidalgo – CF , 1905
Julio López – LF , 1899 , 1903
Armando Marsans – LF , 1905
Agustín Molina – C , 1903
Carlos Morán – 3B , 1902
José Muñoz – P , LF , CF , RF , 1903–04
Luis Padrón – 2B , LF , 1902–03
Emilio Palomino – P , RF , CF , 1904–05
Moisés Quintero – 1B , 1899 , 1904
Carlos Royer – P , 1899 , 1902
Gonzalo Sánchez – C , 1904
Notes
References
Cuban-American history
Negro league baseball teams
Defunct baseball teams in New Jersey
Baseball teams disestablished in 1905
Baseball teams established in 1899
The Rottenburg witch trials was a series of witch trials taking place in Rottenburg am Neckar in then Further Austria in present day Baden-Württemberg in Germany between 1578 and 1609 . It resulted in the death of 150 people . The witch trials were divided in the waves of 1578-1585 , 1589-90 , 1595-96 , 1598-1605 and 1609 . The high peak of the trials were the witch trial of 1595-96 , when 41 women were burnt alive at the stake between June 1595 and July 1596 . Rottenburg were known as a witch trials center and the 1595 trial attracted attention from the University of Tübingen . The Rottenburg witch trials has been characterized as traditional , since the victims were almost exclusively poor old women , and never developed in to the endemic mass trials in which citizens of all sexes and classes could be indiscriminately accused , such as the Würzburg witch trials , and they were conducted under strict control from the authorities .
1578-1589
Rottenburg became Protestant during the Reformation , but reverted to Catholicism during the Counter-Reformation . The first execution for witchcraft is registered in 1578 . From that point onward , which trials became unusually common in Rottenburg and Horb : nine people were executed in 1580 , eight in 1582 , twelve in Rottenburg and 13 in Horb in 1583 , and nine in 1585 , when the authorities ended the trials with the statement that if the persecutions continued , all women in Rottenburg would eventually die . They were allowed to continue in 1589 , with five executions .
1590-1594
Between 1590 and 1594 , a famous case took place when the noblewoman Agatha von Sontheim zu Nellingsheim were freed from all charges in exchange for paying a price of 10.000 gulden as well as the promise that the population living on their estates would convert to Catholicism .
1595-1596
The biggest witch trial took place in 1595-96 . In June 1595 , at least six women were tortured to confess that because of their unhappiness , poverty and marital problems , they had committed adultery with the Devil and caused harm on the harvest and cattle of the region by use of witchcraft . They were tortured to point out accomplices , and executed . Between 7 May and 21 July 1596 , one more woman died of torture , and 35 women were burned alive chained to stakes . This witch trial attracted a lot of contemporary attention , and it is noted that the professors of the University of Tübingen were forced to accept the absence of their students , who went to watch the witch burnings in Rottenburg . This trial is better documented that those of the 1580s . With one exception , all of the accused were poor , many of them old , women , whose sexual and religious life were not conforming to the expected norms : while it is not clear that if they were Protestants , the interrogations to reveal that they were at least non-conforming Catholics .
1598-1609
In 1598 , the persecutions continued with one execution , followed by ten in 1599 , seventeen in 1600 and fifteen in 1601 . In 1602 , the official Hans Georg Hallmayer , who had managed many witch trials , were themselves arrested and died from torture in prison , followed by six executions in 1603 , six in 1605 and four in 1609 .
End and evaluation
In 1613 , Jakob Hallritter of the University of Tübingen proved that the allegations against a group of women then held in prison were not legally proven , a principle which prevented further witch trials in Rottenburg .
The Rottenburg witch trials were notable for continuing almost without pause for almost four decades . The reason to why they were able to continue for so long has been attributed to its character . The famous mass trials of Trier witch trials , Würzburg witch trials and Bamberg witch trials were also big mass trials , but were ended by the authorities when they became indiscriminate and anyone regardless of class or sex could be arrested , and thus became a threat to the authorities themselves . In contrast , the victims of the Rottenburg witch trials were almost all poor women : the trials generally did not expand beyond that category , and were therefore not considered threatening by the authorities , who practiced and maintained a tight control over the proceedings , and saw no reason to stop them .
References
Notes
Sources
Midelfort , H. C. Erik , Witch hunting in southwestern Germany 1562-1684 : the social and intellectual foundations , U.P , Stanford , Calif , 1972
1578 in the Holy Roman Empire
Witch trials in Germany
1595 in the Holy Roman Empire
1596 in the Holy Roman Empire
1609 in the Holy Roman Empire
Witch trials in Austria
Rottenburg am Neckar
Radical 71 or radical not ( ) meaning `` nothing '' or `` negative '' is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals ( 214 radicals in total ) composed of 4 strokes .
In the Kangxi Dictionary , there are 12 characters ( out of 49,030 ) to be found under this radical .
is also the 62nd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China , with being its associated indexing component .
as an individual character is a variant form of . In Simplified Chinese , is used as the simplified form of .
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+65E0
071
062
Josh Brooks ( born May 28 , 1980 ) is an American university sports administrator who currently serves as athletic director at the University of Georgia . They were previously the athletic director for Millsaps College .
Early years and education
Josh Brooks was born on May 28 , 1980 , in Hammond , Louisiana . They graduated from LSU with a degree in kinesiology and completed their master 's degree in sports management at Georgia .
Athletic Director
Millsaps College
After stints at Louisiana-Monroe and Georgia , Brooks became the athletic director at Millsaps College , a Division III school located in Jackson , Mississippi .
University of Georgia
In 2016 , Brooks went to the University of Georgia to serve as executive associate director of athletics . Over the course of the next 5 years , Brooks was promoted three times . In 2018 , Brooks became a deputy athletic director , and in 2019 became the senior deputy athletic director . In 2021 , following the departure of Greg McGarity , Brooks became the athletic director for the University of Georgia .
Personal life
Brooks is married to their wife , Lillie , and they have three sons together : James , Jackson , and Davis .
References
External links
Georgia Bulldogs bio
Living people
Georgia Bulldogs and Lady Bulldogs athletic directors
Louisiana State University people
Millsaps Majors athletic directors
1980 births
The Battle of Lipantitlán , also known as the Battle of Nueces Crossing , was fought along the Nueces River on November 4 , 1835 between the Mexican Army and Texian insurgents , as part of the Texas Revolution . After the Texian victory at the Battle of Goliad , only two Mexican garrisons remained in Texas , Fort Lipantitlán near San Patricio and the Alamo Mission at San Antonio de Béxar ( modern-day San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas ) . Fearing that Lipantitlán could be used as a base for the Mexican army to retake Goliad and angry that two of their men were imprisoned there , Texian commander Philip Dimmitt ordered their adjutant , Captain Ira Westover , to capture the fort .
The commander of Fort Lipantitlán , Nicolás Rodríguez , had been ordered to harass the Texian troops at Goliad . Rodríguez took the bulk of their men on an expedition ; while they were gone , Westover 's force arrived in San Patricio . On November 3 , a local man persuaded the Mexican garrison to surrender , and the following day the Texians dismantled the fort . Rodríguez returned as the Texians were crossing the swollen Nueces River to return to Goliad . The Mexican soldiers attacked , but the longer range of the Texians rifles soon forced them to retreat . One Texian was injured , 3–5 Mexican soldiers were killed , and 14–17 were wounded .
The injured Mexican troops were allowed to seek medical treatment in San Patricio , and the remaining Mexican soldiers retreated to Matamoros . The Texians now had full control of the Texas Gulf Coast , which meant that the troops stationed at San Antonio de Béxar could only receive reinforcements and supplies overland . Historian Bill Groneman believes that this contributed to the eventual Mexican defeat at the siege of Béxar , which expelled all Mexican troops from Texas . The former site of the fort is now a Texas historic site .
Background
Fort Lipantitlán was built on the grounds of an old campsite along the west bank of the Nueces River on the Gulf coast of Texas . The site was first occupied by a nomadic Lipan Apache tribe during their periodic visits . After the Apaches abandoned the area , the campground was often used by missionaries , military units , and traders making their way between Mexico and the Texas settlements . In 1825 or 1826 , Mexican officials constructed a makeshift fort , named Lipantitlán after the Lipan Apaches , at the campsite . According to Texian John J. Linn , the fort `` was a single embankment of earth , lined within by fence rails to hold the dirt in place , and would have answered tolerably well , perhaps , for a second-rate hog pen '' . The embankment was surrounded by a large ditch ; just outside the ditch lay adobe and wooden huts for the officers and their families .
Between 80 and 125 soldiers from the 2nd Active ( Cavalry ) Company of Tamaulipas were garrisoned at the fort . They collected customs duties and provided protection to San Patricio , a small settlement of Irish and Mexican colonists approximately south . Smaller garrisons were located at Copano Bay and Refugio , with a larger force stationed at Presidio La Bahía in Goliad .
In 1835 , federalists in several interior Mexican states revolted against the increasingly centralist reign of Mexican President Antonio López de Santa Anna . The Texians staged a minor revolt against customs duties in June , and wary colonists soon began forming militias , ostensibly to protect themselves . Fearing that strong measures were needed to quell the unrest , Santa Anna ordered General Martín Perfecto de Cos to lead a large force into Texas ; Cos arrived in Texas on September 20 .
The Texas Revolution officially began on October 2 at the Battle of Gonzales . Within days , Texian insurgents seized Presidio La Bahía , located at Goliad . Twenty Mexican soldiers escaped and briefly took refuge at Copano and Refugio ; those garrisons soon abandoned their posts and joined the larger force at Fort Lipantitlán . The Mexican soldiers at Lipantitlán began improving the defenses of their small fort . As the only remaining garrison on the Texas coast , Fort Lipantitlán was a vital link between the Mexican interior and Béxar , the political center of Texas which housed Cos and the only other force of Mexican troops in Texas .
Captain Philip Dimmitt assumed command of the Texians at Presidio La Bahía . In a letter to General Stephen F. Austin dated October 15 , Dimmitt proposed an attack on Fort Lipantitlán , whose capture would `` secure the frontier , provide a vital station for defense , create instability among the centralists , and encourage Mexican federalists '' . Most of the federalists in San Patricio were afraid of retaliation if they openly defied Santa Anna 's centralist policies . They were also reluctant to hold elections for delegates to the Consultation , which would decide whether Texians were fighting for reinstatement of the Constitution of 1824 or for independence from Mexico . Soldiers at Lipantitlán had also imprisoned two of Dimmitt 's men , John Williams and John Toole , as they tried to deliver missives to the federalist leaders in San Patricio on October 10 and 11 . Dimmitt hoped to free the men after capturing Fort Lipantitlán .
On October 20 , James Power , one of the Irish empresarios who had helped to found San Patricio , learned that the Lipantitlán soldiers had been ordered to retake Presidio La Bahia . Two hundred cavalry were expected to reinforce the Lipantitlán garrison before the attack , with an additional 200–300 soldiers expected later . Although Dimmitt forwarded the intelligence to Austin , they were not given authorization to attack . The delay proved costly to Williams and Toole , who were marched to the Mexican interior , beyond the reach of the Texians . According to Dimmitt 's angry letter to Austin , Toole begged their captors to kill them outright rather than send them on the march , which they believed would still result in their death . Dimmitt concluded , `` this news , after the leniency shown to the prisoners taken here , could not fail to create a lively , and a strong excitement . The men under my command are clamorous for retaliation '' .
Prelude
The furor over the removal of Williams and Toole likely led Dimmitt to take matters into their own hands . On October 31 they sent a member of their staff , Adjutant Ira Westover , to take 35 men to attack Fort Lipantitlán . A self-appointed advisory committee—John J. Linn , Major James Kerr and Power—rode along . The three advisors had been elected to the Consultation but delayed their departure so that they could participate in the fighting .
Rather than riding directly southwest to the fort , Westover travelled southeast to Refugio . This alternative route was likely intended to suggest that the expedition was headed for Copano Bay . An unknown number of men joined the expedition in Refugio ; historian Craig Roell believes that the expedition grew by at least 20 men , and historian Bill Groneman estimated that Westover 's force numbered 60–70 men when it reached San Patricio .
Meanwhile , the commander of the garrison at Fort Lipantitlán , Captain Nicolás Rodríguez , received orders to harass the Texians at Presidio La Bahía . On October 31 , as Rodríguez and their men neared Goliad , they learned that a Texian force had left the fort earlier that day . The Mexican soldiers immediately retraced their route . They did not encounter any Texian soldiers during their march and arrived on November 1 to find the fort unmolested . Uncertain as to what the Texians intended to do , Rodríguez and the bulk of their garrison ( almost 80 men ) turned back towards Goliad to attempt to intercept the Texians . Between 21 and 27 soldiers , armed with two cannon , remained to defend the fort .
Battle
Rodríguez expected the Texians to take a direct route . their men patrolled the northern approaches to the fort . Westover 's men instead approached from the east , eluding the Mexican patrols . Five miles ( 8 km ) from San Patricio , Westover received word that Rodríguez was searching for the Texians . They forced the men to increase their pace , and they arrived at San Patricio 30 minutes after sundown on November 3 . Westover positioned two small groups of men to guard the Nueces River crossings , about from the fort . As the rest of the Texians prepared for a dawn assault , two San Patricio residents wandered into their camp . Westover arrested one of them , James O'Riley , for `` aiding and assisting the enemy '' . In exchange for their liberty , O'Riley offered to persuade the Mexican garrison to surrender . Historians have no records of what methods O'Riley used , but by 11 pm the Mexican soldiers had surrendered , without a shot fired . They were released immediately as long as they promised not to fight again during the Texas Revolution . The Texians captured the two 4-lb ( 1.8-kg ) cannons , 18 muskets , and 3–4 pounds ( 1.4–1.8 kg ) of powder . They also released several Texians who had been held prisoner in the fort .
The following day , Texians burned the wooden huts adjacent to the fort and dismantled the embankments . By 3 pm they had rounded up 14 horses and were preparing to bring the cannons back to Goliad . In the meantime , Rodriguez had travelled almost all the way to Goliad . Before they reached Presidio La Bahía , one of their spies arrived with news that the Texians had taken Fort Lipantitlán . Rodriguez and their men—including 10 colonists from San Patricio—marched back toward the fort , arriving at about 4 pm .
The Texians used a small canoe to transport men across the Nueces River , and when the Mexican soldiers were sighted only half of the Texian force had crossed to the east bank of the river . As the Mexican soldiers attacked , the Texians took cover in a grove of trees . The trees prevented the cavalry from approaching , so Rodriguez 's men dismounted and attempted to attack from both sides . The Texian rifles had a much longer range than the Mexican Brown Bess muskets— compared to . After 30 minutes of fighting , the Mexicans withdrew , leaving behind 8 horses and several wounded men . The only Texian injured was Lieutenant William Bracken , who lost three fingers . Texian rifleman A. J. Jones later wrote to Fannin that 3 Mexicans had died with 14 wounded , though historian Stephen Hardin believes that 5 Mexicans died with 17 wounded . Jones 's letter mentioned that three of the wounded were the alcalde , judge , and sheriff of San Patricio .
Aftermath
Without draft animals , the Texians had no easy way to transport the artillery . As night approached , a cold rain began to fall , and the men became discouraged . Westover , Kerr , Linn , and Power agreed to throw the artillery in the river rather than continue to struggle with it . The Texians also deposited their cache of captured ammunition and muskets in the river ; in their opinion , the supplies were useless .
Most Texians spent the night in San Patricio , housed by sympathetic locals . The Mexican troops camped outdoors near the battle site . At dawn , Westover agreed to allow the wounded Mexican soldiers to be transported to San Patricio for treatment . The following day one of the wounded soldiers , Mexican Lieutenant Marcellino Garcia , died . Garcia was a personal friend of Linn , and the Texians gave them a full burial with honors .
Westover sent a messenger to Rodríguez to request `` another pleasant meeting '' . Rodríguez declined the offer and retreated with their remaining men to Matamoros . Their departure left only one remaining group of Mexican soldiers in Texas , those under General Cos at Béxar . The Texians now controlled the Gulf Coast , and so all communication between Cos and the Mexican interior must be transferred overland . The long distance involved severely slowed the delivery of messages and receipt of supplies and reinforcements . According to Groneman , this likely contributed to Cos 's defeat in the siege of Béxar , which expelled the remaining Mexican soldiers from Texas .
On their return to Goliad , Westover 's group encountered Agustín Viesca , the recently deposed governor of Coahuila y Tejas . Several months before , Viesca had been imprisoned by the Mexican army for defying attempts by Santa Anna to disband the state legislature . They and members of their cabinet had been liberated by sympathetic soldiers and immediately travelled to Texas to recreate the state government . Westover and their men provided a military escort to Goliad , arriving on November 12 . Dimmitt welcomed Viesca but refused to recognize their authority as governor . This caused an uproar in the garrison ; many supported the governor , while others believed that Texas should be an independent country and should therefore not recognize the Mexican governor .
Dimmitt later chastised Westover for not following orders during the expedition . Westover refused to make an official report to Dimmitt . Instead , they sent a written report to Sam Houston , the commander-in-chief of the regular army . In Westover 's opinion , `` The men all fought bravely and those on the opposite bank of the river were enabled to operate on the flanks of the enemy above and below the crossing which they did with fine effect . '' Houston lauded `` the conduct and bravery of the officers and men who have so handsomely acquitted themselves in the affair and so deservedly won [ a ] reputation for themselves and Glory for their Country '' . This was the first armed skirmish fought since the Battle of Goliad , according to historian Hobart Huson , the victory `` renewed the morale of the people '' . News of the battle spread throughout the United States , and the Texians were widely praised in American newspapers .
The removal of Mexican army oversight encouraged federalists in San Patricio . These men soon gained control of the municipal government , formed a militia , and elected delegates to represent them at the Consultation . However , the town remained divided ; many still supported the centralist Mexican government . After reaching Matamoros , Rodríguez sent a letter to the town leaders . The letter warned that the Mexican army would return and encouraged the people of San Patricio to repudiate the rebellion . One of the San Patricio federalists later wrote Dimmitt , `` We have neither men nor means to withstand any force that may be sent against us . '' The Texians chose not to garrison men in or near San Patricio . In 1836 , as part of Santa Anna 's invasion of Texas , General José de Urrea led Mexican forces along the Texas coastline and retook San Patricio on February 27 .
In 1937 , the land comprising the former site of Fort Lipantitlán was donated to the state of Texas . The Texas State Parks Board gained control over the site in 1949 . Now named the Lipantitlan State Historic Site , the park covers in Nueces County . A stone marker indicates the location of the former fort .
See also
List of Texas Revolution battles
Timeline of the Texas Revolution
Notes
References
Sources
Battles of the Texas Revolution
Conflicts in 1835
1835 in Texas
Irish-American history and culture in Texas
November 1835 events
Aloys Loeher ( 1850–1904 ) was an American sculptor . They created a signature piece which was exhibited at the 1893 Columbian Exposition . Among their other works are the Siegfried Monument in New York , the Fritz Reuter Monument in Chicago , and a number of medals and busts .
Life
They were born in Paderborn , Germany . They emigrated to the U.S. , settling first in New York in 1883 and then Milwaukee in 1889 .
While living in New York 1883-1889 , Loeher was referenced several times in the New York Herald . The first , in 1883 , refers to `` Alois Loher , a Bavarian , a recent addition '' in a piece about `` Art and Artists on the Future of American Sculpture . '' In 1886 , an article appeared in the New York Herald about the Statue of Germania , `` a work just completed in the clay by Alois Loeher '' .
In 1889 , Loeher moved to Wisconsin and became a resident of Milwaukee County , Wisconsin . Their address in Milwaukee was listed as Plankinton House , a boarding house located on Grand Avenue , a well-to-do residential area populated with mansions and wealthy homes . As an indication of their place in society , they were listed in the 1890-91 Directory of Milwaukee Elite .
In Milwaukee Loeher 's reputation grew as a sculptor and artist . In 1890 , the Milwaukee Sentinel reported that Loeher completed a life-sized medallion portrait of Eugen D'Albert , a German composer and pianist who was visiting the city . Loeher also worked in bronze , doing portraits of local notables . Two examples of their work can be found at the University School of Milwaukee : a bust of Guido Pfister and Peter Engelmann , founders and benefactors of the school . In 1893 Loehr was invited to exhibit at the Chicago World 's Fair ( also known as the 1893 Columbian Exposition ) . They created a large decorative shield , three feet in diameter , filled with small bas-relief figures of American historical significance . The shield was placed in the fine arts building at the Columbian Exposition , next to Francis Edwin Elwell 's sculpture of Dickens and Little Nell . The shield 's location today , if it exists at all , is unknown to Smithsonian collectors and curators .
Aloys Loeher died in an accident in June 1904 in Silver Springs NY . They were 54 years old .
References
Stanley Waterloo , Story the Shield ( a detailed account of the figures on Loeher 's sculpture and their significance ) .
1850 births
1904 deaths
German emigrants to the United States
Artists from Milwaukee
Sculptors from Wisconsin
rESONANCE is an compilation album by haloblack , self-released on July 15 , 1992 . The album comprises a collection of demos that were recorded in 1992 with the intention of being part of the band 's debut Tension Filter .
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the rESONANCE liner notes .
haloblack
Bryan Barton ( as Bryan Black ) – vocals , instruments , production
Release history
References
External links
rESONANCE at Bandcamp
1992 compilation albums
haloblack albums
Whitley County is a rural county in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of the 2020 United States census , the population was 34,191 . Whitley County is the 49th largest county in Indiana . The county seat ( and only incorporated city ) is Columbia City . The county has the highest county number ( 92 ) on Indiana license plates , as it is alphabetically the last in the state 's list of counties . It is part of the Fort Wayne Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Fort Wayne–Huntington–Auburn Combined Statistical Area .
History
Indiana was granted statehood near the end of 1816 . On 7 February 1835 , the state legislature approved an omnibus bill that authorized the creation of thirteen counties , including Whitley . It was named for Col. William Whitley , who was killed in the Battle of the Thames in the War of 1812 .
The first non-Native American settlers arrived in the area during that year , as a result of the end of the Black Hawk War and completion of the Erie Canal . They were from New England - `` Yankee '' settlers , descendents of the English Puritans who settled New England in the colonial era . They were primarily members of the Congregational Church though due to the Second Great Awakening many of them had converted to Methodism and some had become Baptists before coming to Indiana . Whitley County government was organized in 1838 .
In the late 1870s immigrants began arriving from Germany and Ireland .
Geography
Prior to white settlement , Whitley County 's low rolling hills were densely forested , and dotted with lakes across its northern portion . At present , the available land is mostly deforested , and is entirely devoted to agriculture or to urban development . Its highest point ( approx . 1000'/305 meters ASL ) is a small rise NE of Cedar Lake . The Eel River flows southwestward through the lower part of the county , and the Blue River flows southwestward through the upper part .
According to the 2010 United States Census , the county has a total area of , of which ( or 99.31 % ) is land and ( or 0.69 % ) is water .
Adjacent counties
Noble County - north
Allen County - east
Huntington County - south
Wabash County - southwest
Kosciusko County - west
City and towns
Columbia City ( city/county seat )
Churubusco
Larwill
South Whitley
Census-designated place
Tri-Lakes
Unincorporated places
Blue Lake
Briggs
Coesse
Coesse Corners
Collamer
Collins
Cresco
Dunfee
Etna
Five Points
Laud
Lorane
Luther
Peabody
Raber
Saturn
Tunker
Washington Center
Townships
Cleveland
Columbia
Etna-Troy
Jefferson
Richland
Smith
Thorncreek
Union
Washington
Lakes
Blue Lake
Brown Lake
Cedar Lake
Crooked Lake ( part )
Dollar Lake
Goose Lake
Indian Lake
Little Cedar Lake
Loon Lake ( part )
Mud Lake
New Lake
Old Lake
Rine Lake
Robinson Lake ( part )
Round Lake
Scott Lake
Shriner Lake
Tadpole Lake
Troy Cedar Lake
Winters Lake
Protected areas
Deniston Resource Area
Goose Lake Wetland Conservation Area
Pisgah Marsh Nongame Area ( part )
Major highways
U.S. Route 24
U.S. Route 30
U.S. Route 33
Indiana State Road 5
Indiana State Road 9
Indiana State Road 14
Indiana State Road 105
Indiana State Road 109
Indiana State Road 114
Indiana State Road 205
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Columbia City have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The legislative branch of the county government ; controls spending and revenue collection in the county . Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts . They set salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county ; commissioners are elected to four-year staggered terms in county-wide elections . One commissioner serves as president . The commissioners execute the acts legislated by the council , collect revenue , and manage the county government .
Court : The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases . The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana bar . The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term . In some cases , court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court .
County Officials : The county has other officers elected to four-year terms , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Whitely County is part of Indiana 's 3rd congressional district and as of 2020 is represented by Republican James Edward Banks in the United States Congress .
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 33,292 people , 13,001 households , and 9,228 families in the county . The population density was . There were 14,281 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.6 % white , 0.3 % Asian , 0.3 % American Indian , 0.3 % black or African American , 0.4 % from other races , and 1.1 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 38.2 % were German , 12.6 % were Irish , 12.5 % were American , and 9.3 % were English .
Of the 13,001 households , 32.5 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 57.4 % were married couples living together , 9.2 % had a female householder with no husband present , 29.0 % were non-families , and 24.1 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.99 . The median age was 40.1 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 63,487 . Males had a median income of $ 44,883 versus $ 30,724 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 24,644 . About 5.1 % of families and 6.8 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 7.2 % of those under age 18 and 7.6 % of those age 65 or over .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Whitley County , Indiana
References
External links
Whitley County Government Website
Whitley County Online Scanner
Whitley County ARC Inc
Indiana counties
1838 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1838
Fort Wayne , IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
Sällskapet may refer to :
Sällskapet ( album ) , a debut music album by the eponymous Swedish band
Sällskapet ( band ) , a Swedish electronic rock music band
Sällskapet ( club ) , a Swedish gentlemen 's club established in Stockholm in 1800
Sällskapet till belöning för trotjänare , a non-profit prize-giving organisation in Sweden
Sällskapet Du Londel , an alternative name for Du Londel Troupe in Sweden
Välgörande fruntimmerssällskapet , Swedish women 's charitable society
The National Party for Solidarity and Development ( Parti National pour la Solidarité et le Developpement ; PNSD ) is a minor political party in Algeria .
History and profile
The National Party for Solidarity and Development was established in 1989 . Rabah Bencherif was the leader of the party . The current leader is Dalila Yalaqui .
In the 17 May 2007 People 's National Assembly elections , the party won 2.08 % of the vote and 2 out of 389 seats . It also won four seats in the 2012 elections .
References
1989 establishments in Algeria
Political parties established in 1989
Political parties in Algeria
Lotte Jacobi ( August 17 , 1896 – May 6 , 1990 ) was a leading American portrait photographer and photojournalist , known for their high-contrast black-and-white portrait photography , characterized by intimate , sometimes dramatic , sometimes idiosyncratic and often definitive humanist depictions of both ordinary people in the United States and Europe and some of the most important artists , thinkers and activists of the 20th century .
Work
Jacobi 's photographic style stressed informality , and sought to delve deeper into the traits of their subjects than traditional portraiture . They made a point of photographing subjects in their own environments , and talking to them while they worked . They explained the reasoning behind their approach this way : I just try and get people to talk , to relax , to be themselves . I do n't like a passive , bored subject . I do portraits because I like people , and I want to bring out their personalities . Many photographers today , I think , are bringing out the worst part of people . I try and bring out the best. “ She taught me how to be good to people and create an environment where they could function and be comfortable , ” New Hampshire Artist Laureate Gary Samson who helped Jacobi archive 47,000 negatives in the last decade of their life , and also created a documentary about her , explained . `` One of their most important lessons was to always let the subject 'rule the frame , ' which they still regard as the correct balance in the dialogue between artist and subject . ''
Jacobi is perhaps best known for their `` portrait of Albert Einstein ( Princeton , 1938 ) , whom they photographed candidly , seated at their desk , dishevelled and dressed in a leather jacket , a work that was refused by Life magazine for its simplicity . '' Other personality-driven portraits include `` Eleanor Roosevelt sitting back , gesturing , and obviously speaking in midsentence ; Marc Chagall depicted as a jovial family man ; Thomas Mann appearing as thoughtful as their work ; and more candid , gentle portraits of Einstein . '' Other celebrated subjects included poets W. H. Auden , Robert Frost , and May Sarton ; philosopher Martin Buber ; writer J.D . Salinger ; writer and activist W. E. B . Du Bois ; scientist Max Planck ; artist Käthe Kollwitz ; the actor and singer Lotte Lenya ; the singer and activist Paul Robeson ; the actor Peter Lorre ; dancer Pauline Koner ; fellow photographers Alfred Stieglitz , Berenice Abbott and Edward Steichen ; and political figures such as the first president of Israel Chaim Weizmann .
Chronology
Born in Thorn ( Toruń ) , Prussia ( now in Poland ) , Jacobi was raised in nearby Posen , the eldest of three children . At the age of 12 , they took their first photograph with a pinhole camera , which set the stage for them to become a fourth-generation photographer , following in the footsteps of their father , grandfather and `` great-grandfather who had studied with Daguerre , '' as well as joining their uncles , aunts and sister in the field . `` I was to be a photographer , '' Jacobi once said , `` and that was that . ' ”
After training at the Bavarian State Academy of Photography and the University of Munich , Jacobi married in 1916 and , in 1917 , gave birth to their only child . In 1921 , Posen became part of Poland , and Jacobi relocated to Munich . They divorced their husband in 1924 and , in 1927 , they entered the family photography business .
From 1927–35 , Jacobit managed their father 's Berlin studio . During this period , they also began to work independently as a photographer . `` Equipped with an Ermanox camera , they were passionate about dance and theatre photography . The exhibition Dance photographs organised by the Brooklyn Museum in 1937 presented a number of their moving images . '' But because portraits were the family specialty , they became their focus , as well , and soon `` the local newspapers — Berlin had 120 of them — were clamoring for their work . '' Represented by the Schostal Photo Agency ( Agentur Schostal ) , Jacobi also began producing films . There would be four in all , the most important of which was Portrait of the Artist , a study of artist and graphic designer Josef Scharl .
In 1932–33 , Jacobi traveled to the Soviet Union , in particular to Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , taking photographs of what they saw . They returned to Berlin in February 1933 , a month after Hitler came to power . As persecution against Jews rose , the left-wing and Jewish-born Jacobi found their work praised by German officials for its “ good examples of Aryan photography. ” Soon after , Jacobi fled Germany with their son , losing nearly all of their early work when they immigrated . The pair arrived in New York City in September 1935 and , within three weeks , Jacobi had founded another family photography studio , alongside their sister Ruth Jacobi Roth .
`` In the 1940s , they approached experimental photography with their Photogenics series , images playing with textures and light , realised without a camera . A part of their series Adventures in the World of Light was exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA ) in 1948 in the exhibition In and Out of Focus . In their New York studio as well as in their New Hampshire gallery that they opened in Deering in 1963 , they exhibited photographers that they loved , such as Minor White , as well as other female artists . ''
During the 1950s , Jacobi continued portrait photography as well as their pursuits in photogenic abstraction . In 1955 , Jacobi left New York with their son and daughter-in-law , and moved to Deering , New Hampshire , a move that changed their lives . There , they opened a new studio , where they both continued their own work and displayed work by other artists . They became interested in politics and was a fervent Democrat , representing New Hampshire at the Democratic National Convention in 1980 . They traveled extensively and enjoyed new-found fame in the 1970s and 1980s .
Jacobi died May 6 , 1990 at the age of 93 . They bequeathed 47,000 negatives to the Lotte Jacobi Archives established at the University of New Hampshire .
Education
Jacobi studied literature and art history at the Royal Academy in Poznań from 1912 to 1917 , and completed their formal artistic training at the Bavarian State Academy of Photography and the University of Munich from 1925 to 1927 .
Public collections
Them work is included in prestigious museum collections world-wide , including the International Center of Photography , MOMA , the J. Paul Getty Museum , the Jewish Museum , the Art Institute of Chicago , the Los Angeles County Museum of Art , the Philadelphia Museum of Art , the Princeton University Art Museum , the DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park , the Israel Museum , Berlinische Galerie , the Muscarelle Museum of Art , the Museum of Photographic Arts , and the National Gallery of Canada .
Personal life
The eldest of three children , born to parent Maria and Sigismund , Jacobi and their sister Ruth were fourth-generation photographers . ( `` A brother Alexander died at age 20 . '' ) Nicknamed `` Lotte '' by their father , Jacobi went on to adopt it as their professional name . In 1916 , they married Fritz Honig , and a year later they gave birth to a son , John . The marriage did not last , and in 1924 they divorced . They then relocated to Berlin in 1925 . In 1935 , they fled Nazi Germany for New York City where they would remain for the next 20 years . In 1940 , they married Erich Reiss , a distinguished German book publisher and writer , a marriage that lasted until their death in 1951 . In 1955 , they relocated to New Hampshire where they remained until their death in 1990 .
External links
Guide to the Lotte Jacobi Papers , 1898-2000 , University of New Hampshire
Lotte Jacobi Clippings Collection,1979 , Leo Baeck Institute , New York , NY
Notes
1896 births
1990 deaths
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
People from Toruń
People from West Prussia
20th-century American photographers
American portrait photographers
American women photographers
German women photographers
20th-century American women artists
People from Deering , New Hampshire
Humanist photographers
American photojournalists
20th-century women photographers
20th-century German women
The women 's 400 metres hurdles event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 11 and 12 August in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification : First 3 of each heat ( Q ) and the next 2 fastest ( q ) qualified for the final .
Final
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
400 metres hurdles at the African Championships in Athletics
FC Kendall is an elite amateur team based in Miami , FL competing in the United Premier Soccer League ( UPSL ) which is affiliated to the Florida State Soccer Association ( FSSA ) , United States Adult Soccer Association ( USASA ) , and the U.S. Soccer Federation ( USSF ) .
History
Formed in 2008 as Uruguay Kendall FC as a representation of the founders ' Uruguayan roots , the club changed their name to FC Kendall in July 2017 . The team has competed in the local South Florida Leagues . In 2015 the team joined as an original member of the regional American Premier Soccer League , finishing as runner-up in the inaugural season .
On March 1 , 2020 , FC Kendall was crowned CHAMPIONS of the South Florida League , A division . They decided to continue there season and join the UPSL .
References
External links
Soccer clubs in Miami
Soccer clubs in South Florida
American Premier Soccer League
Association football clubs established in 2008
Association football clubs disestablished in 2018
Szpikołosy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine . It lies approximately north-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin .
The village has a population of 469 .
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Gylling is a village in Jutland , Denmark . It is located in Odder Municipality .
History
Gylling Church was built in the later half of the 1100s .
Gylling in 1688 consisted of 22 farms and 33 half-farms , with 6 houses with land and 2 houses without land . The total cultivated area was 854.2 barrels of land owed to 154.37 barrels of grains .
Notable residents
Karen Jeppe ( 1876 — 1935 ) , social worker known for their work with Ottoman Armenian refugees and survivors of the Armenian Genocide , mainly widows and orphans , from 1903 until their death in Syria in 1935 .
Mogens Jeppesen ( born 1953 ) , handball player
References
Odder Municipality
Cities and towns in the Central Denmark Region
Villages in Denmark
Timothy Moffett ( born February 8 , 1962 ) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League who played for the Los Angeles Raiders and San Diego Chargers . They played college football for the Ole Miss Rebels .
References
1962 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
San Diego Chargers players
Los Angeles Raiders players
Ole Miss Rebels football players
National Football League replacement players
Gail O'Neill ( c. 1963 ) is a former fashion model , who has become a television journalist . As a fashion model , they were considered one of the elite African American models in the world . They have been on covers of leading fashion magazines and a part of the highly publicized Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue . As a journalist , they have been a correspondent for a variety of US networks . They were an original correspondent for The Early Show on CBS and has also worked for CNN and HGTV . As of 2009 , they continue to model actively .
A native of Westchester County , New York , O'Neill worked for Xerox after graduation as a marketing rep .
Modeling
After graduating from Wesleyan University , they began an international modeling career that included appearances on the covers of Vogue and Mademoiselle , as well as catalogue work for companies such as J . Crew and Nordstrom . They were a spokesperson for Liz Claiborne . They were an A-list fashion model in the 1980s when they frequently appeared on fashion magazines . As a model they were known for refusing to appear in advertisements for cigarettes or for corporate sponsors that did not divest of South African investments . They appeared in the 1992 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue . In the 1990s they were an activist for the homeless as part of the Black Girls Coalition with about twenty of the world 's elite black supermodels .
Journalism
O'Neill 's journalism career has included freelance work for numerous television networks . They were an original correspondent for CBS 's The Early Show , which debuted in 1999 , where they presented `` Box Office Plus '' , a regular Monday feature . They had a reputation for being more skeptical and less of a cheerleader for the movie industry than their movie news correspondent peers on other networks .
Subsequently , they performed as a host of CNN 's weekly Travel Now series . They also served CNN as a correspondent covering other events .
From 2004 to 2006 , they hosted HGTV 's Mission Organization , where they matched professional organizers with those in need of organization and remodeling .
The White House has a tradition of inviting volunteers to assist with the holiday decorations . In 2005 , they invited 50 volunteers . O'Neill hosted The White House Christmas 2005 for HGTV , and spoke with United States First Lady Laura Bush about the decorations and themes .
In 2008 , they were mentioned in retrospectives lamenting the state of the fashion world for black models in magazines like Ebony and Italian Vogue . The July 2008 Vogue Italia carried the headline `` A Black Issue '' and was dedicated to issues related to a lack of diversity in the fashion modeling industry , especially print ads , runway shows , and fashion editorials . O'Neill was photographed by Steven Meisel in its first photo spread .
O'Neill continues to model actively , and they modeled for the 2009 Spring/Summer Calvin Klein ckOne fragrance campaign .
Notes
External links
Gail O'Neill at : Internet Movie Database , models.com , TV.com
American female models
People from Westchester County , New York
Wesleyan University alumni
1960s births
Living people
21st-century American women
WICOR is a collection of instructional strategies associated with the AVID program . It is the foundation of AVID secondary curriculum . WICOR stands for writing , inquiry , collaboration , organization and reading .
References
Pedagogy
The Angolan Men 's Handball League is the top tier handball competition in Angola .
Summary
Round robin tournament .
Participation details
Titles per club
Men
See also
Federação Angolana de Andebol
Angola men 's national handball team
Taça de Angola
Supertaça de Angola
References
Handball competitions in Angola
Angola
Ẹchịcha ( also , Achịcha ) is a dish native to the Igbo part of Nigeria consisting mainly of dried Cocoyam , mgbụmgbụ ( Pigeon pea ) , and palm oil . It is traditionally eaten in the dry season when fresh vegetables are hard to come by .
Ẹchịcha is made by steaming the dried cocoyam and mgbụmgbụ until they are soft , then mixing the two thoroughly with a sauce made of palm oil , ụgba ( seed of the oil bean tree ) , onions , fresh pepper , and salt .
See also
Igbo cuisine
List of African dishes
References
Nigerian cuisine
Igbo cuisine
The 2013–14 Australian Women 's Twenty20 Cup was the fifth formal season of the Australian Women 's Twenty20 Cup , which was the premier domestic women 's Twenty20 cricket competition in Australia prior to the inception of the Women 's Big Bash League in 2015 . The tournament started on 11 October 2013 and finished on 7 February 2014 . For the first and only time , the tournament included semi-finals . Defending champions New South Wales Breakers went unbeaten in the group stage but lost to ACT Meteors in the semi-finals . Queensland Fire won the tournament for the first time after finishing third in the group stage and beating ACT Meteors in the final .
Ladder
Fixtures
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Highest totals
Most runs
Most wickets
References
External links
Series home at ESPNcricinfo
Australian Women 's Twenty20 Cup seasons
Australian Women 's Twenty20 Cup
Elayis Tavşan ( born 30 April 2001 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as forward for NEC .
Club career
On 19 August 2019 , they joined Telstar on a season-long loan . On 15 June 2020 , they signed a three-year contract with NEC with an option for an additional season . They made their debut against Jong Ajax in the second matchday of the season . They played 84 minutes , after which they were substituted for Thomas Beekman . The match after that , they scored their first goal for the club , in the 3–1 away match against FC Volendam .
Personal life
Tavşan was born in the Netherlands and is of Turkish and Surinamese descent .
Honours
Netherlands U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship : 2018
References
2001 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Footballers from Rotterdam
Netherlands youth international footballers
Dutch people of Turkish descent
Dutch sportspeople of Surinamese descent
Association football forwards
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
Tweede Divisie players
Sparta Rotterdam players
SC Telstar players
NEC Nijmegen players
Young as You Feel may refer to :
Young as You Feel ( 1931 film ) , an American comedy starring Will Rogers
Young as You Feel ( 1940 film ) , an American comedy , part of the Jones Family series of films
See also
As Young as You Feel , a 1951 film
Signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 ( STAT5 ) refers to two highly related proteins , STAT5A and STAT5B , which are part of the seven-membered STAT family of proteins . Though STAT5A and STAT5B are encoded by separate genes , the proteins are 90 % identical at the amino acid level . STAT5 proteins are involved in cytosolic signalling and in mediating the expression of specific genes . Aberrant STAT5 activity has been shown to be closely connected to a wide range of human cancers , and silencing this aberrant activity is an area of active research in medicinal chemistry .
Activation and function
In order to be functional , STAT5 proteins must first be activated . This activation is carried out by kinases associated with transmembrane receptors :
Ligands binding to these transmembrane receptors on the outside of the cell activate the kinases ;
The stimulated kinases add a phosphate group to a specific tyrosine residue on the receptor ;
STAT5 then binds to these phosphorylated-tyrosines using their SH2 domain ( STAT domains illustrated below ) ;
The bound STAT5 is then phosphorylated by the kinase , the phosphorylation occurring at particular tyrosine residues on the C-terminus of the protein ;
Phosphorylation causes STAT5 to dissociate from the receptor ;
The phosphorylated STAT5 finally goes on to form either homodimers , STAT5-STAT5 , or heterodimers , STAT5-STATX , with other STAT proteins . The SH2 domains of the STAT5 proteins are once again used for this dimerization . STAT5 can also form homo-tetramers , usually in concert with the histone methyltransferase EZH2 , and act as a transcriptional repressor .
In the activation pathway illustrated to the left , the ligand involved is a cytokine and the specific kinase taking part in activation is JAK . The dimerized STAT5 represents the active form of the protein , which is ready for translocation into the nucleus .
Once in the nucleus , the dimers bind to STAT5 response elements , inducing transcription of specific sets of genes . Upregulation of gene expression by STAT5 dimers has been observed for genes dealing with :
controlled cell growth and division , or cell proliferation
programmed cell death , or apoptosis
cell specialization , or differentiation and
inflammation .
Activated STAT5 dimers are , however , short-lived and the dimers are made to undergo rapid deactivation . Deactivation may be carried out by a direct pathway , removing the phosphate groups using phosphatases like PIAS or SHP-2 for example , or by an indirect pathway , which involves reducing cytokine signalling .
STAT5 and cancer
STAT5 has been found to be constitutively phosphorylated in cancer cells , implying that the protein is always present in its active form . This constant activation is brought about either by mutations or by aberrant expressions of cell signalling , resulting in poor regulation , or complete lack of control , of the activation of transcription for genes influenced by STAT5 . This leads to constant and increased expression of these genes . For example , mutations may lead to increased expression of anti-apoptotic genes , the products of which actively prevent cell death . The constant presence of these products preserve the cell in spite of it having become cancerous , causing the cell to eventually become malignant .
Treatment approaches
Attempts at treatment for cancer cells with constitutively phosphorylated STAT5 have included both indirect and direct inhibition of STAT5 activity . While more medicinal work has been done in indirect inhibition , this approach can lead to increased toxicity in cells and can also result in non-specific effects , both of which are better handled by direct inhibition .
Indirect inhibition targets kinases associated with STAT5 , or targets proteases that carry out terminal truncation of proteins . Different inhibitors have been designed to target different kinases :
inhibition of BCR/ABl constitutes the basis of the functioning of drugs like imatinib
inhibition of FLT3 is carried out by drugs like lestaurtinib
inhibition of JAK2 is carried out by the drug CYT387 , which was successful in preclinical trials and is currently undergoing clinical trials .
Direct inhibition of STAT5 activity makes use of small molecule inhibitors that prevent STAT5 from properly binding to DNA , or prevent proper dimerization . The inhibiting of DNA binding utilizes RNA interference , antisense oligodeoxynucleotide , and short hairpin RNA . The inhibition of proper dimerization , on the other hand , is brought about by the use of small molecules that target the SH2 domain . Recent work on drug development in the latter field have proved particularly effective .
References
Gene expression
Immune system
Proteins
Transcription factors
Signal transduction
Vanderburgh County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana . As of 2010 , the population was 179,703 . The county seat is in Evansville . While Vanderburgh County was the seventh-largest county in 2010 population with 179,703 people , it is also the eighth-smallest county in area in Indiana and the smallest in southwestern Indiana , covering only . In 2019 , the population was 181,451 .
Vanderburgh County forms the core of the Evansville metropolitan statistical area .
History
Vanderburgh County was formed on January 7 , 1818 , from Gibson , Posey , and Warrick counties . It was named for Captain Henry Vanderburgh , Revolutionary War veteran and judge for the Indiana Territory .
Geography
According to the 2010 census , the county has an area of , of which ( or 98.79 % ) is land and ( or 1.21 % ) is water .
Regional
Illinois–Indiana–Kentucky tri-state area
Southwestern Indiana
Adjacent counties
Cities and towns
Census-designated places
Unincorporated towns
Townships
( 2000 Population )
Major highways
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in Evansville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May .
Government
The county government is a constitutional body , and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana , and by the Indiana Code .
County Council : The county council is the fiscal branch of the county government that has the legislative responsibilities for the spending and revenue collection in the county . Four representatives are elected from county districts and three are elected at-large by the entire county . The council members serve four-year terms . They are responsible for setting salaries , the annual budget , and special spending . The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes , in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval , excise taxes , and service taxes .
Board of Commissioners : The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners . The commissioners are elected county-wide but must live within the district of the seat they hold , in staggered terms , and each serves a four-year term . One of the commissioners , typically the most senior , serves as president . The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council , collecting revenue , and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government .
Court : The county has eight state trial courts of original jurisdiction . One circuit court and seven superior courts . The judges offices are non-partisan with terms of six years . A judge must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association . The judges are assisted by magistrates that are appointed . circuit court .
County Officials : The county has several other elected offices , including sheriff , coroner , auditor , treasurer , recorder , surveyor , and circuit court clerk . Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government . Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county .
Vanderburgh County is generally a Republican-leaning swing county in presidential elections . Only two Democratic candidates - George McGovern in 1972 and Hillary Clinton in 2016 - have failed to won 40 percent of the county 's vote since 1928 . The city of Evansville itself is a swing city ; it voted for Donald Trump in 2016 by 4 points , and four years later for Joe Biden , also by 4 points . In 2020 , former Evansville mayor Jonathan Weinzapfel ( a Democrat ) carried the county in their bid for the office of Attorney General but lost statewide .
The county is located in the 8th congressional district , which was notoriously dubbed `` The Bloody Eighth '' because of its tendency to oust incumbents from both parties - since 1933 , no Congressman has represented the district longer than 12 years in a row .
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 179,703 people , 74,454 households , and 45,118 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 83,003 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 86.2 % white , 9.1 % black or African American , 1.1 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 0.1 % Pacific islander , 1.0 % from other races , and 2.3 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.2 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 32.3 % were German , 18.3 % were American , 11.7 % were Irish , and 9.4 % were English .
Of the 74,454 households , 28.9 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 42.9 % were married couples living together , 13.1 % had a female householder with no husband present , 39.4 % were non-families , and 32.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.93 . The median age was 37.5 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 47,697 and the median income for a family was $ 57,076 . Males had a median income of $ 42,663 versus $ 31,037 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 23,945 . About 10.7 % of families and 15.6 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 22.4 % of those under age 18 and 7.7 % of those age 65 or over .
Education
The entire county is in the Evansville-Vanderburgh School Corporation .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Vanderburgh County , Indiana
References
External links
Official Vanderburgh County Website
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1818
Southwestern Indiana
Indiana counties on the Ohio River
Evansville metropolitan area
Chavenon ( ; ) is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne in central France .
History
The former name is Ecclesia de Cavenone , the name of a monastery which was destroyed in the French Revolution .
Population
Transportation
Gare de Chavenon
Government
The following table shows mayors of Chavenon .
Sights
Saint-Martin Church , which is a 12th-century building
Castle Montgeorges , which is a 16th-century building
Manor of Saint Hubertus , which is a 19th-century mansion and now a Russian orthodox monastery with a park drawn by the landscape gardener François-Marie Treyve .
Watermill of Veaux on the river Aumance ( the last one on this French river ) . The Aumance is a tributary of the Cher . This mill is on the Cassini map .
Manor of Sceauve , which is a former fief .
Personalities
Born in Chavenon :
Cécile Desliens ( 1853–1937 ) , painter
Marie Desliens ( 1856–1938 ) , painter
See also
Auvergne ( province ) , the historical independent county and later French province
Auvergne ( région ) , the modern-day administrative région , larger than the historical province of Auvergne , as it includes other provinces as Bourbonnais which historically were not part of Auvergne .
Bourbonnais
Portal : France
Portal : European Union
Communes of the Allier department
References
External links
Official site
Versailles national school of landscape architecture
Communes of Allier
Allier communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Begum Shehnaz Sheikh ( ) is a Pakistani Australian former politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan before their membership termination .
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 1988 Pakistani general election .
They were re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2002 Pakistani general election .
They were re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election . Them National Assembly membership was suspended in 2012 by the Supreme Court of Pakistan due to their Australian citizenship .
References
Living people
Australian people of Punjabi descent
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 1988–1990
Pakistan People 's Party MNAs
Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) MNAs
Punjabi people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Pakistani emigrants to Australia
Naturalised citizens of Australia
Expelled members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Oliden is a localidad and a small rural community in Brandsen Partido in Buenos Aires Province , Argentina .
Population
According to the 2001 census the population count was 198 .
Notes and references
External links
Coord and NASA , Google images
Oliden images
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Turkey was represented by Buket Bengisu and Grup Safir with the song `` Leylaklar Soldu Kalbinde '' .
Before Eurovision
25 . Eurovision Şarkı Yarışması Türkiye Finali
The final took place on 15 February 2002 at the TRT Studios in Ankara , hosted by Ömer Önder and Nazli Meltem Ersan . Five songs competed and the winner was determined by a ten-member jury , who all voted for Buket Bengisu and Grup Safir .
At Eurovision
On the night of the contest Buket Bengisu and Grup Safir performed 19th in the running order , following Germany and preceding Malta . At the close of the voting , `` Leylaklar Soldu Kalbinde '' had received 29 points , placing Turkey 16th out of 24 contestants .
Voting
References
2002
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002
Eurovision
Worb Castle is a castle in the municipality of Worb of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The Freiherr de Worvo was first mentioned in 1127 , a couple of years before the village appeared in the record . By the second half of the 13th century the Freiherr von Kien had inherited village , lands and Worb Castle . The family ruled over the Worb Herrschaft until 1336 when they became citizens of Bern and the territory came under Bernese authority . Over the following centuries several Bernese noble families ruled over the land and divided and recombined the Herrschaft .
The core of Worb Castle was built before 1130 . Initially it had a keep , great hall and a knight 's house . In 1469 and again in 1594 it was renovated and repaired . In 1643 a new residential wing was added to the castle . A new ornate manor house was built near the old castle in 1734 by the son of Christoph von Graffenried , Franz Ludwig von Graffenried . This new estate was known as Neuworb but was also called the Neuschloss or New Castle . The two estates were acquired by the Goumoëns-Sinner family in 1846 . In 1964 the Seelhofer family bought the old castle while the New Castle was bought in 1985 by the von Graffenried family .
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Hochjuvalt Castle ( also Niderjuvalt or Ausser-Juvalt ) is a castle in the municipality of Rothenbrunnen of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland . It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance .
History
The castle consists of two sections , the upper castle on a rocky spur above the valley and the lower castle along the trade road on the valley floor . The spur created a natural pinch point in the valley , forcing traffic from the Septimer , Splügen and San Bernardino Passes to pass through the customs post in the lower castle . The von Juvalt family first appears in records in 1140 and the castle is first mentioned in 1149 . The von Juvalt family were vassals of the Bishop of Chur and had estates from Feldis/Veulden to Scharans . Around 1250 they built Innerjuvalt Castle about south-east of Hochjuvalt to improve their control over the area .
By the 14th century the castle passed , probably through inheritance , to the Rietberg family . Following the death of the last male heir , Johann von Reitberg , in 1349 the castle was supposed to pass to their relative , the Freiherr von Landenberg . However , the Bishop of Chur claimed Hochjuvalt as well as other Reitberg estates in the region . In 1352 the Bishop forced the Landenbergs to sign away their claims to the castle . Another claimant , the Freiherr of Lumbrein agreed to drop their claims for 250 gulden . Over the following century , the Bishops used the castle and its estates as collateral for loans from a number of wealthy families . In 1451 a war broke out between the residents of the Schams valley and Counts of Werdenberg-Sargans . Several castles in the area were partially destroyed in the war , though it is unknown if Hochjuvalt was one of them . It was last granted to Eberhard Ringg von Baldenstein in 1454 , though its condition was not recorded . By 1500 the castle was completely abandoned and around 1550 was described as a ruin .
During World War II the site was reoccupied and fortified . In 1940 guns were emplaced near the old upper castle and tank barriers were added around the lower .
In 2011-12 the castle was reinforced and repaired and a new footpath was added to the upper castle .
Castle site
The oldest part of the castle is the residence tower high above the valley . Most of three sides of the tower have collapsed , leaving an `` L '' shaped five story wall still standing . The castle was surrounded by a ring wall that probably enclosed the entire top of the spur . Today only a few traces of this wall remain . The castle was protected by two ditches on the mountain side of the spur .
The lower castle stretches between the base of the spur and the river banks . There are three doors in the wall , one toward Chur , one toward the Viamala road and one toward the Rhine river . Inside the wall , the only remaining building is a tower in the south-west corner . The foundations of a similar tower are visible in north-west corner .
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Castles in Graubünden
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
The Ў Gallery ( Y Gallery ) ( - Gallery Short U ) was an art gallery of contemporary art located in Minsk , the capital of Belarus . The Gallery Ў consised of the exhibition space , wine bar Ў , design-shop and Literary House Logvinov .
History
The gallery was opened in October 2009 .
In 2010 the gallery launched the project START . The projects ' aim is to promote young Belarusian artists by organizing their solo exhibitions and public discussions .
Since the opening , the gallery has hosted more than 120 various exhibitions and expositions in gallery 's building . Most of them are group and solo exhibitions of Belarusian artists . Also , the Ў Gallery has held 14 exhibitions abroad in such places as Vilnius ( Lithuania ) , Poznan ( Poland ) , Lublin ( Poland ) , Moscow ( Russia ) , and Stockholm ( Sweden ) .
In 2020 , the co-owner and creator of the gallery , Aliaksandr Vasilievič , became a political prisoner . They and their partners sold their stakes in the gallery ( and the bar associated with it ) , but not the Ў gallery and Ў bar brands . They new owners decided to develop the space under the name Вершы ( Vieršy , literally 'poems ' ) .
Origin of the name
The gallery 's name derives from the Belarusian character « Ў » , which distinguishes the Belarusian alphabet from other alphabets in the East Slavic group .
Sales of works
In the gallery , there was an opportunity to buy various types of pictures and sculptures by modern Belarusian artists .
Awards
The Y Gallery won the `` Best Foreign Gallery award on the annual art fair ArtVilnius in 2011 and 2016 .
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Minsk
Art museums and galleries in Belarus
Richard Mitford ( died 1407 ) was an English bishop of Chichester from 17 November 1389 , consecrated on 10 April 1390 , and then bishop of Salisbury . They were translated to the see of Salisbury on 25 October 1395 .
Early records
The earliest record of them is `` Richard Medeford of Hakebourne , clerk '' in 1349 . The cartulary of Cirencester Abbey records the Metfords of Hakebourne ( modern name East Hagbourne , Berks . ) as a leading freeman tenant family of the village . Their name appears as `` Metford '' in their own household accounts and as `` Medford '' in the Register of John Chandler , who was Dean of Salisbury Cathedral during much of Mitford 's episcopacy . Mitford , as revealed by bequests in their own and their brother Walter 's wills , had three brothers and four sisters . They spent much of their life at the royal court , starting probably as a chorister in the Chapel Royal and continuing as a clerk of the household under Edward III . Their training during their time as a Fellow at Kings Hall , Cambridge from 1352 to 1374 prepared them for service in the royal bureaucracy , where they eventually rose to become Secretary of the King 's Chamber to Richard II ( 1385 to 1388 ) . They were a Canon of Windsor from 1375 to 1390 .
Senior household members of Richard II were politically important , and their position gave Mitford considerable influence . They were one of the members of the royal household arrested by the `` Lords Appellant '' in late 1387 for treason , and was imprisoned first in Bristol Castle and then in the Tower of London . However , they were eventually released without penalty .
From 1385 to 1390 they were Archdeacon of Norfolk . In 1389 , Mitford was elected to be Bishop of St David 's but was rejected by the Pope .
While Bishop of Salisbury , Mitford spent much of their time at one or another of their episcopal manors , and by chance the household accounts survive of their stay at Potterne , near Devizes , for the last seven months of their life . These give day-by-day records of members of their household and their visitors , the amounts and prices of the food provided for everyday meals as well as the feasts given at Christmas , and even at their own funeral . Such details as their charitable gifts , the fee for their doctor and how much serecloth was provided for their funeral are also included .
The figure of a bishop labelled with Mitford 's name appears in the illustrations of the Sherborne Missal . They were a patron of Henry Chichele , who acted as lawyer for him .
Appointments
A summary of their appointments is :
Rector of Stoke Edith 1361
Rector of Worlingworth 1361
Rector of Sybeston 1371
Rector of Wittersham 1381
Dean of the Chapel Royal
Rector of St Magnus-the-Martyr , London Bridge
Prebendary of Hastings 1384
Prior of Holyhead 1384
Dean of St Martin-le-Grand 1385–1389
Archdeacon of Norfolk 1385
Prebendary of Chichester 1385
Prebendary of Wilton 1385
Prebendary of Marsham in York 1386
Prebendary of Wells 1386
Bishop of Chichester 1390
Bishop of Salisbury 1395
Mitford died 3 May 1407 , and was buried in the south transept of Salisbury Cathedral , where their tomb survives .
References
Notes
Citations
Sources
Mitford , Richard
14th-century English Roman Catholic bishops
15th-century English Roman Catholic bishops
Archdeacons of Norfolk
Bishops of Chichester
Bishops of Salisbury
Canons of Windsor
Richard
Year of birth unknown
People from East Hagbourne
Kunlong Township is a township of Lashio District ( formerly part of Kunlong District ) in Shan State , Burma . The main town is Kunlong , located by the Salween River .
Further reading
Myanmar States/Divisions & Townships Overview Map
References
Townships of Shan State
Rolf Aggestam ( 21 December 1941 – 27 December 2020 ) was a Swedish poet , writer and translator . Aggestam was born in Stockholm . Their first poetry collection was published in 1973 , Ditt hjärta är ett rött tåg . They made their debut as a prose writer in 1994 . They drew their inspiration from Dylan Thomas and Walt Whitman . Aggestam translated the works of the latter .
Aggestam studied at the University of Lund in the 1960s . They were an editor of the magazine Lyrikvännen in the years 1973–1977 , and also an editor of the literary calendar Halifax with Katarina Frostenson from 1987-96 . Aggestam received several prizes for their poetry , among others : Sveriges Radios lyrikpris , Eyvind Johnson-priset and Gerard Bonniers lyrikpris .
Bibliography
1973 – Ditt hjärta är ett rött tåg
1975 – Glimmer
1979 – Rost
1980 – Häpp , hopp
1986 – Med handen om pennan
1992 – Foder
1994 – Niagara !
1998 – Att flå en blixt
2003 – I detta ögonblick
Awards
1986 – Sveriges Radios Lyrikpris
1994 – Beskowska resestipendiet
1995 – Eyvind Johnsonpriset
1997 – De Nios Vinterpris
1999 – Gerard Bonniers lyrikpris
2018 – Aspenströmpriset
2018 – Karl Vennbergs pris
References
1941 births
2020 deaths
21st-century translators
Swedish male poets
21st-century Swedish poets
20th-century translators
20th-century Swedish poets
Swedish translators
English–Swedish translators
Swedish editors
Lund University alumni
Swedish magazine editors
20th-century Swedish male writers
Writers from Stockholm
André Delcroix ( born 20 September 1953 ) is a Belgian former racing cyclist . They won the Tour de Pologne in 1974 .
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
People from Hoogstraten
Cyclists from Antwerp Province
The Punjabi Mexican American community , the majority of which is localized to Yuba City , California , is a distinctive cultural phenomenon holding its roots in a migration pattern that occurred almost a century ago . The first meeting of these cultures occurred in the Imperial and Central Valleys in 1907 , near the largest irrigation system in the Western hemisphere .
Punjabi immigration
For decades in the early 20th century , Punjabi farming families sent their sons out of Punjab to earn money . Intending to return to the Indian state of Punjab , only a handful of men brought their wives and families . In the United States , however , due to changed immigration laws it was not possible for the families of Punjabi workers to join them . Beyond this , poor wages and working conditions convinced the Punjabi workers to pool their resources , lease land and grow their own crops , thereby establishing themselves in the newly budding farming economy of northern California .
Mexican immigration
Almost one million Mexican immigrants began entering America in the 1910s , shortly after the Mexican Revolution , with a large percentage arriving in families . A small number of these families picked cotton in fields farmed by Punjabi men . The Punjabi men are thought to have chosen women of Mexican ancestry for many reasons . Mexican women were considered brown , as were the Punjabi men ; interracial marriage bans in California prevented Punjabis from marrying Black or White women but allowed them to marry Mexican women . Mexican women , much like the women of Punjab , covered their heads and bodies to protect themselves from the blazing sun while working in the fields . Mexicans and Punjabis shared a rural way of life , with similar types of food and family values , and thus maintained a similar material and social culture . Mexicans and Indians shared an initially lower class status in American society .
Intermarriage
Punjabi men married Mexican women laborers and there were eventually almost four hundred of these biethnic couples clustered in California 's agricultural valleys . Although the majority of these intermarriages happened in northern-central California in the Central Valley , in areas such as Yuba City , Stockton , or Sacramento , Punjabi-Mexican marriages occurred as far away as New Mexico , Nevada , Utah , Arizona , or El Paso , Texas . Husbands and wives spoke to each other in rudimentary English or Spanish . The men tended to be older , in their late thirties or forties , and the women in their early twenties . Punjabi men learned Spanish to communicate with Mexican agricultural laborers and to speak to their wives . Some Punjabi men adopted Spanish names or nicknames : Miguel for Maghar , Andrés for Inder .
The aspects of Punjabi culture fathers transmitted to their wives and children included that of food and funerary practices . Cooking in the home drew from both Mexican and Punjabi cuisines and the men taught their wives to cook chicken curry , roti , and various vegetable curries . For example , the Rasul family in Yuba City ran the El Ranchero restaurant , the only Mexican restaurant in California ( before closing in 1993 ) that featured chicken curry and roti . Another important retention of Punjabi culture was the disposition of the body upon death . The Hindus and Sikhs insisted upon cremation , then uncommon in North America , and Muslims carried out orthodox burial ceremonies for each other ( though the plots in which they are buried in rural California have since been misnamed `` Hindu plots '' ) . The wives were buried in the Mexican Catholic section of local cemeteries , as were the children .
Notable people
Mike Mohamed ( b . 1988 ) , American football linebacker
See also
Indian immigration to Mexico
Asian Latin Americans
Other merged inter-ethnic/racial groups in North America
Cherokee Freedmen Controversy ( African-American Cherokees )
Chindians ( of mixed Chinese and Indian ancestry )
Hapa ( of commonly Native Hawaiian/Asian American descent )
Irish Quebecers ( French speaking Canadians of Irish descent )
Métis ( Native-American/English or French descent )
References
Further reading
External links
Article on Punjabi-Mexicans
Indian-American culture in California
Mexican-American culture in California
Chicano
Indian diaspora in the United States
Pakistani diaspora in the United States
Indian American
Mexican American
Pakistani-American history
Central Valley ( California )
Mexican
`` Locking Up the Sun '' is the fourth track of the album Carnival of Rust by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall . A single version of the song has been released in Finland on 29 November 2006 . It includes the title track , a remix entitled `` The Absolution '' done by Captain and the music video directed by Tuomas `` stObe '' Harju , who shot two of the band 's previous clips , as well . The video started to be aired on Finnish television stations at the beginning of November 2006 . The single peaked at number three in the official Finnish single charts .
Track listing
`` Locking Up the Sun '' ( album version ) ( 03:57 )
`` The Absolution '' ( Locking Up the Sun Remix ) ( 04:54 )
Bonus : Locking Up the Sun music video
Nominations
Charts
References
External links
`` Locking Up the Sun '' lyrics
`` Locking Up the Sun '' video
The official website of Poets of the Fall
The official MySpace of Poets of the Fall ( contains a full version of `` Locking up the Sun '' to listen to )
Poets of the Fall songs
2006 singles
2006 songs
The following is a list of the monastic houses in Nottinghamshire , England .
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Medieval sites in England
Houses in Nottinghamshire
Nottinghamshire
Nottinghamshire
.
Lists of buildings and structures in Nottinghamshire
The bullhead minnow ( Pimephales vigilax ) is a species of freshwater demersal fish , native to the southern United States .
History
The bullhead minnow was first described by Spencer Baird and Charles Girard in 1853 .
Characteristics
The bullhead minnow is cylindrical and small in size , with an average length of 5.7 cm and a maximum length of 9.2 cm . The males of the species are dark in color , brown , olive , or tan , with two light colored vertical lines down their side , while the females are plain in comparison . The snout is rounded , and no teeth are present . The tail is forked with rounded ends , the single dorsal fin contains eight rays and no spine , the anal fin contains seven rays with no spine , pelvic fins are abdominal and no adipose fin is present .
Distribution
The bullhead minnow is mainly located in the southern United States , in the Gulf Coast of the United States and Mississippi River Basin . It can be found in less majority throughout the entire Mississippi River , as well as connected brooks , streams , ponds , lakes , and rivers . They are found more often in waters that typically have little to no movement , such as in river pools . It is one of the 324 fish species found in Tennessee . They have been introduced Osage River and Kansas River systems in Kansas , to the Missouri in Nebraska , the Rio Grande in New Mexico , Lake St Marys in Ohio , the James drainage in South Dakota , the Red River , Canadian River and Rio Grande in Texas and to the upper Fox River and possibly the Menomonee River in Wisconsin . They were probably introduced to these areas as bait fish carried by anglers . It has also been introduced to Utah where it occurs in two closed drainages within the Great Basin , that of the Sevier River and of Lake Utah , it seems to have been introduced here accidentally in releases of channel catfish ( Ictalurus punctatus ) imported from Texas in the 1950s .
Biology
The spawning season extends from the middle of May through early September . They reproduce in an egg-clustering fashion . For a mating location , the males build a nest , normally protected by rocks , tree roots or limbs , or boards , The female lays eggs in the nest , and the male guards the eggs throughout spawning . There is currently no known age of maturation for this fish . They live an average of three to five years . They are a bottom-living species , and feed on organisms found in the mud covering the ground .
References
Pimephales
Freshwater fish of the United States
Fish described in 1853
Taxa named by Spencer Fullerton Baird
Gerhard Marx ( born 1976 ) is a South African artist .
Biography
Born in 1976 , they completed their master 's degree in Fine Arts cum laude at the University of Cape Town in 2004 . They have worked with well-known artists such as William Kentridge and the Handspring Puppet Company
They currently teach at the University of the Witwatersrand , in Johannesburg .
Works
The theatre piece Tshepang ( Gerhard Marx - co director , Lara Foot-Newton – director ) was chosen as one of the twelve feature film projects for January 2007 Screenwriters Lab by the Sundance Institute .
The play “ Hear and Now ” was presented at the Baxter Theatre Centre during 2005 .
Controversy
According to Art News South Africa of April 2006 , Marx considered legal action against BMW shortly after an ad campaign created by agency Ireland-Davenport allegedly infringed on their copyright . Art News South Africa reproduced both the controversial ad – removed from circulation after a short run , and a close-up of Marx 's work . Their agent , Warren Siebrits had already confirmed in March 2006 that Marx will be represented by the copyright lawyer Owen Dean , better known for The Lion Sleeps Tonight case .
References
1976 births
Living people
South African artists
Michaelis School of Fine Art alumni
Pacific Pathways is a program run by United States Army Pacific ( USARPAC ) and carried out by I Corps with the goal of expanding the Army 's engagement in the Pacific region and reducing costs . It involves linking multiple military exercises together to create a `` Pathway '' . The concept of the program was first created by General Vincent K. Brooks in 2014 . Previous Pathways have included exercises in Australia , Fiji , Indonesia , Japan , Malaysia , Mongolia , Palau , the Philippines , South Korea , Thailand , and the United States .
History
2014
From August to November , one Pathway was completed as a proof of concept . About 820 personnel from the 2-2 Stryker Brigade Combat Team were sent to complete three exercises , including Keris Strike in Malaysia , Garuda Shield in Indonesia , and Orient Shield in Japan .
2015
In 2015 , three Pathways were completed , numbered 15-1 , 15-2 , and 15-3 .
From January to May , about 880 personnel from the 2-25 Stryker Brigade Combat Team completed three exercises for Pathway 15-1 , including Cobra Gold in Thailand , Foal Eagle in South Korea , and Balikatan in the Philippines .
From June to October , the 3-25 Stryker Brigade Combat Team sent about 840 personnel to complete three exercises , including Hamel in Australia , Garuda Shield in Indonesia , and Keris Strike in Malaysia . Garuda Shield and Keris Strike were also completed in 2014 .
In June and July , about 420 personnel from the 1-25 Stryker Brigade Combat Team completed three exercises for Pathway 15-3 , including Khan Quest in Mongolia , Orient Shield in Japan , and Hoguk in South Korea .
2016
In 2016 , Pathways 16-1 , 16-2 , and 16-3 were completed to increase Army readiness , increase Joint and interagency access and expand regional ally and partner collaboration and interoperability .
From December 2015 to May 2016 , about 835 personnel from the 1-2 Stryker Brigade Combat Team completed three exercises , including the Cobra Gold exercise in Thailand , the Foal Eagle exercise in South Korea , and the Balikatan exercise in the Philippines .
During the months of May to September , about 700 personnel from the 2-2 Stryker Brigade Combat Team completed four different exercises , including the Hanuman Guardian exercise in Thailand , the Salaknib exercise in the Philippines , the Garuda Shield exercise in Indonesia , and the Keris Strike exercise in Malaysia .
From July to September , four exercises were completed , including the Tiger Balm exercise in Hawaii , United States , the Arctic Anvil exercise in Alaska , United States , the Orient Shield exercise in Japan , and the Rising Thunder exercise in Washington , United States . Tiger Balm , Arctic Anvil , and Rising Thunder were `` Reverse Pathways , '' meaning that instead of the U.S. Army traveling abroad , the Singapore Army , Canadian Army , and the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force visited the United States .
2017
In 2017 , three Pathways ( 17-1 , 17-2 , and 17-3 ) were completed .
From February to May , three exercises were repeated from Pathways 15-1 and 16-1 , including the Cobra Gold exercise in Thailand , the Foal Eagle exercise in South Korea , and the Balikatan exercise in the Philippines .
During the months of July to September , three exercises were completed , including the Tiger Balm exercise in Singapore , the Keris Strike exercise in Malaysia , and the Garuda Shield exercise in Indonesia .
From July to September , four exercises were completed , including the Talisman Saber exercise in Australia , the Hanuman Guardian exercise in Thailand , the Orient Shield exercise in Japan , and the Rising Thunder exercise in Washington , United States ( Reverse Pathway ) .
2018
Three Pathways were completed during the year of 2018 . They were Pathways 18-1 , 18-2 , and 18-3 .
Between February and May , three exercises were completed , including the Cobra Gold exercise in Thailand , the Key Resolve exercise in the Republic of Korea , and the Balikatan exercise in the Philippines .
From June to September , five exercises were completed , including the Hamel exercise in Australia , the Garuda Shield exercise in Indonesia , the Orient Shield exercise in Japan , the Keris Strike exercise in Malaysia , and the Hanuman Guardian exercise in Thailand . This Pacific Pathway was the first Army National Guard-led Pathway , conducted by the 76th IBCT from the Indiana Army National Guard , the 96th Troop Command from the Washington Army National Guard , and the 116th CBCT from the Idaho National Guard .
From May to September , four exercises were completed , including the Tiger Balm exercise in Hawaii , United States ( Reverse Pathway with the Singapore Army ) , the RIMPAC ( Rim of the Pacific ) exercise in Hawaii , United States , the Valiant Shield exercise in Guam , and the Rising Thunder exercise in Washington , United States ( Reverse Pathway with the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force ) . Two of these exercises were Reverse Pathways , and the other two were traditionally naval exercises that the United States Army joined in through the Multi-Domain Task Force ( or MDTF ) led by 17FAB as a part of the Army 's pilot program for multi-domain operations .
2019
Three Pathways were completed in 2019 to include an extended presence Pathway , an MDTF Pathway , and a total force Pathway .
From January to May , five exercises were completed , including the Hanuman Guardian exercise in Thailand , the Cobra Gold exercise in Thailand , the Salaknib exercise in the Philippines , the Balikatan exercise in the Philippines , and the Palau exercise in Palau .
The 19-1 Pathway was the first extended presence in a priority nation , with four months in the Philippines . 19-1 also was the first dynamic force employment of the Pathways task force with a `` spoke '' to Palau from the Philippines . Pathway forces for 19-1 were provided by 25ID , 1-2SBCT , and 25CAB .
19-2 consisted of two exercises from July to September focused on the multi-domain task force led by 2 ID DIVARTY and 17 FAB . The exercises in 19-2 were the Talisman Saber exercise in Australia , which was officially launched on July 8 , 2019 on board the USS Ronald Reagan ( A Chinese Type 815G spy ship also watched over the exercise , seeming to gather information about the interactions between the participating militaries . ) and the Orient Shield exercise in Japan .
19-3 consisted of the Hamel exercise in Australia , a dynamic force employment to Fiji , the Garuda Shield exercise in Indonesia , the Tiger Bomb/Lightning Strike exercise in Singapore , and the Rising Thunder exercise in Washington , United States ( Reverse Pathway with the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force )
Forces for Pathway 19-3 were provided by 2-25IBCT , 16CAB , and 33IBCT from ILARNG .
Pacific Pathways 2.0
In October 2018 , General Robert Brooks Brown announced changes to the Pacific Pathways program to utilize the Pathways to compete with rivals in the Indo-Pacific area by spending longer time periods in priority nations to build deeper relationships . This design will mean that units will be in hubs in treaty nations for 4–6 months , and will be positioned west of the international date line . The Pathways forces will be able to also provide options to the INDOPACOM commander to assist partner nations in times of need or if needed to transition from competition to conflict .
References
External links
United States Army projects
Konrad Matuszewski ( born 4 October 2001 ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Warta Poznań .
Club career
On 15 July 2021 , they joined Ekstraklasa side Warta Poznań on a three-year deal .
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Legia Warsaw II players
Legia Warsaw players
Wigry Suwałki players
Odra Opole players
Warta Poznań players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
III liga players
People from Włoszczowa County
Global Ocean Ecosystem Dynamics ( GLOBEC ) is the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme ( IGBP ) core project responsible for understanding how global change will affect the abundance , diversity and productivity of marine populations . The programme was initiated by SCOR and the IOC of UNESCO in 1991 , to understand how global change will affect the abundance , diversity and productivity of marine populations comprising a major component of oceanic ecosystems .
The aim of GLOBEC is to advance our understanding of the structure and functioning of the global ocean ecosystem , its major subsystems , and its response to physical forcing so that a capability can be developed to forecast the responses of the marine ecosystem to global change .
Structure
GLOBEC encompasses an integrated suite of research activities consisting of Regional Programmes , National Activities and cross-cutting research focal activities . The GLOBEC programme has been developed by the Scientific Steering Committee ( SSC ) and is co-ordinated through the GLOBEC International Project Office ( IPO ) .
Regional Programmes :
Ecosystem Structure of Subarctic Seas ( ESSAS )
CLimate Impacts on Oceanic TOp Predators ( CLIOTOP )
ICES Cod and Climate Change ( CCC )
PICES Climate Change and Carrying Capacity ( CCCC )
Southern Ocean GLOBEC ( SO GLOBEC )
Small Pelagic Fish and Climate Change ( SPACC )
National Programmes :
GLOBEC has several active national programmes and scientists from nearly 30 countries participate in GLOBEC activities on a national or regional level .
Focus Working Groups :
There are four GLOBEC cross-cutting research focal activities :
Focus 1 . Retrospective analysis
Focus 2 . Process studies
Focus 3 . Prediction and modelling
Focus 4 . Feedback from ecosystem changes
Publications
GLOBEC produces a report series , special contributions series and a biannual newsletter , all of which can be downloaded from the GLOBEC website . GLOBEC science has contributed to over 2000 refereed scientific publications which can be searched from a database on the GLOBEC website .
Recent GLOBEC Reports :
GLOBEC Report No.22 : Report of a GLOBEC/SPACC meeting on small pelagic fish spawning habitat dynamics and the daily egg production method ( DEPM ) , 14–16 January 2004 , Concepcion , Chile .
GLOBEC Report No.21 : Report of a GLOBEC/SPACC workshop on small pelagic fish spawning habitat dynamics and the daily egg production method ( DEPM ) , 12–13 January 2004 , Concepcion , Chile .
GLOBEC Report No.20 : Background on the climatology , physical oceanography and ecosystems of the sub-Arctic seas . Appendix to the ESSAS Science Plan .
GLOBEC Report No.19 : Ecosystem Studies of Sub-Arctic Seas ( ESSAS ) Science Plan .
GLOBEC Report No.18 : CLimate Impacts on Oceanic TOp Predators ( CLIOTOP ) Science Plan and Implementation Strategy .
See also
Global Ocean Data Analysis Project ( GLODAP )
Joint Global Ocean Flux Study ( JGOFS )
World Ocean Atlas ( WOA )
World Ocean Circulation Experiment ( WOCE )
External links
GLOBEC website
Oceanography
Ecological experiments
Biology organizations
Fisheries and aquaculture research institutes
Hongren ( , 601–674 ) , posthumous name Daman , was the 5th Patriarch of Chan Buddhism ( Chinese : 禅宗五祖 ) .
Hongren is said to have received Dharma transmission from Dayi Daoxin and passed on the symbolic bowl and robe of transmission to Huineng , the Sixth and last Chan Patriarch .
Biography
As with all the early Chan patriarchs , many of the details of Hongren 's life are uncertain and much of their biography is layered with legend added well after their death . The following biography is based on Chan traditional sources .
Childhood
Hongren was born in Huangmei with the family name Chou . Their father abandoned the family but Hongren displayed exemplary filial duty in supporting their mother .
Although the Records of the Teachers and Disciples of the Lankavatara claim that Hongren 's father abandoned the family , Chan scholar John McRae points out that Hongren 's residence was converted to a monastery , implying that Hongren 's family was probably wealthy and prominent locally . Furthermore , mention of Hongren doing menial labour would only be of significance if this were unusual , indicating that Hongren was of upper-class birth .
Chán-studies under Daoxin
At the age of either seven or twelve , Hongren left home to become a monk and began their studies under Daoxin , who , according to tradition , immediately recognized their insight :
Daoxin met Hongren on a road in Huangmei . Daoxin asked theirs name .
Hongren replied , “ I have essence but it is not a common name . ”
The Chan master asked , “ What name is it ? ”
Hongren said , “ It is the essence of Buddhahood . ”
Daoxin replied , “ Have you no name ? ”
Hongren said , “ None , because essence is empty . ”
With this , Daoxin passed on the teaching and the robe ( making Hongren the next Patriarch of Chan ) .
The Ch'üan fa pao chi ( Annals of the Transmission of the Dharma-treasure ) , written approximately 712 , says that Hongren was quiet and withdrawn , diligent in their menial labors , and sat in meditation throughout the night . They “ never looked at the Buddhist scriptures ” but understood everything they heard . After some ten years of teaching , the record claims that “ eight or nine of every ten ordained and lay aspirants in the country had studied under him . ”
Hongren stayed with Daoxin until the latter 's death in 651 . Presumably , they were with Daoxin when the master was at Ta-lin ssu on Mount Lou and followed them to Mount Shuangfeng , one of the “ twin peaks ” of Huangmei .
Teachings
East mountain Teaching
Hongren was significant in the development of early Chinese Chan .
The teachings of both Daoxin and Hongren became known as the “ East Mountain Teachings ” , but Hongren was the more prominent of the two .
Later tradition has it that Hongren , after Daoxin 's death , moved the community of monks to the East Peak , the easterly of the “ Twin Peaks ” . The teachings of Daoxin and Hongren became known as the East Mountain Teaching .
The East Mountain Teachings were seen as the “ authentic ” Chan Buddhist teachings as promoted by Hongren 's student , Yuquan Shenxiu ( 606 ? -706 ) , the most prominent Buddhist monk of their time . Hongren 's significance can be noted by the fact that a compilation of their teachings , presumably shortly after their death , the Treatise on the Essentials of Cultivating the Mind , ( ) is the earliest collection of the teachings of a Chan master .
Meditation practice
Although Hongren 's students included Vinaya specialists , sutra translators , and Huayan and Pure Land devotees , Hongren 's teaching focused on meditation practice . According to the Treatise on the Essentials of Cultivating the Mind , Hongren 's basic teaching was that the Pure Mind was obscured by “ discriminating thinking , false thoughts , and ascriptive views. ” Eliminating false thoughts and maintaining a constant awareness of one 's natural enlightenment ensures Nirvana naturally arises .
Two meditation techniques are specifically mentioned in the Treatise . Hongren is said to have instructed , `` Look to where the horizon disappears beyond the sky and behold the figure one . … It is good for those beginning to sit in meditation , when they find their mind distracted , to focus their mind on the figure one . '' The Chinese character for `` one '' is a single horizontal line , resembling a horizon , and metaphorically represents the unity of the mind and Buddha nature .
They also taught that the meditator should observe the mental processes within : `` View your own consciousness tranquilly and attentively , so that you can see how it is always moving , like flowing water or a glittering mirage . …until its fluctuations dissolve into peaceful stability . This flowing consciousness will disappear like a gust of wind . When this consciousness disappears , all one 's illusions will disappear along with it . ''
Influence
Hongren was held in high esteem by later Chan-adepts in the ancient capital cities of Chang'an and Luoyang in the early eighth century , when Chan moved from a rural base to the centre of Chinese power , in the major urban areas and the imperial court .
Notes
References
Bibliography
601 births
674 deaths
5
Tang dynasty Buddhists
Chinese Zen Buddhists
People from Huangmei County
The Living Corpse ( ) is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Vladimir Vengerov .
Plot
Fyodor Protasov as a result of unwillingness to live dishonestly sinks to the bottom of society .
Cast
Aleksey Batalov as Fyodor Protasov ( Fedya )
Alla Demidova as Yelizaveta Andreyevna Protasova ( Liza )
Oleg Basilashvili as Viktor Mikhajlovich Karenin
Lidiya Shtykan as Anna Pavlovna
Sofiya Pilyavskaya as Anna Dmitrievna Karenina
Yevgeny Kuznetsov as Sergey Abrezkov
Svetlana Toma as Masha
Vsevolod Kuznetsov as Afremov
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1968 drama films
Raimo Aas ( born 18 June 1953 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian humorist .
Radio career
Raimo Aas performed together with Margus Lepa in the Sunday morning radio programme Meelejahutaja for several years .
Performance prohibition
Aas was subject to a six-month Soviet prohibition of public performance for singing , on the tune of Pust ' vsegda budet solnce ( Russian for `` May there always be sunshine '' ; ) , lyrics that can be translated as `` May there always be sunshine , may there always be smoked sausages '' . The performance was deemed as insulting to Soviet youth .
Awards
In 1999 , Raimo Aas was awarded the Meie Mats award for lifelong work in humour .
1953 births
Recipients of Meie Mats
Estonian humorists
Estonian radio personalities
Censorship in the Soviet Union
People from Tallinn
Living people
Tallinn University alumni
Flashback Records is a record label and a chain of independent record stores in London . It specializes in trading vinyl records with an emphasis on rare collectable records such as first pressings and hard to find releases . It also stocks new contemporary vinyl and has hosted live performances by Thurston Moore ( Sonic Youth ) as well as UK bands such as Mazes , Fair Ohs , Dead Coast , Virgin Kids , Veronica Falls and Shopping .
History
Flashback opened in 1997 with one shop in Essex Road . It originally sold vintage clothes in its basement and vinyl on the ground floor . In the year 2000 it divided into two separate shops on Essex Road opposite to each other . The original store on Essex Road then sold vinyl in the basement and CDs , VHS , DVDs and computer games on the ground floor . In 2006 Flashback Records acquired Listen , a record store at 144 Crouch Hill , Crouch End , London which was facing closure due to a fading vinyl market . In 2014 Flashback Records opened its third retail store in Shoreditch . In 2021 , Flashback 's Crouch End record shop relocated to a larger premise on 26 Topsfield Parade , Tottenham Lane , Crouch End . It has been voted one of the best shops in London by Time Out .
Label
Flashback Records has released material such as 'Levitation - Meanwhile Gardens ' which was originally recorded in 1992 and 1993 and completely re-mastered and finally released on 23 October 2015 . UK band Tolerance Manoeuvre released their debut LP on Flashback Records label on July 17 , 2015 . In 2020 , while buying in a record collection , Flashback 's owner Mark Burgess found a 7 '' acetate of an unreleased punk record that belonged to Chas Hines , the lead singer of Bona Rays who had sold in the record . Impressed by the quality of the track and its historical significance as one of the earliest records to feature a black female lead singer on a punk record , it was finally released on Flashback Records , over 40 years after it was recorded .
References
External links
Flashback Records - New vinyl & the best selection of used Records , CDs and DVDs in London
Flashback Records - New vinyl & the best selection of used Records , CDs and DVDs in London
Flashback Records
London 's best record shops
Thurston Moore , in store ( at Flashback Records ) . – Matablog
Retail companies established in 1997
Music retailers of the United Kingdom
Shops in London
Record labels based in London
The Politics of Emilia-Romagna , Italy takes place in a framework of a presidential representative democracy , whereby the President of Regional Government is the head of government , and of a pluriform multi-party system . Executive power is exercised by the Regional Government . Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Legislative Assembly .
The region has long been a stronghold of the Italian Communist Party and its successors , from the Democratic Party of the Left to the present-day Democratic Party , and is part of the so-called `` Red belt '' , along with Tuscany , Marche and Umbria .
Executive branch
The Regional Government ( Giunta Regionale ) is presided by the President of the Region ( Presidente della Regione ) , who is elected for a five-year term , and is composed by the President , the Ministers ( Assessori ) , who are currently 12 , including a vice president and one Under-Secretary for in President 's office .
List of presidents
Legislative branch
The Legislative Assembly of Emilia-Romagna ( Assemblea Legislativa dell'Emilia-Romagna ) is composed of 50 members . 40 councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and open lists , while 10 councillors ( elected in bloc ) come from a `` regional list '' , including the President-elect . One seat is reserved for the candidate who comes second . If a coalition wins more than 50 % of the total seats in the council with PR , only 5 candidates from the regional list will be chosen and the number of those elected in provincial constituencies will be 45 . If the winning coalition receives less than 40 % of votes special seats are added to the council to ensure a large majority for the President 's coalition .
The council is elected for a five-year term , but , if the President suffers a vote of no confidence , resigns or dies , under the simul stabunt , simul cadent clause introduced in 1999 ( literally they will stand together or they will fall together ) , also the council is dissolved and a snap election is called .
Local government
Provinces
Emilia-Romagna is divided in nine provinces , which are a traditional form of local administration in the region .
Socialist and communist ideas had an early diffusion in quite all the provinces around World War I . After the Fascist parenthesis , left-wing parties found their strongholds in Emilia-Romagna , also known as the `` red region of Italy '' .
Municipalities
Tuscany is also divided in 331 comuni ( municipalities ) , which have even more history , having been established in the Middle Ages when they were the main places of government . 17 comuni ( 9 provincial capitals ) have more than 35,000 inhabitants .
Provincial capitals
Other municipalities with more than 35,000 inhabitants
Parties and elections
Latest regional election
In the latest regional election , which took place on 26 January 2020 , Stefano Bonaccini ( Democratic Party ) was re-elected President of Emilia-Romagna , despite a strong challenge posed by Lucia Borgonzoni ( Lega Nord Emilia–Romagna ) .
References
External links
Emilia-Romagna Region
Legislative Assembly of Emilia-Romagna
Constitution of Emilia-Romagna
Emilia-Romagna
Abdul Aziz Lutfi Akbar ( born 14 February 1994 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Liga 1 club Persib Bandung .
Club career
Early career
In January 2015 , Abdul Aziz joined the Futsal Super League team Libido FC Bandung . Abdul also played for in FKB ( Futsal Kota Bandung ) in 2013 .
Persiba Balikpapan
They made their debut against Arema Cronus in the first week of the 2016 season and made their first goal against Persegres Gresik United in the ninth week .
Borneo
In 2017 , Abdul Aziz signed a contract with Indonesian Liga 1 club Borneo . They made their league debut on 22 July 2017 in a match against Perseru Serui at the Segiri Stadium , Samarinda .
PSMS Medan
They were signed for PSMS Medan to play in Liga 1 in the 2018 season . Abdul Aziz made their debut on 24 March 2018 in a match against Bali United at the Kapten I Wayan Dipta Stadium , Gianyar .
Persib Bandung
In 2019 , Abdul Aziz signed a one-year contract with Indonesian Liga 1 club Persib Bandung . They made their debut on 23 June 2019 in a match against Madura United at the Si Jalak Harupat Stadium , Soreang .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Abdul Aziz Lutfi Akbar at Liga Indonesia
1994 births
Living people
Indonesian Muslims
Indonesian footballers
People from Bandung
Sportspeople from Bandung
Sportspeople from West Java
Persiba Balikpapan players
Borneo F.C . players
PSMS Medan players
Persib Bandung players
Liga 1 ( Indonesia ) players
Association football midfielders
Augustine H. Williams ( 1870 – October 14 , 1890 ) was an American baseball player who was a pitcher for the 1890 Brooklyn Gladiators in the American Association . They died the same year they made their major league appearances .
External links
1870 births
1890 deaths
Major League Baseball pitchers
19th-century baseball players
Brooklyn Gladiators players
Baseball players from New York ( state )
Jersey City Skeeters players
Burials at Calvary Cemetery ( Queens )
Nehru Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India . Constructed in 1971 , It is currently used mostly for football matches . The stadium has a capacity of 30,000 spectators . The stadium is the home ground of I-League club Chennai City FC .
Location
Located in the heart of Coimbatore , near V O Chidambaram Park , Nehru Stadium is a popular venue for football tournaments , cricket matches , and athletic meets . Famous matches that took place here are Santosh Trophy in the 1970s and 1990s .
Facilities
The stadium is equipped with floodlights for conducting day and night matches . It has also a 400 m athletic track with football/hockey field .
Provisions were also made for dressing rooms , conference hall , cloakrooms , bath facilities for players and athletes , a mini-hospital and many more . A tunnel was even planned from the main entrance to take the athletes to the stadium without disturbing the track events . Also , for the construction of indoor games hall , swimming pool , ticket booths , electronic scoreboard , canteen room , public telephone booth and press and telex-printer service rooms . But nothing came up because only commercial establishments made the best use of the stadium 's outer ring .
When constructed in 1971 , it was to reach a capacity of 45,000 people with 30,000 on the lower tier and further 15,000 on the second , mounted above . Unfortunately , the plan was never carried out completely , leaving the venue with single-tiered spectator terraces .
The only reminder of the plans is concrete blocks sticking out from the terracing throughout the perimeter of the ground . In three parts of the stadium – main stand and two curves – they were indeed used , but only to provide a roof over of spectators .
Renovation
No seats were installed despite Nehru Stadium having a significant renovation in 2008 . The ground is open for everyone and providing high-quality training facilities was given priority over event infrastructure .
The stadium was again renovated in 2017 by Chennai City FC , with grass turf and installed seats on main stands when they have chosen it as a home stadium . In 2017-18 , Chennai City Football Club renovated the Nehru Stadium , Coimbatore with new Pitch and also built new dressing rooms , broadcasting rooms , match official rooms , dope control rooms and medical rooms with necessary shower facilities and repaired all toilets and gates of the stadium .
Chennai City Football Club adopted the Nehru Stadium , Coimbatore . Most importantly Chennai City Football Club has given a new playable football stadium with all amenities to Tamilnadu and India to host national level matches . Chennai City has spent about Rs 3 crore in improving the infrastructure at Coimbatore , and they have re-laid the pitch with Bermuda grass that will vastly improve the playing surface .
See also
List of football stadiums in India
References
External links
Sporty India
Multi-purpose stadiums in India
Athletics ( track and field ) venues in India
Football venues in Tamil Nadu
Buildings and structures in Coimbatore
Sports venues in Tamil Nadu
Football in Tamil Nadu
Sport in Coimbatore
Sports venues in Coimbatore
1971 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Sports venues completed in 1971
Jody Freeman ( born 1964 ) is the Archibald Cox Professor at Harvard Law School and a leading expert on administrative law and environmental law . They served as Counselor for Energy and Climate Change in the Obama White House in 2009–2010 . They are a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , a Fellow of the American College of Environmental Lawyers , and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations . Freeman served as Counselor for Energy and Climate Change in the Obama White House in 2009–2010 .
Freeman is a leading scholar of both administrative law and environmental law , and has written extensively about climate change , environmental regulation and executive power . They are also known for their early work on `` collaborative governance , '' which helped to establish a field focused on public-private approaches to regulatory problems . They have served as a member of the Administrative Conference of the United States , an expert body that advises the federal government on how to improve the regulatory and administrative process .
Freeman is widely published in leading American law reviews and was named the second-most cited scholar in public law across the nation . They and Michael Gerrard published Climate Change and U.S. Law in 2015 , and they have produced two other significant books : Moving to Markets in Environmental Regulation , Lessons after Twenty Years of Experience ( 2006 , with economist Charles Kolstad ) and Government by Contract : Outsourcing and American Democracy ( 2009 , with Harvard Law School Dean Martha Minow ) . Freeman also co-authors a leading administrative law casebook . Them work has been published in several languages ; a volume of their administrative law articles was published in Chinese in 2010 .
In 2006 , Freeman authored an amicus brief on behalf of former United States Secretary of State Madeleine Albright in Massachusetts v. Environmental Protection Agency , the global warming case decided by the Supreme Court in 2007 ; in 2015 , they and their colleague Richard Lazarus co-authored an amicus brief on behalf of William D. Ruckelshaus and William K. Reilly , former Administrators of the Environmental Protection Agency , supporting the government in the litigation over the Obama administration 's Clean Power Plan .
Freeman grew up in Vancouver , British Columbia , and graduated from Stanford University ( B.A. , 1985 ) , where they majored in human biology and played varsity volleyball , the University of Toronto ( LL.B . 1989 ) , and Harvard Law School ( LL.M . 1991 ; SJD 1995 ) . In 1990–91 , they clerked at the Ontario Court of Appeal for a panel of judges including future Canadian Supreme Court Justice and UN High Commissioner Louise Arbour . From 1995 to 2005 , Freeman was a Professor of Law at UCLA , where they co-founded the Environmental Law Program and was an award-winning teacher . From 2001 to 2004 , Freeman also taught environmental law and served as Associate Dean for Law and Policy at the Bren School of Environmental Science & Management at UCSB .
In 2005 , Freeman joined the Harvard Law School faculty . They were one of a number of prominent hires made during Dean Elena Kagan 's tenure . In 2006 , they founded Harvard 's Environmental Law and Policy program , a legal `` think tank '' for climate and energy policy analysis , which also houses one of the nation 's leading environmental law clinics . They have been a visiting professor at Georgetown Law Center , New York University Law School , and Stanford Law School .
In the White House , Freeman led the Obama administration 's effort to double fuel efficiency standards , producing the historic agreement with the auto industry to set the nation 's first federal greenhouse gas standards , and launching a program of greenhouse gas regulation under the Clean Air Act . As a Deputy and Counselor to Carol Browner , Director of the new White House Office of Energy and Climate Change , Freeman also contributed to a variety of policy initiatives on American energy and climate change issues , including greenhouse gas regulation , energy efficiency , renewable energy , oil and gas drilling , and the design of comprehensive legislation to place a market-based cap on carbon . After leaving the administration , they served as an independent consultant to the President 's bipartisan Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill , advising on structural reforms to offshore drilling .
Freeman is an outside director of ConocoPhillips , one of the largest independent energy companies in the world . They chair the Board 's public policy committee and serves on its executive committee . Freeman is also a member of the advisory council of the Electric Power Research Institute , which advises the electricity sector on technology gaps and broader social needs that can be addressed through pioneering research . They consult regularly for government and non-governmental parties , advising on litigation and regulatory strategy . Professor Freeman has lectured broadly around the world , including at the Nobel Institute , and in Asia and Europe . They can be heard regularly on NPR and on various podcasts on public affairs , has appeared on CNN and MSNBC , and has written for The New York Times , Wall Street Journal , Guardian , Los Angeles Times , Politico , Vox and Foreign Affairs .
References
1964 births
American women lawyers
Harvard Law School alumni
Harvard Law School faculty
Living people
Stanford University alumni
University of Toronto alumni
Women legal scholars
American women academics
21st-century American women
Gianluca Sordo ( born 2 December 1969 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Club career
Sordo was born in Carrara , Tuscany . They made their professional debuts at not yet 18 with Torino FC , remaining seven seasons with the club . In the final of the 1991–92 UEFA Cup , in the dying minutes of the second leg against AFC Ajax , after a 2–2 draw in Italy , they hit the post in an eventual 0–0 draw ( and aggregate loss ) . In 1993 , they appeared in both legs of Toros conquest of the Coppa Italia , a 5–5 aggregate win over A.S. Roma .
Sordo moved to Serie A giants A.C. Milan for 1994–95 , being rarely used by Fabio Capello over the course of two seasons . Subsequently , they did not settle with a team , playing with A.C. Reggiana 1919 , A.S. Bari and U.S. Città di Palermo , and also briefly represented AS Cannes in the French Ligue 2 .
Sordo retired from football at the age of 34 , most of their last years being spent in the lower leagues .
International career
Sordo represented Italy under-21s during three years , helping it win the 1992 UEFA European Championship .
Later that year , they played Olympic football in Barcelona with Italy , appearing in three games in an eventual round-of-16 exit at the hands of eventual champions and hosts Spain .
Personal life
Sordo married Laura Serra . In early April 2005 , they fell into a coma after being attacked by two men in a bar in Marina di Massa , in their native region .
Honours
ClubTorino Coppa Italia : 1992–93 ; Runner-up 1987–88
UEFA Cup : Runner-up 1991–92Milan Serie A : 1995–96
Supercoppa Italiana : 1994
UEFA Super Cup : 1994
InternationalItaly U-21 '
UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship : 1992
References
External links
National team data
1969 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Torino F.C . players
A.C. Milan players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
S.S.C . Bari players
Palermo F.C . players
Montevarchi Calcio Aquila 1902 players
Pisa S.C. players
S.S. Arezzo players
Ligue 2 players
AS Cannes players
Italy under-21 international footballers
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Italy
Italian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Togo competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha , Qatar from 27 September to 6 October 2019 .
Results
Men
Track and road events
References
Togo
World Championships in Athletics
2019
Cicer reticulatum is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae , native to southeastern Turkey . It is the wild ancestor of Cicer arietinum , the chickpea or garbanzo . It appears that Cicer reticulatum had already developed the tan-seeded kabuli and the smaller green-seeded desi types prior to the domestication of the chickpea at the dawn of agriculture .
References
Faboideae
Endemic flora of Turkey
Plants described in 1975
The International School of the Americas ( ISA ) is a magnet school for grades 9-12 in the North East Independent School District in San Antonio , Texas in Bexar County . It is located on the Lee High School campus at 1400 Jackson-Keller Road . Admission is by lottery . The school is notable for its intentionally small student body and for its Model United Nations conference , named Model United Nations San Antonio ( MUNSA ) , which is the largest such student-run conference in the nation .
Origins
ISA 's basic premises stem from a concept paper written by Dr. Thomas J. Sergiovanni , a professor of public education at Trinity University . Its founding was prompted by the creation of the North American Free Trade Agreement , which , economically connecting the United States with Mexico and Canada , and raised the issue of international relations . Originally envisioned as a professional-development school for Trinity University , ISA began as a magnet program before becoming a full-fledged school . ISA maintained strong ties with Trinity University . Students majoring in education may complete internships at ISA as teachers ; many ISA teachers are former Trinity students , and many major school events , most notably the annual ceremony for graduating seniors , are held at Trinity .
Activities
With a student body size just under 500 , ISA does not have enough students to host its own sports teams , although it does host smaller clubs such as Poetry Club , Diversity Club , LGBT Club , Ultimate Frisbee Club , Model United Nations Club , Acts of Random Kindness Club ( ARK Club ) , Junior States of America ( JSA ) , Interact Service Club ( affiliated with Rotary International ) , Mu Alpha Theta Math Honor Society , National Honor Society ( NHS ) , and the Spanish Honor Society ( SHS ) . Instead , students participate in extracurricular activities on the home campus of Lee High School , fostering a bond between the two schools . A large part of ISA culture is the participation in Model United Nations , which became a school-wide event each year with the hosting of Model United Nations San Antonio , a national conference with over 1,000 delegates from Texas and Mexico , held at Trinity University in early January .
Each grade participates in an annual trip to different states all over the country . The freshmen travel to Houston , Texas , to learn about the environment . The sophomores travel to New Mexico to learn about assimilation and acculturation . The juniors travel to Alabama to learn about the history of civil rights . The seniors travel to Washington D.C. to learn about government policies . ISA also has long-term relationships with schools in other countries and regularly does exchanges with students in South Korea , China , Germany , and Japan .
Recognition
ISA is a member of many educational and international organizations including the Coalition of Essential Schools and the Asia Society . It is , in addition , a member of the Texas High School Project 's T-STEM network , and has been awarded `` Exemplar '' status by it . ISA has also been noticed and lauded by such organizations as the Goldman Sachs Foundation . In 2012 ISA was listed as the Number 2 High School in San Antonio by Children at Risk .
References
External links
North East Independent School District Homepage
Border Crossing : The International School of the Americas Makes a Connection . Edutopia
The Goldman Sachs Foundation
United Nations San Antonio Article
Educational institutions established in 1995
Magnet schools in Texas
North East Independent School District high schools
High schools in San Antonio
1995 establishments in Texas
The University Fermín Toro ( UFT ) is a private university . It is in Cabudare , Lara , Venezuela . It was founded on 9 May 1989 according to the decree Number 168 of the National Executive . The Founder was Dr. Raúl Quero Silva , President of the Upper Council of the institution and of the Educational Complex `` Antonio José of Sucre '' . The institution started in Cabudare , but also has campuses in Barquisimeto . The university has a library , bookshop , a clinic and computer laboratory . Students have email and access to the Internet .
History
On 5 May 2014 , during the 2014 Venezuelan protests , armed colectivos attacked and burned a large portion of Fermín Toro University after intimidating student protesters and shooting one . The colectivos damaged 40 % of the university and looted items after breaking into the facility .
Faculties
Engineering
Engineering in Computation
Engineering in Mechanical Maintenance
Electrical engineering
Engineering of Telecommunications
Economic and Social sciences
Administration
Social communication
Industrial relations
Juridical and Political sciences
Political sciences
Law
Headquarters
Barinas ( State Barinas )
Cabudare ( State Lara )
Barquisimeto ( State Lara )
Acarigua ( State Portuguesa )
Guanare ( State Portuguesa )
El Vigía ( State Mérida )
See also
Official page of the UFT
Universia Venezuela
References
1989 establishments in Venezuela
Universities in Venezuela
is a sub-kilometer asteroid , classified as near-Earth object and potentially hazardous asteroid of the Apollo group . Based on absolute magnitude , it is the third largest asteroid known to have passed closer than the Moon .
Description
It was discovered on 27 May 1998 , by astronomers of the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research ( LINEAR ) at Lincoln Laboratory 's ETS near Socorro , New Mexico , at an apparent magnitude of 17.6 using a reflector . It was tracked through 9 June 1998 . It was recovered on 28 December 2003 which extended the observation arc by 5 years . Two precovery images from January 1990 extended the observation arc by 8 years .
Based on an absolute magnitude of 19.4 , the asteroid has an estimated diameter of about . is noted for a close approach to the Earth on 31 December 1914 at a distance of . It is one of the largest objects known to have come inside the orbit of the moon . During the 1914 close approach the asteroid reached about apparent magnitude 7.7 .
References
External links
152680
152680
152680
19980527
Magic : The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers 2012 ( referred to in shorthand as DotP 2012 or Magic 2012 ) is a video game based on the popular collectible card game of the same name , published by Wizards of the Coast . It was released on June 15 , 2011 . The game is a follow up to the highly popular Magic : The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers , which was released in 2009 . An expansion for the game , called Ascend into Darkness , was released on September 14 , 2011 . The sequel , Magic : The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013 , was released in 2012 .
Gameplay
The core game follows the standard rules of the collectible card game Magic : The Gathering ; each player has a deck of cards consisting of lands and spells . Lands are used to generate `` mana '' , the resource needed to cast spells . Mana comes in five colors , and cards may require colored or generic ( mana of any color ) to be cast . Spells come in many varieties , from sorceries and instants which have one-time effects , to summoned creatures which can attack and defend from opponents . Players alternate turns playing land cards , casting spells , and attacking opponents with creatures until all but one player 's life total is reduced from 20 to 0 .
There are three campaigns ; an initial campaign , a challenge campaign , and a campaign featuring the new Archenemy mode . Each of the three campaigns has eleven missions . In addition , puzzles , scenarios where the player takes control of one side of a match that has already been mostly played and has to achieve victory in only one turn , make a reappearance in the sequel . Unlike in the first game , where puzzles were a standalone mode , puzzles in Duels 2012 are integrated into the campaign as unlockable side missions .
Multiplayer also makes a return to Duels 2012 .
Downloadable content
The game 's expansion , titled `` Ascend into Darkness '' was released on September 14 , 2011 . The expansion featured three new decks , allowed players to play as the Archenemy , and added an Archenemy mode single player campaign and Archenemy challenge content . Three deck packs , each consisting of two new decks , were released on November 16 , 2011 , December 14 , 2011 , and January 11 , 2012 . These brought the total number of decks up to nineteen .
Reception
The first game in the series , Magic : The Gathering – Duels of the Planeswalkers sold over half a million units , creating high expectations for Duels 2012 . Initial reception for the game was mostly positive . Game Informer praised the interface and noted that unpopular features from the 2009 game ( such as the inability to remove unwanted cards from decks ) have been fixed for the 2012 game , but criticized the new Archenemy mode and noted that there were some balance issues in the game . GamePro praised the art and the improved interface of the 2012 edition , but felt that the campaign was shallow .
References
External links
Duels of the Planeswalkers
Wizards of the Coast
Stainless Games
The official game FAQ
2011 video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
Magic : The Gathering software
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation Network games
Tetramethylethylenediamine ( dimethyl ) nickel ( II ) is the organonickel complex with the formula ( Me = CH3 ) . This yellow-brown , air-sensitive compound is popular precursor to diverse organonickel complexes . It is prepared from the tmeda adduct of nickel ( II ) acetylacetonate by reaction with methyl lithium .
The tmeda ligand is easily displaced by bases such as bipyridine and diphosphines . Treatment of the complex with electrophilic alkenes results in elimination of ethylene , giving alkene complexes .
References
Organonickel compounds
Terry Kelly , CM ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian country/folk music artist , athlete and professional speaker . Kelly has released six studio albums and charted eleven singles on the RPM Canadian country singles chart . In addition to award nominations from the Juno Awards and the Canadian Country Music Association , Kelly has also won seven East Coast Music Awards . In 2003 , Kelly was inducted into the Order of Canada , the highest civilian honour within the Canadian system of honours . They sang the Canadian National Anthem at the Opening Ceremonies for the 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Winter Games and also sang at the official installation ceremony of the 28th Governor General of Canada ( David Lloyd Johnston ) in 2010 .
Biography
At the age of one , Kelly was diagnosed with retinoblastoma , a cancerous condition that left them blind . As a child , they had both of their eyes removed . Their parents sent them to the Halifax School for the Blind when they were seven . Their recording career began in high school when they released five albums with instrumental band The Stringbusters .
At the Canadian Track Championships , Kelly won Silver ( 2nd place ) in 1979 and once more in 1980 . They became the third blind person in the world to run a sub five-minute mile . They competed in the 1980 Paralympics in Arnhem , Netherlands and carried the Olympic torch as part of the cross Canada Torch Relay .
Kelly released their first studio album , On the Move , in 1985 . Their second album , Face to Face , was released in 1988 . `` In My Father 's House , '' the first single from Kelly 's third studio album , 1992 's Divided Highway , was nominated for Single and SOCAN Song of the Year at the 1993 Canadian Country Music Association Awards . The same year , Kelly set an East Coast Music Awards record when they won every award that they were nominated for , including Album of the Year ( Divided Highway ) , SOCAN Song of the Year ( In My Father 's House ) , Male Vocalist of the Year , Country Artist of the Year and Entertainer of the Year . They were also nominated for a 1995 Juno Award for Best Country Male Vocalist . A fourth album , Far Cry from Leaving , followed in 1997 .
In 2000 , Kelly was presented with the King Clancy Award . The following year , Kelly received an Honorary Doctorate of Civil Laws from the University of King 's College . They also received an Honorary Doctorate of Fine Arts from Saint Mary 's University in 2002 . Kelly 's 2002 album , The Power of the Dream was the first music CD in the world with Braille liner notes . In 2003 , Kelly was appointed to the Order of Canada .
Kelly released their first Christmas album , Old Tyme Christmas , in 2004 . In 2005 , they were presented with the Humanitarian Award from the Canadian Country Music Association . Kelly travelled to Afghanistan in 2007 to perform for Canadian troops . In 2016 , Kelly was inducted into the Canadian Disability Hall of Fame .
A Pittance of Time
Kelly 's most recent single , `` A Pittance of Time '' , was released in 2003 . The song inspired a musical production , Two Minutes of Silence - A Pittance of Time . The song was motivated by an interaction Kelly observed at a drug store on November 11 , 1999 .
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
External links
Terry Kelly - Encyclopedia of Newfoundland and Labrador v. 3 , p. 163-4
Blind musicians
Canadian folk singer-songwriters
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Living people
Members of the Order of Canada
Blind people from Canada
Musicians from St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador
1955 births
Canadian Disability Hall of Fame
GUN Records artists
The Canton of Vitré-Ouest is a former canton of France , in the Ille-et-Vilaine département , located in the east of the department . It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015 . It consisted of 13 communes ( of which one partly ) , and its population was 15,350 in 2012 .
References
Former cantons of Ille-et-Vilaine
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
Brittany region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
For lists of the Estonia national men football team 's results see :
Estonia national football team results ( 1920–1940 )
Estonia national football team results ( 1991–2009 )
Estonia national football team results ( 2010–2019 )
Estonia national football team results ( 2020–present )
A United States Grand Prix ( USGP ) is a Grand Prix type race that takes place in the United States . Several racing associates hold their own USGP . The major ones are as follows :
Races named United States Grand Prix :
United States Grand Prix , a Formula 1 race
United States Grand Prix West , when the US had multiple F1 races
United States Grand Prix ( motorcycle )
United States Grand Prix may also refer to :
Indy 500 , between 1950 and 1960 , the Indy 500 was an F1 points paying race , but not on the F1 world circuit
Caesars Palace Grand Prix ( LVGP ) , the third F1 USGP in two seasons
Detroit Grand Prix
Dallas Grand Prix
Grand Prix of America
Long Beach Grand Prix
U.S. 500
US Grand Prix Engineering , a failed US-based Formula One team
See also
Grand Prix Americas
American Grand Prix
Motorcycle Grand Prix of the Americas
de : Großer Preis der USA
es : Gran Premio de los Estados Unidos
eu : Estatu Batuetako Sari Nagusia
fr : Grand Prix automobile des États-Unis
it : Gran Premio degli Stati Uniti
ja : アメリカグランプリ
pl : Grand Prix Stanów Zjednoczonych Formuły 1
pt : Grande Prêmio dos Estados Unidos
fi : Yhdysvaltain Grand Prix
sv : USA : s Grand Prix
vi : Giải đua ô tô Công thức 1 Hoa Kỳ
All Falling Down is a 1951 picture book written by Gene Zion and illustrated by Margaret Bloy Graham . The book depicts objects falling down . The book was a recipient of a 1952 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations .
References
1951 children 's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Jadden is an unincorporated community in Grant County , Indiana , in the United States .
History
A post office was established at Jadden in 1850 , and remained in operation until it was discontinued in 1900 . William Jadden served as an early postmaster .
References
Unincorporated communities in Grant County , Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Hawkeye 10 Conference is a high school athletic conference in Iowa made up of larger-mid-size schools in Southwest Iowa . Most members participate at the 3A level in all sports , which is the second highest level of competition in Iowa .
List of member schools
* Heartland Christian School , located in Council Bluffs , co-ops with St. Albert Catholic for baseball , football , cheer , and softball . Heartland Christian competes in other sports in the Frontier Conference of Nebraska .
Former member schools
In 2013 , Corning and Villisca entered a joint operation agreement and are known as the Southwest Valley Timberwolves , competing in the Pride of Iowa Conference .
* Classifications for football are set for two-year cycles with enrollment numbers from grades 9-11 from the school year before the cycle begins . For all other sports , enrollment numbers from grades 10-12 are used to determine classes for the current school year .
Conference History
In 1930 , Creston approached Little Ten Conference members Atlantic , Clarinda , Red Oak , Shenandoah , and Villisca about breaking away from the conference to create their own league . The conference at the time consisted of those schools plus Bedford , Corning , Glenwood , and Sidney . During a meeting in Villisca on February 15 , 1930 , the schools decided to make it official . Soon after , The Little Six named was changed to the Hawkeye Six .
The 1930 track meet at Red Oak was the first official event , with Shenandoah claiming the first title in league history . Creston and Red Oak would tie for the football conference championship in the fall of '30 .
In 1946 the conference went through their first phase of expansion when Corning was admitted , making the conference the Hawkeye Seven . Glenwood would follow in 1951 , making it the Hawkeye Eight .
In 1962 , Villisca withdrew from the conference to found the Tall Corn Conference , and Council Bluffs , Abraham Lincoln applied for membership , but was denied . Harlan would be invited at this time , but turned down an invitation to stay in the Midwest Conference .
In the fall of 1963 , Lewis Central applied for membership , but was denied . The same happened in 1966 when St. Albert 's Catholic and Maryville , Missouri both applied for membership and were denied .
Moving forward to 1968 , Corning announced they would be leaving the conference in 1970 for the Tall Corn Conference as well . Lewis Central was soon admitted in 1970 , and Harlan the following year .
The conference was known as the Hawkeye Eight until 1993 when Kuemper Catholic and Denison , recently partnered with Schelswig , joined . Beginning in the fall of 2013 , St. Albert 's Catholic finally became a member school as well , giving the conference 11 schools .
In 2017 , the Missouri River Conference sent letters inviting both Lewis Central and Glenwood to join . Both schools declined .
While the conference no longer sponsors football due to Iowa 's district system , Harlan Community is one of the most storied football programs in the nation , having won 13 class 3A state titles since Iowa began the football playoff system in 1972 . Harlan claimed titles in 1972 , 1982 , 1983 , 1984 , 1993 , 1995 , 1997 , 1998 , 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2009 , and 2021 . Harlan holds the longest regular-season game winning streak ( excludes post-season games ) in Iowa high school football history , winning 66 straight games from 1985-1992 . In addition , legendary coach Curt Bladt is the second winningest coach in state history , posting an unheard of 407-60 record in their career . Coach Bladt trails the all-time leader Dick Tighe by just 25 games despite the fact that Tighe coached for 63 years and Bladt has only coached for 40 . Bladt has earned the honor of National High School Coach of the Year by the National High School Athletic Association , twice , and is also immortalized in a book titled Let the Chips Fall Where They May . Thanks to state titles held in Men 's Basketball , Wrestling , and Baseball in recent years Harlan was also one of the finalist for ESPN 's top High School Sport town in recent years .
State Champions
State Team Championships Since Joining Hawkeye 10
Wrestling
There is a strong history of wrestling in the conference with four separate schools having won state team championships since Glenwood won the conference 's first in 1989 . Lewis Central leads the way , having won state titles in 2001 , '04 , and '06 .
References
External links
Official site
Conference History
High school sports in Iowa
Sport leagues established in 1930
1930 establishments in Iowa
The jewel-babblers are the bird genus Ptilorrhoa in the family Cinclosomatidae . The genus contains four species that are endemic to New Guinea . The genus was once considered containing the rail-babbler , but that species is now considered belonging to its own family . The genus is closely related to the better known quail-thrushes ( Cinclosoma ) of New Guinea and Australia . Together with a number of other genera they comprise the family Cinclosomatidae , although the validity of this family as a whole has been questioned .
The jewel-babblers resemble the quail-thrushes in shape , being plump , long-tailed and short winged . They are adapted to life on the forest floor . The plumage of this genus is the most striking divergence from the quail-thrushes , having large amounts of blue and often with chestnut on the back . The throats of all species are white and the patch is mostly surrounded by a black edge . There are moderate levels of sexual dimorphism in the plumage , except in the dimorphic jewel-babbler where the female has no blue and is all chestnut coloured . When moving they hold the body horizontally to the ground , and bob their heads back and forth in a similar fashion to pigeons , and move their tail in a fashion similar to wagtails .
The jewel-babblers as a whole are not a well known or studied genus .
It contains the following species :
References
Del Hoyo , J. ; Elliot , A . & Christie D. ( editors ) . ( 2007 ) . Handbook of the Birds of the World . Volume 12 : Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees . Lynx Edicions .
Cinclosomatidae
Birds described in 1940
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Zhiryatino ( ) is the name of several rural localities in Russia :
Zhiryatino , Bryansk Oblast , a selo in Zhiryatinsky Selsoviet of Zhiryatinsky District of Bryansk Oblast
Zhiryatino , Ivanovo Oblast , a village in Vichugsky District of Ivanovo Oblast
Zhiryatino , Kostroma Oblast , a village in Sudislavskoye Settlement of Sudislavsky District of Kostroma Oblast
Zhiryatino , Oryol Oblast , a village in Krasnikovsky Selsoviet of Kromskoy District of Oryol Oblast
Giovanni Invernizzi ( born 22 August 1963 in Como ) is an Italian football coach and former player who played as a midfielder . They made nearly 300 appearances in Serie A in the 1980s and 1990s . They were manager of Sampdoria 's youth team and of Bogliasco .
Honours
Sampdoria
Serie A champion : 1990–91 .
Supercoppa Italiana winner : 1991 .
Coppa Italia winner : 1993–94 .
UEFA Cup Winners ' Cup winner : 1989–90 .
Manager
Bogliasco
Coppa Italia Liguria : 2010–11 .
References
1963 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Como
Italian footballers
Association football midfielders
Como 1907 players
Reggina 1914 players
U.C . Sampdoria players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Italian football managers
Footballers from Lombardy
Pat Coyle ( born September 5 , 1960 ) is an American women 's basketball coach . They were the head coach of Saint Peter 's , between 2013 and 2018 . They have served as an assistant coach for the University of Pittsburgh Panthers women 's basketball team . Coyle coached in the WNBA with the New York Liberty . Serving as the Liberty 's assistant coach beginning in 1998 , then attained the head coaching seat during the 2004 season ( after the departure of Richie Adubato ) . The Coyle-led Liberty reached the playoffs in 2004 , 2005 , 2007 , and 2008 , but never won the Eastern Conference Championship .
In 2009 , the Liberty started their season 6-11 despite a roster made up primarily of healthy , returning players . The team announced on July 31 , 2009 that Coyle had been relieved of their duties , and that assistant coach Anne Donovan would take over as interim head coach .
Prior to joining the Liberty as an assistant coach in 1998 , Coyle was the head women 's basketball coach at Loyola University Maryland . There , Coyle amassed a 100-77 ( .565 ) record in over six seasons , making them the winningest coach in Loyola history . They led the Greyhounds to the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Championships and the NCAA Division I women 's basketball tournament in 1994 and 1995 . Coyle also held assistant coaching posts during the 1980s at the University of Miami , Rutgers University , and St. Joseph 's College .
Coyle was a star basketball player at Rutgers University , from which they graduated in 1982 . They were named to the Rutgers Athletics Hall of Fame in 1993 .
Coyle hails originally from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
References
1960 births
Living people
American women 's basketball coaches
American women 's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Pennsylvania
Basketball players from Philadelphia
Loyola Greyhounds women 's basketball coaches
Miami Hurricanes women 's basketball coaches
New York Liberty head coaches
Pittsburgh Panthers women 's basketball coaches
Rutgers Scarlet Knights women 's basketball coaches
Rutgers Scarlet Knights women 's basketball players
Saint Joseph 's Hawks women 's basketball coaches
The Bradley Beach School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Bradley Beach in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States .
As of the 2017-18 school year , the district , comprising one school , had an enrollment of 318 students and 36.8 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student–teacher ratio of 8.6:1 .
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group `` CD '' , the sixth-highest of eight groupings . District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts . From the lowest socioeconomic status to highest , the categories are A , B , CD , DE , FG , GH , I and J .
For public school students in ninth through twelfth grades , the school district maintains sending/receiving relationships with the Asbury Park Public Schools and Neptune Township Schools under which the overwhelming majority of Bradley Beach students are sent to Asbury Park High School and the other 7 % are sent to Neptune High School . As of the 2017-18 school year , the high school had an enrollment of 415 students and 43.5 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student–teacher ratio of 9.5:1 ; Neptune High School had an enrollment of 1,336 students and 105.3 classroom teachers ( on an FTE basis ) , for a student–teacher ratio of 12.7:1 .
An application program with Red Bank Regional High School or the schools in the Monmouth County Vocational School District are alternatives available for students from the borough attending public high school .
School
Bradley Beach Elementary School served an enrollment of 317 students in the 2017-18 school year . The professional teaching staff includes 40 certified teachers and six paraprofessionals .
Administration
Core members of the district 's administration are :
Dr. Stephen Wisniewski , Principal / Superintendent
David Tonzola , Business Administrator / Board Secretary
The district 's board of education has nine members who set policy and oversee the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration . As a Type II school district , the board 's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis , with three seats up for election each year held ( since 2012 ) as part of the November general election .
References
External links
Bradley Beach School District
School Data for the Bradley Beach School District , National Center for Education Statistics
Bradley Beach , New Jersey
New Jersey District Factor Group CD
School districts in Monmouth County , New Jersey
Public K–8 schools in New Jersey
Ah Hoon ( died 1909 ) was a Chinese American comedian , actor , and associate of the On Leong Tong .
A celebrated comic in New York 's Chinatown during the tong wars between the On Leong and Hip Sing Tong , Ah Hoon began insulting the rival Hip Sings during performances at the Chinese Theater on Doyers Street .
Comedian and Chinese Tong connections
Perceiving their insults as an attack of their honor , the Hip Sings declared a death sentence against Ah Hoon . Publicly announcing their death to take place on December 30 , Ah Hoon came under the protection of the On Leongs . On December 29 , Ah Hoon was under the protection of a police sergeant and two patrolmen as they performed and was escorted back to their Chatham Square boardinghouse where members of the On Leongs stood on guard .
1909 New York Tong War and death
The On Leong began holding parades celebrating their victory over the Hip Sings . However , the following morning , Ah Hoon 's body was found after they had been shot in the head and killed .
Despite Herbert Asbury 's claim in their 1928 book “ The Gangs of New York ” that a Hip Sing hatchetman had been lowered from the roof while on a chair and sneaked into the apartment where they shot the sleeping comedian with a silenced pistol , the reality is that Ah Hoon 's body was discovered in the hallway , having been killed after their police escorts had already left them alone and they attempted to wash up in the communal basin .
The following day the Hip Sings paraded throughout Chinatown ; however , the murder of Ah Hoon remained unsolved by authorities as the war between the On Leongs and Hip Sings continued for another year .
Notable Chinese tongs
Bing Kong Tong
Hip Sing Tong
On Leong Tong
Suey Sing Tong
Hop Sing Tong
See also
Hui
Tong Wars
Triad ( underground society )
Tiandihui
List of Chinese criminal organizations
List of criminal enterprises , gangs and syndicates
References
Asbury , Herbert . The Gangs of New York . New York : Alfred A. Knopf , 1927 .
Sifakis , Carl . The Encyclopedia of American Crime . New York : Facts on File Inc. , 2005 .
`` New Tong Murder ; Chinaman Killed '' , New York Times , December 30 , 1909 , p1
Year of birth missing
1909 deaths
American people of Chinese descent
American male comedians
Comedians from New York City
People murdered by Chinese-American organized crime
People murdered in New York City
Male murder victims
Deaths by firearm in Manhattan
American murder victims
Chinese murder victims
Benjamin Sene ( born 13 May 1994 ) is a French professional basketball player for Nanterre 92 of the LNB Pro A .
Professional career
Sene played junior basketball with SLUC Nancy . In January 2013 , they fractured their thumb . On 2 March 2013 they suffered a fracture to their left radius . On 7 March they had surgery and plastering , forcing them to miss two months of competition . At the end of their junior career , they were courted by Boulogne-sur-Mer but stayed with Nancy . In March 2014 , they injured their ankle in training and missed three weeks of competition . In April 2015 , they extended their contract with Nancy until 2017 .
Sene joined BCM Gravelines-Dunkerque in May 2017 . In 2017-18 Sene averaged 10.3 points , 2.9 rebounds and 4.9 assists per game with Gravelines-Dunkerque . After the season they signed an extension to their contract until 2020 . Sene left the team on 8 May , after averaging 11.3 points and 3.8 assists in 2019-2020 .
Sene signed with Boulazac Basket Dordogne on 14 May 2020 .
On 9 July 2021 they signed with Nanterre 92 of LNB Pro A .
References
1994 births
Living people
BCM Gravelines players
Boulazac Basket Dordogne players
French men 's basketball players
Nanterre 92 players
People from Langon , Gironde
Point guards
SLUC Nancy Basket players
Sportspeople from Gironde
Mickey the Monkey was a comic strip which featured the eponymous fictional monkey , Mickey . The character was the cover star of British comic The Topper from its launch in 1953 until the 1970s . The strip appeared throughout the comic 's run , until its merger with The Beezer . The final story was in The Beezer Annual 2003 . It was originally drawn by Dudley D. Watkins , but after their death in 1969 Vic Neill took over as artist .
Appearances in popular culture
The Clash drummer Topper Headon , real name Nicholas Bowen Headon , earned their nickname from the band 's guitarist Mick Jones due to their resemblance to Mickey the Monkey .
References
British comic strips
Fictional monkeys
1953 comics debuts
British comics characters
Comics characters introduced in 1953
DC Thomson Comics strips
Comics about monkeys
Comics about animals
Gag-a-day comics
Male characters in comics
Luis Daniel Vallejos Obregón ( born 27 May 1981 in Santa Bárbara de Santa Cruz ) is a Costa Rican former professional footballer .
Club career
A defensive midfielder , they made their debut for Herediano and played for Puntarenas . In January 2010 they left Herediano for Santos de Guápiles After playing for Santos de Guápiles , Vallejos decided to cease playing professional soccer in their country . They did however have a spell at second division Guanacasteca and played abroad for Guatemalan second division outfit Ayutla .
In summer 2014 , Vallejos rejoined relegated Puntarenas in their bid to regain promotion to the Primera División .
International career
Vallejos played at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship finals in Argentina .
Vallejos made their senior debut for the Costa Rica national football team in a friendly against Japan just before the World Cup finals on April 12 , 2002 and made 15 appearances , scoring no goals . They were a surprise inclusion into the team , but became a non-playing squad member at the 2002 FIFA World Cup .
They collected their final cap in a friendly international against China in September 2003 .
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
People from Guanacaste Province
Association football defenders
Costa Rican footballers
Costa Rica international footballers
2002 FIFA World Cup players
2003 UNCAF Nations Cup players
2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Olympic footballers of Costa Rica
Footballers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Copa Centroamericana-winning players
C.S . Herediano footballers
Puntarenas F.C . players
Santos de Guápiles footballers
Costa Rican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Guatemala
Deportivo Ayutla players
Municipal Grecia players
The Strangler of the Tower ( ) is a 1966 West German crime film directed by Hans Mehringer and starring Charles Regnier , Kai Fischer and Hans Reiser .
Like the contemporaneous series of Edgar Wallace adaptations by Rialto Film , it has a British setting .
Synopsis
A Scotland Yard detective investigates the theft of a priceless Indian jewel .
Cast
Charles Regnier as Mr. Cliften
Kai Fischer as Grace Harrison
Hans Reiser as Inspektor Harvey
Ellen Schwiers as Lady Trenton
Ady Berber as The Strangler
Christa Linder as Jane Wilkins
Birgit Bergen as Dodo
Rainer Bertram as Kiddie
Inigo Gallo as Pietro Broggini
Gerhard Geisler as Dr. Livingstone
Edi Huber as Masters
Ruth Jecklin as Maisie
Lis Kertelge as Djaipur
Walter Kiesler as Sir Burley
Peter W. Loosli as Travers
Albert Mol as Larry the Glad
Alfred Schlageter as Sir Humphry
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts . Famous Movie Detectives III . Scarecrow Press , 2004 .
External links
1966 films
1966 crime films
German crime films
West German films
1960s German-language films
Films set in London
1960s German films
János Dalmati ( 26 February 1942 – 29 September 2020 ) was a Hungarian racewalker . They competed in the men 's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
References
External links
1942 births
2020 deaths
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Place of birth missing
Minicomics Co-ops are entities for trading and promoting small press comics and fanzines . The most well-known of these co-ops is the United Fanzine Organization , or UFO , a co-operative of minicomic creators that has existed since about 1968 , when it was called Blue Plaque Publications ( BPP ) . Carl Gafford , at that point the publisher of a comics fanzine called Minotaur , created the BPP ; among its earliest members were Chuck Robinson II ( publisher of Comique ) , Dwight Decker ( True Fan Adventure Theatre ) , Ed Romero ( Realm ) , and Gordon Matthews ( Coffinworm ) .
Function
The BPP was the first small press minicomics co-op . The term co-op has often been confused with Amateur Press Associations or APAs . The difference is that an APA is helmed by a central mailer , to whom the members send copies of their publications . The central mailer then compiles all the books into one large volume , which is then mailed out to the membership in apazines . Some APAs are still active , and some are published as virtual `` e-zines , '' distributed on the internet .
In a co-op , however , there is no central mailer ; the members distribute their own works , and are linked by a group newsletter , a group symbol that appears on each member work , and a group checklist in every member zine .
History
BPP disbands ; UFO forms
The original BPP disbanded in early 1972 , but was revived later that same year by Steve Keeter , who had been the last of the original members voted in before its collapse . During Keeter 's tenure as chairperson , the name was changed to the United Fanzine Organization , and a new constitution was adopted . Notable members during this second phase of UFO history included Jim Main , Kurt Erichsen , Larry Johnson , Don Fortier , and Rod Snyder . For a short time , The Comics Journal , one of the most prominent and highest-circulation 'zines of the day , was also a member . The UFO 's monthly newsletter , reproduced by ditto , mimeo , photocopying , or later by offset printing , was known as Tetragrammaton Fragments .
1980s : UFO revival
When the UFO again disbanded during the early 1980s , it was revived yet again by Jim Main . The group has continued ever since , and many of the finest publishers in the comics small press have been , and continue to be members . Chairmen have included Ian Shires , J. Kevin Carrier , Nik Dirga , Sam Gafford , John Yeo Jr. , Bob Elinskas , Jason DeGroot , and Nic Carcieri . Longtime small-press cartoonist/self-publisher Steve Shipley succeeded Carcieri as chairperson in November 2010 . The most recent UFO chairperson ( beginning in 2020 ) is Steve Keeter , who had been the group 's chairperson three times previously -- in the mid-1970s , late 1980s and early 1990s .
Other co-ops
There have been a number of other co-ops created over the years , including :
Small Press Syndicate ( SPS )
Small Press League ( SPL ) — founded in 1986 by Liam Brooks , Andrew Roller , Will Dockery , David Cushman and Rick Howe
Pizazz
Self Publisher Association ( SPA ) — founded by Ian Shires
BPP — a new group appropriating the original name , begun by Jim Main and Steve Keeter in 1999
While each of these groups has its own distinctive character , they all follow the basic co-op format that was established by Carl Gafford decades ago .
See also
minicomics
List of minicomics creators
Cartoonists Co-Op Press
Fandom
Fanzines
Zine
References
External links
Official site of the United Fanzine Organization ( UFO ) ( 2011 to present )
Old UFO site during Nic Carcieri 's tenure ( 2008–2010 )
UFO blogs during Jason DeGroot 's tenure ( 2006 )
Old UFO site during Jim Coon 's tenure ( mid-2000s )
Archive of UFO site during Mike Hall 's tenure ( early 2000s )
Mini-Komix
Small Press League
Purrsia Press
Zine-A-Polooza
Minicomics
Publishing cooperatives
Organizations established in 1968
Cooperatives in the United States
CCGS Sir John Franklin is an offshore fisheries research ship of the Canadian Coast Guard . The ship was ordered in 2011 as part of the Canadian National Shipbuilding Procurement Strategy ( NSPS ) as a replacement for aging Canadian Coast Guard vessels . The ship was launched on 8 December 2017 , named for Sir John Franklin , an arctic explorer who led two Royal Navy expeditions in search of the Northwest Passage , the second ending with the death of all their crew around 1848 . The first of three vessels , Sir John Franklin is the sister ship of and .
Design and description
Sir John Franklin is the first of three vessels ordered on 19 October 2011 by the Canadian government under the NSPS for offshore fisheries research . The three vessels are intended to replace the aging , and . The initial design for the research vessels called for a -long ship that could act as `` floating laboratories for scientific research and ecosystem-based management . '' However , when Seaspan received the technical plans from the government in 2012 , they found that the ship 's design would be prone to capsizing . The design was altered , leading to an increased design length of and a larger displacement of , more than initially planned . The ship was constructed in 37 blocks and welded together . The research vessels are powered by a diesel-electric system giving the ships a maximum speed of . The ships are equipped with four labs ; a wet lab , a dry lab , an ocean lab and a control lab .
Service history
The ship was ordered in 2011 and construction began on the vessel at Seaspan Shipyards , in Vancouver , British Columbia on 24 June 2015 . The ship was named for Sir John Franklin , an Arctic explorer , whose last mission into Canadian waters ended in death and failure . This is the second ship of the Canadian Coast Guard to be named for Franklin , with the first , , carrying the name from their launch in 1979 until 2003 . There was some displeasure with the chosen name for the ship , with some claiming that it celebrated failure . Others argued that Sir John Franklin epitomized the courage of exploration in the harsh conditions of Canada 's north in the 19th century .
The ship was launched on 8 December 2017 at Vancouver . The vessel arrived at Victoria , British Columbia on 12 December 2017 to complete construction and perform sea trials . In August 2018 it was announced that , due to a number of welding faults totalling up to , the ship would be returned to the shipyard for re-welding . On 22 March 2019 , during sea trials , the ship reversed at high speed into the Ogden Point breakwater . This damaged the propeller and rudder as well as denting the ship 's hull and causing minor damage to the breakwater . The vessel was repaired in two weeks using parts from its sister ship , the incomplete , and returned to sea trials on 15 April .
On 27 June 2019 , Sir John Franklin was accepted into the Canadian Coast Guard fleet .
Notes
Citations
2017 ships
Ships of the Canadian Coast Guard
Ships built in British Columbia
Chakhon Philakhlang ( , born 8 March 1998 ) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Thai League 2 club Nakhon Si United .
Honours
International
Thailand U-19
AFF U-19 Youth Championship : 2015
External links
1998 births
Living people
Chakhon Philakhlang
Chakhon Philakhlang
Association football goalkeepers
Chakhon Philakhlang
Chakhon Philakhlang
Chakhon Philakhlang
Dobaru Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan . The dam is used for water supply . The catchment area of the dam is 6.3 km2 . The dam impounds about 6 ha of land when full and can store 479 thousand cubic meters of water . The construction of the dam was started on 1910 and completed in 1912 .
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1912 establishments in Japan
Hashmatrai Khubchand Chainani ( 29 February 1904 – 28 November 1965 ) was the Chief Justice of the Bombay High Court .
Early life
Chainani was born to a Sindhi family in 1904 in British India . They primarily studied in Hyderabad , then admitted to D J Sindh College of Karachi . In 1925 they passed B.A . in Natural Science Tripos from Magdalene College , Cambridge , England . After passing Indian Civil Service , Chainani returned to India in 1927 and was first appointed Assistant Collector at Sholapur then at Nasik , Khandesh and Poona .
Career
They started their judicial career as an Assistant Judge at Poona in 1933 and was promoted as District and Sessions Judge at Sholapur . In 1935 , they were appointed Secretary to the Bombay Legislative Council and Assistant Legal Remembrancer . In 1944 Chainani became the Joint Secretary of Home Department , Government of Bombay then transferred as Deputy Secretary to the Home Department of Government of India . They also worked as Revenue Commissioner . They were promoted to a Puisne Judge of the Bombay High Court and after Justice M C Chagla they were appointed the Chief Justice of Bombay High Court in 1958 . In 1962 Chainani also worked as acting governor of the State of Maharashtra and honorary secretary of Environmental Action Group of Bombay .
References
1904 births
1965 deaths
20th-century Indian judges
People from Karachi
Indian diplomats
Indian judges
Judges of the Bombay High Court
Chief Justices of the Bombay High Court
Governors of Maharashtra
Sindhi people
20th-century Indian lawyers
Indian Civil Service ( British India ) officers
Indian civil servants
Indian government officials
Alumni of Magdalene College , Cambridge
Pond Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Annsville in Oneida County , west-northwest of Taberg .
References
Mountains of Oneida County , New York
Mountains of New York ( state )
Anne Renaud ( born 24 March 1970 in Ambilly ) is a former French athlete , who specialized in the 400 meters hurdles .
Biography
They won three titles of champion of France in the 400m hurdles in 1995 , 1996 and 1997 .
Prize list
French Championships in Athletics :
3 times winner of the 400m hurdles in 1995 , 1996 and 1997 .
Records
Notes and references
Docathlé2003 , Fédération française d'athlétisme , 2003 , p. 428
1970 births
Living people
French female hurdlers
Éloi Laurent Despeaux ( 14 October 1761 – 23 October 1856 ) commanded a combat infantry division during the French Revolution . They joined the French Royal Army in 1776 and became a non-commissioned officer by 1791 when they reentered civilian life . The following year they joined a volunteer battalion and fought at Jemappes . They were badly wounded at Famars in May 1793 and was appointed general of brigade in the Army of the North in September that year . After being wounded again they were promoted general of division in March 1794 .
After commanding a division at Grandreng and Erquelinnes in May 1794 , they were transferred to another division which they led in operations around Ypres in June . During the winter of 1794 they participated in the invasion of the Dutch Republic . After garrison duty in Holland they commanded interior posts in France during the Napoleonic Wars . The exception came in 1809 when they led a reserve infantry division . They lived long enough to be awarded the Grand Cross of the Légion d'Honneur in 1856 in the reign of Napoleon III before dying a few months later at the age of 95 .
Early career
Despeaux was born on 14 October 1761 at Malassine . This hamlet was located near Beauvais in the Oise department . Their father Laurent Despeaux was a woodcutter who married Marguerite Petit , their second wife , on 25 November 1759 . Despeaux enlisted in the Flandre Infantry Regiment on 2 November 1776 at the age of 15 . They were promoted corporal on 15 June 1780 and sergeant on 20 May 1784 . They were at the Palace of Versailles when the mob came for King Louis XVI of France .
French Revolution
Despeaux took a leave of absence from their regiment in August 1791 before emerging as adjutant-major in the 9th Battalion of the Nord National Guard on 25 October 1792 . Another source stated that they were not appointed adjutant-major until after the Battle of Jemappes , a French victory on 6 November 1792 . A 1793 order of battle for the Army of the North listed the 9th Nord Battalion , but the month and day were not given . The French were defeated by the Coalition in the Battle of Famars on 23 May 1793 . After greatly distinguishing themselves and suffering a serious wound , they received a battlefield promotion to chef de bataillon ( major ) . However , a second source stated that they became commanding officer of the 9th Nord on 28 April 1793 . They were promoted to general of brigade on 3 September of the same year . They were sent on a mission along the Sambre River in the course of which they were wounded again . Soon after , they were elevated to the rank of general of division on 19 March 1794 .
At the beginning of May 1794 , Despeaux 's 7,042-man division was at Limont-Fontaine guarding the Sambre between Berlaimont and Maubeuge . The French plan was to form the right wing of the Army of the North under Jacques Desjardin and the Army of the Ardennes under Louis Charbonnier into a 60,000-strong army and send it toward Mons . Unfortunately , the overall commander Jean-Charles Pichegru neglected to appoint a single commander of the army and the generals were hampered by two of the most arrogant representatives on mission in Louis Antoine de Saint-Just and Philippe-François-Joseph Le Bas . The results were not happy and the army suffered three defeats between 11 May and 3 June .
Despeaux 's division was joined to the divisions of Desjardin ( 14,075 men ) , Jacques Fromentin ( 15,719 men ) and François Muller ( 6,815 men ) of the Army of the North and Philippe Joseph Jacob 's 19,000-man division of the Army of the Ardennes . In Despeaux 's division the regular troops consisted of the 1st Battalions of the 17th and 25th Line Infantry Demi-brigades , 127 horsemen of the 6th Cavalry and 83 gunners from the 3rd and 6th Artillery . Their volunteer battalions were the 1st Loiret , 1st Hainaut Chasseurs , 3rd Meurthe , 4th and 9th Nord and 6th Pas-de-Calais . All infantry battalions numbered between 783 and 919 soldiers .
Muller assumed command of Desjardin 's division while their own division remained as the Maubeuge garrison . On the morning of 10 May 1794 the French army launched its offensive in seven columns with Despeaux 's division on the far left marching towards Hantes . After serious fighting near Merbes-le-Château on the 12th , the Coalition forces abandoned the entrenched camp at Hantes and Despeaux 's troops camped near Solre-le-Sambre . On 13 May 1794 , Franz Wenzel , Graf von Kaunitz-Rietberg and their Coalition army defeated the French in the Battle of Grandreng . Despeaux was in a second line behind Muller 's division which attacked Grand-Reng while Fromentin advanced on Croix-lez-Rouveroy to their right . Though the French cannons bogged down in the mud , the infantry of Muller and Despeaux were able to seize a few outlying redoubts while subjected to intense artillery fire and slashing cavalry attacks . The battle raged until the early evening when Kaunitz assembled a mounted force under Michael von Kienmayer and hurled it at the French . This cavalry charge decided the battle and caused the French withdraw south of the Sambre . Charbonnier 's Army of the Ardennes failed to intervene while Desjardin 's 35,000 troops futilely rushed at Kaunitz 's 22,000 men behind entrenchments . One French general later wrote , `` We were children in the art of war '' .
The French recrossed the Sambre on 20 May 1794 , with Despeaux 's division again taking position in a second line behind Fromentin and Muller , facing west . This time Jean Adam Mayer 's division of the Army of the Ardennes was posted on the right flank near Binche . Kaunitz launched an attack at 8:00 am on 21 May and quickly overran Erquelinnes . Desjardin and Jean Baptiste Kléber organized a counterattack which retook the village . Fighting continued until 3:00 pm when Despeaux 's division somewhat belatedly advanced with their battalions arrayed in checkerboard formation . At this the Coalition forces withdrew . On 22 May Despeaux was replaced in command of their division by Anne Charles Basset Montaigu . On the 24th Kaunitz beat the French again in the Battle of Erquelinnes , inflicting heavy casualties and capturing 32 artillery pieces .
Despeaux assumed command of a division from the left wing of the Army of the North . Assailed on both left and right wings , the Coalition armies allowed the French to seize the initiative . On 1 June 1794 , Jean Victor Marie Moreau 's division began the Siege of Ypres . The besieging troops were covered by Joseph Souham 's division which was supported by the divisions of Pierre Antoine Michaud on the left and Despeaux on the right . The three covering divisions fought an action at Roeselare on 10 June , driving back a Coalition corps led by François Sébastien Charles Joseph de Croix , Count of Clerfayt . On 13 June Clerfayt launched a surprise attack on Despeaux 's division , routing Philippe Joseph Malbrancq 's brigade and pushing Jean-Baptiste Salme 's brigade back toward Menen ( Menin ) . However , Jacques MacDonald 's brigade of Souham 's division held off repeated attacks at Hooglede . After six hours , Jan Willem de Winter 's brigade came up on MacDonald 's left while Salme 's rallied brigade moved forward on MacDonald 's right . At this , Clerfayt 's worn out soldiers withdrew . Ypres surrendered to the French on 18 June .
On 26 June 1794 , the French right wing under Jean-Baptiste Jourdan beat the Coalition army at the Battle of Fleurus . By 1 July , Pichegru 's army occupied Bruges and on the 10th took Brussels . The next day , the armies of Pichegru and Jordan linked hands . The two armies soon diverged , with Pichegru following the British and Dutch northward while Jourdan turned eastward in pursuit of the Austrians . Pichegru 's army occupied Antwerp on 27 July . An order of battle for the Army of the North on 1 September showed Despeaux leading the 4th Division with Salme as the only brigadier . The units included three battalions each of the 38th and 131st Line Infantry Demi-brigades , 3rd Battalion of Tirailleurs , 5th Battalion of Chasseurs , four squadrons of the 19th Cavalry and two squadrons of the 13th Chasseurs à Cheval . On this date the 4th Division numbered 5,432 infantry and 647 cavalry with 283 gunners serving 16 cannons and two howitzers . The fortress of Grave fell to the division on 29 December , but by that time Salme seems to have been in command .
Despeaux was first appointed to command Tournai , then Antwerp . Later they were in charge of Western Brabant where they oversaw the suppression of the religious houses . On 13 June 1795 they were not listed in the organization of chiefs of staff . They were several times put in retirement and then brought back into active service . In 1797 they were governor of Flanders . In 1798 the French Directory named them to command the 18th Military Division at Dijon .
Empire
On 24 April 1805 Despeaux was made a member of the Légion d'Honneur . During the War of the Fifth Coalition in 1809 , a Reserve Corps was assembled under Marshal François Christophe de Kellermann with its headquarters at Frankfurt . There were four divisions , the 1st under Olivier Macoux Rivaud de la Raffinière , 2nd under Despeaux , 3rd under Joseph Lagrange and Reserve under Marc Antoine de Beaumont . Despeaux commanded six provisional infantry battalions divided into two brigades , a total of 2,520 soldiers . They were appointed to division command on 8 May 1809 . They were assigned to Jean-Andoche Junot 's corps but when that general departed , Despeaux assumed command for a time . They spent several days in the fortress during the Siege of Flushing in the Walcheren Campaign . On 20 September 1809 they were assigned to command the 20th Military Division at Périgueux . During the remaining years of the First French Empire they served in various interior posts . They were named Officer of the Légion d'Honneur on 21 January 1814 .
Later career
After the First Restoration Despeaux was placed in command of Metz and made a Chevalier of the Order of Saint-Louis . On 25 March 1815 they were appointed governor of Le Quesnoy . After the Second Restoration they were put on the inactive list . After a brief stint of active service for two tours of inspection , they were retired from military service . The king made Despeaux a baron on 11 June 1819 and named them a Commander of the Légion d'Honneur on 1 March 1821 . They were also awarded the Swedish Order of the Sword . Despeaux was named Grand Officer of the Légion d'Honneur on 22 August 1853 and awarded the Grand Cross of the Légion d'Honneur on 7 February 1856 . They died on 23 October 1856 . They are buried in the Père Lachaise Cemetery in the 15th Division along Chemin de Gramont .
Notes
References
French generals
French military personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
French Republican military leaders of the French Revolutionary Wars
French military personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
People from Beauvais
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
1761 births
1856 deaths
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Bala Deshpande is the Senior Managing Director of the venture capital firm , New Enterprise Associates ( India ) since 2008 . NEA is a venture capital firm with over US $ 13 billion in committed capital . NEA started direct investments in India during the downturn in 2008 and has since built a portfolio of 14 companies .
According to Fortune India ( 2016 ) , they are the 49th most powerful women in India .
Education and personal life
They have completed their post-graduation in Economics from the University of Mumbai . They also hold a master 's degree in Management Studies from the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies .
They are married to Chaitanya Deshpande , who heads the Investor Relations and M & A functions at Marico Limited . The couple lives in Mumbai .
Career
They have over 23 years of professional experience , including 14 years of private equity experience . Them private equity experience has seen the full cycle from nurturing young companies to executing multiple exits , including IPO 's , buybacks , strategic sales , and capital market divestments . Under their leadership , NEA India 's assets under management ( AUM ) have grown from ~ $ 100mn to over ~ $ 350mn . Bala 's investment expertise includes sectors such as retail , media , IT & ITES , telecom , construction as also some manufacturing related industries .
Prior to joining the board of NEA ( India ) , Bala was the Director of Investments at ICICI Ventures since 2000 . At ICICI Venture , they used their operational experience to identify opportunities for investment and to play a strategic role in shaping the future of investee companies . They led teams in deals ranging from Rs 6 crore to Rs 300 crore at ICICI Venture . They launched leading e-commerce ventures like Traveljini and BillJunction . Further , they were involved in executing over 10 exits during their tenure with ICICI Ventures .
Before ICICI Ventures , Bala had multi industry exposure and has worked across diverse functions such as sales , distribution and brand management with MNCs such as Bestfoods , Cadbury and ICI . At Bestfoods , they were also part of the strategic planning team .
Recognition
Bala has been nominated among India 's top 50 most powerful women in business by Forbes consecutively in 2011 , and 2012 . They were also nominated for the Women Leadership Forum held at Bestfoods , New York .
Directorship
Bala is associated with several leading organizations in the capacity of a Director . They are currently on the board of :
Air Works India Engineering Private Ltd
Naaptol Online Shopping Pvt Ltd
Financial Software & Systems Private Ltd .
IndiaHomes
inTarvo Technologies Ltd .
VISHWA Infrastructures & Services Pvt . Ltd
Future Retail Limited ( formerly , Pantaloon Retail ( India ) Ltd )
Nova Medical Centers Private Ltd
Naukri Internet Services Pvt . Ltd
Info Edge ( India ) Ltd
References
External links
Bala Deshpande
Living people
Indian women chief executives
Indian chief executives
Year of birth missing ( living people )
University of Mumbai alumni
The following lists events that have happened in 1797 in the Qajar dynasty , Iran .
Incumbents
Monarch : Mohammad Khan Qajar ( until June 17 ) , Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar ( starting June 17 )
Events
June 17 - Fath-Ali Shah Qajar ascended to the throne .
Death
June 17 - Mohammad Khan Qajar , first king of Qajar Dynasty , was assassinated in Shusha , capital of Karabakh Khanate .
References
Iran
Years of the 18th century in Iran
1790s in Iran
Iran
Joanna Hayter is an Australian gender equality advocate and humanitarian aid worker .
Career
In the 1980s Hayter was Western Australian coordinator of People for Nuclear Disarmament . From 1987 to 1994 they worked for the Overseas Service Bureau as regional director of Africa programs . They then joined Save the Children UK and worked as country director in Vietnam from 1998 to 2000 . Returning to Australia they spent two years with the Australian International Health Institute before moving to Myanmar as country director for the Burnett Institute in 2004 . While working with AusAID on their illicit drugs program from 2007 to 2009 , they also held several positions with the United Nations .
Hayter was CEO of the Melbourne-based International Women 's Development Agency from 2010 to 2017 . Under their leadership the agency 's influence grew , with programs to benefit women and girls being run in the Asia Pacific Region .
They are a member of the Ministerial Council on Women 's Equality , a panel which advises the Victorian Minister for Women .
Honours and recognition
Hayter was named as one of the Australian Financial Review 's Women of Influence in 2013 . They were inducted onto the Victorian Honour Roll of Women in 2016 .
They were appointed Officer of the Order of Australia for `` distinguished service to women in the areas of gender equality and individual rights through leadership and policy development roles , and to the promotion of global health , peace and security '' in the 2018 Australian Day Honours .
References
External links
In Them Shoes interview
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Australian humanitarians
Women humanitarians
Officers of the Order of Australia
Leif Jacobsen is a Danish lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1984 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
The 2010–11 KML season was the 87th season of top-tier basketball in Estonia . It is sponsored by G4S and thus officially known as the G4S Korvpalli Meistriliiga . Defending champions were TÜ/Rock .
Team information
Regular season
Source : 2010/2011 Alexela Korvpalli Meistriliiga põhiturniir
Play-offs
Awards
Finals MVP
Armands Šķēle – Kalev/Cramo
Best Young Player
Rain Veideman – TÜ/Rock
Coach of the Year
Aivar Kuusmaa – Kalev/Cramo
All-KML team
References
External links
G4S Korvpalli Meistriliiga ( Hooaeg : 2010/2011 )
Korvpalli Meistriliiga seasons
Estonian
KML
This is a list of Members of Parliament ( MPs ) in the Convention Parliament which began at Westminster on 25 April 1660 , and was held until 29 December 1660 . It was elected as a `` free parliament '' , i.e . with no oath of allegiance to the Commonwealth or to the monarchy .
The last parliament called by Royal Authority was originally the Long Parliament called on 3 November 1640 , but subsequently reduced to the Rump parliament under Pride 's Purge . There were four intervening parliaments called under the Commonwealth . The restored Rump Parliament had finally voted for its own dissolution on 16 March and summoned the new Convention Parliament .
The Convention Parliament was predominantly Royalist in its membership and called back the King , and restored the Constitution in Church and State . After the Declaration of Breda had been received , Parliament proclaimed on 8 May that King Charles II had been the lawful monarch since the death of Charles I in January 1649 . The Convention Parliament then proceeded to conduct the necessary preparation for the Restoration Settlement .
List of constituencies and members
This list contains details of the MPs elected in 1660 .
See also
List of MPs elected to the English parliament in 1659
References
Cobbett 's Parliamentary history of England , from the Norman Conquest in 1066 to the year 1803 ( London : Thomas Hansard , 1808 )
17th-century English parliaments
1660
1660 in England
The 1988 Lafayette Leopards football team was an American football team that represented Lafayette College during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season . The Leopards swept the Colonial League to win the conference championship .
In their eighth year under head coach Bill Russo , the Leopards compiled a 8–2–1 record . Chris LaPietra and Andy Nygren were the team captains .
The Leopards outscored opponents 420 to 251 . Their undefeated ( 5–0 ) conference record placed first in the six-team Colonial League standings .
Unranked in the preseason poll , Lafayette soon climbed the ranks during a five-game winning streak , reaching as high as No . 5 in the weekly national Division I-AA rankings . Non-conference losses in the middle of the year led to the team dropping out of the top 20 , and it finished the season unranked .
Lafayette played its home games at Fisher Field on College Hill in Easton , Pennsylvania .
Schedule
References
Lafayette
Lafayette Leopards football seasons
Patriot League football champion seasons
Lafayette Leopards football
Chris Lewis was the defending champion , but lost in the second round this year .
Gene Mayer won the title , defeating Peter Elter 3–6 , 6–3 , 6–2 , 6–1 in the final .
Seeds
Peter McNamara ( second round )
Gene Mayer ( champion )
Chip Hooper ( quarterfinals )
Mel Purcell ( second round )
Shlomo Glickstein ( quarterfinals )
Chris Lewis ( second round )
n/a
Stanislav Birner ( second round )
Draw
Final
Section 1
Section 2
External links
1982 Bavarian Tennis Championships Singles draw
Singles
Cnemaspis gunawardanai , or Gunawardana 's day gecko , is a species of diurnal rupicolous gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka .
Taxonomy
The species is closely resembling C. rajakarunai , C. hitihamii , and other congeners of the alwisi group .
Etymology
The specific name gunawardanai '' is named in honor of Dr. Jagath Gunawardana . They are a leading environmental activist , conservationist , and a lawyer contributed to popularizing environmental laws among the general public .
Description
An adult male is 37.4 mm long . Dorsum homogeneous with keeled granular scales . There are four spine-like tubercles on flanks . Dorsum patterned with creamy and yellowish vertebral markings on a uniform dark brown background . Snout is light brown . There is a black spot on the neck . A a vertebral cream stripe shading visible posteriorly . Arms and legs uniform dark brown with pale and dark blotches . Tail is dark brown with six pale yellow markings .
Ecology
The gecko found only from two localities : Pilikuttuwa and Maligatenna , Gampaha district . Entirely wild species , it is commonly inhabited in dry , shaded , cool surfaces of rock outcrops inside caves . The researchers suggested critically endangered IUCN category for the species due to regional endemism .
References
Reptiles of Sri Lanka
gunawardanai
Reptiles described in 2021
Shine On is the second album by Australian rock band Jet , released on 30 September 2006 in Australia and internationally on 2–3 October 2006 .
The iTunes Store leaked the album in the Australian and United Kingdom stores on 16 September 2006 , two weeks before the official release date . After iTunes leaked the album , Shine On made its way onto file sharing sites through forums of similar bands and people shared that information on Jet 's MySpace page .
On 23 September 2006 , Triple J premiered the album on its Music Specials show along with interviews with the band . A day later , Nova 100 played the entire album on the radio as a preview .
History
NME first reported in June 2006 that the tracks * '' L'esprit D'escalier '' , `` Holiday '' , `` Hey Kids '' ( for the US version only ) , `` Shiny Magazine '' , `` Eleanor '' , and `` All You Have to Do '' were set to appear on the album . `` Hey Kids '' was released on the Elektra soundtrack but the band liked it so much , they revived it for this album . `` Rip It Up '' was originally titled `` Nothing to Lose '' , and images of the work in progress lyrics can be viewed in the `` Shine On '' teaser video that was released in August 2006 , along with lyrics for `` Do n't Worry Baby '' .
Australian newspaper Herald Sun described the following tracks prior to the release of Shine On :
`` All You Have to Do '' :
`` Eleanor '' : `` Eleanor '' sounds like it 's from the '40s .
`` King 's Horses '' : There 's one track , `` King 's Horses '' , which is this nursery rhyme which talks a bit about the bitterness we felt over the past two years .
`` Shiny Magazines '' : And there 's `` Shiny Magazines '' which has the Phil Spector vibe .
`` Shine On '' : The song `` Shine On '' was written by Nic to comfort their family after their father 's death . `` It was inevitable I would write a song that dealt with all of that , but it was almost too big a subject for me to handle '' , Nic says . `` Then I got a phone call from my mum saying everyone was fucked so I wrote the song through Dad 's eyes , what they would say to help everyone through . We recorded it in one take , but it was fucking emotional , very heavy . We could n't be happier with this album '' .
Reception
The album debuted at No . 3 on the Australian ARIA Albums chart the week of 8 October 2006 and became the fiftieth-highest selling album for 2006 , and was certified platinum ( 70,000 units shipped ) . It also debuted and peaked at No . 13 on the Official UK Top 75 Albums Chart and No . 16 on the Billboard 200 , but quickly fell out of the top 100 within four weeks .
As of 2007 , the album has sold 137,000 copies in the United States . As of 2012 , Shine On and Shaka Rock have sold 212,000 copies combined in the United States .
Critical reaction to the album was mixed . British music magazine NME , for instance , called the record `` another joyfully old-fashioned rock 'n ' roll album immersed in the classics '' , while AllMusic gave the album 3.5 stars out of 5 as a solid if undistinguished second effort . In contrast , the American review site Pitchfork posted a review containing only a video clip of a chimpanzee urinating into its own mouth , along with a score of 0.0 out of a possible 10 .
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
Jet Official website
[ billboard.com ]
2006 albums
Albums produced by Dave Sardy
Jet ( band ) albums
Atlantic Records albums
Wild Season is a 1967 South African drama film directed by Emil Nofal and starring Gert Van den Bergh , Marie Du Toit and Antony Thomas . A family operating a trawler off the South African coast , suffers numerous personal tragedies .
A number of scenes were directed by Jans Rautenbach , because Emil Nofal suffered from seasickness .
Cast
Gert Van den Bergh - Dirk Maritz
Marie Du Toit - Martie Maritz
Joe Stewardson - 1st Mate Tom Sheppard
Janis Reinhardt - Jess Sheppard
Antony Thomas - Michael Maritz
Johan Du Plooy - Hennie de Waal
Ian Yule - Andy Wilson
Michael Spalletta - Mario
Bibliography
Tomaselli , Keyan . The cinema of apartheid : race and class in South African film . Routledge , 1989 .
References
External links
1967 films
1967 drama films
English-language South African films
Afrikaans-language films
Films directed by Emil Nofal
Films directed by Jans Rautenbach
South African drama films
Graeco-Phrygian ( ) is a proposed subgroup of the Indo-European language family which comprises the Hellenic and Phrygian languages .
Modern consensus views Greek as the closest relative of Phrygian , a position that is supported by Brixhe , Neumann , Matzinger , Woodhouse , Ligorio , Lubotsky , and Obrador-Cursach . Furthermore , out of 36 isoglosses collected by Obrador Cursach , Phrygian shared 34 with Greek , with 22 being exclusive between them . The last 50 years of Phrygian scholarship developed a hypothesis that proposes a proto-Graeco-Phrygian stage out of which Greek and Phrygian originated , and if Phrygian was more sufficiently attested , that stage could perhaps be reconstructed .
Evidence
The linguist Claude Brixhe points to the following features Greek and Phrygian are known to have in common and in common with no other language :
a certain class of masculine nouns in the nominative singular ending in -s
a certain class of denominal verbs
the pronoun auto-
the participial suffix -meno-
the stem kako-
and the conjunction ai
Obrador-Cursach ( 2019 ) has presented further phonetic , morphological and lexical evidence supporting a close relation between Greek and Phrygian , as seen in the following tables that compare the different isoglosses between Phrygian , Greek , Armenian , Albanian and Indo-Iranian .
Other proposals
Greek has also been variously grouped with Armenian and Indo-Iranian ( Graeco-Armenian ; Graeco-Aryan ) , Ancient Macedonian ( Hellenic ) and , more recently , Messapic . Greek and Ancient Macedonian are most often classified under Hellenic ; at other times , ancient Macedonian is seen as a Greek dialect and thus , Hellenic is posited to consist of only Greek dialects . The linguist Václav Blažek states that , in regard to the classification of these languages , `` the lexical corpora do not allow any quantification '' ( see corpus and quantitative comparative linguistics ) .
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Anfosso , Milena . `` Le Phrygien : une langue balkanique perdue en Anatolie '' [ Phrygian : a Balkan Language Lost in Anatolia ] . In : Anatolie : de l'époque archaïque à Byzance . Actes de la journée doctorale organisée à l'université de Paris-Sorbonne dirigée par Anaïs Lamesa , Giusto Traina . Dialogues d'histoire ancienne n° . 22 . Besançon : Presses Universitaires de Franche-Comté , 2021 . 37-66. .
Graeco-Phrygian
Unclassified Indo-European languages
