Cornwall Coliseum was a sport and entertainment venue located in St Austell , Cornwall , England . It hosted exhibitions , tennis tournaments and many concerts by leading musicians , but lost its importance with the opening of the Plymouth Pavilions in 1991 .
History
The Carlyon Beach area began to develop as a popular recreation area in the 20th century , with one of the visitors being the Prince of Wales . During a visit they suggested that a sports club could be constructed on the beach for wealthy locals and in the early 1930s the building , known as the Riviera Club opened to the public . The complex featured a spa with swimming pool , tearooms and tennis courts where Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson were reputed to have visited .
During the outbreak of World War II , the complex project 's development , still not yet fully completed , was put to a halt . The beach was used for military operations in this time , however in the 1950s the complex re-opened and continued developing as a leisure and entertainment centre . In the early 1960s the complex , owned by a Mr. and Mrs. Lovett , had become a large concert venue , with a capacity of over 2000 seats and featuring a bar . The main auditorium area was previously the two indoor tennis courts . The complex became known as the New Cornish Riviera Lido , although the music venue still kept the Riviera Club name .
In the 1960s , the venue became increasingly popular , where the venue would bring in some major musical artists of the time including The Pretty Things , Chris Farlowe , Them , The Poets , Procol Harum , Herman 's Hermits , The Kinks and DDDBMT . Each performance generally sold out , and the complex became a premier venue in the area .
The owner Mr. Lovett soon decided to run dances in the venue , however by the end of 1966 Newquay was becoming increasingly popular , with the Blue Lagoon and a number of smaller club/venues . The venue would enjoy a resurrection in the 1970s as punk and new wave peaked commercially , and was a popular venue on the new wave circuit . Through the 1970s and 1980s , various major acts of the era would perform at the venue , including Thin Lizzy , The Ramones , The Clash , The Jam , The Police , Marillion , The Cure , Status Quo , The Who , Eric Clapton , Black Sabbath , Cliff Richard , Iron Maiden , Rainbow , Slade , Bon Jovi , Simple Minds , Deborah Harry , T'Pau , Wham ! and Glen Campbell who recorded a live album there in 1981 , as well as many comedy and light entertainment acts . During this period , the site was extended and featured a roller disco , amusement arcade , Wimpy restaurant and box office .
During the 1970s , the original badminton courts were developed into a disco known variously as Beelzebub , Bentleys , Quasars and lastly Gossips by the 1990s . The complex would be renamed firstly to Cornish Leisure World and then Cornwall Coliseum . The Cornwall Coliseum was one of the largest indoor venues of its kind during the 1980s . It had a licensed capacity of 3,400 , standing , and a seated capacity of 2,600 . In addition the discothèque won the discothèque of the year award when it was re-furbished in the late 1980s , which itself had a licensed capacity of approximately 750 . During the 1980s the venue would play host to the Radio One road shows , and in 1986 , Alison Moyet would record the music video for their single `` Is This Love ? '' on the beach and outside the coliseum . Additionally , in 1988 , T'Pau recorded a large part of the video for their single `` Road to Our Dream '' inside the venue during final production rehearsals for the `` Rage Across Europe '' tour .
In 1990 , planning permission was obtained for holiday homes to be created in the surrounding area , together with a sea wall with rock armouring . The planning also included refurbishing and extending the Coliseum complex . This plan never materialised , as by the 1990s , the venue started to decline , despite the occasional performances of major artists such as The Cure , Jimmy Page & Robert Plant ( of Led Zeppelin ) and Paul McCartney . The venue started to compete against the bigger venues in both Plymouth and Devon , such Plymouth Pavilions , which opened in 1991 , and the stadiums who could better accommodate the more popular acts .
In August 1998 , the Megadog Beach Festival was held at the site using the car park as an outdoor stage , the permanent buildings as indoor stages and the beach itself as camping . 10,000 people attended and headliners included 808 State .
The venue continued until early 2003 when only the Gossips nightclub remained open , until its closure too shortly after . Ampersand acquired the venue in 2002 and aimed to create a privately funded world-class resort of 500 top-class apartments , with the main obstacle being the need for better sea defences . Despite clear plans of a 200 million blueprints , no work had taken place due to legal battles and public enquiries . Since then the coliseum has increasingly declined and was partly demolished from the inside . The roof was also removed , exposing the venue to open weather . The site remains out-of-bounds to the public and is considered unstable and dangerous .
Commercial Estates Group obtained planning permission in 2011 to redevelop the site .
Approval for a £250m redevelopment project was granted in February 2015 and demolition of the main building began in April 2015 .
References
Entertainment venues in England
Buildings and structures in Cornwall
Rakshana ( ) is a 1993 Telugu-language action film , produced by Akkineni Venkat under the Annapurna Studios banner and directed by Uppalapati Narayana Rao . It stars Nagarjuna and Shobhana , with music composed M. M. Keeravani . The film was recorded as Average at the box office . Dubbed into Tamil and released as Kaaval Thurai .
Plot
Bose is an A.C.P . from Visakhapatnam who comes to Hyderabad . They stay with their friend . They are known for their righteous but raging actions , and their friend gets worried about it . Bose tries to stop Chinna and Nalla Sreenu , who are both brothers and underworld dons . Bose arrests Chinna as they seek revenge on him . Meanwhile , Padma falls in love with Bose as they eventually get married and have a daughter . Nalla Sreenu becomes a party president . Bose and their friend try to end Chinna and Nalla Sreenu 's schemes and stop their crimes . Chinna kills Bose 's friend when the latter and Bose kidnap Chinna . Eventually , Chinna kidnaps Bose 's daughter . How Bose saves their daughter and finishes the villains forms the rest of the story .
Cast
Nagarjuna as A.C.P . Bose
Shobhana as Padma
Salim Ghouse as Chinna
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Nalla Sreenu
Nassar as Bose 's friend
Brahmanandam
J. D. Chakravarthy
M. Balaiah
Banerjee
Chinni Jayanth
Nirmalamma
Chinna
Kadambari Kiran
Ananth
M. M. Keeravani in a special appearance
Roja in a special appearance
Prabhu Deva in a special appearance
Silk Smitha as an item number
Soundtrack
The film songs were composed by M. M. Keeravani . Music released on AKASH Audio Company .
Awards
Nandi Award for Best Choreographer - Prabhu Deva
References
External links
1993 films
1990s Telugu-language films
1990s police procedural films
Films scored by M. M. Keeravani
Julia Aviva Hahn ( born April 1 , 1991 ) is an American writer . Between 2017 and 2021 , they were deputy communications director in the Trump White House .
Early life
Hahn was born to a Jewish family , and grew up in Beverly Hills . They attended Harvard-Westlake School in Los Angeles . Them grandfather is Harold Honickman , the head of a successful soft-drink bottling company , who in 2002 was estimated to be worth $ 850 million .
Hahn attended the University of Chicago , studying philosophy . While a student , they also studied in Paris . Hahn 's senior thesis at the University of Chicago was on `` issues at the intersection of psychoanalysis and post-Foucauldian philosophical inquiry '' .
Career
Hahn started their career as producer for The Laura Ingraham Show , eventually becoming executive producer of the show . Hahn then became press secretary for Virginia Congressman Dave Brat .
In 2015 , Hahn began working at Breitbart News as a writer . They followed Steve Bannon to the White House , becoming their deputy policy strategist . They remained in the White House after Bannon 's departure and worked in a communications position . They wrote headlines such as `` Republican-Led Congress Oversees Large-Scale Importation of Somali Migrants . ''
According to The New York Times , on entering the White House at age 25 , Hahn 's financial disclosure forms indicate they had some $ 1.5 million in stocks including investments in PepsiCo and the State of Israel , as well as a Custodial Bank Account for minors containing between $ 500,000– $ 1 million .
In August 2020 , The New York Times reported that Hahn compiled White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany 's briefing binder for their White House press briefings .
In January 2021 , Hahn was hired on U.S . Senator Bill Hagerty 's staff .
Controversy
In October 2020 , the Southern Poverty Law Center published a report to its Hatewatch blog based on leaked emails by Hahn 's former colleague at Breitbart News , Katie McHugh . The article alleged that Hahn had connections to prominent white nationalists during their time as a Breitbart reporter and producer for Laura Ingraham . In response to the story , the White House issued a statement on Hahn 's behalf , saying that they `` condemns racism and hatred in all forms '' and describing the emails as `` cherry-picked . ''
References
1991 births
Living people
People from Beverly Hills , California
21st-century American journalists
American women journalists
Jewish American journalists
University of Chicago alumni
Breitbart News people
Trump administration personnel
Harvard-Westlake School alumni
21st-century American women
David McLean ( born 5 October 1977 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Balmain Tigers and the Penrith Panthers in the NRL .
Playing career
A Parramatta junior , McLean was graded by the now defunct Balmain Tigers in 1997 . They made their first grade debut from the bench in their side 's 30−16 loss to the Newcastle Knights at Leichhardt Oval in round 23 of the 1998 season . This was their only game of first grade for Balmain . The Tigers finished the season in 13th position and folded at the end of following the season . McLean remained at Balmain during the 1999 season , but did not make any appearances in first grade . Balmain controversially merged with rivals the Western Suburbs Magpies to form the Wests Tigers as part of the NRL 's rationalization strategy . McLean was not offered a contract to play with the newly formed team for the 2000 NRL season and subsequently left the club at season 's end .
They later joined the Penrith Panthers , making their club debut for Penrith coming off the bench in their side 's 31−12 loss to the Cronulla Sharks at Penrith Stadium in round 6 of the 2001 season . This was their only first grade appearance in the 2001 season . Their opportunities in the top grade would be limited in the coming seasons , with solitary appearances in both 2003 and 2004 and in the meantime being captain of the St. Marys-Penrith Cougars in the NSWRL Premier League .
In 2005 however they earned some more consistent time in the NRL , making 7 appearances that were spaced out throughout the season . Although primarily a forward their one starting appearance for the Panthers that year was at . Their final game of first grade came in their side 's 38−22 victory over the Wests Tigers at Stadium Australia in the final round of the 2005 season . At season 's end they left the Panthers , taking up the role of captain-coach of Berkeley Eagles in the Illawarra competition . In 2007 they were crowned the player of the year by the Country Rugby League , and later joined Ourimbah Wyoming Magpies in the Central Coast competition where they played out their career . Post-career they stayed on at the Central Coast and was involved with coaching with a number of clubs .
References
1977 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Balmain Tigers players
Penrith Panthers players
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Sydney
The European Dairy Association ( EDA ) is a representative of the milk processing industry in the European Union . The EDA 's headquarters are located in Schuman , Brussels . The legal status of EDA under Belgian law is AISBL .
History
The association was founded in 1995 by a merger of different dairy associations with ASSILEC , the predecessor organisation of the EDA . Its founding members were the national dairy associations of ASSILEC . Since its foundation , the development of the EDA has followed the further enlargement of the European Union and the deepening of EU policies . Today , the membership of the EDA has 22 national associations .
Action
The EDA voices the priorities of the milk processing industry on an EU level . On behalf of and in close cooperation with its members ( national dairy associations ) , the association acts and interacts with international and EU institutions , non-governmental organisations , the international media and other relevant stakeholders ( Codex Alimentarius , WTO ) .
Presidents
Membership
The membership of the European Dairy Association ( EDA ) is composed of the national dairy associations representing the national dairy processors ( private companies and cooperatives ) .
Austria : Vereinigung Osterreichischer Milchverarbeiter ( VÖM )
Belgium : Confédération belge de l'industrie laitière ( CBL )
Germany : Milchindustrie-Verband ( MIV )
France : Association de la production laitière ( ATLA )
Czech Republic : Czech Moravian
Denmark : Mejeriforeningen
Estonia : Eesti Piimaliit
Finland : Finnish Milk Processors and Dairy
Greece : SEVGAP ( Hellenic Association of Milk and Dairy Products Industry )
Ireland : Irish Dairy Industries Association ( IDIA )
Italy : ASSOLATTE
Luxembourg : Association laitière Luxembourgeoise ( A.L.L )
Netherlands : Nederlandse Zuivel Organisatie ( NZO )
Poland : Zwiazek Polskich Przetworcow Mlka ( ZPPM )
Portugal : Federaçao Nacional das Cooperativas de Productores de Leite ( FENALAC )
Slovenia : Slovene Dairy association
Spain : Federacion National de Industrias Lacteas ( FENIL )
Sweden : Federacion of Swedish Farmers
The EDA is a member of the EU umbrella organisation FoodDrinkEurope .
External links
Official website
European Commission 's Milk Market Observatory
References
1995 establishments in Europe
Dairy organizations
Organisations based in Brussels
Agricultural organisations based in Belgium
Organizations established in 1995
The Club Naval de Ferrol is a yacht club in Galicia ( Spain ) . This club is located in the harbor city of Ferrol .
History
The Club Naval de Ferrol was originally established on May 17 , 1950 , under the name Comisión Naval de Regatas ( CNR ) . Its name was changed Club Naval de Oficiales ( CNO ) in February 1974 to and its scope of activities was limited to the amusement and entertainment of the Spanish Navy personnel posted to the Naval Station of Ferrol and their families .
Since May 25 , 2003 , the official name is Centro Deportivo y Sociocultural de Oficiales de Ferrol .
Facilities
This institution counts with an excellent library ( with some antique and rare books ) swimming pools , golf courses , football , basketball and tennis courts , restaurants , dancing halls , sailing clubs , and a naval museum .
External links
Official website
Ferrol
Ferrol
Ferrol
Ferrol
Ferrol
Museums in Galicia ( Spain )
Naval museums
1950 establishments in Spain
The Shishmaref Inlet ( Inupiaq : Qigiqtam Imaġzrua ) is a coastal lagoon on the Chukchi Sea-facing shores of Alaska . It is 5 miles in length .
The location of the Shishmaref Inlet is SW 17 mi . to the SW from Sarichef Island , at the mouth of the Serpentine River , Kotzebue-Kobuk Low .
This lagoon was named Shishmaref Bay in 1816 by explorer Lt. Otto von Kotzebue , of the Imperial Russian Navy , after Capt . Lt. Gleb Shishmaryov who accompanied them on their exploration .
References
Description and location - USGS
Lagoons of Alaska
Bodies of water of Nome Census Area , Alaska
Lowell Orton North ( December 2 , 1929 – June 2 , 2019 ) was an American sailor and Olympic gold medalist . They competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City , where they received a gold medal in the Star class with the boat North Star , together with Peter Barrett .
Biography
North was born in Springfield , Missouri on December 2 , 1929 . They were the son of Williard North , a geophysicist for oil companies , and Juanita Williams North , a homemaker . When Lowell was young the family moved to Southern California , where they learned to sail in Newport Beach and later in San Diego .
They got their start as a sailmaker at the age of 14 , when they and their father raced Star class boats and regularly lost . They recut the sail and improved their record . In 1945 , at age 15 , they crewed for Malin Burnham in the Star World Championships , which they won . North later said , `` It was n't me Malin wanted . It was my mainsail . '' During the next 30 years they won another four-Star Worlds .
They studied at San Diego State College and earned a degree in civil engineering from the University of California , Berkeley . They worked as a structural engineer in the aerospace industry , but sail design remained their main passion . They opened their first sail making company in the late 1950s , where `` his methodical and scientific approach to sailmaking changed the industry . '' They used computer modeling , new materials , and advanced manufacturing techniques . In 1957 they founded North Sails , a world-wide company producing sailing equipment , in San Diego .
They received a bronze medal in the Dragon class at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo .
North participated in 1977 America 's Cup defender series where they skippered the 12 metre yacht Enterprise .
North retired in 1984 . In 2011 , they were inducted into the National Sailing Hall of Fame .
Personal life
In 1956 they married Kay Gillette North ( March 9 , 1933 – September 5 , 2021 ) . They had three children : Danny , Holly , and Julie . They later divorced . In 1994 they married Helen Beatrice Davidson , known as Bea , who survived him .
See also
Star World Championships – Multiple medallist
List of Olympic medalists in Dragon class sailing
References
External links
North Sails website
Sailing World
National Sailing Hall of Fame
1929 births
American male sailors ( sport )
2019 deaths
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in sailing
Sportspeople from Springfield , Missouri
Sailmakers
Sailors at the 1964 Summer Olympics – Dragon
Sailors at the 1968 Summer Olympics – Star
San Diego Yacht Club sailors
Star class world champions
US Sailor of the Year
Medalists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in sailing
1977 America 's Cup sailors
World champions in sailing for the United States
Soling class sailors
University of California , Berkeley alumni
Baba Hariram ( 1867–1947 ) was a Hindu saint who lived in Sindh .
Birth and early life
They were born on Sindh and developed as a guru and saint of Sindh during 19th Century CE ( 1867–1947 ) . They developed as baba under the guidance , teachings and blessings of Baba Kriparam .
They also followed Bhagat Wadhuram , an illiterate shopkeeper turned 'Baba ' and considered as `` Trader in Truth '' by Baba Hariram .
Devotees and beliefs
Devotees of Baba Hariram are mainly found in Sindh .
`` Baba Hariram was a sadhu of high spirituality at the same time a man of aggressive wordliness ''
Disciples
Sant Hirdaram Sahib
Ramchand , son of Sahajram and Rochalbai of Bhiryan village , Navabshah district , Sindh ( now in Pakistan ) became a disciple of Baba Hariram and took sanyas and renamed by their guru as Sant Hirdaram Sahib ( born 21 September 1906 ) ; and they later migrated to India during 1948 and first settled in Pushkar and later in Bairagarh , Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh and Bairagarh is renamed as `` Sant Hirdaram Nagar '' in 1995 by Government of Madhya Pradesh looking to the various benevolent activities being run with their blessings & inspiration by the charitable organization - Jeev Sewa Sansthan & its sister organizations . Rev . Siddh Bhauji is successor of Paramhans Sant Hirdaram Sahib . Like their Guru , Rev . Siddh Bhauji sought sanayasa and decided to remain Bal Brahmchari . They have been devoting every moment of their life for the welfare of suffering humanity .
References
Further reading
D. H. Butani , Baba Hariram , Saint of Sind , Promilla , 1 Jan 1981
19th-century Hindu religious leaders
20th-century Hindu religious leaders
People from Sindh
1867 births
1947 deaths
Pakistani Hindus
`` I Got ta Get to You '' is a song written Blaine Larsen , Jim Lauderdale and Jimmy Ritchey , and recorded by American country music artist George Strait . It was released in February 2010 as the 90th single of their career , as well as the third single from their album Twang . The single debuted at # 57 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts for the week of January 16 , 2010 , at the time their previous single , `` Twang , '' was still on the charts .
Content
The song 's narrator wants to romance their lover , saying to her , `` I got ta get to you , 'cause you sure been gettin ' to me '' .
Critical reception
Roughstock reviewer Allen Jacobs ' review focuses on how Strait 's previous single , `` Twang , '' missed the Top Ten , saying that the song will `` return them to their home in the Top Ten . ''
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2010 singles
George Strait songs
Songs written by Jim Lauderdale
Song recordings produced by Tony Brown ( record producer )
Songs written by Blaine Larsen
MCA Nashville Records singles
Songs written by Jimmy Ritchey
2009 songs
The saffron-crowned tanager ( Tangara xanthocephala ) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae . Found in the northern Andes of Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela , it inhabits cloud forest , forest edges , and secondary forest , preferring areas with mossy trees . It is an average-sized species of tanager with a blue-green body and yellow head with a black forecrown , lores , orbital area , and chin .
It forages in pairs or small groups of 3–7 individuals that are part of mixed-species flocks . It is the most frugivorous species in the genus Tangara , although it also feeds on insects . It forms breeding pairs and is thought to be socially monogamous . The only known nest contained a clutch of two eggs . It is listed as being a species of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) on the IUCN Red List , but may be threatened by habitat destruction .
Taxonomy and systematics
The saffron-crowned tanager was first described as Callospiza xanthocephala by Johann Tschudi in 1844 based on a specimen from Peru . The generic name Tangara is from the Tupí word tangara , meaning `` dancer '' . The specific name xanthocephala is from the Ancient Greek ξανθος ( xanthos ) , meaning yellow , and κεφαλος ( kephalos ) , meaning -headed . Saffron-crowned tanager is the official common name designated by the International Ornithologists ' Union . Other names for the species include saffron crowned tanager .
It is one of 27 species in the genus Tangara . Within the genus , it was placed in a species group with the blue-whiskered tanager , green-and-gold tanager , emerald tanager , golden tanager , silver-throated tanager , golden-eared tanager , and flame-faced tanager by Isler and Isler in 1987 . This placement is supported by a 2004 study of mitochondrial DNA by Kevin Burns and Kazuya Naoki . Within the species group , the saffron-crowned tanager is sister to a clade formed by blue-whiskered tanager , green-and-gold tanager , emerald tanager , golden tanager , silver-throated tanager , and flame-faced tanager . The following cladogram shows phylogenetic relationships within the species group based on the above study :
Subspecies
There are three recognized subspecies of the saffron-crowned tanager , which differ in the color of their crown .
T. x. venusta ( Sclater , PL , 1855 ) : Occurs from southern Venezuela to central Peru . It has a pure yellow crown .
T. x. xanthocephala ( Tschudi , 1844 ) : The nominate , it is found in central Peru .
T. x. lamprotis ( Sclater , PL , 1851 ) : Occurs from southeastern Peru to Bolivia . The crown is orange-yellow .
Description
The saffron-crowned tanager is an average-sized species of tanager , with a length of and a mass of . Both sexes look similar . Adults have a blue-green body with blackish streaking on the back . The forecrown , lores , orbital area ( region around the eyes ) , and chin are black , while the rest of the head is yellow , with an orange tinge to the crown . The wings and tail feathers are black , edged blue-green . The center of the belly and the undertail coverts are buff . The iris is dark brown , the bill is black , and the feet are gray . Juveniles are similar to adults but duller and more greenish . They also have yellowish-green instead of yellow on the head and buff-edged underparts .
The saffron-crowned tanager may be confused with the golden-eared and flame-faced tanagers . It can be distinguished by the former 's black mid-crown and nape , and by the latter 's solid black back and opalescent patch on wing coverts .
Vocalizations
The saffron-crowned tanager 's calls include a thin , high-pitched tsit and a high-pitched descending tsew . Its songs may be a series of squeaky , high-pitched notes .
Distribution and habitat
The saffron-crowned tanager is found in the Andes of Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela , where it inhabits cloud forests , forest edges , and secondary forest . It is also found in shaded plantations and large trees next to clearings and pastures . The species shows a preference for areas with mossy trees and inhabits elevations between .
Behavior and ecology
The saffron-crowned tanager is generally found in pairs or small groups of 3–10 individuals , mainly in mixed-species flocks with other species of tanagers and other canopy birds . In Venezuela , it is most often seen with the beryl-spangled tanager , golden tanager , and black-capped tanager .
Diet
The saffron-crowned tanager is the most frugivorous species in its genus . Fruits consumed include Cecropia , Morus , Miconia , and others in the family Melostomataceae . It also feeds on insects . The species is very active while foraging , with individuals constantly moving around or hopping while foraging . Foraging occurs primarily in the canopy , although fruit is foraged at all heights . Fruit is mainly gleaned while upright , but insects are foraged mainly from mossy branches by inspecting both sides of the branch , and then reaching into clumps of moss or sticking its whole head into moss .
Breeding
The saffron-crowned tanager forms breeding pairs and is thought to be socially monogamous . Individuals in breeding plumage have been reported from March-July . Juveniles have been reported in April in Venezuela , in March , April , and September in Colombia , in February , April , and August in Peru , and in November and December in Bolivia . The only known nest was found in November and was placed at a height of in moss on the underside of the lowest branch of a tree , containing a clutch of two eggs .
Status
The saffron-crowned tanager is listed as being a species of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) on the IUCN Red List due to its large range and lack of significant population decline . However , the species is threatened by habitat destruction .
References
saffron-crowned tanager
Birds of the Northern Andes
saffron-crowned tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alexander Peter Allain ( June 27 , 1920 – January 5 , 1994 ) was a lawyer and library advocate known for their work securing the freedom of expression . Their career was devoted to securing First Amendment rights for libraries .
Allain is recognized as one of American Libraries ' “ 100 of the Most Important Leaders we had in the 20th Century ” for being “ a true visionary ” in their battle to uphold the First Amendment ; their work with the American Library Association ( ALA ) included helping with the creation of the Office for Intellectual Freedom in 1967 and cofounding the Freedom to Read Foundation .
Early life
Born in Louisiana , as a young man , Allain served as a liaison officer in the French Navy during World War II , stationed in Casablanca . After serving time in the navy , they received their law degree from Loyola University New Orleans in 1942 . In 1953 , Allain was appointed to the St. Mary Parish Library Board of Control in Louisiana . It was during this time that the United States feared communism and scrutinized libraries for harboring any information that could potentially influence the public opinion . This was an influential time in Allain 's life as they went on to make intellectual freedom cases their life 's work .
The Louisiana Library Association
Allain was very involved in the Louisiana Library Association ( LLA ) as well as the ALA . In 1964 , they were the first chair of the Louisiana Library Association Intellectual Freedom Committee , and they continued to stay active in the state association throughout their life . They were instrumental in the formation of the Council of Louisiana Trustees ( COLT ) , which worked to organize library trustee activity in Louisiana . They also served in numerous other capacities such as chair and vice-chair of the LLA Trustees Section .
The Freedom to Read Foundation and the American Library Association
One of Allain 's biggest contributions to fight for intellectual freedom within libraries was the work they did with ALA 's Office of Intellectual Freedom to co-found the Freedom to Read Foundation ( FTRF ) in 1969 .
The FTRF was set up in conjunction with the ALA 's office of Intellectual Freedom instead of as a separate entity because of the work ALA was already doing to protect the First Amendment and intellectual freedom . When the Foundation was being planned for and organized , Allain expressed concern in a letter to the Director of the Intellectual Freedom Office , Judith Krug , that ALA members would forget what the ALA has done and continues to do for intellectual freedom by covering themselves in this new umbrella of aid and assistance in the FTRF . Allain felt that there should be overlap of both organizations so that the focus remained centered on intellectual freedom and could be worked on in harmony .
Allain also felt that in forming the FTRF with the ALA , the Foundation would be able to benefit from some of the clout and connections that ALA already had . They also suggested keeping policies between the two organizations similar because of their belief in the good work that the ALA does ; they were continuously concerned about the ALA in their creation of the foundation and did not want members to see the foundation as a replacement but rather an addition to .
Other works , achievements and involvements
Library trustees , along with intellectual freedom , were another area of Allain 's interest and expertise . Some of their publications in this area include , “ Trustees & Censorship , ” The Library Trustee : a Practical Guidebook , 1964 ; “ Public Library Governing Bodies & Intellectual Freedom ” , Library Trends , July 1970 ; and “ The First & Fourteenth Amendment as They Support Libraries , Librarians , Library Systems & Library Development ” , Illinois Libraries , January 1974 .
According to an article in memory of Allain in Louisiana Libraries , they won many awards including : LLA 's Modisette Award for Trustees ( 1965 ) , ALA 's Trustee Award ( 1969 ) , the University of Illinois ' Robert B. Downs Award ( 1973 ) , ALA Honorary Life Membership ( 1975 ) , the John Phillip Immroth Memorial Award ( 1979 ) , the Freedom to Read Foundation Roll of Honor Award ( 1989 and 1999 ) , the Southeastern Library Association President 's Award ( 1990 ) and the LLA Intellectual Freedom Award ( 1991 ) . The Franklin branch of the St. Mary Parish Library in Louisiana is named in Allain 's memory .
Outside of their professional life , Allain was an avid volunteer in the community . They were a member of Rotary International , Knights of Columbus , Scouting and their Chamber of Commerce .
Notes
1920 births
1994 deaths
People from Louisiana
American librarians
Loyola University New Orleans College of Law alumni
French Navy personnel of World War II
20th-century American lawyers
American librarianship and human rights
French Navy officers
American expatriates in Morocco
This is a list of films that are based on books about films and television .
Directors and producers
* * TV miniseries .
Screenwriters
Actresses
* * TV miniseries .
Actors
Stuntmen
Interviewers , newsreaders , hosts
Columnists and publicists
* TV movie .
Exhibitors
References
Notes
Bibliography
See also
Pages with the same format
List of films based on arts books
List of films based on civics books
List of films based on crime books
List of films based on sports books
List of films based on spy books
List of films based on war books
List of films based on westerns
Return to top of page .
Lists of films based on books
Wilmarsdonk was a village in Belgium , north of Antwerp , which has disappeared under the Port of Antwerp expansion .
The village was first mentioned in 1155 and merged into the city of Antwerp in 1927 .
The village was sacrificed to the expansion of the harbor and destroyed in 1965 .
Only the church tower was preserved .
External links
Present location
History of Antwerp
Former municipalities of Antwerp Province
Former populated places in Belgium
Irene Lilienheim Angelico ( born December 9 , 1946 ) is a Canadian film director , producer and writer .
Early life
Angelico was born in 1946 in Munich . I parents , survivors of the Vilna Ghetto , emigrated to Canada . They received a BA degree from Sir George Williams University , Montreal , in 1974 .
Career
In 1980 , Angelico and their partner Abbey Neidik , who would become a frequent collaborator , produced and directed the feature documentary , Dark Lullabies . The film explored the effect of the Holocaust on children of survivors and second-generation Germans . The film received the first prize for `` The Most Socially/Politically Engaging Film '' at Mannheim and the prize for `` The Most Memorable Film '' in Tokyo . It was included in The Fifty Greatest Documentaries of all Time at the international Salute to the Documentary , and selected to represent the best of the NFB 's Studio D at retrospectives in London and France . In the summer of 2013 , it was selected as the inaugural feature documentary at the Stratford Festival Forum . The film continues to be screened and broadcast worldwide including special commemorative screening in Berlin and Vilnius .
Angelico went on to write and direct 1998 's The Cola Conquest , a documentary about Coca-Cola as a metaphor for America . The documentary Black Coffee explored the history and social impact of coffee . The 2007 film Inside the Great Magazines was about the first international media .
Angelico also produced and wrote many documentaries including the 1992 Entre Solitudes about the Anglos of Quebec ; The Love Prophet and the Children of God about a sex for salvation cult ; They Got Game ; Vendetta Song , about an honour killing in Turkey ; Canadaville , USA ; about the town Franck Stonach built for Katrina Surviivors and Unbreakable Minds , a film that explores mental illness .
Angelico was one of the founding chairs of the Canadian Independent Film Caucus Montreal ( CIFC ) , now known as DOC .
Books
Angelico co-edited The Aftermath : A Survivor 's Odyssey Through War-Torn Europe , written by their father , Henry Lilienheim .
Collections
Them work is included in the collections of the National Film Board of Canada , the Australian Centre for the Moving Image and the Cinémathèque québécoise .
Filmography
... And They Lived Happily Ever After , 1975 ( co-directed with Kathleen Shannon and Anne Henderson )
Meditation in Motion ( 1979 )
Dark Lullabies ( 1985 )
Entre Solitudes / Between Solitudes ( 1992 )
The Burning Times ( 1990 )
The Cola Conquest ; A Trilogy ( 1998 )
The Love Prophet and the Children of God ( 1998 )
They Got Game , producer ( 2003 )
Vendetta Song ( 2005 )
Unbreakable Minds ( 2005 )
Black Coffee ( 2007 )
Canadaville , USA , producer ( 2008 )
Shekinah : The Intimate Life of Hasidic Women , producer
Beyond Earth : the Beginning of NewSpace , producer ( 2013 )
References
1949 births
Living people
Canadian women film producers
Canadian women screenwriters
Artists from Munich
Canadian women film directors
Crusheen ( ) , formerly called Inchicronan ( ) , is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland . There is also a catholic parish Crusheen , covering the same area .
The parish lies to the northeast of Ennis . It contains the villages of Crusheen and Ballinruan .
Location
The civil parish of Inchicronan is in the Bunratty Upper barony , about north of Ennis .
It is and covers , of which are water .
The land is mostly rough , rocky upland .
Lough Inchicronan is over long , and lies on the southern border of the parish .
The road from Ennis to Gort runs near the west side of the lake .
Antiquities
Knocknacullia fort and the structure called the Giant 's Grave are in the angle of the parish nearest to Spancil Hill .
The parish is named after Saint Cronán , but it is not known which of the various saints by this name it refers to .
Possibly they are the same saint as that of Roscrea and Tomgraney .
Their church was sited in the peninsula between the two arms of Lough Inchicronan .
In 1190 Donald O'Brien , king of Munster , founded an abbey for Canons Regular on an islet in Inchicronan lake .
The church was removed to make space for the abbey .
The abbey is very dilapidated .
The church and burial-ground of Kilvoydane are in far end of the parish near Spancil Hill .
Kiltolagh church and graveyard is in the townland of Carrowmore .
It is named after St. Tolagh , who was also the patron of the parish of Dysert .
The parish also holds the ruined churches of Kilvakee and Kilvilly , and there is a graveyard at Doonmulvihill but no trace of a church .
There are five holy wells , Tobarmacduach , Toberineenboy , Tobernaneeve , Toberbreeda , and Kilvoydan .
The ruins of the castle of Inchicronan stand near the lake . It is not included in the 1580 list of castles .
The castle at Doonmulvihill belonged to Owen MacSweeney in 1580 .
The population in 1841 was 5,118 in 866 houses . Of these , 4,924 in 834 houses were in rural areas .
Townlands
Townlands are Ballinruan , Ballygassan , Ballynagranagh , Ballyscanlan , Ballyvanna , Bunnahow , Caher , Caheraphuca , Calluragh , Cappafeean , Cappamore , Cappanapeasta , Carrahil , Carrowkeel Beg , Carrowkeel More , Carrownacloghy , Cloonagowan , Cloonawillin , Clooneen , Cloonmoney , Crusheen , Derrygarriff , Derrymore , Derrynagleragh , Derryvet , Doon , Drumbonniv , Drumcore , Drummanneen , Drumminacknew , Drumsallagh , Drumumna , Durra , Gortaficka , Gortaniska , Gortlurkaun , Gortnamearacaun , Inchicronan Island , Kilvoydan North , Kilvoydan South , Knockaloaghan , Knockmael East , Knockmael West , Knocknamucky , Knockreddan , Lahardan , Obrienscastle , Parkalough , Scalpnagown , Sranagalloon and Sunnagh .
References
Citations
Sources
Parishes of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Killaloe
Civil parishes of County Clare
The 49th edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was held from June 13 to June 27 , 1999 .
Stages
1999-06-13 : Circuito en Manizales ( 120 km )
1999-06-14 : Manizales — Pereira ( 102.3 km )
1999-06-15 : Armenia — Cali ( 179.3 km )
1999-06-16 : Cali — Cartago ( 181.7 km )
1999-06-17 : Cartago — La Pintada ( 164.6 km )
1999-06-18 : Santa Fé de Antioquia — Alto del Toyó ( 78 km )
1999-06-19 : Santa Fé de Antioquia — Edificio Inteligente ( 150 km )
1999-06-20 : Medellín — Medellín ( 31.5 km )
1999-06-21 : Bello — Puerto Berrío ( 177.4 km )
1999-06-22 : Puerto Berrío — Barrancabermeja ( 159.8 km )
1999-06-23 : Barrancabermeja — Bucaramanga ( 124.2 km )
1999-06-24 : Bucaramanga — Barichara ( 148.7 km )
1999-06-25 : San Gil — Tunja ( 188.3 km )
1999-06-26 : Tunja — Zipaquirá ( 171.8 km )
1999-06-27 : Circuito en Bogotá ( 100.8 km )
Final classification
See also
1999 Clásico RCN
References
cyclingnews
pedalesybielas ( Archived 2009-10-22 )
1999
Colombia
1999 in Colombian sport
June 1999 sports events in South America
Digger is an American pop punk band from Pennsylvania , signed to Hopeless Records .
History
Digger formed in the Lehigh Valley in the mid-1990s and signed to Hopeless Records in 1996 . Upon the event of Digger 's live recording being played on WMUH the word of the band spread quickly , which led to the band 's sign to Hopeless Records . The band released their first LP , Powerbait , and toured until the band came back to the studio to record The Promise of an Uncertain Future . The band became a three piece in this era , and launched a world tour . Then Monte Carlo was released as a follow up . Not very long afterward , Digger released the Trainwreck EP . Then after another member change , Digger released what would be their last full album , Keystone . The departure of the group 's bassist and guitarist resulted in their canceling their tour to support the album . After replacing the members , the group continued touring and recording up until the summer of 2004 , when they disbanded .
Three of five songs of the final recording of Digger have been posted on purevolume.com for free download . This final EP is entitled Seaside Diner .
In October 2015 , original members Matthew Gregorec and Chris Benner decided to reform with Gregorec taking over second guitar responsibilities , Ben Stephens replacing Gregorec on the bass , and Ryan Keller joining the pop-punk veterans on the drums .
Members
Founding members
Chris Benner - guitar , vocals ( 1995–Present )
Matthew Gregorec - vocals , bass , guitar ( 1995–Present )
Mike `` Maniac '' Fisher - drums ( 1995–1998 )
Phil Nelson - vocals , guitar ( 1995–1997 ) ( Deceased )
Later members
Jeff Kish - guitar , vocals ( 1997-1999 )
Mark Kale - guitar ( 1999-2000 )
Mike Bowen - drums ( 1999-2000 )
Ben Stephens - bass ( 2000–Present )
Garrett Hoskins - guitar ( 2000–2002 )
Mike Kelly - drums ( 2001–2004 )
Warren Cooke - bass ( 2003–2004 )
Tim Wright - guitar ( 2003–2004 )
Jay Thomas - bass ( 2004 )
Ryan Keller - drums ( 2015-Present )
Joel Heidecker - guitar ( 1997-1999 )
Tommy Cobb - bass ( 2018-Present )
Discography
Powerbait ( Hopeless Records , 1996 )
The Promise of an Uncertain Future ( Hopeless , 1998 )
Monte Carlo ( Hopeless , 2000 )
Trainwreck EP ( Hopeless , 2001 )
Keystone ( Hopeless , 2002 )
Tattoo Broken Hearts EP ( Wynona Records , 2003 )
Seaside Diner EP ( Not released on label , 2004 )
References
[ Digger ] at AllMusic
Pop punk groups from Pennsylvania
Hopeless Records artists
The 2008 World Science Festival was a science festival held in New York City . The festival ( May 28 – June 1 , 2008 ) consisted mainly of panel discussions and on-stage conversations , accompanied by multimedia presentations . A youth and family program presented topics such as sports from a scientific perspective and included an extensive street fair . A cultural program led by actor and writer Alan Alda focused on art inspired by science . The festival also included a World Science Summit , a meeting of high-level participants from the worlds of science , politics , administration , and business .
The festival was the brainchild of Columbia University physicist Brian Greene and their wife , Emmy Award-winning television journalist Tracy Day . It was held in partnership with major New York City cultural and academic institutions , including Columbia University , New York University and the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
History and background
The World Science Festival was founded by Brian Greene , a Columbia University physics professor and author of several popular-science books ( such as The Elegant Universe ) , and their wife , Emmy Award-winning television journalist Tracy Day . Inspired by a visit to the 2005 Festival della Scienza in Genoa , where Greene had been invited to speak , the two decided that founding a similar festival in New York City would be a unique opportunity to bring science to the wider public . As they envisioned it , such a festival would allow them to combine Greene 's skills as a scientist and science communicator with Day 's as a journalist and producer : the events were meant to be rooted in science , but also to conform to the production standards of professional TV or theater productions .
Day and Greene sounded out scientists and science communicators about their idea , enlisting many of their contacts as the festival 's scientific advisors . They met with the presidents of the city 's major universities and its cultural and scientific institutions , forging partnerships for the festival 's organization . According to Greene , their idea fell on open ears wherever they went , and the most frequent reaction to their proposal was the expression of disbelief that a festival like this did not already exist in New York City . Early 2006 saw the founding of the Science Festival Foundation ( SFF ) , a non-profit organization based in New York City , dedicated to organizing the festival and related events . Greene serves as the foundation 's chairperson , and is also on its board of directors . The other members of the board are Alan Alda , Columbia University president Lee Bollinger , the foundation 's president Judith Cox , New York University president John Sexton , and Tracy Day , who also serves as the festival 's executive director .
Next came the assembly of a team of producers who were to organize the festival 's events . Notably Kyle Gibson , an Emmy Award-winning former producer of Nightline with Ted Koppel , joined the festival as senior program producer , while production of the Youth and Family Program was put into the hands of Robin Reardon , a former show producer for Walt Disney Imagineering and former vice president of Universal Studios Creative , who also became the festival 's managing director . The task of raising the Festival 's New York City profile went to Vice President Marketing Ben Austin , who previously worked for the New York City Department of Education doing Public Relations for Caroline Kennedy , but who had a scientific background appropriate to the new Festival .
The foundation organizes the World Science Festival ( WSF ) in partnership with Columbia University , New York University , the City University of New York , Rockefeller University and the Cooper Union , as well as cultural institutions such as the Metropolitan Museum of Art , the Guggenheim Museum , and the Museum of Modern Art . Financial support comes from individuals , from numerous foundations , and from corporate sponsors which , for the 2008 festival , included the Sloan Foundation , the Simons Foundation , the Templeton Foundation , the Rockefeller Foundation , the Cullman Foundation , and Credit Suisse .
Inaugural festival
The inaugural World Science Festival took place from May 28 to June 1 , 2008 , at 22 venues throughout New York City . It included 46 events , a street fair and , on its first day , the one-day World Science Summit at Columbia University . The Festival was attended by 120,000 people . It featured several different kinds of presentations : science events for a general audience , a cultural program focusing on art inspired by science , and a youth and family program . Although inaugural , no other festival is planned .
World Science Summit
Preceding the public events was the invitation-only World Science Summit on May 28 , 2008 ; New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg opened the Festival . At the summit , an invited audience interacted with eminent scientists in several panel discussions . Participants included Nina Fedoroff ( Science and Technology Advisor to U. S. Secretary of State , Condoleezza Rice ) , biologist David Baltimore and cancer researcher Harold Varmus .
As part of the summit , the winners of the first Kavli Prizes were announced in a simulcast linking New York City and Oslo . The first Kavli Prize for astrophysics was awarded to Maarten Schmidt and Donald Lynden-Bell for their pioneering work on quasars . Louis E. Brus and Sumio Iijima shared the nanoscience prize for their contributions to the science of quantum dots and carbon nanotubes , respectively . Pasko Rakic , Thomas Jessell and Sten Grillner were awarded the neuroscience prize for their research into how neuronal networks develop and communicate .
Festival events
Events covered a wide variety of scientific topics , and combined talks , demonstrations , video presentations and panel discussions . A number of events addressed `` big questions '' . For example , a roster of scientists including physicist William Phillips , philosopher Patricia Churchland , neuroscientist Antonio Damasio , philosopher Daniel Dennett , cognitive scientist Marvin Minsky , and cancer researcher Harold Varmus , debated `` What It Means to Be Human '' in a panel discussion moderated by Charlie Rose . A recurring theme was the wider implications of scientific results , as exemplified by a discussion on the promises and consequences of personal genomics involving biochemist Paul Nurse , sociologist Nikolas Rose , and human genome project leader Francis Collins . A number of events explored the interface between science and the arts ; for instance , a panel including psychologist Nancy C. Andreasen , choreographer and dancer Bill T. Jones , and actor and writer Michael York focused on the scientific study of creativity . Other audiences saw physicists Lawrence Krauss and radio host Ira Flatow presenting modern cosmology , paleontologist Richard Leakey exploring the sixth extinction , and chemist F. Sherwood Rowland and Rensselaer Polytechnic president Shirley Ann Jackson discussing new ways of satisfying humanity 's energy needs . A number of events were co-productions with the festival 's partners , such as a discussion between Robert Krulwich and neurologist and author Oliver Sacks on perception , held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , and musician Mark Oliver Everett 's exploration of the scientific legacy of their father , Hugh Everett , at the Museum of Modern Art .
The festival 's cultural program ranged from a string theory-themed dance performance choreographed by Karole Armitage to a storytelling event in cooperation with The Moth , which featured journalist and writer Lucy Hawking , physicist Jim Gates and writer Sam Shepard , among others . Alan Alda revisited their role as Richard Feynman in Peter Parnell 's play QED in a staged reading at Columbia University 's Miller Theatre , and the choir of the Abyssinian Baptist Church joined Oliver Sacks in an exploration of music and science . The festival also saw the première of Dear Albert , a reading for the stage written by Alda based on the letters of Albert Einstein , and starring Anthony LaPaglia as Einstein .
Events for a younger audience included an examination of the science of sports ( with sports scientist Tom Crawford , neuroscientist David Eagleman , and athletes such as Brevin Knight , Lisa Willis and Leilani Mitchell ) . For the festival 's first event , New York City high-school students interviewed robotics expert Cynthia Breazeal and physicist Leon Lederman on-stage , moderated by MTV 's SuChin Pak . Another event was presented by the Disney Imagineers , who explored the science of special effects and amusement park technology , from roller coasters and fireworks to motion capture and artificial fog .
Street Fair
The WSF Street Fair took place in and around Washington Square Park , on the New York University campus , on Saturday , May 30 , 2008 . Although it was interrupted by a thunderstorm , the street fair was attended by 100,000 people , according to estimates from the New York Police Department .
Stage events at the street fair included live performances by the `` Mathemagician '' Arthur T. Benjamin , `` science rapper '' Zach Powers of PCR RAP fame , and a band called `` The Mathematicians '' , science demonstrations by teams from institutions such as the Liberty Science Center and the Franklin Institute , and presentations by journalist and author Lucy Hawking and visual artist Scott Draves , among others . The street fair featured appearances by Disney 's animatronic dinosaur Lucky , by characters from science- and education-related TV shows such as Cyberchase , It 's a Big Big World , Clifford the Big Red Dog and Zula Patrol , as well as demonstrations by teams participating in the New York–New Jersey FIRST Robotics Competition , and hands-on activities such as owl pellet dissections and miniature rocket launches . Also present were a movable museum from the American Museum of Natural History and the Magic School Bus .
Reception
Festival coverage leading up to the 2008 festival , which included articles in major newspapers and appearances by Alda and Greene on national shows such as Regis and Kelly and The Colbert Report , mostly focused on introducing the festival 's concept , organizers and events , and on the promise of bringing an event of this type to New York . Aside from mention of small organizational glitches , coverage of festival events was generally positive . Both Good Morning America and Science News focused on the potential of the festival to inspire the next generation of scientists and `` make geek chic '' . The New York Post described the festival 's role in New York 's cultural landscape as the geek counterpart of Fashion Week and the Tony Awards , while the Science Channel 's coverage characterized the festival as `` wonderfully inspiring and informative '' .
The New York Times noted that Greene and Day appeared to have succeeded in creating `` a new cultural institution '' ; further Times articles declared the festival a critical and a box office success .
Online coverage typically focused on specific festival events . Notably , Science , Wired , The Science Channel and USA Today provided same-day or next-day accounts of events including `` What It Means to Be Human '' , `` Ramachandran/Kurzweil : Humanity Now/Humanity Next '' , `` Future Cities '' , as well as the two events featuring Oliver Sacks .
References
External links
World Science Festival website
World Science Festival blog
Science festivals
Culture of New York City
Festivals in New York City
2008 in New York City
2008 festivals in the United States
Marija Mirkovic ( ; born 23 February 1990 ) is a former professional Australian tennis player .
Them highest WTA singles ranking is 276 , which they reached on 6 July 2009 . Them career-high in doubles was at 221 on 22 November 2010 .
ITF Circuit finals
Singles ( 0–2 )
Doubles ( 2–2 )
External links
1990 births
Living people
Australian female tennis players
Australian people of Serbian descent
Naturalised citizens of Australia
Naturalised tennis players
Sportspeople from Belgrade
Serbian emigrants to Australia
Sportswomen from Victoria ( Australia )
Tennis players from Melbourne
Antiimperialist Action Front-Suxxali Reew Mi ( ) was a front of political parties in Senegal . The front was constituted on August 3 , 1983 . The member parties were LCT , MDP , PAI and PPS .
The president of the front was Mamadou Dia . The front took the programme of a predecessor structure , COSU .
Sources
Nzouankeu , Jacques Mariel . Les partis politiques sénégalais . Dakar : Editions Clairafrique , 1984 .
1983 establishments in Senegal
Communist parties in Senegal
Defunct communist parties
Defunct left-wing political party alliances
Defunct political parties in Senegal
Defunct political party alliances in Africa
Political parties established in 1983
Political parties with year of disestablishment missing
Political party alliances in Senegal
Indian Airlines Flight 403 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Begumpet Airport in Hyderabad to Bangalore . On 17 December 1978 , the Boeing 737-2A8 crashed during takeoff , killing one passenger and causing three additional ground casualties .
Aircraft
The aircraft involved was a Boeing 737-2A8 with serial number 20485 and construction number 277 , registered as VT-EAL . The plane was seven years and ten months old at the time of the crash . It was powered by two Pratt & Whitney JT8D-9A turbojet engines .
Accident
During takeoff from Runway 09 at Begumpet Airport , the aircraft entered a stall . The flight crew aborted the takeoff and attempted a wheels-up landing . The aircraft skidded , overshooting the runway and breaking the airport 's perimeter fence before coming to a stop in flames . One passenger was killed , along with three more people who were cutting grass near the airport fence at the time of the accident .
Investigation
Investigators determined that the leading edge devices were not extended during rotation due to a technical fault .
See also
China Northwest Airlines Flight 2119
References
History of Telangana
Transport in Telangana
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1978
Aviation accidents and incidents in India
Accidents and incidents involving the Boeing 737 Original
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by mechanical failure
The USS Southland ( IX-168 ) was built in 1908 at Newport News , Virginia by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company as the SS Southland . The small steamer operated for the Norfolk and Washington Steamboat Company on the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay , transporting passengers and freight between Washington , Alexandria , Old Point Comfort , and Norfolk .
Southland was one of several light-draft , inland-water , steamers acquired by the War Shipping Administration ( WSA ) in 1942 for transfer to the British Ministry of War Transport . They were returned to representatives of WSA in England the following year . After conversion to accommodate 544 passengers by Thorn Tanahill and Sons in Glasgow , Scotland , they were chartered by the United States Navy , on a bare boat basis , and commissioned on 22 May 1944 , with Lieutenant S. A. Davis , USNR , in command .
Southland was assigned to the 12th Fleet , formerly the United States Naval Forces in Europe , until early 1945 . Since there was doubt that they were capable of crossing the Atlantic safely , they were returned to WSA at Falmouth , England on 24 July 1945 . They were decommissioned the same day and struck from the Navy list on 13 August 1945 .
Southland was sold subsequently to the Fu Chung International Corporation in China and operated as the Hung Yung until scrapped in 1955 .
Sources
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships built in Newport News , Virginia
The Sag Harbor State Golf Course is , 9-hole golf facility is located in the middle of a parcel known as the Barcelona Neck Natural Resources Management Area . The golf course is entirely located in the town of East Hampton in Suffolk County , New York , United States .
The course first opened in 1926 and was run by a group of volunteers for over half a century . The property was acquired by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation in 1989 . The course was taken over by the New York State Office of Parks , Recreation and Historic Preservation in 1997 .
References
External links
New York State Parks Page on Golf Course
Google Map
East Hampton ( town ) , New York
State parks of New York ( state )
Golf clubs and courses in New York ( state )
Parks in Suffolk County , New York
1926 establishments in New York ( state )
Sports venues in Suffolk County , New York
The Zoryan Institute is a non-profit organization and registered charity in the United States and Canada that promotes the study and recognition of the Armenian genocide as well as other genocides throughout history . Historian Dominik J. Schaller states that while `` its scientific and pedagogic activities to be of great value '' , the institute also functions as `` an influential actor in memory politics '' .
History
In the late 1970s , a small group of Armenians , absorbed with questions about their history , their identity , and their future as a nation , came to the conclusion that there was a crucial need for a place to think critically about their reality . These individuals , propelled by deeply felt intellectual concerns , and compelled by a strong desire for change , set about conceptualizing an institution which would provide a forum for free and critical thinking about contemporary issues affecting their people , through a process that is , scholarly , analytical and objective . Among its primary goals would be for them to express their history in their own voice and define themselves ( and not let others define them ) .
In 1982 , the Zoryan Institute for Contemporary Armenian Research and Documentation was established in Cambridge , Massachusetts . The co-founding members were Garbis Kortian , Gerard Libaridian , and K.M Greg Sarkissian . They were joined by Tatul Sonentz-Papazian and Levon Sarkissian to incorporate the institute as a registered non-for profit ( 501 ( c ) 3 ) .
In 1984 , The Zoryan Institute of Canada , Inc. , was established by co-founders Varouj Aivazian , Gerard J. Libaridian , and K.M . Greg Sarkissian . They were joined by Albert Bakos and Zaven Sarkissian to incorporate the institute as a registered charity .
Zoryan also had offices in Los Angeles and Paris in the 1980s and 1990s .
The Zoryan Institute has two official divisions : The International Institute for Genocide and Human Rights Studies and the International Institute for Diaspora Studies .
The Zoryan Institute houses a large quantity of reference and archival material , including monographs , periodicals , microfilm , photographs , memoirs , personal correspondence , official documents , etc . In 1983 it launched a project to record oral histories of Armenians who survived the genocide , eventually interviewing more than 800 survivors .
References
External links
Official website
Non-profit corporations
Armenian-American culture in Massachusetts
Armenian-Canadian culture
Genocide research and prevention organisations
Diaspora organizations in Canada
Diaspora organizations in the United States
Research institutes established in 1982
1982 establishments in Massachusetts
Organizations based in Cambridge , Massachusetts
Human rights organizations based in the United States
Human rights organizations based in Canada
`` Gloria '' is Japanese pop rock singer-songwriter Yui 's fifteenth single . `` Gloria '' was released on January 20 , 2010 , by their label Studioseven Recordings and was released in two formats : CD and CD+DVD . The single debuted atop the Oricon Weekly Single Chart becoming their sixth number-one single .
Track list
Normal Edition
Limited Edition
Normal Edition + DVD
Chart performance
`` Gloria '' debuted at number-one on the Oricon weekly chart and became the artists sixth number-one single .
Charts
Sales and certifications
References
2010 singles
Yui ( singer ) songs
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
Songs written by Yui ( singer )
Billboard Japan Hot 100 number-one singles
2010 songs
The Media Theatre is a 440-seat theater in Media , Pennsylvania , built in 1927 as a vaudeville house and cinema . It is the only regional professional theater that hires equity actors in Delaware County .
The Media Theatre opened its doors on August 29 , 1927 , as a cinema decorated in the English Renaissance style . Real estate entrepreneur Walter Strine Sr. purchased the building in the 1970s and leased it to a company that operated it as a movie theater . They closed the theatre in 1990 , and began repair work in 1992 to transform it into a performing arts center . The theatre opened on February 8 1994 , with My Fair Lady as its first production . For the building 's 70th anniversary in 1997 , the Media Theatre hosted Roaring Twenties and 1930s jazz music and productions . SEPTA ran a decorated trolley car to honor the run of the theatre . Strine sold the theatre to the Borough of Media in 2000 . The entire enterprise was renamed “ Media Music Theatre Company ” in 2005 . Media Theatre celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2019 with a gala and benefit . In December 2019 , the Media Theatre hosted a memorial for Broadway actor and singer Ann Crumb , who frequently performed at the theatre and considered it a `` second home . ''
Since its first performance of My Fair Lady , many musicals have performed at the theatre , including Sunset Boulevard , The Wizard of Oz , Chicago , and Annie . The Molly Maguires had its world-premiere at the theatre , which ended up becoming one of its most popular shows . The theatre also offers classes , camps and productions for children and teens . Despite the coronavirus pandemic in 2020 , the children 's camp was able to go on with safety precautions .
References
Theatres in Pennsylvania
Buildings and structures in Delaware County , Pennsylvania
Tourist attractions in Delaware County , Pennsylvania
Best Kept Secret is an EP by J-88 ( an alias for Slum Village ) . Released prior to Jay Dee 's departure from Slum Village , the album has been described as the missing link between the acclaimed Fantastic 1 and Fantastic 2 , and also includes a few exclusive remixes by producers Madlib , and IG Culture . Although much of the material was previously unreleased , two of the tracks , `` The Look Of Love Pt . 1 '' and `` Keep It On '' , remain virtually unchanged from the versions found on Fan-Tas-Tic ( Vol . 1 ) . Fan-Tas-Tic ( Vol . 1 ) had only been released in very limited quantities at the time and was not available to the larger public .
Track listing
From Detroit With Love ( Intro ) – 0:48
The Look Of Love Pt . 1 – 3:38
Get It Together – 2:59
Stupid Lies – 2:36
The Things You Do – 2:38
Keep It On – 3:05
The Look Of Love Pt . 2 – 3:14
Get It Together ( Madlib Remix ) – 2:47
The Things You Do ( Madlib Remix ) – 3:53
Get It Together ( IG Culture Basement Jerks Mix ) – 4:01
References
2000 albums
Slum Village albums
J Dilla albums
Albums produced by J Dilla
Albums produced by Madlib
Estádio do Buraco is a football stadium in Lobito , Benguela Province , Angola .
It is owned by Académica Petróleos do Lobito and holds 5,000 people .
History
The Estádio do Buraco was built in the 1970s , at the Bairro Santa Cruz .
In 1999 , the stadium was the venue of the 1–2 home defeat of Académica to Atlético Sport Aviação , a result that relegated Académica to the 2nd rank in the overall Girabola classification of that year .
On April 3rd 2003 , the stadium was the venue for Académica 's 2–3 home defeat to DRC 's TP Mazembe .
In 2004 , Académica played their home games at the União da Catumbela-owned Estádio Comandante Fragoso de Matos in the neighboring town of Catumbela following a ban on dirt-pitch football stadiums issued by the Angolan Football Federation .
In 2007 , the stadium was reinaugurated with the installation of new grass , following a 7-year period of inactivity .
The 110x68m stadium underwent a major rehabilitation in the wake of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations hosted by Angola , with the installation of a new fence , four sets of LED lights , new goal posts and a UK-imported natural grass . It now features three new dressing rooms as well . It was the training ground of the Morocco national football team in that event .
References
Football venues in Angola
Benguela Province
The Evans-Bevan Baronetcy , of Cadoxton-juxta-Neath in the County of Glamorgan , is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom . It was created on 9 July 1958 for the Welsh business person David Evans-Bevan . As of 2010 the title is held by their son , the second Baronet , who succeeded in 1973 .
Evans-Bevan baronets , of Cadoxton-juxta-Neath ( 1958 )
Sir David Martyn Evans-Bevan , 1st Baronet ( 1902–1973 )
Sir Martyn Evan Evans-Bevan , 2nd Baronet ( born 1932 )
See also
Margam Castle
Notes
References
Kidd , Charles , Williamson , David ( editors ) . Debrett 's Peerage and Baronetage ( 1990 edition ) . New York : St Martin 's Press , 1990 ,
Evans-Bevan
Matthew Francis Benson-Lidholm ( born 5 March 1952 ) born in Albany , Western Australia is an Australian politician . They were a member of the Western Australian Legislative Council representing the Agricultural region and Deputy President of the Legislative Council . Elected to Parliament in the 2005 state election they are a member of the Labor Party .
Prior to entering parliament , Benson-Lidholm was a teacher and taught at Mount Barker Senior High School and at the school of Distance Education .
With their wife Jan , they are a prominent breeder of Rhodesian Ridgeback dogs under the Bowbridge prefix .
References
1952 births
Living people
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council
People from Albany , Western Australia
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
21st-century Australian politicians
The Journal of Family Nursing is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal covering the field of family nursing . The editor-in-chief is Janice M. Bell ( University of Calgary ) and is published by SAGE Publications . It was established in 1995 .
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Science Citation Index Expanded . According to the Journal Citation Reports , the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 1.955 .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
General nursing journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1995
In Hinduism , especially Shaktism ( a theological tradition of Hinduism ) , Shakti ( Devanagari : शक्ति , IAST : Śakti ; lit . `` Energy , ability , strength , effort , power , capability '' ) is the primordial cosmic energy , and represents the dynamic forces that are thought to move through the universe . This energy is thought of as creative , sustaining , as well as destructive , and is sometimes referred to as auspicious source energy .
Shakti is sometimes personified as the Creatrix , and is known as `` Adi Shakti '' or `` Adi Para Shakti '' ( i.e. , Primordial Inconceivable Energy ) . In Shaktism , Adi Parashakti is worshipped as the Supreme Being/God . On every plane of creation , energy manifests itself into all forms of matter ; these are all thought to be infinite forms of Para Shakti . However , the true form of Para Shakti is unknown , and beyond human understanding . They are described as Anaadi ( with no beginning , no ending ) and Nitya ( forever ) .
Origins
One of the oldest representations of the goddess in India is in a triangular form . The Baghor stone , found in a Paleolithic context in the Son River valley and dating to 9,000–8,000 BCE , is considered an early example of a yantra . Kenoyer , part of the team that excavated the stone , considered that it was highly probable that the stone was associated with Shakti . The veneration of Shiva and Shakti was also prevalent in the Indus valley civilization .
Mariamman
The Shakti goddess has been syncretised with the Amman of South Indian tradition , especially in the states of Karnataka , Tamil Nadu , Kerala , Telangana , and Andhra Pradesh . There are many temples devoted to various incarnations of the Shakti goddess in most of the villages in South India . The people of the countryside believe that Amman is the bringer of rain , the protector of the village , the punisher of evil people , the cure of diseases , and the one who gives welfare to the village . They celebrate Shakti festivities with great pomp annually . Some examples of the deities assimilated into Shakti are Mahalakshmi , Kamakshi , Parvati , Lalita , Bhuvaneshwari , Durga , Meenakshi , Mariamman , Yellamma , Poleramma , Saraswati and Perantalamma .
Shaktism
Shaktism regards Devi ( lit. , `` the Goddess '' ) as the Supreme Brahman itself with all other forms of divinity considered to be merely Them diverse manifestations . In the details of its philosophy and practice , Shaktism resembles Shaivism . However , Shaktas ( , , ) , practitioners of Shaktism , focus most or all worship on Shakti , as the dynamic feminine aspect of the Supreme Divine . Shiva , the masculine aspect of divinity , is considered solely transcendent , and Shiva 's worship is usually secondary .
From Devi-Mahatmya :
By you this universe is borne ,
By you this world is created ,
Oh Devi , by you it is protected .
From Shaktisangama Tantra :
Woman is the creator of the universe ,
the universe is their form ;
woman is the foundation of the world ,
they are the true form of the body .
In woman is the form of all things ,
of all that lives and moves in the world .
There is no jewel rarer than woman ,
no condition superior to that of a woman .
Adi Parashakti
Smarta Advaita
In the Smarta Advaita sect of Hinduism , Shakti is considered to be one of five equal personal forms of God in the panchadeva system advocated by Adi Shankara .
Shakti Peethas
According to some schools , there are four Adi Shakti Pitha and 51 Shakti centers of worship located in South Asia ( four Adi Shakti Pitha are also part of 51 Shakti pithas but they are four major parts of Devi Sati 's body . So , they are adi shakti pithas ) . They can be found in India , Sri Lanka , Nepal , Bangladesh , Tibet and Pakistan . These are called Shakti Peethas . The list of locations varies . A commonly accepted list of Shakti Peethas and their temple complexes includes :
Hinglaj Mataji Balochistan
Tara Tarini ( Brahmapur , Odisha )
Katyayani ( Chattarpur , Delhi )
Bhadrakali ( Kodungallur , Kerala )
Kamakhya ( Assam )
Kali at Kalighat ( Kolkata , West Bengal )
Guhyeshwari Temple Devi ( Kathmandu , Nepal )
Ambaji ( Gujarat )
Vishalakshi Temple ( Varanasi )
Chandranath Temple ( Sitakunda , Bangladesh )
Jwalaji ( Himachal )
Naina Devi Temple ( Uttarakhand )
Mangala Gauri ( Bihar )
Alibag ( shree padmakshi renuka temple|parashakti ) Maharashtra
Other pithas in Maharashtra are :
Tuljapur ( Jagdamba )
Kolhapur ( Mahalaxmi )
vani-Nashik ( Saptashrungi )
Mahurgadh ( Renukamata )
Bhajans and mantras
There are many ancient Shakti devotional songs and vibrational chants in the Hindu and Sikh traditions ( found in Sarbloh Granth ) . The recitation of the Sanskrit mantras is commonly used to call upon the Divine Mother .
Kundalini-Shakti-Bhakti Mantra
Adi Shakti , Adi Shakti , Adi Shakti , Namo Namo !
Sarab Shakti , Sarab Shakti , Sarab Shakti , Namo Namo !
Prithum Bhagvati , Prithum Bhagvati , Prithum Bhagvati , Namo Namo !
Kundalini Mata Shakti , Mata Shakti , Namo Namo !
Translation
Primal Shakti , I bow to Thee !
All-Encompassing Shakti , I bow to Thee !
That through which Divine Creates , I bow to Thee !
Creative Power of the Kundalini , Mother of all Mother Power , To Thee I Bow !
— Yogi Bhajan
`` Merge in the Maha Shakti . This is enough to take away your misfortune .
This will carve out of you a woman . Woman needs their own Shakti , not anybody else will do it ... When a woman chants the Kundalini Bhakti mantra , God clears the way . This is not a religion , it is a reality . Woman is not born to suffer , and woman needs their own power . ''
~ Yogi Bhajan ( Harbhajan Singh )
See also
Ammavaru
Devi
Iccha-shakti
Kundalini
Tridevi
Mohini
Purusha & Prakṛti
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Consorts of Shiva
Hindu goddesses
Hindu philosophical concepts
Hindu tantra
Mother goddesses
Names of God in Hinduism
Shaktism
Tantric practices
Vitalism
Two Left Feet is a 1963 British comedy-drama film directed by Roy Ward Baker and starring Nyree Dawn Porter , Michael Crawford , David Hemmings and Julia Foster .
Plot
Based on David Stuart Leslie 's novel , Two Left Feet is a story about Alan Crabbe ( Michael Crawford ) a callow youth desperate for a date with any girl who can offer them the experience they lack . Every time Alan tries a manful stride into the jungle of sex , their two left feet turn the attempt into a trip-and-stumble . Then they meet Eileen ( Nyree Dawn Porter ) , the new waiter at the corner cafe , and some sparks begin to fly .
Behind the scenes
At the time of its cinema release it was given an X Certificate ( and given a 15 Rating when released on video in 1994 ) .
Baker 's expectations were high , hoping to attract a wide popularity on the basis of the film being aimed at a young audience , with most of the film 's leading players being under 21 years of age , but their hopes were dashed because of difficulties obtaining a release - none of the actors at the time were stars , the film received an X Certificate , and it was eventually released on a poorly promoted Double bill , after a delay of two years being left on the shelf .
The film was based on the 1960 novel In My Solitude by David Stuart Leslie .
Tommy Bruce sang `` Two Left Feet '' to the opening credits of the film . It also featured the song `` Where Were You When I Needed You ? '' by Susan Maughan .
In the opening sequence , Michael Crawford visits the West End and ends up queuing to see Pamela Green in the nudist movie Naked as Nature Intended .
References
External links
1963 films
1963 comedy-drama films
Films directed by Roy Ward Baker
British comedy-drama films
Films with screenplays by Johns Hopkins
1960s English-language films
1960s British films
Aleksandar Ranđelović ( or Aleksandar Randjelović , Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Ранђеловић , Chinese 雲迪奴域 ; born 9 December 1993 ) is a professional Serbian football attacking midfield who is currently a player of SC Ostbahn XI ( Austria ) .
Born in Leskovac SR Serbia , they previously played for Vojvodina Novi Sad , Smederevo , , Sloga Petrovac na Mlavi , Radnički Svilajnac , Orosháza , Békéscsaba , Lombard-Pápa TFC , Sun Pegasus and Pápa
References
Honours
Yuen Long
Hong Kong Senior Shield : 2017–18
External links
Aleksandar Ranđelović at HKFA
1987 births
Living people
Serbian footballers
Association football midfielders
FK Vojvodina players
FK Smederevo players
FK Sloga Petrovac na Mlavi players
TSW Pegasus FC players
Yuen Long FC players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Pak Ngan Heung ( ) is a village of Mui Wo , on Lantau Island , Hong Kong .
Administration
Pak Ngan Heung is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy .
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Pak Ngan Heung ( Mui Wo ) for election of resident representative ( 2019 to 2022 )
Antiquities and Monuments Office . Historic Building Appraisal . Man Mo Temple , Pak Ngan Heung , Mui Wo , Pictures
Villages in Hong Kong
Mui Wo
KF Djelmnia Shkodrane is an Albanian professional football club based in Shkodër . They last competed in the Albanian Third Division .
See also
List of football clubs in Albania
References
Djelmnia
The Turukkaeans were a Bronze and Iron Age people of Mesopotamia and the Zagros Mountains , in South West Asia . Their endonym has sometimes been reconstructed as Tukri .
A significant early reference to them is an inscription by the Babylonian king Hammurabi , ( r. circa 1792 – c. 1752 BCE ) that mentions a kingdom named Tukriš ( UET I l. 46 , iii–iv , 1–4 ) , alongside Gutium , Subartu and another name that is usually reconstructed as Elam . Other texts from the same period refer to the kingdom as Tukru . By the early part of the 1st millennium BCE , names such as Turukkum , Turukku and ti-ru-ki-i are being used for the same region . In a broader sense , names such as Turukkaean been used in a generic sense to mean `` mountain people '' or `` highlanders '' .
Tukru or Turukkum was said to have spanned the north-east edge of Mesopotamia and an adjoining part of the Zagros Mountains ( modern Iraq and Iran ) . In particular , they were associated with the Lake Urmia basin and the valleys of the north-west Zagros . They were therefore located north of ancient Lullubi , and at least one Neo-Assyrian ( 9th to 7th centuries BCE ) text refers to the whole area and its peoples as `` Lullubi-Turukki '' ( VAT 8006 ) .
Turukku was regarded by the Old Assyrian Empire as a constant threat , during the reign of Shamshi-Adad I ( 1813-1782 BCE ) and their son and successor Ishme-Dagan ( 1781-1750 BCE ) . The Turukkaeans were reported to have sacked the city of Mardaman around the year 1769/68 BCE . Babylon 's defeat of Turukku was celebrated in the 37th year of Hammurabi 's reign ( c. 1773 BCE ) .
In terms of cultural and linguistic characteristics , little is known about the Tukri . They are described by their contemporaries as a semi-nomadic , mountain tribe , who wore animal skins . Some scholars believe they may have been Hurrian-speaking or subject to a Hurrian elite .
See also
Gutian dynasty of Sumer
Sumerian King List
Footnotes
Bibliography
German Archaeological Institute . Department of Tehran Archaeological releases from Iran , Volume 19 , Dietrich Reimer , 1986
Wayne Horowitz , Mesopotamian Cosmic Geography . Winona Lake ; Eisenbrauns , 1998 .
Jesper Eidem , Jørgen Læssøe , The Shemshara archives , Volume 23 . Copenhagen , Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters , 2001 .
Jörgen Laessøe , The Shemshāra Tablets . Copenhagen , 1959 .
Jörgen Laessøe , `` The Quest for the Country of * Utûm '' , Journal of the American Oriental Society , 1968 , vol . 88 , no . 1 , pp . 120–122 .
Victor Harold Matthews , Pastoral nomadism in the Mari Kingdom ( ca . 1830-1760 B.C. ) . American Schools of Oriental Research , 1978 .
Peter Pfälzner , Keilschrifttafeln von Bassetki lüften Geheimnis um Königsstadt Mardaman ( webpage ; German language ) , University of Tubingen , 2018 .
Daniel T. Potts , Nomadism in Iran : From Antiquity to the Modern Era . Oxford ; Oxford University Press , 2014 .
Ancient peoples of the Near East
Ancient history of Iran
States and territories established in the 2nd millennium BC
States and territories disestablished in the 1st millennium BC
Ancient Mesopotamia
History of Mesopotamia
Phyllis Allen ( November 25 , 1861 – March 26 , 1938 ) was an American vaudeville and silent screen comedian . They worked with Charles Chaplin , Mabel Normand , Roscoe `` Fatty '' Arbuckle , and Mack Sennett during a film career spanning 74 movies in the decade between 1913 and 1923 . Due to their imposing demeanour and perennially haughty expression , they were quite similar in appearance to fellow screen comedian Marie Dressler .
Partial filmography
Forced Bravery ( 1913 )
Murphy 's I.O.U . ( 1913 )
Peeping Pete ( 1913 )
The Riot ( 1913 )
Mother 's Boy ( 1913 )
Two Old Tars ( 1913 )
Fatty at San Diego ( 1913 )
Rebecca 's Wedding Day ( 1914 )
A Robust Romeo ( 1914 )
A Busy Day ( 1914 )
Love and Bullets ( 1914 )
Caught in a Cabaret ( 1914 )
The Rounders ( 1914 )
Hello , Mabel ( 1914 )
Lover 's Luck ( 1914 )
Gentlemen of Nerve ( 1914 )
Their Trysting Place ( 1914 )
Getting Acquainted ( 1914 )
Leading Lizzie Astray ( 1914 )
Tillie 's Punctured Romance ( 1914 ) ( uncredited )
That Little Band of Gold ( 1915 )
Fatty 's Plucky Pup ( 1915 )
Fickle Fatty 's Fall ( 1915 )
A Submarine Pirate ( 1915 )
A Night in the Show ( 1915 )
The Adventurer ( 1917 )
The Vagabond ( 1916 )
White Youth ( 1920 )
Pay Day ( 1922 ) with Charles Chaplin
The Pilgrim ( 1923 )
References
External links
People from Staten Island
American women comedians
American silent film actores
Actresses from New York City
1861 births
1938 deaths
20th-century American actores
American film actores
Vaudeville performers
Actresses from Los Angeles
Comedians from California
Comedians from New York City
20th-century American comedians
Episcopia is a town and comune in the province of Potenza , in the southern Italian region of Basilicata .
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The Lady of Baza ( la Dama de Baza ) is a famous example of Iberian sculpture by the Bastetani . It is a limestone female figure with traces of painted detail in a stuccoed surface that was found on July 22 , 1971 , by Francisco José Presedo Velo , at Baza , in the Altiplano de Granada , the high tableland in the northeast of the province of Granada . The town of Baza was the site of the Ibero-Roman city of Basti and , in one of its two necropoleis , the Cerro del Santuario , the Lady of Baza was recovered . They are seated in an armchair , and an open space on the side is thought to have contained ashes from a cremation .
The sculpture 's name links it in the popular imagination to its more famous cousin , the Lady of Elche . After conservation , the sculpture , which dates to the fourth century BCE , joined the enigmatic Lady of Elche deposited in the National Archaeological Museum of Spain in Madrid . The chimera Bicha of Balazote and the standing Gran Dama Oferente , also called Dama del Cerro de los Santos , are exhibited in the same room of the museum .
References
External links
Illustration of the Lady of Baza
Article at Enciclopedia Libre
4th-century BC sculptures
Province of Granada
Iberian art
Collection of the National Archaeological Museum , Madrid
Sculptures of women
Sculptures in Madrid
Phoenician sculpture
The original alignment of Kentucky Route 67 ( KY 67 ) was a north–south primary state highway that traversed Edmonson and Warren counties in south central Kentucky . It was one of the original state routes of the state highway system maintained by the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet . It was established in 1929 and was officially decommissioned in 1969 . At the time of its removal from the state route system , it was estimated to be long as determined by the KYTC 's state route logs and county road logs .
Route description
KY 67 's original route began at an intersection with U.S. Route 68 ( US 68 ) in downtown Bowling Green , a few blocks northeast of the campus of Western Kentucky State College ( now Western Kentucky University ) . It followed Main Street ( now Main Avenue ) for before making a right turn onto Gordon Avenue to exit the city and cross the Barren River . The highway originally ran through parts of northern Warren County , including the unincorporated community of Anna , but passing just east of Richardsville .
At Glenmore , KY 67 intersected KY 185 , which branched into the far eastern part of Butler County . KY 67 then crossed the Green River into Edmonson County via the Bear Creek Ferry , which was a toll ferry situated extremely close to the Butler-Edmonson-Warren County tripoint , and a little bit upstream from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers-operated Green River Lock and Dam Number 5 . Most traffic from northern and western Edmonson County heading to Bowling Green used this ferry for convenience . The tolls ranged from 20 to 40 cents each time the driver went one way on the ferry during the 1960s . After crossing the ferry , KY 67 went further north-northeastward to the community of Segal , where it had a junction with the original KY 555 ( Segal Road ) , which is now KY 655 . After that , KY 67 followed the present-day KY 655 for the remainder of its current eastward course when it passed through Segal and Asphalt and it finally met its northern terminus at Windyville , where it intersected KY 70 .
History
Road history
As one of the state 's charter state routes formed in 1929 , KY 67 underwent some changes throughout its estimated 38-year-long existence , including some reroutings to straighten out the highway in one spot on the north side of Bowling Green , complete with a new bridge over the Barren River , which opened to traffic in 1957 . The Bear Creek Ferry was one of several ferryboats that traversed the Green River during the early days of the state highway system ; it was one of a few remaining ferries in the area when a feature article on the area 's ferries was published in a September 1956 edition of the Bowling Green Daily News .
Discontinuation of the ferry
At one point sometime around the 1966-67 fiscal year , the Bear Creek Ferry was discontinued , so KY 67 no longer connected from the Asphalt–Segal area to Warren County , which was the reason the Edmonson County section of KY 67 was decommissioned prior to 1968 . The Warren County section was still signed as KY 67 until sometime in the 1969-70 fiscal year , when the KY 185 alignment in Warren County was rerouted to follow KY 67 's original course from Bowling Green to its original southern ternimus near Glenmore . A portion of the original KY 67 between KY 185 and the Wingfield Road intersection is now part of KY 1749 . Ownership of the remainder of the road from KY 1749 in Glenmore to the ferry site on the Warren County side reverted to the Warren County Road Department as Lock 5 Road , while the road on the Edmonson County side reverted to the Edmonson County Road Department , and became Mouth of Bear Creek Road .
The ferry site is now just a boat ramp , but local residents still use that area for recreational purposes such as boating or fishing .
Change of routes from Edmonson to Warren County
Since the discontinuation of the Bear Creek Ferry , residents of northern Edmonson County were forced to make alternate routes that adds more time to their commute , depending on where the resident lives in . Option A was for Edmonson County residents to use KY 70 westbound to Roundhill to turn left on KY 185 for their commute to Bowling Green . This option was used for many residents along Edmonson County 's western boundary with Butler County . Option B , on the other hand , is to go through Brownsville ( the Edmonson County seat ) using Kentucky Routes 259 and 101 to enter Warren County , and to make a right turn on U.S. Route 31W . That option is mainly used by people traveling to Bowling Green from the central part Edmonson County ( i.e . Brownsville , Lindseyville , Sweeden , and Bee Spring ) .
The new KY 67
The KY 67 designation returned to the Kentucky highway system in 2002 , but it was assigned to the then-new Industrial Parkway in northeastern Kentucky . KY 67 now follows a route from the exit 179 interchange of Interstate 64 ( I-64 ) in northern Carter County to US 23 near Greenup .
Major intersections
Related roads
Mouth of Bear Creek Road
Mouth of Bear Creek Road is a locally maintained road located in Edmonson County , Kentucky . The road was part of an original alignment of the original KY 67 from that state highway 's 1929 establishment until its decommissioning in 1967 . The road is long .
Kentucky Route 655
Kentucky Route 655 ( KY 655 ) is a rural secondary state highway in Edmonson County . The latter of KY 655 , along with the county-maintained Mouth of Bear Creek Road , was the original course of KY 67 through the area until the 1967 decommissioning of that route , connecting the Windyville-Asphalt-Segal area directly to Warren County . KY 655 is currently a C-shaped route serving as a farm-to-market style road that meanders around the area , both termini are with intersections with KY 70 . The total length of the current KY 655 routing is .
See also
References
External links
Kentucky Transportation Cabinet
Bing Maps - reference source for purpose of current highway alignments .
0067
0067
0067
A chalupa is a tostada platter in Mexican cuisine .
Chalupa may also refer to :
Chalupa ( boat )
Chalupa ( surname )
Chałupa , a settlement in Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland
See also
Ivica Džidić ( born 8 February 1984 , in Mostar ) is a Croatian retired football player , who last played for NK Široki Brijeg .
Club career
They played for Dinamo Zagreb 's junior team before returning to Zrinjski as their captain .
They signed for RAEC Mons on 30 May 2008 . They failed some tests at FC Dender , because of a bad knee , where they wanted to sign a contract for 4 years . In 2010 , they joined Široki Brijeg .
International career
Džidić has played for Croatian under-20 national team .
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Mostar
Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to Croatia
Association football defenders
Croatian footballers
HŠK Zrinjski Mostar players
R.A.E.C . Mons players
K.V . Oostende players
NK Široki Brijeg players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Belgian First Division A players
Belgian First Division B players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
The Rocky Mountain Foothills are an upland area flanking the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains , extending south from the Liard River into Alberta . Bordering the Interior Plains system , they are part of the Rocky Mountain System or Eastern System of the Western Cordillera of North America .
See also
List of mountain ranges
References
Canadian Rockies
Northern Interior of British Columbia
Hills of British Columbia
Hills of Alberta
Mountain ranges of British Columbia
Hjördis Lind-Campbell ( 27 June 1891 – 13 September 1984 ) was a Swedish physician who was known for their work in sex education and creation of an adoption program for unmarried women .
Early life and education
Lind-Campbell was born into a Swedish family and had three siblings . They attended the Karolinska Institutet for their undergraduate education in premedical study , and worked for a time at the University of Lund hospital . They met their husband there and married in 1918 ; they had four children . Lind-Campbell graduated from the University of Lund in 1922 with their M.D .
Career and research
While practicing medicine throughout the Västerås area , they became a pioneer member of the Medical Women 's International Association . They worked in pulmonology , pediatrics , gynecology , and rural medicine . They began a unique adoption program in Sweden , and worked with the National Swedish Association for Sexual Information . Lind-Campbell retired at the age of 82 .
References
Further reading
Swedish women physicians
20th-century Swedish physicians
Lund University alumni
Journal of Language and Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the fields of Communication and Psychology . The journal 's editor is Howard Giles ( University of California Santa Barbara ) . It has been in publication since 1982 and is currently published by SAGE Publications .
Scope
Journal of Language and Social Psychology is devoted to the social psychology of language . The journal publishes reports of research and theory at the cross-roads of language , mind and society . Journal of Language and Social Psychology presents articles from a range of disciplines including linguistics , cognitive science and anthropology with a focus on quantitative , experimental studies and positivistic theory .
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Language and Social Psychology is abstracted and indexed in , among other databases : SCOPUS , and the Social Sciences Citation Index . According to the Journal Citation Reports , its 2017 impact factor is 1.233 , ranking it 46 out of 64 journals in the category ‘ Psychology , Social ' . and 59 out of 181 journals in the category ‘ Linguistics ' . and 45 out of 84 journals in the category ‘ Communication ' .
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Gu or Ku/Koo 顾 is a Chinese-language surname . In 2013 it was found to be the 340th most common surname , shared by 138,000 people or 0.010 % of the population , with the province having the most being Jiangsu . The name means ‘ consultant ' or ‘ care for '
Notable people
Koo family of Lukang , a prominent Taiwanese-Japanese business family who founded the Koos Group known as 和信集團
Koo Hsien-jung
Jeffrey Koo Sr. ( Ambassador-at-Large , Chairman of Chinatrust Bank , and `` Father of Credit Cards '' )
Koo Chen-fu ( Taiwanese diplomat and business person )
Chester Koo
Koo Kwang-ming
Leslie Koo
Richard Koo
Nono Ku , Taiwanese actor and model
Gu Hongyu ( 辜轰余 ; January 31 , 1971 in Beijing ) a retired male beach volleyball player from the People 's Republic of China
Koh Lay Huan ( 辜禮歡甲 , died 1826 ) , Chinese-born business person who became the first Kapitan China of Penang
Gu Jiaming ( Chinese : 辜家明 ) a retired female badminton player from China
References
Individual Chinese surnames
There is also a New Socialist Movement ( Mexico ) .
New Socialist Movement is a political party in Gujarat , India . It was formed by the leadership of Jan Sangharsh Manch and Gujarat Trade Union Federation following the 2002 Gujarat violence . Amrish Patel is the party general secretary . The party was registered with the Election Commission of India in 2007 .
History
NSM 's leadership comprises activists of the trade union movements that organized the employees of the research , development , training and educational institutes in the 1980s . In 2011 , the party chairperson was Mukul Sinha ( d. 2014 ) , the founder of PRL Employees Union formed in 1979 . The general secretary Amrish Patel is the secretary of Gujarat Mazdoor Sabha .
Electoral performance
The party 's chairperson Mukul Sinha contested Gujarat Assembly elections in 2007 from a Muslim-dominated seat Shahpur in Ahemdabad , but got 255 ( 0.44 % ) votes , losing their deposit . In 2012 , Sinha contested as an independent candidate from Sabarmati in Ahemdabad , and lost again , securing 1860 ( 1.23 % ) votes .
References
External links
Political parties in Gujarat
Political parties in India
Political parties established in 2007
2007 establishments in Gujarat
Statistics of the 2000–01 Saudi Premier League .
Stadia and locations
Regular season
Final four
Semifinals
First legs
Second legs
Final
External links
RSSSF Stats
Saudi Arabia Football Federation
Saudi League Statistics
Saudi Premier League seasons
Saudi Professional League
1
Vince Beck is a Scottish retired football defender who spent twelve years in the American indoor leagues .
Youth
Born and raised in Scotland , Beck attended Southern Illinois University Edwardsville where they played three games during the 1981 season . In 1983 , they resumed their collegiate career at Old Dominion where they played until 1985 . They completed their undergraduate degree at Old Dominion in 1997 .
Professional
In 1986 , Beck turned professional with the Memphis Storm of the American Indoor Soccer Association . They spent three seasons with the Storm and was 1988 First Team All League . In 1990 , Beck signed with the Wichita Wings of the Major Indoor Soccer League . Beck spent at least three seasons ( 1992–1995 ) with the Dayton Dynamo of the National Professional Soccer League . In 1995 , they played for the expansion Cincinnati Silverbacks in the NPSL . In 1996 , they spent the outdoor season with the Ohio Xoggz of the USISL . That fall , they signed with the Philadelphia KiXX where they played until 1998 . In 2003 , they returned to playing with the Memphis Express in the USL Premier Development League .
External links
MISL stats
References
Living people
1963 births
American Indoor Soccer Association players
Dayton Dynamo players
Cincinnati Silverbacks players
Major Indoor Soccer League ( 1978–1992 ) players
Memphis Express ( soccer ) players
Memphis Storm players
National Professional Soccer League ( 1984–2001 ) players
Ohio Xoggz players
Old Dominion Monarchs men 's soccer players
SIU Edwardsville Cougars men 's soccer players
Philadelphia KiXX players
Scottish footballers
Scottish expatriate footballers
Wichita Wings players
USISL players
Association football defenders
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for J1 League club Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo .
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile at Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo
1989 births
Living people
Association football people from Kumamoto Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Urawa Red Diamonds players
Giravanz Kitakyushu players
Albirex Niigata players
Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo players
Association football goalkeepers
Syver Skaar Eriksen ( born 29 April 2001 ) is a Norwegian football midfielder who plays for Mjøndalen .
Hailing from Kongsberg and the club Kongsberg IF , they went to Mjøndalen as a junior and made their senior debut in August 2020 against Start . They scored their first goal in July 2021 against Haugesund .
References
2001 births
Living people
People from Kongsberg
Norwegian footballers
Mjøndalen IF players
Eliteserien players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Viken ( county )
Martin Ambrose Foran ( November 11 , 1844 – June 28 , 1921 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , politician , and Civil War veteran who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for three terms from 1883 to 1889 .
Early life and education
Foran was born in Choconut Township , Susquehanna County , Pennsylvania . They lived on their father 's farm and learned the art of coopering . Foran attended the public schools and St. Joseph 's College .
They taught school three years and also spent two years in Ireland .
Civil War
They served as a private in the Fourth Regiment , Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry , from April 1864 to July 1865 .
Career
After the war , they taught for a few months . They found work as a cooper at Meadville , Pennsylvania , and moved to Cleveland , Ohio , March 11 , 1868 . They were prominent in their trade and was president of the Coopers ' International Union , and editor of the Coopers Journal from 1870 to 1874 .
They served as a member of the State constitutional convention of Ohio in 1873 .
They studied law .
They were admitted to the bar in 1874 and commenced practice in Cleveland .
They served as prosecuting attorney for the city of Cleveland 1875–1877 .
Congress
Foran was elected as a Democrat to the Forty-eighth , Forty-ninth , and Fiftieth Congresses ( March 4 , 1883 – March 4 , 1889 ) .
They were not a candidate for reelection .
Later career and death
They resumed the practice of law in Cleveland , Ohio .
They served as judge of the court of common pleas from January 1911 until their death in Cleveland , Ohio , June 28 , 1921 .
They were interred in Lake View Cemetery .
Family life
On December 29 , 1868 , Foran married Kate Kavanaugh . They had daughters named Gertrude M. and Margaret O . After Kate died , Foran married Emma Kennedy , December 1893 . They were member of the B.P.O.E. , Grand Army of the Republic , and the Catholic Church .
References
Sources
External links
1844 births
1921 deaths
Politicians from Cleveland
Burials at Lake View Cemetery , Cleveland
Ohio Constitutional Convention ( 1873 )
Saint Joseph 's University alumni
Ohio lawyers
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Deepankar ( Deep ) Medhi is an Indo-American computer scientist and inventor . They are on leave as Curators ' Distinguished Professor in the department of computer science and electrical engineering at the University of Missouri–Kansas City . They are a fellow of IEEE .
Prior to joining the University of Missouri–Kansas City , they worked as a technical officer at AT & T Bell Laboratories , routing and designing teletraffic networks . While at AT & T Bell Laboratories , they co-invented the Facility Diverse Routing system .
They are currently working as a program director in the computer and network systems ( CNS ) division of the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) in the United States .
Birth and family
Deepankar Medhi was born in Guwahati in 1962 . Their father was statistician Jyotiprasad Medhi and their mother was Prity Medhi . Their great-grandfather Kaliram Medhi is an Assamese writer .
Book
Network Routing : Algorithms , Protocols , and Architectures
Routing , Flow , and Capacity Design in Communication and Computer Networks
Honors and awards
Fellow , Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) , 2018 .
N.T . Veatch Award for Distinguished Research and Creative Activity , UMKC , 2012 .
Chancellor 's Award for Excellence in Graduate Mentoring , UMKC , 2012 .
Curators ' Distinguished Professor Designation by the Board of Curators of the University of Missouri System , 2011 .
Kansas City Star 's Tech 50 List , Summer 2002 .
References
Indian scientists
Computer scientists
American scientists
Fellow Members of the IEEE
1962 births
Living people
University of Missouri–Kansas City faculty
Scientists from Guwahati
U.S. Military Assistance Command , Vietnam ( MACV ) was a joint-service command of the United States Department of Defense .
MACV was created on 8 February 1962 , in response to the increase in the United States military assistance to South Vietnam . MACV was first implemented to assist the Military Assistance Advisory Group ( MAAG ) Vietnam , controlling every advisory and assistance effort in Vietnam , but was reorganized on 15 May 1964 and absorbed MAAG Vietnam to its command when combat unit deployment became too large for advisory group control . MACV was disestablished on 29 March 1973 and replaced by the Defense Attaché Office ( DAO ) , Saigon . The DAO performed many of the same roles of MACV within the restrictions imposed by the Paris Peace Accords until the Fall of Saigon .
The first commanding general of MACV ( COMUSMACV ) , General Paul D. Harkins , was also the commander of MAAG Vietnam , and after reorganization was succeeded by General William C. Westmoreland in June 1964 , followed by General Creighton W. Abrams ( July 1968 ) and General Frederick C. Weyand ( June 1972 ) .
Establishment and growth
Admiral Harry D. Felt , Commander-in-Chief , Pacific , established the U.S. Military Assistance Command , Vietnam , on 8 February 1962 , as a subordinate unified command under their control . Lieutenant General Paul D. Harkins , the Deputy Commander in Chief , U.S. Army , Pacific , who , as the commander-designate for the task force headquarters ( HQ ) in the event of operations in Southeast Asia , had participated in the planning for such operations , was appointed commander and promoted to general . Harkins became the senior U.S. military commander in South Vietnam and responsible for U.S. military policy , operations and assistance there . Harkins had the task of advising the South Vietnamese government on security , organization , and employment of their military and paramilitary forces . As provided for in the organization of the task force headquarters in the contingency plans , MACV 's commander was also their own Army component commander . With an initial authorized strength of 216 men ( 113 Army ) , MACV was envisaged as a temporary HQ that would be withdrawn once the Viet Cong insurgency was brought under control . In that event , the Military Assistance Advisory Group would be restored to its former position as the principal U.S. headquarters in South Vietnam . For this reason , the MAAG was retained as a separate headquarters .
In March 1962 Headquarters , U.S. Army , Pacific , removed the `` provisional '' designation from the U.S. Army Support Group , Vietnam , attached it to U.S. Army , Ryukyu Islands , for administrative and logistical support , and made its commanding officer the deputy Army component commander under MACV . In turn , all U.S. Army units in South Vietnam ( excluding advisory attachments ) were assigned to the Army Support Group for administrative and logistical needs . Over the course of 1962 U.S. military strength in South Vietnam rose from about 1,000 to over 11,000 personnel , though each service continued to provide its own logistical support .
Throughout 1963 the duties of the U.S. Army Support Group steadily increased , particularly regarding combat support activities and logistics . During the year , the U.S. buildup continued , especially in aviation , communications , intelligence , special warfare and logistic units , reaching a total or 17,068 man , of which 10,916 were Army . Because of this expansion , the commanding general , General Joseph Warren Stilwell Jr. late in 1963 proposed that the name of the support group be changed to U.S. Army Support Command , Vietnam . Harkins concurred and General James Francis Collins , commander of United States Army Pacific and Admiral Felt approved the redesignation . The new designation went into effect on 1 March 1964 .
MACV was reorganized on 15 May 1964 , and absorbed MAAG Vietnam within it , when combat unit deployment became too large for advisory group control . A Naval Advisory Group was established and the Commanding General , 2nd Air Division , became MACV 's Air Force component commander . That year the U.S. strength in Vietnam grew from about 16,000 men ( 10,716 Army ) to about 23,300 ( 16,000 Army ) in 1964 though logistic support operations were highly fragmented . As a result , the 1st Logistics Command was established .
Large scale combat deployments began when the 9th Marine Expeditionary Brigade was deployed in the Da Nang area from March 1965 . When the III Marine Amphibious Force moved to Da Nang on 6 May 1965 , its commanding general , Major General William R. Collins , was designated MACV 's naval component commander . In May 1965 , the Army 's 173d Airborne Brigade from Okinawa arrived . In July 1965 , in response to the growing size of U.S. Army forces in the country , United States Army Vietnam was established , and both the 2nd Brigade , 1st Infantry Division and the 1st Brigade , 101st Airborne Division , deployed from the United States . The brigade from the 101st Airborne Division was originally planned to replace the 173d Airborne Brigade but , with the need for additional combat forces , both brigades remained in South Vietnam . Two months later , the 1st Cavalry Division ( Airmobile ) , recently reorganized from an infantry formation , reported in country , and the rest of the 1st Infantry Division arrived in October .
Two corps-level HQs were established in 1965-66 , Task Force Alpha ( soon to become I Field Force , Vietnam ) for U.S. forces in the II Corps Tactical Zone and II Field Force , Vietnam , for U.S. Army forces in the III Corps Tactical Zone . The 5th Special Forces Group was also established in-country by 1965 . A brigade of the 25th Infantry Division arrived in late 1965 , with the 4th Infantry Division deploying between August and November 1966 .
The 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment was alerted for assignment to Southeast Asia on 11 March 1966 .
In April 1967 , General Westmoreland , who had arrived in June 1964 as Commander of MACV , organized a division-sized blocking force along the border between North and South Vietnam . The deployment of a division-sized U.S. Army force would allow the 1st Marine Division to move north , to provide greater support for the 3rd Marine Division in the northern portion of the I Corps Tactical Zone . Designated as Task Force Oregon , it included the 196th Infantry Brigade ; the 3rd Brigade , 25th Infantry Division at Chu Lai Base Area ; and the 1st Brigade , 10lst Airborne Division . On 25 September 1967 the 23rd Infantry ( Americal ) Division ) was activated to control the blocking force , replacing the provisional task force HQ . With to elapse of five months , all the three same brigades remained in the new division , but the brigade at Chu Lai was now named the 3rd Brigade , 4th Infantry Division , after a responsibility swap that had occurred in August .
In April 1966 , all Army communications-electronics resources in South Vietnam were combined in a single formation , the 1st Signal Brigade . It supported the combat signal battalions of the divisions and field forces in each corps area . Additionally , the 1st Signal Brigade operated the many elements of the Defense Communications System in South Vietnam . To improve co-ordination and management of communications-electronics assets , the brigade commander also served as the U.S. Army , Vietnam , staff adviser on all matters pertaining to Army communications-electronics .
Naval Forces , Vietnam
In contrast to the carrier , amphibious , and naval gunfire support forces and , at least during early 1965 , the coastal patrol force , which Commander Seventh Fleet directed , the Navy 's forces within South Vietnam were operationally controlled by COMUSMACV . Initially , Westmoreland exercised this command through the Chief , Naval Advisory Group . However , the increasing demands of the war required a distinct operational rather than an advisory headquarters for naval units . As a result , on 1 April 1966 , Naval Forces , Vietnam , was established to control the Navy 's units in the II , III and IV Corps Tactical Zones . This eventually included the major combat formations : Coastal Surveillance Force ( Task Force 115 ) , River Patrol Force ( Task Force 116 ) and Riverine Assault Force ( Task Force 117 ) . The latter unit formed the naval component of the joint Army-Navy Mobile Riverine Force .
Commander Naval Forces , Vietnam ( COMNAVFORV ) also controlled the Naval Support Activity Saigon ( NSA Saigon ) , which supplied naval forces in the II , III and IV Corps areas . Naval Support Activity Danang ( NSA Danang ) , provided logistic support to all American forces in I Corps , where the predominant Marine presence demanded a naval supply establishment . NSA Danang was under the operational control of Commander III Marine Amphibious Force .
MACV component commands
Major component commands of MACV were :
United States Army Vietnam ( USARV )
I Field Force , Vietnam ( I FFV )
II Field Force , Vietnam ( II FFV )
XXIV Corps
III Marine Amphibious Force ( III MAF )
Naval Forces Vietnam ( NAVFORV )
Seventh Air Force ( 7AF )
5th Special Forces Group
Civil Operations and Revolutionary Development Support ( CORDS )
Studies and Observations Group ( MACV-SOG )
Field Advisory Element , MACV
Commanders
The `` Commander , U.S. Military Assistance Command , Vietnam '' was known by the abbreviation COMUSMACV ( `` com-U.S.-mack-vee '' ) . COMUSMACV was in one sense the top person in charge of the U.S. military on the Indochinese peninsula ; however , in reality , the CINCPAC and the U.S. ambassadors to Vietnam , Laos , and Cambodia also had `` top person in charge '' status with regard to various aspects of the war 's strategy .
Inactivation
Under the terms of the Paris Peace Accords MACV and all American and third country forces had to be withdrawn from South Vietnam within 60 days of the ceasefire . A small U.S. military headquarters was needed to continue the military assistance program for the southern Republic of Vietnam Military Forces and supervise the technical assistance still required to complete the goals of Vietnamization . This headquarters was to become the Defense Attaché Office , Saigon . That headquarters was also to report operational and military intelligence through military channels to DOD authorities . In addition a multi-service organization was required to plan for the application of U.S. air and naval power into North or South Vietnam , Cambodia or Laos , should this be required and ordered . Called the United States Support Activities Group & 7th Air Force ( USSAG/7th AF ) , it was to be located at Nakhon Phanom Royal Thai Air Force Base in northeast Thailand .
The advance echelon of USSAG/7AF moved from Tan Son Nhut Air Base to Nakhon Phanom on 29 January 1973 . Transfer of the main body , drawn largely from the operations and intelligence sections of MACV and Seventh Air Force , began on 10 February . USSAG was activated on 11 February 1973 under the command of commander of MACV , but at 08:00 on 15 February , USAF General John W. Vogt Jr. , as USSAG/7AF commander , took over from MACV control of American air operations . U.S. air support operations into Cambodia continued under USSAG/7th AF until August 1973 .
The DAO was established as a subsidiary command of MACV and remained under the command of commander of MACV until the deactivation of MACV on 27 March 1973 at which time command passed to the Commander USSAG/Seventh Air Force at Nakhon Phanom . The DAO was activated on 28 January 1973 with United States Army Major General John E. Murray , formerly MACV director of logistics , as the Defense Attaché and United States Air Force Brigadier General Ralph J. Maglione , formerly the MACV J-1 ( Director for Manpower and Personnel ) , as deputy Defense Attaché .
By 29 March , the only American military personnel left in South Vietnam were the U.S. delegates to the Four-Party Joint Military Commission established under the Paris Peace Accords to oversee the ceasefire , themselves in the process of winding up work and departing ; the fifty-man DAO military contingent ; and a 143-man Marine Security Guard . At 11:00 on the 29th , in a simple ceremony , General Weyand furled the colors of the Military Assistance Command , Vietnam , and formally inactivated it .
MACV Headquarters/DAO Compound
The original MACV Headquarters were colocated with MAAG at 606 Trần Hưng Đạo , Cholon , but in May 1962 were moved to 137 Pasteur Street ( ) in central Saigon . The Trần Hưng Đạo site subsequently became the headquarters of Republic of Korea armed forces in Vietnam .
As the U.S. military presence in South Vietnam grew , MACV quickly outgrew the Pasteur Street quarters and expanded into a proliferating number of buildings throughout downtown Saigon , adding to the command 's existing security vulnerabilities and communications difficulties . In March 1965 Westmoreland began a search for a new location large enough to accommodate the entire headquarters . They initially tried to obtain a site between the ARVN Joint General Staff compound and Tan Son Nhut Airport , desirable from the standpoint of removing Americans from central Saigon and placing MACV conveniently close to its Vietnamese counterpart . The Vietnamese government , however , refused to turn over the most suitable location , a soccer field ( ) near the civilian air terminal , allegedly because Premier Nguyễn Cao Kỳ wanted to keep the property for a postwar tourist hotel . In late April 1966 , with the Saigon regime locked in a tense confrontation with Buddhist and ARVN rebels in I Corps , Ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge Jr. and Westmoreland reopened the effort to acquire the Tan Son Nhut soccer field . Under their combined pressure , Kỳ gave way . On 2 July 1966 construction of a new purpose-built facility was commenced . The building was designed and constructed under the supervision of the U.S. Navy Officer in Charge of Construction RVN . The construction contractor was RMK-BRJ at a cost of $ 25 million . MACV occupied its new headquarters early in August 1967 . The new complex soon earned the nickname `` Pentagon East . '' The air-conditioned structure of two-story prefabricated buildings , a little more than a third the size of its Washington namesake , included some twelve acres of enclosed office space . In addition to the headquarters offices , the complex included a barracks , a mess hall , a refrigerated storage building and its own power plant and telephone exchange . Inside , according to one staff officer , `` the well-waxed corridors had the fluorescent feel of an airport terminal . '' A cyclone fence , topped with barbed wire and with watch towers at intervals , provided close-in protection .
Following the closure of MACV and the establishment of the DAO , the MACV Headquarters became the DAO Compound .
References
Further reading
External links
Shoulder Sleeve Insignia
History of MACV
Saigon Facilities Map 1969
Military units and formations of the United States in the Vietnam War
former
V
Military units and formations established in 1962
Military units and formations disestablished in 1973
Cenocoelius is a genus of hymenopteran insects belonging to the family Braconidae . Those species whose life history has been studied are all koinobiont parasitoids on wood-boring beetle larvae ( mainly Cerambycidae and Curculionidae but sometimes Buprestidae ) .
References
Braconidae genera
In 1955 the state owned Ceylon Government Railway , now the Sri Lanka Railways , manufactured Sri Lanka 's `` first '' diesel-electric locomotive using old spares of withdrawn Class S1 DMU power sets . This locomotive was named as `` Jayanthi '' and classified Class M3 - 589 . The locomotive was put to service on 5 September 1956 . Two years later , in 1958 , the then Ceylon Government Railway manufactured another locomotive and Classified it as Class M3 590 .
The reconditioned Jayanthi was built at the Ratmalana Railway Workshop under the guidance of chief engineer , Mr. Raj Gopal . The locomotive made its maiden journey on 5 September 1956 . The inauguration of the train was declared open by Maithreepala Senanayaka , Minister of Transportation , 1956 government . Currently , the locomotive is scrapped .
References
M03
5 ft 6 in gauge locomotives
Anders Thiodolf Saelan ( Sælan ) ( born 20 November 1834 in Lappeenranta ; died 24 June 1921 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish physician and botanist . They reformed Finnish mental health care during their decades as chief physician of Lapinlahti Psychiatric Hospital in Helsinki .
Life and career
Saelan 's parents were Anders Johan Saelan ( 1795–1841 ) , pastor of Jämsä , and Antoinette Henrietta Kristina Müller . They attended Porvoo Upper Secondary School ( 1844–1848 ) and Porvoo High School ( 1848–1851 ) and became a university student in 1851 . Saelan graduated from the University of Helsinki with a bachelor 's degree in physical mathematics in 1855 and a master 's degree in 1857 . Saelan studied in Stockholm from 1860 to 1861 . They became a Bachelor of Medicine in 1859 and a licentiate and Doctor of Medicine and Surgery in 1865 . They later became a Master of Joy ( Riemumaisteri , an honorary degree awarded to those working for 50 years since receiving a master 's degree ) and Honorary Doctor of Philosophy in 1907 and a Doctor of Joy in 1917 .
Saelan was an amanuensis of the University of Helsinki Botanical Garden from 1859 to 1866 , an additional doctor of the National Board of Medicine from 1861 to 1864 , and an acting doctor from the Tornio and Lapland districts as a from 1864 to 1865 . Saelan worked at Lapinlahti Psychiatric Hospital as a resident from 1865 to 1868 and as an attorney general from 1868 to 1904 . Their dissertation Om självmordet i Finland i statistiskt och rättsmedicinskt hänseende ( `` About suicide in Finland in statistical and forensic terms '' ) was the first Finnish study to deal with suicides from a medical point of view . They were awarded the title of professor in 1877 . For several decades , they were Finland 's most important expert in psychiatry and mental health care .
Botanical work
Saelan 's other field was botany , where they were also one of the most important Finnish researchers of their time . They published more than 100 papers on the floristics ( plant geography ) of Finland . They were an avid botanist and spent much of their time in the Lapinlahti hospital park . Saelan , at the time a young graduate , collaborated with William Nylander to publish Herbarium Musei fennici in 1859 . This was a catalogue of the specimens in the herbarium of the botanical museum . Nylander wrote about the cryptogams , while Saelen dealt with the phanerogams . This catalogue listed 1,025 species of vascular plants , 333 mosses , 316 lichens , 71 algae , and 375 fungi .
The moss genus Saelania is named in honour of Thiodolf Saelan .
Personal
Thiodolf Saelan was married in 1873 to Naema Lovisa Vivika von Knorring ( 1850–1920 ) . They had four children : Gertrud Maria ( 1875–1911 ) , Karl Thorvald ( 1878–1959 ) , Eva Johanna Paersch ( 1883–1966 ) , and Sigyn Naemi Lindberg ( 1888–1965 ) . Karl Saelan was the technical director of the .
Selected works
References
Cited literature
1834 births
1921 deaths
19th-century Finnish botanists
20th-century Finnish botanists
Finnish psychiatrists
19th-century Finnish physicians
20th-century Finnish physicians
Swedish-speaking Finns
People from Lappeenranta
University of Helsinki alumni
Hollingbourne railway station serves Hollingbourne in Kent , England . It was opened in 1884 and is down the line from .
The station , and all trains serving it , is operated by Southeastern .
History
Hollingbourne station opened on 1 July 1884 as part of the London , Chatham and Dover Railway 's extension of the line from Maidstone to . The goods yard was on the upside . It comprises five sidings , one of which served a good shed and another served a cattle dock . Freight facilities were withdrawn on 15 May 1961 . The signal box closed on 14 April 1984 .
The station is unmanned ; a self-service ticket machine is located on the up platform .
Services
All services at Hollingbourne are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs .
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is :
1 tph to via
1 tph to via and
During the peak hours , the station is served by additional services between London Victoria and Ashford International , increasing the service to 2 tph in each direction . There are also a small number of services to and from London Blackfriars .
See also
Hollingbourne Rural District
Hollingbourne Downs
Mills on Hollingbourne Stream
References
Sources
External links
Borough of Maidstone
Railway stations in Kent
Former London , Chatham and Dover Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1884
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1884 establishments in England
George Webster ( died 15 July 1875 ) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Southland , New Zealand .
In 1860 while in Australia they attempted to found a state trustee in Victoria , similar to the Public Trustee ( known as the Public Trust ) set up in 1873 by Vogel .
They represented the Wallace electorate from 1869 to 1875 , when they died .
They died on 15 July 1875 from an inflammation of the brain after a short illness .
References
1875 deaths
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
Year of birth missing
Gerald James McDougall ( born 17 January 1967 ) is a former English cricketer . McDougall was a right-handed batsman who played primarily as a wicketkeeper . They were born at Manchester , Lancashire .
McDougall made their debut for Cambridgeshire in the 2002 MCCA Knockout Trophy , making their debut in that competition against Bedfordshire . From 2002 to 2003 , they represented the county in 2 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches . They also represented the county in 4 Minor Counties Championship matches , with their final match for Cambridgeshire in that competition coming against Staffordshire .
McDougall also played 2 List-A matches for Cambridgeshire , against the Middlesex Cricket Board in the second round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy , which was played in 2002 and against Yorkshire in the third round of the same competition . In their 2 List-A matches , they scored 6 runs and behind the stumps they took a single catch and made 3 stumpings .
References
External links
Gerald McDougall at Cricinfo
Gerald McDougall at CricketArchive
1967 births
Living people
Cricketers from Manchester
English cricketers
Cambridgeshire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Heinrich Gotthard Freiherr von Treitschke ( ; 15 September 1834 – 28 April 1896 ) was a German historian , political writer and National Liberal member of the Reichstag during the time of the German Empire . They were an extreme nationalist , who favored German colonialism and opposed the British Empire . They also opposed Catholics , Poles , Jews and socialists inside Germany .
Early life and teaching career
Treitschke was born in Dresden . They were the son of an officer of the Kingdom of Saxony 's army who became governor of Königstein and military governor of Dresden . Treitschke developed an increasing hearing problem at a young age , and so was prevented from entering public service . After studying at the universities of Leipzig and Bonn , where they were a student of Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann , they established themselves as a Privatdozent at Leipzig , lecturing on history and politics . At one time they became very popular with the students , but their political opinions made it impossible for the Saxon government to appoint them to a professorship .
At that time Treitschke was a strong Liberal ; they hoped to see Germany united into a single state with a parliamentary government , and all the smaller states annexed . They praised colonialism , stating :
< blockquote > Every virile people have established colonial power . All great nations in the fullness of their strength have desired to set their mark upon barbarian lands and those who fail to participate in this great rivalry will play a pitiable role in time to come. < /blockquote >
Treitschke also endorsed Social Darwinian theories of brutal competition among races . In an essay published in 1862 , Treitschke praised the `` pitiless racial struggle '' of Germans against Lithuanians , Poles and Old Prussians ; they claimed that `` magic '' emanated from `` eastern German soil '' which had been `` fertilised '' by `` noble German blood '' . While their main objective was to give historical legitimisation to the Germanising of Poles in Prussia , the praise of a legendary migration eastward performed by German ancestors would eventually become a means of legitimising claims to further eastern territories .
They were appointed professor at the University of Freiburg in 1863 ; in 1866 , at the beginning of the Austro-Prussian War , their sympathies with the Kingdom of Prussia were so strong that they went to Berlin , became a Prussian subject , and was appointed editor of the Preussische Jahrbücher . Their violent article , in which they demanded the annexation of the Kingdoms of Hanover and Saxony , and attacked with great invective the Saxon royal house , caused an estrangement from their father , a personal friend of the king . It was only equalled in its ill humour by their attacks on Bavaria during 1870 . After possessing appointments at the University of Kiel and the University of Heidelberg , they were made professor at Friedrich Wilhelm University ( what is now named Humboldt University ) in Berlin in 1874 .
Political career
Treitschke became a member of the Reichstag in 1871 and until their death was one of the best known people in Berlin . They were largely deaf during this period and had an aide sit by their side to transcribe discussion into writing so that they could participate .
On Heinrich von Sybel 's death , Treitschke succeeded them as editor of the Historische Zeitschrift . They had outgrown their early Liberalism and become the chief panegyrist of the House of Hohenzollern . They made violent and influential attacks on all opinions and all parties which seemed in any way to be injurious to the increasing power of Germany . They endorsed Chancellor Otto von Bismarck and their program to subdue the Socialists , Poles and Catholics ( Kulturkampf ) , but the attempts were unsuccessful because the victims organized themselves and used universal male suffrage to their advantage in the Reichstag until Bismarck finally relented .
A strong proponent of German colonialism , Treitschke was a strong critic of the British Empire , and their condemnations were favoured by some German imperialists . Their increasingly-chauvinistic Anglophobia in the late-19th century increasingly considered England as the strongest potential adversary of the rapidly-industrialising German Empire .
In the Reichstag , they had originally been a member of the National Liberal Party , but in 1879 , they were the first to accept the new commercial policy of Bismarck . During their later years , they joined the Moderate Conservatives though their deafness prevented them from taking a prominent part in debate .
Treitschke rejected the concern of the Enlightenment and liberalism for individual rights and the separation of powers , in favour of an authoritarian monarchist and militarist concept of the state . They deplored the `` penetration of French liberalism '' ( Eindringen des französischen Liberalismus ) within the German nation .
Treitschke was one of the few celebrities who endorsed anti-Semitic attacks which became prevalent from 1879 onwards . They accused German Jews of refusing to assimilate into German culture and society and attacked the flow of Jewish immigrants from Russian Poland . Treitschke popularised the phrase `` Die Juden sind unser Unglück ! '' ( `` The Jews are our misfortune ! `` ) , which would be adopted as a motto by the Nazi publication Der Stürmer several decades later . They made several anti-Semitic remarks such as the following :
The Jews at one time played a necessary role in German history , because of their ability in the management of money . But now that the Aryans have become accustomed to the idiosyncrasies of finance , the Jews are no longer necessary . The international Jew , hidden in the mask of different nationalities , is a disintegrating influence ; they can be of no further use to the world .
Because of their prominent status , Treitschke 's remarks aroused widespread controversy .
Treitschke was considered favorably by the political elites of Prussia , and Chancellor Bernhard von Bülow personally declared that they kept a copy of von Treitschke 's book for `` several years '' on their desk .
Death and legacy
In 1896 , Treitschke died in Berlin at 61 and is buried at the Alter St.-Matthäus-Kirchhof Berlin .
Throughout their life , Treitschke endorsed militarism and racism , praised the conquest of other nations and eradication of inferior peoples ( `` Brave peoples expand , cowardly peoples perish ) '' and claimed that people of African heritage were `` inferior '' .Ideology of death : why the Holocaust happened in Germany – Page 133 John Weiss – 1996
Endorsing the idea of exterminating conquered nations , they wrote :
In the unhappy clash between races , inspired by fierce mutual enmity , the blood-stained savagery of quick war of annihilation is more humane , less revolting , than the specious clemency of sloth which keeps the vanquished in a state of brute beasts .
Treitschke considered political history as a German nationalist and emphasized periods of great political change . They were a patriotic historian devoted to Prussia . Their great achievement was the History of Germany in the Nineteenth Century . The first volume was published in 1879 , and for 26 years , four more volumes appeared . At their death , they had advanced to 1847 .
They also wrote biographical and historical essays , as well as essays concerning contemporary politics . The most important essays were collected as Historische und politische Aufsatze . A selection from their more controversial writings was made with the title Zehn Jahre deutscher Kämpfe . In 1896 a new volume was published , Deutsche Kämpfe , neue Folge . After their death their lectures on political subjects were published with the title Politik .
They also published in 1856 a short volume of poems named Vaterländische Gedichte and another volume the next year . Their first works to be translated into English were two pamphlets on the War of 1870 , What we demand from France ( London , 1870 ) and The Baptism of Fire of the North German Confederation ( 1870 ) .
Treitschke 's students included Heinrich Class , Hans Delbrück , W. E. B . Du Bois , Otto Hintze , Max Lenz , Erich Marcks , Friedrich Meinecke , Karl Peters , Gustav Schnürer , Georg Simmel and Friedrich von Bernhardi . During World War I , many writers in the West , particularly in Britain , blamed Bernhardi for creating attitudes among the political class of Germany that were considered an incitement to war . This opinion was repeated by historians such as Fritz Fischer , who deemed them a major influence on decision-makers before World War I .
A complete translation of both volumes of Treitschke 's Politics was published in London in 1916 . Politics was published in 1963 in an abridged English translation edited by Hans Kohn .
Bibliography
Treitschke , Heinrich Von . Germany , France , Russia and Islam ( 1876 ; translated 1915 , reprint translation 2013 ) , selected essays in English
Treitschke , Heinrich von , Treitschke , their life and works , 1914 ; online
Heinrich von Treitschke . Treitschke 's history of Germany in the nineteenth century : Volume 1 ( 5th ed 1894 ; translated 1915 ) ; vol 1 online , vol 2 online ; vol 3 online ; vol 4 online ; vol 5 online ; vol 6 online ; vol 7 online
Heinrich von Treitschke . Germany , France , Russia , & Islam ( 1915 ) ; online
Heinrich von Treitschke . Politics ( English edition 1916 ) ; Volume One ; Volume Two
See also
Essentialist nationalism
Notes
References
Attribution
Further reading
Davis , H. W. Carless , The political thought of Heinrich von Treitschke , 1914 ; online
Dorpalen , Andreas . Heinrich von Treitschke ( New Haven 1957 ) , the standard biography in English
Hausrath , Adolf , ed . Treitschke , their doctrine of German destiny and of international relations : together with a study of their life and work ( 1914 ) online edition pp . 1–136 comprise a popular biography by Hausrath
Joll , James . `` Treitschke and the Prussian Legend '' History Today ( 1952 ) 2 # 3 pp 186–190 online .
Kilgour , Johnathan Bruce . `` Heinrich von Treitschke| Creating a German national mission . '' ( MA Thesis , University of Montana , 2004 ) online
Kohler , George Y . “ German Spirit and Holy Ghost – Treitschke 's Call for Conversion of German Jewry : The Debate Revisited ” , Modern Judaism 30:2 ( 2010 ) , pp . 172–195
Langer , Ulrich . Heinrich von Treitschke '' ( Düsseldorf 1998 ) in German
External links
1834 births
1896 deaths
Politicians from Dresden
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
German untitled nobility
German Lutherans
National Liberal Party ( Germany ) politicians
Members of the 1st Reichstag of the German Empire
Members of the 2nd Reichstag of the German Empire
Members of the 3rd Reichstag of the German Empire
Members of the 4th Reichstag of the German Empire
Members of the 5th Reichstag of the German Empire
Deaf politicians
German monarchists
German political philosophers
German philosophers
Deaf royalty and nobility
Deaf writers
19th-century German historians
19th-century German writers
19th-century German male writers
Deaf people from Germany
Leipzig University alumni
University of Bonn alumni
University of Freiburg faculty
University of Kiel faculty
Heidelberg University faculty
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Recipients of the Pour le Mérite ( civil class )
German male non-fiction writers
19th-century Lutherans
Planina ( ; , Gottschee German : Aobə ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia . It lies on the southern slopes of Mount Mirna ( ) in the southern part of Kočevje Rog . It was inhabited by Gottschee Germans that were expelled in 1941 during the Second World War . The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola . The municipality is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region .
Name
The name Planina comes from the Slovene common noun planina , referring to a mountain without trees or to a grassy mountain area used for grazing livestock . The longer name Planina pod Mirno Goro means 'Planina below Mount Mirna ' . The German name of the settlement , Stockendorf , is a compound of Stock 'stump ' and Dorf 'village ' , referring to a settlement at a site where land was cleared by burning and the stumps were then grubbed out . The Gottschee German name Aobə is the dialect form of the standard German noun Alpe 'mountain pasture ' and semantically corresponds to the Slovene name Planina .
Church
The local parish church is dedicated to the Prophet Elijah and belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Mesto . It was built in around 1730 and extended in the late 18th century . It was renovated in the early 21st century .
References
External links
Planina at Geopedia
Pre–World War II List of oeconyms and family names in Planina
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Atanasije ( ) is the Serbian variant of the Greek name Athanasios . Diminutives of the name include Atanas and Tanasko . It may refer to :
Atanasije II Gavrilović ( d. 1752 ) , Serbian Patriarch ( 1747–52 )
Athanasius I of Ohrid ( fl . 1596–1615 ) , Archbishop of Ohrid ( 1596–98 )
Atanasije ( scribe ) ( 1200–1265 ) , Serbian monk-scribe
Tanasko Rajić ( 1754–1815 ) , Serbian Revolutionary
Atanasije Stojković ( 1773–1832 ) , Serbian writer and educator
Atanasije Jevtić ( 1938–2021 ) , Serbian Orthodox bishop and theologian
Atanasije Nikolić ( 1803–1882 ) , first rector of the Belgrade Lyceum
Atanasije Antonijević , Serbian archpriest
See also
Atanasijević , patronymic
Further reading
Serbian masculine given names
Tell Raffaan ( Tall Raffan ) is an archaeological site in Iraq , in ancient Upper Mesopotamia , in the valley of the Tigris River .
Archaeological research
Exploration of the site began in 1984 as part of the Eski Mosul Dam Salvage Project , an international archaeological salvage operation organized by the Iraqi Directorate of Antiquities due to the building of a dam on the Tigris River . Excavations on Tell Raffaan and in its vicinity were conducted by an expedition from the Polish Centre of Mediterranean Archaeology University of Warsaw . Piotr Bieliński directed the archaeological works , while Ryszard F. Mazurowski and Waldemar Chmielewski headed the field survey team , which identified Paleolithic sites on the hills surrounding the micro-region . The Polish expedition also carried out work at the site of Tell Rijim , located in the same micro-region .
At its highest point , Tell Raffaan rose 6.5 meters above the level of the Tigris . The research was conducted only in the eastern part of the tell since a modern cemetery occupied the western one . Only one archaeological layer was identified , dating to the Early Uruk period ( second half of the 4th millennium BC ) . The excavations yielded numerous fragments of pottery as well as obsidian and flint tools . On the slope , there was a skeletal grave in stone setting , furnished with three undecorated cups similar to the pottery found in other parts of the site . This part of the tell was badly eroded ; no architectural remains were uncovered .
External links
Polish excavations at Tell Raffaan
Footnotes
Raffaan
Raffaan
Uruk period
Inge Thomson ( born 23 October 1974 in Fair Isle , Shetland ) is a Scottish singer and multi-instrumentalist .
They are a founding member of Harem Scarem and plays accordion and percussion in Karine Polwart 's band . They have played with groups including the Broken Family Band in which they recorded on their albums The King Will Build a Disco , Jesus Songs and Cold Water Songs , and was a longtime member of Shetland band Drop the Box . They also regularly collaborates with folk band Lau ; their partner is band member Martin Green .
They released their first solo album , Shipwrecks & Static , in 2010 .
References
External links
Official website
People from Fair Isle
Shetland music
Living people
1974 births
21st-century Scottish women singers
Scottish multi-instrumentalists
Scottish accordionists
Scottish percussionists
Scottish folk musicians
21st-century accordionists
Richmond Police Department may refer to :
Richmond Police Department ( California ) , in Richmond , California , US
Richmond Police Department ( Virginia ) , in Richmond , Virginia , US
Design Toscano , Inc. is a US-based multinational mail order catalog and electronic commerce company founded by Michael Stopka in 1989 . It is currently headquartered in Elk Grove Village , Illinois . It manufactures and sells statuary , historical reproductions , furniture and home decor . Design Toscano has been featured in Inc. magazine 's top 500 fastest growing companies in 1996 , 1997 and 1998 . Its products were also featured in the SkyMall catalog .
Design Toscano is also distributed to the United Kingdom through licensed distributors and sold through many retailers who have the full range of Design Toscano products available in the United Kingdom .
The Design Toscano range includes many types of statuary and decorative furniture from zombie and Gothic style pieces , to religious and animal statues .
References
Companies established in 1989
Companies based in Cook County , Illinois
Lawrence Glancy was a Scottish footballer who played in the Scottish League for Cowdenbeath , Celtic and Bo'ness as a centre forward .
Personal life
Glancy was the cousin of footballer Tom Glancy and the uncle of junior footballer Watty Glancy .
Career statistics
References
Scottish footballers
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
1902 births
Year of death missing
Association football forwards
Celtic F.C . players
Bo'ness F.C . players
Cowdenbeath F.C . players
Clackmannan F.C . players
Hearts of Beath F.C . players
People from Cowdenbeath
Footballers from Fife
Scottish expatriates in the United States
Jeffrey Rogers established their eponymous company in the 1970s in Margaret Street , Soho , with a staff of three . Over time , their company grew to become a large international concern ; by 1988 it had a turnover of £25 million and exported 15 per cent of production outside the UK .
During their organisation 's 1980s heyday , Rogers was described by Judy Rumbold in The Guardian as `` the T-shirt king '' , although their company was almost as ubiquitous for its knitwear , supplied to retailers such as TopShop , Miss Selfridge and John Lewis . Fashion journalist Brenda Polan described Rogers as : `` one of Britain 's most successful manufacturers of mass-market fashion , supplier to most of the zippy low-cost chains '' .
Early career
Jeffrey Rogers began their career as a lift boy in Owen Owen 's Finchley store . They then moved on to the role of floor sweeper in a coat factory . Their first move into fashion proper was working for the brand Jump , owned by Louis Caring . They established their own company , Jeffrey Rogers , in a Soho basement in 1974 , initially with a team of three people .
1980s expansion
The Jeffrey Rogers brand specialised in producing mass-market products for distribution to major high-street chain stores . Prices were competitive and by 1985 , the company had a workforce of 350 . Rogers told an interviewer in 1988 that their brand was producing 25 million T-shirts a year . Theirs was the brand that created a ubiquitous RELAX T-shirt design in 1984 worn by Frankie Goes to Hollywood fans ; as Judy Rumbold noted in a 1988 interview : `` Which came first , the record or the t-shirt ? Rogers is studiedly vague '' . Rogers ' specialism was producing garments that were on trend for high-street shoppers , as they said : `` There are five or six garments that everyone wants each season and we 've got to make sure we make at least three or four of them '' .
Collaborations
In the early 1980s , Rogers had six different labels within the Jeffrey Rogers group . They began more high-fashion and upmarket collaborations , working first with two former Royal College of Art students Meghumi Ohki and Barbara Kennington on the Lumiere brand they had launched in 1977 ; they had the design background but wanted their input into the business side . In 1983 , they collaborated with Sheilagh Brown , a high-fashion designer who had formerly worked with Stirling Cooper and Sheridan Barnett among others , and was then principal lecturer in fashion at Central Saint Martins . Initially the idea was to give their students the opportunity to design garments for commercial production . This , as described by Rogers , was an abysmal failure , but they liked working with Brown and invited them to design for him . Brown 's own label designs proved so successful that they began designing for Jeffrey Rogers ' more upmarket Portrait label as well .
Later in the 1980s , Rogers collaborated with Sandra Proctor , a former buyer at Miss Selfridge , to create the Easy Pieces label – designed as a competitor to brands such as French Connection and with a focus on knitwear .
Later career
Over time Jeffrey Rogers ' business grew into a large wholesale and retail operation . After difficult trading conditions at the start of the 1990s , they decided to build a retail business under the eponymous brand name . By 1994 , there were 39 stores and the company was planning expansion into mainland Europe .
The company went into administration in 2001 , by which stage it traded as both the Jeffrey Rogers and Rogers + Rogers brands and had some 600 employees and over 50 stores , including three overseas franchises . Inventory problems and high retail rental prices were cited as the causes of its difficulties . Rogers was the main shareholder . By 2002 Jeffrey Rogers the brand was part of the Matalan stable .
Jeffrey Rogers has continued to work in fashion design , establishing the Jeffrey & Paula label with their wife and working with retail operations such as Simply Be .
References
British fashion designers
English businesspeople in retailing
English businesspeople in fashion
1970s fashion
1980s fashion
1990s fashion
2000s fashion
2010s fashion
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
A sailor sandwich is a hot meat and cheese sandwich popular at Jewish delis in Richmond , Virginia , area restaurants . Its core ingredients are hot pastrami , grilled knackwurst , melted Swiss cheese and hot mustard on rye bread .
Origins
The New York Deli , a Jewish deli founded in 1929 , claims to be the originator of the sailor sandwich . According to local legend , during World War II , Navy seamen from the University of Richmond Navy V-12 program would frequent the New York Deli and order this then-nameless sandwich . It eventually became known as a sailor sandwich , although it is uncertain who officially named the sandwich .
Variations
The marine sandwich is popular around some Marine bases like MCB Quantico . It is usually served on Italian bread with knackwurst , pastrami or salami and uses Jewish-style mustard and comes with peppers . The West Coast version often includes sliced tomatoes on the side .
In popular culture
Patricia Cornwell , whose Kay Scarpetta novels often take place in the Richmond area , included characters ordering and eating sailor sandwiches in Cause of Death and Cruel and Unusual .
In Guy Fieri 's book , Diners , Drive-ins and Dives : An All-American Road Trip , the chapter on Virginia features Dot 's Back Inn in Richmond as a place to get a sailor sandwich . Dot 's Back Inn and the sailor sandwich were featured in an episode of Diners , Drive-Ins and Dives filmed in 2007 .
See also
List of American sandwiches
List of sandwiches
References
American sandwiches
Jewish American cuisine
Cheese sandwiches
Jewish cuisine
Richmond , Virginia
Rye-based dishes
The Clyde Wind Farm is a 522 megawatt ( MW ) wind farm near Abington in South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Planning
The first stage of the project consists of 152-turbines by Scottish and Southern Energy and was approved by the Scottish Parliament in July 2008 . It is capable of powering 200,000 homes . SSE was given planning permission to build a wind farm with turbines built on either side of the M74 motorway .
Construction
Construction of the wind farm , which was budgeted for £600 million , began in early 2009 and finished in 2012 . Welcon Towers Ltd won the contract to supply the towers for all 152 turbines for the £600 million Clyde Wind Farm . Jesper Øhlenschlæger , chief executive officer of Welcon Towers parent company Skykon , said : ‘ The Clyde project is a very important business win for our Campbeltown manufacturing . Scotland has become the most positive and the most interesting renewable wind power market in Europe . The Clyde Wind Farm project represents a landmark phase in Scotland 's renewable energy strategy . '
The first stage of the farm was opened at a ceremonial ribbon cutting by First Minister of Scotland Alex Salmond in September 2012 .
Original Capacity was 349.6MW .
Extension
In July 2014 it was announced that Scottish ministers had approved an extension to the Clyde Wind Farm . The extension will see 54 extra turbines , capable of generating an additional 162MW . This will bring the total generating capacity of the wind farm to 512MW . The extension has been upgraded to 54 turbines with a 173MW capacity and was commissioned in the summer of 2017 .
See also
Wind power in Scotland
List of onshore wind farms in the United Kingdom
List of offshore wind farms in the United Kingdom
References
External links
SSE Clyde Project website
Map of the Clyde Wind Farm
Wind farms in Scotland
Buildings and structures in South Lanarkshire
1929 saw the 35 teams that formed the Primera División divided into two groups . The top 2 of each group qualified for the final stages of the tournament , which was eventually won by Gimnasia y Esgrima ( LP ) .
The season was marred by mass abandonment of games , defending Argentine champion Huracán withdrew from 8 of its fixtures leaving them to finish in 14th place in the group . Several other teams withdrew from multiple games . Abandonments of games , discontinuations , and withdrawals were quite common in these early seasons ( cf. , for instance , the second half of the 1930 season ) .
The Argentina national team won a new edition of Copa América .
Primera División
Colegiales returned to the first division after winning the Primera B championship last year .
Group A
Group B
As Boca Juniors and San Lorenzo finished level on points , they needed a playoff to decide which team went to the final and which to the 3rd/4th place playoff .
Playoff
Third place
Final
Lower divisions
Primera B
Champion : Honor y Patria ( Bernal )
Primera C
Champion : Gimnasia y Esgrima ( Lanús )
Argentina national team
Argentina won its 4th . Copa América , hosted at home . The team also won other minor championships such as Copa Cámara de Diputados Argentina and Copa Centro Automovilístico Uruguayo but lost the Copa Lipton and Copa Newton to Uruguay .
Copa Lipton
Copa Newton
Copa América
References
Peter Valeur ( 27 July 1847 - 3 August 1922 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Coalition Party . Born in Bergen , they embarked on a career in the military , parallel with law studies . They graduated as cand.jur . in 1873 . After a series of civil jobs they settled in Kristiansand in 1892 as a postmaster .
They were a member of Kristiansand city council for an unknown period . They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1907 , representing the constituency of Fæstningen but served only one term .
References
1847 births
1922 deaths
Members of the Storting
Coalition Party ( Norway ) politicians
Politicians from Kristiansand
Emporda ( from the official name in , , name in , ) is a natural and historical region of Catalonia , Spain , divided since 1936 into two comarques , Alt Empordà and Baix Empordà .
The city of Figueres , an important urban and economic center of the Empordà , was designated the capital of Alt Empordà , while La Bisbal d'Empordà , following a more geographic and historical criteria , became the capital of Baix Empordà .
Empordà has been the cradle for many pictoric schools , with surrealism standing out , including artists such as Salvador Dalí , Angel Planells , Joan Massanet and Evarist Vallès .
Etymology
The name Empordà is a derivative of Empúries ( Empòrion in Old Greek or Emporiae in Latin ) , which means `` the markets '' .
The name Empordà comes from a succession of phonetic derivatives of County of Empúries , a county which had its capital first in Sant Martí d'Empúries and then in Castelló d'Empúries the capital of medieval Empordà during the period of political splendor of this county . This was one of the most insurgent towards the royal power and one of the lasts to join the Crown of Aragon , and that led to a few curious episodes like the deviation of the Ter ( river ) or the unfinished build of the Montgrí Castle on top of the Montgrí Massif .
The Baix Empordà born writer Josep Pla used to refer to the surroundings of their native Palafrugell as Empordanet , or the region that goes in between the Gavarres and the Montgrí , and that name is still used today to refer to the Baix Empordà .
History
The region was already inhabited in the prehistory . There are a number of caves that served as a shelter for paleolithic men in the Montgrí Massif ; the most famous ones share the same name : `` Cau Del Duc '' , one in Torroella and the other in Ullà . We also find important megalithic structures in Massís de les Gavarres or Massís de Cadiretes , as well as the dolmens in Fitor .
The Greeks established themselves very close to the actual region , in Roses ( possibly a colony of Rhodes , though this is uncertain ) in the 8th century BC and in Empúries at the beginning of the 6th century BC .
The Iberians built one of their main cities in Ullastret in the 6th century BC ; the name of the tribe was Indigetes . But with the arrival of the Romans , a process of transformation was initiated that changed the occupational system and the economic exploitation of the territory , which led to the abandonment of Ullastret in the 2nd century BC .
The Baix Empordà was Romanized like all other places of the Roman Empire but that was followed by barbaric invasions in the 3rd and 5th centuries that notably impoverished the region and reduced their urban centers to the minimum expression .
There are many traces of the Romanization , but it is hard to envision the print of the Visigoths and the Arabs , because the proximity of the Kingdom of the Franks caused the creation of independent counties ruled by feudal lords .
The Muslim invasion actually lasted less than sixty years ( 714–785 ) and the old Hispano-Gothic population came back .
The administrative division of the Carolingian Empire divided the conquered Catalan territory in counties . While the north of the county and the current Alt Empordà was organised around the county of Empúries , the rest were regions or sub-regions of the Bishop of Girona , owner of extensive lands—especially in the Baix Empordà- , or baronies from branches of the Cardona vinculated to the county , to then be the maritime center of the county of Girona , from Begur to Sant Feliu de Guíxols . The first `` drassanes '' or shipyards where found in Empordà in the 10th century , as well as in Tortosa in 945 , then ruled by Abd al-Rahman III .
References
External links
Club de Polo Ampurdan
History of Catalonia
Elvis Taione ( born 25 May 1983 in Nukualofa , Tonga ) is a rugby union footballer . Their regular playing position is hooker . They previously played Super Rugby for the Western Force , Waratahs , Jersey in the RFU Championship and is currently signed to Exeter Chiefs , winning the Aviva Premiership in 2016/17 .
Exeter Chiefs signed Taione in March 2014 on a two-year contract . They were named in Tonga 's 2015 Rugby World Cup squad .
On 15 June 2021 , after seven seasons with Exeter , Taione would leave to join Welsh region Ospreys in the United Rugby Championship for the 2021–22 season .
References
External links
Western Force profile
itsrugby.co.uk profile
Living people
1983 births
Tongan rugby union players
Rugby union hookers
Western Force players
New South Wales Waratahs players
Jersey Reds players
Exeter Chiefs players
Tongan expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in Australia
Expatriate rugby union players in England
Tongan expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Tongan expatriate sportspeople in England
People from Nukuʻalofa
Tonga international rugby union players
Ospreys ( rugby union ) players
Tongan expatriate sportspeople in Wales
William Fraser ( 1778 or 1779 Strathglass , Inverness-shire Scotland – October 4 , 1851 Arichat , Nova Scotia , Canada ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and the first Bishop of Halifax in Nova Scotia from 1842 to July 20 , 1845 . They were Bishop of Arichat from September 22 , 1844 ( now the Diocese of Antigonish ) . The difference in the dates is due to the splitting of the diocese into two dioceses effective September 22 , 1844 , and Fraser remaining Bishop of Halifax until such time that William Walsh took formal possession of the Diocese of Halifax .
In folklore
In both Scottish and Canadian folklore , Bishop Fraser is a folk hero . They are said to have been a man of enormous physical strength and to have been able to break steel horseshoes with their bare hands . On both sides of the Atlantic Ocean , many legends have been collected of the Bishop 's exploits .
In Canadian literature
Despite their devotion to the Catholic Faith , poet Ailean a ' Ridse MacDhòmhnaill , a major figure in Scottish Gaelic literature and that of Canadian Gaelic , sharply opposed Bishop Fraser 's decision to forcibly introduce the Catholic temperance movement into the Diocese of Arichat . In Ailean a ' Ridse 's 1854 Canadian Gaelic poem Òran dhan Deoch , ( `` A Song to Drink '' ) , which they set to the air Robai Dona Gòrach , they declared themselves a believer in , `` The creed of Bacchus '' . Ailean a ' Ridse also lamented the loss of merriment caused by the Church 's bans against music and alcohol , while also lamenting the damage that they had seen alcoholism cause in their own family and among many other families like them .
Despite their differing views over alcohol , following Bishop Fraser 's death , Ailean a ' Ridse MacDhòmhnaill composed the poem Cumha do ' n Easguig Friseal ( `` Lament for Bishop Fraser '' ) , which MacDhòmhnaill set to the air A ' bliadhna leum dar milleadh . According to Effie Rankin , Ailean a ' Ridse adapted the traditional verse iconography of a Highland clan mourning for the death of their Chief to the Catholic Gaels of the Diocese of Arichat mourning for the death of their Bishop .
References
Further reading
A . A. Johnston , A History of the Catholic Church in Eastern Nova Scotia , Vol . II , St. Francis Xavier University Press , Antigonish , N.S. , 1971 .
Diocese of Antigonish
1778 births
1779 births
1851 deaths
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Canada
Canadian folklore
People from Cape Breton Island
Roman Catholic bishops of Antigonish
Roman Catholic bishops of Halifax
Scottish emigrants to pre-Confederation Nova Scotia
Scottish folklore
Tall tales
Melittis melissophyllum is a species of flowering plant in the mint family , Lamiaceae . Its common name is bastard balm . It is the only species in the monotypic genus Melittis . The genus name is derived from the Greek melitta , which is in turn from melissa ( `` a bee '' ) .
Subspecies
Melittis melissophyllum subsp . albida ( Guss . ) P.W.Ball - eastern Mediterranean from Sardinia to Turkey
Melittis melissophyllum subsp . carpatica ( Klokov ) P.W.Ball - eastern Europe from Austria to Baltic States
Melittis melissophyllum subsp . melissophyllum - western Europe from Britain to Spain + Italy
Distribution
It is native to central and southern Europe from the British Isles + Portugal east to Turkey + Ukraine + Baltic States .
Description
Melittis melissophyllum reaches on average of height , with a minimum of and a maximum of . It is a strongly aromatic plant with erect hairy stems . The root of this plant is a perennial short rhizome . This species is quite variable in shape of leaves and colors . The leaves reach of length . They are oval , bluntly-toothed , quite hairy . They have a short petiole and are in opposite pairs up the stems . The inflorescence is composed of large pedunculated hermaphrodite flowers ( two to six , or more ) growing in the axils of the leaves . The flowers are labiate , arranged in pairs and are one-sided ( all flowers `` look '' at the same side ) . They are usually white or pale pink with a large pinkish purple blotch on the lower lip . They are mainly pollinated by bees and moths . The flowering period extends from May through August .
Habitat
The plant grows in shady deciduous woods , often with oak , beech , and chestnut . It can also be found among pines and junipers . It is common at altitudes of above sea level .
Cultivation
Bastard balm grows well as an edging in a sunny woodland or as a scrubby border . It is attractive to insects . Cultivars include 'Royal Velvet Distinction ' .
Gallery
Notes
References
Pignatti S. - Flora d'Italia - Edagricole – 1982 Vol . II , pg . 452
Pink , A . - Gardening for the Million ( 2004 ) - Project Gutenberg|Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation| Gardening for the Million
Klein Carol - How to grow Melittis melissophyllum - The Daily Telegraph - How to grow
Canadian Food Inspection Agency : Plant Breeders ' Rights Office : `` Royal Velvet Distinction '' - 30 Apr 2007 - Melittis melissophyllum
External links
Biolib
Melittis melissophyllum
Bastard Balm
Plants
Lamiaceae
Flora of Europe
Monotypic Lamiaceae genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Revista Brasileira de Chímica was a peer-reviewed scientific journal of chemistry that was established in 1929 by the Sociedade Brasileira de Chímica . In 1932 the name changed to Revista da Sociedade Brasileira de Química . Publication was suspended between December 1933 to January 1936 and ceased in 1951 because the Sociedade Brasileira de Química was incorporated in the Associação Brasileira de Química . With the founding of the second Sociedade Brasileira de Química , the publication of Química Nova in 1978 and the Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society in 1990 started . Química Nova is also subtitled as Revista da Sociedade Brasileira de Química , indicating its historical origin .
Further reading
C.A.L . Filgueiras , Química Nova 19 , p. 445 ( 1996 ) :
External links
Associação Brasileira de Química
Chemistry journals
1929 establishments in Brazil
1951 disestablishments in Brazil
Defunct journals
Publications established in 1929
Publications disestablished in 1951
Portuguese-language journals
Academic journals published by learned and professional societies of Brazil
Eve Savander ( born 2 September 1998 ) is a Finnish ice hockey player , currently playing in the Swedish Women 's Hockey League ( SDHL ) with AIK Hockey Dam . Them college ice hockey career was spent with the Ohio State Buckeyes women 's ice hockey program in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association ( WCHA ) conference of the NCAA Division I .
As a member of the Finnish national team , they won a bronze medal at the 2015 IIHF Women 's World Championship .
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
AIK Hockey Dam players
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in Sweden
Finnish expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Finnish women 's ice hockey defencemen
KalPa Naiset players
Ohio State Buckeyes women 's ice hockey players
People from Joensuu
Sportspeople from North Karelia
Team Kuortane players
KSDC may refer to :
Kuki State Demand Committee
KSDC , the ICAO airport code for Williamson-Sodus Airport in New York State
KSDC-LP , a low-powered radio station in Centralia , Missouri
Kentucky State Data Center
In enzymology , a farnesol 2-isomerase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
2-trans,6-trans-farnesol 2-cis,6-trans-farnesol
Hence , this enzyme has one substrate , 2-trans,6-trans-farnesol , and one product , 2-cis,6-trans-farnesol .
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases , specifically cis-trans isomerases . The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-trans,6-trans-farnesol 2-cis-trans-isomerase . This enzyme is also called farnesol isomerase .
References
EC 5.2.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Escambia Bay Bridge is a six-lane freeway bridge that carries Interstate 10 ( I-10 ) across Escambia Bay near Pensacola , Florida .
History
The original four-lane bridge opened in 1968 . It consisted of twin spans of two lanes each with no shoulders and was heavily damaged during Hurricane Ivan in 2004 .
The storm surge knocked a total of 58 spans off the eastbound and westbound bridges and misaligned another 66 spans , causing the bridge to close to traffic in both directions . A $ 26.5 million dollar project was awarded to Gilbert Southern/Massman and the Parsons Corporation to make emergency repairs to the bridge . Traffic normally destined for the bridge was rerouted along U.S. Route 90 ( US 90 , exit 17 ) for over two months while temporary spans were built along the bridge 's existing substructure , resulting in severe traffic jams . The westbound spans were completed and opened to traffic on October 4 , 7 days ahead of schedule , while the eastbound spans were completed and opened to traffic on November 20 , 66 days after Ivan made landfall and 27 days ahead of schedule . Both contractors received $ 1.5 million in bonuses for the early completion .
Construction on a new bridge to replace the one damaged by the hurricane began in early 2006 . As the original bridge was left in place during construction , the new bridge was routed to the south and has a curved alignment near the beginning and end of each approach . Unlike the previous bridge , the new bridge features a total of six lanes ( three eastbound and three westbound ) as well as shoulders , modern barrier walls and lighting . The westbound portion of the bridge opened on December 12 , 2007 .
The bridge connects the northern part of Florida with the Gulf Coast and is used by an estimated 50,000 vehicles per day .
The Scenic Highway bridge that runs over and perpendicular to the I-10 bridge ( seen running left to right at the very bottom of the above picture ) was also replaced by a new bridge in 2015 .
See also
References
External links
Escambia Bay Bridge Reopens to Traffic
Florida Army National Guard Secures Escambia Bay Bridge
Bridge photos from Florida DOT
Transportation buildings and structures in Escambia County , Florida
Pensacola metropolitan area
Transportation buildings and structures in Santa Rosa County , Florida
Road bridges in Florida
Interstate 10
Bridges on the Interstate Highway System
1968 establishments in Florida
Concrete bridges in the United States
Girder bridges in the United States
Bridges completed in 1968
Bridges completed in 2007
Rodburn is an unincorporated community in Rowan County , in the U.S. state of Kentucky .
History
Rodburn had its start in the 1870s when the Hixson-Rodburn Lumber Company built a sawmill there . A post office was established at Rodburn in 1888 , and remained in operation until 1922 .
References
Unincorporated communities in Rowan County , Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Hyacinthe Gaëtan de Lannion ( 1719–1762 ) was a French politician and administrator . From 1735 to 1762 they were the Governor of Vannes in Brittany , a hereditary post they inherited from their father Anne de Lannion along with the title Count of Lannion . In 1756 following France 's successful siege of the strategic British base of Minorca they were appointed Governor of Minorca a position they held until 1758 and then again between 1760 and 1762 . They died in 1762 , and was succeeded in their title by Emmanuel Marie Louis de Noailles .
See also
List of Governors of Minorca
France in the Seven Years War
1719 births
1762 deaths
French politicians
The 1945 Latvian Higher League was a season of the Latvian Higher League , the top-level football league in Latvia . It was contested by six teams , with Dinamo Rīga winning the championship .
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Sir Arnold Charles Trinder , GBE ( 12 May 1906 – 25 December 1989 ) was a British business person who was the Lord Mayor of London from 1968 to 1969 .
References
Who Was Who
External links
1906 births
1989 deaths
Knights Bachelor
British businesspeople
20th-century lord mayors of London
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire
Aldermen of the City of London
Sheriffs of the City of London
Kaingaroa is a locality in the Far North District of New Zealand . It lies on State Highway 10 north-east of Awanui and Kaitaia , and south-west of Karikari Peninsula .
Demographics
Kaingaroa is in an SA1 statistical area which covers . The SA1 area is part of the larger Karikari Peninsula statistical area .
The SA1 statistical area had a population of 183 at the 2018 New Zealand census , a decrease of 6 people ( −3.2 % ) since the 2013 census , and an increase of 24 people ( 15.1 % ) since the 2006 census . There were 63 households , comprising 93 males and 90 females , giving a sex ratio of 1.03 males per female . The median age was 50.3 years ( compared with 37.4 years nationally ) , with 36 people ( 19.7 % ) aged under 15 years , 21 ( 11.5 % ) aged 15 to 29 , 99 ( 54.1 % ) aged 30 to 64 , and 27 ( 14.8 % ) aged 65 or older .
Ethnicities were 86.9 % European/Pākehā , 27.9 % Māori , 1.6 % Pacific peoples , and 1.6 % other ethnicities . People may identify with more than one ethnicity .
Of those people who chose to answer the census 's question about religious affiliation , 55.7 % had no religion , 34.4 % were Christian , 1.6 % had Māori religious beliefs and 3.3 % had other religions .
Of those at least 15 years old , 15 ( 10.2 % ) people had a bachelor or higher degree , and 27 ( 18.4 % ) people had no formal qualifications . The median income was $ 26,600 , compared with $ 31,800 nationally . 15 people ( 10.2 % ) earned over $ 70,000 compared to 17.2 % nationally . The employment status of those at least 15 was that 75 ( 51.0 % ) people were employed full-time , 27 ( 18.4 % ) were part-time , and 6 ( 4.1 % ) were unemployed .
Education
Kaingaroa School is a coeducational full primary ( years 1–8 ) school with a roll of as of The school was established in 1873–74 as Mangatete Maori School .
Notes
Far North District
Populated places in the Northland Region
The Big Shot is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Edward Killy from a screenplay by Arthur T. Horman and Bert Granet , based on a story by Lawrence Pohle and Thomas Ahearn . The film stars Guy Kibbee , Cora Witherspoon , Dorothy Moore , and Russell Hicks . Produced and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures , the film premiered on July 23 , 1937 .
Plot
Bertram Simms is a veterinarian in a small town , who is quite content with their place in life . When they inherit a large estate and fortune from an unknown relative , they want to continue living in the small town . Their wife , Elizabeth , has other plans , wanting to see their daughter , Peggy , enter into high society in the city where Bertram 's relative ( an uncle ) used to live . Upon their arrival in the uncle 's mansion things do not seem to add up properly .
Unbeknownst to the Simms , Bertram 's uncle was the leader of a criminal gang . When Bertram is persuaded by Peggy 's boyfriend , Chet , to purchase the newspaper that Chet works for which had been closed down by the gang , they restart the paper 's crusade to rid the city of its criminal element . When Elizabeth is conned into throwing a massive gala by the leader of the gang , Martin Blake , they believe the party will be the host to the crème de la crème of the city 's society . During the party , Bertram is mistakenly identified as the leader of the city 's criminal underworld . In spite of the misidentification , Bertram is cleared of any wrongdoing , and Blake and their men are apprehended by the police .
Cast
Guy Kibbee as Dr. Bertram Simms
Cora Witherspoon as Elizabeth Simms
Dorothy Moore as Peggy Simms
Gordon Jones as Chester `` Chet '' Scott
Russell Hicks as Martin Blake
Frank M. Thomas as Murdock
Dudley Clements as Honest John McQuade
George Irving as Police Chief
Maxine Jennings as Gloria
Barbara Pepper as Mamie
Tom Kennedy as Bugs
John Kelly as Deuces
Eddie Gribbon as Soapy
Al Hill as Spots
Donald Kirke as Johnny Cullen
( Cast list as per AFI database )
Production
During production the title of the film was Take the Heir .
Reception
The Film Daily gave the film a positive review , stating that the `` High content of laughs and able performances mark pleasing comedy '' . They went on to say that Killy 's direction maximized the performances , while applauding the camera work of Nicholas Musuraca . Harrison 's Reports was less flattering , calling it `` mildly amusing '' , and commenting that it was slow-moving and that the plot was less than believable . They did compliment Kibbee on their performance . Modern Screen also felt it was `` mildly diverting '' , and while they thought the concept was amusing , they were less than pleased with the screenplay , and felt that Cora Witherspoon 's performance was poor . Motion Picture Daily was slightly more positive , also calling the film amusing , but felt the plot had several interesting twists , and praised Edward Killey 's direction .
References
External links
1937 films
American comedy films
1937 comedy films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Edward Killy
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Slatina is a village in the municipality of Čačak , Serbia . According to the 2011 census , the village has a population of 575 people .
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Petricolaria dactylus , common name petricola , is a species of saltwater clam , a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae , the Venus clams .
Habitat and distribution
Petricolaria dactylus is a perforating species of substrates such as sandstone and stony bottoms . This species is native to the eastern coast of South America from Uruguay to the Patagonian Atlantic coast .
References
Veneridae
Bivalves described in 1823
David Robert Morrison ( born July 29 , 1955 , in Oakland , California ) is an American mathematician and theoretical physicist . They work on string theory and algebraic geometry , especially its relations to theoretical physics .
Morrison studied at Princeton University with bachelor 's degree in 1976 and at Harvard University with master 's degree in 1977 and PhD under Phillip Griffiths in 1980 with thesis Semistable Degenerations of Enriques ' and Hyperelliptic Surfaces . From 1980 they were an instructor and from 1982 an assistant professor at Princeton University and in the academic year 1984–1985 a visiting scientist at the University of Kyoto ( as Fellow der Japan Society for the Promotion of Science ) . In 1986 they became an associate professor and in 1992 a professor of mathematics at Duke University and then in 1997 `` James B. Duke Professor of Mathematics and Physics '' . While at Duke , Morrison advised multiple PhD students , including Antonella Grassi and Carina Curto . Since 2006 they have been a professor at the University of California , Santa Barbara .
Although Morrison began their career as a mathematician in classical algebraic geometry , in their later career they have also been a string theorist . They work on the interfaces and mutual fertilization of algebraic geometry and string theory , especially mirror symmetry .
In 1992–1993 , 1996–1997 and 2000 they were at the Institute for Advanced Study . In 1995 they were a visiting professor at Cornell University , in 2005 at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics , and in 2006 a research professor at MSRI .
In 2015 they became a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , in 2013 a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society , in 2005 a Senior Scholar at the Clay Mathematics Institute and in 2005–2006 a Guggenheim Fellow .
They are a co-editor of selected works of their thesis supervisor Phillip Griffiths .
Morrison was an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Zürich in 1994 ( Mirror Symmetry and Moduli Spaces of Superconformal Field Theories ) .
Works
Quantum field theory , supersymmetry , and enumerative geometry . Freed , Daniel S. and Morrison , David R. and Singer , Isadore editors . IAS/Park City Mathematics Series , Vol . 11 . American Mathematical Society Providence , RI viii+285 . Papers from the Graduate from Summer School of the IAS/Park City Mathematics Institute held in Princeton , NJ , 2001 . ( 2006 )
Quantum fields and strings : a course for mathematicians . Vol . 1 , 2 . Material from the Special Year on Quantum Field Theory held at the Institute for Advanced Study , Princeton , NJ , 1996–1997 . Edited by Pierre Deligne , Pavel Etingof , Daniel S. Freed , Lisa C. Jeffrey , David Kazhdan , John W. Morgan , David R. Morrison and Edward Witten . American Mathematical Society , Providence , RI ; Institute for Advanced Study ( IAS ) , Princeton , NJ , 1999 . Vol . 1 : xxii+723 pp . ; Vol . 2 : pp . i -- xxiv and 727–1501 . , 81-06 ( 81T30 81Txx )
Mirror symmetry and rational curves on quintic threefolds : A guide for mathematicians , J. Amer . Math . Soc . 6 , 1993 , 223–247 , ArXiv.org ( also online at : )
Mathematical aspects of mirror symmetry , in János Kollár ( ed . ) Complex Algebraic Geometry , IAS/Park City Math . Series , Vol . 3 , 1997 , pp . 265–340 , ArXiv.org
Mathematical Aspects of Mirror Symmetry , in Björn Engquist , Wilfried Schmid Mathematics Unlimited , Springer Verlag 2001 , Arxiv.org
References
External links
Homepage
David R. Morrison : Publications
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
American string theorists
Princeton University alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Duke University faculty
University of California , Santa Barbara faculty
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
1955 births
Living people
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Mathematicians from California
The 1986 Greenwich Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Greenwich London Borough Council in London , England . The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council .
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
May 1986 events in the United Kingdom
Karazhma is a small village in the Alappuzha district of Kerala , India . Karazma is located in the Chennithala Punchayat and is the site of Karazhma Bhagvati Temple .
Karazhma is bordered by Mavelikara - Thiruvalla road in the West , a beautiful river in the east , lush paddy fields in the north and marshes in the south . Karazhma has a good mix of Christian and Hindu population that comprises its local inhabitants .
Karazhma kottaram
Karazhma Kottaram or Karazhma Palace ( in English ) is an ancient palace located at Mannar panchayath , Chengannur Taluk of Alapuzha District , Kerala State , India .
The family belongs to Panangattu Kovilakam of Beypore , near Calicut , Kerala State of India .
References
Villages in Alappuzha district
The Women of Pitcairn Island is a 1956 American adventure drama film directed by Jean Yarbrough and starring Lynn Bari , John Smith and Sue England .
The film 's sets were designed by the art director Dave Milton .
Plot
Nearly twenty years after the Bounty mutineers landed on Pitcairn Island , the last survivor has died leaving only their local-born widows and children . Tensions arise on the island when a fresh load of shipwrecked sailors arrive .
Cast
James Craig as Capt . Jeb Page
Lynn Bari as Queen Maimiti Christian
John Smith as Thursday October Christian
Sue England as Nana ' i Young
Arleen Whelan as Hutia
Harry Lauter as Ben Fish
Henry Rowland as Muskie
Pierce Lyden as Dan Scruggs
Paul Sorensen as Sam Allard
Rico Alaniz as The Spanisher
John Stevens as Charles Quintal , island boy
Tim Johnson as John Martin
Carol Thurston as Balhadi
Sonia Sorel as Taharua Young
Lorna Thayer as Moa'tua , weeping woman
Michael Miller as Tom , captive boy
Richard Devin as Niahiti , captive boy
House Peters Jr. as Coggins , sailor hiding jewels
Carol Richards as Title Theme Singer ( voice )
Charlita as Island Woman
Milicent Patrick as Island Woman
Roxanne Reed as Island Woman
Joel Collins as Island Boy
James Westmoreland as Island Boy
Robert Cabal as Island Boy
Robert Kendall as Island Boy
Production
Filming started in August 1956 in Paramount 's Sunset Studios .
See also
List of American films of 1956
References
Bibliography
Ray Hagen & Laura Wagner . Killer Tomatoes : Fifteen Tough Film Dames . McFarland , 2014 .
External links
The Women of Pitcairn Island at BFI
1956 films
1950s adventure drama films
1950s historical adventure films
1950s English-language films
American adventure drama films
Films directed by Jean Yarbrough
American historical adventure films
20th Century Fox films
Films set in the 1800s
Seafaring films
Films about HMS Bounty
Films scored by Paul Dunlap
1956 drama films
Films produced by Aubrey Wisberg
Films with screenplays by Aubrey Wisberg
1950s American films
Rhyddings ( formerly Rhyddings High School and then Rhyddings Business and Enterprise School ) is a mixed secondary school located in Oswaldtwistle in the English county of Lancashire . The current headteacher is Andrew Williams , who took over in September 2018 .
History
A new “ hi tech ” building for the school opened in March 2003 , which replaced the old annex which had been in used since the 1920s .
The former headteacher was Paul Trickett , who replaced Barry Burke , who was appointed principal of Manchester Health Academy in July 2008 . Mr Burke took over from their predecessor , Joyce Moore , in January 1998 . Mrs Moore began as headteacher in 1974 , being the first woman headteacher at a mixed school in Lancashire .
In December 2013 , it was reported that a quarter of teachers faced redundancy , due to more schools competing for fewer pupils . In June 2014 , Trevor Ainsworth , the deputy headteacher , announced their retirement from the school , after spending their entire teaching career in Rhyddings , starting in 1977 .
The school was inspected by Ofsted in 2014 and judged Good .
In January 2016 , the school was named one of `` 329 Failing Secondary Schools '' ..
As of 2021 , its most recent inspection was in 2018 , when it was judged Requires Improvement .
Previously a community school administered by Lancashire County Council , in June 2022 Rhyddings converted to academy status . The school is now sponsored by the LET Education Trust .
Academics
Rhyddings offers GCSEs and BTECs as programmes of study for pupils .
Notable former pupils
Vicky Entwistle , actor
Paul Manning , undercover police officer and whistleblower
References
External links
Rhyddings official website
Secondary schools in Lancashire
Academies in Lancashire
Schools in Hyndburn
Odette Lusien ( 11 November 1927 – 12 March 2007 ) was a French swimmer who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
References
1927 births
2007 deaths
French female breaststroke swimmers
French female butterfly swimmers
Olympic swimmers of France
Swimmers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1956 Summer Olympics
20th-century French women
21st-century French women
Agger Valley Railway ( Aggertalbahn ) is the established name of two railway lines in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia :
Siegburg–Olpe railway , the historic Agger Valley Railway that is now only open between Overath and Dieringhausen
Cologne-Kalk–Overath railway , which extended the above-mentioned line in 1910 in order to provide a direct link from Cologne and which then left the valley of the Agger river
Yurminka ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Starokosteyevsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 5 as of 2010 . There is 1 street .
Geography
Yurminka is located 29 km west of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Fedorovka is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
The U.S. Post Office-Langdon , also known as Langdon Post Office , in Langdon , North Dakota , United States , is a post office building that was built in 1937 . It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 .
References
Government buildings completed in 1937
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Dakota
National Register of Historic Places in Cavalier County , North Dakota
Stripped Classical architecture in the United States
1937 establishments in North Dakota
Didube ( ) is a metro station in Tbilisi , Georgia . It is located on the Akhmeteli–Varketili Line . Didube is three stations from the central station , and five from the city 's main street ( Rustaveli Avenue metro station , Tbilisi Rustaveli Avenue ) , in between Gotsiridze and Grmagele stations . The station is above ground .
The Didube markets are located nearby , and the city 's main bus station lies adjacent to the metro station . As buses to a number of locations , such as Vladikavkaz and the ski-fields at Bakuriani depart from there , it is common for people to catch the metro to Didube , and then change to the buses .
If the planned third line for the Tbilisi Metro goes ahead , it will interlink with the Akhmeteli–Varketili Line at this station .
On 9 October 1997 , a former police officer blew themselves up with a homemade bomb at the station . No one else was injured .
See also
List of Tbilisi metro stations
External links
Didube station page at Tbilisi Municipal Portal
Tbilisi Metro stations
Railway stations opened in 1966
1966 establishments in Georgia ( country )
The Soleymaniyeh Palace ( Persian : کاخ سلیمانیه ) is a Qajar era royal residence in Karaj , Iran . It is notable for the paintings inside that show Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar 's brothers and Fathali Shah Qajar and their sons .
History
The building was constructed by the order of Fathali Shah Qajar in a large garden near the Karaj river . The architect of the place was Hajji Mohammad Hossein Isfahani .
There are two stories regarding the name of the building . The more probable one states that the place was built on the occasion of the birth of the Shah 's 34th son named Soleiman Mirza . Soleiman Miza is shown as a kid near the throne in one of the paintings . However , Gaspard Drouville , a Frenchman who was in Iran at the time , reports that a son of Fathali Shah , Mohammad Ali Mirza Dowlatshah , was unhappy of Abbas Mirza 's designation as the crown prince , and to prove their worth engaged in warfare with the Ottoman governor of Iraq , Suleiman Pasha , defeated them and took a hefty loot . They then sent the loot to the capital , and the Shah made the palace with that money and named it Soleymaniyeh to forever commemorate the victory over the Ottomans .
There are two paintings by Abdallah Khan in the building , one showing the brothers of Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar , and the other showing Fathali Shah Qajar and their courtiers .
A 5 floors tall Safavid tower used to be near the building once , but it was demolished and now only the ruins of the first floor remains .
It was listed in the national heritage sites of Iran with the number 370 on 21 February , 1949 .
References
Palaces in Iran
National works of Iran
Buildings of the Qajar period
19th-century establishments in Iran
Karaj
The Directive on combating violence against women and domestic violence is an EU Directive proposal by the European Commission tabled on 8 March 2022 .
The European Commission proposed an EU-wide legislation in this area following a request to act by the European Parliament . In September 2021 , Members of the European Parliament called on the European Commission to legislate to prevent violence against women and support the victims . The objective of the initiative was to make violence against women and domestic violence a crime under EU law , along with already criminalized conduct such as cybercrime , sexual exploitation and money laundering for example .
Under the proposal by the European Commission gender-based violence would be indeed considered as a crime under Article 83 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union .
The initiative was called for by the European Women 's Lobby in order to translate into EU legislation the standards of the Istanbul Convention on gender-based violence .
References
External links
Text of the directive proposal
European Union directives
Draft European Union laws
Violence against women
Gender-related violence
Crimes against women
Edward Kent Gill ( November 14 , 1917 – February 9 , 1985 ) was an American Republican Party politician who served as Mayor of Cranford , New Jersey and was elected to two terms of office in the New Jersey General Assembly , from 1982 until their death , where they represented the 21st Legislative District .
Biography
Gill was born in England on November 14 , 1917 . They were raised in Newark , New Jersey , and attended Weequahic High School before serving in the United States Air Force during World War II . Gill earned their undergraduate degree from Rutgers University and was awarded a Master of Business Administration degree from New York University . They started working at Western Electric in the 1930s , and during their four decades there was promoted to director , retiring from the company in 1979. for 40 years , retiring in 1979 as a director .
Active in many Cranford community organizations , Gill was president of the Taxpayers Association , and served on the Housing Board and the Board of Health . They served as the township 's mayor from 1967 to 1970 . They were elected to the State Assembly in 1981 , seeking an open seat when incumbent C. Louis Bassano ran for the State Senate . Gill and their running mate , Chuck Hardwick , defeated Democrats Edward Jonathan Bell and John D. Mollozzi by a wide margin . In 1983 , Hardwick and Gill defeated Democrats Barbara Brande and Eugene J. Carmody . Gill won by a relatively narrow 2,509 votes over Brande , who had been the first woman to serve as Mayor of Cranford . They had announced that they would not run for a third term in the Assembly .
Gill died at age 67 on February 9 , 1985 , at Muhlenberg Hospital in Plainfield , New Jersey due to heart disease . They were survived by their wife , the former Margaret Lizzotte , as well as by a daughter , four sons and three grandchildren .
References
1917 births
1985 deaths
People from Cranford , New Jersey
Politicians from Newark , New Jersey
Weequahic High School alumni
United States Army Air Forces personnel of World War II
Mayors of places in New Jersey
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey Republicans
New York University Stern School of Business alumni
Rutgers University alumni
20th-century American politicians
British emigrants to the United States
President of the Legislative Assembly may refer to any of the following presiding officers ( speakers ) of parliamentary bodies styled legislative assemblies :
President of the Legislative Assembly of Macau of the Legislative Assembly of Macau
President of the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica of the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica
President of the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador of the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador
President of the Legislative Assembly of the Federal District of the Legislative Assembly of the Federal District
See also
Speaker of the Legislative Assembly
Ryan High School may refer to :
Archbishop Ryan High School , in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania
Billy Ryan High School , in Denton , Texas
Father Ryan High School , in Nashville , Tennessee
Bishop Ryan High School , in Minot , North Dakota
Milakovići may refer to :
Milakovići , Montenegro
Milakovići ( Prijepolje ) , Serbia
Dorothy Cadman-Cadman , Lady Wingate-Saul ( née Sharpe ; 5 February 1889 – 23 December 1971 ) was a British archer from Lancaster . They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London .
Cadman competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women , the double National round . They took 19th place in the event with 427 points .
They married firstly in 1903 , Christopher Cadman-Cadman ( 1873–1931 ) and secondly in 1938 , Sir Ernest Wingate-Saul ( 1873–1944 ) . They died in York , Yorkshire , aged 83 .
References
External links
Sports-Reference Biography
1880 births
1971 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
Sportspeople from Lancashire
The 1977–78 Norwegian 1 . Divisjon season was the 39th season of ice hockey in Norway . Ten teams participated in the league , and Manglerud Star won the championship .
First round
Second round
Final round
Relegation round
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1977 in Norwegian sport
1978 in Norwegian sport
Gautier Paulin ( born 26 March 1990 ) is a French former professional motocross racer . They competed in the Motocross World Championships from 2008 until 2020 . Paulin was a member of the French team that won five consecutive Motocross des Nations events between 2014 and 2018 .
Biography
Born in Draguignan , France , Paulin began racing BMX bikes at the age of 6 and , won a BMX world championship at the age of 10 . They won the 2007 European motocross championship in the EMX2 class . They then competed in the MX2 class of the Motocross World Championship with their best result being a third-place finish in the 2009 MX2 championship while riding for the Kawasaki Bud Racing PSM Racing team . Paulin was then contracted to ride in the premier MXGP class for the Honda factory racing team . They finished the 2015 FIM Motocross World Championship as runner-up to Romain Febvre . They raced for Rockstar Energy Husqvarna Factory Racing in the 2017 and 2018 season . On 25 September 2018 Yamaha Motor Europe announced that Paulin is signed to the Wilvo Yamaha Official MXGP Team to race in the 2019 season .
When representing France at The Motocross Des Nations , Paulin is pretty close to perfect . Gautier Paulin is the only French motocross racer to earn Gold Medals in the past 5 straight Motocross Des Nations Championships . Gautier Paulin was crowned Motocross Des Nations Team World Champion in 2014 , 2015 , 2016 , 2017 and 2018 .
References
External links
Gautier Paulin Home page
Gautier Paulin Team Honda profile
Living people
1990 births
Sportspeople from Var ( department )
French motocross riders
BMX riders
The 2020 United States presidential election in Florida was held on Tuesday , November 3 , 2020 , as part of the 2020 United States presidential election , in which all 50 states and the District of Columbia participated . Florida voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote , pitting the Republican Party 's nominee , incumbent president Donald Trump , and their running mate , Vice President Mike Pence , against Democratic Party nominee , former vice president Joe Biden , and their running mate , United States senator Kamala Harris , of California . Florida has 29 electoral votes in the Electoral College .
Florida was one of five states in which , as in Washington , D.C. , Trump received a greater percentage of the two-party vote than they did in 2016 .
Miami Beach , Florida , which hosted the 1972 Democratic National Convention , was a finalist to host the 2020 Democratic National Convention . The other finalists were Milwaukee and Houston ; Milwaukee was chosen . Florida was Trump 's state of residency for this election ; New York was their home state in 2016 . Trump was the first nominee of either major party to be a Florida resident . Biden was selected as the Democratic nominee in the 2020 Florida Democratic presidential primary on March 17 , 2020 .
Before the election , aggregate polls had Biden in the lead in Florida by up to almost 3 percentage points . Despite this , Trump won the state by a 3.4-point margin , improving on their margin from 2016 , over Hillary Clinton , by 2.2 points ; it was the largest margin for any presidential election in Florida since 2004 . The main reason was increased support for Trump among Latino voters in the state , particularly in Miami-Dade County , which Biden carried by 7.4 points , significantly less than Clinton 's 29.4-point margin in 2016 and Obama 's 23.7-point margin in 2012 . Trump carried the Cuban vote with 56 % , while Biden carried the Puerto Rican vote with 66 % , and Trump and Biden split the South American vote with 50 % each . Overall , Biden won 54 % of Latinos . In this election , Florida voted 7.8 points right of the nation as a whole , the furthest it has voted from the nation since 1988 , when the state voted 14.6 points right of the national result .
Primary elections
The primary elections were held on March 17 , 2020 .
Republican primary
The Florida secretary of state declared Rocky De La Fuente to be a major candidate and thus worthy of automatic inclusion on the ballot .
Democratic primary
Three Democrats were still in the race by the time Florida held its primaries : Vermont senator Bernie Sanders , former vice president Joe Biden , and representative from Hawaii Tulsi Gabbard .
The first Democratic debate took place in Miami over two nights at the end of June 2019 . It was broadcast on several of the NBC networks .
General election
Final predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
State polls
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Amy Klobuchar
Donald Trump vs. Beto O'Rourke
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Oprah Winfrey
with Donald Trump and generic Democrat
with Donald Trump and generic Opponent
with Mike Pence and Joe Biden
with Mike Pence and Kamala Harris
with Mike Pence and Elizabeth Warren
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Duval ( the largest municipality : Jacksonville )
Pinellas ( the largest municipality : St. Petersburg )
Seminole ( the largest municipality : Sanford )
By congressional district
Trump won 15 of 27 congressional districts .
Analysis
This election was the first time since 1992 , and only the second time since 1960 , that Florida went to the losing candidate in a presidential election . It was also the first time since 1960 that both Ohio and Florida have voted for the losing candidate in a presidential election , the first time since 1992 that Florida voted Republican while neighboring Georgia voted Democratic , and the first time since 1992 that Florida voted more Republican than North Carolina . Trump also became the first Republican candidate to win Florida with a majority of the state 's popular vote since George W. Bush did so in 2004 .
Despite their loss statewide , Biden became the first Democrat to win Duval County—consolidated with Jacksonville—since Southerner Jimmy Carter in 1976 , and the first Democrat to win Seminole County since Harry Truman in 1948 . Biden also flipped Pinellas County back to the Democratic Party . Biden became the first Democrat to win the presidency without carrying St. Lucie County since Bill Clinton in 1992 , the first Democrat to win the presidency without carrying Jefferson County since Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 , and the first Democrat to win the presidency without carrying Monroe County since Grover Cleveland in 1884 .
Also , this is the first time since 1888 that Florida increased its margin to an incumbent that lost re-election nationally . Florida is one of three states that voted twice for both Barack Obama and Trump , the other two being Ohio and Iowa .
Ex-felons
United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit , located in Atlanta , ruled that ex-felons could not vote in Florida unless they pay fines and fees . Florida voters approved amendment 4 in November 2018 , which restored voting for felons upon completion of all terms of sentence including parole or probation , except for those who committed murders or were involved in sex crimes . The Republican-controlled legislature then passed a law which required ex-felons to settle their financial obligation in courts . United States District Court in Tallahassee ruled against it in May , but the circuit court overturned it in September , which was speculated to have created further problems for ex-felons when they voted in November . Civil rights organizations including American Civil Liberties Union opposed the decision by the court .
Miami-Dade County
In Miami-Dade County , the majority of Trump support came from the west and the majority of Biden support came from the east . People of Mexican , Haitian , and African descent tended to vote for Biden , while people of Cuban , Chilean and Colombian descent did so for Trump , as well as the critical Venezuelan vote swinging Republican . Trump won approximately two thirds of the vote in Hialeah , whereas it was nearly evenly split four years prior . Sabrina Rodriguez of Politico wrote `` a vote for Trump has become about more than just him , or even the Republican Party . It 's about patriotism . '' Due to the heavy presence of the Cuban-American community , Hialeah traditionally , as of 2020 , leaned towards Republican politics . Trump 's coattails played a role in the election of Miami Republicans Carlos A. Giménez and Maria Elvira Salazar to the House of Representatives .
Residents of Cuban descent often had an antagonism against leftist movements due to associations with Fidel Castro . Trump sought to attract these voters by implementing anti-Cuba policies .
Additionally Trump made efforts to target other Hispanic demographics .
See also
United States presidential elections in Florida
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
. ( Describes bellwether Pinellas County , Florida )
Videos
External links
Florida Elections Commission government website
( State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters )
Florida
2020
Presidential
The Association of Women Heads of Households ( AFCF , ) is a non-governmental women 's rights organisation based in Mauritania .
History
On 17 April 1999 , Mauritanian women 's rights activist Aminetou Mint El-Moctar founded The Association of Women Heads of Households , in order to campaign and raise awareness about the human rights restrictions that women from Mauritania may face . From its outset , the AFCF has been designed to reflect the diversity of Mauritania , including Arab , Berber , Haratin , Pulaar , Soninke and Wolof women .
The AFCF has been at the forefront of a number of campaigns in Mauritania to improve the conditions of women in the country . In 2011 , the organisation was working with the government to bring a stop to the exportation of child brides to the Arabian peninsula . The organisation has also campaigned widely against the practice of force-feeding young women before marriage , a traditional practice created in order to reflect the wealth of the husband , but one that in fact restricts both the health of women and their engagement in local communities . In 2016 , the AFCF proposed new legislation to the Mauritanian government to defend women rights , in particular to introduce harsher sentences for rape . The proposal was rejected by the Mauritanian government as it did not comply with Sharia law . They have campaigned against sexual violence against women , in urban and also in rural contexts and from 2012 encouraged all police stations to have social workers on site to support survivors of sexual violence and to encourage the women to prosecute . They campaign to bring an end to female genital mutilation . Mauritania only prohibited in slavery in 1981 and it is still practised throughout the country . The AFCF campaigns against modern slavery . For their role in the anti-slavery programme , El-Moctar was nominated for the 2015 Nobel Peace Prize . They work to end the abuse of domestic workers , as well as encouraging women to take part in political life , locally and nationally . In 2017 , the AFCF encouraged the government to adopt a new law promoting sexual health .
As of 2019 the AFCF has 12,000 members , six rescue centres for victims , 168 social workers , four lawyers and a contact person in every city in Mauritania . A literacy campaign funded by the AFCF has reached over 20,000 girls in rural areas of Nouakchott alone and has helped over 73,000 people gain civil status and therefore access to rights and protection .
External links
http : //afcf-rim.com/fr/
References
Women 's organisations based in Mauritania
Mauritanian women 's rights activists
I Used to Be Darker is a 2013 independent drama film set and shot in Maryland , the third feature film directed by Matthew Porterfield .
Plot
Fleeing Northern Ireland after realizing they were pregnant , 19-year-old Taryn finds refuge with their aunt Kim in Baltimore . They are parting ways with their partner , Bill , under the reproachful gaze of their daughter Abby .
Cast
Deragh Campbell as Taryn
Hannah Gross as Abby
Ned Oldham as Bill
Kim Taylor as Kim
Nicholas Petr as Nick
Geoff Grace as Geoff
John Belanger as Ben
Jack Carneal as Jack
Juan Eloy Carrera as Arcade Player
Adèle Exarchopoulos as Camille
Blake Pruitt as High Schooler
Declan Sammon as Sam
Ellis Woodward as Tom
Jimi Zhivago as Jimi
Development
Production
In July 2011 , Matthew Porterfield started raising money to fund the production of I Used to Be Darker via Kickstarter . The project achieved its goal of $ 40,000 on August 13 , 2011 .
Cast
Porterfield had already known Ned Oldham for several years before casting them as Bill , and Amy Belk went to college with Kim Taylor in the 1990s . After meeting Taylor and seeing them perform , Porterfield `` knew almost immediately they had what [ he ] was looking for '' . Porterfield first met Hannah Gross and Deragh Campbell when they attended the premiere of their previous film , Putty Hill ( 2010 ) , but did n't keep in touch with them . They later auditioned Gross , following advice from a friend who is a professor at New York University , where Gross studies in the Experimental Theater Wing . Through Gross , Porterfield later met Campbell and cast them both in the film .
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 81 % based on 21 reviews , with an average rating of 7.34 out of 10 . On Metacritic , the film received a weighted average score of 69 out of 100 , based on 10 reviews , which indicates `` generally favorable reviews '' .
A.A. Dowd of The A.V . Club gave the film a grade A− , and wrote : `` Drenched in the evening glow of its urban and suburban backdrops , Darker comes alive in the dark , when its characters are drowning their sorrows in song , the sauce , or conversation . ''
Sheri Linden of the Los Angeles Times wrote : `` It 's a story of contained chaos , quietly observed — one that catches fire more in retrospect than in the viewing . ''
Accolades
I Used to Be Darker won the award for Best Narrative Feature at the Berlin International Film Festival in 2013 and Matthew Porterfield won the award for Best Director at the Buenos Aires International Festival of Independent Cinema .
References
External links
2013 films
2013 drama films
American independent films
Films set in Baltimore
Films shot in Baltimore
Kickstarter-funded films
American drama films
Crowdfunded films
2010s English-language films
2013 independent films
2010s American films
Dry as a Bone/Rehab Doll is a compilation album by the American rock band Green River . It was released on September 13 , 1990 through Sub Pop Records .
Overview
Released in 1990 by Sub Pop Records , the album combines Green River 's two releases for the label : Dry as a Bone ( 1987 ) and Rehab Doll ( 1988 ) . It also includes the bonus tracks `` Ai n't Nothing to Do '' ( recorded in 1985 ) , `` Searchin ' '' ( recorded in 1986 ) , and `` Queen Bitch '' ( recorded in 1987 ) . Steve Huey of AllMusic said , `` Since Dry as a Bone/Rehab Doll is more energetic and less murky than many proto-grunge artifacts , it 's arguably the most effective and enduring building block in the music 's early evolution . ''
Track listing
All songs written by Jeff Ament , Mark Arm , Bruce Fairweather , Stone Gossard , and Alex Vincent , except where noted :
Recorded for Dry as a Bone :
`` This Town '' – 3:23
`` P.C.C . '' – 3:44
`` Ozzie '' ( Tales of Terror ) – 3:11
`` Unwind '' – 4:42
`` Baby Takes '' – 4:24
`` Searchin ' '' – 3:48
Recorded in March 1985 :
`` Ai n't Nothing to Do '' ( Stiv Bators , Cheetah Chrome ) – 2:38
Recorded for Rehab Doll :
`` Queen Bitch '' ( David Bowie ) – 2:58
`` Forever Means '' – 4:20
`` Rehab Doll '' ( Arm , Paul Solger ) – 3:23
`` Swallow My Pride '' ( Arm , Steve Turner ) – 2:59
`` Together We 'll Never '' – 4:01
`` Smilin ' and Dyin ' '' – 3:23
`` Porkfist '' – 3:13
`` Take a Dive '' – 3:28
`` One More Stitch '' – 3:53
Personnel
Green River
Jeff Ament – bass guitar , vocals
Mark Arm – vocals
Bruce Fairweather – guitars
Stone Gossard – guitars , vocals
Alex Vincent – drums , percussion
Production
Bruce Calder , Jack Endino – production
Jane Higgins – layout
Linda Owens – original album cover layout
Charles Peterson – photos , layout
References
1990 compilation albums
Green River ( band ) albums
Grunge compilation albums
Sub Pop compilation albums
Juan Padilla may refer to :
Juan Padilla ( pitcher ) , Puerto Rican baseball pitcher
Juan Padilla ( second baseman ) , Cuban baseball second baseman
John Cotton ( 2 March 1930 – 1 October 2015 ) is an English footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City and Crewe Alexandra .
Career
Cotton came through the youth ranks at their local club Stoke City and made two Second Division appearances for the `` Potters '' during the 1953–54 season . They never established themselves in the first team at the Victoria Ground however , and left for Crewe Alexandra . They played 14 Third Division North and two FA Cup games for the `` Railwaymen '' during the 1954–55 campaign . They left Gresty Road for Port Vale , but never made a first team appearance for the `` Valiants '' .
Career statistics
Source :
References
1930 births
2015 deaths
Footballers from Stoke-on-Trent
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Stoke City F.C . players
Crewe Alexandra F.C . players
Port Vale F.C . players
English Football League players
Music from the Warner Bros. Picture `` Sparkle '' is a soundtrack album and twenty-fourth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin , written and produced by Curtis Mayfield . Released on May 27 , 1976 , the disc is the soundtrack album for the 1976 Warner Bros. motion picture Sparkle , starring Irene Cara . The songs on the soundtrack feature the instrumental tracks and backing vocals from the film versions , with Franklin 's voice taking the place of the original lead vocalists .
This album returned Aretha to Gold status after two low-selling albums . The first single release , `` Something They Can Feel '' , was a 1 R & B hit for them and reached 28 on the Billboard Hot 100 . However , it was Aretha 's only Pop Top 40 hit during the second half of the 1970s . The album itself reached the Top 20 of Billboards main album chart and was certified Gold for US sales of over 500,000 copies . In 2009 , it was reissued on Rhino Records ' budget Flashback Records label . The songs `` Something They Can Feel '' and `` Hooked on Your Love '' were covered by En Vogue on their 1992 multi-platinum hit album Funky Divas .
Track listing
All songs written by Curtis Mayfield .
`` Sparkle '' ( 4:13 )
`` Something They Can Feel '' ( 6:21 )
`` Hooked on Your Love '' ( 5:00 )
`` Look into Your Heart '' ( 4:04 )
`` I Get High '' ( 4:11 )
`` Jump '' ( 2:19 )
`` Loving You Baby '' ( 3:48 )
`` Rock with Me '' ( 3:11 )
Charts
Singles
Curtis Mayfield , Phil Upchurch , Gary Thompson - guitars
Rich Tufo , Floyd Morris - keyboards
Quinton Joseph - drums
Henry Gibson - congas , cowbell
Lucky Scott - bass
See also
List of number-one R & B albums of 1976 ( U.S . )
References
Aretha Franklin albums
Curtis Mayfield soundtracks
1976 soundtrack albums
Albums produced by Curtis Mayfield
Curtom Records albums
Atlantic Records soundtracks
Rhino Records soundtracks
Musical film soundtracks
Drama film soundtracks
Arasu may refer to :
Arasu ( 2003 film ) , a Tamil film
Arasu ( 2007 film ) , a Kannada film
Dejan Joveljić born 7 August 1999 is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Major League Soccer club LA Galaxy and the Serbia national team .
Club career
Red Star Belgrade
2016–17 season
Born in Bijeljina , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Joveljić played with the local club Sloga Junajted , before they joined Serbian top tier club Red Star Belgrade in their early years . After almost 7 years with the club , passing the whole youth categories , Joveljić signed their first professional contract on 16 March 2016 , along with several teammates . Joveljić has joined the first team under coach Miodrag Božović in 2016 , but failed to play official matches during the 2016–17 Serbian SuperLiga campaign due to mononucleosis they were diagnosed with in August 2016 . In the meantime , they were listed in top 60 youth footballers by The Guardian . After they missed the rest of 2016 without training , Joveljić returned to the field in early 2017 , playing with youth team until the end of a season . They were also nominated as one of the competitors for the Golden Boy award in 2017 .
2017–18 season
In summer 2017 , Joveljić presented as one of the club 's top 10 youth prospects and passed the whole pre-season training with the first squad . They became a regular member of the first team since the beginning of September 2017 , after a furious period in the Serbian youth league . They have been named as the third choice striker behind Richmond Boakye and Aleksandar Pešić . Later , on 19 September same year , Joveljić extended their contract with the club until 2021 . They spent their first time in protocol for a senior game sitting on the bench as an unused substitution for a match against Mladost Lučani on 22 October 2017 . They made their official debut for Red Star Belgrade on 10 December 2017 , replacing Aleksandar Pešić in 70 minute of the Serbian SuperLiga match against Borac Čačak . On 5 May 2018 , Joveljić got their first time in starting lineup for a senior game , scoring a twice in 5–0 home victory over Spartak Subotica . Finally , Joveljić scored in the last match of the season against Voždovac on 19 May 2018 , for the first trophy in their professional career .
2018–19 season
In summer 2018 , after overgrown youth selection , which previously qualified to the 2018–19 UEFA Youth League , Joveljić started new season as a fully senior . Following the complete pre-season period they passed with the first team , Joveljić has been licensed for the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League qualifications . Following both of matches against Spartaks Jūrmala in the first round they missed , Joveljić started an opening match of the 2018–19 Serbian SuperLiga , scoring in 3–0 victory over Dinamo Vranje on 20 July 2018 .
Eintracht Frankfurt
On 14 June 2019 , Joveljić signed a deal with German side Eintracht Frankfurt for a fee of €4 million .
Loan to Anderlecht
Joveljić joined Belgian club Anderlecht on loan until the end of the season on 31 January 2020 .
Loan to Wolfsberger
Joveljić spent the 2020-2021 season on loan at Austrian Bundesliga side Wolfsberger AC . They finished the season as the club 's top scorer .
LA Galaxy
On 5 August 2021 , Joveljić signed a four-and-a-half year deal with MLS side LA Galaxy .
They signed as a U22 Initiative player .
International career
After games with Serbian under-16 & under-17 national teams , Joveljić made their debut for under-18 level on 15 December 2015 in a match against Ukraine . Later they missed the whole 2016 due to injury and returned to the team scoring a goal in a match against Uzbekistan on 20 April 2017 . Playing for the team , Joveljić noted 6 goals on 6 matches , including games against the Czech Republic and France when they scored a twice at each . In August 2017 , Joveljić was called into the Serbia U19 squad , when they made a debut at the memorial tournament `` Stevan Vilotić – Ćele '' . Scoring a twice in 3–1 victory over Israel , Joveljić contributed to winning a trophy , after which they were elected for the most prospective player on the tournament . Joveljić got their first call in Serbian under-21 team by coach Goran Đorović in December 2017 . They made their debut for the team in away friendly against Qatar on 17 December 2017 . While with under-19 level , Joveljić also scored against Bulgaria and Sweden in March 2018 , missing qualifying for the 2018 UEFA European Under-19 Championship with Serbia .
They made their debut for Serbia national football team on 7 June 2021 in a friendly against Jamaica .
Style of play
Joveljić is a 1.80 m tall striker , who usually operates as a centre forward , being capable of playing as a winger . They have been started tracked during youth career and named as one of the most prospective players in academy , after which they joined the first team . Later they missed a period due to injury and a lack of weight , so they stayed out of the senior football since the 2016–17 campaign . In their final season with youth team , Joveljić affirmed as a poacher and top goalscorer with several hat-tricks . They were also compared with Argentine footballer Mauro Icardi and a compatriot Luka Jović . Joveljić uses both legs and they are also a good header and penalty taker . Joveljić was named as a man of the match scoring three goals as a captain of the U19 squad in the youth Eternal Derby on 16 November 2017 . They collected 33 goals in 14 appearances at total , during the first half-season in Serbian youth league .
Personal life
Turning professionally and due to accumulated liabilities , Joveljić decided to pass private school in Novi Sad . Although they have lived alone in Belgrade , Joveljić accentuated their family as the best support in their life and career . Besides football , Joveljić likes to play billiard and chess , and they are also a Rubik 's Cube enthusiast . 39 seconds is their personal record .
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Red Star Belgrade
Serbian SuperLiga : 2017–18 , 2018–19
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Bijeljina
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbian footballers
Serbia international footballers
Serbia youth international footballers
Serbia under-21 international footballers
Association football forwards
Red Star Belgrade footballers
Eintracht Frankfurt players
R.S.C . Anderlecht players
Wolfsberger AC players
LA Galaxy players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Bundesliga players
Belgian First Division A players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Major League Soccer players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Looney Tunes Super Stars ' Bugs Bunny : Wascally Wabbit is a DVD of 15 Bugs Bunny cartoons that was released on May 4 , 2011 ( in Region 2 and 4 ) . Like the Sylvester & Tweety : Feline Fwenzy disc , this disc features 15 cartoons that were previously on the Golden Collection sets as the new plan for the Super Stars volumes is one with new-to-DVD cartoons and one with previously-on-DVD cartoons . The reason for the double-dip release in each wave is so the Warner Home Video department can pay back for the remastering of other restorations . Also , unlike the previous Super Stars discs , the cartoons are presented in original fullscreen .
Contents
All cartoons on this disc star Bugs Bunny .
Notes
In the Region 2 release , `` Rabbit Fire '' , `` Baton Bunny '' , `` Rabbit of Seville '' and `` Big Top Bunny '' are replaced respectively by `` Buckaroo Bugs '' , `` Hurdy-Gurdy Hare '' , `` Hare Tonic '' and `` Acrobatty Bunny '' . These shorts too were already released in the Golden Collection series .
This is the only Looney Tunes Super Stars DVD set that is unavailable in Region 1 , instead it is only available in Regions 2 and 4 .
References
Looney Tunes home video releases
Charles McCullough , sometimes known as Charlie McCullough , ( 18 December 1923 – 4 October 2014 ) was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland . They were born in Belfast .
McCullough was based on the Shankill Road . They were a member of the founding executive of Ulster Protestant Action , in 1956 . They were elected to Belfast City Council for the group in 1958 , topping the poll . They left the group before the next elections , in 1961 , joining the Ulster Unionist Party ( UUP ) .
Cullough secured re-election under their new party colours and , by 1965 , they were the chair of its Improvement Committee . They resigned from this following a dispute over the naming of the Queen Elizabeth Bridge ; they had instead hoped it would be named for Edward Carson , and believed that this name had been rejected due to party indiscipline .
In 1968 , McCullough was elected to the Senate of Northern Ireland . They resigned from the UUP in September 1970 , and became a founder member of the Democratic Unionist Party ( DUP ) the following year . The Senate ceased to meet in 1972 , and , although McCullough remained a supporter of the DUP , they did not stand in any further elections . On 4 October 2014 , they died at the age of 90 .
References
1923 births
2014 deaths
Democratic Unionist Party members of the Senate of Northern Ireland
Members of Belfast City Council
Members of the Senate of Northern Ireland 1965–1969
Members of the Senate of Northern Ireland 1969–1973
Ulster Protestant Action members
Ulster Unionist Party members of the Senate of Northern Ireland
During the 2007–08 season Peterborough United finished as runners-up in Football League Two .
Sponsors
Squad
Goalkeepers
Defenders
Midfielders
Forwards
Transfers
A transfer between 1 June 2007 & 31 May 2008
In
Out
Fixtures and results
Friendlies
Football League Two
FA Cup
League Cup
Football League Trophy
Statistics
Goal scorers
Cards
See also
2007–08 Football League
References
Peterborough United F.C . seasons
Peterborough United
Buena Vista is a former settlement in Nevada County , California , north of Chicago Park . Its elevation is above sea level .
History
It was situated along the Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad and had a station .
Buena Vista Station served for some time as the crossroad for the Bet & Red Dog mines . Removed in 1943 as part of the reclamation and salvage operations of the former NCNGRR , the station 's precise location has been found to lie in the southwest corner of what , today , is the private property of King of Games Farm . The farm 's proprietor personally preserves the site .
References
Former settlements in Nevada County , California
Former populated places in California
Under the Whyte notation for the classification of steam locomotives , a locomotive has two leading wheels on one axle , usually in a Bissel truck , ten coupled driving wheels on five axles , and four trailing wheels on two axles , usually in a bogie . These were referred to as the Texas type in most of the United States , the Colorado type on the Burlington Route and the Selkirk type in Canada .
Overview
The Texas wheel arrangement originated and was principally used in the United States . The evolution of this locomotive type began as a Santa Fe type with a larger four-wheeled trailing truck that would allow an enlarged firebox . A subsequent development was as an elongated Berkshire type that required extra driving wheels to remain within axle load limits . Examples of both of these evolutionary progressions can be found .
Some tank locomotives also existed in eastern Europe . One extraordinary experimental tender locomotive , built in the Soviet Union , had an opposed piston drive system .
Usage
Belgian Congo
The Texas type was rare in Africa . One locomotive , numbered 801 , was built for the CF du Bas-Congo au Katanga by Société Anonyme John Cockerill in 1939 . It had cylinders and diameter driving wheels , with a working order mass of , a grate area of and a tractive effort at 65 % boiler pressure of . The locomotive is believed to have been built for the line between Bukama and Kamina and accumulated during its service lifetime . Even with its large size , it was hand-fired and had two firebox doors , with two firefighters being carried .
Brazil
Outside North America , the was rare . In South America , the Central Railway of Brazil ordered seventeen locomotives , ten from Baldwin which were delivered in 1940 , and another seven from the American Locomotive Company which were delivered in 1947 .
Canada
The Canadian Pacific ( CP ) Selkirk locomotives were all built by Montreal Locomotive Works ( MLW ) . The first twenty of these large engines were built in 1929 , designated T1a class and allocated numbers 5900 to 5919 . Their Canadian type name was after the Selkirk Mountains across which they were placed in service , the railway summit of which was located just inside the western portal of the Connaught Tunnel beneath Rogers Pass .
MLW built another ten of these successful locomotives for CP during November and December 1938 , designated T1b class and numbered from 5920 to 5929 . Modifications to the original design led to the T1b being ten tonnes lighter while its operating steam pressure was increased from .
A further six Selkirks , classed T1c and numbered from 5930 to 5935 , were delivered by MLW in 1949 . They were the last standard gauge steam locomotives to be built in Canada for a Canadian railway . These were very similar to the T1b class , apart from a few refinements which included two cross-compound air compressors to speed up recharging of the air brake system , while some small streamlining touches were not retained , such as the streamlined casing around the smokebox stack as well as the teardrop shape of the classification lights . In addition , the inside of the cabs were no longer insulated in the same manner as the previous versions , which had provided better cold-weather cab insulation and were better-liked by crews . The last Selkirks were taken out of service in 1959 . These were the most powerful steam locomotives in the British Empire .
Japan
In 1948 JGR built 5 Class E10 tank steam locomotives for the purpose of supplementing the aging Class 4110 ( 0-10-0 ) in Itaya Pass on the Ou Main Line for a short time until electrification . E10 2 is statically stored .
South Africa
In 1937 , the South African Railways ( SAR ) placed one Class 21 steam locomotive with a Texas wheel arrangement in service , designed as a mixed traffic locomotive suitable for light rail . It was designed by A.G. Watson , Chief Mechanical Engineer of the SAR from 1929 to 1936 , and built by the North British Locomotive Company in Glasgow . Only the one locomotive was built , at the time representing the maximum power obtainable on Cape gauge from a ten-coupled non-articulated locomotive that was limited to a axle load on rail . To enable it to negotiate tight curves , the third and fourth sets of coupled wheels were flangeless .
The locomotive 's Type FT tender was an unusual experimental type using six pairs of wheels in a 2-8-2 wheel arrangement , with the leading and trailing wheels in bissel type pony trucks and the rest of the axles mounted with a rigid wheelbase . A similar Type JV tender had been built in the Salt River shops in Cape Town in 1936 for test purposes and as a prototype to the Type FT . The tender 's wheel arrangement did not prove to be very successful , however , and was not used again .
Soviet Union
There were two Texas-type locomotives built in the USSR . One , the class OR23 , built in 1949 by the locomotive works in Ulan Ude , had cylinders that were placed above the center driving axle . Unlike nearly all steam locomotives , the pistons had rods on both ends which transferred power to the wheels . The idea was to balance the driving forces on the wheels , allowing the counterweights on the wheels to be smaller and reducing hammer blow on the track . Test runs showed , however , that the OR23 design was unsuitable as a practical locomotive . The locomotive was never used for more than testing and was returned to its builder and scrapped .
United States
Atchison , Topeka & Santa Fe
The Atchison , Topeka & Santa Fe Railway ( ATSF ) took delivery of locomotive No . 3829 from the Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1919 . It was used by Santa Fe as an experimental locomotive and was rostered as a member of ATSF 's 3800 class of 2-10-2s that was fitted with a four-wheel trailing truck . Nearly 100 more 3800 class locomotives were delivered after No . 3829 , but all with the 2-10-2 wheel arrangement . Photographs exist that show No . 3829 fitted with at least two different designs of four-wheel trailing truck through the years . No other members of the 3800 class have been documented with four-wheel trailing trucks . No . 3829 was scrapped in 1955 , still equipped with a four-wheel trailing truck .
Santa Fe , who had originated the type , adopted it again in 1930 with No . 5000 , nicknamed Madame Queen . This locomotive was similar to the C & O T-1 , with the same drivers but with boiler pressure and 60 % limited cutoff . It proved the viability of the type on the Santa Fe railway , but the Great Depression shelved plans to acquire more .
In 1938 , with the railroad 's fortunes improving , Santa Fe acquired ten more locomotives . These came with diameter drivers and boiler pressure , making these ATSF s the fastest and most modern of all .
Of the original order of ten , five were oil-burning and five coal-burning , but when Santa Fe ordered twenty-five more for delivery in 1944 , all were delivered equipped to burn oil . The first of the 1944 batch produced on road test , the highest figure known for a two-cylinder steam locomotive .
Texas and Pacific
The type was revived in 1925 by the Lima Locomotive Works . This time it was an expansion of the Berkshire type that Lima had pioneered . A version of the Berkshire with ten driving wheels instead of eight was an obvious development and the first to be delivered were to the Texas and Pacific Railway , after which the type was subsequently named . The four-wheel trailing truck allowed a much larger firebox and thus a greater ability to generate heat , and thus steam . The Superpower design , as Lima 's marketing department called it , resulted in a locomotive that could develop great power at speed while not running out of steam-generating ability .
Bessemer and Lake Erie
Baldwin built a fleet of forty-seven H-1 class 2-10-4s for the Bessemer and Lake Erie railroad , an iron ore–hauling railroad , between 1929 and 1944 , divided into eight sub-classes , and they were numbered 601–647 . These proved to have the most tractive effort of any non-articulated steam locomotives ever built , with a tractive force of , an average weight of over , and a boiler pressure of . Eighteen of these locomotives were sold off in 1951 to the Duluth Missabe and Iron Range Railway , another iron ore hauling railroad , who renumbered them 700–717 . By the beginning of the 1960s , all but one of these locomotives were sold for scrap . The exception was No . 643 , which almost operated in excursion service in the late 1990s , but for its large size . It is now owned by the Age of Steam Roundhouse .
Chesapeake and Ohio
The early Lima-built Texas types were low-drivered , in diameter , which did not leave enough space to fully counterweight the extremely heavy and sturdy side rods and main rods required for such a powerful locomotive 's piston thrusts . That changed in 1930 on the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway ( C & O ) , who stretched the design of an Erie Railroad high-drivered Berkshire type locomotive to produce forty of the , a Texas type with diameter drivers that was both powerful and fast enough for the new higher-speed freight services that the railroads were introducing . All subsequent Texas types were of this higher-drivered sort .
Pennsylvania Railroad
The Pennsylvania Railroad ( PRR ) ordered few new locomotives after 1930 , since electrification both consumed the railroad 's resources and resulted in a supply of excess steam locomotives that eliminated any requirement for new power . It was not until the Second World War had begun , that the PRR 's locomotive fleet began to appear inadequate . Although the PRR urgently needed new and modern freight power , the War Production Board prohibited working on a new design and , since there was not enough time to trial a prototype in any event , the PRR cast around for other railroads ' designs that it might modify for PRR use .
It settled on the . Some modifications were made to the design for these PRR War Babies . These included PRR drop-couplers , sheet steel pilots , PRR-style cabs , large PRR tenders , Keystone number plates up front and other modifications . It still betrayed its foreign heritage by lacking the PRR trademark Belpaire firebox and by having a booster engine on the trailing truck . Altogether 125 locomotives were built between 1942 and 1944 and became the largest fleet of Texas type locomotives in existence . All were eventually sold as scrap when the Pennsylvania Railroad dieselized .
North American owners of Texas types
Preserved Texas types in North America
References
Halcrow Group Limited was a multinational engineering consultancy company , based in the United Kingdom
Halcrow was one of the UK 's largest consultancies , with origins stretching back to 1868 . The UK-based consultancy specialised in the provision of planning , design and management services for infrastructure development worldwide . With interests in transportation , water , maritime and property , the company undertook commissions in over 70 countries from a network of more than 90 offices .
In 2011 , the company was acquired by US firm CH2M Hill , and in 2013 it was announced that the Halcrow brand would eventually be discontinued . The parent subsequently ( 2015 ) rebranded the whole group to CH2M . Two years later , in December 2017 , CH2M was acquired by Jacobs Engineering Group .
History
The company was founded in 1868 by civil engineer Thomas Meik , and originally bore their name , and later those of their sons , Patrick and Charles . It worked extensively on port , maritime and railway projects in the North of England , in Wales and in Scotland , before undertaking its first commissions outside the UK in the 1890s .
20th century
During the first half of the 20th century , William Halcrow ( later Sir William ) established the firm in other areas , notably tunnelling and hydroelectric schemes . Their war time work included the design and supervision of the construction of tunnels under London and the Mulberry Harbours used in the D-Day landings .
After the war , Halcrow 's attention once again turned to Scotland . For the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board , a new generation of hydroelectric schemes to generate power for public consumption was developed . The Glen Affric scheme , started in 1947 , was the biggest , but there were similar projects in neighbouring catchments such as Glen Garry and Glen Moriston – the latter including one of the first underground power stations in the UK – and Strathfarrar and Kilmorack .
In Wales , Halcrow 's attention turned to water supply projects . The Claerwen dam opened in 1952 and , later , the Clywedog dam , helped create reservoirs to supply the towns and cities of the English West Midlands . Halcrow also designed railway tunnels at Potters Bar ( 1955 ) and the earlier Woodhead Tunnel ( 1954 ) and starting work on the new Victoria line underground line beneath central London . Overseas work ranged from roads , bridges and harbours in Ghana , Libya and Mozambique to dams in Venezuela .
The firm had several names during the 20th century , including CS Meik and Buchanan ( 1920 ) , CS Meik and Halcrow ( 1923 ) , WT Halcrow and Partners ( 1941 ) , Sir William Halcrow and Partners ( 1944 ) , and , finally , Halcrow Group ( 1998 ) .
21st century
Halcrow 's consultancy work included water , transportation , maritime , environment , power and property projects . Its customers included government departments , public sector authorities and utilities , industrial and commercial companies , international funding agencies and financial institutions .
In 2008 , the company reported a turnover of £468 million . Projects undertaken outside the UK accounted for 48 % of turnover . Owned and managed by its employees and staff shareholders , Halcrow remained an independent firm until late 2011 .
CH2M
In September CH2M Hill announced it was set to acquire the company , and on 10 November 2011 CH2M Hill announced that it had completed the acquisition of Halcrow for £124m .
It was subsequently reported that Halcrow was effectively rescued by CH2M Hill , having incurred a pre-tax loss of £71m in its last year of independent trading ( to 31 December 2011 ) , on a turnover of £238m , down from £331m in 2010 . Accounts lodged with Companies House showed that CH2M Hill 's financial backing was crucial to Halcrow 's survival ; the US firm agreed a secured loan to the company in December 2012 without which there would have been doubt regarding the firm 's ability to continue as a going concern .
Jacobs Engineering Group
On 2 August 2017 CH2M agreed to be purchased by Jacobs Engineering Group in a US $ 2.85 billion cash and stock deals . Shareholders approved the deal in December 2017 , and the completion of the acquisition was announced on 18 December .
Notable modern projects
Second Severn Crossing ( UK ; completed 1996 ) - Halcrow , in partnership with French consultant SEEE , designed the crossing on behalf of the Laing-GTM joint venture that won a £330 million contract to design and build the bridge .
Toronto Pearson International Airport ( Toronto , Ontario , Canada ; completion c. 2006 ) - Halcrow Yolles was the structural engineer of record for the passenger terminal facility . It was involved in the early concept design of the Central Processor roof structure in collaboration with Ove Arup and Partners ; all remaining concept design , and all final administration services were provided by Halcrow Yolles .
Clyde Arc Bridge ( Glasgow , UK ; completed 2006 ) - Halcrow designed this landmark bridge structure across the River Clyde in central Glasgow . The bridge provides access to the Pacific Quay development .
One King Street West ( Toronto , Ontario , Canada ; completed 2007 ) - Halcrow provided full structural engineering services to this slender 51-storey condominium-hotel linked to the existing 14-storey Toronto Dominion Bank building ( c. 1915 ) .
Sheikh Zayed Mosque ( completed 2007 ) - Halcrow were commissioned in 2001 to fulfil the role of construction supervisor working closely with the contractor , Impregilo of Italy , for the first phase of the project : the structural shell of the building . Following completion of the concrete structure Halcrow acted as the project consultant for the second phase up to completion of the project late in 2007 when the mosque was first opened to worshippers .
Channel Tunnel Rail Link ( High Speed 1 ) ( UK ; completed 2007 ) - Halcrow , as part of the Rail Link Engineering consortium , was responsible for all design and project management services on this project , delivering the £5.8 billion system on time and within budget .
Abu Dhabi International Airport ( Abu Dhabi ; completed 2008 ) - Halcrow was commissioned to carry out planning , design and site supervision for a second runway at Abu Dhabi International Airport .
Al Garhoud Bridge ( Dubai ; completed 2008 )
Yas Island Development ( Abu Dhabi ; completed 2009 ) - Halcrow acted as the client 's appointed lead consultant responsible for the design and construction supervision of the primary infrastructure for this mixed-use 2500ha island development .
Busan-Geoje Fixed Link ( South Korea ; completed 2010 ) - Halcrow TEC JV was appointed Technical Advisers to Daewoo Engineering & Construction Co. , Ltd , who were leading the consortium which had been awarded the concession to design , construct and operate this US $ 1100m transport link .
Bond Street Station Upgrade ( UK ; detailed design 2010-12 ) - Halcrow was part of the design team , along with consultants Atkins appointed by Costain Laing O'Rourke Joint Venture for the upgrading of the existing Bond Street Station in Central London
Thames Hub ( UK ; concept 2011 ) - Halcrow provided technical advice to architects Foster + Partners for its Thames Hub proposal for integrated infrastructure development in the Thames Estuary in the UK .
Tottenham Court Road tube station Upgrade ( UK ; completed 2017 ) - multi-disciplinary lead designer for London Underground with architects Acanthus and Hawkins Brown .
See also
Hafren Power
References
External links
Halcrow Group Limited
Engineering companies of the United Kingdom
Landak Regency is a regency of West Kalimantan province , Indonesia . It was created in 1999 from the northeastern part of Pontianak Regency . It covers 9,909.10 km2 and had a population of 329,649 at the 2010 Census and 397,610 at the 2020 Census . The principal town lies at Ngabang . Landak is also one of the four regencies in West Kalimantan whose population is predominantly Catholic , the others being Sanggau , Sekadau , and Sintang .
Administrative Districts
Landak Regency consists of thirteen districts ( kecamatan ) , tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census . The table also includes the number of administrative villages ( rural desa and urban kelurahan ) in each district and its post code .
Climate
Ngabang , the seat of the regency has a tropical rainforest climate ( Af ) with heavy rainfall year-round .
References
Regencies of West Kalimantan
Macoma nasuta , commonly known as the bent-nosed clam , is a species of bivalve found along the Pacific Ocean coast of North America . It is about long . It is often found buried in sands of in depth . This rounded clam has no radial ribs . Archaeological data supports the use of this species by Native Americans such as the Chumash peoples of central California .
Names
Macoma nasuta is commonly known as the bent-nosed clam or bent-nose Macoma . It is commonly misidentified as either Macoma tersa or Macoma kelseyi .
Description
The hinge plate is without lateral teeth and the length of shell much less than twice the height . Posterior portions of both valves distinctly bent to the right with the siphons distinctly separated ( as they are in all Macoma ) and have a distinct orange pigmentation . The periostracum is usually very prominent and the shell has a dirty brown wrinkled look to it , especially near the margin .
Distinguishing characteristics
Valves bent rather sharply to the right at the posterior end , orange coloration of its siphons and periostracum is usually very prominent .
Habitat
Common in intertidal and subtidal ( 50 m ) zones ; Prefers mud to muddy sand substrates situated in quiet waters and can burrow up to 40 cm beneath the surface sediment . M. nasuta and M. secta are geographically sympatric species and both are the characteristic species of Macoma on the west coast of North America .
Range
Found in the neritic provinces of the eastern Pacific Ocean from Kodiak Island , Alaska , to Cabo San Lucas , Baja California .
Feeding and digestion
Found to feed off the top millimeter of sediment by using a boring motion with the tip of its siphon into the sediment or by using a rotating motion similar to Scrobicularia plana . New sediment is found by moving the siphon into virgin sediment but the clams have also been observed to consume their pseudofeces and feces . It is assumed that the siphon tip is unselective in the particles it intakes .
Non-specific nematodes have been found in the stomach in all stages of digestion from live to empty cuticles . The small ( about 500 μm ) bivalve Transenella tantilla has also been found living in the stomach . The relationship with both nematodes and T. tantilla is uncertain .
The exhalant siphon is kept below the sediment surface ( about 1 cm ) . The gut clearance time for inert particles of M. nasuta ranges from 1 to 9 hours with smaller particles and diatoms believed to remain longer than other particles ingested due to their disproportionably high presence in the stomach during dissections .
Bioaccumulation of toxins
Due to their feeding behavior of deposit feeding , M. nasuta have been found to have high levels of DDT and PCBs .
Reproduction
M. nasuta is a dioecious ( probably gonochoristic ) species that spawns in early summer .
Natural history
There is archaeological data to support the use of this species by Native Americans such as the Chumash peoples of central California .
Predators
Shore birds , Lewis ' Moon Snail : Polinices lewisii , Starfish : Pisaster spp. , Crabs : Cancer productus , Metacarcinus gracilis , Metacarcinus magister .
Known parasites
Graffilla pugetensi : a parasite of the pericardial cavity .
Telolecithus pugetensi : uses M. nasuta as a second intermediate host .
References
Tellinidae
Bivalves described in 1837
Seafood in Native American cuisine
Wesley Moodie and Todd Perry won the title , defeating Novak Djokovic and Radek Štěpánek 6–4 , 3–6 , [ 15–13 ] in the final .
Seeds
Draw
Draw
External links
Draw
Doubles
The Mick is an American television sitcom broadcast on Fox . Created by Dave Chernin and John Chernin , the series stars Kaitlin Olson , who is also an executive producer . The series premiered on January 1 , 2017 , and resumed in its regular Tuesday night slot on January 3 , 2017 . On January 11 , 2017 , Fox picked up the series for a full season of 17 episodes .
On February 21 , 2017 , Fox renewed the series for a 13-episode second season , which premiered on September 26 , 2017 , preceded by reruns of the first season on sister network FXX . On November 7 , 2017 , Fox ordered seven additional episodes , bringing the second season total to 20 . On May 10 , 2018 , Fox cancelled the series after two seasons .
Plot
Mackenzie `` Mickey '' Murphy , a tough , foul-mouthed woman relocates to affluent Greenwich , Conn. , to raise the pampered , and very sheltered children of their wealthy older sister , who has fled the country to avoid a federal indictment .
Cast and characters
Main
Kaitlin Olson as Mackenzie `` Mickey '' Murphy
Sofia Black-D'Elia as Sabrina Pemberton
Thomas Barbusca as Chip Pemberton
Jack Stanton as Ben `` Benito '' Pemberton
Carla Jimenez as Alba Maldonado
Scott MacArthur as James `` Jimmy '' Shepherd
Recurring
Tricia O'Kelley as Pamela `` Poodle '' Pemberton ( née Murphy )
Laird Macintosh as Christopher Pemberton
E. J. Callahan as Colonel Pemberton
Wayne Wilderson as Principal Gibbons
Arnell Powell as Fred the Fed ( season 1 )
Guest
Asif Ali as Security Guard
Dave Annable as Teddy
Bert Belasco as Dante
Paul Ben-Victor as Jerry Berlin
Cayden Boyd as Matty Pruitt
Brianna Brown as Aimee
Christopher Darga as Pit Boss
Julie Ann Emery as Karen
John Ennis as Sully
Jada Facer as Olivia
Andy Favreau as Kai
Kirk Fox as Loan Shark
Mo Gaffney as Principal Rita
Jennie Garth as themselves
Matthew Glave as Howard Buckley
Griffin Gluck as Dylan
Rodney J. Hobbs as Lt. Shields
Jason Kravits as Barry
Izabella Miko as Yulia
Jay Mohr as Bert
Sam Pancake as Oliver Fishburn
Susan Park as Liz
Jeris Poindexter as Elderly Black Man
Judith Roberts as Great-Grandma Rita Pemberton
David Rees Snell as Don
Lester Speight as Dominic
Concetta Tomei as Grandma Tippy Pemberton
Suzanne Whang as Dr. Frenkel
Kevin Will as Omicron
Michaela Watkins as Trish
Rachel York as Dr. Goodby
Sophia Ali as Alexis
Episodes
Production
Development
The pilot was written by Dave Chernin and John Chernin with Randall Einhorn directing . The series is filmed as a single-camera setup . The Chernins , Olson , and Einhorn serve as executive producers . The show is filmed entirely in California . An actual Los Angeles mansion is used in the series as the Pemberton estate .
Casting
On February 29 , 2016 , it was announced that Sofia Black-D'Elia had been cast as Sabrina . It was announced that Kaitlin Olson was cast as Mackenzie on March 2 , 2016 . Thomas Barbusca , Jack Stanton , and Carla Jimenez were cast as Chip Pemberton , Ben Pemberton , and Alba respectively on March 18 , 2016 . Susan Park was cast as Liz though they were dropped as a series regular early in the first season and instead appears as a recurring character . The role of Jimmy Shepherd was played by Nat Faxon in the pilot for The Mick , with the knowledge that Faxon 's other commitments would prohibit them from continuing in the role if the pilot got picked up to series . Scott MacArthur , who had already been hired as a writer for the series , was later offered the Jimmy role and Fox re-shot the pilot prior to the series debut . On October 10 , 2016 , Dave Annable was cast as Teddy Grant in a recurring role .
On September 2 , 2017 , it was announced that Michaela Watkins joins season 2 in a guest role as Trish . On December 5 , 2017 , it was announced that Jennie Garth has been cast in a guest starring role . The next day , the show 's creators revealed that Scott MacArthur had departed as a cast member but will remain as a writer for the show . In January 2018 , however , MacArthur , along with showrunners Dave and John Chernin revealed to Den of Geek that MacArthur would in fact not be departing the show as a cast member and that their prior announcement was an effort to stimulate a reaction out the show 's fanbase : `` Truth be told , there were people in season one who did n't like Jimmy and we thought that we had n't given them a fair shake yet . So heading into season two we really wanted to do this character justice and show what was possible with him . It felt really good to see how upset people got when they thought that they were losing him . We think that he 's such an integral part of the show and yeah , I do n't think the show works as well without him . '' ( His character missed just two episodes after MacArthur 's `` exit '' in `` The Divorce '' [ Season 2 , Episode 9 ] , reappearing in `` The City '' [ Season 2 , Episode 12 ] . )
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes , the first season has an approval rating of 58 % based on 26 reviews , with an average rating of 6.07/10 . The website 's critics consensus reads , `` Kaitlin Olson 's considerable charm is n't enough to keep the intermittently funny The Mick from falling prey to conventional storylines and hard-to-root-for characters . '' On Metacritic , the season has a weighted average score of 50 out of 100 , based on 27 critics , indicating `` mixed or average reviews '' .
Ratings
References
External links
2010s American LGBT-related comedy television series
2010s American single-camera sitcoms
2017 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Fox Broadcasting Company original programming
Nudity in television
Obscenity controversies in television
Television controversies
Television controversies in the United States
Television series about dysfunctional families
Television series by 20th Century Fox Television
Television series by 3 Arts Entertainment
Television shows set in Connecticut
Darius Draudvila ( born 29 March 1983 ) is a Lithuanian decathlon and heptathlon track and field athlete , who internationally competes for Lithuania , but lives in the United States . During studies in the USA , Darius represented Kansas State track & field team and their personal best in decathlon take 4th place in Kansas State team 's history . In 2008 Draudvila set a national heptathlon record .
Their personal best is 8032 points , which they achieved in 2010 at the European Championships in Barcelona . They also received a nomination for the 2010 World Fair Play Awards as a result of their conduct at the event – they gave their spare pole to Andrei Krauchanka in the vault contest when the Belarusian athlete 's equipment had snapped . This enabled Krauchanka to continue in the decathlon , where they went on to take the bronze , while Draudvila ended the competition in sixth place .
Draudvila competed in the International Decathlon at Hexham ( GBR ) in 2008 and 2010 . In 2008 they did not finish the 1500m and the meeting was won by Dean Macey ( GBR ) in their last decathlon before retiring . In 2010 , Draudvila was in great shape and managed to set a meeting record in the 110m hurdles ( 14.11sec ) with a + 5.7m tail wind . They also won the decathlon with 7643 points 199 points below the meeting record set by Macey back in 2004 .
Achievements
References
1983 births
Living people
Lithuanian decathletes
Lithuanian heptathletes
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Lithuania
Robert Harwood ( 20 November 1923 – 23 November 1992 ) was a New Zealand cricketer . They played five first-class matches for Otago between 1944 and 1946 .
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
External links
1923 births
1992 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Dunedin
The māʻitaki ( a word related to the Sāmoan tamataʻi ( lady ) ) was a daughter of the Tuʻi Haʻatakalaua who married with the Tuʻi Tonga to become their principal wife and the mother of their heir . As personal rank in Tonga comes from the mother , this elevated the status of the future Tuʻi Tongas , and increased the power of the Tuʻi Haʻatakalauas , because of the fahu system . It was thus advantageous to both kāinga ( families ) .
The first māʻitaki was Kaloafutonga around 1600 , the last Longomāʻitaki around 1700 .
The system lasted only for 4 generations , as by as the power of the Tuʻi Haʻatakalaua had been eclipsed by the Tuʻi Kanokupolu , and the Tuʻi Tonga started to take their principal wife from the latter kāinga . They were called moheofo ( meaning : to wake up ( a lord ) ) . Originally , however , the term was to indicate a young woman sleeping with a visiting chief , as was normal in former times .
The first moheofo was Tongotea around 1700 . It was a habit that they were brought at night to their new husbands . ( Tongotea 's older sister Halaevalu also married a Tuʻi Tonga , but this seems to have been more a try out , and they did not become mother of the next king ) .
As consequence nowadays the word māʻitaki has degenerated into a general term for concubine , while moheofo is a reference to the royal family . Quite opposite to their original meanings .
References
C.M . Churchward , Tongan dictionary , Tonga 1959
I.C . Campbell , Island kingdom , Canterbury university press , 1992 , 2001
Society of Tonga
1600s establishments in Tonga
1700s disestablishments in Tonga
Savu ( also known as Sawu , Sabu , Sawoe , Havu , Hawu , Hawoe ) is the largest of a group of three islands , situated midway between Sumba and Rote , west of Timor , in Indonesia 's eastern province , East Nusa Tenggara . Ferries connect the islands to Waingapu on Sumba , Ende on Flores , and Kupang in West Timor . Flying to Savu through Susi Air from Kupang , Ende , and Waingapu is also possible .
Geography
The Savu Islands ( Indonesian : Kepulauan Sawu ) include Rai Hawu ( or Savu ) , Rai Jua , and Rai Dana . The three islands are fringed by coral reefs and sandy beaches . Rai Hawu is the principal island . Rai Jua is a smaller island west of Rai Hawu . Rai Dana is a small , uninhabited island , situated 30 km southwest of Rai Jua . From April to October , deep ocean swells pound the southern coastlines .
The land is covered for the most part by grassland and palms . The climate of this island is tropical savanna ( Aw ) with dry months for much of the year because of the dry winds which blow from Australia . The main rains usually fall between November and March . Between 82 % and 94 % of all rain falls during the west monsoon and with little or no rain falling between August and October . The mean annual rainfall for Savu Island is 1,019 mm . During the dry season , many streams run dry and local inhabitants must depend on wells for their water supplies .
Vulcanism
The Savu Islands are situated in a tectonic subduction zone , where the Indo-Australian Plate is moving northward , sliding under the Eurasian Plate . The islands lie on a ridge that was created by volcanic eruptions caused by the plate movement . Sediments carried into the Earth 's crust heat up and rise in plumes of magma , which cool and solidify to form igneous rock . The Sumba Ridge is no longer volcanically active , but active volcanoes are on the island of Flores , to the north .
The compression of the two tectonic plates is causing the Savu Islands to rise at a rate of about 1 mm per year . Occasionally , however , the tectonic plate suddenly slips a much greater distance , resulting in an earthquake . The 8.3 Sumba earthquake struck 280 km west-southwest of Rai Jua in August 1977 . The shock triggered a destructive tsunami which swept across the coastal plain at Seba , reaching as high as the airport . No one was reported missing on Savu or Rai Jua . However , on the neighbouring islands of Sumba and Sumbawa , the death toll reached 180.Interactive map showing major earthquakes in East Nusa Tenggara between 1970 and 2005 ( requires Flash Player )
Society
The population is 89,327 at the 2020 Census . Savu has strong historical ties with Hinduism in Java and the people consider themselves of Hindu origin . The society still performs traditional animistic beliefs , known as Djingi Tiu . Dutch missionaries introduced Protestantism which remains on the islands today .
The Savunese have a traditional greeting , done by pressing one 's nose ( at the same time ) to another person 's nose at an encounter .
It is used in all meetings among Savu 's people and on major ceremonies , and serves a similar purpose to a formal handshake in modern western culture , and indeed is often used in conjunction with one , similar to the Hongi in New Zealand .
Administration
The group of three islands was formed ( in 2008 ) into the Sabu Raijua Regency within East Nusa Tenggara province .
Agriculture
Savunese culture is ecologically fitting for such an arid environment . The traditional clan agreements on land control and water distribution ensure that the land is carefully managed and not overexploited . Their gardens form a well structured ecology , emulating a tropical forest with diverse species of trees and shade plants .
Agricultural production on Savu includes corn , rice , roots , beans , livestock ( meat/milk ) , and seaweed , which was introduced by Japanese interests , in the early 1990s . Pigs , goats , and chickens are commonplace in the villages . Those farmers who depend on mixed-crop gardens or on mung bean fields are generally better able to manage during times of poor rain , but are seemingly less successful when the rains are good . Corn , as a single crop , remains the predominant staple on Savu , though most farmers try to plant several different fields to increase their chances of at least one successful harvest . Cotton is the main crop on Rai Jua , where the standard of living is below that of Savu . It is used to make traditional textiles . Corn is planted in late November , December , or early January and harvested from February through March ; rice and mung beans are planted later , usually in January , after soils are well saturated with rain . In El Niño years , farmers are frequently misled by initial rains , which offer promise , but then cease . Most farmers keep some seed reserves if they are forced to plant a second time during the wet season . Rarely do farmers have sufficient seed reserves for a third attempt at planting , and by the time such a third planting seems necessary , little likelihood of success remains . By mid-March , the rains begin to diminish and planting corn with any expectation of a good harvest is no longer possible .
Prior to the corn harvest , the poorer segments of the population survive on reserve foods , primarily cassava , some sweet potato , forest yams , and sugar supplies from tapping lontar palms . This period is known as the time of `` ordinary hunger '' . However , during periods of drought , when the planting and subsequent harvest of the corn crop is delayed , the period of ordinary hunger is extended and `` ordinary hunger '' becomes `` extraordinary hunger '' . Most families manage on one meager meal a day . Livestock , suffering from the same conditions as the human population , are consumed or sold to buy emergency foods . People turn to green papaya , eaten as a vegetable , and tamarind seeds . In the dry season , drinking water becomes difficult to obtain and is often polluted by animals seeking water . Women and younger girls spend more time than ever carrying water for their families . A strong indicator of the `` extraordinary hunger '' period is a sharp increase in gastrointestinal diseases . Children are particularly vulnerable .
Sawu Marine National Park
According to Minister of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Decision Letter ( Surat Keputusan Menteri Kelautan dan Perikanan ) No . 38 of 2009 dated 18 May 2009 , Marine National Park ( MMAF ) Laut Sawu is established with MPA Code : 75 and Area Wide : 3,521,130.01 hectares which consists of : 567.170 hectares Marines of Sumba Regency , West Sumba Regency , Central Sumba Regency , Southwest Sumba Regency , Manggarai Regency , West Manggarai Regency and Marine areas of Timor-Rote-Sabu-Batek with 2,95 million hectares in East Sumba Regency , Rote Ndao Regency , Kupang Regency , South Central Timor Regency and City of Kupang .
In this park are 63,339,32 hectares coral reefs with 500 species of corals , 5,019.53 ha of mangroves , 5,320.62 ha of seagrass beds , and 1,769.1 ha of estuaries . Five of six turtle species in the world also can be found in Savu Sea ecosystem , as well as 30 species of marine mammals ( whales and dolphins ) , including the endangered sperm whale and blue whale , which are easy to find in the area and are pelagic and demersal species .
Early European contact
Initial contact was with the Dutch Vereenigde Oost-Indische Companie in 1648 . References to Savu from the period invariably concern Savunese soldiers , mercenaries , or slaves . In 1674 , the crew of a Dutch sloop was massacred in East Savu , after their vessel ran aground . The Dutch responded by forming an alliance with the raja of Seba , so troops could be sent in to retaliate . However , they failed to enter the fortress of Hurati , in B'olou Village of Eastern Savu , as it was ringed by three defensive walls . To save face , the Dutch force accepted payment in the form of slaves , gold , and beads .
In 1770 , Captain James Cook visited Savu , staying three days before continuing on to Batavia . It was the first European voyage to have scientists on board . During the three-year expedition , botanists Joseph Banks and Daniel Solander collected over 3,500 plant species along with specimens of animals , minerals , and ethnographic materials that on their return fascinated Europeans . Cook 's visit to Savu was brief , and though Banks and they produced detailed records of the island and its people , their accounts were based for the most part on information provided by Mr Lange , the German representative of the Dutch East India Company , who was stationed on Savu at the time .
References
Further reading
Fox , James . ( 1971 ) A working bibliography on the islands of Roti , Savu , and Sumba .
Fox , James J . ( 1972 ) `` The Sawunese '' , in F. Lebar ( ed . ) Ethnic Groups of Insular Southeast Asia , 1:77-80 . New Haven , Connecticut : Human Relations Area Files Press .
Fox , James J . ( 1977 ) Harvest of the Palm : Ecological Change in Eastern Indonesia . Cambridge , Massachusetts and London , England : Harvard University Press .
Fox , James J . ( 1979 ) `` The Ceremonial System of Sawu '' in A. Becker and A. Yengoyan ( eds . ) The Imagination of Reality : Essays on Southeast Asian Coherence Systems . Norwood , New Jersey : ABLEX Publishing Corporation .
Fox , James J . ( 1980 ) The Flow of Life : Essays on Eastern Indonesia , Harvard Studies in Cultural Anthropology
Duggan , Geneviève and Hägerdal , Hans ( 2018 ) Savu : History and Oral Tradition on an Island of Indonesia
External links
The Savu Islands by Savunese expat , Francesca Von Reinhaart .
Academic research on Savu by Geneviève Duggan .
Savu-Raijua Tourism .
Lesser Sunda Islands
Islands of Indonesia
Landforms of East Nusa Tenggara
Outer Banda Arc
Aliki Konstantinidou ( ; born June 26 , 1989 in Thessaloniki , Greece ) is a female professional volleyball player from Greece , who has been a member of the Greece women 's national volleyball team . At club level , they play for Greek powerhouse Olympiacos Piraeus ( 2017–18 season ) . Meanwhile , in a previous season they won with the Piraeus team both the Greek Championship and the Greek Cup .
Sporting achievements
International competitions
2017/2018 : CEV Women 's Challenge Cup , with Olympiacos S.F . Piraeus
National championships
2014/2015 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2016/2017 3rd place in Hellenic Championship , with Panathinaikos Athens
2017/2018 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Championship , with Olympiacos Piraeus
National trophies
2013/2014 Runners-up in Hellenic Cup , with Pannaxiakos A.O . Naxos
2014/2015 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2015/2016 Runners-up in Hellenic Cup , with AEK Athens
2017/2018 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
2018/2019 Hellenic Cup , with Olympiacos Piraeus
References
External links
profile at greekvolley.eu
profile at CEV web site at cev.eu
profile at women.volleybox.net
Back to Olympiacos Piraeus www.novasports.gr
Olympiacos Women 's Volleyball team at Olympiacos official web site ( www.olympiacossfp.gr )
Hellenic Women National Team - caps www.volleyball.gr
1989 births
Living people
Olympiacos Women 's Volleyball players
Panathinaikos Women 's Volleyball players
Greek women 's volleyball players
Volleyball players from Thessaloniki
The Irish-born artist Francis Bacon ( 1909–1992 ) painted 28 known triptychs between 1944 and 1986 . They began to work in the format in the mid-1940s with a number of smaller scale formats before graduating in 1962 to large examples . They followed the larger style for 30 years , although they painted a number of smaller scale triptychs of friend 's heads , and after the death of their former lover George Dyer in 1971 , the three Black Triptychs .
Overview
Bacon was a highly mannered artist often preoccupied with forms , themes , images and modes of expression that they would rework for sustained periods , often across decades . When asked about their tendency for sequential paintings , they explained how , in their mind , images revealed themselves `` in series . And I suppose I could go long beyond the triptych and do five or six together , but I find the triptych is a more balanced unit . '' Their career began with the 1944 triptych Three Studies for Figures at the Base of a Crucifixion , an instant critical and popular success . The format appealed to him ; they said , `` I see images in series '' , according to Bacon images suggested other images and series became their dominant motif . They moved past the triptych format , and from the late 40s to the late 50s produced works in series of up to 10 works , many of which rank amongst their finest , including their series of Popes , heads and men in suits .
Bacon fell from critical favour in the late 1950s having been a darling for the previous 10 years . They later admitted they had lost their voice and was seeking a new way to express themselves which involved a lot of transitional work , much of which they destroyed , and much of which they preferred not to be included in their canon . Their 1962 Three Studies for a Crucifixion , painted to coincide with their first retrospective at the Tate , marked a return to form and has been highly praised by critics and historians such as David Sylvester , Michel Leiris and Michael Peppiatt as a key turning point in their career .
They told critics that their usual practice with triptychs was to begin with the left panel and work across . Typically they completed each frame before beginning the next . As the work as a whole progressed , they would sometimes return to an earlier panel to make revisions , though this practice was generally carried out late in the overall work 's completion .
Works
During the late 1940s and 1950s , Bacon worked on several series , such as their screaming heads , popes , animals in prey and men in blue suits . The use of reworked and revisited imagery transferred into regular use of a triptych format in the early 1960s . In interviews , Bacon said that when they daydreamed , images occurred in `` hundreds at a time , some link up with one another . '' The triptych format was attractive , they believed , because it physically broke the images and prevented forced or constructed narrative interpretation ; a tendency in painting to which they were particularly opposed and found banal .
Bacon began their first large triptych Three Studies for a Crucifixion in February 1962 . Although they often completed a major canvas in a day , this work was not finished until the following March . At 194 cm x 145 cm , it is four times the size of their previous triptych and their first major work , the 1944 Three Studies for Figures at the Base of a Crucifixion , with which the 1962 work shares both theme and title . In 1964 , they extended the standard width of each canvas by 2.5 cm , and discounting the mid-1960s heads and early-mid `` Black Triptychs '' , retained the larger , monumental scale for all triptychs painted in the remaining thirty years of their life .
In 2000 , the art critic David Sylvester categorised Bacon 's large triptychs into three groupings : 18 showing a dramatic or erotic event , six showing three full-length seated portraits , and four containing single nude figures . 36 contain a single nude figure , 24 a single clothed figure . Five show a biomorph , 4 contain still lives . 28 are large , generally five times bigger than the small format works . Bacon was highly self-critical and destroyed a great many canvases . It is known that at least five were destroyed , while two or three were likely split by dealers and sold as individual canvasses .
Crucifixions
As well as being Bacon 's first large format triptych , Three Studies for a Crucifixion introduced the later and often repeated visual motif a human body turned inside out . This idea was drawn from a long tradition in art history , and was influenced strongly by Rembrandt 's Side of beef and Chaïm Soutine 's Carcass of Beef .
Although the idea of torn flesh was present in early work such as their Painting ( 1946 ) , in the 1960s triptychs and the two versions of the Lying figure with Hypodermic Syringe ( 1963 & 1968 ) , Bacon inverts the epidermis and guts of human torsos to create imagery , according to Sylvester , nearing the grotesque and horror of Rubens 's Descent from the Cross , and the Crucifix panel of Cimabue . Their first three major triptychs were of crucifixion scenes , and all bear debt to Rubens 's The Descent from the Cross , a work the normally reticent Bacon praised time and again to critics .
Heads
After 1965 Bacon 's focus generally narrowed , and they became obsessed with close-up portraiture . On the opening day of their first Tate retrospective , they received word that their former lover Peter Lacey had died ; news that had a devastating impact on them personally , and led them to produce their first triptych in the style to their heads of the mid-1950s , which had brought them to wider attention .
The 1962 Study for Three Heads opened a dramatically new arena for the artist and was followed by similar scaled triptychs for a series of works which can loosely be seen to be painted after their `` Colony Room associates , including Dyer , Lucian Freud ( for a period ) , Muriel Belcher and Henrietta Moraes . From the 1970s , as the artist themselves approached later life , associates and drinking friends began to die , lending many of the portraits an added urgency and poignancy .
Voyeur
In Triptych Inspired by T. S. Eliot 's poem `` Sweeney Agonistes '' , Bacon shows a couple erotically entwined in the right-hand panel , while a clothed male figure stands looking at them . The left-hand panel shows another couple , in full view , lying in Post-coital tristesse . Here Bacon is looking at the notion of voyeurism being an ideal prelude to participation ; a notion held by their former lover Peter Lacy . The idea is revisited in both versions of Triptych - Studies from the Human Body ( 1970 ) , and is informed by Henri Matisse 's Red Studio of 1911 .
Bacon 's triptychs show ten separate couples on beds , of which eight are erotically interacting , while in two others figures are shown sleeping side by side .
The Black Triptychs
Two days before the opening of Bacon 's retrospective at the Grand Palais , George Dyer , their former lover and principal model for the past seven years , took their own life in the hotel room they were sharing . Bacon 's acute sense of mortality and awareness of the fragility of life were heightened by Dyer 's death . During the following three years they painted many images of Dyer , including the series of three `` Black triptychs '' ( or `` Black paintings '' ) which have come to be seen as among their best work . They are so named because they share common black backgrounds emblematic of death or mourning .
A number of characteristics bind the `` Black triptychs '' together . The form of a monochromatically rendered doorway features centrally in all , and each is framed by flat and shallow walls . In each , Dyer is stalked by a broad shadow ; which takes the form of pools of blood or flesh in the first and third panels , and the wings of the angel of death in the second and first . In its display caption for the Triptych–August 1972 the Tate gallery wrote , `` What death has not already consumed seeps incontinently out of the figures as their shadows . ''
Bacon 's work from the 1970s has been described by the art critic Hugh Davies as the `` frenzied momentum of a struggle against death '' . They admitted during a 1974 interview that they thought the most difficult aspect of aging was `` losing your friends '' . This was a bleak period in their life , and though they were to live for another seventeen years , they felt that their life was almost over , `` and all the people I 've loved are dead '' . Their concern is reflected in the darkened flesh and background tones of these three triptychs .
Themes
Motion
Bacon 's interest in sequential images came from their interest in photography , in particular their fascination with the work of the English pioneer Eadweard Muybridge ( 1830–1904 ) . They also are impressed with Michelangelo 's The Three Labours of Hercules ( c. 1528 ) . These works captured movement in a series of frozen moments , shown in separate plates recorded or captured in quick succession , allowing the viewer to witness multiple perspectives .
Footnotes
References
Bibliography
Baldassari , Anne . Bacon and Picasso . Flammarion , 2005 .
Davies , Hugh ; Yard , Sally . Francis Bacon . New York : Cross River Press , 1986 .
Dawson , Barbara ; Sylvester , David . Francis Bacon in Dublin . London : Thames & Hundson , 2002 .
Farr , Dennis ; Peppiatt , Michael ; Yard , Sally . Francis Bacon : A Retrospective . Harry N Abrams , 1999 .
Russell , John . Francis Bacon ( World of Art ) . Norton , 1971 .
Sylvester , David . Looking back at Francis Bacon . London : Thames and Hudson , 2000 .
Paintings by Francis Bacon
Triptychs
Chaouach is a village in Béja Governorate , Tunisia . It is located between Béja and Tunis and north of Medjez-El-Bab ( 36° 42 ' 42 '' N , 9° 32 ' 24 '' E ) . The area sits in a valley high up the sides of the watershed of the Medjerda river . In antiquity , it was a Roman Catholic diocese .
History
Antiquity
Chaouach is known for its extensive haouanet ( حانوت ) . These tombs are presumably of Numidian origin , used until the time of the Roman presence in North Africa .
There was from 330 BC to AD 640 a Roman settlement at Chaouach was called Suas . Suas was a civitas of the Roman province of Africa Proconsolare , though larger than its near neighbor Toukabeur .
Modern history
During the Tunisian Campaign of World War II , the town was an important strategic site being on the heights overlooking the Medjerda River valley with several large towns to the south . The town was taken in April 1943 , by the British Army 's , Lancashire Fusiliers and the Queen 's Own East Surrey Regiment .
General Sir Kenneth Anderson wrote at of Chaouch at this time , This mountain land is a vast tract of country , every hill in which is large enough to swallow up a brigade of infantry , where consolidation on the rocky slopes is very difficult , in which tanks can only operate in small numbers , where movement of guns and vehicles is very restricted and where the division had to rely on pack mules for its supplies and to carry wireless telegraphy sets , tools and mortars .
Bishopric
In antiquity the town was also the seat of an ancient Catholic episcopal see , a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Carthage . That diocese survives today as titular bishopric and the current bishop is Józef Wróbel .
References
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Africa
Roman towns and cities in Tunisia
Ancient Berber cities
Stephen Prentiss Payne ( born May 8 , 1964 ) is an American lobbyist from Houston , Texas . They have also served as a governmental , energy , international affairs , and international business development consultant , corporate and political adviser , foreign diplomat , business person , fundraiser , and former adviser ( June 2007 to July 2008 ) to two of the United States Department of Homeland Security 's Advisory Committees—the Secure
Borders and Open Doors Advisory Committee ( SBODAC ) and the Essential Technology Task Force ( ETTF ) , in connection with which they held a U.S. security clearance .
In July 2008 they attracted international attention after being secretly videotaped discussing a $ 750,000 lobbying contract offering access to senior U.S. officials and suggesting a $ 250,000 donation to the future presidential library of U.S. president George W. Bush .
Early life
Payne is the son of Jerry and Marianne Payne , in Houston , Texas . They studied Political Science at Stephen F. Austin State University ( 1982 to 1987 ) . Their father Jerry is a lawyer and was a longtime adviser of the state senator J. E. `` Buster '' Brown . Alliance & Co. president of Worldwide Strategic Energy Stephen P. Payne Alliance & Co. ( a sister company to Worldwidethe investment firm Envion Worldwide , and
Strategic Limited Partner for the global investment firm MSH Ventures .
In 2001 , Payne served as Senior Advisor to the NASA Administrator on White House and Congressional Affairs .
International relations
Payne has served as Honorary Consul General for the Republic of Latvia for the South central U.S. region ( with headquarters in Houston ) since 1999 , and has served as an adviser to Latvian president Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga on political and economic issues . In 2004 , President Freiberga awarded Payne Latvia 's highest state honor , the Order of the Three Stars , for their work in helping Latvia become a NATO member . For the 2006 NATO Summit in Riga , Latvia , Payne was appointed by NATO to lead a think tank conference panel discussion on energy security and chair a NATO Future Leaders Forum bringing together up-and-coming leaders from 35 NATO member and partner countries . They have also served on the board of directors of the U.S.-Baltic Foundation , which promotes free markets in the Baltic States .
In April 2006 , Payne helped arrange an official meeting between the Azerbaijani president Ilham Aliyev and U.S. president George W. Bush in April 2006 , something the Azerbaijani president had been attempting for three years .
They also assisted in having the Uzbek opposition politician Muhammad Salih 's name removed from Interpol 's arrest warrant list and from the U.S. 's terrorist watchlist .
Payne also assisted Turkmenistan in assembling a consortium of nations and international firms to build a natural gas pipeline from Turkmenistan to Pakistan . Payne coordinated a trilateral summit between the Presidents of Turkmenistan , Afghanistan and Pakistan that produced a memorandum of understanding regarding the Turkmen/Afghan natural gas pipeline , restoring the project 's viability after years of dormancy at the hands of the Taliban .
They have also lobbied on behalf of the governments of Turkmenistan and the United Arab Emirates , and performed consulting in Iraq , which they have visited twice . They have also served on the board of the National Defense University Foundation .
The lobbyist Randy Scheunemann has collaborated with Payne 's firms on international matters since 2002 , and Payne has also partnered in their various business ventures with Frank Carlucci , Michael S. Han , Ying Wang , and W. Dieter Zander .
In 2010 , leading a public relations team , Payne assisted Alexi Ogando , now a starting pitcher for the Texas Rangers ( baseball ) , in obtaining their U.S. visa . Ogando had been permanently banned from the U.S. in 2005 because of their involvement in a human trafficking ring .
In April 2011 , Payne co-led a private , non-official U.S. diplomacy delegation to Libya , which included former U.S Congressman Curt Weldon , just after the February 17th uprising . Theirs was the first delegation visiting Tripoli to publicly call for Muammar Gaddafi to step down . According to a press release from Curt Weldon , their delegation was also working toward the release of Libyan rape victim , Iman al-Obeidi , and four captive journalists , including U.S. journalists Clare Gillis and James Foley .
Bush White House activities
During the 1988 presidential campaign , Payne served as the travel aide to George W. Bush .
Payne served The White House as a `` senior presidential advance representative '' to George W. Bush , traveling with them as a volunteer to Jordan for the Red Sea Summit in June 2003 . Payne also traveled with Dick Cheney to the Middle East in 2002 and 2005 , to South Korea in 2004 , to Kazakhstan in 2006 , and to Afghanistan for the inauguration of Hamid Karzai in December 2004 . Payne was a part of a small team of Bush operatives , which included former White House Chief of Staff Andy Card , which assisted the 2000 campaign in coordinating the three presidential debates .
They have also been a Dubya Ranch Hand ( 2003 ) , and was a Bush Ranger in 2004 and a Bush Pioneer in 2000 and 2004 .
Other political activities
They are a member of the Republican Party and has been active in various Republican causes since the late 1980s . They were a member of the staff of Kay Bailey Hutchison from 1993 to 1996 and served as State Vice Chairman of their 2000 and 2006 re-election campaigns . In the 1996 presidential election they worked on the Dole-Kemp campaign . They assisted with the 2004 Bush-Cheney campaign , the Senate campaign of Pete Coors for Senate , the Restore America PAC , the Rudolph Giuliani Presidential Committee ( on the National Security Advisory Task Force ) , and the Tom DeLay Congressional Committee .
According to Federal Election Commission records , since 1998 Payne has contributed more than $ 249,000 to Republican candidates and Republican Party committees .
Controversy
In July 2008 Payne was secretly videotaped discussing a $ 750,000 lobbying contract and offering access to senior U.S. officials ( including Dick Cheney , Condoleezza Rice , and Joe Biden ) to the exiled Kazakhstani politician Yerzhan Dosmukhamedov ( known as Eric Dos for short ) , and suggesting a $ 250,000 donation to the future George W. Bush Presidential Library .
In the conversation , which was secretly taped by The Sunday Times at a meeting in the restaurant of The Lanesborough hotel in London , Dosmukhamedov claimed that the former Kyrgyz president Askar Akayev wished to rehabilitate their image and meet with the U.S. officials . Payne has claimed that they did nothing wrong , and stated that they were there to recruit a new legitimate lobbying client and that it was Dos who first raised the issue of a donation in their initial e-mail to Payne . The Sunday Times have released only 4 minutes and 31 seconds of the hour-long meeting and Payne claims that the unreleased portion of the video would show that they were at the meeting to solicit a lobbying client and that the release of the entire tape would dispel The Sunday Times version of the video where Payne claims their comments were edited and taken out of context . Payne was asked to resign from the Homeland Security Advisory Committees directly following the July 13 , 2008 publication of the article . U.S. Representative Henry Waxman , on behalf of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , wrote a letter to Payne one day later , on July 14 , 2008 , requesting further details and background about this incident , and asked Payne to respond to their letter within ten days . Payne responded to the committee within ten days and Congress adjourned two months later without any further action from the House Committee .
See also
References
External links
Worldwide Strategic Partners brochure
Photo gallery of Stephen Payne with world leaders
Video of Stephen Payne offering access to U.S. officials YouTube
Stephen Payne Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington
Payne 's rebuttal statement provided to Mark Silva of the Chicago Tribune .
E-mails between Stephen Payne and Eric Dos
July 14 , 2008 letter from Henry Waxman to Stephen Payne
American lobbyists
Central Asia
Living people
United States Department of Homeland Security officials
People from Houston
1964 births
Texas Republicans
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Elisabeth Wagner ( born September 6 , 1957 ) , known professionally as Liz Rose , is an American country music songwriter , best known for their work with Taylor Swift . They have co-written seventeen of Swift 's officially released songs , including `` You Belong with Me '' , which was nominated for the Grammy Award for Song of the Year , `` Teardrops on My Guitar '' , `` White Horse '' , which won both Swift and them a Grammy Award for Best Country Song in 2010 and `` All Too Well ( Taylor 's Version ) '' , which reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2021 . They work regularly alongside songwriters Lori McKenna and Hillary Lindsey , collectively calling themselves The Love Junkies and notably writing songs for Little Big Town and Carrie Underwood , among others .
Biography
Rose was born in Dallas , Texas , and raised in Irving , Texas . Rose moved to Nashville , Tennessee , with their then-husband , Johnny Rose , and began writing songs through the suggestion of a friend . One of their first cuts was `` Elisabeth , '' which was recorded by Billy Gilman . In 2003 , Gary Allan took Rose 's `` Songs About Rain '' ( co-written with Pat McLaughlin ) into the country 's top 20 . Rose spoke in the podcast Broken Record about being married 4 times .
Rose began writing songs with Taylor Swift on Swift 's 2006 self-titled debut album , on which Rose has seven co-writer 's credits . Among those cuts were the album 's first two singles , `` Tim McGraw '' and `` Teardrops on My Guitar '' , which helped Rose win a Songwriter of the Year award from SESAC in 2007 . Rose continued to collaborate with Swift on their second album , 2008 's Fearless . Swift and Rose co-wrote the singles `` White Horse '' and `` You Belong with Me '' as well as the title track . `` White Horse '' won both of them the Grammy Award for Best Country Song in 2010 , and `` You Belong with Me '' was nominated for Grammy Award for Song of the Year . On Swift 's fourth album , 2012 's Red , Rose co-wrote one song , entitled `` All Too Well '' .
They have also worked with songwriting for Swedish country singer Jill Johnson and Nashville-based band Mockingbird Sun , co-writing their second single `` Lucky Guy '' .
With regular collaborators Lori McKenna and Hillary Lindsay as part of The Love Junkies , they co-wrote the song `` Girl Crush '' performed by Little Big Town . For the song , they won the 2015 CMA Song of the Year and was nominated at the 2016 Grammy Awards for Song of The Year and Best Country Song , winning the latter .
They also contributed to Carrie Underwood 's album Storyteller with the song `` Like I 'll Never Love You Again '' .
Them daughter is country/Americana artist Caitlin Rose .
Liz Rose first began their career as a songwriter at the age of 37 .
A successful songwriter , they do not play an instrument .
Rose is one of the board of directors of National Music Publishers ' Association .
Songs written
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
American women country singers
American country singer-songwriters
Grammy Award winners
Living people
People from Dallas
1957 births
Singer-songwriters from Texas
21st-century American women
Maros Regency ( , ) is a regency of South Sulawesi province of Indonesia . It covers an area of 1,619.12 sq.km , and had a population of 319,002 at the 2010 Census and 391,774 at the Census of 2020 . The official estimate for mid 2021 was 396,924 . Almost all of the regency lies within the official metropolitan area of the city of Makassar . The capital town of the regency is Maros .
Administrative division
The Regency is divided into fourteen districts ( ) , tabulated below with their areas and population totals from the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census , together with the official estimate as at mid 2021 . The table also includes the number of administrative villages ( rural desa and urban kelurahan ) in each district , and its postal codes .
Twelve of the fourteen districts tabulated above lie within the official metropolitan area of the city of Makassar ; the remaining two districts ( Camba and Mallawa ) , which together form the northeast salient of the regency ( with just 6.86 % of the regency 's population in 2021 ) , lie outside the metropolitan area .
Rock art in Maros
Important examples of rock art exist in the Maros regency . At the Leang Petta Kere cave for example , in the Bantimurung district ( kecamatan ) about 30 km to the north of Makassar , there are a number of red-and-white hand prints of animals and hands . The images were made by blowing red pigment around hands that were pressed on the surface of the rocks . These handprints are often accompanied by fruit-eating , pig-deer looking animals called babirusas . A total of 12 images were found on the walls of seven different caves in the area . The sites have been submitted to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative list for possible inclusion .
The main site of the rock art is in seven caves around 40–60 km north east of Makassar . The oldest is a hand stencil located in Timpuseng cave with an estimated age of over 39,000 years . It is accompanied by a depiction of a female babirusa , from about 35,000 years ago . The panel where the art can be found is located 4 meters above the cave floor and 8 meters from the entrance .
The rock art in the caves was originally discovered in the 1950s by a Dutch archaeologist , H. R. van Heekeren , but at the time , was not regarded as being especially significant . More recently , analysis of the pictures by an Australian-Indonesian team suggests that a number of the markings are over 30,000 years old . They were looking at mineral layers that were covering the images , and tracing the amount of radioactive uranium in them . This technique did not give an exact date , but it narrowed down the time when the images were possibly painted . The work suggests that early settlers in Asia were creating their own artwork at the same time , or even earlier , than artwork of this kind was being created in Europe .
The caves were of interest to the British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace . Wallace visited the East Indies during the period 1854 to 1862 although they appear not to have spotted the artwork . Wallace discusses their visit to the region in their well-known book The Malay Archipelago first published in 1869 .
Journal Science announced that hand print in Maros Cave by mouth spraying dye is in the sixth position of the 2014 's top ten science breakthroughs and is called as Indonesian Cave Art . The art of drawing in ( Maros Cave ) rocks has same old with inhabitant of the European land .
Natural features
Maros Regency is famous for its karst hills and cliffs which have been referred to as `` The Spectacular Karst Towers '' .
The Karaenta Nature Reserve , best known for the Moor macaque monkeys ( Macaca maura ) in the park , is located in the Cenrana district ( kecamatan ) in the regency . Moor macaques are endemic to Sulawesi and are considered to be endangered because the remaining numbers are believed to be limited .
Caves
The longest known cave in Indonesia is the Salukangkallang cave ( 27-kilometer in length ) . The cave is mostly in the Samangki Village Tourist Area ( Kawasan Desa Wisata Samangki ) , but the entrance to the cave is in Labuaja village , nearby to Samangki village .
References
Regencies of South Sulawesi
Archaeological sites in Indonesia
World Heritage Sites in Indonesia
Prehistoric Indonesia
The following lists events that happened during 2004 in Republic of Albania .
Incumbents
President : Alfred Moisiu
Prime Minister : Fatos Nano
Events
February
Opposition stages angry demonstration in Tirana to demand Mr Nano 's resignation and protest against government failure to improve living standards .
May
In its first appearance in the competition , Albania is represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 by Anjeza Shahini , who places 7th with the song `` The Image of You '' .
July
July 17 : Susan of Albania , wife of the pretender Leka , Crown Prince of Albania , dies of lung cancer in Tirana .
September
September 4 : The political party Socialist Movement for Integration is formed by former prime minister Ilir Meta .
December
Edi Rama , Mayor of Tirana elected World Mayor 2004 .
See also
2004 in Albanian television
References
Years of the 21st century in Albania
2000s in Albania
Praz-Delavallade is a contemporary art gallery in Paris , France and Los Angeles , USA .
History
Bruno Delavallade and René-Julien Praz opened Praz-Delavallade gallery in 1990 at its first location in La Bastille , Paris . In 1995 the gallery closed on the Right Bank and moved to a new location on the Left Bank at Rue Louis Weiss , part of an arts commune in conjunction with galleries Air de Paris , Almine Rech , Art : Concept , Jennifer Flay , Emmanuel Perrotin and Kréo . From 2007 to 2009 , the gallery operated a space in Berlin in conjunction with Susanne Vielmetter ; the gallery opened with a solo exhibition by Jim Shaw . In 2010 , the gallery relocated to the Marais . In January 2017 , Praz-Delavallade opened a new location in Los Angeles with `` I LOVE L.A. '' , a group exhibition featuring work by local represented artists : Matthew Brandt , Matthew Chambers , Phil Chang , Sam Durant , EJ Hill , Julian Hoeber , Jim Isermann , Alexander Kroll , Joel Kyack , Dan Levenson , Nathan Mabry , Joe Reihsen , Ry Rocklen , Amanda Ross-Ho , Analia Saban , Jim Shaw , Marnie Weber and Brian Wills .
Los Angeles Artists
Praz-Delavallade has been primarily defined by its relationship with Los Angeles-based artists and the representation of their work in Europe . The gallery came to be among the first to present the works of Sam Durant , Jim Isermann , Jim Shaw and Marnie Weber in Europe . Newer generations of artists have continued to expand the gallery 's offerings including Matthew Brandt , Phil Chang , Alexander Kroll , Joel Kyack , Dan Levenson , Nathan Mabry , Joe Reihsen , Ry Rocklen , Amanda Ross-Ho and Brian Wills .
Represented Artists
Soufiane Ababri
Pierre Ardouvin
Matthew Brandt
Phil Chang
Heather Cook
Philippe Decrauzat
Sam Durant
Thomas Fougeirol
Jim Isermann
Alexander Kroll
Joel Kyack
Dan Levenson
Nathan Mabry
Fabien Mérelle
John Miller ( American artist )
Julien Nédélec
Adi Nes
Amy O'Neill
Joe Reihsen
Dario Robleto
Ry Rocklen
Amanda Ross-Ho
Analia Saban
Jim Shaw
Marnie Weber
Brian Wills
Johannes Wohnseifer
Guy Yanai
References
External links
Official website
1989 establishments in France
Art museums and galleries in Paris
Art galleries established in 1989
Julia Walczyk ( born 28 October 1997 ) is a Polish fencer .
In 2015 , they won the bronze medal in the women 's team foil event at the Junior World Fencing Championships held in Tashkent , Uzbekistan . In the same year , they also represented Poland at the 2015 European Games held in Baku , Azerbaijan . They competed in the women 's foil event and they were eliminated by Natalia Sheppard of Great Britain .
In 2017 , they won the gold medal in the junior women 's team foil event at the Junior and Cadet World Fencing Championships in Plovdiv , Bulgaria . In the same year , they also won the bronze medal in the women 's team foil event at the 2017 Summer Universiade held in Taipei , Taiwan . They also competed in the women 's individual foil event . In 2019 , they won one of the bronze medals in the women 's foil event at the Military World Games held in Wuhan , China . They also won the bronze medal in the women 's team event , alongside Bogna Jóźwiak , Hanna Łyczbińska and Martyna Synoradzka .
They competed at the 2022 European Fencing Championships held in Antalya , Turkey . They also competed at the 2022 World Fencing Championships held in Cairo , Egypt .
References
External links
Living people
1997 births
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Polish foil fencers
Polish female fencers
Fencers at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for Poland
Universiade medalists in fencing
Universiade bronze medalists for Poland
Medalists at the 2017 Summer Universiade
20th-century Polish women
21st-century Polish women
Galveias Palace ( Portuguese : Palácio das Galveias ) is a Portuguese palace located in Lisbon , Portugal , in Avenidas Novas freguesia .
History
The palace dates back to the mid-17th century , when it was built as a country house for the Marquis of Távora . In 1759 , due to the Távora affair , the entire Távora family was executed and the palace was confiscated by the Crown .
The name of the palace comes from its acquisition , in 1801 , by D. João de Almeida de Melo e Castro , 5th Count of Galveias .
In 1928 , the palace came into possession of the Lisbon Municipal Chamber , who installed there one of the city 's earliest municipal libraries .
The palace is famous for being a good example of a 17th-century Portuguese nobleman 's house , with the typical `` U '' shaped layout .
Sources
Galeria do Palácio Galveias ( In Portuguese )
Biblioteca Municipal Central – Palácio Galveias ( In Portuguese )
Palácio das Galveias ( In Portuguese )
17th-century establishments in Portugal
Houses completed in the 17th century
Palaces in Lisbon
L'Aura is the second album by Italian singer L'Aura , released on 8 June 2007 by Sony . This album contains lyrics in Italian , English and French .
Track listing
Le vent ( Laura Abela )
One ( Laura Abela )
È per te feat . Max Zanotti ( Laura Abela/Max Zanotti/Adriano Pennino )
Beware ! The Modern Eye ! ( Laura Abela )
I 'm So Fucked Up I Can Barely Walk ( Laura Abela )
The River ( Laura Abela )
I Just Want to Grow Old ( Laura Abela )
Non è una favola ( Laura Abela )
I 'm With You ( Laura Abela/Adriano Pennino )
Demian ( Laura Abela )
Hey Hey ( Laura Abela )
The Doors ( Laura Abela )
Turn Around feat . Georganne Kalweit ( Laura Abela/Adriano Pennino )
Chart
Personnel
L'Aura - Lead vocals , piano , keys
Enrique Gonzalez Müller - Producer , Engineer , Mixer , Sampling
Davide Pezzin - Electric and upright Bass
Davide De Vito - drums , percussion
Alberto De Rossi - Acoustic and electric guitar
Davide Arneodo - keyboards , additional percussion
Floriano Bocchino - piano
Stefano Cabrera - cello
Roberto Izzo - violin
Raffaele Rebaudengo - viola
L'Aura Portrais : Kris Knight
Cover Photos : Stefano Padovani
Art Direction and Graphic Design : Mogollon
Management : Andrea Bariselli
L'Aura albums
2007 albums
During the rule of the al-Assad family and the Syrian Civil War , a number of prominent Syrian figures have defected to either the rebellion or to other countries :
During Hafez al-Assad rule
Bassam Adal – 1989 ( to Israel )
During Bashar al-Assad rule
Hussam Awak , Syrian Air Force and Air Force Intelligence Directorate officer , claims to have defected in 2005 , though others argue that they only joined the Syrian opposition out of opportunism
Syrian civil war
Bassim Al Khaled/ بسيم الخالد first lieutenant , defected in June 2011
Mohammad Bassam Imadi , Former Ambassador to Sweden – 2011
Abdul Razzaq Tlass , former Syrian police first lieutenant , defected in June 2011 , one of the founders of the Khalid ibn al-Walid Brigade in August 2011 , and founder and commander of the Farouq Brigades , October 2011–October 2012
Riad al-Asaad , former colonel in the Syrian Air Force , and current commander of the Free Syrian Army , July 2011
Mustafa Al-Sheikh , former General in the Secret Police force , and former head of the Free Syrian Army – 6 January 2012
Imad Ghalioun , parliamentarian for Homs - January 2012 ( to Egypt )
Abdo Hussameddin , Deputy Oil Minister – 7 March 2012
Firas Tlass , son of Mustafa Tlass , the former defence minister under Hafez al Assad – 12 March 2012 ( to Paris )
Hassan Hamada , Syrian Air Force Colonel – 2012 ( to Jordan )
Fares Bayoush , Syrian Air Force lieutenant colonel – July 2012
Manaf Tlass , Brigadier General of the Syrian Republican Guard – 2012 ( to Turkey , later Paris )
Nawaf al-Fares , Ambassador to Iraq – 2012 ( In Iraq , later moved to Qatar )
Adnan Silu , Major General and former head of Syria 's chemical weapons program – July 2012 defected to the opposition .
Abdelatif al-Dabbagh , Ambassador to the UAE , July 2012 ( to Qatar )
Lamia al-Hariri , niece of Syrian vice president Farouk al-Sharaa , Envoy to Cyprus , – July 2012 ( to Qatar )
Mohammad Tahseen Faqir , military attaché at the Syrian embassy in Oman – July 2012
Ikhlas al-Badawi , Aleppo MP , a Ba'athist and an Assad loyalist , defected to Turkey with their six children – July 2012
Farouk Taha , Ambassador to Belarus . Fled to Belarus in the spring , but did not publicize their defection before late July .
Khaled al-Ayoubi , Chargé d'affaires at the embassy to the United Kingdom and most senior diplomat in the country after higher officials were expelled . – July 2012 .
Mohammad Hussam Hafez , Consul at the Syrian embassy in Yerevan , Armenia – July 2012 .
General Muhammed Faris , a military aviator who became the first Syrian in space , defects to Turkey .
Riyad Farid Hijab – Syrian Prime minister , August 2012 .
Mohammad al Jililati – Finance Minister , reported to have been arrested while trying to defect . Denied by the Syrian state TV , which said Mr Jililati was still in their office working as usual , and it broadcast what it said was a phone interview with them denying reports that they had been detained .
Danny al-Baaj – Syria 's representative at the United Nations Human Rights Council , defects to Geneva , 11 July 2012
Brigadier General Ibrahim al-Jabawi – deputy police commander for the central Syrian province of Homs , 12 July 2012 ( to Jordan )
Salim Idris – was a general in the Syrian Police Force when they defected in July 2012 . Now serves as the current Chief of Staff of the Free Syrian Army .
Yaroub al-Shara – cousin of Syrian Vice President Farouk al-Shara .
Naser al-Hariri – Former member of the People 's Council of Syria from Daraa , 23 August 2012 ( to Jordan )
Mohamed Moussa al-Khairat – Commander of the seventh division within the Syrian Police Force , 25 August 2012 ( to Jordan )
Muhammad Khayr al-Hariri – Former Syrian MP and tribal chief of the southern Daraa region , 27 August ( to Jordan )
Abdullah Al-Omar – Director of several pro-government Syrian Channels , September 2012 .
Mohammad Fares – a Syrian Pilot .
Awad Ahmed al-Ali – head of the security branch in Damascus , September 2012 ( to Turkey )
Emad al-Ahmar – Syrian Consul in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia 8 September 2012 ( to Egypt ) .
Mahmoud Obeid – Syrian diplomatic attaché in Malaysia , 8 September 2012 ( to Egypt ) .
Bashar al-Haj – Syrian diplomatic attaché in Serbia , September 2012 ( ? ) .
Youssef Assad – Syrian Air Force officer and a family relative of President Bashar Assad .
Khaled Abdul Rahman al Zamel – a Syrian colonel who initially defected to join the opposition forces , and in late September 2012 called on to abandon the insurgency against President Bashar al-Assad ( accompanied by around 10 other former rebels ) .
Jihad Makdissi – Syrian Forgein Ministry 's spokesperson , 2 December 2012 ( to UK ) .
Adnan Salo – former head of the chemical weapons unit in the Syrian army , 9 December 2012
Major General Abdulaziz al-Shalal – commander of Syria 's Military Police , 25 December 2012 .
Kamal Jamal Beyk – Former director of programming at the official SANA radio and the SANA online news website in Damascus , 28 December 2012 ( to Paris ) .
Lama Al-Khadra – Former state-run radio station Radio Damascus Journalist , 28 December 2012 ( to Paris )
Baddour Abdel Karim – former state-run radio station Radio Damascus Journalist , 28 December 2012 ( to Paris )
Maj. Gen Mohammed Ezz al-Din Khalouf – chief of supplies and logistics of Syrian Armed Police Forces , 16 March 2013 ( to Jordan ) .
Sayf Balud – former First Lieutenant in the Syrian Army
Anwar Raslan - former Syrian colonel who led a unit of Syria 's General Intelligence Directorate . Fled to Jordan then sought Asylum in Germany , where in January 2022 , they were convicted of crimes against humanity in a German Higher Regional Court .
References
Syria
Defectors
gdbserver is a computer program that makes it possible to remotely debug other programs . Running on the same system as the program to be debugged , it allows the GNU Debugger to connect from another system ; that is , only the executable to be debugged needs to be resident on the target system ( `` target '' ) , while the source code and a copy of the binary file to be debugged reside on the developer 's local computer ( `` host '' ) . The connection can be either TCP or a serial line .
How it works
gdbserver is launched on the target system , with the arguments :
Either a device name ( to use a serial line ) or a TCP hostname and port number , and
The path and filename of the executable to be debugged
It then waits passively for the host gdb to communicate with it .
gdb is run on the host , with the arguments :
The path and filename of the executable ( and any sources ) on the host , and
A device name ( for a serial line ) or the IP address and port number needed for connection to the target system .
Example for debugging a program called hello_world on a remote target using TCP ( `` 2159 '' is the registered TCP port number for remote GDB ) :
remote @ ~ $ gdbserver :2159 hello_world
Process hello_world created ; pid = 2509
Listening on port 2159
local @ ~ $ gdb -q hello_world
Reading symbols from /home/user/hello_world ... done .
( gdb ) target remote 192.168.0.11:2159
Remote debugging using 192.168.0.11:2159
0x002f3850 in ? ? ( ) from /lib/ld-linux.so.2
( gdb ) continue
Continuing .
Program received signal SIGSEGV , Segmentation fault .
0x08048414 in main ( ) at hello_world.c:10
10 printf ( `` x [ % d ] = % g\n '' , i , x [ i ] ) ;
( gdb )
Alternatives
Another technique for debugging programs remotely is to use a remote stub . In this case , the program to be debugged is linked with a few special-purpose subroutines that implement the GDB remote serial protocol . The file containing these subroutines is called a `` debugging stub '' .
See also
GNU Debugger
KGDB
Notes
References
Andreas Zeller : Why Programs Fail : A Guide to Systematic Debugging , Morgan Kaufmann , 2005 .
External links
GDB homepage
Debugging with GDB
Debuggers
Debugging
Debugger
Unix programming tools
Arnt Arntsen Wang ( 1791 – 14 November 1845 ) was a Norwegian politician .
Wang was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1839 , representing the constituency of Nordre Throndhjems Amt . They worked as a farmer there . They served only one term .
References
1791 births
1845 deaths
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Nord-Trøndelag
The Cathedral of St Louis ( , katedrala „ Sveti Ludvig “ ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Plovdiv , Bulgaria . Co-cathedral of the Diocese of Sofia and Plovdiv together with the Cathedral of St Joseph in Sofia , it is one of the largest and most important Roman Catholic places of worship in the country . It was named after Louis IX of France , commonly known as `` Saint Louis '' .
The cathedral was constructed in the 1850s , during the time of vicar Andrea Canova . The first organ in Bulgaria was installed in the cathedral in 1861 , later replaced with a newer and larger one . A fire severely damaged the cathedral in 1931 and destroyed the wood-carved ceiling . The cathedral was reconstructed , with Krastyo Stamatov creating the frescoes and Kamen Petkov being the main architect . The cathedral was once again inaugurated on 8 May 1932 . Architecturally , it features an eclectic combination of Neoclassicism and Neo-Baroque .
The belfry was built in 1898 and was equipped with five bells cast in the German city of Bochum , a gift from Pope Leo XIII . A new 12-stop pipe organ was installed in 1991 .
Princess Marie Louise of Bourbon-Parma , first wife of Ferdinand I of Bulgaria , is buried inside the cathedral , at the far end , to the right of the altar . An inscription in Bulgarian and Latin on their life can be read on both sides of the tomb .
Notes
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1861
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Bulgaria
Churches in Plovdiv
Baroque architecture in Bulgaria
Roman Catholic churches in Bulgaria
Burial sites of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ( Bulgaria )
1861 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Bulgaria
Neoclassical church buildings in Bulgaria
The statue of James II is a bronze sculpture located in the front garden of the National Gallery in Trafalgar Square , London , United Kingdom . Probably inspired by French statues of the same period , it depicts James II of England as a Roman emperor , wearing Roman armour and a laurel wreath ( traditionally awarded to a victorious Roman commander ) . It originally also depicted them holding a baton . It was produced by the workshop of Grinling Gibbons . The execution was most likely , according to contemporary accounts , the work of the Flemish sculptors Peter van Dievoet and Laurens van der Meulen , rather than of Gibbons himself . The statue has been relocated several times since it was first erected in the grounds of the old Palace of Whitehall in 1686 , only two years before James II was deposed .
Description
The statue is executed in bronze and depicts James II as a Roman emperor . They are shown standing in a contrapposto pose and pointing downwards in `` great ease of attitude and a certain serenity of air '' , as Allan Cunningham described it . It formerly held a baton in its right hand , though this is now missing . The face is said to be an excellent depiction of the king . Unusually for the time , the sculptor sought a degree of fidelity to original classical styles ; James is depicted wearing a laurel wreath on top of short hair , whereas other imperial-style statues of both Charles II and James II depicted the two kings with an anachronistic combination of Roman armour and a 17th-century periwig .
The statue was probably inspired by similar imperial portrayals of Louis XIV of France . One in particular , a colossal statue by Martin Desjardins of the French king wearing Roman armour with a laurel wreath and baton , is so similar in type to the figures of Charles II and James II that it may have been their direct inspiration .
The plinth is inscribed with the legend JACOBUS SECUNDUS/ DEI GRATIA/ ANGLIÆ SCOTIÆ/ FRANCIÆ ET/ HIBERNIÆ/ REX/ FIDEI DEFENSOR/ ANNO M.D.C.LXXXVI , which translates to : `` James II , by the grace of God , King of England , Scotland , France and Ireland . Defender of the Faith . 1686 . ''
History
The statue of James II is one of three of the Stuart monarchs commissioned by the royal servant Tobias Rustat from Grinling Gibbons 's workshop in the 1670s and '80s , the others being of James 's brother and predecessor Charles II : an equestrian statue in Windsor Castle and a standing figure at the Royal Hospital in Chelsea . The statue of James II was commissioned for the Palace of Whitehall , apparently at the same time as the standing Charles II , and the two works might have been intended as pendant pieces . It was produced in the workshop of Grinling Gibbons at a reported cost of £300 ( equivalent to about £42,000 at 2014 prices ) . While the work was long attributed to Gibbons himself , large-scale sculptures were not their forte . Contemporary accounts attribute it to sculptors Peter van Dievoet of Brussels who came to London to cast this statue , and Laurens van der Meulen of Mechelen .
The James II was erected at the Palace of Whitehall on 24 March 1686 , as recorded by a contemporary , Sir John Bramston the Younger . George Vertue , who found an agreement and a receipt of payment for the work , wrote that it was `` modelled & made by Lawrence Vandermeulen ( of Brussels ) [ sic ] ... & Devoot [ i.e . Peter Van Dievoet ] ( of Mechlin ) [ sic ] who was imployed [ sic ] by ... Gibbons '' , and that Thomas Benniere was involved in the casting . A series of five drawings in the British Museum , which might be for either the standing Charles II or the James II , is attributed variously to Gibbons or to Van Dievoet . Its artistic qualities were praised by J. P. Malcolm in their 1803 history , London Redivivum , in which they wrote :
James II 's statue has stood in several locations since it was first erected . It originally stood in the Palace of Whitehall 's Pebble Court , where it was installed on New Year 's Day , 1686 . It was situated behind the Banqueting House and faced the river , a position which attracted much satirical comment after James ' flight from London during the Glorious Revolution of 1688 ; it was said that the statue 's location indicated their method of escape .
It was taken down after the Glorious Revolution but was replaced by order of William III . In 1898 it was moved to a location in the garden of Gwydyr House , but was taken down four years later to make room for the stands for the coronation of Edward VII . It lay on its back amid grass and weeds in a state of total neglect until it was re-erected in 1903 outside the New Admiralty building , but was displaced again when the Admiralty Citadel was built in 1940 . During the Second World War it was put into storage at Aldwych tube station . It was relocated to its present site in 1947 . The statue is listed by Historic England as a Grade I listed building , a status which it was granted in 1970 .
References
Bibliography
George Vertue and Horace Walpole , Anecdotes of painting in England , London , 1765 , vol . III , p. 91 .
George Vertue , Note Books , ed . Walpole Society , Oxford , 1930–1947 , vol . I , pp . 61 , 82 , 106 ; vol . IV , p. 50 .
Antoine-Nicolas Dézallier d'Argenville , de l'Académie Royale des Belles-Lettres de la Rochelle , Vie des fameux sculpteurs depuis la renaissance des arts , avec la description de leurs ouvrages , Paris , chez Debure l'aîné , 1787 , tome II , pp . 101–102 .
Katherine Gibson , `` The emergence of Grinling Gibbons as a statuary '' , published in Apollo , September 1999 .
Alain Van Dievoet , `` Un disciple belge de Grinling Gibbons , le sculpteur Pierre van Dievoet ( 1661–1729 ) et son œuvre à Londres et Bruxelles '' , in : Le Folklore brabançon , March 1980 , vol . 225 , pp . 65–91 ( with description and history ) .
External links
1686 establishments in England
1686 sculptures
Art by Peter Van Dievoet
Bronze sculptures in the United Kingdom
James II
James II of England
Relocated buildings and structures in the United Kingdom
James II
James II
Trafalgar Square
Andrew Walter Little ( birth unknown – death unknown ) was a Scottish rugby union and professional rugby league footballer .
Rugby union
They were capped once for in 1905 . They also played for Hawick RFC .
Rugby league
Little transferred to Wigan in 1905–6 .
County Cup Final appearances
Jack Barton played Prop , i.e . number 3 ( in a 15-player team ) , in Wigan 's 0–0 draw with Leigh in the 1905 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1905–06 season at Wheater 's Field , Broughton , on Saturday 2 December 1905 , but was replaced by Peter Vickers in the 8–0 victory over Leigh in the 1905 Lancashire County Cup Final replay during the 1905–06 season at Wheater 's Field , Broughton , on Monday 11 December 1905 .
References
Bath , Richard ( ed . ) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany ( Vision Sports Publishing Ltd , 2007 )
External links
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
Hawick RFC players
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby league players
Scottish rugby union players
Wigan Warriors players
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Rugby articles needing expert attention
Rugby league players from Hawick
Rugby union players from Hawick
The Shrike is a play written by American dramatist Joseph Kramm . The play won the 1952 Pulitzer Prize for Drama .
Plot
The play , set in the mental ward of a city hospital , revolves around a theatrical director named Jim Downs , who has been driven to the verge of insanity and suicide by their estranged wife Ann .
To outsiders , Ann seems to epitomize sweetness , kindness and graciousness . In reality , they are a bitter , manipulative shrew . Like the shrike , a small predatory bird that kills and impales its prey , Ann seems harmless but their coercion of Jim incapacitates their free will and traps them under their control .
Ann married Jim in hopes that they eventually would gain wealth and stardom , and so their lack of success galls them Them mockery and nagging led Jim to a suicide attempt when they swallowed a bottle of sleeping pills . The play opens with Jim 's being admitted to the hospital , where doctors manage to save their lives . Upon waking , Jim discovers that they are legally trapped in the hospital because the psychiatrists deem them a threat to themselves and others and are unwilling to release him .
Ann regularly visits Jim at the hospital , supposedly to provide comfort and love , but really to continue their hectoring and manipulation of him . They are able to charm the doctors , who usually accede to their wishes and follow their advice as to what is best for Jim .
Jim comes to realize that the only way to secure their freedom is by cooperating with Ann , who has exploited the situation to regain power over their husband . In the end , Jim is released into Ann 's care , thus moving from one type of prison to another .
Original production
It was Kramm 's ninth play but their first professionally produced one .
José Ferrer was attached to the project in June 1950 . It was going to be produced by Jed Harris , then Aldirch and Myers , and Ferrer decided to produce it .
The Shrike premiered on Broadway at the Cort Theater on January 15 , 1952 and closed on May 31 , 1952 after 161 performances . José Ferrer was the producer , director and star ( as Jim Downs ) . The cast featured Judith Evelyn ( Ann Downs ) , Somer Alberg ( Dr. Schlesinger ) , James Hawthorne Bay ( Perkins ) , and Mary Bell ( Miss Wingate ) . Ferrer could only make a limited engagement because they were needed for Moulin Rouge .
The New York Times called it `` a plausible melodrama that is likely to scare the living daylights out of you . ''
Awards
Kramm received the 1952 Pulitzer Prize for Drama .
José Ferrer won the 1952 Tony Award , Actor in a Play and Direction .
Revivals
The play was revived on Broadway at New York City Center , running from November 25 , 1953 to December 6 , 1953 . Ferrer and Kramm directed , and Ferrer and Judith Evelyn starred .
Van Heflin toured in the play .
In a 1955 production starring Dane Clark , actor Isabel Bonner , who was married to the author , died during a performance on stage of a brain hemorrhage .
Film adaptation
The play was adapted for a 1955 film starring José Ferrer and June Allyson .
References
External links
1952 plays
American plays
Broadway plays
Pulitzer Prize for Drama-winning works
Cabanis 's spinetail ( Synallaxis cabanisi ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . The common name and Latin binomial commemorates the German ornithologist Jean Louis Cabanis .
Range and habitat
It is found in the Andes ' eastern slopes and foothills of Bolivia and Peru . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest .
References
Cabanis 's spinetail
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
Cabanis 's spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Music of Coal : Mining Songs from the Appalachian Coalfields is a 70-page book and two CD compilation of old and new music from southern Appalachian coalfields . The project was produced by Jack Wright and is a benefit for the Lonesome Pine Office on Youth in Wise County , Virginia .
The songs included cover a range of topics related to coal culture such as mining accidents and black lung disease . Some of the artists are natives of the U.S. coal mining region while others have less direct ties . Both vintage recordings and contemporary music have been combined with detailed liner notes giving context to both the songs and the artists . Musicologist Archie Green adds a `` Sanctus '' note to Wright 's `` Introduction . ''
In the preliminary round of nominations for the 50th Grammy Awards the boxed set was under consideration for a number of awards , including , Best Recording Package , Best Liner Notes and Best Historical Album. < ref > '' Music of Coal earns Grammy Nominations '' , Kingsport Times-News , October 6 , 2007 < /ref > The compilation did not , however , make it the final round of nominees .
Track listing
Volume one
`` Down in a Coal Mine ( Excerpt ) '' - 1:25
The Edison Concert Band
`` Mining Camp Blues '' - 2:59
Trixie Smith
`` Sprinkle Coal Dust on My Grave '' - 2:46
Orville Jenks
`` Coal Miner 's Blues '' - 3:04
The Carter Family
`` Hard Times in Coleman 's Mine '' - 2:36
Aunt Molly Jackson
`` He 's Only a Miner Killed in the Ground '' - 2:35
Ted Chestnut
`` Coal Black Mining Blues '' - 1:13
Nimrod Workman
`` ‘ 31 Depression Blues '' - 2:52
Ed Sturgill
`` Prayer of a Miner 's Child '' - 1:51
Dock Boggs
`` That Twenty-Five Cents You Paid '' - 2:25
Sarah Ogan Gunning
`` The L & N Do n't Stop Here Anymore '' - 3:10
Jean Ritchie
`` Dark as a Dungeon '' - 1:55
Merle Travis
`` Come All You Coal Miners '' - 2:21
The Reel World String Band
`` My Sweetheart 's the Mule in the Mines '' - 0:22
Mike Kline
`` Thirty Inch Coal '' - 2:36
Hobo Jack Adkins
`` Black Waters '' - 3:38
Jim Ringer
`` Roof Boltin ' Daddy '' - 2:26
Gene Carpenter
`` Dream of a Miner 's Child '' - 2:46
Carter Stanley
`` Coal Miner 's Boogie '' - 2:57
George Davis
`` The Yablonski Murder '' - 3:00
Hazel Dickens
`` What Are We Gon na Do ? '' - 3:01
Dorothy Myles
`` Explosion at Derby Mine '' - 4:02
Charlie Maggard
`` Blind Fiddler '' - 3:05
Jim “ Bud ” Stanley
`` Loadin ' Coal '' - 2:29
John Hutchison
`` Coal Town Saturday Night '' - 3:06
Randall Hylton
`` It 's Been a Long Time '' - 3:15
Sonny Houston & Roger Hall
`` Fountain Filled with Blood '' - 3:56
Elder James Caudill & Choir
Volume two
`` West Virginia Mine Disaster '' - 2:48
Molly Slemp
`` Union Man '' - 3:36
Blue Highway
`` Blue Diamond Mines '' - 4:26
Robin & Linda Williams
`` Set Yourself Free '' - :50
Billy Gene Mullins
`` Redneck War '' - 5:22
Ron Short
`` Sixteen Tons '' - 2:32
Ned Beatty
`` There Will Be No Black Lung in Heaven '' - 2:05
Rev . Joe Freeman
`` Deep Mine Blues '' - 3:45
Nick Stump
`` I 'm a Coal Mining Man '' - 2:22
Tom T. Hall
`` Dirty Black Coal '' - 4:27
Kenneth Davis
`` Black Lung '' - 3:21
AJ Roach
`` Coal Dust Kisses '' - 4:06
Suzanne Mumpower-Johnson
`` Coal Tattoo '' ( Billy Edd Wheeler ) - 4:06
Dale Jett
`` A Strip Miner 's Life '' - 3:00
Don Stanley & Middle Creek
`` Daddy 's Dinner Bucket '' - 3:26
Ralph Stanley II
`` In Those Mines '' - 3:43
Valerie Smith
`` Miner 's Prayer '' - 3:14
Ralph Stanley & Dwight Yoakam
`` Dyin ' To Make A Livin ' '' - 3:47
W.V . Hill ( of Foddershock )
`` You 'll Never Leave Harlan Alive '' - 6:06
Darrell Scott
`` They Ca n't Put It Back '' - 2:31
Jack Wright
`` Which Side Are You On ? '' - 5:04
Natalie Merchant
References
Further reading/listening
`` Music of Coal rings so true '' by Cheryl Truman , Lexington Herald Leader , October 25 , 2007
`` CD Celebrates Music from the Coal Mines '' by Melissa Block , All Things Considered , NPR , September 3 , 2007
Archie Green , Only a Miner : Studies in Recorded Coal-Mining Songs '' ( University of Illinois Press , 1972 ) .
External links
Music of Coal , official web site
Music of Coal page at the Lonesome Pine Office on Youth
Folk albums by American artists
Regional music compilation albums
Coal mining
2007 compilation albums
Folk compilation albums
Blues compilation albums
Bluegrass compilation albums
Country music compilation albums
Grottammare is a town and comune on Italy 's Adriatic coast , in the province of Ascoli Piceno , Marche region .
The town is crossed by the 43rd parallel north . Economy is mostly based on summer tourism ; other sectors include food and vegetables production , mechanics , and commerce .
People
Pope Sixtus V ( 1521–1590 ) , born here
Pericle Fazzini ( 1913–1987 ) , artist , created the bronze sculpture La Resurrezione at Paul VI Audience Hall in Vatican City
Sister towns
Naples , Italy
Sal , Cape Verde
Gjirokastër , Albania
Itiúba , Brazil
Sant'Agata de ' Goti , Italy
See also
Riviera delle Palme ( Marche )
External links
Red Pepper , August 2004 , `` Local Democracy Italian style ''
Coastal towns in the Marche
Kwun Tong Government Secondary School ( ; often abbreviated as KTGSS ) is a co-educational and E.M.I . ( English as Medium of Instruction ) school . It was founded in 1982 . It is located at 9 Shun Chi Street , Shun Chi Court , Shun Lee , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
See also
Education in Hong Kong
List of schools in Hong Kong
External links
Kwun Tong Government Secondary School website
Educational institutions established in 1982
Government schools in Hong Kong
Shun Lee
Secondary schools in Hong Kong
1982 establishments in Hong Kong
The Vindicator is a daily newspaper serving Youngstown , Ohio , United States and the Mahoning County region as well as southern Trumbull County and northern Columbiana County . The Vindicator was established in 1869 . As of September 1 , 2019 , The Vindicator is owned by Ogden Newspapers Inc. of Wheeling , West Virginia . The Tribune Chronicle and The Vindicator are published by Charles Jarvis , with Brenda Linert as editor . The new owners of The Vindicator announced a welcome to the new version of the Vindicator .
History ( 1869-1984 )
The paper began in 1869 when it launched as The Mahoning Vindicator . The paper became the Youngstown Vindicator shortly after . During the 1920s , Ku Klux Klan members began protesting outside of then owner William F. Maag , Jr. 's house in response to the paper 's reporting of local KKK activities . Its reporting on the KKK , the mafia , political corruption , and big business matters garnered the paper a reputation of fearlessness . Almost 70 politicians , mafia members , and business people were convicted of criminal acts as a result of the paper 's reporting in the late 1980s . In 1984 , the paper became The Vindicator .
The Vindicator 's past owners
Before September 1 , 2019 , The Vindicator was locally owned by the Maag family ( longtime area residents ) and run by the now ceased Vindicator Printing Company , which still runs local NBC affiliate WFMJ-TV and WFMJ 's digital subchannel , CW affiliate WBCB . Historically , the paper is known for its reputation of fearless reporting on matters relating to local corruption , the mafia , and the Ku Klux Klan .
On August 16 , 2019 , The Vindicator and Tribune Chronicle reached an agreement for the Tribune Chronicle to acquire The Vindicator 's subscription list , The Vindicator masthead and the Vindy.com domain , according to The Vindicator former general manager Mark Brown . After August 31 , 2019 , The Vindicator temporarily ceased publication and operations were turned over to the staff of its former primary competitor , the Tribune Chronicle , in nearby Warren , Ohio . The Tribune Chronicle 's traditional news coverage area is Trumbull County and parts of northeastern Portage County as opposed to the broader news coverage area of The Vindicator . The Tribune Chronicle has now published The Vindicator for the Mahoning County region since September 1 , 2019 .
Switching eras
The Vindicator published a special final edition from the former owners of The Vindicator Printing Company on the evening of August 30 , 2019 . The former staff gathered that evening to print more than 34,000 of the final edition papers . The paper produced around 3,500 more copies than usual to meet the high demand for the final printing . The former employees , their families and friends gathered at the former press room at 9 o'clock August , 30 , 2019 evening to see the former printing presses fired up one last time . The former staff members included Publisher Betty Brown Jagnow , General Manager Mark Brown , Editor Todd Franko , Politics & Community Columnist Bertram de Souza and Chief Photographer Robert K. Yosay .
Sections ( before August 31 , 2019 )
Monday through Saturday , the newspaper publishes three sections :
Local and national news as well as editorial ( Section A )
Sports and weather ( Section B )
Classifieds , Valley Life and comics ( Section C )
Each Thursday before August 31 , 2019 , The Vindicator prints Valley 24 , a tabloid style entertainment guide for the coming weekend . On Saturdays , a TV listings magazine is included . The Sunday edition is , like most other newspapers , greatly expanded . Each Sunday , The Vindicator publishes a page entitled `` Connected '' which includes curated , Youngstown-themed social media posts and a column written by social media researcher and critic Adam Earnheardt . In addition to the sections mentioned , there is also sections dedicated to business , entertainment , life and work , and health , among others . As of September 1 , 2019 , TICKET , a special section produced by the Tribune Chronicle and led by Andy Gray , the Tribune Chronicle 's veteran entertainment writer , each Thursday has provided award-winning coverage of the local entertainment scene . TICKET now will be published in The Vindicator edition as well .
Websites ( before August 31 , 2019 )
The Vindicator operated four primary websites : the news and information site vindy.com ; a local employment portal vindyjobs.com ; vindywheels.com , a local automotive shopping site ; and vindyhomes.com , a local real estate site .
The vast majority of content available on vindy.com is provided at no charge . There is , however , a `` digital edition '' available on the site at the same subscription rate as the printed edition . It is delivered in PDF format .
The Vindicator breaks local news on its primary website , vindy.com , throughout the day and night . This feature is branded `` News Watch '' and is updated more frequently than the general site . As of September 1 , 2019 , vindy.com is controlled by the Tribune Chronicle . The vindy.com website , post September 1 , 2019 , is a completely new website and does not host any older articles or content archives . Additionally , the Disqus commenting system which was on the previous website is gone as the new owners have opted for comment free articles . The older articles and content archives can be found by the old owners at vindyarchives.com website .
Strike action
The paper 's staff has gone on strike twice . The first strike was in 1964 and lasted nearly eight months ; the strikers published the Steel Valley News during this time . The second strike lasted from November 2004 to July 2005 , and the strikers published their own paper , The Valley Voice , during this time .
Editorial changes
Prior to August 31 , 2019 , Todd Franko , metro editor of The Rockford Register Star in Illinois , was named editor of The Vindicator on February 12 , 2007 . They succeed Paul C. Jagnow , who retired in 2006 . As of September 1 , 2019 , The Vindicator is now published by Tribune Chronicle of which Brenda Linert is the editor .
References
Newspapers published in Ohio
Youngstown , Ohio
Publications established in 1869
1869 establishments in Ohio
External links
The Vindicator at Library of Congress
Archives
Archives via Google News
September 1984-June 2009
Vindy Archives via Vindicator Printing Co .
March 2001-August 2019
The Tulane Green Wave college baseball team represents Tulane University in the American Athletic Conference ( AAC ) . The Green Wave compete as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I . The team has had 24 head coaches since it started playing organized baseball in the 1893 season .
Key
Coaches
Sources :
Notes
References
Lists of college baseball head coaches in the United States
Tulane Green Wave baseball coaches
The Cap-Rouge river ( ) is a river flowing on the north shore of the Saint-Laurent river at the height of the Sainte-Foy–Sillery–Cap-Rouge borough of Quebec City and in the city of Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures , both cities in the administrative region of Capitale-Nationale , in the province of Quebec , Canada .
The catchment area of the Cap Rouge river extends into :
the regional county municipality ( MRC ) of La Jacques-Cartier Regional County Municipality : in the Sainte-Catherine-de-la-Jacques-Cartier ;
the agglomeration of Quebec : L'Ancienne-Lorette , Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures and the city of Quebec .
The Cap Rouge river valley is mainly served by the route 367 ( route de Fossambault ) which is perpendicular to the Saint-Laurent river , the `` chemin du rang des Mines '' ( on the south shore from the top ) , route 138 ( boulevard Wilfrid-Hamel ) , boulevard Auclair , avenue Le Gendre , boulevard de la Chaudière , rue Provencher and rue Saint-Félix .
The surface of the Cap Rouge river ( except the rapids areas ) is generally frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March ; safe circulation on the ice is generally done from the end of December to the beginning of March . The water level of the river varies with the seasons and the precipitation ; the spring flood occurs in March or April .
Geography
The river begins on the slopes of Mount Bélair and the Butte du Petit-Capsa , at the foothills of the Laurentian Mountains , and flows before ending in the Quebec City neighbourhood of Cap-Rouge as a left tributary of the Saint Lawrence River . It is also at the junction of those rivers that is located the archeological site of Charlesbourg-Royal , the earliest known French settlement in North America .
Its watershed also encompasses parts of La Jacques-Cartier Regional County Municipality , L'Ancienne-Lorette , La Haute-Saint-Charles and Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures. , where agricultural activities are found and which puts the river at risk of agricultural pollution . Measurements of ammoniacal nitrogen , nitrate and phosphorus were however all classified as `` good '' in 2016 .
The main neighboring hydrographic slopes are :
west : the Noire River ( rivière aux Pommes ) and the Rivière à Matte , in the Neuville sector ;
northwest : the Rivière aux Pommes ;
south : the slope of Saint-Augustin Lake and the Rivière des Roches ;
north : Notre-Dame brook , Lorette River , Saint-Charles River .
On its course , the river crosses the districts : `` Le Grand Village '' , `` Quartier Laurentien '' , Jouvence and Cap-Rouge . At the end of the route , the river passes under the Tracel de Cap-Rouge , a raised railway bridge operated by the Canadian National . The river flows into the cove of Cap Rouge in the St. Lawrence River . In Quebec City , the municipal parks of Champigny , Écores and Lorraine are also located on the banks of the river , in addition to several kilometers of trails .
From its source , the Cap Rouge river flows over , with a drop of , according to the following segments :
eastwards in the forest zone , up to the bridge of Rang Petit-Capsa in Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures ;
to the southeast , first in the forest zone , then in the agricultural zone by cutting the 4th range west road , the Canadian National railway , the 3rd range west , to Grand-Village stream ( coming from the southwest ) ;
towards the northeast by crossing the 3rd range road ( west of the hamlet Le Grand-Village ) , the Fossambault road , by collecting the Béland stream ( coming from the north- west ) , the Yellow stream ( coming from the northwest ) and the Bélair stream ( coming from the north ) , and entering the territory of Sainte-Foy-Sillery-Cap-Rouge at the end of the segment , until the Lorette River ( coming from the north ) ;
to the east by forming large streamers where municipal parks are laid out , crossing the chemin du rang Saint-Denis , up to boulevard Wilfrid-Hamel ( route 138 ) ;
towards the northeast in an urban area , making a curve to the south and forming several serpentines , crossing the Jean-Gauvin road and the Jules-Vernes avenue , until the highway 40 ;
to the south in an urban area , by cutting avenue Blaise-Pascal , rue Provancher , boulevard de la Chaudière , rue Augustin-Bourbeau , the Canadian Pacific Railway bridge and rue Saint-Félix , to its mouth .
Toponymy
The toponym `` Cap Rouge river '' originates from Cape Rouge . The Cap Rouge river is sometimes called `` Rivière du Domaine '' because it crosses the former seigneurial domain of Gaudarville . Explorer Jacques Cartier describes it for the first time . At high tide , it is navigable for more than a kilometer ; Consequently , in the 19th century , the ferry service was abandoned and replaced by a swing bridge on Chemin du Roy . Thus , the boats and the barges can go up the course of the river to transport the cereals to the mill , the wood and the other goods of the inhabitants and the traders as well as the raw materials , the coal and the finished products of the manufacture of pottery of Cap-Rouge . In addition , its mouth allows the establishment of a small shipyard where at least two ships are built and launched . From the middle of the 18th century , the waters of the river also provided the driving force for operating mills for grinding grain and sawing wood .
The toponym `` Cap Rouge River '' was formalized on December 5 , 1968 at the Commission de toponymie du Québec .
See also
La Jacques-Cartier Regional County Municipality
Québec , a city
Sainte-Catherine-de-la-Jacques-Cartier , a city
L'Ancienne-Lorette , une ville
Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures , une ville
Lorette River
Saint Lawrence river
List of rivers of Quebec
References
External links
Portrait du bassin versant de la rivière du Cap Rouge ( English : Portrait of the Cap Rouge river watershed ) ( 2009 ) , 106 pages
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Tributaries of the Saint Lawrence River
Flip City may refer to :
a phrase uttered by Cheech Marin on the 1974 Joni Mitchell album Court and Spark
a 1974-75 pub rock band featuring Elvis Costello
a Glenn Frey song from the Ghostbusters II soundtrack
a song by The Flyin ' Ryan Brothers from their 1999 album Colorama
the fictional hometown of the cartoon RollBots
an indoor trampoline park located in Palmerston North
Philip Goettel ( September 2 , 1840 – January 30 , 1920 ) was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor .
Goettel was born in Syracuse , where they entered service . They were awarded the Medal of Honor , for extraordinary heroism shown in Lookout Mountain , Tennessee , when they captured a flag and battery guidon while serving as a Private with the Company B of the 149th New York Infantry on November 24 , 1863 . Their Medal of Honor was issued on June 28 , 1865 .
Goettel died in their native Syracuse on January 30 , 1920 , and was buried at Syracuse 's Woodlawn Cemetery .
Medal of Honor citation
References
External links
Philip Goettel grave at Woodlawn Cemetery ( Syracuse , New York )
An essay on Goettel 's life and their medal at Gettysburg College
1840 births
1920 deaths
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Burials in New York ( state )
Military personnel from Syracuse , New York
People of New York ( state ) in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
Burials at Woodlawn Cemetery ( Syracuse , New York )
Allan Robert Wilson ( August 20 , 1894 – December 3 , 1940 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player . They played with the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey Association during the 1913–14 season .
Wilson , a defenceman , was also a member of the New Glasgow Cubs of the Maritime Professional Hockey League in 1912–13 .
References
Notes
1894 births
1940 deaths
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Ottawa Senators ( NHA ) players
People from Pembroke , Ontario
Umm Tina ( ) , also called Biʾir al-ʿUmrānī ( ) , was among the most crucial and ancient wells in the former Migrin neighborhood of present-day Riyadh , Saudi Arabia . It was called Umm Tina because a huge fig-tree standing next to it . It was frequently mentioned in several poems and historical documents from 18th and 19th centuries .
References
Water wells
The AKLT model is an extension of the one-dimensional quantum Heisenberg spin model . The proposal and exact solution of this model by Ian Affleck , Elliott H. Lieb , Tom Kennedy and provided crucial insight into the physics of the spin-1 Heisenberg chain . It has also served as a useful example for such concepts as valence bond solid order , symmetry-protected topological order and matrix product state wavefunctions .
Background
A major motivation for the AKLT model was the Majumdar–Ghosh chain . Because two out of every set of three neighboring spins in a Majumdar–Ghosh ground state are paired into a singlet , or valence bond , the three spins together can never be found to be in a spin 3/2 state . In fact , the Majumdar–Ghosh Hamiltonian is nothing but the sum of all projectors of three neighboring spins onto a 3/2 state .
The main insight of the AKLT paper was that this construction could be generalized to obtain exactly solvable models for spin sizes other than 1/2 . Just as one end of a valence bond is a spin 1/2 , the ends of two valence bonds can be combined into a spin 1 , three into a spin 3/2 , etc .
Definition
Affleck et al . were interested in constructing a one-dimensional state with a valence bond between every pair of sites . Because this leads to two spin 1/2s for every site , the result must be the wavefunction of a spin 1 system .
For every adjacent pair of the spin 1s , two of the four constituent spin 1/2s are stuck in a total spin zero state . Therefore , each pair of spin 1s is forbidden from being in a combined spin 2 state .
By writing this condition as a sum of projectors that favor the spin 2 state of pairs of spin 1s , AKLT arrived at the following Hamiltonian
up to a constant ,
where they are spin-1 operators , and the local 2-point projector that favors the spin 2 state of an adjacent pair of spins .
This Hamiltonian is similar to the spin 1 , one-dimensional quantum Heisenberg spin model but has an additional `` biquadratic '' spin interaction term .
Ground state
By construction , the ground state of the AKLT Hamiltonian is the valence bond solid with a single valence bond connecting every neighboring pair of sites . Pictorially , this may be represented as
Here the solid points represent spin 1/2s which are put into singlet states . The lines connecting the spin 1/2s are the valence bonds indicating the pattern of singlets . The ovals are projection operators which `` tie '' together two spin 1/2s into a single spin 1 , projecting out the spin 0 or singlet subspace and keeping only the spin 1 or triplet subspace . The symbols `` + '' , `` 0 '' and `` − '' label the standard spin 1 basis states ( eigenstates of the operator ) .
Spin 1/2 edge states
For the case of spins arranged in a ring ( periodic boundary conditions ) the AKLT construction yields a unique ground state . But for the case of an open chain , the first and
last spin 1 have only a single neighbor , leaving one of their constituent spin 1/2s unpaired . As a result , the ends of the chain behave like free spin 1/2 moments even though
the system consists of spin 1s only .
The spin 1/2 edge states of the AKLT chain can be observed in a few different ways . For short chains , the edge states mix into a singlet or a triplet giving either a unique ground state or a three-fold multiplet of ground states . For longer chains , the edge states decouple exponentially quickly as a function of chain length leading to a ground state manifold that is four-fold degenerate . By using a numerical method such as DMRG to measure the local magnetization along the chain , it is also possible to see the edge states directly and to show that they can be removed by placing actual spin 1/2s at the ends . It has even proved possible to detect the spin 1/2 edge states in measurements of a quasi-1D magnetic compound containing a small amount of impurities whose role is to break the chains into finite segments . In 2021 , a direct spectroscopic signature of spin 1/2 edge states was found in isolated quantum spin chains built out of triangulene , a spin 1 polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon .
Matrix product state representation
The simplicity of the AKLT ground state allows it to be represented in compact form as a matrix product state .
This is a wavefunction of the form
Here the As are a set of three matrices labeled by and the trace comes from assuming periodic boundary conditions .
The AKLT ground state wavefunction corresponds to the choice :
where is a Pauli matrix .
Generalizations and extensions
The AKLT model has been solved on lattices of higher dimension , even in quasicrystals . The model has also been constructed for higher Lie algebras including SU ( n ) , SO ( n ) , Sp ( n ) and extended to the quantum groups SUq ( n ) .
References
Spin models
Statistical mechanics
Quantum magnetism
Lattice models
Toros Peak ( , ) is the rocky twin summit peak rising to 2961 m in Zinsmeister Ridge on the northeast side of Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range , Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica , and surmounting Dater Glacier to the east and its tributary Hinkley Glacier to the northwest .
The peak is named after the settlement of Toros in Northern Bulgaria .
Location
Toros Peak is located at , which is 1.66 km northeast of Vanand Peak , 5.16 km south-southeast of Mount Segers and 7.38 km west of Mount Waldron . US mapping in 1961 , updated in 1988 .
Maps
Vinson Massif . Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps . Reston , Virginia : US Geological Survey , 1988 .
D. Gildea and C. Rada . Vinson Massif and the Sentinel Range . Scale 1:50 000 topographic maps . Omega Foundation , 2007 .
Antarctic Digital Database ( ADD ) . Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica . Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research ( SCAR ) . Since 1993 , regularly updated .
Notes
References
Toros Peak . SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer .
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer . Antarctic Place-names Commission . ( details in Bulgarian , basic data in English )
External links
Toros Peak . Copernix satellite image
Ellsworth Mountains
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
The Tamsui Old Street ( ) is a street in Tamsui District , New Taipei , Taiwan .
Features
The street is lined with shops selling traditional pastries , A-gei , Iron Eggs , fish balls , fried fish crackers .
There are also prominent century-old Chinese temples like Fuyou Temple ( 淡水福佑宮 ) built in 1796 and Qingshui Temple ( 淡水清水巖 ) located in this area .
Transportation
The street is accessible within walking distance north west from Tamsui Station of Taipei Metro .
See also
List of roads in Taiwan
List of tourist attractions in Taiwan
References
Streets in Taipei
Guitarded is the second album by the San Francisco Bay Area pop punk band , Limp , released on February 23 , 1999 . The album was critically described as `` by-the-numbers pop-punk '' by Andy Hinds . Despite the lack of critical acclaim , the album gained popularity through heavy rotation on college radio , giving it more airplay than any other Honest Don 's Records album . As with the band 's other albums , it was produced by Ryan Greene . Mark deSalvo designed the album cover.Leslie West used this album 's title and cover art for their 2004 album of the same name .
Track listing
`` Entertainer '' – 2:31
`` Bike Ride '' – 1:45
`` Passed Out '' – 2:26
`` Lost and Found '' – 3:29
`` Fine Girl '' – 1:04
`` Decision '' – 2:17
`` Bag Lunch '' – 2:32
`` Tomorrow '' – 4:11
`` Ten Minutes '' – 2:29
`` The Critic '' – 1:58
`` Better Reason '' – 2:52
`` DI '' – 2:36
References
Honest Don 's Records albums
Limp ( band ) albums
1999 albums
Albums produced by Ryan Greene
Vanessa Davies ( born 1969 ) is a Venezuelan journalist .
Early life and education
Davies was born in El Tigre , Anzoátegui state , and studied social communication at the Central University of Venezuela ( UCV ) .
Career
As a reporter for El Nacional , Davies published reports about abuses by security and military deployed by Hugo Chávez , who initially denied the allegations . Davies was subsequently subpoenaed for questioning by the DISIP , which was criticized by Foreign Minister José Vicente Rangel , and followed by an admission by the Chávez government that security forces had killed more than sixty people in December 1999 . Davies wrote an open letter calling for an investigation by the Prosecutor General 's Office . Chávez invited Davies to accompany them to question the families they had interviewed , and Chávez then promised to improve human rights in Venezuela .
During their career at El Nacional , they also published two articles about `` transgender and transformista life '' in Venezuela . In 2006 , the El Nacional publishing house published their book for teenagers about HIV/AIDS , titled VIH/Sida , Biografía de una pandemia ( HIV/AIDS , Biography of a Pandemic ) .
Davies was the host of the investigative journalism program , Contragolpe , on Venezuelan television channel , VTV , until 10 March 2014 .
From 2009 to January 2016 , Davies worked as the editor of the Venezuelan newspaper , Correo del Orinoco .
Political activities
In 2008 and 2009 , they were a member of the United Socialist Party of Venezuela and served as a member of the national executive of the party as well as coordinator of media and communication .
References
Further reading
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Venezuelan women journalists
21st-century Venezuelan women writers
Vishwanath ( also spelt Viswanath , Vishvanath , Viswanatha ) is an Indian surname and given name . It is of Hindu origin and derives from višvanatha , meaning `` lord of the universe '' ( from višva , `` universe '' + natha , `` lord , '' an epithet of the god Shiva ) , including the Tamil-Malayalam third-person masculine singular suffix -n , -m. It may refer to :
Films
Justice Viswanathan , 1971 Indian Tamil language film
Kashi Vishwanath , a 2019 Indian film
Lawyer Viswanath , a 1978 Indian film
Vishwanath ( 1978 film ) , a Hindi film directed by Subhash Ghai
Vishwanath ( 1996 film ) , a Tamil film directed by K. Goutham
Viswanatha Nayakudu , a 1987 Indian Telugu film
Viswanathan Ramamoorthy , 2001 Indian Tamil film
Viswanathan Velai Venum , a 1985 Indian Tamil film
People
Given name
Vishwanath Bhatt ( 1898 – 1968 ) , Gujarati literary critic and lexicographer
Vishwanath Bhoir , Indian politician
Vishwanath Bondre ( 1936 – 2014 ) , Indian cricketer
Vishwanath Das Shastri , Indian politician
Vishwanath Datta , Bengali barrister , philanthropist and novelist
Vishwanath Dev Gajapati ( 1500 - 1571 ) , a Kalinga king
Vishwanath Jadhav ( 1885−1964 ) , Indian classical khyal singer
Vishwanath Kashinath Rajwade ( 1863 – 1926 ) , Indian historian , scholar , writer , commentator
Vishwanath Mahadeshwar ( born 1960 ) , Indian politician
Vishwanath Meghwal , Indian politician
Vishvanath Narayan Mandlik ( 1833 – 1899 ) , Indian legal expert on Hindu law
Viswanatha Nayak , Vijayanagara viceroy to Madurai , during the 16th century
Vishwanath Patil , Indian politician
Vishwanath Prasad Tiwari ( born 1940 ) , Indian poet , editor , critic
Vishwanath Pratap Singh ( 1931–2008 ) , seventh Prime Minister of India
Vishwanath Rao Ringe ( born 1922 ) , Hindustani Classical Music vocalist and composer
Vishwanath Reddy Mudnal , Indian politician
Vishwanath Shahdeo ( 1817 – 1858 ) , king of Barkagarh estate and a rebel in the Indian rebellion of 1857
Vishwanath Sharma , Indian politician
Vishwanath Shastri , Indian politician
Vishwanath Tamasker , Indian politician
Vishwanath Tripathi ( born 1931 ) , Indian writer
Vishwanath Vaishampayan ( 1910 – 1967 ) , Indian revolutionary
Viswanatha Kaviraja , 14th century Indian poet
Viswanatha Sastri , Carnatic music composer
Viswanatha Satyanarayana , ( 1895 – 1976 ) , an Indian Telugu writer
Viswanathan Anand , ( born 1969 ) Indian chess grandmaster and former world chess champion
Viswanathan Kumaran , Indian chemical engineer and rheologist
Viswanathan Manikan ( born 1951 ) , Indian activist
Viswanathan Raghunathan ( born 1954 ) , Indian academic , author , columnist
Viswanathan Ratnam , Indian Judge
Viswanathan–Ramamoorthy , Indian music-director duo
Viswanathan Ravichandran , Indian film producer and distributor
Surname
Adagur H. Vishwanath ( born 1949 ) , Indian politician
Acharya Vishwanath Baitha , Indian politician
Ashoke Viswanathan , Indian Bengali filmmaker
Ashvin Vishwanath , ( born 1973 ) , Indian-American theoretical physicist
A. K. Viswanathan , Indian Police Service officer
Cheri Viswanath ( 1933 – 2014 ) , South indian screenwriter , playwright , lyricist and journalist
Chitra Vishwanath , an Indian architect
Balaji Vishwanath ( 1680–1719 ) , Peshwas ( Prime Minister ) of the Maratha empire
Balasubramanian Viswanathan , Indian material scientist
Bhaskar Vishwananth Ghokale ( 1903 – 1962 ) , Indian Ayurveda practitioner
Biju Viswanath , Malayalam film and photography director
Dhirajlal Mahashankar Vishwanath Thaker ( ( 1897–1947 ) , British colonial official and Paymaster General of the Port of Karachi
G. Viswanathan , founder and chancellor of Vellore Institute of Technology , India
Geraldine Viswanathan , ( born 1995 ) , Australian actor
Gitl Schaechter-Viswanath , Yiddish-language poet and author
Gundappa Viswanath ( born 1949 ) , Indian cricketer
Hari Viswanath , Indian film director , producer and screenwriter
Harish Viswanathan , Indian scientist
Indira Viswanathan Peterson , Indian literary critic
Janaki Vishwanathan , Indian filmmaker
K. A. P. Viswanatham ( 1899 – 1994 ) , Indian scholar , orator and social activist
Kethu Viswanatha Reddy , Indian short story writer
K. Viswanath ( born 1930 ) , Telugu film director
Kaithapram Vishwanathan Namboothiri , Indian musician and music director
Kalpana Viswanath , Indian social entrepreneur
Kanithi Viswanatham , Indian politician
Kasisomayajula Viswanath , American scientist
K. K. Viswanathan ( 1914 – 1992 ) , Indian ex-governor of Gujrat
Maharajapuram Viswanatha Iyer , Indian Carnatic vocalist
Maharajapuram Viswanatha Santhanam ( 1928 - 1992 ) , Carnatic music vocalist
Mahashankar Vishwanath Thaker ( 1867 – 1902 ) , Chief Treasurer of the Princely State of Limbdi under Jhala Rajput rule
Mavila Vishwanathan Nair ( born 1952 ) , Chairman of the Credit Information Bureau of India Limited
Mohanlal Viswanathan Nair ( born 1960 ) , Indian actor
M. S. Viswanathan ( 1928-2015 ) , Tamil film music composer
N. Viswanathan , Indian actor and academic
N. K. Vishwanathan , Indian film director and cinematographer
N. S. Vishwanathan , deputy governor of Reserve Bank of India
Nikil Viswanathan , American entrepreneur
P. Viswanathan , Indian politician
P. H. Vishwanath , Indian film director , writer and a producer who works in Kannada cinema
Padma Viswanathan , Canadian playwright
Palghat Kollengode Viswanatha Narayanaswamy , Indian musician
Paranjape Prakash Vishvanath ( 1947–2008 ) , Indian politician
Paris Viswanathan ( born 1940 ) , Indian painter and filmmaker
Pramod Viswanath , Indian professor
Pranjivan Vishwanath Thaker ( 1860 - 1920 ) , Diwan of Saurashtra , Gujarat
Premi Viswanath , Indian television actor
Penumarti Viswanatha Sastry , ( 1929 – 1998 ) , Indian Telugu writer and editor
R Viswanathan , Indian diplomat
R. Ranchandra Vishwanath Wardekar ( 1913-1996 ) , Indian doctor and founder of Gandhi Memorial Leprosy Foundation
R. Viswanathan , Indian politician
Rachakonda Viswanatha Sastry ( 1922–1993 ) , Indian Telugu writer
Radha Viswanathan , Indian vocalist and classical dancer
Ramakrishnan Vishwanathan ( 1960–1999 ) , Indian Army officer
Raman Viswanathan , Indian physician
Ramesh Vishwanath Katti ( born 1964 ) , Indian politician
Ramnarayan Vishwanath Pathak , Indian poet and writer
S. R. Vishwanath ( born 1962 ) , Indian politician
Sadanand Vishwanath ( born 1962 ) , former Indian cricketer
Sanju Viswanath ( 1994 ) , Indian cricketer
Shivraj Vishwanath Patil , Indian politician
Sunny Viswanath , Indian composer and music producer
T. Viswanathan ( 1927–2002 ) , Indian Carnatic music flutist
T. K. Viswanathan , Indian politician
T. N. Viswanatha Reddy , Indian politician
T. R. Viswanathan , American engineer
Umesh Vishwanath Katti , Indian politician
V. Viswanatha Menon ( 1927 - 2019 ) , Indian Communist leader
V. Viswanathan ( 1909 - 1987 ) Indian ICS officer
Vani Viswanath ( born 1968 ) , Indian actor
Vichu Vishwanath , Indian film and television actor
Vishwa Nath Sharma ( born 1930 ) , 15th Chief of the Indian Army Staff
Vysyaraju Kasi Viswanadham Raju , Indian politician
Y. Kasi Viswanath , Indian actor and director
Temples
Kashi Vishwanath Temple , Uttar Pradesh , India
Kasi Viswanathar temple , Tenkasi , Tamil Nadu , India
Kasi Viswanathar temple , Sivakasi , Tamil Nadu , India
Kasi Viswanathar Temple , Kumbakonam , Tamil Nadu , India
Kasi Viswanathar Temple , Umayalpuram , Tamil Nadu , India
Kasi Viswanatha Temple , Ayanavaram , Tamil Nadu , India
Kasi Viswanatha Temple , West Mambalam , Tamil Nadu , India
Kunnuvarankottai Kasi Visalakshi-Viswanathar Temple , Tamil Nadu , India
Shri Vishwanath Mandir , Uttar Pradesh , India
Sri Kasi Vishwanatha Temple Flint , Hindu temple in Michigan , USA
See also
A. R. C. Viswanathan College , in India
K.A.P . Viswanatham Government Medical College , in India
Dr. Vishwanath Karad MIT World Peace University , Indian university in Pune , Maharastra
Kashi Vishwanath Express , an Indian express train
Viswanath Charali railway station , Indian railway station
Vishwanathganj , Indian town in Uttar Pradesh
Viswanath 's constant , a mathematical constant
Viswanatha chikitsa , text written by physician Viswanatha Sen in 1921
Viswanatham , Indian town in Tamil Nadu
Indian surnames
Indian given names
Tamil masculine given names
As part of the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor , reconstruction and upgrade works are underway on the National Highway 35 ( N-35 ) , which forms the Pakistani portion of the Karakoram Highway ( KKH ) .
Route description
The KKH spans the distance between the China–Pakistan border and the town of Hasan Abdal . At Burhan Interchange near Hasan Abdal , the existing M1 motorway will intersect the N-35 at the Shah Maqsood Interchange . From there , access onwards to Islamabad and Lahore continues as part of the existing M1 and M2 motorways . Hasan Abdal will also be at intersection of the Eastern Alignment , and Western Alignment .
The planned upgrades to the section between Hasan Abdal and Raikot of the Karakoram Highway over the next many years is officially referred to in Pakistan as the Karakoram Highway Phase 2 project .
Hasan Abdal and Havelian
This is currently a of 2 lane roadway referred to as the N-35 . Work is completed to construct a new , six-lane controlled-access highway between Hasan Abdal and Haripur officially referred as the Hazara Motorway or M-15 . This section of reconstruction is not part of CPEC and has been co-financed by Asian Development Bank and UK .
Havelian to Shinkiari
North of Havelian , the next of the 2 lane roadway has been upgraded to a four-lane dual carriageway between Havelian and Shinkiari as part of CPEC . This upgraded section is also refereed as the second part of Hazara Motorway & was completed in November 2019 .
Groundbreaking on this portion commenced in April 2016 .
Shinkiari to Thakot
The Shinkiari to Thakot is a 2 lane roadway . This will be upgraded to a 2 lane highway as part of CPEC and construction commenced in April 2016 jointly with construction of the Havelian to Shinkiari four-lane dual carriageway . Construction on both these sections is expected to be completed within 42 months at a cost of approximately $ 1.26 billion with 90 % of funding to come from China 's EXIM bank in the form of low interest rate concessional loans . The section is also refereed as the third part of Hazara Motorway. & It is completed and opened for traffic , this part includes 3 big tunnels .
Thakot to Raikot
The of 2 lane roadway between Thakot and Raikot spans an area in which the government of Pakistan is currently either planning or actively constructing several hydropower projects , most notably the Diamer-Bhasha Dam and Dasu Dam . Sections of the N-35 around these projects will be completely rebuilt in tandem with dam construction In the interim , this section of the N-35 is currently being improved from its current state until dam construction commences in full force at a later date . Improvement projects on this section are expected to be completed by January 2017 at a cost of approximately $ 72 million .
China suspended funding for improvement of this portion of Karakorum Highway ( KKH ) in December 2017 , apparently due to allegations of corruption in the project .
Raikot to the Khunjerab Pass at Chinese border
The next of 2 lane roadway connect Raikot to Khunjerab Pass . Reconstruction works on this section of roadway preceded the CPEC , and were initiated after severe damage to roadways in the area following the 2010 Pakistan floods . Most of this section of roadway was completed in September 2012 at a cost of $ 510 million , and was severely dilapidated even prior to the 2010 flooding . No additional upgrade is proposed for this section in the current reconstruction phase .
Khunjerab Pass
The Khunjerab Pass is the highest paved international border crossing in the world and the highest point on the Karakoram Highway . The long , relatively flat pass is snow-covered during the winter season and as a consequence is generally closed for heavy vehicles from 30 November to 1 May and for all vehicles from 30 December to 1 April . No additional upgrade is proposed for the Khunjerab pass section of KKH in the current reconstruction phase .
Landslide shelters on KKH
Many sites on the Karakoram Highway are prone to landslides specially during the monsoon and winter months . Landslide shelters have been constructed at many points to protect the highway but still the highway often gets closed for traffic for 2–3 days due to landslides triggered by rainfall or snowfall
China-Pakistan Friendship Tunnels
In addition to flooding , a large earthquake rocked the region nearest to the China-Pakistan border in 2010 , triggering massive landslides which dammed the Hunza River , and resulted in the formation of the Attabad Lake . Portions of the N-35 were submerged in the lake , forcing all vehicular traffic onto barges to traverse the new reservoir . Construction on a series of bridges and tunnels to Attabad Lake began in 2012 and required 36 months for completion . The bypass consists of two large bridges , 78 culverts and worth of tunnels that were inaugurated for public use on 14 September 2015 at a cost of $ 275 million .
Gilgit to Skardu
The road between Gilgit and Skardu will be upgraded to a four-lane road at a cost of $ 475 million to provide direct access to Skardu from the N-35 .
Cost and Financing
As part of CPEC , approximately $ 11 billion worth of infrastructure projects being developed by the Pakistani government will be financed by concessionary loans , with composite interest rates of 1.6 % , after Pakistan successfully lobbied the Chinese government to reduce interest rates from an initial 3 % . The concessional loans are subsidised by the government of China , and are to be dispersed by the Exim Bank of China and the China Development Bank . For comparison , loans for previous Pakistani infrastructure projects financed by the World Bank carried an interest rate between 5 % and 8.5 % , while interest rates on market loans approach 12 % .
The China Development Bank will finance the $ 920 million towards the cost of reconstruction of the portion of the Karakoram Highway between Hasan Abdal and Raikot .
An addition $ 1.26 billion will be lent by the China Exim Bank for the construction of the Havelian to Thakot portion of this stretch of roadway , to be dispersed as low-interest rate concessional loans .
Construction works on the China-Pakistan Friendship Tunnels can be traced to 2013 , when China began construction on a bypass of Attabad Lake with a combination of 5 km worth of tunnels , two large bridges , and 78 small bridges to bypass the lake which had been formed after a 2010 earthquake triggered massive landslides . The resulting landslides cut off both the Hunza River and Karakoram Highway resulting in the formation of the reservoir . Prior to completion of the bypass , all vehicular traffic had to be loaded onto barges to traverse the new reservoir . Construction of the tunnels began in 2012 and required 36 months for completion . The 24 km long series of bridges and tunnels was inaugurated on 15 September 2015 at a cost of $ 275 million and was hailed as a major accomplishment .
References
Roads in Pakistan
Highways in Pakistan
Lists of roads in Pakistan
China–Pakistan Economic Corridor
Economic development in Pakistan
Investment in Pakistan
Nawaz Sharif administration
Proposed transport infrastructure in Pakistan
Trade routes
Roger More may refer to :
Rory O'Moore ( Irish noble ) , aka Roger More
Roger More ( MP )
See also
Roger Moore ( disambiguation )
The Ethiopian Heritage Fund is a British charity that works to preserve the antiquities and manuscripts of Ethiopian Orthodox monasteries .
References
External links
Historic preservation
History of Ethiopia
Cultural charities based in the United Kingdom
Foreign charities operating in Ethiopia
Anete Šteinberga ( born 29 January 1990 ) is a Latvian basketball player for Tango Bourges Basket and the Latvian national team . They participated at the EuroBasket Women 2017 .
University of Texas at El Paso statistics
Source
References
External links
Anete Šteinberga at Tbf.org
Anete Šteinberga at Galatasaray.org
1990 births
Living people
Latvian women 's basketball players
People from Ogre , Latvia
Centers ( basketball )
Latvian expatriate basketball people in Belgium
Latvian expatriate basketball people in Italy
Latvian expatriate basketball people in Russia
Latvian expatriate basketball people in Turkey
Latvian expatriate basketball people in the United States
Latvian expatriate basketball people in the Czech Republic
UTEP Miners women 's basketball players
Galatasaray S.K . ( women 's basketball ) players
Cyprus participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song `` San aggelos s'agapisa '' written by Andreas Anastasiou and Michalis Antoniou . The song was performed by Christos Mylordos . The Cypriot broadcaster Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation ( CyBC ) organised the talent show Performance in order to select the Cypriot artist for the 2011 contest in Düsseldorf , Germany . The talent show featured 39 contestants and resulted in the selection of Christos Mylordos as the winning artist at the final on 10 September 2010 , where nine contestants remained . The Cypriot song , `` San aggelos s'agapisa '' , was presented to the public on 20 January 2011 .
Cyprus was drawn to compete in the second semi-final of the Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 12 May 2011 . Performing during the show in position 9 , `` San aggelos s'agapisa '' was not announced among the top 10 entries of the second semi-final and therefore did not qualify to compete in the final . It was later revealed that Cyprus placed eighteenth out of the 19 participating countries in the semi-final with 16 points .
Background
Prior to the 2011 contest , Cyprus had participated in the Eurovision Song Contest twenty-eight times since their debut in the 1981 contest . Its best placing was fifth , which it achieved three times : in the 1982 competition with the song `` Mono i agapi '' performed by Anna Vissi , in the 1997 edition with `` Mana mou '' performed by Hara and Andreas Constantinou , and the 2004 contest with `` Stronger Every Minute '' performed by Lisa Andreas . Cyprus ' least successful result was in the 1986 contest when it placed last with the song `` Tora zo '' by Elpida , receiving only four points in total . However , its worst finish in terms of points received was when it placed second to last in the 1999 contest with `` Tha'nai erotas '' by Marlain Angelidou , receiving only two points . The nation managed to qualify to the final in and place twenty-first with the song `` Life Looks Better in Spring '' performed by Jon Lilygreen and the Islanders .
The Cypriot national broadcaster , Cyprus Broadcasting Corporation ( CyBC ) , broadcasts the event within Cyprus and organises the selection process for the nation 's entry . CyBC confirmed their intentions to participate at the 2011 Eurovision Song Contest on 23 December 2009 . Cyprus has used various methods to select the Cypriot entry in the past , such as internal selections and televised national finals to choose the performer , song or both to compete at Eurovision . Since 2008 , the broadcaster has organised a national final to select the Cypriot entry . However , CyBC opted to organise the talent show Performance to select the artist for the 2011 contest with the song being selected via an internal selection .
Before Eurovision
Performance
Performance was the talent show developed by CyBC in order to select the Cypriot artist for the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 . The `` Song Interpretation '' category of the competition commenced on 11 June 2010 featuring 39 contestants aged between 16 and 30 , and concluded with the final on 10 September 2010 . Nine finalists were determined by the combination of votes from a four-member judging panel consisting of Cypriot 1985 Eurovision representative Lia Vissi , musician and music teacher Costas Kakoyiannis , actor Neoclis Neocleous and choreographer Fotis Nikolaou ( 60 % ) and televoting ( 40 % ) to progress to the final , which took place on 10 September 2010 at the CyBC studios in Nicosia , hosted by Marina Maleni and broadcast on RIK 1 , RIK Sat as well as online via cybc.cy . Among the finalists was 2006 Cypriot Junior Eurovision entrant Louis Panagiotou . The winner , Christos Mylordou who covered the song `` Supreme '' by Robbie Williams during the show , was selected exclusively by a public televote .
Song selection
On 26 November 2010 , CyBC announced that composers were able to submit their songs to the broadcaster until 31 December 2010 . All songwriters were required to have Cypriot nationality , origin or residency as of 2009 . At the conclusion of the deadline , 11 songs were received by CyBC and on 20 January 2011 , the broadcaster announced that a seven-member selection committee had internally selected `` San aggelos s'agapisa '' as Christos Mylordos ' contest song . The song along with its official preview video , directed by Maria Charis , was presented to the public on 28 February 2011 during the CyBC evening news broadcast .
Promotion
Christos Mylordou specifically promoted `` San aggelos s'agapisa '' as the Cypriot Eurovision entry on 2 March 2011 by performing the song during the Greek Eurovision national final Ellinikós Telikós 2011 .
At Eurovision
All countries except the `` Big Five '' ( France , Germany , Italy , Spain and the United Kingdom ) , and the host country , are required to qualify from one of two semi-finals in order to compete for the final ; the top ten countries from each semi-final progress to the final . The European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) split up the competing countries into six different pots based on voting patterns from previous contests , with countries with favourable voting histories put into the same pot . On 17 January 2011 , a special allocation draw was held which placed each country into one of the two semi-finals , as well as which half of the show they would perform in . Cyprus was placed into the second semi-final , to be held on 12 May 2011 , and was scheduled to perform in the first half of the show . The running order for the semi-finals was decided through another draw on 15 March 2011 and Cyprus was set to perform in position 9 , following the entry from Sweden and before the entry from Bulgaria .
The two semi-finals and the final were broadcast in Cyprus on RIK 1 , RIK SAT , RIK HD , RIK Deftero and RIK Triton with commentary by Melina Karageorgiou . The Cypriot spokesperson , who announced the Cypriot votes during the final , was Loukas Hamatsos .
Semi-final
Christos Mylordos took part in technical rehearsals on 3 and 7 May , followed by dress rehearsals on 11 and 12 May . This included the jury show on 11 May where the professional juries of each country watched and voted on the competing entries .
The Cypriot performance featured Christos Mylordos joined on stage by four male backing vocalists and dancers , all dressed in black with silver elements in their belts and accessories . During the performance , Mylordos and the male backing performers leaned over at an approximately 45-degree angles by using boots that were fixed to the floor and accompanied with smoke effects , while a female backing vocalist , dressed in white , was located on the satellite stage and swung a large circular object during parts of the song . The LED screens displayed floating diamonds and crystals as well as large circular objects that leaned over in the same angles as the male performers . The choreographer for the performance was Fotis Nicolaou . The male backing performers that joined Christos Mylordos were Aggelos Agathangelou , Antoniou Antonis , Christos Nicolaou and Pavlos Polichrinis , while the female backing vocalist was Chrissie Andreou . 1995 and 2000 Cypriot Eurovision entrant Alex Panayi was previously rumoured by to have been considered by CyBC as one of the backing vocalists , which was denied by the singer who also stated that they were willing to help and support if asked by the broadcaster .
At the end of the show , Cyprus was not announced among the top 10 entries in the second semi-final and therefore failed to qualify to compete in the final . It was later revealed that Cyprus placed eighteenth in the semi-final , receiving a total of 16 points .
Voting
Voting during the three shows consisted of 50 percent public televoting and 50 percent from a jury deliberation . The jury consisted of five music industry professionals who were citizens of the country they represent . This jury was asked to judge each contestant based on : vocal capacity ; the stage performance ; the song 's composition and originality ; and the overall impression by the act . In addition , no member of a national jury could be related in any way to any of the competing acts in such a way that they can not vote impartially and independently .
Following the release of the full split voting by the EBU after the conclusion of the competition , it was revealed that Cyprus had placed eighteenth with the public televote and seventeenth with the jury vote in the second semi-final . In the public vote , Cyprus scored 23 points , while with the jury vote , Cyprus scored 24 points .
Below is a breakdown of points awarded to Cyprus and awarded by Cyprus in the second semi-final and grand final of the contest . The nation awarded its 12 points to Sweden in the semi-final and to Greece in the final of the contest .
Points awarded to Cyprus
Points awarded by Cyprus
References
2011
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011
Eurovision
Zatrephes ossea is a moth in the family Erebidae . It was described by William Schaus in 1905 . It is found in French Guiana .
References
Phaegopterina
Moths described in 1905
The Frauen-Bundesliga 2008–2009 is the 19th season of the Frauen-Bundesliga , Germany 's premier women 's football league . It began on 7 September 2008 and ended on 7 June 2009 . Turbine Potsdam won the championship with Bayern Munich coming in second by single goal .
Final standings
Results
Top scorers
References
2008-09
Ger
1
Women1
Chang'an Ford 2016 Chinese FA Super Cup ( Chinese : 长安福特2016中国足球协会超级杯 ) was the 14th Chinese FA Super Cup . The match was played at Chongqing Olympic Sports Center on 27 February 2016 , contested by Super League winners Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao and FA Cup winners Jiangsu Suning . Guangzhou Evergrande beat Jiangsu Suning 2–0 , thus winning their second Chinese FA Super Cup title after losing in recent three years .
Match
Details
References
External links
FA Super Cup
2016
Guangzhou F.C . matches
Jiangsu F.C . matches
17th Nova Scotia general election may refer to :
Nova Scotia general election , 1843 , the 17th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia , for the 17th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1933 Nova Scotia general election , the 39th overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the ( due to a counting error in 1859 ) 40th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia , but considered the 17th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia .
The following is a list of the monastic houses in Somerset , England .
See also
List of monastic houses in England
Notes
References
Medieval sites in England
Religion in Somerset
Somerset
Somerset
Lists of buildings and structures in Somerset
Kenneth Carroll Guinn ( August 24 , 1936 – July 22 , 2010 ) , was an American academic administrator , business person and politician who served as the 27th Governor of Nevada from 1999 to 2007 and interim president of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas ( UNLV ) from 1994 to 1995 . Originally a Democrat , they later joined the Republican Party prior to being elected governor .
Early life and career
Guinn was born in Garland , Arkansas and reared in Exeter , California . They married their wife , Dema , in Reno on July 7 , 1956 . They had two sons , Jeff and Steve . They earned undergraduate and graduate degrees in physical education from California State University , Fresno . They received their Bachelor of Arts in 1957 . In 1970 , Guinn earned an Ed.D . from Utah State University in Logan .
Guinn was the superintendent of the Clark County School District from 1969 to 1978 . From 1978 to 1987 , they were vice president of Nevada Savings and Loan . From 1987 to 1988 , they were president and chairperson of the board of the same institution under its new name PriMerit Bank . From 1988 to 1993 , they were chairperson and chief executive officer of Southwest Gas Corporation and from 1993 to 1997 they were the chairperson of the board of directors of that company .
Political career
Guinn was first elected governor in 1998 , defeating Democratic nominee Las Vegas Mayor Jan Laverty Jones , with 52 % of the vote . When Guinn ran for re-election in 2002 , they received 68 % of the vote , defeating Democratic nominee state Senator Joe Neal , who received only 22 % . In November 2005 , Time magazine named them one of the five best governors in the U.S .
As Governor of Nevada , Guinn developed a reputation as a moderate Republican who was not motivated by partisan ideology . During their first term as governor , Guinn used the national tobacco settlement money , and pushed for the creation of the Millennium Scholarship program to provide all Nevada High School graduates with a 3.25 GPA , a scholarship to attend a Nevada university . They also championed a state run prescription drug benefit program for Nevada senior citizens called Senior RX . Guinn , who prided themselves on their detailed knowledge of the state budget , believed Nevada 's tax structure was inherently flawed with its dependence on growth and tourism—Nevada has no income tax and relies heavily on gaming and sales tax .
Guinn proposed a tax restructuring during the 2003 legislative session that was met with opposition from anti-tax business groups and many anti-tax Republicans . After a divisive session that divided the Republicans and ended in a Nevada Supreme Court decision upholding the passage of the bill very little of Guinn 's original proposal was enacted . As Guinn had predicted the state was plunged into a serious budget deficit as soon as the 2008 recession hit the gaming and construction industry causing sales and gaming tax revenues to plummet . In percentage terms , Guinn 's 2003 tax hike was the largest tax increase ever by one of the 50 states , but it was praised as `` a controversial but realistic step to shore up the overstretched budget of the nation 's fastest-growing state . ''
In 2006 , Guinn declined to endorse Jim Gibbons , the Republican nominee for Governor of Nevada , due to bitter disagreements between the two politicians . Gibbons was one of the more vocal critics of Guinn 's tax plan during the 2003 legislative session . Guinn said only that they hoped a Republican would succeed them as governor . Gibbons defeated the Democratic nominee , Dina Titus . Guinn 's second term as governor ended on January 1 , 2007 , due to lifetime term limits established by the Nevada Constitution . Their official portrait was painted by artist Michele Rushworth and hangs in the state capitol in Carson City , Nevada .
Guinn served as a board member of MGM Resorts International ( formerly MGM Mirage ) from May 22 , 2007 , until their untimely death on July 22 , 2010 , under chairperson and CEO Terrence Lanni ( 1995–2008 ) and James Murren ( 2008–present ) .
Death
Guinn died on July 22 , 2010 , at the age of 73 , of complications from injuries sustained after falling from the roof of their Las Vegas home and possibly following a heart attack . They were pronounced dead at the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada in Las Vegas .
Guinn is interred at the Exeter District Cemetery in Exeter , California .
References
External links
State biographies ( October 2006 , via archive.org )
A list of quotes by Guinn
On the Issues
The Anointed One , huntingtonpress.com
|-
|-
1936 births
2010 deaths
Accidental deaths from falls
Accidental deaths in Nevada
School superintendents in Nevada
California State University , Fresno alumni
Governors of Nevada
Nevada Democrats
Nevada Republicans
Politicians from Carson City , Nevada
People from the Las Vegas Valley
People from Exeter , California
Presidents of the University of Nevada , Las Vegas
Republican Party governors of Nevada
Utah State University alumni
20th-century American Episcopalians
Della Patricia Pascoe ( née James ; born 28 March 1949 ) is a retired British international sprinter . They competed in the women 's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics .
They also represented England in the 100 metres and 200 metres , at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh , Scotland .
They are married to a former hurdler , Alan Pascoe .
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
British female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Sportspeople from Portsmouth
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Olympic female sprinters
Ardmulchan Passage Tomb is a passage grave and National Monument located in County Meath , Ireland .
Location
Ardmulchan Passage Tomb is located northeast of Navan , on the southeast bank of the River Boyne , next to Broadboyne Bridge .
History
Ardmulchan Passage Tomb dates to 3000–2500 BC .
Description
Two carved stones bearing megalithic art ( two `` picked signs '' and one `` incised sign '' ) were found in 1974 during the construction of a house . A mound of earth nearby may be the remains of a passage grave .
References
National Monuments in County Meath
Archaeological sites in County Meath
Zuzana Zvolenská ( born 27 January 1972 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak lawyer and politician and from 4 April 2012 until 3 November 2014 they were the Minister of Health of Slovakia in Fico 's Second Cabinet for the Direction – Social Democracy party ( ) .
Them tenure as minister was marked by significant efforts to reform key sectors within the healthcare system including notably the health insurance sector . One key priority was to secure the re-establishment of a unitary system of public health insurance . Zvolenska announced their resignation on 3 November in response to a controversy regarding financial irregularities .
Early life and education
Zuzana Zvolenská was born 27 January 1972 in Bratislava , then apart of Czechoslovakia . In 1995 they graduated from the Law Faculty of the Comenius University in Bratislava and started working in the banking and insurance sector .
Early career
In 2002 , they joined the Joint health insurance company ( ) . In 2006 they were promoted to deputy Director General , as well as promoted to the board of directors . At the General Assembly that same year , in September 2006 , they were elected as President of the Board and General Director . In 2008 , they were appointed Director-General and the chairperson of the Board of the state-owned main health insurance provider General Health Insurance Company ( ) .
Since October 2010 they were a member of the Official Board of Insurance Trust , and from February 2011 they worked at the Office of the Adviser for Health Surveillance . Following the 2012 elections , President Ivan Gasparovic appointed their Minister of Health on 4 April 2012 as part of the government of Robert Fico . Zvolenská was not a member of the Smer-SD party and they were nominated for the ministerial post as an expert from outside .
Minister of Health
Labor disputes
Immediately after their appointment as health minister , their department inherited several ongoing labor disputes , primarily with doctors and nurses in the public health service . As their ministry set about with far-reaching reforms , with the stated goal of improving insurance coverage as well as reducing overall health-care costs for patients , hospital employees unions voiced their anger over low salaries .
The dispute was a continuation from the previous administration , who in late 2011 declared a state of emergency when industrial lockouts and wildcat strikes at public hospitals threatened to shut down the health sector . The situation flared up again in December 2012 , when doctors at Zilina University Hospital launched a new strike , where they en masse handed in their resignations , with hundreds more across the country threatening to do the same , should the situation go unresolved . Responding to the incident , Zvolenska said the decision to strike was `` immoral and un-ethical '' , and said `` the right to strike does not exceed the right to healthcare nor the right to life '' . They also confirmed that the health ministry was considering legal action against the strikers .
In January 2013 the health ministry agreed to raise the salary of doctors by 20 % , calming the dispute . This was given final approval by the Cabinet in April . A raise in nurses salaries was also approved , but was struck down by the Constitutional court . In the aftermath of the dispute , Zvolenska 's ministry introduced a law , which made dodging work , or going on phony sick-leave punishable by up to three years in prison . Although this was later reduced to a €3,300 fine , after yet another round of dispute with the health worker unions .
Health insurance reform
A plan to reform Slovakia 's health insurance system , from a plural system into a singular system with one National health care provider had been on the books with the Smer party since their previous term ending in 2010 . The plan involved the state purchasing or expropriating all the private health insurance operators on the market and uniting them into one , which would then be run by the health ministry under Zvolenska .
On October 31 , 2012 , the cabinet of Robert Fico gave the `` unitary health insurer project '' tailored by the Zvolenska its blessing . Zvolenska listed three ways in which it can create a single health insurance company : acquiring the shares of the private health insurance companies , taking over the management of the private insurers ' client portfolios , and expropriating the private health insurers for an appropriate sum , with the first option cited as the best alternative . If the government reaches an agreement with the private insurers about the sale of their shares , the single health insurer could be launched as of January 1 , 2014 . In the event of expropriation , the single insurer would not emerge until July 2014 . Not unexpected , the plan faced massive resistance from the private sector insurance companies .
The plans caused controversy when Achmea , a Dutch private insurance group , filed a lawsuit against the Slovak state , after legislation was passed prohibiting it from extracting profits . The international court of arbitration ruled against Slovakia , and awarded Achmea €30 million . After running into further legal and financial setbacks , the time-line of the project was revised to last through 2015 at the earliest . According to economical and political analysts , the poor state of government finances was the reason for the delays . In February 2014 , the reform plan was pushed back indefinitely . The plan had already hit a raw nerve with the two private health insurers operating on the Slovak market , Zvolenska said the project was ready but it would not progress until the funding is secured . In response , Finance Minister Peter Kažimír said `` As the manager of the state treasury I have to say today that we do not have the money for it . ''
Primary health-care reform
In April 2013 , Zvolenska 's ministry introduced a law which reintroduced the system , in which patients were required to visit their primary physician first , in order to be referred to a specialist . This was in order to avoid situations were patients visited several outpatient clinics for a single problem , thus duplicating examinations , as well as to improve the general quality of the health-care service . The parliamentary opposition , namely the SDKU said the changes amounted to `` bullying '' ( ) and `` harassment '' of the patient . This was denied by Zvolenska .
Controversies
`` CT-scanner case '' and resignation
On 30 October 2014 , the private news outlet Markíza reported that the Alexander Winter Hospital in Piešťany had sought in 2012 to purchase a CT-scanner produced by Siemens for €1 million , but the tender was stopped after the March 2012 parliamentary elections due to the change of the top management . The new management , which included top Smer-SD officials , announced a new round of bidding and subsequently chose another device produced by Philips for €1.6 million . The price was approximately three times higher than similar devices in neighbouring Czech Republic ; for example , a hospital in the Czech town of Havlíčkův Brod had recently bought a similar CT scanner for around €540,000 . The Hospital management did not explain why the new CT scanner was so expensive and its secretariat responded that hospital director was on vacation and unable to comment .
Zvolenska responded by replacing all the members of the managing board of the hospital nominated by the Health Ministry , arguing that they have not informed them properly about the proceedings in this hospital . They have also filed a complaint with the Supreme Audit Office ( NKÚ ) and the Public Procurement Office ( ÚVO ) to check whether the tender was in line with the rules .
On 4 November , just days after the story broke , prime minister Fico publicly called for Zvolenska 's resignation along with Deputy Speaker of Parliament Renáta Zmajkovičová , who was chairperson of the board of directors at the hospital . Fico stated `` The process of the [ public ] procurement of the CT device in Piešťany raises doubts and it is not enough to react to those doubts by sacking the members of the board of directors , which has already happened , the one who manages these people must also leave '' . On 6 November Zvolenska offered their resignation and was replaced by state secretary Viliam Čislák .
Personal life
They are married to Ladislav Zvolenský and together they have one son , named Juraj , who currently attends elementary school . They are fluent in English and Russian .
References
External links
The Slovak Ministry of Health
1972 births
Living people
Comenius University alumni
Direction – Social Democracy politicians
Health ministers of Slovakia
Politicians from Bratislava
Women government ministers of Slovakia
Raymond George Kyle Allan ( born 5 March 1955 ) is a retired Scottish footballer who made over 420 appearances in the Scottish League for Cowdenbeath as a goalkeeper . They are Cowdenbeath 's record appearance-maker and was capped by Scotland at junior level .
Personal life
Allan is the grandson of footballer George Kyle .
Career statistics
Honours
Brechin City
Scottish League Second Division second-place promotion : 1992–93
Scottish League Third Division second-place promotion : 1995–96
Glenrothes
Fife Regional League ( 3 ) : 1970–71 , 1975–76 , 1977–78
Fife Regional League East Division ( 1 ) : 1978–79
Fife & Lothians Cup ( 1 ) : 1971–72
Fife Junior Cup ( 4 ) : 1971–72 , 1975–76 , 1976–77 , 1978–79
Cowdenbeath Cup ( 3 ) : 1971–72 , 1976–77 , 1977–78
East Fife Cup ( 1 ) : 1971–72
Caledonian Cup ( 1 ) : 1975–76
Fife Drybrough Cup ( 1 ) : 1978–79
Montrave Cup ( 1 ) : 1971–72
Individual
Cowdenbeath Hall of Fame
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
People from Cowdenbeath
Scottish footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Scotland junior international footballers
Glenrothes F.C . players
Cowdenbeath F.C . players
Forfar Athletic F.C . players
Brechin City F.C . players
Motherwell F.C . players
Scottish Football League players
Raith Rovers F.C . players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
One-Eyed Monster is a 2008 sci-fi/horror comedy film directed by Adam Fields about the cast and crew of an adult film having an encounter with a different kind of monster while filming in the Northern California mountains .
Plot
On a snow-covered mountain , a bus , truck , and a few cars arrive at a remote camp area to film a porno film . The group is made up of professional porn actors Ron Jeremy and Veronica Hart , novice porn stars Rock , Angel , Wanda , and Lance , as well as the director and producer Jim , cameraman Jonah , gaffer-electrician and sound guy T.J. , and makeup and script girl Laura .
After being dropped off by the school bus driver who leaves them behind , the group settles in their living quarters for the next few days to shoot . While Laura talks with Ron about their past career days , the guys , Lance , Rock and T.J. talk about T.J. 's latest suck-and-squeeze device for carnal pleasure that T.J. wants to market , while Angel and Wanda talk about their experiences on the porn sets . Radio reports begin to describe a `` strange light '' in the sky that has been hovering over the mountains for the last several hours as Jim gets down to directing , starting with the first scene with Ron and Veronica . During a break in filming , Jonah goes outside to get some more lights from the truck while Ron also goes out to relieve himself . Suddenly , a strange light hits Ron , who then collapses to the ground . Jonah helps them up and they go back inside to finish filming the scene . Ron is acting strangely and begins to exhibit strange behavior as they begin performing in the sex scene with Veronica , who begin screaming in pain as Jim tries to yell `` cut '' as Ron continues to have rough sex with them The guys are forced to pull Ron off Veronica as they go into convulsions and collapses . T.J. , Jeff , and Jonah try to help Veronica , who begins hemorrhaging and loses consciousness . They guys look over to help Ron and see that they are dead . But they also notice that Ron 's legendary 9 3/4-inch penis is gone as well .
In Angel 's room , they are rehearsing their upcoming scene , when the disembodied penis attacks them Wanda walks in on this and runs out to inform Rock , Lance and Laura who run in only to find the disembodied member gone and Angel dead , with a large and gory hole in the back of their head . While everyone runs out to tell the others , Laura has an encounter with the disembodied penis which attacks them
Holing themselves up in the main cabin , Jonah , Jim , T.J. , Lance , Rock , and Wanda try to make sense of what is going on , just when Laura walks in , acting strangely . After the guys carry Ron 's dead body outside , they debate on what to do since they are stranded there and no one has any signal for their cell phones . Rock wants to make a run for the cars to try to get off the mountain , but when they run outside , the disembodied penis appears and shoves itself through him . When Jonah and T.J. run outside in a futile attempt to save him , they are surprised by the appearance of a rugged mountain man , named Montz who brings them back inside to the main cabin .
Resting , Jonah and T.J. make the assumption that Ron 's missing penis is possessed by some kind of alien force . Jeff suggests finding a way to kill it while Laura , who continues acting strangely , wants to capture it . Lance and Wanda retreat to a nearby bathroom where they try to calm down the growing hysterical Wanda over this unbelievable turn of events . Just then , the severed penis slithers in through a crack in the bathroom window and attacks them both .
Jonah and T.J. come up with a plan to capture the lethal creature by luring it through an open window , using a pair of women 's panties borrowed from Laura , to try to trap it with Jeff 's suck and squeeze device . Montz volunteers to kill it after they give them a creepy but hilarious monologue about their encounter with a similar event back in Vietnam in the 1960s where they saw their platoon getting killed by a disembodied penis that came from the body of their commanding officer . T.J. volunteers to help out and has Jonah lock them and Montz in the kitchen to make sure that if they fail that Rock 's penis will not be able to get them . But while their backs are turned , the disembodied penis slithers into the kitchen and strangles Montz to death , while it shoves itself with rapid speed through T.J. , killing him .
Jim panics and runs into the nearby bathroom only to find a dead and cocooned Lance and Wanda against the wall . Panicking , they run outside to the nearby barn and tries to start a snow speeder to try to escape . But the severed penis follows them in a super-fast chase down the mountain where it knocks them off their snow speeder and then gruesomely slices them in two from the crotch to the top of the head as it burrows through the snow .
Back at the main cabin , the three survivors , Jonah , Laura , and the barely conscious Veronica , are beside themselves and wait . Jonah , after being told earlier by Montz about the location of an old radio antenna atop the nearby mountain , suggests they run to a nearby cabin that Montz told them about where there is an underground passageway to the radio shack where they can radio for help . With Veronica having regained some of their strength , they make it to the passageway , which is apparently an old mine shaft , and walk through the long tunnel and make it to the radio shack where Jonah tries to get the radio to work , only the severed penis follows them and lands on Laura . Jonah tries to swing at it with an axe , but the `` thing '' is much too fast and keeps evading their blows . Veronica then thinks of a way to fight it . They lie down on the floor and offers themselves to the entity which shoves itself between their legs . Veronica tells Jonah and Laura to run for safety as they will keep it occupied and uses their vaginal muscles to drain it of its power . Jonah and Laura flee from the radio shack cabin and down the mountain just as Veronica makes the severed dick climax . The penis monster explodes in a massive blast , destroying itself as well as killing Veronica and blows up the radio cabin in a massive blast covering the sky with millions of particles .
Jonah and Laura seek shelter in a nearby shack where they huddle for the night . At dawn , Laura hears sounds of rain , but Jonah tells them that the rain is `` Ron '' . The remains of the penis monster are raining down semen on the entire area .
At dawn , when the sounds had stopped , Laura leaves the cabin and a sleeping Jonah , where they venture outside and to a place in the snow where they seem to be distraught over the death of the one-eyed monster . Laura reveals a massive bulge in their abdomen as they are now impregnated by the penis monster which attacked them earlier and will now be the apparent breeding chamber to the one-eye monster 's offspring .
Cast
Amber Benson as Laura
Jason Graham as Jonah
Charles Napier as Montz
Jeff Denton as Jim
Caleb Mayo as T.J .
Bart Fletcher as Lance
Jenny Guy as Wanda
Veronica Hart as Veronica
Johnny Lee as Rock
Carmen Hart as Angel
Frank Noel as Bus Driver
Ron Jeremy as Ron
References
External links
2008 films
American comedy horror films
American science fiction films
Films about pornography
Cultural depictions of Ron Jeremy
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Thompson Peninsula ( ) is a peninsula 3 nautical miles ( 6 km ) long on the northeast coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago , Antarctica . It is bounded by Patagonia Bay on the northwest and Fournier Bay on the southeast , and ends in Dralfa Point on the northeast .
The peninsula was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) in 1955–57 , and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee ( UK-APC ) for John W. Thompson ( 1928-2012 ) of FIDS , general assistant and mountaineer at Arthur Harbor in 1956 and leader at that station in 1957 .
Peninsulas of Graham Land
Landforms of the Palmer Archipelago
Glororum is a hamlet and former civil parish , now in the parish of Bamburgh in the county of Northumberland about south west of Bamburgh . In 1951 the parish had a population of 13 .
History
Bamburgh parish records of baptisms for 1768 show this hamlet with the name of Gloweroerum .
The name is claimed to come from old English to 'Glower o'er them ' or to look over them . This is believed to be due to the fact that there was an old fort on the site of the farm which looked over Bamburgh Castle whilst it was seated to the king of Northumberland .
Prior to re-development in 2010-2012 there were substantial farm buildings on the crossroads . Although the farm buildings have now been converted into luxury `` Barn conversion '' type residences including detached and terrace cottages and larger terraced houses , Glororum is still a working farm run by the Dryden family since 1883 .
To the north-east of the hamlet there is a large holiday park comprising mainly large static caravans . The caravan Park was established in 1953 with 10 caravans and has grown over the years to the size it is now .
Governance
Glororum is in the parliamentary constituency of Berwick-upon-Tweed . Glororum was formerly a township in Bambrough parish , from 1866 Glororum was a civil parish in its own right until it was abolished on 1 April 1955 and merged with Bamburgh .
References
Hamlets in Northumberland
Former civil parishes in Northumberland
Bamburgh
Samuel Bickerton Harman ( 20 December 1819 – 26 March 1892 ) was a Canadian lawyer , accountant , politician , civil servant , and Mayor of Toronto from 1869–1870 .
Early life
Harman was born in Brompton , London , England , to Samuel Harman , West Indian planter and office holder , and Dorothy Bruce Murray . After graduating from King 's College School in London , they became a clerk with the Colonial Bank at its Barbados branch in 1840 , and in 1843 became accountant and later manager of its Grenada branch . They married Georgiana Huson , the daughter of a Barbadian planter , in Toronto in 1842 .
They returned to England in 1847 and moved to Upper Canada the following year in order to tend to some investments of their wife 's family . By the early 1850s , they were reading law , and was called to the bar in 1855 . They would serve as a bencher of the Law Society of Upper Canada from 1869 to 1871 .
Harman was involved in many significant activities concerning Toronto 's upper class :
member of the first synod of the Anglican Diocese of Toronto in 1853 , eventually being appointed as its treasurer and than as its registrar ;
helping to form the Toronto Boat Club ( the predecessor of the Royal Canadian Yacht Club ) in 1852 ;
serving on the executive of the Saint George 's Society , eventually becoming its president in 1860 ;
being a master freemason from 1842 , and instrumental in introducing the Knights Templar into Toronto in 1854 ( in which they would act as a senior officer until 1882 ) .
they were also a member of the Orange Order in Canada .
When the Institute of Accountants and Adjusters of Ontario failed to secure an Act of incorporation from the Legislative Assembly of Ontario , Harman was named as its president . Their political skills and stage-managing of the Toronto business élite enabled its incorporation as the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ontario in 1883 .
Political career
Harman held many elected and appointed positions with the City of Toronto :
alderman for St Andrew 's Ward ( 18661868 , 18711872 )
Mayor of Toronto ( 18691870 )
assessment commissioner ( 18721874 )
city treasurer ( 18741888 )
References
External links
1819 births
1892 deaths
Mayors of Toronto
Lawyers in Ontario
Canadian accountants
British emigrants to Canada
People from the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
People educated at King 's College School , London
Tivoli Gardens , Copenhagen , Denmark is an album by jazz violinist Stéphane Grappelli , recorded live in 1979 and released in 1980 .
Reception
Writing for AllMusic , music critic Scott Yanow wrote of the album `` By the time the 71-year-old Stephane Grappelli made this live trio recording with guitarist Joe Pass and bassist Niels-Henning Orsted Pedersen , their legacy as the greatest of all jazz violinists was firmly in place. [ ... ] The program itself is practically a Grapelli greatest-hits collection -- `` It 's Only a Paper Moon , '' `` Crazy Rhythm , '' `` How Deep Is the Ocean , '' etc . -- which makes this disc a perfect introduction to their art for anyone looking for a good place to begin . Highly recommended . ''
An article on allaboutjazz.com states `` A live concert of a small group that swings very big has been preserved for our enjoyment . These musicians play strongly and immaculately cohesive . If you like music that really swings with melody that sings and floats , you 'll love this album. ``
The Penguin Guide to Jazz selected this album as part of its suggested Core Collection .
Track-Listing
Personnel
Stéphane Grappelli – violin
Joe Pass – guitar
Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen – double bass
References
1980 live albums
Stéphane Grappelli albums
Pablo Records live albums
Live albums by French artists
Pepijn Bijsterbosch ( born 3 November 1989 ) is a Dutch motorcycle racer . They currently compete in the IDM Superbike Championship aboard a BMW S1000R .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
( key )
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
( key )
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Profile on WorldSBK.com
1989 births
Dutch motorcycle racers
Living people
125cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Elijah Leonard ( September 10 , 1814 – May 14 , 1891 ) was an Ontario business person and political figure . They were a Liberal member of the Senate of Canada from 1867 to 1891 .
They were born on a farm near Syracuse , New York in 1814 , the son of Elijah Leonard . In 1830 , they moved with their family to Normandale in Upper Canada , where their father was working at a foundry owned by Joseph Van Norman . In 1834 , with their father and a partner , they established a foundry at St. Thomas . The partner was bought out and their father retired , leaving them in charge of the business .
In 1840 , Leonard set up a machine shop and foundry at London , Ontario , on York street where they began to manufacture agricultural equipment and then cars , tracks and other equipment for railways . The company now known as E. Leonard and Sons , went on to manufacture steam boilers and steam-powered equipment . In 1847 , they married Emeline , the daughter of Elijah Cocker Woodman . They were elected to the London municipal council in 1854 and became mayor in 1857 . In 1862 , they were elected to the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada for Malahide division ; Leonard was named to the Senate after Confederation . Besides their manufacturing interests , they also helped found the London and Lake Huron Railway , the London Savings Bank and the Huron and Erie Savings and Loan Society .
Leonard died in London , Ontario in 1891 .
After their death , their two sons continued to operate the company , which remained family-run until 1945 .
References
1814 births
1891 deaths
Members of the Legislative Council of the Province of Canada
Canadian senators from Ontario
Liberal Party of Canada senators
Mayors of London , Ontario
Mycobacterium scrofulaceum is a species of Mycobacterium .
It is the most common cause of mycobacterial cervical lymphadenitis in children .
It is sometimes included in the `` MAIS group '' with Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium intracellulare .
Treatment
Due to the rarity of infection , no prospective studies have been undertaken and therefore treatment choices remain somewhat controversial . For childhood infection , surgery is the recommended treatment , in which the lesion is excised without chemotherapy . The success rate for this treatment is 95 % . Drugs which are used in treatment of Mycobacterium scrofulaceum include isoniazid , rifampin and streptomycin .
References
External links
Type strain of Mycobacterium scrofulaceum at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
scrofulaceum
Adhaim Dam is a multi-purpose embankment dam on the Al Uzaym ( Adhaim ) River 133 km northeast of Baghdad , Iraq . The purpose of the dam is flood control , hydro-power and irrigation . The dam was completed in 2000 with only the embankment , spillway and intake . The power station and irrigation outlets are unfinished . When complete , the power station will have a 27 MW installed capacity and the irrigation outlet will be able to discharge .
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Iraq
References
Dams in Iraq
Hydroelectric power stations in Iraq
Embankment dams
Saladin Governorate
Dams completed in 2000
2000 establishments in Iraq
The Vinnytsia TV Mast ( ) is a 354-metre , 1161 ft high guyed steel tube mast , used for FM- and TV-transmission , in Vinnytsia , Ukraine . A special feature of its structure are three crossbars arranged in 120 degree angles in two levels , running from its structure to the guys . It was built in 1961 .
Since height reduction of Belmont TV Mast it is the tallest guyed tubular steel mast in the world .
See also
List of masts
External links
SkyScraperPage.com info page
Radio masts and towers in Europe
Towers in Ukraine
Buildings and structures in Vinnytsia
Towers completed in 1961
1961 establishments in Ukraine
Buildings and structures destroyed during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Robert Seggie `` Bobby '' Cairns ( 27 May 1929 – 26 June 1998 ) was a former Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke City .
Career
Cairns began playing football with Royal Albert , Third Lanark and Ayr United . They joined Stoke City along with fellow Ayr United teammate Joe Hutton in 1953 . They became a creative wing half for the `` Potters '' and was more of a playmaker than a goalscorer . They made almost 200 League and Cup appearances for Stoke in eight seasons at the Victoria Ground before leaving for non-league Macclesfield Town in 1961 .
Career statistics
References
External links
Scottish footballers
Ayr United F.C . players
Third Lanark A.C. players
Macclesfield Town F.C . players
Royal Albert F.C . players
Stoke City F.C . players
English Football League players
1929 births
1998 deaths
Association football wing halves
Scottish Football League players
Footballers from Glasgow
Navstar 7 , also known as GPS I-7 and GPS SVN-7 , was an American navigation satellite which was lost in a launch failure in 1981 . It was intended to be used in the Global Positioning System development program . It was the seventh of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched , and the only one to fail to achieve orbit .
Background
Global Positioning System ( GPS ) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground , sea , and air forces . Since its implementation , GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe , including recreational used ( e.g. , boating , aircraft , hiking ) , corporate vehicle fleet tracking , and surveying . GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55° . These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane .
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft ( GPS Block 1 ) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system . They were 3-axis stabilized , nadir pointing using reaction wheels . Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts . They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency ( UHF ) cross-link between spacecraft . They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems , were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed , and had a design life expectancy of 5 years . Unlike the later operational satellites , GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63° .
Launch
Navstar 7 was launched at 01:10 UTC on 19 December 1981 , atop an Atlas E launch vehicle with an SGS-1 upper stage . The Atlas used had the serial number 76E , and was originally built as an Atlas E. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 3E at Vandenberg Air Force Base .
During preparations for launch , a seal on the number B2 engine of the MA-3 booster section of the Atlas was replaced . Sealant from this seeped into three coolant holes , plugging them . Four seconds after liftoff , the engine overheated and burned through its gas generator , severing an oxidiser line . Within seven and a half seconds of launch , the engine lost thrust , causing the rocket to pitch out of control . It was destroyed by range safety officer , with debris landing within of the launch pad , less than twenty seconds after liftoff .
Mission
If the launch had been successful , it would have placed Navstar 7 into a transfer orbit , from which the satellite would have raised itself into medium Earth orbit by means of a Star-27 apogee motor . The spacecraft had a design life of 5 years and a mass of .
References
Spacecraft launched in 1981
GPS satellites
Satellite launch failures
Galala University ( Arabic : جامعة الجلالة ) is a national , non-profit Egyptian university located in Al Galala in Suez . The university includes 13 faculties in different fields of study . It was established by presidential decree in August 2020 .
Location
Galala University is located in the city of Galala Plateau in the Governorate of Suez on the coast of the Red Sea , on the El Galala Maritime Plateau , which is 700 meters above sea level between Ain Sokhna and Zaafarana .
Project
The Armed Forces Engineering Authority , about 100 Egyptian national companies , and 150,000 workers , employees and engineers participated in the Galala Plateau project . Galala University was one of the project 's goals on 173.5 feddans
Studying System
The study at the university is based on the credit hour system that allows students to choose the courses they register to study in each semester , under academic guidance that tracks the student 's progress and ability to continue their studies .
In May 2021 , GU signed an agreement with Arizona State University which aims to grant GU graduates dual degrees in the future in the fields of Engineering , Social & Human Sciences , Basic Sciences , Administrative Sciences , Media Production , and Art & Design , in addition to granting an accredited certificate from GU with administrative assistance from the commercial partner of Arizona State University ( CINTANA ) for the Fields of Pharmacy . Physical therapy , Nursing , and Food Industries .
Faculties and Centers
Galala University contains 13 faculties , and offers 66 programs in fields of study ranging from medicine , science , engineering , media and communication , in addition to a college for graduate studies and 4 research and technology centers in addition to the Higher Academy of Sciences , a university hospital , and housing for students and professors . The university will accommodate 12,750 students in its three stages .
Faculties :
Faculty of social and human science
Faculty of administrative science
Faculty of Mass media and Communication
Faculty of Arts
Faculty of Engineering
Faculty of Computer science
Faculty of Architecture
Faculty of Food and Food industries
Faculty of Medicine
Faculty of dentistry
Faculty of Physical Therapy
Faculty of Pharmacy ( pharma D Program )
Faculty of Engineering
Construction Engineering & Specialized Construction Program .
Architecture Engineering :
Architectural Design & Digital Architecture Program .
Environmental Architecture & Building Technology Program .
Mechanical Engineering :
Mechatronics & Industrial Automation Engineering Program .
Material & Manufacturing Engineering Program .
Electrical Engineering :
Power Engineering .
Computer Engineering Program .
Artificial Intelligence Engineering Program .
References
Universities in Egypt
Research institutes in Egypt
Science and technology in Egypt
Al Galala
2020s establishments in Egypt
Fazel Atrachali ( , born 29 March 1992 ) is an Iranian kabaddi player who currently captains U Mumba in the VIVO Pro Kabaddi League and the Iran National kabaddi team .
Atrachali is one of the most successful foreign players in the history of the Pro Kabaddi League and is currently the only foreign player to rank among the top 10 tackle points scorer in league history . In the 4th edition of the VIVO Pro Kabaddi league , they won the award of the Best Defender of the Season award . They are the highest-paid foreign player in the Pro Kabbadi League . They have 367 tackle points in Pro Kabaddi League .
Early life
Atrachali started playing kabaddi from the young age of 11 in their hometown Gorgan in Iran . They have represented their country in the 2010 and 2014 Asian games , and even captained the national team in the 2014 games . Before entering into Pro Kabaddi League , they used to work as a blacksmith in their hometown as a side profession . They played the Asian Indoor Games in 2013 . When not training hard on the mats or busy at work in the office , Atrachali enjoys wrestling in their free time .
Kabaddi career
Pro Kabaddi
Season 2
Atrachali made their VIVO Pro Kabaddi debut against Dabang Delhi in U Mumba 's 29-25 win in Hyderabad , where they scored two tackle points . In their second outing , they scored a season-high of seven points against Puneri Paltan in their team 's 39-34 victory . Atrachali featured in five matches in Season 2 , scoring 12 points .
Season 3
Atrachali was a much more prominent figure in U Mumba 's roster in Season 3 and featured 11 times , scoring 32 tackle points and one raid point . They had a tackle success rate of 50 % and was U Mumba 's second-highest scoring defender of the campaign .
Season 4
Atrachali moved to the Patna Pirates for Season 4 and blossomed into one of the league 's best defenders . They finished the season as the leading tackle point scorer with 52 in 16 matches , which included four High 5s and seven Super Tackles . They won the VIVO Pro Kabaddi title with the Patna Pirates and was also awarded the Best Defender Award .
Season 5
The left corner joined new franchise Gujarat Fortunegiants for Season 5 and enjoyed another stellar individual campaign . They scored 57 tackle points , with five High 5s and three Super Tackles at a tackle strike rate of 57.57 in 24 matches . They led the Fortunegiants to the final where they were beaten by Patna Pirates .
Season 6
U Mumba re-signed Atrachali from the Season 6 auction and named them captain . Atrachali featured in all of U Mumba 's 23 matches and finished with 83 tackle points with six High 5s and three Super Tackles . They finished third in the race for Best Defender behind Nitesh Kumar and Parvesh Bhainswal .
Season 7
U Mumba retained Atrachali for PKL 7 . They led the team to the semifinal where they eventually lost to Bengal Warriors . Atrachali enjoyed a decent season , finishing the league as the Best Defender with 82 tackle points . Their best performance came against Haryana Steelers , where they scored 8 tackle points .
International
Atrachali was part of Iran 's World Cup team that lost in the final to India and was also a member of the Asian Games Gold Medal Winning team , of which they were the captain .
Records and achievements
VIVO Pro Kabaddi Best Defender ( 2016 ) - Season 4 ( 2019 ) - Season 7
VIVO Pro Kabaddi Champion ( 2015 ) - Season 2 ( 2016 ) - Season 4
Asian Games Gold ( 2018 )
References
Living people
Iranian kabaddi players
1992 births
Asian Games medalists in kabaddi
Kabaddi players at the 2010 Asian Games
Kabaddi players at the 2014 Asian Games
Kabaddi players at the 2018 Asian Games
Pro Kabaddi League players
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games silver medalists for Iran
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
The following is a list of the 433 communes of the Aude department of France .
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2020 ) :
Communauté d'agglomération Carcassonne Agglo
Communauté d'agglomération Le Grand Narbonne
Communauté de communes Castelnaudary Lauragais Audois
Communauté de communes Corbières Salanque Méditerranée ( partly )
Communauté de communes Lauragais Revel Sorezois ( partly )
Communauté de communes du Limouxin
Communauté de communes de la Montagne Noire
Communauté de communes Piège-Lauragais-Malepère
Communauté de communes des Pyrénées Audoises
Communauté de communes Région Lézignanaise , Corbières et Minervois
References
Aude
Phillips Laboratory was a research and development organization operated by the United States Air Force Material Command . In 1997 , the Laboratory was merged into the Air Force Research Laboratory as the Space Vehicles and Directed Energy Directorates . It was located at Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The Laboratory was named after Gen Samuel C. Phillips , a former Director of the Apollo Manned Lunar Landing Project .
References
Military units and formations in New Mexico
Jeneponto Regency ( , ) is a regency of South Sulawesi Province of Indonesia . It covers the south coast of the southern peninsula of Sulawesi , with a total area of 749.79 km2 and a population of 342,222 at the 2010 Census and 401,610 at the 2020 Census . The official estimate for mid 2021 was 405,508 . The principal town lies at Bontosunggu . The northern part of the regency ( including an inland salient towards the northeast forming Rumbia District ) consists of a plateau with an altitude of 500 to 1400 metres above sea level , the middle part has an altitude of 100 to 500 metres , while the south includes lowland areas with an altitude of 0 to 150 metres , including a coastline of 114 km on the Flores Sea .
Administrative Districts
Jeneponto Regency is divided into eleven Districts ( Kecamatan ) , tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census , together with the official estimates for mid 2021 .
References
Regencies of South Sulawesi
Dr. Dale T. Chapman is an American school administrator . They are the former president of Lewis and Clark Community College in Godfrey , Illinois .
Education
Chapman received their Doctorate in Education , with a concentration in Administration , Planning and Social Policy , from Harvard University . They earned a master 's degree from Michigan State University , a bachelor 's degree from the University of Kentucky and an associate degree from Northern Community College in Kentucky .
Career
Prior to Lewis and Clark , their professional career included graduate and administrative positions with the College Board , the American Council on Education , Education Commission of the States , Harvard University , Suomi College , Kentucky Council on Higher Education , University of Kentucky , and Jefferson Community College .
Chapman also has an extensive background in working with state and regional organizations . Their past statewide affiliations include : The Legislative Committee , Illinois Council of Community College Presidents ; Member and Program Chair of the Illinois Lewis and Clark Bicentennial Commission and Vice Chairman , Governor 's Higher Education Transition Team . Regional affiliations have included , among others , the following : Board Chairman , River Bend Growth Association ; Board Chairman , Madison County Urban League ; Campaign Chairman , United Way of Greater St. Louis ; Board Member , St. Anthony 's Hospital ; Board Chairman , Riverbend Head Start and Family Services ; Board Member , Greater Alton/Twin Rivers Convention & Visitors Bureau ; Executive Committee , Southwestern Illinois Employers Association ; President , Lewis and Clark Community College Foundation ; Board Chair , U. S. Army Corps of Engineers Meeting of the Rivers Foundation ; Board Member , Education Committee , Missouri Botanical Garden ; and Chair , Salvation Army .
During their tenure as the president of Lewis and Clark , the college 's enrollment more than quadrupled from 3,000 to 20,000 students . Chapman has also overseen the construction of many major capital projects totaling more than $ 123,000,000 . Major projects include : the McPike Complex , which includes the Olin Science Building , The Commons , Robert L. Watson Math Building and the Templin Nursing Building ; the River Bend Arena , the renovation of Trimpe ; the construction and renovation of the N.O . Nelson Campus in Edwardsville , the construction of the Macoupin County Community Education Center in Carlinville , the renovation and construction of music facilities including the Ringhausen Music Building , the renovation of Gilman Hall and the relocation of the Benjamin Godfrey Chapel ; the National Great Rivers Research and Education Center 's Jerry F. Costello Confluence Field Station , and many other campus improvement and renovation projects .
The college received national publicity in 2010 when Chapman retired ( on May 31 ) in an effort to access their vested retirement funds and resolve financial issues that stemmed from the purchase of an investment property in Massachusetts a number of years prior . According to the college , the Board of Trustees reluctantly acceded to Chapman 's retirement request and indicated they were `` hopeful that Dr. Chapman would consider being rehired as President once they are able to resolve their financial issues . '' Vice President Gary Ayres was named Acting President .
In August 2010 , the Board voted unanimously to rehire Chapman as president . Board Chairman Robert Watson was quoted as saying , “ For nearly 20 years Dr. Chapman has led Lewis and Clark Community College through tremendous periods of growth ; they have worked with local , state and national agencies to expand learning and cultural opportunities for residents of this district ; and they continue to be a respected leader in higher education across the nation and in this community . They have a proven track record of success at Lewis and Clark , and we are pleased to welcome them back as president . ”
The actions of the Board of Trustees that allowed the arrangement have been questioned , as they held the position open and did not search for a new president . A similar situation led to the resignation of Louisiana Commissioner of Education Sally Clausen of Baton Rouge earlier that year after they retired for one day and returned to the job to collect both salary of more than $ 500,000 annually and retirement benefits simultaneously .
The practice of double-dipping is illegal in most states and has been outlawed in Illinois beginning in 2011 . Although Chapman 's situation is slightly ambiguous , they are not receiving an annuity and therefore not truly receiving two simultaneous salaries .
Chapman retired in December 2019 at the request of the Board of Trustees .
References
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
Michigan State University alumni
University of Kentucky alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
Valentin Khristoforovich Kolumb ( Mari and Russian : Валентин Христофорович Колумб , 3 May 1935 , Mizener - 8 December 1974 ) was a Mari poet .
They were also a translator , translating works of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , William Shakespeare , Sándor Petőfi , Nikolay Nekrasov , Alexander Blok , Sergei Yesenin , Aleksandr Tvardovsky and others into Mari .
Sources
80th birth anniversary article
1935 births
1974 deaths
People from Morkinsky District
Mari people
Translators of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Translators of William Shakespeare
Maxim Gorky Literature Institute alumni
Rosy Lubaki ( born 10 February 1998 ) is a Congolese football player who plays for Hungarian club Újpest II .
Career
Újpest
On 10 November 2018 , Lubaki played their first match for Újpest in a 4-1 win against Kisvárda in the Hungarian League .
Club statistics
Updated to games played as of 19 May 2019 .
References
External links
Profile at MLSZ
1998 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Association football forwards
Újpest FC players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Íðunn Magnussen ( born 15 August 1993 ) is a Faroese football midfielder who currently plays for EB/Streymur/Skála .
Honours
EB/Streymur/Skála
Runners-up
1. deild kvinnur ( 2 ) : 2013 , 2014
International goals
Scores and results list Faroe Islands ' goal tally first .
References
External links
Íðunn Magnussen profile at FaroeSoccer
1993 births
Living people
Faroese women 's footballers
Faroe Islands women 's youth international footballers
Faroe Islands women 's international footballers
Women 's association football midfielders
Homeland Insecurity is the debut album by Endwell . It was released on October 31 , 2006 on Victory Records .
Track listing
`` The End ''
`` A Taste of Everest ''
`` Single and Loving It ''
`` Four Letter Words ''
`` Homeland Insecurity ''
`` Goodbyes Are Always Coldest in December ''
`` Boy Meets World War III ''
`` I 'm Frozen and You 're Dead ''
`` Drowning ( One Last Breath ) ''
`` Whine and Dine ''
`` Fever White ''
`` Zombies Never Think Twice ''
`` Single And Loving It '' was made into a music video .
2006 albums
Endwell ( band ) albums
Saint Demetrius-Balș Church ( ) is a Romanian Orthodox church located at 14 Decembrie 1989 Street , nr . 15 , in Iași , Romania . It is dedicated to Saint Demetrius of Thessaloniki .
The church was built in 1690 by medelnicer Ionașcu Balș ( 1663-1738 ) . Belonging to the Moldavian style , it was devastated by fire in 1723 ; the blaze began in a nearby brick workshop or , according to other sources , in the church itself . Balș and their son Lupu rebuilt the church , adding stone walls and a new roof . Initially , the building was entered through an open terrace on the south side ; its remnants can still be seen in the stonemasonry . There was a niche with an icon of Saint Demetrius , now partly hidden by a window . In 1781 , a foyer was added on the western side , with a bell tower above . At that point , the entrance was moved to the west , through the closed foyer under the tower , while the other door was shut up behind a wall . For a long time , members of the Balș family financed the church , which had a separate administration , even though it was a filial of the Saint George-Lozonschi Church . Various princes of Moldavia , particularly members of the Mavrocordatos family , offered gifts to the parish .
In 1857 , a grave was built for the Balș family in the vestibule , gathering remains from the cemetery in the churchyard . In 1900 , eight headstones of the family were brought in from the cemetery and placed in the foyer walls . Five are in the Romanian Cyrillic alphabet , two in Greek and one is almost completely effaced . The plate for the crypt , made of Carrara marble , was vandalized by an individual who removed the Greek letters of gilt metal . A professor attempted to decipher the inscription in 1902 , but could only make out a few words . At that point , another plaque was set up ; the refurbishment was carried out by Gheorghe Balș .
Damaged by fire and earthquakes over time , the church was restored in 1897 by administrator Mihail Balș , following the plans of architect Iancu Catargiu . This is mentioned in a dedication above the entrance , and at the same time , a white marble plate with the names of several deceased was also installed . Serious repairs were undertaken in 1948-1952 in order to fix damage caused during World War II . New renovations took place in 1994-1998 ; the iconostasis was repaired and the interior was repainted in neo-Byzantine fresco . The church has two bells from 1690 and 1692 , while the iconostasis was carved in classic Baroque around 1800 .
The church is listed as a historic monument by Romania 's Ministry of Culture and Religious Affairs .
Notes
Historic monuments in Iași County
Romanian Orthodox churches in Iași
Churches completed in 1690
1690 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
In Fijian mythology ( Fiji ) , Daucina ( `` torchbearer '' ) is the great god of seafaring Fiji . When Daucina was a toddler , they were only quiet when looking at a lamp . Their mother tied fiery reeds to their head so that they would be calm . They have roamed the coral reefs with a hood on ever since . They are a trickster and a patron of adulterers , and a seducer of women .
References
Fijian deities
Love and lust gods
Sea and river gods
Trickster gods
Brian Joseph Meehan ( born 16 July 1967 in Limerick , Ireland ) is a trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses who began their career as a licensed trainer in 1992 . Since 2006 they have been based on the Marlborough Downs at the historic Manton Estate near Manton , Wiltshire , which they purchased in October 2017 .
Major wins
Cheveley Park Stakes - ( 2 ) Magical Romance ( 2004 ) , Donna Blini ( 2005 )
Champion Stakes - ( 1 ) David Junior ( 2005 )
Eclipse Stakes - ( 1 ) David Junior ( 2006 )
Racing Post Trophy - ( 1 ) Crowded House ( 2008 )
St. James 's Palace Stakes - ( 1 ) Most Improved ( 2012 )
Dubai Duty Free Stakes - ( 1 ) David Junior ( 2006 )
Prix de la Forêt - ( 1 ) Tomba ( 1998 )
Prix Morny - ( 2 ) Bad As I Wan na Be ( 2000 ) , Arcano ( 2009 )
Bayerisches Zuchtrennen - ( 1 ) Kaieteur ( 2002 )
Breeders ' Cup Turf - ( 2 ) Red Rocks ( 2006 ) , Dangerous Midge ( 2010 )
References
1967 births
Living people
Irish horse trainers
British horse trainers
People from Limerick ( city )
Salome Creek is a watercourse in the Salome Wilderness in central Arizona , United States .
Natural history
The oldest exposed rock forms in the watershed are graphic granite , which dates to 1400 million years before present . The watershed holds a diverse flora and fauna . Within this part of the Sierra Ancha range there are notable disjunctive populations of Coastal woodfern , Dryopteris arguta ; this fern is otherwise common in areas nearer the Pacific coast .
See also
Workman Creek
References
Citations
Ivo Lucchitta . 2001 . Hiking Arizona 's Geology , Published by The Mountaineers Books ,
Tom Dollar and Jerry Sieve . 1999 . Guide to Arizona 's Wilderness Areas , Big Earth Publishing ,
C. Michael Hogan . 2008 . Coastal Woodfern ( Dryopteris arguta ) , GlobalTwitcher , ed . N. Stromberg
External links
–
Rivers of Gila County , Arizona
Rivers of Arizona
El Salvador competed at the 2019 Parapan American Games held from August 23 to September 1 , 2019 in Lima , Peru . Athletes representing El Salvador won one gold medal in total and the country finished in 15th place in the medal table .
Medalists
Athletics
El Salvador competed in athletics .
Boccia
El Salvador competed in boccia .
Powerlifting
Herbert Aceituno won the gold medal in the men 's 65kg event . They also won the Best Male Athlete of Lima 2019 award .
Swimming
El Salvador competed in swimming .
Table tennis
El Salvador competed in table tennis .
Wheelchair tennis
El Salvador competed in wheelchair tennis .
References
2019 in Salvadoran sport
Nations at the 2019 Parapan American Games
The Toprakkale–Iskendurun railway ( ) is a long electrified railway in southern Turkey . The railway branches off the Adana–Nusaybin railway at Toprakkale and heads south along the northeastern coast of the Mediterranean in the province Hatay . The line is an important freight route and the southernmost railway on the eastern iron-ore rail corridor . The line services the Port of İskendurun as well as the İsdemir steel mill . Primary traffic along the railway are freight trains carrying iron ore from the mines near Divriği , in northern Turkey . The line was opened on 1 November 1912 by the Baghdad Railway . Today , the line is owned and operated by the Turkish State Railways .
Railway lines opened in 1912
Railway lines in Turkey
Romeo Shahinas ( born 25 February 1996 ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Arce and the Albania national under-21 football team .
Club career
Early career
Shahinas was born in Korçë , Albania and at age of 9 they moved to Italy alongside their family . A year after they made their first steps to football as they were registered at Fabrica Carbognano , a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Viterbo in the Italian region Latium , located about northwest of Rome , where they played for 3 years . During their time with Fabrica Carbognano they caught attention of A.S. Roma scouts and when they saw them during a tournament they invited them for a trial . During their trial Roma 's scouts said that they were pleasured with their form and will offer them to sign a contract after a year . They had offers from different Italian clubs such as S.S. Lazio , ACF Fiorentina and Empoli F.C . but decided to sign with Roma in 2009 .
Latina
On 28 July 2014 they signed for U.S. Latina and was put into the primavera team . During the second-half of the 2014–15 season of Serie B they gained entry with the first team and participated in 4 matches .
They made it their first professional debut on 2 April 2016 against Avellino coming on as a substitute in place of Pasquale Schiattarella .
Partizani Tirana
Following arrival of Mark Iuliano as a head coach of FK Partizani Tirana , they brought along Shahinas and Andrea Selvaggio with parameters 0 . Shortly after the departure of coach Mark Iuliano , Partizani announced to have interrupted contracts by mutual consensus with Shahinas along Andrea Selvaggio , Eric Herrera and Milan Basrak .
In summer 2019 , Shahinas signed for US Arce after a spell at Rotonda Calcio .
International career
Shahinas received their first Albania under-17 call-up by manager Džemal Mustedanagić for a friendly tournament developed in August 2012 in Romania .
Shahinas participated with the Albania national under-17 football team in the 2013 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualifying round during October 2012 . Under the national coach Dzemal Mustedanagić they played in 2 matches , 1 as a starter and 1 as a substitute , also being an unused substitute on the bench for 1 match .
They were invited once at the Albania national under-19 football team by coach Foto Strakosha for the friendly match against Italy U19 on 14 May 2014 .
Personal life
Shahinas has declared that they are a fan of A.S. Roma and that was the reason that they signed immediately with them in first offer , despite other offers . Their inspirations are Daniele De Rossi at Roma and Lorik Cana , the Albania national team 's captain for their style of warriors on the pitch .
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from Korçë
Albanian footballers
Albania youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Latina Calcio 1932 players
S.S . Racing Club Roma players
FK Partizani Tirana players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Albanian expatriate footballers
Albanian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Fredric Pettersson ( born 11 February 1989 ) is a Swedish handball player for Fenix Toulouse and the Swedish national team .
They participated at the 2017 World Men 's Handball Championship .
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from Jönköping
Swedish male handball players
Expatriate handball players
IFK Kristianstad players
Montpellier Handball players
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in France
Hammarby IF Handboll players
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic handball players of Sweden
Sportspeople from Jönköping County
Tomislav Gondžić ( born 30 April 1980 in Croatia ) is a Croatian retired footballer .
Club career
Gondžić had a spell in the Austrian third and fourth tier , with SC Weiz .
References
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Zagreb
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Croatian footballers
NK Inter Zaprešić players
NK Croatia Sesvete players
GNK Dinamo Zagreb players
NK Zadar players
Croatian Football League players
Austrian Landesliga players
Austrian Regionalliga players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Bordoisila is a native Assamese word native to the state of Assam in India . It originally refers to the Spirit Goddess of Wind and Rain ( Nature ) and so wild wind occurs in Assam , that marks the incoming monsoon season , as it is accompanied with heavy showers and strong wind causing widespread damage .
The word is derived from Bodo language word Bardwi-sikla , which means Bar– Wind , Dwi– Water/Rain , Sikla– Young lady .
Legend
Legend has it that a young , married woman spirit who in a hurry to fly back to their maternal place destroys literally everything on their path ; Bordoisila comes to Assam . The word `` Bordoisila '' is maybe derived from the Boro word `` Bardoisikla '' . Bardoisikhla breaks down to `` Bar- '' meaning wind , `` -doi- '' means water and `` -sikhla '' means girl in Boro language . It represents the Spirit of Nature , Wind and Rain , and it marks the beginning of the festival month of Bohag/Bwishagu ( Spring season ) . Yubi Lakpi is also a popular Bodo dance-form like Bardwisikhla .
`` ...... nalbirinar paah , brahmaputrot halise jalise , boga koi bogoli nil aakaxot urise , aahise bohagi tai maa'kor ghoroloi bordoisila hoi ........... ''
As the folk song says `` Bohag '' , the spring season comes to their mothers place , Assam disguised as Bordoisila .
Onset of spring
Whatever the meaning is , Bordoisila brings in with it `` Bohag '' , the spring season of merriment and celebration , making the entire state dress up its newest green and flavor . The blooming `` kopow '' ( orchid ) flowers and the shrill calls of the cuckoo makes people of Assam ; Axomiya dance with the rhythms of 'dhol ' , 'pepa ' , 'gogona ' ......... creating waves of `` Bihu '' from Sadiya in the east to Dhubri in far west .
Also it can be identified as Pre-monsoon shower which is very necessary for the cultivation of rice , jute , tea etc .
References
Culture of Assam
Because Chile extends from a point about 625 kilometers north of the Tropic of Capricorn to a point hardly more than 1,400 kilometers north of the Antarctic Circle , within its territory can be found a broad selection of the Earth 's climates .
In 1950 , CORFO defined , following criteria of geographic and economic homogeneity , six regions in continental Chile : Norte Grande , Norte Chico , Núcleo Central , Concepción y La Frontera , Los Lagos and Los Canales .
Although this territorial division was never used to define administrative entities ( as the current Regions of Chile ) , the natural regions continue to be used for reference purposes .
Overview
These natural regions are ordered from north to south and reduced to five natural regions : Each has its own characteristic vegetation , fauna , climate , and , despite the omnipresence of both the Andes and the Pacific , its own distinct topography .
Norte Grande
Most of the region is covered by the Atacama Desert and has a dry arid climate . The coast range has peaks over 2000 m and ends in cliffs in the coast . There are large salt flats in the Intermediate depression and the Andes . Norte Grande has Chile 's highest mountains including Ojos del Salado ( 6,891 m ) but host also the Altiplano and puna high plateaus .
Norte Chico
The region has semi-arid climate , characterized by the transition from the Atacama Desert to the Mediterranean Matorral vegetation . The coast range and the Andes merges in this zone leaving no space for the Intermediate depression which is `` replaced '' by several transversal ( east-west ) valleys . The lack of an intermediate depression and absence of volcanic activity are believed to be the result of the flat-slab subduction of the Juan Fernández Ridge .
Zona Central
Mediterranean climate , vegetation of the Chilean Matorral . The Intermediate Depression of central Chile extends from Santiago to the south as a fertile region and is considered the agricultural heartland of Chile . After the Destruction of Seven Cities ( 1598–1604 ) , all major settlements within the colonial Captaincy General of Chile came to be confined in central Chile , excepting only La Serena and the Chiloé Archipelago .
Zona Sur
Temperate oceanic climate , vegetation of Valdivian temperate rain forests . The coast range is lower than further north with no peak over 1,500 m. The Intermediate depression is close to sea level . There are features from the last glacial maximum in the Andes and the Intermediate depression such as moraines and glacial lakes . Intensive volcanism in the Andes in form of volcanoes and hot springs .
Zona Austral
Covers all of Chilean Patagonia , and the Chiloé Archipelago . Zona austral has a subpolar oceanic climate and a vegetation of Magellanic subpolar forests in the west and Patagonian grasslands in the east . The former Patagonian Ice Sheet have eroded the coast range so that it now of islands and is not present south of Taitao Peninsula . The Intermediate depression is under the sea level . Fjords penetrate the Andes where there are also two ice sheets and several glacial lakes .
See also
Climate of Chile
Geography of Chile
Geology of Chile
Notes
Natural history of Chile
Subdivisions of Chile
The Gorlo ( Russian : Горло ) , the narrowest part of Penzhina Bay , separates it into two parts . Its northwestern and northeastern points are Capes Opasnyy and Mamet and its southwestern and southeastern points are Capes Yelistratova ( 61° 31 ' N , 163° 02 ' E ) and Vodopadnyy ( 61° 25 ' N , 163° 46 ' E ) , respectively . Tidal currents in The Gorlo reach 4.7 to 5 knots .
Administratively The Gorlo belongs to the Kamchatka Krai of the Russian Federation .
History
American whaleships hunted bowhead whales in The Gorlo from 1860 to 1889 . They called it the Narrows . Ships drifted through The Gorlo on fair tides and anchored during head tides . They also traded with the native Koryaks for salmon trout .
References
Bodies of water of the Kamchatka Peninsula
Hurricane Blas was a Category 1 hurricane that brought winds and flooding to several Mexican states in June 2022 . The second named storm and second hurricane of the 2022 Pacific hurricane season , Blas developed from a low-pressure area off the coast of southwestern Mexico . It became a tropical depression on June 14. and strengthened into a tropical storm later that same day . Blas became a hurricane the next day , while paralleling the coast . The system reached its peak intensity on June 17 , at 15:00 UTC , with maximum sustained winds of and a central pressure of . Later , Blas turned to the west and weakened , becoming a tropical depression on June 20 , before transitioning into a post-tropical cyclone on that same day .
Damage from the hurricane was minimal as it remained offshore . All totaled , Blas was responsible for the deaths of four people in Mexico .
Meteorological history
On June 7 , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) began tracking a disturbance with potential for potential tropical development south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec . Late on June 10 , a broad low-pressure area formed off the coast of southwestern Mexico , producing disorganized showers and thunderstorms in an environment conducive for gradual development . By 09:00 UTC on June 14 , the low had become a tropical depression while it was situated about 395 mi ( 635 km ) south-southeast of Manzanillo , Colima . Six hours later , the depression strengthened into a tropical storm , and was assigned the name Blas . The storm 's convective organization continued to improve through the day according to satellite imagery , maintaining a well-defined structure and developing prominent convective banding features , as a circular central dense overcast overcast became embedded on the system . On June 15 , Blas began to rapidly intensify as it developed an inner core , and at 15:00 UTC that day , it became a Category 1 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson scale . Blas then developed a mid-level eye on the western portions of the cyclone , then maintained its intensity due to very cold cloud tops near the center and a strong upper-level outflow in three of the storm 's quadrants .
Blas strengthened slightly on June 17 , with its maximum sustained winds increasing to near 90 mph ( 150 km/h ) and a minimum central barometric pressure of 976 mbar ( 28.82 inHg ) . Soon after , the cyclone began to weaken as it moved westward . At 03:00 UTC on June 18 , Blas weakened to a tropical storm due to the mid-level center being sheared off to the southwestern side of the storm combined with colder sea surface temperatures as it moved north-west , with no deep convection near the surface center . The storm continued to weaken that day , with satellite images showing a partially exposed low-level center with convection confined to the southeastern quadrant of its circulation .
Despite persistent wind-shear and transiting over cool waters with temperatures below , Blas maintained limited convection on the eastern half into June 19 . By 21:00 UTC that day , only a few broken convective bands remain to the north and northeast of the storm 's center , and by 03:00 UTC on June 20 , satellite imagery indicated that it had lost almost all of its organized deep convection . With little or no convection remaining in association with Blas , along with their being no longer tropical-storm force winds in the circulation , the NHC downgraded the storm to a tropical depression six hours later . By 15:00 UTC that same day , Blas transitioned to a post-tropical cyclone about southwest of the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula . The remnant low later dissipated over the northern Pacific on June 24 .
Preparations and impact
On June 16 , state authorities in Oaxaca placed 60 municipalities , all still recovering from the impacts of Hurricane Agatha , on alert as Blas neared . Ports were also closed . In the state of Guerrero , schools were closed across 21 municipalities , including : Costa Chica , Costa Grande , and Acapulco ; classes were also suspended in Michoacán . Blas was responsible for four deaths . Two bodies were found at a beach in Acapulco with the cause of death unknown , but presumed to be storm-related . One Acapulco resident sustained injuries after a wall collapsed in their home . In the state of Puebla , two people were killed by a landslide in Eloxochitlán .
Blas caused only minor damage in Guerrero according to local authorities . At Acapulco , winds and rains from Blas caused beach erosion of over in length from El Morro beach . In Tecpán de Galeana , several acres ( hectares ) of banana crops were destroyed by strong winds . Two streams overflowed in Acapulco , flooding eight neighborhoods . Flooding was also reported in Manzanillo and Villa de Álvarez in Colima . Power outages were reported in Zihuatanejo and in Atoyac .
Authorities in Nayarit said that at least 100 people had been displaced by flooding in that state in the aftermath of the hurricane . Governor Miguel Ángel Navarro Quintero pledged that actions would be taken to rebuild the houses destroyed by the storm . Soon after Blas passed , the National Guard was activated to help in the cleanup and removal of debris in Michoacán and Guerrero .
See also
Weather of 2022
Tropical cyclones in 2022
Other storms named Blas
List of Category 1 Pacific hurricanes
Hurricane Cosme ( 2013 )
Hurricane Linda ( 2015 )
Tropical Storm Ileana ( 2018 )
References
External links
The National Hurricane Center 's advisory archive on Hurricane Blas
2022 Pacific hurricane season
Category 1 Pacific hurricanes
Tropical cyclones in 2022
Pacific hurricanes in Mexico
June 2022 events in Mexico
2022 in Mexico
Theren Churchill ( born October 12 , 1994 ) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
Amateur career
Edmonton Huskies
After finishing high school , Churchill played for the Edmonton Huskies of the Canadian Junior Football League for four years . They were named a Prairie Football Conference All-Star in 2016 .
Regina Rams
Churchill joined the Regina Rams of U Sports football in 2017 and immediately became the team 's starting right tackle . In their three seasons with the Rams , they started all 24 regular season games , and one post-season game in 2017 , all at right tackle .
Professional career
Churchill was drafted in the first round , ninth overall , in the 2020 CFL Draft by the Toronto Argonauts , but did not play in 2020 due to the cancellation of the 2020 CFL season . They then signed with the team on March 22 , 2021 . Churchill began the 2021 season on the practice roster , but was promoted to the active roster in week 6 and made their professional debut on September 10 , 2021 , against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats . They dressed in the remaining ten games of the regular season and made their first start in the last game of the regular season against the Edmonton Elks on November 16 , 2021 .
Personal life
Churchill first played ice hockey when they were five or six years old and then started playing gridiron football when they were nine or ten years old .
References
External links
Toronto Argonauts bio
1994 births
Living people
Canadian football offensive linemen
Canadian Junior Football League players
People from the County of Stettler No . 6
Players of Canadian football from Alberta
Regina Rams players
Toronto Argonauts players
The 1964 Copa Libertadores Finals was a football series between Argentine team Independiente and Uruguayan team Nacional on August 6 and 12 of this same year . It was the fifth final of South America 's most prestigious football competition , the Copa de Campeones ( known in the modern era as `` Copa Libertadores '' ) .
Both teams played the Copa Libertadores finals for the first time in their history .
Qualified teams
Venues
Match details
First leg
Second leg
References
1964
1
Club Nacional de Football matches
Club Atlético Independiente matches
1964 in Uruguayan football
1964 in Argentine football
Football in Avellaneda
The rufous-capped antshrike ( Thamnophilus ruficapillus ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
It is found in Argentina , Bolivia , Brazil , Paraguay , Peru , and Uruguay .
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests , subtropical or tropical moist shrubland , and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland .
The rufous-capped antshrike was described by the French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1816 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus ruficapillus .
References
rufous-capped antshrike
Birds of Argentina
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of the Selva Misionera
Birds of the South Region
Birds of Uruguay
Birds of the Yungas
rufous-capped antshrike
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
XHGDL-FM is a radio station on 88.7 FM in Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico . It is operated by Grupo Radiorama and carries its Arroba FM pop format .
History
Despite receiving its concession on October 28 , 1994 and signing on August 5 , 1995 , XEGDL has roots stretching to 1958 , when Rodolfo Navarro Palomares was authorized to build XENP-AM 1320 in Ocotlán . XENP never made it to air , and by the time a concession was issued , the station was on 730 kHz in Guadalajara with its current callsign and owned by Hernández Campos .
In 2017 , operation of XEGDL was taken over by Radiorama and the Arroba pop format was installed on the station , replacing its La Explosiva grupera format . On May 1 , 2018 , as part of second-wave AM-FM migration , XHGDL-FM 88.7 signed on the air .
References
1995 establishments in Mexico
Radio stations established in 1995
Radio stations in Guadalajara
Radio stations in Mexico
Spanish-language radio stations
The 1972 Cupa României Final was the 34th final of Romania 's most prestigious football cup competition . It was disputed between Rapid București and Jiul Petroşani , and was won by Rapid București after a game with 2 goals . It was the 8th cup for Rapid București .
Match details
See also
List of Cupa României finals
References
External links
Romaniansoccer.ro
1972
Cupa
Romania
FC Rapid București matches
Edward ( Bud ) Thomas Graham ( September 21 , 1927 - November 9 , 2003 ) was born in Hackensack , New Jersey . They were the fourth and youngest child of Cecilia ( Brown ) and John Graham .
Graham was employed as a classical recording engineer by CBS Records / Sony Classical for 45 years . Over the course of their career , they received six Grammy Awards and recorded many of the world 's most renowned musicians and orchestras .
They married June ( Lee ) Graham on May 7 , 1970 and had two daughters , Catherine ( b . 1972 ) and Jennifer ( b.1974 ) .
References
1927 births
2003 deaths
People from Hackensack , New Jersey
American audio engineers
Engineers from New Jersey
20th-century American engineers
Gaúcho or Corta Jaca is the Brazilian tango ( maxixe ) composed by Chiquinha Gonzaga , their most recorded song . It was a song from the burlesque operetta Zizinha Maxixe first staged in 1895 .
The original title being Gaucho , the song had the subtitle Dança do Corta-jaca . Eventually Corta jaca had become the best known title of the song . The dance in question is a Brazilian traditional dance , characterized by energetic individual spins , gymnastic moves , and percussive footwork . The expression `` corta jaca '' literally means `` cut the jackfruit '' and has a sexual innuendo , seen in the number Gaúcho itself .
The song caused a minor scandal when the First Lady of Brazil , Nair de Teffé , performed it on guitar in public in 1914 .
See also
Corta Jaca
References
Brazilian music
Tangos
1895 songs
The following is a list of notable people born in Värnamo and nearby villages .
A
Agnes Alexiusson , boxer
Ellen Allgurin , tennis player
Johan Andersson , footballer
Anna Anvegård , footballer
B
Alice Bah Kuhnke , Member of the European Parliament
Ulla Billquist , schlager singer
C
Pär Cederqvist , footballer
Martin Claesson , footballer
Viktor Claesson , footballer
E
Josef Elvby , footballer
Tobias Englund , footballer
G
Lars Gustafsson , wrestler
H
Signe Hebbe , operatic soprano and instructor
Carl-Axel Heiknert , actor
Niklas Hult , footballer
I
Stefan Ingvarsson , racewalker
J
Ville Jansson , tennis player
Alexander Johansson , ice hockey player
Hans-Göran Johansson , mayor of Värnamo Municipality and father of Annie Lööf
Per Johansson , footballer
Sven Johansson , sport shooter
L
Allan Larsson , politician
Björn Lekman , speed skater
John Ljunggren , Olympic gold medalist in racewalking
Alexander Lundh , motorcycle racer
Annie Lööf , leader of the Centre Party
M
Bruno Mathsson , furniture designer
N
Jesper Nelin , biathlete and Olympic gold medalist
Torsten Nothin , former Minister for Justice and Governor of Stockholm
Patrik Näslund , ice hockey player
O
Mats Odell , politician
Sven Ohlsson , wrestler
Hanna Ouchterlony , creator of the Swedish Salvation Army
R
Elbasan Rashani , footballer
Felix Rosenqvist , racing driver
Elize Ryd , singer-songwriter and member of the band Amaranthe
S
Loret Sadiku , footballer
Stig Sjölin , Olympic boxer
Allan Svensson , actor
Eva-Britt Svensson , former Member of the European Parliament
Michael Svensson , footballer
Freddy Söderberg , footballer
T
Mattias Tedenby , ice hockey player
Jonas Thern , football manager and former professional player
Simon Thern , footballer
Theresa Traore Dahlberg , film director and screenwriter
Ö
Bernt Östh , former Swedish Armed Forces officer
See also
: Category : People from Värnamo Municipality
Värnamo
is a railway station in Hōfu , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Daidō Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1900
Hōfu , Yamaguchi
Ian Potter ( born 6 August 1958 ) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s . They played at representative level for Great Britain and England , and at club level for Warrington ( Heritage No . 771 ) , Leigh ( two spells ) , and Wigan as a , or , i.e . number 11 or 12 , or 13 .
Background
Ian Potter was born in St. Helens , Lancashire , England .
Playing career
International honours
Potter won caps for England while at Warrington in 1981 against France , and Wales , played in Great Britain 's 7–8 defeat by France in the friendly at Stadio Pier Luigi Penzo , Venice on Saturday 31 July 1982 , and won caps for Great Britain while at Wigan in 1985 against New Zealand ( 3 matches ) , and in 1986 against France ( 2 matches ) , Australia ( 2 matches ) , and Australia ( interchange/substitute ) .
Premiership Final appearances
Potter played right- , i.e . number 12 , in Wigan 's 8–0 victory over Warrington in the Premiership Final during the 1986–87 season at Old Trafford , Manchester on Sunday 17 May 1987 .
Championship appearances
Potter played in Wigan 's victory in the Championship during the 1986–87 season .
World Club Challenge appearances
Potter played right- , i.e . number 12 , in Wigan 's 8–2 victory over Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the 1987 World Club Challenge at Central Park , Wigan on Wednesday 7 October 1987 .
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Potter played in Wigan 's 28–24 victory over Hull F.C . in the 1985 Challenge Cup Final during the 1984–85 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 4 May 1985 , played right- , i.e . number 12 , in the 32–12 victory over Halifax in the 1988 Challenge Cup Final during the 1987–88 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 30 April 1988 , and played right- in the 27–0 victory over St. Helens , and in the 1989 Challenge Cup Final during the 1988–89 season at Wembley Stadium , London on Saturday 29 April 1989 .
County Cup Final appearances
Potter played as an interchange/substitute , i.e . number 15 , ( replacing Bob Eccles ) in Warrington 's 26–10 victory over Wigan in the 1980 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1980–81 season at Knowsley Road , St. Helens , on Saturday 4 October 1980 , played in Wigan 's 18–26 defeat by St. Helens in the 1984 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1984–85 season at Central Park , Wigan on Sunday 28 October 1984 , played in the 34–8 victory over Warrington in the 1985 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1985–86 season at Knowsley Road , St. Helens , on Sunday 13 October 1985 , played right- , i.e . number 12 , in the 15–8 victory over Oldham in the 1986 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1986–87 season at Knowsley Road , St. Helens , on Sunday 19 October 1986 , and played right- in the 28–16 victory over Warrington in the 1987 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1987–88 season at Knowsley Road , St. Helens , on Sunday 11 October 1987 .
Players No.6/John Player/John Player Special Trophy Final appearances
Potter played in Warrington 's 9–4 victory over Widnes in the 1977–78 Players No.6 Trophy Final during the 1977–78 season at Knowsley Road , St. Helens on Saturday 28 January 1978 , played right- , i.e . number 12 , in the 12–5 victory over Barrow in the 1980–81 John Player Trophy Final during the 1980–81 season at Central Park , Wigan on Saturday 24 January 1981 , played in Wigan 's 18–4 victory over Hull Kingston Rovers in the 1985–86 John Player Special Trophy Final during the 1985–86 season at Elland Road , Leeds on Saturday 11 January 1986 , played right- in the 18–4 victory over Warrington in the 1986–87 John Player Special Trophy Final during the 1986–87 season at Burnden Park , Bolton on Saturday 10 January 1987 , and played right- in the 12–6 victory over Widnes in the 1988–89 John Player Special Trophy Final during the 1988–89 season at Burnden Park , Bolton on Saturday 7 January 1989 .
Notable tour matches
Potter played in Warrington 's 15–12 victory over Australia at Wilderspool Stadium , Warrington on Wednesday 11 October 1978 , and played in Wigan 's 14–8 victory over New Zealand during the 1985 New Zealand rugby league tour of Great Britain and France at Central Park , Wigan on Sunday 6 October 1985 .
Club career
Ian Potter made their début for Warrington on Sunday 30 November 1975 , and they played their last match for Warrington on Sunday 20 September 1981 .
References
External links
Statistics at wigan.rlfans.com
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1958 births
Living people
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Leigh Centurions players
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from St Helens , Merseyside
Rugby league second-rows
Warrington Wolves players
Wigan Warriors players
Brian William Smith ( born March 26 , 1949 ) is a British–Canadian guitarist , known for being a founding member of the rock band Trooper .
Life and career
Early life
Smith was born in London and emigrated to Canada in 1951 .
Smith began performing on the guitar before they were fifteen years old . Some of their first gigs were playing with Don Geppert and Anne Attenborough in a band that played Hawaiian music . By the age of 16 they were playing guitar almost professionally . They graduated from Vancouver City College with a degree in Arts and Merchandising , but their love of music led them along another route . They are known as a guitarist and also as a co-writer of more than 100 songs , many of which have become hits .
Career
Smith has performed with Trooper along with Ra McGuire since 1975 , when their first album was released , until their 2021 retirement . They currently reside in Langley , BC .
At the 1999 SOCAN Awards , Smith and songwriting partner Ra McGuire received SOCAN Classic Awards for `` We 're Here for a Good Time '' and `` Santa Maria '' , presented for songs that have received over 100,000 documented radio plays .
Smith received a third SOCAN Classic Award in 2005 , for `` Oh , Pretty Lady . ''
Smith and Trooper continued to tour and perform across Canada . As part of the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics festivities , Smith was featured when Trooper performed on February 21 , 2010 . Coverage of the event was broadcast in Canada and around the world on networks such as CTV and MuchMusic .
On November 19 , 2012 , Smith was presented with a SOCAN National Achievement Award , which is presented to artists who have had outstanding success , predominantly in the Canadian music industry , over the span of their career . They also received three SOCAN Classic Awards for `` Raise A Little Hell '' , `` General Hand Grenade '' , and `` Janine '' , co-written with songwriting partner Ra McGuire . They were also nominated for the Composer of the year Juno award several times .
Personal life
Brian and their wife Joanne have been living for 40 years together , they are three times grandfather and their granddaughters have inspired them to stay healthy and to continue creating .
Retirement
Quoted from their official Facebook group , as of November 8 , 2021 , the final two founding members are retiring :
Instrument collection
Smith has a large collection of vintage guitars , including the following :
Fender Stratocaster
1974 Gibson Les Paul , which Smith still plays at every Trooper show .
A Gretsch Guitar , formerly owned and played by Randy Bachman of Bachman–Turner Overdrive and The Guess Who . This guitar was also used for the guitar riff at the end of the Trooper hit `` Round Round We Go '' .
A Bill Lewis handbuilt guitar which Smith played mostly when Trooper was known as Applejack . Several times they were nominated for the Composer of the year Juno award .
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Canadian rock guitarists
Canadian male guitarists
The following is a list of historic hotels in the New Zealand South Island Region of Otago .
Otago , which during the late nineteenth century was New Zealand 's richest province ( thanks to the Central Otago Gold Rush has a wealth of historic buildings , many of them originally dedicated to the accommodation and hospitality trade . The discovery of gold at Gabriel 's Gully in 1861 led to a massive influx of fortune-seekers , and the resulting gold strikes created much prosperity in the young colony . The area around Queenstown , Cromwell , and Clyde grew rapidly , as did the provincial capital , Dunedin , and the port towns of Oamaru and Port Chalmers . Many of New Zealand 's grandest Victorian buildings can be found in Otago as a result .
The following list is of buildings classified as Category I or II by the New Zealand Historic Places Trust located in Otago which served ( or were intended to serve ) much of their early history as accommodation or taverns . Note that in New Zealand English , the term `` hotel '' can refer to either a hostelry or to a public house , or — more commonly — to an establishment which serves both functions within the same building .
Dunedin
Chick 's Hotel , Mount Street , Port Chalmers ( Category II )
Former Dandie Dinmont Hotel , Doon Street , Waverley ( Category II ) – The `` White House '' of Waverley , close to the edge of the Otago Harbour was built in 1880 for William Larnach . Intended as a combined hotel and residence , it was never used for its intended purpose but remained a private residence .
Empire Hotel , Princes Street ( Category I ) – Previously The Queen 's Arms , the Empire 's origins go back to 1858 , not long after the foundation of Otago . The current building dates from 1879 , and the Empire name dates to 1898 . The more recent history of the Empire includes a close association with the local music culture which became known worldwide as the Dunedin sound .
Former Excelsior Hotel , Dowling Street ( Category II )
Law Courts Hotel , Stuart Street ( Category II ) – major Art Deco structure in the heart of Dunedin city .
Port Chalmers Hotel , Beach Street , Port Chalmers ( Category II )
Provincial Hotel , George Street , Port Chalmers ( Category II )
Southern Cross Hotel , High Street ( Category I ) – formerly the Grand Hotel , the elaborately façaded hotel was designed by Louis Boldini in the early 1880s .
Wains Hotel , Princes Street ( Category I ) – one of Dunedin 's best-known buildings , with an ornate façade and equally elaborate interior . Built at the height of the gold rush .
Former Woodhaugh Hotel , Malvern Street , Woodhaugh ( Category II )
North Otago and East Otago
Criterion Hotel , Clyde Street , Oamaru ( Category I ) – Built in 1881 from Oamaru Stone , this building is a major part of Oamaru 's historic precinct .
Junction Hotel , Wansbeck Street , Oamaru ( Category II ) – a major hilltop landmark close to the southern entrance to Oamaru .
Former Northern Hotel , Wansbeck Street , Oamaru ( Category II ) – Oamaru 's first hotel , built in 1860 .
Former Queen 's Hotel , Thames Street , Oamaru ( Category II ) – A major Victorian structure , built at the height of Otago 's prosperity in the 1880s
Former Star and Garter Hotel , Itchen Street , Oamaru ( Category I ) - Built in the mid-1860s
South Otago and West Otago
Former Waiwera Hotel , Waiwera South ( Category II )
Central Otago
Ancient Briton Hotel , Naseby ( Category II ) – Built in 1900 on the site of a historic goldfields tavern of the same name dating back to 1863 .
Cardrona Hotel False Front , Cardrona ( Category II ) – The gold-miner 's watering hole in Cardrona was little more than a tin shed , but to hide this , the publican had an impressive false front attached to the structure , which still survives - although the structure it hid has long been replaced by a more sturdy structure .
Former Commercial Hotel , Clyde ( Category II ) – Now the Dunstan Hotel , this stone structure dates to 1903 .
Former Dunstan Hotel , Clyde ( Category II ) – Not to be confused with the Former Commercial Hotel ( currently operating as the Dunstan Hotel ) this stone structure dates to 1900 and replaces the first Dunstan Hotel , which dated to the 1860s gold rush .
Eichardt 's Hotel , Queenstown ( Category II ) – One of Central Otago 's best-known buildings , Eichardt 's ( originally The Queen 's Arms ) was built in the 1860s and originally owned by Queenstown 's founder , William Rees .
Former Lee Stream Hotel , Lee Stream ( Category II ) – The Lee Stream Hotel was a major staging post for prospectors on the way to the goldfields around the Maniototo , and lies on the main highway between Outram and Middlemarch .
Royal Hotel , Naseby ( Category II ) – As with the Cardrona Hotel ( above ) , Naseby 's Royal Hotel features a false front . This hotel , the second of its name in the town , dates from 1865 . Cobb and Co. services used the hotel as a depot from 1869 .
Former Simmond 's Boarding House , Alexandra ( Category II ) – A prominent 1882 stone structure close to the southern end of Alexandra .
Stanley 's Hotel , Macraes Flat ( Category I ) – This stone hotel was built in 1882 , and has operated for over 130 years . The hotel has been kept in its original condition , along with associated structures including a billiards room , a stone shed , and stables .
Vulcan Hotel , Saint Bathans ( Category I ) – An iconic Central Otago structure , the adobe brick Vulcan Hotel epitomises New Zealand country gold-miners ' taverns of the 1880s . The building is also one of the country 's best known reputedly haunted houses .
Former White Horse Hotel , Becks ( Category II )
Hulbert House , Queenstown ( category II )
References
Otago
Hotels
Otago
Hist
Miss Machiko , also known as is a manga series written by Takeshi Ebihara . It was serialized in Japan in Shōnen Challenge from May 1980 through February 1982 . The individual chapters were collected and published in eight tankōbon volumes by Gakken .
The series was adapted into a 95 episode anime series by Studio Pierrot that aired in Japan on TV Tokyo from October 8 , 1981 to October 6 , 1983 . It was also adapted into four live-action OVAs , and two full-length live-action films . The anime was licensed for online streaming by Discotek Media in 2016 , which would later turn to full rights in 2020 .
Plot
The series revolves around Miss Machiko Mai , a new elementary school teacher who wears a revealing bubblegum skirt , and regularly finding themselves in accidental sexual situations . Machiko is very popular with their students , especially the boys , who take delight in lifting up their skirts and devising traps to catch them in various stages of undress . Rather than get angry , Machiko responds by laughing it off and uttering their trademark phrase , `` Maicchingu ! '' { meaning `` How embarrassing '' } . Mai is generally a very kind and patient woman who cares about their students and does their best to help them with their problems .
Characters
Mai Machiko
They are the one of the main character of the series . They are a glamorous young teacher , who is a new homeroom teacher at Arama Academy . They are very kind-hearted and always helpful to their students , among whom they are very popular . The boys take delight in lifting up their skirts and devising traps to catch them in various stages of undress . They have been described as having 'the perfect proportions ' . Machiko understands that the boys only play pranks on them because they like her , and laughs them off by saying `` Maicchingu ! '' ( meaning `` How embarrassing '' . )
In the series , their skirt is often lifted up by the boys so they can see them underwear , and also take delight in peeking while they are bathing . There are many scenes in which their clothes are shown torn up , where their breasts and butt are clearly visible . In the show , their bras , panties , breasts , and butt are shown .
Kenta
Kenta is also one of the protagonists , usually the main one to lift up the skirts of Machiko and the other girls of the school . They are not very good at studying , but is good in sports like skateboarding and frisbee . They are one of the most popular and mischievous students at the school . They are described as ' a pervert ' , who takes delight in flipping the skirts of all the girls around the school and touching their breasts , much to the annoyance of their girl classmates .
Kame
Kame is the best friend of Kenta , who usually accompanies Kenta in their pranks . They are usually a shy and calm personality , but can get a little out-of-control sometimes . They are usually shown as various swirling glasses .
Kinzo
Kinzo is also one of the best friends of Kenta . They have a fat body and appears as part of the trio of Kenta , Kame , and himself . They like wrestling and would like to become a pro wrestler some day .
Media
Manga
The manga was created by Takeshi Ebihara , and consists of 8 volumes that were published between 1980 and 1985 in Japan , and serialized in the Gakken magazine Shōnen Challenge . As with the anime television series , the manga series was known for its overt sexual humor . The individual chapters were collected and published in eight tankōbon volumes by Gakken .
Anime
Studio Pierrot , with assistance from Studio Gallop , adapted the manga into an anime television series which premiered in Japan on TV Tokyo on October 8 , 1981 , where it ran for 95 episodes until its conclusion on October 6 , 1983 . The episodes were written by Shiori Adachi and directed by the manga 's author , Ebihara . Rihoko Yoshida provided the voice of Miss Machiko .
Cast ( Japanese Dub )
Machiko Mai : Rihoko Yoshida
Kenta Ikegami : Masako Nozawa
Tamao Kameyama : Noriko Tsukase
Kinzo Yuki : Naoki Tatsuta
Kunio Yamagata : Shigeru Chiba
Principal : Hiroshi Ohtake
Vice-principal : Yoneko Matsukane
Mr. Fukuoka , Mr. Kagoshima : Kaneto Shiozawa
Mr. Fukuoka flew to another country in episode 52 , then another character , Mr. Kagoshima , was introduced in episode 56
Mr. Aomori : Mahito Tsujimura
Madoka : Kumiko Takizawa
Tenko : Sanae Takagi
Hiromi : Shinobu Adachi , Chihoko Shigeta
Shigeta is understudy due to maternity leave of Adachi
Maruko : Mie Suzuki
Hiroshi : Tomiko Suzuki
Machiko 's Uncle : Masaru Ikeda → Yasuo Muramatsu
Machiko 's Aunt : Miyoko Aso
Live-action
Total Media Corporation adapted the series into seven full-length live-action films and King Records also produced a film version of the series . In the first two films , both released in 2003 , Machiko is played by Kaori Nakata , and in the third , released in 2004 , they are played by Haruka Nanami . These three films are directed by Minoru Kawasaki . The film released by King Records and the fourth in total , , was released in September 2005 , with Sayaka Isoyama playing the titular character and Kosuke Suzuki as the director . The fifth full-length film , , was released theatrically in Japan on February 22 , 2006 . In this film , directed by Minoru Kawasaki , Hanako Nanjo plays Machiko . Yuuri Morishita stars in the sixth film as well as the seventh one , and both are directed by Tenkaku Naniwa . In 2009 , a ninth film was released ; this time with Hitomi Aizawa playing Machiko and Chū Ueda directing it .
Reception
The anime series placed in # 97 on `` Celebrity List '' of TV Asahi 's survey of Japan 's 100 favorite animated television series .
References
External links
Miss Machiko
Maicching Machiko-sensei
Takeshi Ebihara 's Maicching Machiko-sensei Homepage
Official TMC Maicching Machiko-sensei live-action website
1980 manga
1981 anime television series debuts
Comedy anime and manga
Japanese direct-to-video films
Japanese sex comedy films
Shōnen manga
TV Tokyo original programming
Pierrot ( company )
Discotek Media
John Edward Anderson OAM ( born 24 July 1939 ) is an Australian sailor and Olympic champion . They competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , where they won a gold medal in the Star class , together with David Forbes . They are the twin brother of sailor Tom Anderson .
In 1975 , Anderson was part of the winning Soling class crew in the North American Championship and that same year , won the pre Olympic Regatta at Kingston . At the 1976 Montreal Olympics , they crewed the Australian boat which finished eleventh in the soling class . They were a member of the Australian Admirals Cup Team on Apollo II ( 1973 ) , Love and War ( 1975 ) , and Runnaway ( 1977 ) . On 26 January 1987 , Anderson was awarded the Medal of Order of Australia in `` recognition of service to sailing '' . Anderson was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1999 .
On 14 July 2000 , Anderson was awarded the Australian Sports Medal for `` services to sailing , particularly youth and offshore '' . In 2009 Anderson was inducted into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame .
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
1970 America 's Cup sailors
Australian male sailors ( sport )
Medalists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
North American Champions Soling
Olympic gold medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in sailing
Olympic sailors of Australia
Recipients of the Australian Sports Medal
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Sailors at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Star
Sailors at the 1976 Summer Olympics – Soling
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
is a railway station in Shūnan , Yamaguchi Prefecture , Japan , operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Lines
Heta Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line .
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1911
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Shūnan , Yamaguchi
Monastery of the Holy Spirit ( Sviato-Dukhov Monastery ) is a female Eastern Orthodox monastery in Vitebsk , Belarus .
The monastery was founded in the 1380s by Duchess Uliana of Tver , wife of Algirdas , Grand Duke of Lithuania . Algirdas ordered to construction of the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit in this monastery . About 1392–1393 , after Algirdas ' death , Uliania took the vows of schema in their monastery .
From mid-17th century till 1839 , the monastery was Greek-Catholic . In 1839 , after cancellation of the Union of Brest , it was converted back to Orthodoxy and was soon shut down because of poverty . After the October Revolution the majority of the old monastery 's buildings were destroyed .
The monastery was revived in 2001 . At present , it owns one building .
See also
Troitsky Markov Monastery
Buildings and structures in Vitebsk
Christian monasteries in Belarus
C.V.S . Rao IPS ( 9 October 1918 – 8 October 1993 ) was a senior police officer in the Indian Police Service . Chitradurga Vasudeva Sreenivasa Rao was born in Mysore , India . Their notable accomplishments in the 24 years of services included the computerisation of criminal records at a time when computer technology was in its infant stages , design and implementation of the Police Memorial and the observance of Police Commemoration Day in the state on 21 October , setting up of the Police Benevolent Fund and the first Accident Relief Unit ( ambulance vans and police officers trained in first-aid ) in Bangalore .
Before CVS Rao took office , the uniforms worn by police constables were outdated and cumbersome , making them less responsive and unattractive . Rao implemented new , better looking and better fitting uniforms and higher uniform allowances for both men and women of the Karnataka Police .
CVS set up the Corps of Detectives in 1974 to ensure serious crimes received the focus they needed . Homicide , vice , fraud and other squads were set up to significantly reduce crimes such as abduction of girls , maiming of children , homicides and white-collar crimes . They also set up the Civil Rights Enforcement Cell to help eradicate harassment and atrocities against certain minorities .
Early life
CVS started school at Government Middle School in Mysore and completed their high school at King George English School in Bombay ( Mumbai ) . They received their bachelor 's degree from Elphinston College and their Bachelor of Commerce from Sydenhane College , both in Bombay ( Mumbai ) .
They started their career at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited in Bangalore .
Police career
In 1952 , CVS Rao joined the Indian Police Service under the Emergency Recruitment Scheme and started their police training at the Central Police Training ( CPT ) College in Mount Abu . They received their practical training at North Arcot District in Chennai and at Madira Circle of Khammampet District in Hyderabad .
Their first position was Assistant Superintendent of Police for the Mahaboob Sub-Division in Khammampet District in Hyderabad . A year later CVS was appointed as [ Superintendent of Police ] in Raichur and two months later moved to Hyderabad as Assistant Inspector General of Police .
After two years , CVS was promoted to the position of Superintendent of Police in charge of the Anti-Corruption department in Bangalore . During their tenure in Bangalore they were also in charge of revising the Karnataka Police Manual . During this time , the new Mysore State was formed and Rao played a large role in several re-organisation schemes including the drafting of the common Police Act , the common Police Manual and other measures to bring about uniformity in Police administration of the New State .
In 1965 , CVS Rao was deputised to the Government of India starting as Superintendent of Police at Gulbarga and then to New Delhi as Deputy Inspector General of Police in the Indo-Tibetan Border Police . After New Delhi , they were posted in Ranikhet for a number of years .
In 1972 , CVS returned to Bangalore as Inspector General of Police of Karnataka , the highest position in the state 's police department .
Accomplishments as IGP
CVS Rao was Inspector General of Police of Karnataka between 1972 and 1976 . In these four years , they accomplished a great deal for the Karnataka State Police as detailed in the 37 pages of the Karnataka State Police Growth in a Century book .
In addition to the accomplishments noted in the introduction above , they were responsible for the following :
Installation of the first Police Printing Press in Karnataka which was used to print and circulate all Laws , Bulletins , Circulars , Guidelines and Standing Orders of the Police department since 1975
Expansion and strengthening of the Women police force
Setup of the first State Industrial Security Force to help secure the large industrial complexes in the state
Development of a fully staffed Police Research Center
Grant of a uniform allowance to officers and men below the rank of Police Inspectors
Revision of Uniforms of Head Constables and Police Constables and a 33 % increase in free uniforms
Organized and hosted the XI All India Police Science Congress
For the first time , pay checks were computerised in 1974 under Rao 's leadership
During the building and operation ( it was launched from Russia ) of the first Indian Scientific Satellite , Aryabhata , the Police played a key role which was recognised by the Director of the Satellite project in a letter to C.V.S . Rao . `` Our efforts could not have come true , but for the unstinted support and cooperation that we have received from you ''
Personal life
They married Ahalya Seetharamachar , the daughter of a well known attorney in Bangalore . CVS was the oldest of six children and Ahalya was the second youngest of eight children . They were blessed with three children , six grandchildren and many close nephews and nieces . They both loved Carnatic music and playing Gin rummy with their friends and relatives . CVS passed away in October , 1993 from colon cancer . After their passing , Ahalya learned computer skills and working with University Women 's Association , helped setup a computer lab and training center for impoverished women . Ahalya joined CVS in heaven on November 11 , 2020 after suffering from a heart attack .
CVS and Ahalya were like a Banyan tree with roots that spread around the world and gave solace and shelter to many .
Notes
References
1918 births
1994 deaths
Indian police officers
People from Mysore
Manasa Veene ( ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Geethapriya . The film stars Srinath , Sridhar and Saritha in the lead roles . Produced by P. Ramamurthy and written by B. N. Haridas , the film released in 1987 and was a musical hit with the critics praising the work of music composer M. Ranga Rao .
Cast
Srinath
Sridhar
Saritha
Lokanath
N. S. Rao
Thyagaraj Urs
Kaminidharan
Bellary Renuka
Sadashiva Brahmavar
Soundtrack
References
External links
1987 films
1980s Kannada-language films
Indian drama films
Films scored by M. Ranga Rao
Films directed by Geethapriya
Tenderness is an album of duets by vibraphonist Walt Dickerson and bassist Richard Davis recorded in 1977 for the SteepleChase label but not released until 1985 .
Reception
Allmusic reviewer Scott Yanow said `` Although the music is often complex and a touch esoteric , the attractive sound of the intimate duo makes the performances much more accessible than they would normally be '' .
Track listing
All compositions by Walt Dickerson
`` Tenderness '' - 9:40
`` Divine Gemini '' - 3:39
`` So Thoughtful '' - 4:47
`` The Road Must Bend '' - 9:02
`` Play Son Play '' - 8:08
Personnel
Walt Dickerson - vibraphone
Richard Davis - bass
References
1985 albums
Walt Dickerson albums
Richard Davis ( bassist ) albums
SteepleChase Records albums
is a private university in Tokyo and Niigata , Japan , established in 1947 . The predecessor of the school was founded in 1907 . One out of every seven dentists in Japan are a graduate of this school .
The university attracted international opprobrium in 2006 when its museum of medicine and dentistry declined to return a copy of Andreas Vesalius 's De Humani Corporis Fabrica ( 1552 ) , stolen from the library of Christ Church , University of Oxford in 1995 . The book was one of 74 books stolen from the library , 73 of which were subsequently recovered , with the full cooperation of libraries and dealers all over the world .
http : //www.timeshighereducation.co.uk/features/law-is-not-on-our-side-but-honour-is-we-wont-give-up/203097.article
External links
Official website
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1947
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Niigata Prefecture
Universities and colleges in Tokyo
1947 establishments in Japan
Niigata ( city )
Dental schools in Japan
The Roman Catholic Church in Mali is composed of 1 ecclesiastical provinces and 5 suffragan dioceses . Its bishops form the Episcopal Conference of Mali .
List of dioceses
Ecclesiastical Province of Bamako
Archdiocese of Bamako
Diocese of Kayes
Diocese of Mopti
Diocese of San
Diocese of Ségou
Diocese of Sikasso
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy entry .
GCatholic.org .
Mali
Catholic dioceses
Iván Maestro Martínez ( born 17 December 1988 ) is a Spanish motorcycle racer . Their brother , Borja Maestro , is also a motorcycle racer .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
Living people
1988 births
Spanish motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
Lorenzo Savadori ( born 4 April 1993 ) is a motorcycle racer from Italy , They were the 2015 FIM Superstock 1000 Cup winner and the Italia 2020 CIV Superbike Champion , acting as test rider for Aprilia with occasional wild card race entries . For the 2021 season , they competed in the MotoGP class of racing for Aprilia Racing as team-mate to Aleix Espargaró .
Career
Savadori was born at Cesena . After finishing runner-up in the 2007 Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup , in 2008 they won the Italian 125GP championship and the European 125cc Championship . They debuted in the 125cc World Championship ; they raced in the latter class for the following two seasons before switching , in 2011 , to the FIM Superstock 1000 Cup , where they were champion in . From 2016 to 2018 they rode for Aprilia in the Superbike World Championship with the best finish of 10th place . In they rode for Gresini Racing in the MotoE World Cup aboard an Energica Ego Corsa . In 2020 they won the CIV Superbike championship .
MotoGP World Championship
Savadori debuted in the MotoGP class replacing Bradley Smith as the substitute for the suspended Andrea Iannone .
Career statistics
Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position , races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
By class
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position , races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Season still in progress .
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position , races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
( key ) ( Races in bold indicate pole position , races in italics indicate the fastest lap )
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Cesena
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Superbike World Championship riders
MotoE World Cup riders
MotoGP World Championship riders
Gresini Racing MotoGP riders
Sportspeople from the Province of Forlì-Cesena
Aprilia Racing MotoGP riders
Roger L. Schlaifer ( born February 23 , 1945 ) is an American graphic designer , writer , inventor and licensing agent . They are best known for their creative development and worldwide licensing of Cabbage Patch Kids and the name and works of Andy Warhol .
Early life and education
Schlaifer grew up in the Washington , D.C. suburb of Silver Spring , Maryland where they attended Montgomery Blair High School , also the alma mater of Nora Roberts , Goldie Hawn , Ben Stein , Carl Bernstein and Connie Chung .
Schlaifer is a 1967 graduate of Syracuse University with a BFA in illustration , and a master 's degree in advertising . They took a leave of absence from Syracuse in 1966 to attend the Rhode Island School of Design where they studied graphics under Malcolm Greer and photography with Harry Callahan . In 1968 Schlaifer did a year of graduate studies at Art Center College of Design in Pasadena .
Career
Following their military service in the National Guard , Schlaifer joined Ziff Davis Publishing in Washington , D.C. as an art director . They moved to Atlanta and became creative director at Bozell & Jacobs Advertising in 1972 .
In 1974 Schlaifer and their wife , Susanne , started Schlaifer Nance & Company , developing print advertising , packaging and collateral pieces for clients including Coca-Cola , Rushton Toys and IBM .
In 1978 Schlaifer branded an early jogging-shoe roller-skate as Hot Rollers and licensed the Hot Roller brand for kids ' apparel , skates and fashion accessories which sold at stores such as Bloomingdales , Belk 's and Mervyn 's .
Building on the success of their licensing Hot Rollers , in 1981 Schlaifer proposed an exclusive , worldwide licensing agreement with Xavier Roberts ' company , Original Appalachian Artworks , for the rights to `` Little People '' soft sculpture dolls and Babyland General Hospital . Schlaifer rebranded the `` Little People '' dolls as Cabbage Patch Kids . In addition to signing up Coleco Industries on August 9 , 1982 , as its `` master toy licensee '' , Schlaifer ultimately licensed over 140 other manufacturers , publishers and entertainment companies to produce thousands of different Cabbage Patch Kids branded products . The reception at retail was unprecedented : there were riots at stores across America and by year 's end , Coleco Industries had shipped over 3.2 million dolls .
Cabbage Patch Kids was the most successful children 's licensed property of its day—generating over $ 4 billion in retail sales of licensed merchandise during the six years of Schlaifer 's tenure . Original Appalachian Artworks acquired Schlaifer 's licensing rights in 1988 .
In addition to creating the Cabbage Patch Kids logos , packaging , and the characters , they co-wrote with wife Susanne Nance , The Legend of the Cabbage Patch Kids published by Parker Brothers ' Books under the title Xavier 's Fantastic Discovery .
In 1985 Schlaifer commissioned Andy Warhol to do portraits of four of their Cabbage Patch Kids . Schlaifer secured worldwide licensing rights to the artists name and works from the Warhol estate in November , 1987 .
Additional intellectual properties created and/or developed by Schlaifer and their SN & C team , are Little Souls , and McNutts bedding for Springs Industries and Department 56 . After inventing and patenting Odds ' R : The Odds On Everything Game in 2002 , Schlaifer wrote a compendium of similar Q & A published by Bantam Dell as Odds ' R : The Odds On Everything Book .
Schlaifer 's recently completed novel Who Killed Andy Warhol ? , is the first fictional account of the events leading up to Warhol 's death and what followed in its aftermath .
Awards
In 1986 Schlaifer received the Outstanding Graduate award from Syracuse University 's School of Visual and Performing Arts , and gave the school 's convocation address to the graduating class in the spring of the same year . They were also Founding Chairman of to Imagine It ! The Children 's Museum of Atlanta a former board member of The Galloway School and The Temple , both in Atlanta , Georgia .
References
1945 births
Living people
Syracuse University alumni
Rhode Island School of Design alumni
Art Center College of Design alumni
Board game designers
American graphic designers
American marketing people
21st-century American inventors
Artists from Newark , New Jersey
The cocha antshrike ( Thamnophilus praecox ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae . It is endemic to Ecuador .
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical swamps . It is threatened by habitat loss .
References
cocha antshrike
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Endemic birds of Ecuador
cocha antshrike
cocha antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Align Aerospace , formerly Anixter Aerospace Hardware and Anixter Pentacon , is a supplier of fasteners , seals , bearings , and related components to aerospace and defense original equipment manufacturers and their subcontractors . Align is headquartered in Chatsworth , California , with European sales and operations office in Collegien , France .
The company was founded in 1972 and has been working in the aerospace and defense industry for the duration of its history .
Ownership
In August 2011 , Align was sold by Anixter International ( NYSE : AXE ) , based in Glenview , Illinois , to the private equity firm Greenbriar Equity . In March 2015 , AVIC International acquired Align Aerospace from Greenbriar .
References
External links
Align Aerospace
Aerospace companies of the United States
Defense companies of the United States
Technology companies established in 1972
Manufacturing companies based in Los Angeles
1972 establishments in California
AVIC aircraft
Chatsworth , Los Angeles
Reinaldo Hierrezuelo La O ( 30 December 1926 – 23 February 2016 ) , known professionally as Rey Caney , was a Cuban singer , guitarist , and tresero . Born in Santiago de Cuba as the youngest of 11 siblings , they led Cuarteto Patría for some time ; this famous group is now led by Eliades Ochoa . In the middle 1950s , they took over Compay Segundo 's place in the duo Los Compadres , as `` Duo Los Compadres '' they recorded for several record labels including Panart and Seeco , with the latter they also recorded as Rey Caney in New York City in 1960 . The other partner being their elder brother Lorenzo Hierrezuelo . They and their brother sang together for thirty years . They also sang and played with many other groups , and finally came back to Santiago de Cuba to lead the Vieja Trova Santiaguera , one of the top groups in Cuba 's second city . They also worked with their sister Caridad Hierrezuelo , a singer of guaracha style .
Their most popular composition is `` '' ( The sugar cane 's burning ) . They recorded two songs with Sonora Matancera , `` '' and `` Quiero emborracharme '' .
Reinaldo Hierrezuelo La O died in Havana in 2016 .
References
Cuban composers
Cuban male singers
Cuban guitarists
Cuban male guitarists
1926 births
2016 deaths
People from Santiago de Cuba
`` Welcome to the World '' is a song by American rapper T.I . featuring fellow American rappers Kid Cudi and Kanye West . Produced by the latter , it is the first track from the former 's seventh studio album No Mercy ( 2010 ) .
Background
The track leaked online on November 22 , 2010 , within the same week that West 's fifth studio album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy was released . T.I . was being held in a federal prison at the time of this leak . In their appearance , West addresses rumurs of being an Illuminati member when rapping : `` People ask me shit about the Illuminati/First off , fuck that mean ? /He loved Jesus when they they they were worse off , oh I see/When they think a nigga is stupid rich/People just start coming up with stupid shit '' .
Critical reception
HipHopDX received the song negatively , describing it as being : 'not nearly as cordial an introduction as the title suggests , as T.I . and Kanye West sound like they 're having a terrible day , and the listener is responsible and must bear the brunt of their respective wrath ' . However , USA Today had a more positive reception towards `` Welcome to the World '' , describing it as a track that : 'opens the album with T.I . 's characteristic swagger ' .
When Complex listed the best collaborations between West and Cudi in August 2017 , the song was positioned at number nine .
Commercial performance
Upon the release of the featuring album , `` Welcome to the World '' peaked at number 17 on the US Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 .
Charts
References
External links
2010 songs
T.I . songs
Kanye West songs
Kid Cudi songs
Song recordings produced by Kanye West
Songs written by Kanye West
Songs written by T.I .
Songs written by Kid Cudi
Ana Carolina da Fonseca is a Brazilian-American actor , television personality , and model .
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian female models
Brazilian expatriates in the United States
Female models from Florida
American people of Portuguese descent
American telenovela actores
American film actores
American television personalities
American women television personalities
American people of Brazilian descent
Year of birth missing ( living people )
21st-century Brazilian women
The Tumut and Adelong Times and Batlow District News is an English language newspaper currently published in Tumut , New South Wales . It was first published as The Tumut and Adelong Times and has absorbed Adelong and Tumut Express and Batlow District News , Tumut-Batlow-Adelong District News , The Tumut Advocate and Farmers & Settlers ' Adviser and The Adelong Argus , Tumut and Gundagai Advertiser .
History
The Tumut and Adelong Times was first published in 1864 and changed its name to The Tumut and Adelong Times and Batlow District News in 1949 . Four other newspapers have served the Riverina of New South Wales over the same period and each has subsequently been absorbed by The Tumut and Adelong Times and Batlow District News .
1864 - The Tumut and Adelong Times is first published .
1866 - The Tumut and Adelong Times and Gundagai Advertiser - name changed
1888 - The Adelong Argus , Tumut and Gundagai Advertiser is first published .
1900 - Adelong and Tumut Express and Tumbarumba Post is first published .
1903 - The Tumut Advocate and Farmers & Settlers ' Adviser is first published .
1925 - The Tumut and Adelong Times absorbs The Tumut Advocate and Farmers & Settlers ' Adviser .
1925 - Adelong and Tumut Express and Tumbarumba Post changes name to Adelong and Tumut express .
1925 - Adelong and Tumut Express absorbs The Adelong Argus , Tumut and Gundagai Advertiser .
1932 - Tumut-Batlow-Adelong District News is first published .
1942 - The Tumut and Adelong Times absorbs Tumut-Batlow-Adelong District News .
1949 - The Tumut and Adelong Times changes name to The Tumut and Adelong Times and Batlow District News .
1949 - Adelong and Tumut express changes name to Adelong and Tumut Express and Batlow District News .
1955 - The Tumut and Adelong Times and Batlow District News absorbs Adelong and Tumut Express and Batlow District News .
Digitisation
The various versions of the paper have been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program project hosted by the National Library of Australia .
See also
List of newspapers in New South Wales
List of newspapers in Australia
External links
www.tatimes.com.au
Bibliography
Country conscience : a history of the New South Wales provincial press , 1841-1995 / by Rod Kirkpatrick , Canberra City , A.C.T . : Infinite Harvest Publishing , 2000
Looking good : the changing appearance of Australian newspapers / by Victor Isaacs , for the Australian Newspapers History Group , Middle Park , Qld . : Australian Newspaper History Group , 2007 .
Press timeline : Select chronology of significant Australian press events to 2011 / Compiled by Rod Kirkpatrick for the Australian Newspaper History Group
Australian Newspaper History : A Bibliography / Compiled by Victor Isaacs , Rod Kirkpatrick and John Russell , Middle Park , Qld . : Australian Newspaper History Group , 2004
Newspapers in Australian libraries : a union list . 4th ed .
References
Newspapers published in New South Wales
Newspapers on Trove
The 1995–96 Taça de Portugal was the 57th edition of the Portuguese football knockout tournament organized by the Portuguese Football Federation . The 1995–96 Taça de Portugal began in September 1995 and concluded with the final at the Estádio Nacional on 18 May 1996 .
Sporting CP were the previous holders , having defeated Marítimo 2–0 in the previous season 's final . Benfica defeated Sporting 3–1 in the final to win their 23rd Taça de Portugal . As a result of them winning the domestic cup competition , Benfica faced 1995–96 Primeira Divisão winners Porto in the 1996 Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira .
Sixth round
Ties were played on the 31 January , whilst replays were played between the 7–14 February . Due to the odd number of teams involved at this stage of the competition , Olhanense qualified for the quarter-finals due to having no opponent to face at this stage of the competition .
Quarter-finals
Ties were played on the 25 February .
Semi-finals
Ties were played between the 10–24 April .
Final
References
Taça de Portugal seasons
Taca De Portugal , 1995-96
1995–96 domestic association football cups
Avrankou Omnisport FC are a Beninese football club based in Avrankou . They currently play in the Benin Premier League for 2014–15 season .
References
Football clubs in Benin
The 1978 Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election took place on 25 June 1978 .
Events
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party , largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party which came second . The regionalist parties , Friuli Movement , Slovene Union and the recently formed List for Trieste ( which stole many votes from the mainstream social-democratic parties ) , had a total score of more than 10 % for the first time .
After the election Antonio Comelli , the incumbent Christian Democratic President , formed a one-party government . In 1980 they managed to enlarge their cabinet to the Italian Socialist Party , the Italian Democratic Socialist Party , the Italian Republican Party and the Italian Liberal Party ( Pentapartito ) .
Results
Sources : Istituto Cattaneo and Cjargne Online
References
Elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
1978 elections in Italy
June 1978 events in Europe
{ { Infobox person
| honorific_prefix =
| name = Akash Kapur
| honorific_suffix =
| native_name =
| native_name_lang =
| image =
| alt =
| caption =
| birth_name =
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Nagpur , India
| disappeared_date =
| disappeared_place =
| disappeared_status =
| death_date =
| death_place =
| death_cause =
| body_discovered =
| resting_place =
| resting_place_coordinates =
| monuments =
| nationality = Indian-American
| other_names =
| citizenship =
| education =
| alma_mater =
| occupation = Author , Journalist
| years_active =
| employer =
| organization =
| known_for =
| notable_works = India Becoming , Better to Have Gone
| style =
| net_worth =
| height =
| weight =
| television =
| title =
| term =
| predecessor =
| successor =
| party =
| movement =
| opponents =
| boards =
| criminal_charge =
| criminal_penalty =
| criminal_status =
| spouse =
| partner =
| children =
| parents =
| relatives =
| callsign =
| awards =
| signature =
| signature_alt =
| signature_size =
| module =
| module2 =
| module3 =
| module4 =
| module5 =
| module6 =
| website = http : //www.akashkapur.com/
| footnotes =
} }
Akash Kapur is an Indian-American journalist and author . They are the author of two books , India Becoming ( Penguin/Riverhead , 2012 ) and Better to Have Gone ( Scribner , 2021 ) ; and the editor of one , Auroville : Dream and Reality ( Penguin , 2018 ) . They are the former `` Letter from India '' columnist for the international New York Times , and has published their work in various magazines and journals around the world . In 2018 , Kapur was awarded a Whiting Nonfiction Grant for Better to Have Gone . In 2021 , Better to Have Gone was an Amazon bestseller and was named a book of the year by The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal ( `` Writers ' Favorite Books '' ) , CNN , The New Statesman , Airmail , Idler magazine , and Scribd .
Early life and education
Kapur was born to an Indian father and American mother and raised near Auroville . They attended boarding school in the United States when they were sixteen . Kapur graduated summa cum laude from Harvard University with a major in Social Anthropology . They have a DPhil in Socio-Legal Studies from Oxford University ( Nuffield College ) , which they attended as a Rhodes Scholar . They also attended the SAIIER ( Sri Aurobindo International Institute of Educational Research ) school in Auroville , where they grew up , and Phillips Academy , Andover .
Career
Writing and Journalism
Kapur has published in a variety of newspapers and magazines , including The Atlantic , The Economist , Granta , The New York Times , Outlook , The New Yorker , and Time magazine . They are the former `` Letter from India '' columnist for the international New York Times . In 2010 , their columns for the New York Times received an `` Honorable Mention '' award by The Society of Publishers in Asia ( SOPA ) , which praised Kapur 's `` brilliant accounts of developments in modern India . '' Their writing covers a variety of topics , including utopianism , technology and society , economic development , and tennis . Kapur 's travel writing has also appeared in Condé Nast Traveler , Travel and Leisure , and The Atlantic , and includes reports from Romania , Poland , Turkey Switzerland , and Thailand .
Kapur has spoken several times on NPR radio in America , public radio in Australia , and NDTV in India . Kapur speaks fluent French , and has also spoken on several radio and TV programs in France , including on France 24 ,
France Inter , and Radio France Internationale . India Becoming was published in France under the title L'Inde de Demain ( 2014 , Albin Michel ) .
Kapur is particularly known for their writings on utopianism and the potential and limits of idealism . In their writing and interviews , Kapur has expressed skepticism about the utopian impulse and referred to themselves as an `` incrementalist . '' This position has sometimes drawn criticism , but Kapur states that their views are shaped by their own upbringing in a utopian society and their firsthand experience of the extremism to which utopianism often leads . Kapur states that they have spent time studying and traveling in Eastern Europe , and this informs their views of utopianism .
India Becoming
Published in 2012 , India Becoming : A Portrait of Life in Modern India is an account of change and transformation in India , told through a handful of characters whose lives are followed by the author over time . The book was selected by The New Yorker and The New Republic as a Best Book of 2012 ; by Newsweek as one of its three Must Reads on Modern India ; and by The New York Times Book Review as an `` Editors ' Choice . '' The book was short listed for the Shakti Bhatt Prize , and an episode from the book was excerpted in The New Yorker magazine . In Time magazine , Pico Iyer wrote that India Becoming was `` impressively lucid and searching '' and added that , `` In their clarity , sympathy and impeccably sculpted prose , Kapur often summons the spirit of V.S . Naipaul . '' The Financial Times wrote that `` the book reads like a novel '' and that `` Kapur 's skill is to get people talking and to weave their stories into a necessarily messy debate about India 's future . ''
Auroville : Dream and Reality Auroville : Dream and Reality ( Penguin 2018 ) is an anthology of writing from the intentional community of Auroville , where Kapur grew up . The book contains numerous archival writings and photos seeking to demystify daily life in the community .
Better to Have Gone
Published in July 2021 , Better to Have Gone : Love , Death and the Quest for Utopia in Auroville is part family memoir , part history , and part mediation on the nature of faith , idealism , and the utopian impulse . A mix of genres , it starts as a standard non-fiction narrative , but is increasingly augmented by relevant remarks and reflections of an autobiographical nature . Auroville 's uniqueness and spirit , controversial struggles , dramatic events , and current status are presented chronologically , in an easy journalistic style . Portraits of key community figures , including , Sri Aurobindo Ghose ( 1872–1950 ) , Mirra Alfassa [ the Mother ] ( 1878–1973 ) , Satprem ( 1923–2007 ) , and Amrit ( born 1943 ) , are drawn . Lives of residents are followed , two well-known Aurovilians : Kapur 's wife 's mother , Diane Maes ( 1950–1986 ) , and their partner John Walker ( 1942–1986 ) . Kapur themselves and their wife Auralice Graft ( born 1972 ) are interested participants . Occasional poetic passages contribute nuance and seasoning to the text . John 's letters also are quoted many times.Alisha Haridasani Gupta , `` When utopia met dystopia , they were there '' , in The New York Times , July 15 , 2021 . Accessed 2021-08-16 .
The book was widely reviewed and covered in the media , including a profile of the author and their wife in the New York Times , two reviews in the New York Times , and multiple radio interviews , including with Terry Gross on NPR 's Fresh Air . In a cover review for the New York Times Book Review , Amy Waldman wrote : `` This is a haunting , heartbreaking story , deeply researched and lucidly told , with an almost painful emotional honesty — the use of present tense weaving a kind of trance . I kept wanting to read “ Better to Have Gone ” because I found it so gripping ; I kept wanting not to read it because I found it so upsetting . The image that came to mind , again and again , was of human lives being dashed against the rocks of rigid belief . `` Better to Have Gone was selected as an `` Editor 's Choice '' by the New York Times and was named a book of the year by The New York Times , The Wall Street Journal ( `` Writers ' Favorite Books '' ) , CNN , The New Statesman , Airmail , Idler magazine , and Scribd . The book was an Amazon bestseller and received a Whiting Nonfiction Grant . In its citation , the Whiting prize jury stated : `` This book is a moving fusion of memoir , history , and ethnography that will inject new life into these forms . As an investigation into an unsolved mystery , it is compelling ; as a meditation on the promise and the limitations of utopianism , it could have global resonance . ... By evoking the everyday in precise detail , Kapur brings utopianism as lived practice to technicolor life . In attempting to locate the shifting border between extremism and idealism , they have written a book rooted in memory but in dialogue with the present day . ''
Technology and Society
Kapur 's PhD thesis at Oxford focused on the effects of new technologies on economic and social development . They have frequently written on the intersection of technology and society , including for the Economist and the Wall Street Journal '' . They have also consulted for a variety of organizations on related topics , including the United Nations Development Program ( UNDP ) and The Markle Foundation . Kapur is the author of `` Internet Governance , '' published by UNDP , a manual widely used by policymakers in Asia and developing countries . They are a non-residential Senior Fellow at The GovLab , New York University , an organization that explores the intersection of technology and governance , with a particular emphasis on open and shared data , and the potential of `` data collaboration . '' Kapur is also a member of the Academic Council of Krea University , a new university in India that seeks to reimagine liberal arts for the twenty first century .
References
External links
Akash Kapur at Penguin India
Living people
1974 births
American male journalists
American writers of Indian descent
Harvard University alumni
Alumni of Nuffield College , Oxford
The plain-tailed wren ( Pheugopedius euophrys ) is a species of songbird in the family Troglodytidae . It has a mostly rufous body with a gray , black , and white striped head . It is found in the Andes of southern Colombia , Ecuador , and northern Peru . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests . Plain-tailed wrens are so-called bamboo specialists and live almost exclusively in chusquea bamboo thickets . Like other wrens , its diet consists mainly of insects with some seeds and berries .
Taxonomy
The plain-tailed wren belongs to the order Passeriformes and the family Troglodytidae . Although there are subtle differences in appearance between birds from the east and west slopes of the Andes , the two are not considered separate subspecies .
Description
Physical
The plain-tailed wren measures between 16 and 16.5 cm . The back , wings , and tail are rufous , with an olive cast on the back . The belly and other underparts are buffy-gray , and the head is gray with black and white stripes ( superciliary , malar , and submalar stripes ) . The bill is gray and slightly decurved . The plain-tailed is large for a wren , but shows the characteristic short tail shared by the family . As the name suggests , it is unique among wrens because its tail lacks any barring .
Plain-tailed wrens on the western slope of the Andes tend to have heavy black spotting on the breast , while eastern-slope birds show no such markings .
Vocalizations
The plain-tailed wren sings a rolling , repetitive song . Males and females and even groups of wrens are known to join in duets . Two-part choruses usually take an ABCD form , where the male contributes the A and C phrases and the female sings during B and D. Group choruses are thought to be used in mutual territory defense to intimidate intruding individuals .
Singing pairs of plain-tailed wrens take co-operation a stage further than human couples who finish off each other 's sentences , research has shown . Males and females perform intimate duets in which they alternate
syllables so quickly it sounds as if a single bird is singing .
Scientists led by Dr Eric Fortune and Dr Melissa Coleman ( Claremont College , Claremont CA , US ) discovered that the brains of both birds process the entire duet , not just each bird 's own contribution .
The research , reported in the journal Science , involved recording duets sung by wrens in the bamboo forests of Ecuador 's Antisana volcano .
Distribution and habitat
The plain-tailed wren prefers chusquea bamboo thickets in tropical moist montane forests . It also frequents recently disturbed areas such as fresh landslides , presumably because of the increase in insect activity . It is most commonly found at elevations between 2200 and 3200 metres . It is found mainly in Ecuador , but its range extends into southern Colombia and northern Peru .
The plain-tailed wren is listed as a species of the least concern . It is common within its range .
Behavior
Diet
The plain-tailed wren is mainly insectivorous , like most other wrens . Its diet can include seeds and berries , but these are not its primary food source . The bird is most often observed foraging on or near the ground in chusquea bamboo undergrowth , in search of invertebrates .
Breeding
Plain-tailed wrens are thought to use song duetting as a form of bonding and/or mate guarding . No other information regarding mating systems or nesting behavior was found .
References
BirdLife International 2004 . Thryothorus euophrys . 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . Downloaded on 27 July 2007 .
Johnson , Tom . 2010 . Plain-tailed Wren ( Pheugopedius euophrys ) , Neotropical Birds Online ( T. S. Schulenberg , Editor ) . Ithaca : Cornell Lab of Ornithology ; retrieved from Neotropical Birds Online : http : //neotropical.birds.cornell.edu/portal/species/overview ? p_p_spp=532716
Ridgely , Robert S. & Greenfield , Paul J . ( 2001 ) : The Birds of Ecuador : Field Guide . Cornell University Press , Ithaca , New York .
External links
song audio : https : //macaulaylibrary.org/asset/83163
plain-tailed wren
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
plain-tailed wren
plain-tailed wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau ( FSTB ) is a part of the thirteen policy bureaux for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region . They are responsible for developing and executing government policy on finance and treasury . The agency was established on 1 July 2002 . The current ( since 1 July 2017 ) Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury is Christopher Hui and the under secretary is Joseph Chan .
History
Financial Services Bureau was established on 1 July 1997 . The previous form is Financial Services Branch under Colonial Hong Kong , headed by the Secretary for Financial Services .
Finance Bureau was established on 1 July 1997 . The previous form is Finance Branch under Colonial Hong Kong , headed by the Secretary for the Treasury .
Financial Services Bureau and Finance Bureau were merged to become Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau on 1 July 2002 , headed by the Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury . A Financial Services Branch and a Treasury Branch were created within the Bureau , each headed by a permanent secretary of D8 rank on the Directorate Pay Scale .
In March 2021 , the FSTB announced proposed changes to the Companies Registry , where information on companies would begin to be hidden . In response , David Webb said that such changes `` will facilitate corruption , fraud and other crimes . '' The New York Times also said that those changes could potentially benefit Chinese Communist Party officials , as families of top officials had bought property in Hong Kong using companies .
Official Receiver 's Office
Official Receiver 's Office ( ORO , ) is a government department within the bureau . They are responsible for statutory functions relating to insolvency , by being the role of liquidator and trustee of last resort in the administration of both corporate and personal insolvency cases respectively .
The Office was established on 1 June 1992 , taking over the powers and perform the duties of the Insolvency Division of the then Registrar General 's Department . According to Bankruptcy Ordinance ( Cap . 6 ) , once the court make a bankruptcy order , the Official Receiver will become the provisional trustee of the property of the bankrupt , and become the liquidator under the Companies ( Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions ) Ordinance ( Cap . 32 ) to conduct personal or company compulsory liquidations .
Past Secretaries
Treasury affairs
Deputy Financial Secretary ( 1945–1989 )
Secretary for the Treasury ( 1997–2002 )
Treasury affairs were handled by the Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury since 2002
Financial services affairs
Secretary for Monetary Affairs ( 1976–1993 )
Secretary for Financial Services ( 1993–2002 )
Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury ( 2002–present )
References
External links
Hong Kong SAR Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau
Hong Kong Government
Hong Kong government policy bureaux
2002 establishments in Hong Kong
Government agencies established in 2002
Boulder Junction Airport is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the central business district of Boulder Junction , a town in Vilas County , Wisconsin , United States . It is owned by the Town of Boulder Junction .
Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA , this facility is assigned BDJ by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA ( which assigned BDJ to Syamsudin Noor Airport in Banjarmasin , South Kalimantan , Indonesia ) .
Facilities and aircraft
Boulder Junction Airport covers an area of 40 acres ( 16 ha ) at an elevation of 1,666 feet ( 508 m ) above mean sea level . It has two runways with turf surfaces : 5/23 is 3,170 by 165 feet ( 966 x 50 m ) and 16/34 is 2,540 by 160 feet ( 774 x 49 m ) .
For the 12-month period ending September 13 , 2017 , the airport had 450 aircraft operations , an average of 38 per month : 89 % general aviation and 11 % air taxi .
References
External links
at Wisconsin DOT Airport Directory
Airports in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Vilas County , Wisconsin
The Ministry of Oil and Mineral Resources of Turkmenistan ( ) is a former governmental agency of Turkmenistan . It was in charge of regulating activities in the oil and gas industry , petrochemical production , and transportation of hydrocarbons . The structure of this ministry included the State Agency for Management and Use of Hydrocarbon Resources under the President of Turkmenistan . Both the ministry and the state agency were abolished in July 2016 .
The functions of the former ministry and state agency were divided between the deputy chairperson for oil and gas of the Government of Turkmenistan and two state corporations ( concerns ) , Turkmengaz and Türkmennebit , both of which report to the deputy chairperson .
History
It was established on April 23 , 1993 under the name of the Ministry of Oil and Gas of Turkmenistan . In 1996 , it was transformed into the Ministry of Oil and Gas Industry and Mineral Resources . It was then renamed to the Ministry of Oil and Gas on January 8 , 2016 . That July , it was abolished , with the distribution of functions of the ministry going to the Cabinet of Ministers .
Subordinate organizations
Turkmengaz
Türkmennebit
Türkmenhimiýa
Türkmengeologiýa
Türkmennebitgazgurluşyk
Turkmenbashy Oil Refinery
References
Oil and Mineral Resources
Turkmenistan , Oil and Mineral Resources
Energy in Turkmenistan
1991 establishments in Turkmenistan
Energy ministries
KORS ( also Novosibirsk Shoe Factory , Leather and Shoe Factory named after Kirov ) is a shoe factory in Novosibirsk , Russia . It was founded in 1934 .
History
The shoe factory was founded in 1934 in Novosibirsk . In 1935 it occupied the building of the former Military Rusk Plant .
During the Great Patriotic War , the factory produced about 7 million pairs of boots for sailors and soldiers ; during this period , the enterprise also manufactured ski bindings , mine casings , etc .
In 1969 the shoe factory produced over 6 million pairs of shoes ( 187 models ) .
In 1970–1980 the factory maintained economic ties with India , China , Vietnam , Italy and Yugoslavia .
In 1972 and 1984 the plants of hard and chrome leather were reconstructed .
In 1988 , injection molding machines were put into operation , thanks to which an additional 750 thousand pairs of shoes were manufactured .
In the 1990s , the factory was re-equipped . Computer technology appeared at the enterprise .
Finance
2020
Revenue – 126 651 000 rubles ;
Profit – 5 385 000 rubles .
Culture
In 1935 , the House of Culture named after Kirov was created at the factory . In 1937 , the Museum of Labor and Military Glory was founded .
Even before the Great Patriotic War , the Kirovsky Udarnik newspaper began to be published . In 1956 , the Tribuna nespaper appears . Since 1995 , the factory begins to publish a newsletter .
Directors
A. M. Zinikovsky ( 1932–1936 ) ;
N. A. Volkovitsky ( 1936–1937 ) ;
Kh . N. Girshenblyush ( 1937–1941 ) ;
A . A. Kluss ( 1941–1945 ) ;
V. S. Zelmanov ( 1945–1947 ) ;
D. D. Rodygin ( 1947–1957 ) ;
V. G. Chuchkalov ( 1957–1968 ) ;
V. I. Kramorenko ( 1968–1972 ) ;
A . A. Kovalyov ( 1972–1974 ) ;
S. M. Zverev ( 1974–1985 ) ;
V. P. Shcherbakova ( ? – ? ) ;
S. B. Kizner .
See also
OR Group
References
Manufacturing companies based in Novosibirsk
Shoe companies
Caritas Academy was an all-girls Catholic high school in Jersey City , New Jersey . It operated under the auspices of the Archdiocese of Newark .
History
Caritas Academy was a four-year Catholic college preparatory for urban young women , sponsored and operated by the Sisters of Charity of Saint Elizabeth , and currently serves the academic needs of 210 students .
It was established as a merger of Academy of Saint Aloysius in Jersey City and the Academy of the Sacred Heart in Hoboken , opening in 2006 in the former Aloysius building .
The Academy had been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools since 1954 . It was a member of the National Association for College Admission Counseling , The College Board , National Association of Independent Schools , New Jersey Student Success , and the Archdiocese of Newark . Caritas accommodates schedules with New Jersey City University for the School of Visual and Performing Arts , and has affiliations with Saint Peter 's College and the College of Saint Elizabeth to grant college credits .
It had 185 students in 2007 .
Caritas Academy closed down on June 30 , 2008 . The building now belongs to Learning Community Charter School .
References
External links
Caritas Academy former website
- Sisters of Charity of Saint Elizabeth
Schools in Jersey City , New Jersey
2006 establishments in New Jersey
2008 disestablishments in New Jersey
Defunct Catholic secondary schools in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 2006
Educational institutions disestablished in 2008
Defunct schools in New Jersey
Private high schools in Hudson County , New Jersey
Kimpton may refer to :
Kimpton ( surname )
Kimpton , Hampshire , a village and civil parish in Hampshire , England
Kimpton , Hertfordshire , a village in Hertfordshire , England
Kimpton , Missouri , a ghost town
Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants , an American hotel and restaurant company
Kimpton Middle School , a school in Munroe Falls , Ohio , U.S .
Toycathon , is an inter-ministerial initiative of the Indian government that focuses on conceptualizing toys or games based on Indian civilization , heritage , culture , mythology , history , ethos , technology , ethnicity , national heroes and important events . It aims to promote vedic mathematics , positive behaviour , physical and mental fitness .
It was launched on 5 January 2021 , the first of its kind in the country . The broader aim of the 'Toycathon ' is to `` explore India 's potential to build and sustain a creative ecosystem for the development of toys and games to celebrate Aatma Nirbhar Bharat ' . '' Prime Minister Modi , while addressing the participants , said , “ Toys and games influence our mental power , creativity and our economy . All of us know that a child 's first school is his/her family . But the first book and first friends are toys ” .
A total of 1.29 lakh students registered for the competition and submitted 17000 ideas . 1567 ideas were shortlisted for a three day online finale which was held from June 22 to 24 . A total of 117 teams were declared winners of Toycathon 2021 under different themes .
References
Competitions in India
Helcystogramma selectella is a moth in the family Gelechiidae . It was described by Francis Walker in 1864 . It is found in Amazonas , Brazil .
Adults are dark cupreous , the forewings with two bands consisting of glittering green dots . There are also two glittering purple dots , one near the end of the costa and the other , larger one , near the exterior border .
References
Moths described in 1864
selectella
Moths of South America
Ch'ŏn'gok station is a railway halt in greater Tanch'ŏn city , South Hamgyŏng province , North Korea , on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway . It was opened on 30 March 1943 along with the rest of the Yŏhaejin–Tongam section of the line .
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Northfleet Urban Country Park is in Northfleet , in Kent , England . The site is land encompassed by Springhead Road , Thames Way , west of Vale Road and ( on its northern boundary ) the railway ( the Dartford to London railway ) .
The site is owned by and managed by Gravesham Borough Council .
History
The site was used for orchards / farming until the 1940s , when it ( and others along the railway ) was used as a chalk pit . This went down to about 8‐10m deep .
On 7 May 1957 , planning was given for a refuse tip on the site , and on 10 December 1992 , landfill gas venting trenches were installed . Gravesend Council permitted the formation of an urban country park containing a lake , woodlands , meadows , wetlands and trim trail , play area and toilets/kiosk/seating area in August 1996 . The site was landscaped with the importing of 130,000m3 of cleaned topsoil , to raise the level of the land between two and four metres .
New resurfaced footpath and cycle routes were then constructed on the 2 plateaued land .
Later the site was further landscaped by extensive native tree , shrub and wildflower plantings , creating various wildlife habitats including a wetland
swale .
Location
The park lies to the west of Gravesend and can be accessed on its eastern side from Vale Road and on its western side from Springhead Road .
References
External links
Kent Council Page
Country parks in Kent
Gezaldara may refer to :
Aznvadzor , Armenia
Gekhadzor , Armenia
Vardenik , Armenia
Verkhnyaya Gezaldara , Armenia
Adamic may refer to :
Various things related to the Biblical figure Adam
Adamic language
Adamic ( surname )
Enochian , a language called `` Adamical '' by John Dee
Synochoneura fansipangana is a moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Vietnam .
The wingspan is 20 mm . The ground colour of the forewings consists of a yellow costal fascia , tinged rust along the costa . The second area of ground colour from the end of the median cell to the tornus is tinged rust towards the middle of the wing and proximally . The hindwings are greyish brown .
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Naharkot is town and union council of Barkhan District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan . The town contains a small bazaar .
References
Populated places in Barkhan District
Union councils of Balochistan , Pakistan
The Berry Vest of The Swirling Eddies is the title of compilation album featuring music by the rock band The Swirling Eddies , released in 1995 on Alarma Records .
In an unusual twist , the cassette version of this `` best of '' compilation included a bonus track not found on the CD entitled `` Wacky Fan Letter . '' The track featured Camarillo Eddy reading an actual letter from a fan in which the writer harshly criticized the band 's albums .
Track listing
`` ( Disco ) Love Grapes '' ( Words and music by Terry Taylor , David Raven and Tim Chandler )
`` Driving In England '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` The Golden Girl of the Golden West '' ( Words and music by Terry Taylor , David Raven , Tim Chandler and Jerry Chamberlain )
`` What A World , What A World '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` I 've Got An Idea '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` Pyro Sets A Wildfire '' ( Words and music by Terry Taylor , David Raven and Tim Chandler )
`` Outdoor Elvis '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` Strange Days '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` Let 's Spin ! '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` Arthur Fhardy 's Yodeling Party '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy , Spot , Arthur Fhardy )
`` Hide the Beer , The Pastor 's Here '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` Billy Graham '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` Catch That Angel '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` The Unsuccessful Dutch Missionary '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` The Big Guns '' ( Words and music by Camarillo Eddy )
`` Like Lazarus '' ( Bonus Eddie )
`` The Twist '' ( Words and music by Terry Taylor , David Raven , Tim Chandler and Jerry Chamberlain )
`` Glorious Dregs '' ( Bonus Eddie - Camarillo Unplugged )
`` With The Tired Eyes Of Faith '' ( Bonus Eddie - Camarillo Unplugged )
Personnel
Camarillo Eddy on guitars and vocals .
Gene Pool on lead guitars , keyboards .
Arthur Fhardy on keyboards .
Spot on guitars .
Berger Roy Al on bass guitar .
Prickly Disco on guitars , backing vocals and additional keyboards .
David Raven ( `` Hort Elvison '' ) on drums .
Additional musicians
Miracle Babe sings backing vocals .
Jeb McSwaggart plays percussion .
Horns provided by the Horns O ' Plenty under the direction of Buckeye Jazzbo .
The Swirling Eddies albums
1995 compilation albums
The 2021 season was the Western Bulldogs 's fifth season in the AFL Women 's ( AFLW ) competition . Nathan Burke was the team 's coach for the second consecutive season , and Ellie Blackburn was the team 's captain for the third consecutive season . The Western Bulldogs finished the home-and-away season eighth on the ladder and with a win–loss record of 5–4 , meaning they missed out on qualifying for finals .
Ellie Blackburn was the Western Bulldogs ' best and fairest player , winning the Western Bulldogs best and fairest award for the second time in their career . Isabel Huntington , who kicked 12 goals , was the club 's leading goal-kicker for the first time in their career . Blackburn was also selected in the all-Australian team . Eleanor Brown and Kirsty Lamb were other standout players for the Bulldogs that season .
Background
The Western Bulldogs are an Australian rules football team based in Melbourne , Victoria , that competes in the AFL Women 's . They ended the 2020 home-and-away season seventh in conference B , with a win-loss record of just 1-5 . Their previous season ended after they failed to qualify for the finals series .
In the off season , Ellie Blackburn was named captain of the Western Bulldogs for the third year in a row . Brooke Lochland was named as the vice-captain . The leadership group was composed of Isabel Huntington , Ashleigh Guest , Kirsty Lamb , Bailey Hunt and Bonnie Toogood . Nathan Burke was named as head coach for a second season , Marcus Abney-Hastings joined the coaching panel as an assistant coach . They also retained line coaches Jack Fitzpatrick and Natalie Wood , and brought in Andrew Shakespeare as a skill aqusition coach . The team broke their AFLW membership record for the 2021 season , gaining a total of 2,177 members .
Playing list
2020 off-season list changes
After the conclusion of the 2020 AFL Women 's season , they did not delist any players . However , 2018 premiership player Nicole Callinan retired , and 2018 draftee Aisling McCarthy , alongside pick 3 , was traded to in exchange for picks 2 and 16 , while 2019 draftee Hannah Munyard was traded to in a three way deal with and . That three-way deal also brought in forward-turned-defender Katie Lynch from . The club also heavily hit the draft after a rather unsuccessful season , drafting Northern Knights midfielder Jess Fitzgerald at pick 2 , Sandringham Dragons defender Sarah Hartwig at pick 11 , and Western Jets utility Isabelle Pritchard at pick 16 . Annabelle Strahan was brought in as a replacement player for Katy Herron , who was placed on the inactive list .
Season summary
Before the beginning of the 2021 AFLW season , it was decided that the conference ladder system would be scrapped in favour of all teams being placed on the same ladder . While an initial fixture was released in December 2020 , the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic meant that the fixture was reshuffled multiple times in order to meet the restrictions of individual states .
The Western Bulldogs began their season with a 9 point loss to second-year expansion club , playing in a prime time fixture slot on a Friday night . Inaccurate kicking saw them down 13 point at half time , despite having more scoring shots . After being down just tw points late in the final quarter , the Saints kicked the final goal of the match to win the game by 9 points . Although they were on the losing team , captain Ellie Blackburn secured the three Best and fairest votes for that game after kicking 2 goals and collecting 21 disposals . Isabel Huntington and Bonnie Toogood also kicked 2 goals apiece .
Round 2 saw the Bulldogs secure their first win of the season , triumphing over in the first game of the league 's inaugural pride round . A crowd of 3,479 people attended the game , a season high . The game was very close throughout all four quarters , the margin never being more than 15 points . The first term kept the Bulldogs goalless , after a shocking missed shot by Kirsten McLeod from inside the goalsquare kept them from scoring more than 4 points . However , things improved from there , with Isabel Huntington and Jess Fitzgerald goalling each to keep the Bulldogs in the game . After being down 10 points at 3 quarter time , Ellie Blackburn and Kirsten McLeod kicked 3 goals between them to give the team an 8-point lead . Carlton had the chance to win the game but missed two crucial set shots , giving the Bulldogs victory . Blackburn once again secured the three best and fairest votes after kicking 2 final quarter goals and collecting 22 disposals .
The Bulldogs managed to secure their second win in a row after coming up against the low-placed in a low scoring affair , with the combined total of both teams ' scores only reaching 33 points . The Bulldogs suffered from innacuracy woes , at one point totalling a score of 1.6 ( 12 ) before kicking 2 final quarter goals through Fitzgerald and McLeod to win the game . Fitzgerald 's goal was nominated
Results
Statistics
The team used 28 players from the 31 on the playing list , of which four were debutants . Those debutants were Jess Fitzgerald and Sarah Hartwig ( round 1 ) , Isabella Grant ( round 3 ) and Isabelle Pritchard ( round 6 ) . Katie Lynch made their club debut in round 1 , after coming over from .
Ladder
< onlyinclude >
Awards
The Western Bulldogs held their AFLW awards night on 24 April 2021 . Captain Ellie Blackburn won the Best and Fairest award with 72 votes . Kirsty Lamb polled 63 votes to finish in second place , while Isabel Huntington , Eleanor Brown and Bonnie Toogood rounded out the top 5 with 51 , 42 and 39 votes respectively . Jess Fitzgerald , the second pick overall in the 2020 AFL Women 's draft , and Katie Lynch , a recruit from , shared the title of Best Young Player .
Best and Fairest Ellie Blackburn and 2020 Rising Star winner Isabel Huntington were selected in the initial All-Australian squad of 40 . While Huntington was not selected in the final squad , Blackburn achieved selection on the half forward flank . Blackburn was also awarded the Best Captain Award by the AFL Players Association , overcoming captain Daisy Pearce and eventual league best and fairest Brianna Davey . Kirsty Lamb was nominated for the Most Courageous Player Award , but lost out to four-time winner Chelsea Randall . First-year player Jess Fitzgerald was also one of the three final nominees for the Goal of the Year award , but lost to young gun Courtney Hodder .
See also
2021 Western Bulldogs season
References
External links
Official website of the Western Bulldogs
Official website of the AFL Women 's
Western Bulldogs seasons
2021 AFL Women 's season
Denise Adrienne Lee ( previously Denise Krum ; born 4 December 1970 ) is a New Zealand politician who was the National Party 's Member of Parliament for the Maungakiekie electorate from 2017 to 2020 . They were previously an Auckland Council local body councillor .
Early years
Lee was born in Paeroa in 1970 and is the daughter of Graeme Lee , who was also a Member of Parliament .
They were married and known as Denise Krum during the start of their political career , before returning to their maiden name following the 2016 local election .
During the 2008 general election , Lee stood in Maungakiekie for United Future . Lee was President of United Future at the time . They later left United Future and joined the New Zealand National Party . They stood on the party list during the 2011 election but was not ranked high enough to be elected .
Auckland Council
Lee was elected to the Auckland Council as a Communities & Residents candidate at the 2013 elections , defeating incumbent and former Labour MP Richard Northey . They ran on the Auckland Future ticket during the 2016 local elections , and was re-elected with an increased majority .
In 2016 , the then newly elected Mayor Phil Goff , appointed them as the deputy chairperson of the planning committee .
Member of Parliament
In 2017 they announced they would seek selection as the National Party 's candidate for at the 2017 general election . On 7 March 2017 Lee was selected as National 's candidate for Maungakiekie . They were elected at the 2017 general election with a majority of almost 2000 votes .
They resigned from their position as councillor for the Maungakiekie-Tāmaki ward , effective 12 October 2017 , triggering a by-election held on 17 February 2018 .
In their maiden speech , Lee noted that the driving force behind their political career was the death of their son . They said that ; Politics really did become personal for me then . A flick of the pen , the wording of an amendment , an exchange in this debating chamber—Parliament 's processes affect everyday lives.When the 52nd Parliament opened , they were appointed as a member of the Education and Workforce select committee .
During the 2020 New Zealand general election held on 17 October , on preliminary results Lee was ahead of Labour candidate Priyanca Radhakrishnan by a margin of 580 votes . However , when final results were released they lost the seat to Radhakrishnan by 635 votes .
In 2021 Lee returned to local government when they were elected as a trustee of Entrust , a trust for electricity consumers in Auckland .
References
1970 births
Living people
Auckland Councillors
United Future politicians
New Zealand National Party politicians
21st-century New Zealand women politicians
Unsuccessful candidates in the 2008 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 2011 New Zealand general election
Candidates in the 2017 New Zealand general election
New Zealand MPs for Auckland electorates
Lemlei Ngaleima ( ) or Ngareima ( ) is the goddess and the divine female personification of the fishes and the aquatic life in Meitei mythology and religion ( Sanamahism ) of Ancient Manipur ( Antique Kangleipak ) . They are a sister ( or friend ) of the goddesses , Phouoibi , Thumleima and Ereima ( Ireima ) .
Etymology
The Meitei female given name `` Ngaleima '' ( ꯉꯥꯂꯩꯃ ) is made up of two words . The two words are `` Nga '' ( ꯉꯥ ) and `` Leima '' ( ꯂꯩꯃ ) . `` Nga '' ( ꯉꯥ ) has multiple meanings . It may mean to incline or to lean in verbal form . It means fish in noun form . Here , the word `` Nga '' ( ꯉꯥ )
refers to `` fish '' . The word `` Leima '' ( ꯂꯩꯃ ) means queen , mistress or lady .
Myths
Menstrual blood , charoo ( hay , dried paddy stalks ) , hentak ( edible fish paste ) , sumjit ( broom ) are considered unholy to Goddess Ngaleima . So , if there is an adverse entry of fish into the fishing nets , the presence of menstruating woman is highly suspected at the spot , especially on the floating dam . Other suspicious reasons are the dropping down of the charoo ( hay , dried paddy stalks ) or hentak ( edible fish paste ) or sumjit ( broom ) by people out of jealousy into the place .
Association with other goddesses
Goddess Ngaleima ( Ngareima ) is considered to be one of the divine manifestations of Leimarel ( Leimalel ) , the supreme mother earth goddess . It is said that Leimalel becomes Ngaleima when they are in the fish yard .
In popular culture
Phou-oibi , the rice goddess is a 2009 ballad opera performed by the Laihui Ensemble . It is based on the story of the goddess and their sister Phouoibi .
Phouoibi Shayon is a 2017 Manipuri mythology movie based on the story of the goddess and their sister Phouoibi .
See also
Imoinu ( Emoinu ) - Meitei goddess of wealth
Ireima ( Ereima ) - Meitei goddess of water
Leimarel ( Leimalel ) - Meitei goddess of earth
Panthoibi - Meitei goddess of civilization , love and warfare
Phouoibi ( Phouleima ) - Meitei goddess of agricultural crops
Thumleima - Meitei goddess of salt
References
External links
Ngaleima_archive.org
Abundance deities
Abundance goddesses
Animal deities
Animal goddesses
Arts deities
Arts goddesses
Beauty deities
Beauty goddesses
Fertility deities
Fertility goddesses
Fortune deities
Fortune goddesses
Leima
Magic deities
Magic goddesses
Maintenance deities
Maintenance goddesses
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature deities
Nature goddesses
Pastoral deities
Pastoral goddesses
Peace deities
Peace goddesses
Savior deities
Savior goddesses
Time and fate deities
Time and fate goddesses
Virgin goddesses
Emilio Gnutti is an Italian financier and founder of the Hopa SpA holding company . They were involved in many important takeovers , most notably the one of Telecom Italia made in 1999 with Roberto Colaninno , and the subsequent sale of the company to Marco Tronchetti Provera . On October 25 , 2006 they were sentenced to six months in jail for insider trading in the Unipol ( bancopoli ) case , together with Giovanni Consorte and Ivano Sacchetti . They appealed , but then they decided to accept a plea bargain and on November 12 , 2007 the Milan Court of Appeal converted the sentence into a fine .
References
Hopa SpA
Italian businesspeople
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Bjeloševina may refer to :
Bjeloševina , Nikšić , Montenegro
Bjeloševina , Pljevlja , Montenegro
Ypsolopha albiramella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae . It is known from Italy , Croatia , Albania , North Macedonia , Greece , Crete and Turkmenistan .
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Ephedra distachya .
References
External links
lepiforum.de
Ypsolophidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
The sunrise equation can be used to derive the time of sunrise and sunset for any solar declination and latitude in terms of local solar time when sunrise and sunset actually occur .
Formulation
It is formulated as :
where :
is the solar hour angle at either sunrise ( when negative value is taken ) or sunset ( when positive value is taken ) ;
is the latitude of the observer on the Earth ;
is the sun declination .
Principles
The Earth rotates at an angular velocity of 15°/hour . Therefore , the expression , where is in degree , gives the interval of time in hours from sunrise to local solar noon or from local solar noon to sunset .
The sign convention is typically that the observer latitude is 0 at the equator , positive for the Northern Hemisphere and negative for the Southern Hemisphere , and the solar declination is 0 at the vernal and autumnal equinoxes when the sun is exactly above the equator , positive during the Northern Hemisphere summer and negative during the Northern Hemisphere winter .
The expression above is always applicable for latitudes between the Arctic Circle and Antarctic Circle . North of the Arctic Circle or south of the Antarctic Circle , there is at least one day of the year with no sunrise or sunset . Formally , there is a sunrise or sunset when during the Northern Hemisphere summer , and when during the Northern Hemisphere winter . For locations outside these latitudes , it is either 24-hour daytime or 24-hour nighttime .
Expressions for the solar hour angle
In the equation given at the beginning , the cosine function on the left side gives results in the range [ -1 , 1 ] , but the value of the expression on the right side is in the range . An applicable expression for in the format of Fortran 90 is as follows :
omegao = acos ( max ( min ( -tan ( delta * rpd ) * tan ( phi * rpd ) , 1.0 ) , -1.0 ) ) * dpr
where omegao is in degree , delta is in degree , phi is in degree , rpd is equal to , and dpr is equal to .
The above expression gives results in degree in the range . When , it means it is polar night , or 0-hour daylight ; when , it means it is polar day , or 24-hour daylight .
Hemispheric relation
Suppose is a given latitude in Northern Hemisphere , and is the corresponding sunrise hour angle that has a negative value , and similarly , is the same latitude but in Southern Hemisphere , which means , and is the corresponding sunrise hour angle , then it is apparent that
,
which means
.
The above relation implies that on the same day , the lengths of daytime from sunrise to sunset at and sum to 24 hours if , and this also applies to regions where polar days and polar nights occur . This further suggests that the global average of length of daytime on any given day is 12 hours without considering the effect of atmospheric refraction .
Generalized equation
The equation above neglects the influence of atmospheric refraction ( which lifts the solar disc — i.e . makes the solar disc appear higher in the sky — by approximately 0.6° when it is on the horizon ) and the non-zero angle subtended by the solar disc — i.e . the apparent diameter of the sun — ( about 0.5° ) . The times of the rising and the setting of the upper solar limb as given in astronomical almanacs correct for this by using the more general equation
with the altitude angle ( a ) of the center of the solar disc set to about −0.83° ( or −50 arcminutes ) .
The above general equation can be also used for any other solar altitude . The NOAA provides additional approximate expressions for refraction corrections at these other altitudes . There are also alternative formulations , such as a non-piecewise expression by G.G . Bennett used in the U.S . Naval Observatory 's `` Vector Astronomy Software '' .
Complete calculation on Earth
The generalized equation relies on a number of other variables which need to be calculated before it can itself be calculated . These equations have the solar-earth constants substituted with angular constants expressed in degrees .
Calculate current Julian day
where :
is the number of days since Jan 1st , 2000 12:00 .
is the Julian date ;
2451545.0 is the equivalent Julian year of Julian days for Jan-01-2000 , 12:00:00 .
0.0008 is the fractional Julian Day for leap seconds and terrestrial time ( TT ) .
TT was set to 32.184 sec lagging TAI on 1 January 1958 . By 1972 , when the leap second was introduced , 10 sec were added . By 1 January 2017 , 27 more seconds were added coming to a total of 69.184 sec . 0.0008=69.184 / 86400 without DUT1 .
The operation rounds up to the next integer day number n .
Mean solar time
where :
is an approximation of mean solar time at expressed as a Julian day with the day fraction .
is the longitude ( west is negative , east is positive ) of the observer on the Earth ;
Solar mean anomaly
where :
M is the solar mean anomaly used in the next three equations .
Equation of the center
where :
C is the Equation of the center value needed to calculate lambda ( see next equation ) .
1.9148 is the coefficient of the Equation of the Center for the planet the observer is on ( in this case , Earth )
Ecliptic longitude
where :
λ is the ecliptic longitude .
102.9372 is a value for the argument of perihelion .
Solar transit
where :
Jtransit is the Julian date for the local true solar transit ( or solar noon ) .
2451545.0 is noon of the equivalent Julian year reference .
is a simplified version of the equation of time . The coefficients are fractional days .
Declination of the Sun
where :
is the declination of the sun .
23.44° is Earth 's maximum axial tilt toward the sun
Hour angle
This is the equation from above with corrections for atmospherical refraction and solar disc diameter .
where :
ωo is the hour angle from the observer 's meridian ;
is the north latitude of the observer ( north is positive , south is negative ) on the Earth .
For observations on a sea horizon needing an elevation-of-observer correction , add , or to the −0.83° in the numerator 's sine term . This corrects for both apparent dip and terrestrial refraction . For example , for an observer at 10,000 feet , add ( −115°/60 ) or about −1.92° to −0.83° .
Calculate sunrise and sunset
where :
Jrise is the actual Julian date of sunrise ;
Jset is the actual Julian date of sunset .
See also
Day length
Equation of time
References
External links
Sunrise , sunset , or sun position for any location – U.S. only
Sunrise , sunset and day length for any location – Worldwide
Rise/Set/Transit/Twilight Data – U.S. only
Astronomical Information Center
Converting Between Julian Dates and Gregorian Calendar Dates
Approximate Solar Coordinates
Algorithms for Computing Astronomical Phenomena
Astronomy Answers : Position of the Sun
A Simple Expression for the Equation of Time
The Equation of Time
Equation of Time
Long-Term Almanac for Sun , Moon , and Polaris V1.11
Evaluating the Effectiveness of Current Atmospheric Refraction Models in Predicting Sunrise and Sunset Times
Equations
Time in astronomy
Dynamics of the Solar System
Peter James Scott ( born 20 November 1982 ) is an English cricketer . Scott is a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm off break . They were born in Nottingham , Nottinghamshire .
Scott represented the Nottinghamshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Bedfordshire in the 1st round of the 2001 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy . In their only List A match they took a single wicket at a cost of 28 runs .
In 2004 , they made their Minor Counties Championship debut for Staffordshire against Bedfordshire . Scott played 2 further Championship matches for the county , against Norfolk in 2004 and Hertfordshire in 2005 .
Scott joined Herefordshire in 2006 , representing the county in 6 Championship matches during that season , the last of which came against Cornwall . They also represented the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy , making their debut against Northumberland . During the 2006 season , they played 2 further Trophy matches against Cheshire and Shropshire .
References
External links
Peter Scott at Cricinfo
Peter Scott at CricketArchive
1982 births
Living people
Cricketers from Nottingham
English cricketers
Nottinghamshire Cricket Board cricketers
Staffordshire cricketers
Herefordshire cricketers
Teachers at Royal Grammar School Worcester
Frozen Kiss is a 2009 American drama film , supposedly based on a true story . It stars Cameron Goodman and Mimi Rogers .
Plot
The young couple consisting of Ryan and Shelley get stuck in a snow storm on their way home from a party . As they begin to walk , someone , or something , is coming after them .
Cast
Leslie Anne-huff
Tochukwu Onyenze
External links
2009 films
American horror drama films
2000s horror drama films
2009 drama films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by Harry Bromley Davenport
2000s American films
is a Japanese samurai family group . It can refer to one of five different Japanese clans , including
One claimed descent from the Taira clan . One famous descendant was the Sengoku period samurai general Oyamada Nobushige .
One was descended from the Usa clan .
One claimed descent from the Northern Fujiwara by way of Uesugi Shigefusa .
One claimed descent from the Northern Fujiwara by way of Onomiya Saneyori .
One claimed descent from the Northern Fujiwara by way of Kikuchi Noritaka .
References
`` Oyamada-shi '' ( Taira descent ) on Harimaya.com ( accessed 28 August 2008 )
Japanese clans
ja : 小山田氏
The John H. Chafee Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor is a National Heritage Corridor dedicated to the history of the early American Industrial Revolution , including mill towns stretching across 24 cities and towns ( 400,000 acres ( 1,620 km² ) in total ) near the river 's course in Worcester County , Massachusetts and Providence County , Rhode Island . It makes up a historical area in the Blackstone Valley and is named for the late US Senator from Rhode Island John Chafee . In 2014 , the Blackstone River Valley National Historical Park was created out of a smaller portion of the National Heritage Corridor . Both units now exist as cooperative entities . The organization is headquartered at the building in Woonsocket Depot Square which is located at 1 Depot Square , Woonsocket , RI 02895 .
History
The National Corridor was designated by an Act of Congress on November 10 , 1986 to preserve and interpret for present and future generations the unique and significant value of the Blackstone Valley . It includes cities , towns , villages and almost one million people . The Federal government does not own or manage any of the land or resources in the corridor as it does in the more traditional national parks . Instead the National Park Service , two state governments , dozens of local municipalities , businesses , nonprofit historical and environmental organizations , educational institutions , many private citizens , and a Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor Commission all work together in partnerships to protect the Valley 's special identity and prepare for its future .
The Blackstone River Greenway is a planned paved rail trail defining the course of the East Coast Greenway through the National Corridor . As of 2017 , approximately of the greenway has been completed in Rhode Island and in Massachusetts .
On October 12 , 2006 the National Heritage Areas Act of 2006 was signed by the President , enacting it as Public Law Number 109-338 . This legislation extends the Corridor Commission for five years until October 12 , 2011 .
On July 18 , 2011 a report recommended the corridor for national park status .
Visitor centers
Blackstone Valley Visitor Center , Pawtucket , Rhode Island ( operated by the Blackstone Valley Tourism Council )
Museum of Work and Culture , Woonsocket , Rhode Island ( operated by the Rhode Island Historical Society )
River Bend Farm Visitor Center at Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park , Uxbridge , Massachusetts ( operated by Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation )
Broad Meadow Brook Sanctuary , Worcester , Massachusetts ( operated by the Massachusetts Audubon Society )
Blackstone River Valley National Heritage Corridor Visitor Center , Worcester , Massachusetts ( operated by the Blackstone Heritage Corridor , Inc . )
Corridor cities and towns
Note : In some cases , only a portion of the city or town is included in the Corridor .
Massachusetts
Rhode Island
See also
Greater Worcester Land Trust
References
External links
Official NPS site
Legislative History of National Corridor
Blackstone Valley Institute ( planning resources )
Blackstone River Valley Corridor Keepers ( preservation group )
Highway of Commerce : The Blackstone Canal , Worcester Historical Museum , 2005
Historic American Buildings Survey
1986 establishments in the United States
National Heritage Areas of the United States
Protected areas established in 1986
Euchrysops nandensis is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae . It is found in Ethiopia , Kenya ( the western part of the country and central highlands ) and northern Tanzania . The habitat consists of grassy spots in savanna .
References
Butterflies described in 1904
Euchrysops
Talgat Sabalakov ( ) is a Kazakhstani midfielder . They play for the club FC Caspiy in First Division .
Club career stats
Last update : 12 July 2012
Honours
Intertoto Cup Winner : 2007
Kazakhstan League Runner-up : 2007 , 2008
Kazakhstan Cup Winner : 2007
References
1986 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Kazakhstani footballers
FC Caspiy players
FC Kairat players
FC Tobol players
Kazakhstan international footballers
People from Aktau
Hăghiac may refer to several villages in Romania :
Hăghiac , a village in Dofteana Commune , Bacău County
Hăghiac , a village in Răchitoasa Commune , Bacău County
Dawa Yangzum Sherpa also known as Dawa Yangzum is a Nepali born mountain climber and the first woman to become an international mountain guide from Nepal .
Life
Dawa Yangzum started their professional mountain climbing in 2009 with Yala Peak marking their first summit . They have climbed five of the fourteen 8000ers so far . They became one of the iconic Nepali mountain climbers in the history after climbing the Mount Everest in 2012 . In 2017 , they received a certification from the International Federation of Mountain Guides Association and qualified to become an international mountain guide in the same year .
In March 2019 , they signed a professional agreement with a US outdoor recreation product company , making them one of the few professional Nepali mountaineers to be paid as an athlete by a major western company .
Dawa Yangzum has climbed Everest several times and they became the first female Nepali woman to summit the fifth highest peak Makalu on 29 May 2019 . On 26 July 2014 , they were part of the all female 3-member Nepali contingent to summit K2 . The other prominent members were Pasang Lhamu Sherpa Akita and Maya Sherpa.She also became the first woman to reach the true summit of Manaslu in autumn 2021 .
References
Living people
Nepalese mountain climbers
Nepalese summiters of Mount Everest
Sherpa summiters of Mount Everest
1990 births
Nepalese female mountain climbers
People from Dolakha District
Charles Robert Starrett ( March 28 , 1903 – March 22 , 1986 ) was an American actor , best known for their starring role in the Durango Kid westerns . Starrett still holds the record for starring in the longest series of theatrical features : 131 westerns , all produced by Columbia Pictures .
Early years
Starrett was born in Athol , Massachusetts , where their grandfather had built a prosperous tool works . They attended Worcester Academy , then graduated from Dartmouth College .
Career
A graduate of Worcester Academy in 1922 , Starrett went on to study at Dartmouth College . While on the Dartmouth football team they were hired to play a football extra in the film The Quarterback ( 1926 ) . Bitten by the acting bug , Starrett played minor roles in films and leading roles in stage plays . In 1928 , they were a member of the Walker Company , a repertory theatre troupe headed by Stuart Walker .
They played the romantic lead in their first movie , Fast and Loose ( 1930 ) , which starred Frank Morgan , Miriam Hopkins , and Carole Lombard . Starrett starred in the Canadian production The Viking ( 1931 ) , a rugged outdoor adventure filmed on location in Newfoundland , which had begun as a Paramount Pictures project .
Starrett was very active for the next two years , playing juvenile leads for both major and minor studios . They were featured in Our Betters ( 1933 ) , Murder on the Campus ( 1933 ) , and as a young doctor named Orion in `` Along Came Love '' , opposite Irene Hervey . Of Starrett 's early character appearances , today 's viewers may be most familiar with the Will Rogers picture Mr. Skitch ( 1933 ) , featuring Starrett as the romantic lead .
Offscreen , Charles Starrett helped organize the Screen Actors Guild . They held membership card # 10 .
Cowboy star
In 1935 , Columbia Pictures wanted to replace its incumbent western star Tim McCoy with a younger actor . Starrett heard about this and interviewed with Columbia producers . Starrett recalled that studio chief Harry Cohn was indifferent , caring about only one thing : `` Can they ride a horse ? '' Starrett could , and got the job . Their first western was Gallant Defender ( 1935 ) . Starrett ultimately signed four contracts with Columbia , becoming the studio 's number-one cowboy star . They cast an appealing figure with their tall stature ( 6 ' 2 '' ) , strong jawline , confident voice , and air of quiet authority .
Starrett had n't planned on making an entire career out of westerns , and agreed to make them for two years , with the understanding that their bosses would then cast them in plainclothes roles . When they did n't , they walked out on their contract after the two years . ( In 1974 Starrett told author James Horwitz that their self-imposed leave of absence cost them $ 60,000 , which was the dollar value of their original agreement . ) Meanwhile , theater exhibitors around the world were attracting big crowds with Charles Starrett westerns , so Columbia gave them a new contract with the actor insisting on appearing in a non-western . They finally got their chance—once—in 1937 , for the collegiate musical comedy Start Cheering ( released 1938 ) . In a curious reflection of their own situation , Starrett played a disenchanted movie hero who wanted to do something different with their life . But Starrett 's success in westerns established them firmly in outdoor fare and sealed their fate professionally . For the rest of their career they made Columbia westerns exclusively .
The musical westerns of Gene Autry inspired every Hollywood studio to have its cowboy personalities use their musical talents—but not Charles Starrett . They could carry a tune but left the songs to professional vocalists ( his vocals in Start Cheering were dubbed by Robert Paige ) . Columbia solved the problem by hiring an entire singing group to support Starrett : the Sons of the Pioneers .
Charles Starrett made two dozen westerns under their new contract , and they tend to resemble each other because the production unit was very close-knit . The same company of technicians and players worked in film after film : almost always Iris Meredith as the leading lady , Dick Curtis as the villain , Hank Bell as the sidekick , Edward LeSaint as the senior character of father , rancher , marshal , etc. , and the Sons of the Pioneers as the chorus . Very occasionally , Columbia reassigned Meredith to other productions , so various contract starlets took the ingenue roles , among them Lorna Gray and Ann Doran .
When Starrett 's new contract lapsed in July 1940 , they withdrew from westerns and Columbia disbanded the unit . Iris Meredith left the studio , and the Sons of the Pioneers moved to Republic Pictures , where they reunited with their former lead singer Roy Rogers .
Again , exhibitors petitioned Columbia for more Charles Starrett westerns , so the studio came through with a new contract at an increased salary . Starrett finally accepted their permanent cowboy status , and returned to Columbia in March 1941 as `` The Medico , '' cowboy doctor .
The Durango Kid
After playing assorted rancher , ranger , and sheriff roles , Starrett was cast as The Durango Kid in 1940 . The character was an upright citizen known and liked by the townsfolk , but they masqueraded as a notorious , black-garbed horseman to terrorize the local criminals and foil their plans . The film was successful but not much different from some of Starrett 's earlier good guy-chasing-bad-guy roles .
The character was revived five years later in The Return of the Durango Kid , which caught on very quickly . Starrett played an amiable cowpoke named Steve ( the last name varied but they were always Steve to their friends ) , who would become angered by an injustice and go after the villains as the mysterious , elusive Durango Kid . Steve 's paint horse was named `` Bullet '' and Durango 's white horse was `` Raider . '' A follow-up film was made , and then a series . One favorite device became a signature : the masked Durango Kid suddenly materializing like Superman , always catching the villains by surprise . The Durango Kid rejuvenated Charles Starrett 's career , winning them a new generation of loyal fans , a new five-year contract , and even a comic-book adaptation , Charles Starrett as the Durango Kid ( 1949-1955 ) , published by Magazine Enterprises . The film series was also a useful training ground for novice actores and fashion models , who would be signed to six-month contracts and cast as cowgirls in Starrett westerns .
Dub Taylor , as comic sidekick `` Cannonball '' , worked with Starrett until 1946 . At that time , Smiley Burnette , who had been a very popular sidekick to Gene Autry , was brought in to replace Taylor . Burnette , appropriately enough , played a character called `` Smiley Burnette . '' The Durango Kid films combined vigorous action sequences -- often with spectacular stunts performed by Ted Mapes and later Jock Mahoney -- and western music . Each film featured musical specialties by Burnette , and by a guest artist or group from records or radio .
By 1949 , the series faced a challenge . Production costs kept rising , but the financial return was limited . So Columbia resorted to shooting less new material , and borrowing scenes from older Durango Kid pictures to coax the running time up to the usual length . Columbia was starting to use this same recycling gambit in its adventure serials and Three Stooges comedies . Sometimes the scripting and editing were very clever , most memorably in Cyclone Fury ( 1951 ) , in which footage from four older Starrett westerns is worked into the plot . The final Durango Kid feature was The Kid from Broken Gun ( 1952 ) , with the new footage set in a courtroom and the old footage illustrating the testimony of the various characters .
Charles Starrett retired at age 48 , when their last Columbia contract lapsed . As Starrett had once taken over Columbia 's westerns from Tim McCoy , Jock Mahoney took over the reins from Starrett , co-starring with Smiley Burnette in a new series . The pilot feature was completed but never released , so Columbia 's long history of B westerns ended with Charles Starrett . Columbia serviced the still-strong demand for Starrett by reissuing their 1937-1940 westerns with the Sons of the Pioneers . These proved just as popular as the Durango series , and Columbia kept dozens of the Starrett features in theaters for several years .
Later years
Although their agent , Sam Jaffe , tried to interest movie and TV producers in hiring Starrett , the actor no longer needed or wanted a show-business career ; they were independently wealthy from wise investments and their family fortune . In retirement they traveled widely with their wife , favoring tropical islands .
Their fans never forgot him , and corresponded with them in later years . Starrett was pleased by the interest and made guest appearances at a few film conventions and revivals . Starrett died of cancer in Borrego Springs , California , in 1986 , six days short of their 83rd birthday .
Selected filmography
Fast and Loose ( 1930 )
The Royal Family of Broadway ( 1930 )
Damaged Love ( 1931 )
The Viking ( 1931 )
Silence ( 1931 )
The Age for Love ( 1931 )
Touchdown ( 1931 )
Sky Bride ( 1932 )
Lady and Gent ( 1932 )
The Mask of Fu Manchu ( 1933 )
Jungle Bride ( 1933 )
Our Betters ( 1933 )
The Return of Casey Jones ( 1933 )
The Sweetheart of Sigma Chi ( 1933 )
Murder on the Campus ( 1933 )
Mr. Skitch ( 1933 )
Stolen Sweets ( 1934 )
Three on a Honeymoon ( 1934 )
This Man Is Mine ( 1934 )
Green Eyes ( 1934 )
Call It Luck ( 1934 )
Desirable ( 1934 )
Gentlemen Are Born ( 1934 )
Undercover Men ( 1934 )
The Silver Streak ( 1934 )
Sons of Steel ( 1934 )
A Shot in the Dark ( 1935 )
One New York Night ( 1935 )
One in a Million ( 1935 )
What Price Crime ( 1935 )
So Red the Rose ( 1935 )
Make a Million ( 1935 )
Gallant Defender ( 1935 )
The Mysterious Avenger ( 1936 )
Secret Patrol ( 1936 )
Code of the Range ( 1936 )
Along Came Love ( 1936 )
The Cowboy Star ( 1936 )
Stampede ( 1936 )
Dodge City Trail ( 1936 )
Westbound Mail ( 1937 )
Trapped ( 1937 )
Two Gun Law ( 1937 )
Two-Fisted Sheriff ( 1937 )
One Man Justice ( 1937 )
The Old Wyoming Trail ( 1937 )
Outlaws of the Prairie ( 1937 )
Cattle Raiders ( 1938 )
Start Cheering ( 1938 )
Call of the Rockies ( 1938 )
Law of the Plains ( 1938 )
West of Cheyenne ( 1938 )
South of Arizona ( 1938 )
The Colorado Trail ( 1938 )
West of the Santa Fe ( 1938 )
Rio Grande ( 1938 )
The Thundering West ( 1939 )
Texas Stampede ( 1939 )
North of the Yukon ( 1939 )
Spoilers of the Range ( 1939 )
Western Caravans ( 1939 )
The Man from Sundown ( 1939 )
Riders of Black River ( 1939 )
Outpost of the Mounties ( 1939 )
The Stranger from Texas ( 1939 )
Two-Fisted Rangers ( 1939 )
Bullets for Rustlers ( 1940 )
Blazing Six Shooters ( 1940 )
Texas Stagecoach ( 1940 )
The Durango Kid ( 1940 ) 1st Durango Kid film
West of Abilene ( 1940 )
Thundering Frontier ( 1940 )
The Pinto Kid ( 1941 )
Outlaws of the Panhandle ( 1941 )
The Medico of Painted Springs ( 1941 )
Thunder Over the Prairie ( 1941 )
Prairie Stranger ( 1941 )
The Royal Mounted Patrol ( 1941 )
Riders of the Badlands ( 1941 )
West of Tombstone ( 1942 )
Lawless Plainsmen ( 1942 )
Down Rio Grande Way ( 1942 )
Riders of the Northland ( 1942 )
Bad Men of the Hills ( 1942 )
Overland to Deadwood ( 1942 )
Riding Through Nevada ( 1942 )
Pardon My Gun ( 1942 )
The Fighting Buckaroo ( 1943 )
Law of the Northwest ( 1943 )
Frontier Fury ( 1943 )
Robin Hood of the Range ( 1943 )
Hail to the Rangers ( 1943 )
Cowboy in the Clouds ( 1943 )
Cowboy Canteen ( 1944 )
Sundown Valley ( 1944 )
Riding West ( 1944 )
Cowboy from Lonesome River ( 1944 )
Cyclone Prairie Rangers ( 1944 )
Saddle Leather Law ( 1944 )
The Return of the Durango Kid ( 1945 ) 2nd Durango Kid film
Both Barrels Blazing ( 1945 )
Sagebrush Heroes ( 1945 )
Rough Ridin ' Justice ( 1945 )
Rustlers of the Badlands ( 1945 )
Outlaws of the Rockies ( 1945 )
Blazing the Western Trail ( 1945 )
Lawless Empire ( 1945 )
Texas Panhandle ( 1945 )
Frontier Gunlaw ( 1946 )
Roaring Rangers ( 1946 )
Gunning for Vengeance ( 1946 )
Galloping Thunder ( 1946 )
Two-Fisted Stranger ( 1946 )
The Desert Horseman ( 1946 )
Heading West ( 1946 )
Landrush ( 1946 )
Terror Trail ( 1946 )
The Fighting Frontiersman ( 1946 )
South of the Chisholm Trail ( 1947 )
The Lone Hand Texan ( 1947 )
West of Dodge City ( 1947 )
Law of the Canyon ( 1947 )
Prairie Raiders ( 1947 )
The Stranger from Ponca City ( 1947 )
Riders of the Lone Star ( 1947 )
Buckaroo from Powder River ( 1947 )
Last Days of Boot Hill ( 1947 )
Six-Gun Law ( 1948 )
Phantom Valley ( 1948 )
West of Sonora ( 1948 )
Whirlwind Raiders ( 1948 )
Blazing Across the Pecos ( 1948 )
Trail to Laredo ( 1948 )
El Dorado Pass ( 1948 )
Quick on the Trigger ( 1948 )
Challenge of the Range ( 1949 )
Desert Vigilante ( 1949 )
Laramie ( 1949 )
The Blazing Trail ( 1949 )
South of Death Valley ( 1949 )
Bandits of El Dorado ( 1949 )
Horsemen of the Sierras ( 1949 )
Renegades of the Sage ( 1949 )
Trail of the Rustlers ( 1950 )
Outcast of Black Mesa ( 1950 )
Texas Dynamo ( 1950 )
Streets of Ghost Town ( 1950 )
Across the Badlands ( 1950 )
Raiders of Tomahawk Creek ( 1950 )
Frontier Outpost ( 1950 )
Lightning Guns ( 1950 )
Prairie Roundup ( 1951 )
Pecos River ( 1951 )
Ridin ' the Outlaw Trail ( 1951 )
Fort Savage Raiders ( 1951 )
Snake River Desperadoes ( 1951 )
Bonanza Town ( 1951 )
Cyclone Fury ( 1951 )
The Kid from Amarillo ( 1951 )
Smoky Canyon ( 1952 )
The Hawk of Wild River ( 1952 )
Laramie Mountains ( 1952 )
The Rough , Tough West ( 1952 )
Junction City ( 1952 )
The Kid from Broken Gun ( 1952 )
References
Further reading
Horwitz , James , They Went Thataway '' ( 1976 , E. P. Dutton ; 1978 , Ballantine Books ) ( Interview with Charles Starrett )
External links
B-Western.com
Filmography
Charles Starrett - One Fan 's Journey
American male film actors
Male Western ( genre ) film actors
Worcester Academy alumni
1903 births
1986 deaths
Deaths from cancer in California
People from Athol , Massachusetts
Male actors from Massachusetts
Dartmouth Big Green football players
20th-century American male actors
Columbia Pictures contract players
State Route 319 ( SR 319 ) is a very short , two-lane state highway in the western portion of the U.S. state of Ohio . A spur route , SR 319 has its western terminus at an abandoned railroad grade just west of Washington Street in the village of Burkettsville . Its eastern terminus is to the east of its western terminus at its junction with SR 118 . SR 319 was established in the early 1930s . It started out as a much longer highway , but earlier segments would become a part of SR 118 in the late 1930s .
Route description
For its entire length , SR 319 runs along the boundary between Darke County on the south side and Mercer County on the north side . SR 319 begins in downtown Burkettsville at a former railroad grade just west of Washington Street . Known as Main Street within Burkettsville , the route runs due east through the village 's central business district prior to entering a residential area where it intersects a few side streets . After leaving the village of Burkettsville , SR 319 becomes the boundary between Darke County 's Allen Township and Mercer County 's Granville Township . After a short distance through farmland , the highway comes to an end as it arrives at its junction with SR 118 . Continuing east after the route terminates is Darke–Mercer County Line Road .
The Ohio Department of Transportation ( ODOT ) conducts surveys throughout its highway system to determine traffic volume . This is most commonly expressed as the average annual daily traffic ( AADT ) , or the measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year . In 2010 , ODOT determined that an average of 710 vehicles per day traveled along the length of SR 319 . This state highway is not included as a part of the National Highway System , a system of highways identified as being most important for the economy , mobility and defense of the nation .
History
SR 319 was assigned in 1932 . Originally , SR 319 included the entirety of the current route , along with the stretch of SR 118 from SR 319 north to SR 219 in Coldwater . In 1935 , SR 319 was extended further north along the present alignment of SR 118 to what was then designated as SR 32 , now a part of SR 29 , west of Celina . Two years later , SR 118 was extended south from its former southern terminus in Rockford to its present southern terminus in Greenville . Consequently , the entirety of what was the north–south stretch of SR 319 prior to that time became a part of the new extension of SR 118 . In turn , SR 319 became the short spur route that it is today .
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
319
Transportation in Darke County , Ohio
Transportation in Mercer County , Ohio
State highways in the United States shorter than one mile
The British Asian Trust was founded in 2007 by Charles III , then Prince of Wales , and a group of pre-eminent British Asian business leaders . The Trust works to tackle the widespread poverty and hardship in South Asia to which millions are currently subjected .
Since its establishment in 2007 , the Trust has positively impacted the lives of 6.6 million disadvantaged people in India , Pakistan , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka .
Focus
The Trust 's programmes are categorized into several key areas : livelihoods , education , mental health , conservation and anti-human trafficking . The Trust works with local delivery partners in India , Pakistan , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka .
Innovative finance
The recent evolution in philanthropy to incorporate business principles has led to ground-breaking developments in the voluntary sector . Social-impact financing , a relatively new charity finance model , offers funders an investment return if the programme to which they are committed is successful . This outcome-based finance mechanism requires clear targets and focuses on gathering data to demonstrate the results . Such meticulousness is attracting donors to invest , bringing new capital into the sector and playing a critical role in bridging the financing gap to achieve the UN 's Sustainable Development Goals . This approach appeals to other lenders , such as charities , governments and entrepreneurs , as it substantiates the positive impact that their donations have made .
The British Asian Trust is leading an innovative model of social-impact financing , in the form of Development Impact Bonds ( DIB ) , allowing the Trust to set up initiatives to improve the quality education in India . The DIB mechanism involves public-private relationships between ‘ risk ' investors , programme implementers and outcome funders . In the case of the asupervisorstioned Quality Education India Development Impact Bond , UBS Optimus Foundation are the ‘ risk ' investors who have raised US $ 3 million to offer upfront working capital to the consortium , thus enabling the administration of the programme for the duration of its four-year lifetime . The programme implementers , Gyan Shala , Kaivalya Education Foundation and Society for All Round Developments , then use this capital to fund the delivery of the programme . Granted that the outcomes of the programme are achieved , the outcome funders , who are convened by the Trust , make a payment and the initial ‘ risk ' investors may earn a 6 % interest on the capital lent .
Advocates of this form of innovative finance include Sir Ronald Cohen who maintained that `` these bonds are an innovative and… a tremendously effective way of raising the funds needed to address some of the greatest challenges in the region at the kind of scale necessary to make a significant difference . ''
Ambassadors and trustees
Ambassadors from the worlds of television , film , music , sport and cuisine support the Trust , including : Katy Perry , Mahira Khan , Asad Ahmad , Gurinder Chadha OBE , Ikram Butt , Isa Guha , Azhar Mahmood , James Caan , Konnie Huq , Kumar Sangakkara , Laila Rouass , Manish Bhasin , Manish Malhotra , Meera Syal CBE , Monica Yunus , Muttiah Maralitharan , Naughty Boy , Navin Kundra , Neev Spencer , Nina Nannar , Nina Wadia , Nitin Ganatra , Noreen Khan , Preeya Kalidas , Rahul Dravid , Ray Panthaka , Rahat Fateh Ali Khan , Reshmin Chowdhury , Ritula Shah , Sanjeev Bhaskar OBE , Sonali Shah , Sophie Choudry and Sriram Vishwanathan .
On the Board of Trustees , headed by Chairman Lord Gadhia , are Shalni Arora , Farzana Baduel , Varun Chandra , Ganesh Ramani , Asif Rangoonwala and Dr Shenila Rawal .
References
External links
British Asian Trust Official website
Charities based in the United Kingdom
The Prince 's Charities
Late Night Tales : Fatboy Slim is the 19th DJ mix album released in the Late Night Tales series on Late Night Tales . It was mixed by British DJ Fatboy Slim .
Track listing
References
Fatboy Slim
2007 compilation albums
Raphitoma harpula is an extinct species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae .
It was named Raphitoma harpula by Bellardi in 1847 .
Description
The length of the shell reaches 23 mm . Its diameter is 8 mm .
The very slender , fusiform , turriculate shell has a high spire and a pointed apex . The whorls are short , numerous and convex . The body whorl measures 2/5 of the total length . The sutures are impressed . The whorls contain 10–12 axial , hardly oblique ribs . They are narrow , prominent and compressed . The transverse striae are minute and then again obsolete between the interstices of the axial ribs . The columella is somewhat depressed backwards and slightly twisted . The siphonal canal is short and recurved to the right .
Distribution
Fossils of this marine species were found in Miocene strata of Emilia-Romagna , Italy .
References
Brocchi G.B . ( 1814 ) . Conchiologia fossile subapennina con osservazioni geologiche sugli Apennini e sul suolo adiacente . Milano . Vol . 1 : i–lxxx , 1–56 , 1–240 ; vol . 2 : 241–712 , 16 pls .
External links
harpula
Gastropods described in 1814
Jessica Pimentel ( born September 20 , 1982 ) is an American actor and musician . They are best known for their role as Maria Ruiz on the Netflix original series Orange Is the New Black . They are also the lead singer of the metal band Alekhine 's Gun and backing vocalist in the band Brujeria .
Early life
Pimentel was born in Brooklyn , New York . Both of their parents , originally from La Romana , Dominican Republic , immigrated to New York as teenagers . Pimentel was the couple 's only child . Them parents divorced when they were six years old , after which they became estranged from their father. < ref name= '' :0 '' > { { Cite news|url=https : //www.rollingstone.com/tv/features/oitnbs-metalhead-inside-jessica-pimentels-double-life-w449586|title=Meet 'OITNBs Secret Metalhead : Inside Jessica Pimentel 's Double Life|work=Rolling Stone|access-date=2017-06-30 } } < /ref >
Pimentel graduated from New York 's Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing Arts , where they played violin . They focused on acting more after high school , playing Juliet in a touring production of Romeo and Juliet , and landing small roles in movies and TV shows .
Acting career
After a series of bit parts , Pimentel played the role of Angelique Domenguez in the 2008 film Pride and Glory . In 2014 , they were cast as Floyd in four episodes of Person of Interest .
Pimentel 's breakout role came in 2013 , when they were cast as Maria Ruiz on the Netflix comedy-drama Orange Is the New Black '' . Pimentel was credited as a guest star for the first four seasons , before finally being made a part of the regular cast for Season 5 .
Music career
Pimentel began playing music at the age of two and trained as classical violinist and concert master who has played at Carnegie hall . In their teens they began learning the guitar , electric bass , percussion and keyboards and joined several New York Hardcore bands . They were the bassist for New York heavy metal and hardcore band Desolate from 2010 to 2014 .
Since 2010 , Pimentel has been the lead vocalist and a recording guitarist for the New York-based death metal band Alekhine 's Gun . Pimentel has also recorded several songs with the band Black Heart Sutra , and sings in the Los Angeles and Tijuana-based metal band Brujeria , performing under the name La Bruja Encabronada .
Pimentel is a featured artist for Spector basses , Halo guitars , and Krank Amps .
Personal life
Pimentel has been dating Meshuggah drummer Tomas Haake since 2013 and lives with them in Sweden .
Pimentel was raised Christian , but became a practicing Buddhist as an adult .
Filmography
Films
Television
References
External links
1982 births
21st-century American actores
Actresses from New York ( state )
Hispanic and Latino American women singers
American expatriates in Sweden
American singers of Dominican Republic descent
American television actores
American women heavy metal singers
Hispanic and Latino American actores
Living people
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
is a Japanese motorcycle racer . They have competed in the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP125 Championship , the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup , the MFJ All Japan J-GP3 Championship and the MFJ All Japan Road Race ST600 Championship .
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Japanese motorcycle racers
Living people
1993 births
125cc World Championship riders
Joël Stalter ( born 8 July 1992 ) is a French professional golfer .
Stalter played college golf at the University of California , Berkeley where they were a two-time All-American and won five tournaments . They represented Europe in the 2013 Palmer Cup .
Stalter turned professional after graduating in 2014 and began playing on the Challenge Tour . They earned their first victory at the 2016 Swedish Challenge . Stalter finished 16th in the Challenge Tour Road to Oman to earn a place on the European Tour for 2017 .
In July 2020 , Stalter won the Euram Bank Open . This was a dual-ranking event and gave them their first victory on the European Tour .
Amateur wins
2011 Austrian Amateur
2013 Arizona Intercollegiate , John Burns Intercollegiate , Alister MacKenzie Invitational
2014 Arizona Intercollegiate , National Invitational Tournament
Source :
Professional wins ( 3 )
European Tour wins ( 1 )
1Dual-ranking event with the Challenge Tour
Challenge Tour wins ( 2 )
1Dual-ranking event with the European Tour
Challenge Tour playoff record ( 1–0 )
French Tour wins ( 1 )
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the halfway cut
`` T '' = tied
Team appearances
Palmer Cup ( representing Europe ) : 2013
European Amateur Team Championship ( representing France ) : 2013
See also
2016 Challenge Tour graduates
References
External links
French male golfers
California Golden Bears men 's golfers
European Tour golfers
Sportspeople from Moselle ( department )
People from Thionville
People from Amnéville
1992 births
Living people
Nikolaus Heinrich von Schönfeld ( 1733 – 1795 ) was a Prussian general who led troops in 1792–1793 during the War of the First Coalition . In 1777 they built the Schloss Schönfeld in Kassel , Germany which they used as a summer residence until 1790 . At a later date the building was used by the Brothers Grimm .
Military career
During the Battle of Valmy on 20 September 1792 , Schönfeld led a division consisting of brigades under Friedrich Gisbert Wilhelm von Romberg and Otto Heinrich Friedrich von Borch . Romburg commanded Infantry Regiments Brunswick Nr . 21 and Woldeck Nr . 41 while Borch led Infantry Regiments Thadden Nr . 3 and Romberg Nr . 10 . Each regiment had three battalions and each battalion had one attached cannon .
At the Battle of Kaiserslautern from 28 to 30 November 1793 , Schönfeld led a division that counted three battalions of the Crousaz Infantry Regiment Nr . 39 , Fusilier Battalion Legat Nr . 20 , one company of Jägers , one company of Imperial Trier Jägers , five squadrons each of the Borstell Cuirassiers Nr . 7 and Lottum Dragoons Nr . 1 , two squadrons of the Eben Hussars Nr . 2 , and one foot and one horse artillery batteries of eight guns each . All but the Trier Jägers were Prussian units .
Schloss
In 1777 , Schönfeld built the Schloss Schönfeld in Kassel , Germany . They used the building as a summer residence until 1790 . Afterward the schloss changed hands several times as other people fell in love with its charm . Among those who used the building in the early 1800s were the Brothers Grimm . The Schloss Schönfeld still exists as a museum .
Notes
References
1733 births
1795 deaths
Lieutenant generals of Prussia
German military leaders of the French Revolutionary Wars
Janaína Dutra ( November 30 , 1960 – February 8 , 2004 ) was an LGBTQIA+ activist and a lawyer from Brazil . They are recognized for being the first transfeminine person to carry a professional card from the Brazilian Bar Association .
In 2021 they were honoured with a Google Doodle by Google .
References
1960 births
2004 deaths
20th-century Brazilian lawyers
LGBT lawyers
María Silvia Micaela Correa Marín is a Chilean Christian Democrat . They were a deputy for the Seventh Departmental Group , Santiago ( Third District ) , Metropolitan Region , between 1965 and 1969 . They also served as governor of the province of Maipo , under the mandate of President Patricio Aylwin , and later Chilean ambassador to Honduras under the presidency of Ricardo Lagos .
Political and public career
They began their political career by joining the Christian Democratic Party ( PDC ) .
In 1990 they were appointed by President Patricio Aylwin as Governor of the province of Maipo . During this time , they did the corresponding paperwork to obtain an extension of land where they could make a park , a habitat that Saint Bernard . They thus obtained the land that is currently occupied by the Parque Metropolitano Sur Cerros de Chena , dependent on the Ministry of Housing and Urbanism ( Minvu ) , and with the cooperation of the Municipality of San Bernardo . Likewise , they managed the construction of the new provincial government building .
On January 1 , 2003 , President Ricardo Lagos appointed them as Chilean ambassador to Honduras , a position they held for three years .
In 2010 , they joined the meetings of the Illustrious Municipality of San Bernardo related to the maintenance and development of the Southern Metropolitan Park Corporation , Cerros de Chena , of the Minvu . They currently run the said park .
References
Chilean politicians
Chilean women in politics
1929 births
Living people
The expression cultural jet lag ( or cultural jetlag ) was first coined by Marc Perraud during their research into cross-cultural psychology . They describe the expression as the phenomenon of partial socialization in adults born from bi-cultural/national unions and whose childhood was characterized by nomadic displacement during key personality developmental stages . Jet symbolically designates international travel as the cause , cultural lag the resulting disconnect observed in these patients .
Originally the author used the expressions social jet lag and cultural jet lag interchangeably , however the expression social jet lag has since more widely become associated with an unrelated delayed sleep phase syndrome and cultural jet lag has therefore become the conventional term . Cultural jet lag is sometimes just referred to by its initials : CJL . During some of the presentations of their research , Marc Perraud also coined the term cultural schizophrenia to explain the elements of confusion in children constantly exposed to changing cultural and moral environments . This expression is to be seen only as an attempt at vulgarization using popular imagery and does not refer to the actual accepted psychological definition , diagnosis or symptoms of clinical schizophrenia .
Incidentally , the expression cultural jet lag was also used in the 1980s as a title for a comic strip , that focused on providing social commentary in the United States ( featured in the Humor Times ) . This title reflects the notions of distance between the author and the subject of their cultural satire but does not reflect the literal and total connotations of the definition cited prior . ( disambiguation )
People most commonly affected
Cultural jet lag refers to the feeling of disconnect that third culture kids ( TCKs ) , as they have now become known , experience in relation to any culture , including the ones from which they stem . This disconnect , also present in adult third culture kids ( ATCKs ) , applies to all the cultures to which they are/were exposed , whether it be their parents ' cultures or those to which they were exposed during their upbringing through international travel .
Symptoms and characteristics
Third culture kids , those that were brought between countries , and in a bi-cultural environment , also referred to as global nomads , typically experience varying degrees of cultural jet lag . While they exhibit high levels of cross-cultural competence ( 3C ) —in that they are in tune with the different cultures between which they grew up , sometimes illustrating more astute understanding than mono-cultured counterparts because of their multiple referential points—they generally have the feeling that they remain outside the culture , looking in . They do not experience the same drives , desires and constraints as other non-TCK members of their cultures and feel like constant spectators to any visceral dynamic ( patriotism , identification , national pride , duty , allegiance , sports fan , political involvement etc . )
Cultural jet lag drives a disconnect that can have varying levels of sociability impact on the TCK depending on their character and their support structures ( friends and family in particular ) . Research done at , a company that regroups one of the largest concentration of TCKs ( 90 % of employees ) , has shown that :
All TCK employees exhibit some degree of cultural jet lag , while symptoms vary in breadth and intensity from person to person
The cultural disconnect they experience with any mono-cultured person , even well-travelled , makes their natural tendency to seek out and bond with others experiencing the same condition . This holds true in friendship , in love and in work relationships .
CJL appears to increase the prevalence of certain psychological traits/abnormalities : antisocial behavior , relationship and commitment difficulties , apathy and boredom , substance abuse , social anxiety and malaise , light depression , and a shared feeling of lack of identity , of referent and of ownership .
On the flip side CJL seems to pre-dispose individuals to develop and be rewarded for their unique perspective on the world . This manifests itself through a higher than usual prevalence artistic and creative activities : advertising , design , music , creative writing—all of which it is postulated require a certain abstraction from conventional social and cultural models . CJL also seems to predispose TCKs to educational fields and/or careers that directly tap into their global awareness and perspectives : international relations , humanitarian and strategic thinking
Other similar cross-cultural phenomena
Cultural jet lag is sometimes confused with several apparently close but dissimilar cross-cultural phenomena :
Culture shock . Simply put , culture shock appears as a result of a discreet decision by an individual to travel abroad . CJL differs from culture shock in that it is not associated to a precise event but rather a lifelong condition linked to the particularities of an uprooted upbringing . CJL neither appears abruptly nor subsides over time , it is a state of being that characterizes those that have experienced a culturally de-structured upbringing . Someone 's realization or third party diagnosis of CJL may be sudden , in the form of an `` a-ha '' moment , but they or they will quickly realize that it is simply an explanation of their or their state of being from as long as they or they can remember .
CJL also differs from the cultural disconnect that remains between the expatriate and their host country once they or they have overcome the initial culture shock . Despite the feeling of disconnect with their host country , the expatriate will never feel lost for they or they still maintain a sense of bond to their or their original culture . Even if this bond dissipates slowly with time , the expatriate will never exhibit the same psychological symptoms as those that characterize CJL . This is because the expatriate will always rely on the psychological stability they or they developed based on a stable mono-cultural referential during key youth developmental stages .
CJL also differs from what has been called reverse culture shock , the reaction caused by an expatriate returning to their or their home country after years of being abroad . As with the example described above , no one can suddenly experience cultural jet lag as its symptoms stem from an atypical developmental environment and not a situational stimulus during adulthood ( i.e . after character formation maturity ) .
Ongoing research
Some research has been done on the third culture kids . However this research has primarily described attributes , anecdotes and summarized basic behavioral/sociological observations . While the serious study of the psychological mechanisms and impacts of cultural jet lag is still in its infancy , it has been brought to the forefront because of the impact globalization has had on the number of children and future adults that will experience CJL .
Research currently underway is testing the postulate that cultural jet lag stems from an atypical crystallization of the super-ego during the child developmental phases . While typical children inherit morals and values first from their parents and then from their environments in a second stage , culturally jet lagged children , devoid of a single moral and cultural referential in their environment , later develop an overstated role of id in their ego balance ( referring to Freudian theory ) .
Statistical research is also underway to identify the psychological impacts of CJL , in particular the :
Prevalence of clinical psychological abnormalities in culturally jet lagged adults
Preferred psychological coping mechanisms of culturally jet lagged adolescents
Comparing the statistical distribution of Myers Briggs profiles in CJL adults vs. the general population
References
Sociology of culture
Cultural assimilation
Cultural concepts
Cross-cultural psychology
Childhood
Cultural globalization
The Johannesburg Philharmonic Orchestra ( JPO ) is Johannesburg 's leading Philharmonic Orchestra . The chair of the Board of Directors is Mr Justice Dikgang Moseneke , and the CEO and Artistic Director is Bongani Tembe . Tembe was appointed in 2015 . They combine this with their role as Artistic Director of the Kwazulu-Natal Philharmonic Orchestra .
The JPO presents four symphony seasons each year at the Linder Auditorium at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg . The orchestra has a community engagement programme , which sees it perform at schools in Soweto and other townships in Gauteng . The JPO also supports other music genres , including ballet and opera . One example is the Joburg Ballet 's 2018 production of Carmen .
Past achievements and activities
During 2000 , the JPO utilised its own scant financial resources to present 15 concerts that included three overseas guest conductors as well as world-renowned overseas artists .
Since its inception , the JPO has presented four symphony seasons every year of symphonic music , mostly with the assistance of corporate sponsorship and individual donations and ticket sales .
In 2004 , the JPO released an internationally acclaimed , world-premiere recording of the Samuel Coleridge-Taylor Violin Concerto .
The JPO commissioned and , in March 2004 , performed the world-premiere of ' A Mandela Portrait ' in recognition of the 10 years of democracy in South Africa . The work was then recorded and broadcast on 1 December 2004 - World Aids Day - on SABC 2 .
In addition to its symphony concerts , the JPO has performed :
'Queen : the Concert '
'The Joburg Pops '
'La Traviata ' and 'La Bohème ' for Opera Africa
'Carmina Burana ' for the German Government 's celebration of 10 years of democracy
Fauré 's 'Requiem ' for RAU .
In 2007 , the JPO became a full-time orchestra with permanent musicians on yearly contracts .
2009 saw the JPO perform for the Inauguration of President Zuma at the Union Buildings
In 2009 , the JPO was awarded funding for a three-year period by the National Lottery Distribution Trust Fund .
In 2009 the JPO provided the recordings for the opening and closing ceremonies for the FIFA Confederations Cup
In 2010 the JPO was asked once again to record for the FIFA World Cup opening and Closing ceremonies
In 2010 , the JPO celebrated its 10th birthday . Reaching this significant milestone was made possible by a small band of dedicated men and women who are passionate about seeing classical music not only survive , but thrive , in Gauteng .
History
The Johannesburg Philharmonic Orchestra ( JPO ) was formed in 2000 by members of the disbanded National Symphony Orchestra . From 2000 until 2012 it presented four seasons of concerts per year . On September 1 , 2006 , Shadrack Bokaba was appointed as Managing Director of the JPO . The following year , its business model was changed fundamentally – with the orchestra moving from operating on an ad-hoc basis to becoming Gauteng 's only permanent orchestra .
The company depended on funding by the public sector for sixty two ( 62 ) percent of its annual income , including from the Department of Arts and Culture and from the Lotteries . Other funding partners were from the private sector , including Anglo-American , JD Group and others . One of the successes during this time was the establishment of the JPO Academy , which focused on the training of talented black African musicians . A four-year intensive orchestral programme was offered in partnership with the WITS School of music with the instrumental training provided by JPO musicians . At the end of 2012 the JPO reached another financial crisis which almost ended in liquidation . Mainly , this was due to the declining income from the public sector . The JPO was placed in business rescue on 23 October 2012 . A business rescue plan was presented and approved by creditors on 19 March of the following year . In 2013 still , the orchestra underwent a number of organizational changes and managed to present two seasons . Since then , the orchestra has put measures in place to secure its survival going forward . Commercial recordings include the first recording of the Violin Concerto by Samuel Coleridge-Taylor .
References
External links
Official site
Culture of Johannesburg
2000 establishments in South Africa
South African orchestras
Musical groups established in 2000
The Maldives National Party ( , MNP ) , is a political party in the Maldives with a total membership of 10,000 as of 24 November 2021 .
A split from the Jumhooree Party , the MNP was invited by the ruling Maldivian Democratic Party in October 2021 to join them in government .
History
On 26 December 2021 MNP presented it 's member Abdul Hannan Idrees with the primary ticket to contest for the vacant Komandoo constituency by-election .
References
Islamic political parties in the Maldives
Political parties established in 2021
2021 establishments in the Maldives
John F. Manning ( born April 11 , 1961 ) is an American educator and lawyer . Manning is currently the Morgan and Helen Chu Dean and Professor of Harvard Law School .
Career
Manning graduated from Harvard College in 1982 and lived in Thayer Hall during their first-year student year . They then graduated from Harvard Law School in 1985 . Following law school , they served as a law clerk to Judge Robert Bork at the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit . They then served as a law clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia for the Supreme Court 's 1988 term . Manning also worked two stints at the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) and in the Solicitor General 's office .
They began teaching at Columbia Law School in 1994 and was the Michael I. Sovern Professor of Law . Manning was brought to Harvard Law School by Dean Elena Kagan to help shore up Harvard Law School 's expertise in public law ; they are an expert in administrative law and a constitutional scholar of textualism . Manning 's hiring , along with that of Jack Goldsmith , and Adrian Vermeule , has `` helped assuage complaints that Harvard marginalized conservative views . '' Manning is also an expert on separation of powers issues .
On July 23 , 2012 , the Supreme Court appointed Manning amicus curiae , in Sebelius v. Auburn Regional Medical Center . They argued the case on December 4 , 2012 .
On April 30 , 2013 , Manning was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences .
On January 5 , 2017 , Martha Minow , then-dean at Harvard Law School , announced that they would be stepping down as dean at the end of the academic year . On June 1 , 2017 , Manning was formally announced as the law school 's next Dean , beginning on July 1 , 2017 . Manning , a textualist legal scholar , whose selection drew criticism from some progressive and liberal groups , has stated that their academic background `` will not affect how they lead the Law School . ''
Published works
Manning is the coauthor of two leading textbooks :
Hart and Wechsler 's The Federal Courts and the Federal System ( 6th ed . 2009 ) ( with Richard H. Fallon , Jr. , Daniel J. Meltzer , and David L. Shapiro ) .
Legislation and Regulation ( 2010 ) ( with Matthew C. Stephenson ) .
They have also written more than thirty law review articles . Some of their most-cited pieces are :
Constitutional Structure and Judicial Deference to Agency Interpretations of Agency Rules , 96 Colum . L. Rev . 612 ( 1996 )
Textualism as a Nondelegation Doctrine , 97 Colum . L. Rev . 673 ( 1997 )
The Nondelegation Doctrine as a Canon of Avoidance , 2000 Sup . Ct. Rev . 223 ( 2000 )
Textualism and the Equity of the Statute , 101 Colum . L. Rev . 1 ( 2001 )
The Absurdity Doctrine , 116 Harv . L. Rev . 2387 ( 2003 )
The Eleventh Amendment and the Reading of Precise Constitutional Texts , 113 Yale L.J . 1663 ( 2004 ) .
Nonlegislative Rules , 72 Geo . Wash. L. Rev . 893 ( 2004 ) .
Textualism and Legislative Intent , 91 Va. L. Rev . 419 ( 2005 ) .
What Divides Textualists from Purposivists ? , 106 Colum . L. Rev . 70 ( 2006 ) .
Federalism and the Generality Problem in Constitutional Interpretation , 122 Harv . L. Rev . 2003 ( 2009 ) .
Competing Presumptions About Statutory Coherence , 74 Fordham L. Rev . 2009 ( 2006 )
Continuity and the Legislative Design , 79 Notre Dame L. Rev . 1863 ( 2004 )
Cases argued in front of the Supreme Court :
Sebelius v. Auburn Regional Medical Center ( 2012 )
American Dredging Company v. Miller ( 1993 )
Security Services , Inc. v. Kmart Corporation ( 1993 )
Williamson v. United States ( 1993 )
Conroy v. Aniskoff ( 1992 )
Federal Communications Commission v. Beach Communications , Inc. ( 1992 )
Parke v. Raley ( 1992 )
Zafiro v. United States ( 1992 )
Barker v. Kansas ( 1991 )
See also
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States ( Seat 9 )
References
External links
Harvard Faculty Bio
John F. Manning , videos at C-SPAN .
Appearances at U.S. Supreme Court , Oyez.org
1961 births
Living people
Harvard College alumni
Harvard Law School alumni
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Columbia Law School faculty
Harvard Law School faculty
American lawyers
American legal scholars
American legal writers
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Massachusetts Republicans
American scholars of constitutional law
Deans of Harvard Law School
Proxima Centauri d ( also called Proxima d ) is a candidate exoplanet orbiting the red dwarf star Proxima Centauri , the closest star to the Sun and part of the Alpha Centauri triple star system . Together with two other planets in the Proxima Centauri system , it is the closest known exoplanet to the Solar System , located approximately away in the constellation of Centaurus . The first signs of the exoplanet emerged as a weak 5.15-day signal in radial velocity data taken from the Very Large Telescope during a 2020 study on Proxima b 's mass . This signal was formally proposed to be a candidate exoplanet by Faria et al . in a follow-up paper published in February 2022 .
Proxima d is a sub-Earth at least one-quarter of the mass of Earth ( or twice the mass of Mars ) , orbiting at roughly every 5.1 days . It is the least massive and innermost known planet of the Proxima Centauri system . It is the least massive exoplanet detected with the radial velocity method . Proxima d orbits too close to its star to be habitable—assuming an Earth-like reflectivity , its equilibrium temperature may reach .
See also
List of nearest exoplanets
References
Exoplanets discovered in 2022
Exoplanets detected by radial velocity
Proxima Centauri
Sri Rajagopalaswamy Temple , also referred to as Santhana Rajagopalaswamy Temple , is a Hindu temple in Rajamadam Village in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu . The deity came in dreams of King Serfoji II ( Sarabhoji II Bhonsle ) and blessed them with a male child . The king had been praying for an heir . To thank them the king built a temple along with a Madam and constructed Rajamadam village . This deity looks like Rajagopalaswamy of Mannargudi .
References
Purana temples of Vishnu
Trades Increase was an English merchant ship launched in 1609 and lost three years later .
References
Ships of the United Kingdom
1612 endings
1609 beginnings
Anthony Allan Staley ( born 15 May 1939 ) is an Australian politician . A member of the Liberal Party , they held the Victorian seat of Chisholm from 1970 to 1980 and served as Minister for the Capital Territory ( 1976–1977 ) and Minister for Posts and Telecommunications ( 1977–1980 ) in the Fraser government . They later served as national president of the Liberal Party from 1993 to 1999 .
Early life
Staley was born on 15 May 1939 in Horsham , Victoria . They were educated at Scotch College , Melbourne . They completed the degree of Bachelor of Laws at the University of Melbourne .
Parliament
Staley was elected to parliament at the 1970 Chisholm by-election , which followed the death of the incumbent Liberal MP Wilfrid Kent Hughes . They were the Member for Chisholm from 1970 to 1980 and was Minister for the Capital Territory from February 1976 to December 1977 in the Fraser Government and then Minister for Post and Telecommunications until their retirement from Parliament .
Subsequent activities
They later served as Federal President of the Liberal Party of Australia . In May 1994 when Liberal Leader John Hewson called a leadership spill , Staley as Liberal President caused controversy when they withdrew their support for Hewson . The controversy was due to the expectation that the organisational wing of the party which Staley was in charge of as president did not interfere with the parliamentary party in selecting the leader . In the subsequent leadership spill Hewson was defeated by Alexander Downer but it was expected that Staley would not have survived as party president if Hewson had won the spill . They did continue on in the position and supported John Howard 's bid to become Leader of the Opposition and ultimately Prime Minister .
Personal life
In 1990 they were involved in a serious road accident , which left them needing to use calipers to walk .
References
External links
Great Scot article
Webster World Encyclopedia of Australia
The Staley Family in Australia
1939 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Chisholm
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
People educated at Scotch College , Melbourne
20th-century Australian politicians
Officers of the Order of Australia
Arthur Leonard Cumberlidge ( 5 April 1914 – 20 April 1983 ) was an English footballer who played at left-half for Port Vale and coached Northwich Victoria .
Playing career
Cumberlidge played for Stoke City , before joining Port Vale as an amateur in October 1936 . They made their debut in February 1937 , and signed professional forms the following month . They made eight Third Division North appearances in the 1936–37 season , and played 23 league games in the 1937–38 season . They featured 35 times in the Third Division South in the 1938–39 campaign . They converted to left-half for the 1939–40 season , having previously been used as a left-back and inside-forward . After the conclusion of World War II , they were out of favour and barely played before they were transferred to Northwich Victoria . They managed the `` Vics '' in the Cheshire County League in 1968 .
Statistics
Source :
References
People from Wolstanton
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Stoke City F.C . players
Port Vale F.C . players
Northwich Victoria F.C . players
English Football League players
English football managers
Northwich Victoria F.C . managers
1914 births
1983 deaths
Acetonedicarboxylic acid , 3-oxoglutaric acid or β-ketoglutaric acid is a simple dicarboxylic acid .
Preparation
Acetonedicarboxylic acid can also be prepared by decarboxylation of citric acid in fuming sulfuric acid :
Applications
Acetonedicarboxylic acid and its esters such as dimethylacetonedicarboxylate are primarily used as building blocks in the synthesis of heterocyclic rings and in the Weiss–Cook reaction .
Acetonedicarboxylic acid is well known to be used in the Robinson tropinone synthesis .
The presence of β-ketoglutaric acid in human urine is diagnostic for the harmful gut flora such as Candida albicans .
See also
alpha-Ketoglutaric acid
References
Dicarboxylic acids
Beta-keto acids
Solo Sessions Vol . 1 : Live at the Knitting Factory is a live album by John Legend .
Recorded in July 2003 at the Knitting Factory in New York City , this album features John performing solo on the acoustic piano with special guest appearances by Kanye West , J. Ivy , and Imani Uzuri .
Track listing
`` Introduction '' by J. Ivy
`` Lifted ''
`` Do What I Got ta Do ''
`` She Does n't Have To Know ''
`` Do n't Let Me Be Misunderstood ''
`` Sun Comes Up ''
`` Stay With You ''
`` So High '' ( featuring J. Ivy )
`` If This World Were Mine '' ( featuring Imani Uzuri )
`` All Falls Down '' ( featuring Kanye West )
`` Motherless Child ''
`` Refuge ''
`` Must Be the Way ''
References
2004 live albums
Albums produced by Dave Tozer
Albums produced by John Legend
Albums produced by Kanye West
Albums recorded at the Knitting Factory
John Legend albums
Kara ( ) is a Nepali-language novel by Sushila Karki . It was published on December 9 , 2019 by Kitab Publishers . Karki is the first female Chief Justice of Nepal . It is the second book of the author who previously published an autobiography - Nyaya . The novel is inspired by Karki 's own jail time experience during the 1990s . The book was launched in a ceremony on the premises of Nepal Academy by former Police Chief Ramesh Kharel and Chief Justice Sapana Malla .
Synopsis
The novel is the story of female prisoners . Karki themselves was prisoned during the Panchayat regime in the 90s . The major theme of the book is about the bondage of the women in the society . Its hows the discrimination that a woman has to face in the society .
Reception
The book received mild responses from the critics . Chief justice Sapana Malla called the book as `` a reality of Nepalese society '' during the launch event of the book . Laxmi Basnet in their review for Himal Khabar criticized the book for it `` linguistic weakness '' . Phanindra Sangram called the book `` a 'fresh content ' for Nepalese readers despite its certain drawbacks '' for their review for Koseli ( weekly ) of Kantipur newspaper .
See also
Nyaya
Shirishko Phool
Parityakta
References
21st-century Nepalese novels
21st-century Nepalese books
Nepalese novels
Cultural depictions of Nepalese women
2019 Nepalese novels
Nepali-language novels
Novels set in Nepal
A multidimensional parity-check code ( MDPC ) is a simple type of error correcting code that operates by arranging the message into a multidimensional grid , and calculating a parity digit for each row and column . In general , an n-dimensional parity scheme can correct n/2 errors .
Example
The two-dimensional parity-check code , usually called the optimal rectangular code , is the most popular form of multidimensional parity-check code .
Assume that the goal is to transmit the four-digit message `` 1234 '' , using a two-dimensional parity scheme . First the digits of the message are arranged in a rectangular pattern :
12
34
Parity digits are then calculated by summing each column and row separately :
123
347
46
The eight-digit sequence `` 12334746 '' is the message that is actually transmitted . If any single error occurs during transmission then this error can not only be detected but can also be corrected as well . Let us suppose that the received message contained an error in the first digit . The receiver rearranges the message into the grid :
923
347
46
The receiver can see that the first row and also the first column add up incorrectly . Using this knowledge and the assumption that only one error occurred , the receiver can correct the error . In order to handle two errors , a 4-dimensional scheme would be required , at the cost of more parity digits .
Decoder
An n-dimensional parity scheme is only guaranteed to correct up to n/2 errors , as the minimum distance is ( n + 1 ) . As with all block codes , a soft-decision decoder may be able to correct more than this .
See also
Error detection and correction
Forward error correction
Low-density parity-check code
Error detection and correction
Brevin Pritzl ( born October 10 , 1996 ) is an American basketball player for Leuven Bears in the Belgium and Netherlands basketball league , BNXT League . Pritzl previously played for Tamiš of the Basketball League of Serbia and for Team FOG Naestved in the Danish basketball league , Basketligaen . Pritzl played college basketball for Wisconsin .
High school career
Pritzl attended De Pere High School in De Pere , Wisconsin . They finished as the leading scorer with 1,720 points .
College career
Pritzl hardly played as a redshirt first-year student . They started 21 games as a redshirt sophomore , averaging 8.9 points and 3.8 rebounds per game . Pritzl averaged 4.8 points and 2.4 rebounds per game as a junior . As a senior , Pritzl averaged 8.0 points and 3.7 rebounds per game , helping Wisconsin finish 14-6 in the Big Ten and 21-10 overall . Pritzl shot 37.0 % from behind the arc , third-best on the team behind Micah Potter and D'Mitrik Trice . The team won eight straight games before the season was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic .
College statistics
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2015–16
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Wisconsin
| 1 || 0 || 4.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2016–17
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Wisconsin
| 24 || 0 || 8.1 || .342 || .238 || .737 || 1.1 || 0.1 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 1.9
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2017–18
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Wisconsin
| 32 || 21 ||29.3 || .397 || .356 || .855 || 3.8 || 1.0 || 0.8 || 0.2 || 8.9
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2018–19
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Wisconsin
|34 || 0 || 19.6 || .463 || .410 || .833 || 2.4 || 0.5 || 0.1 || 0.3 || 4.8
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2019–20
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Wisconsin
| 31 || 7 || 21.7 || .389 || .370 || .850 || 3.7 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 0.5 || 8.0
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Career
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' |
| 122 || 28 || 21.7 || .403 || .366 || .833 || 2.8 || 0.6 || 0.5 || 0.1 || 6.1
Source :
Professional career
On July 27 , 2020 , Pritzl has signed with Tamiš of the Basketball League of Serbia . Pritzl scored 42 points in a game on December 26 , 2020 . In August 2021 , Pritzl signed with Team FOG Naestved from Naestved , Denmark to play in the Danish basketball league , Basketligaen
April 2022 , Pritzl signed with Leuven Bears from Leuven , to play in the Belgium and the Netherlands basketball league , BNXT League
Eurocup
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2020–21
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Tamiš
| 30 || 29 || 28.3 || 50.0 || 39.6 || 89.0 || 2.5 || 2.0 || .6 || .1 || 13.4 || 11.4
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2021–22
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Team FOG Naestved
| 28 || 28 || 31.1 || 48.6 || 43.5 || 97.4 || 5.3 || 2 || 1 || .3 || 16.6 || 19.9
|-
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | 2022–23
| style= '' text-align : left ; '' | Leuven Bears
| 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0 || 0
Personal
Brevin 's father , Brian , played college basketball at St. Norbert and Brevin 's older brother , Brandon , played college basketball at Hillsdale College and is the current assistant men 's basketball coach for the Wisconsin Green Bay Phoenix men 's basketball team Brevin earned a bachelors degree in Kinesiology in December 2018 and masters degree in educational leadership and policy analysis in December 2019 .
References
External links
Wisconsin Badgers bio
ESPN bio
Rivals.com Profile
Pritzl 's Twitter
1996 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Serbia
American men 's basketball players
Basketball League of Serbia players
Basketball players from Wisconsin
KK Tamiš players
People from De Pere , Wisconsin
Shooting guards
Wisconsin Badgers men 's basketball players
Temir ( , ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the town of Temir . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
Ahmad Yamani ( Arabic : أحمد يماني ; born 1970 , Cairo ) is an Egyptian poet and translator . They graduated from Cairo University in 1992 and got their PhD in Arabic philology from Complutense University in Madrid . They now live in Spain where they work at the broadcaster RTVE .
Clarissa C. Burt , writing the Journal of Arabic Literature , classifies Yamani as a `` nineties poet '' . They wrote `` ... his work is gross , revolting , disturbing , abusive , even as it reveals occasional remarkable turns of phrase , and inspired use of poetic tools . ''
Youssef Rakha , writing in The Kenyon Review , characterized the poetry of Yamani and the other young nineties poets as posing a political challenge to followers of Gamal Abdel Nasser ( 1918-1970 ) , the influential Egyptian leader .
They have published several books of poetry in Arabic , and one in their adopted language Spanish . Yamani has translated numerous Spanish-language writers into Arabic , among them José Ángel Valente , Rubén Darío , César Vallejo , Adolfo Bioy Casares , Miguel Casado , Rosendo Tello , Ángel Guinda , Agustín Porras , and Roberto Bolaño .
In 2010 , they were named as one of the Beirut39 , a selection of the best young writers in the Arab world . Samuel Shimon devoted a chapter of their 2012 book , Beirut39 : New Writing from the Arab World , to Yamani , publishing English translations of eight of their poems .
Poetry collections
2013 Montasaf al-huyuraat
2008 Amaken jati ' a
2001 Wardat fi ' l-raás
1998 Tahta shagara-t al-aíla
1995 Shawaria al-ábyad wa ' l-áswad
2015 Refugio de huesos ( in Spanish )
References
Egyptian poets
1970 births
Living people
Cairo University alumni
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Egyptian expatriates in Spain
Spanish journalists
Gunaratne or Gunaratna ( Sinhala : ගුණරත්න ) is a Sinhalese name that may refer to
Gunaratna Weerakoon , Sri Lankan politician
Asela Gunaratne ( born 1986 ) , Sri Lankan cricketer
C. V. Gunaratne , Sri Lankan Minister of Industries Development
Chandima Gunaratne ( born 1982 ) , Sri Lankan cricketer
Chathura Gunaratne ( born 1982 ) , Sri Lankan association football midfielder
D. Shelton A. Gunaratne , Sri Lankan American professor of mass communications
Dedunu Gunaratne , Sri Lankan cricketer
Dilesh Gunaratne , Sri Lankan cricketer
Kamal Gunaratne , Sri Lankan military general
M. H. Gunaratne , Sri Lankan military officer
Nimal Gunaratne , Director of Health Services of the Sri Lanka Air Force
Pulasthi Gunaratne ( born 1973 ) , Sri Lankan cricketer
R. D. Gunaratne , Sri Lankan chess player and scientist
Rohan Gunaratna ( born 1961 ) , Singaporean analyst on security affairs
Sarath Kumara Gunaratna , Sri Lankan politician
Thalika Gunaratne ( born 1975 ) , Sri Lankan cricketer
Tudor Gunaratne ( born 1966 ) , Sri Lankan cricketer
Sinhalese surnames
Annie Florence Violet McAdoo ( 1900 -22 November 1961 ) was an Ulster born watercolour and landscape painter , a graduate from the Royal College of Art , a one time secretary of the Ulster Academy of Arts , and a time served educator .
Biography
McAdoo was born in Cookstown , County Tyrone in 1900 , the only daughter of Hugh Weir McAdoo , a draper , and their wife Marion Jones . McAdoo gained a general education at the Ladies ' School in Cookstown . They received an art education at the Belfast School of Art , before graduating from the Royal College of Art in 1927 . McAdoo returned to Northern Ireland where they taught art for many years at Princess Gardens School in South Belfast until their retirement .
McAdoo was a member of the Belfast Art Society with whom they began exhibiting in 1925 . They were to continue showing with their successor organisations , the Ulster Academy and the Royal Ulster Academy , almost every year until their death .
McAdoo was a member of the Watercolour Society of Ireland where they showed 39 works between 1946 and 1960 . In 1943 they exhibited at the CEMA sponsored Living Irish Artists exhibition and in a second exhibition of fourteen local watercolour painters . In 1944 they shared the gallery at the Belfast Museum and Art Gallery in a two-person exhibition with Olive Henry . McAdoo presented with watercolours however Henry also presented oils . The pictures were primarily of landscapes but included a number of urban scenes . The Northern Whig 's reviewer described McAdoo 's work as `` ... vivid and strong , and they go in more for heavy dark colours . ''
McAdoo was one of fourteen artists ' work including pictures by Colin Middleton , Romeo Toogood and Kathleen Bridle purchased by the Council for the Encouragement of Music and the Arts in 1946 . McAdoo joined their friend Olive Henry at the seventeenth annual show of the National Society of Painters , Sculptors and Engravers in 1950 when their watercolour was one of 550 selected works . McAdoo 's work was also shown at the inaugural show of the Association of Past Pupils and Staff at the Belfast College of Art in 1954 alongside T P Flanagan , Colin Middleton and Basil Blackshaw .
McAdoo was one of four vice-presidents of the Ulster Academy of Arts , where they were later to become an Associate . In 1954 they showed in London with the United Society of Artists and with the National Society of whom they were a member . They were also a member of the Society of Women Artists .
Death and legacy
McAdoo died in Belfast City Hospital on 22 November 1961 . They never married and had no children . The Royal Ulster Academy showed four of their works posthumously in the annual exhibition of 1962 . McAdoo left donations to several charities in their last will and testament , including a bequest of five-hundred pounds to the Royal Ulster Academy of Arts .
McAdoo 's work is represented in many private and public collections including the Ulster Museum , and the Royal Ulster Academy of Arts .
References
External links
Examples of Violet McAdoo 's work in private collections via invaluable.com
1900 births
1961 deaths
20th-century Irish painters
20th-century women artists from Northern Ireland
20th-century Irish women artists
Abstract painters
Alumni of Belfast School of Art
Alumni of Ulster University
Irish women painters
Members of the Royal Ulster Academy
Painters from Northern Ireland
Aziz Mohammad Khan ( 1931–1992 ) or Aziz Qaisi was an Urdu poet , short story writer , and film writer . They were born and educated in Hyderabad , Telangana . They started writing early and established themselves as a poet and story writer . They moved to Mumbai in the late nineteen-fifties , and became an active part of Mumbai 's literary and film scene . They were associated with a number of films , including Kunwara Baap , Ankur , and Dayavan . Early in their life , they became associated with the Progressive Writers ' Movement , which had a presence in Hyderabad and Mumbai .
Work and contribution
Aziz Qaisi started writing early , and by the mid-1950s had already written poetry and short stories . Although they are known primarily as a poet , they also wrote prose . Their poems consist of both ghazals and nazms . They published three poetry collections . Their works have been translated into other Indian languages as well as English . Their poems and stories have been part of various important anthologies of Indian and Urdu literature . Their contribution to contemporary Indian literature is significant . They are counted among the important poets who contributed significantly to Urdu poetry after 1947 and introduced new trends .
Filmography
Dushman Duniya Ka ( 1996 ) ( dialogue ) ( screenplay ) ( story ) ,
Indrajeet ( 1991 ) ( screenplay ) ,
Dayavan ( 1988 ) ( dialogue ) , ( Lyrics ) ,
Apne Apne ( 1987 ) ( script )
Sarkari Mehmaan ( 1978 ) ( dialogue )
Oonch neech Beech
Pyaar Bana Afsana
Kunwara Baap ( 1974 ) ( written by )
Rakhi Aur Hathkadi ( 1972 ) ( Screenplay )
Bansi Birju ( 1972 ) ( dialogue ) ( screenplay ) ( story )
Ankur ( 1974 )
Rakhi Aur Hathkadi ( 1972 ) ( screenplay )
References
External links
Awaz Sayeed 's sketch of Aziz Qaisi
Aziz Qaisi 's Shairi collectio on ShairOShairi.com
Poetry Pakistanway
1931 births
1992 deaths
Urdu-language poets from India
Indian Muslims
Writers from Hyderabad , India
Poets from Andhra Pradesh
20th-century Indian poets
Indian male poets
20th-century Indian male writers
is an igneous rock , created from lava and ash . Ōya stone was famously used in the facing of Frank Lloyd Wright 's Imperial Hotel in Tokyo . One reason this stone was used is because it has a warm texture and is easily carved , which allows much versatility . Ōya stone can have different colors and is also fireproof .
Ōya stone can only be found in an area 4 kilometers to the east and west by 6 kilometers to the north and south around the town of Ōya , near Utsunomiya , but there are reserves of around 600 million tons .
References
External links
http : //www.asahi.com/english/TKY201006170491.html
Igneous rocks
Tochigi Prefecture
Building stone
`` Rilly Groovy '' is a 1993 song by Beautiful People . Released as the second single from their 1993 album If 60 's Were 90 's , the song reached # 3 on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart .
Background
The song was written by group leader Du Kane and Luke Baldry with the programming done by Baldry at Kane 's mother 's house in Sussex . Like the rest of Rilly Groovy 's parent album If 60 's Were 90 's , the song extensively samples the works of Jimi Hendrix ; Rilly Groovy samples guitar from `` Wild Thing '' , `` Up the Road '' and `` Bleeding Heart '' , and bass guitar and spoken words from Jimi Plays Monterey .
The sample used for the guitar solo , like the others on the album , was a multitrack solo ; although the group had permission to raid Jimi Hendrix 's archive and indeed did do for the song 's solo , most of the album 's samples were taken from CD to show how much could be done . However , Rilly Groovy 's solo posed an extra challenge as the drumming used in the source solo was non-metronomic , with Mitch Mitchell starting at about 100bpm and rising to 140bpm ; Baldry 's response was to cut it into about 20 different chunks each on the left and right , reorder them , and then replay them across the beat .
Music video
A music video was produced for the song . It was shot at the now-defunct Fungus Mungus in Battersea , although since many of the samples were originally taken from Jimi Plays Monterey , so too was their corresponding video .
Chart performance
Rilly Groovy charted at No . 3 in the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart ; on the back of this , If 60 's Was 90 's was re-released and peaked at No . 74 on the UK Singles Chart , and No . 5 on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart .
References
1993 singles
1993 songs
Beautiful People ( band ) songs
George Henry Barber ( 23 August 1884 – 28 May 1938 ) was a Canadian athlete . They competed in four jumping events at the 1908 Summer Olympics .
References
1884 births
1938 deaths
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Canadian male long jumpers
Canadian male high jumpers
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes from Toronto
Olympic male high jumpers
`` Up There Cazaly '' is 1979 song by Mike Brady , written to promote Channel Seven 's coverage of the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) . It was first performed by the Two-Man Band , a duo of Brady and Peter Sullivan , and has since become an unofficial anthem of Australian rules football .
The title refers to early-20th-century ruckman Roy Cazaly . Known for their prodigious leap , Cazaly formed a famous ruck combination with South Melbourne teammates Fred `` Skeeter '' Fleiter and Mark `` Napper '' Tandy . It was ruck-rover Fleiter who was the first to call `` Up there , Cazaly ! '' when the ruckman flew for the ball . The catchcry was soon adopted by South Melbourne supporters and eventually entered the Australian lexicon as a common phrase of encouragement .
Released independently on Fable Records , the song became the highest selling Australian single ever with sales of over 240,000 as of October 1979 and 260,000 by the end of 1980 . It held this record until February 1981 when Joe Dolce 's `` Shaddap You Face '' sold more than 290,000 units .
At the Australian 1979 TV Week/Countdown Music Awards the song was nominated for Most Popular Australian Single .
Background
`` Up there , Cazaly ! '' was used as a battle cry by Australian troops during World War II . It has been noted that Cazaly 's distinctive surname most likely contributed to the phrase 's enduring popularity . As one journalist noted , `` 'Up there , McKinnon ' might not have taken off '' .
Australian dramatist Ray Lawler included the phrase in their 1955 play Summer of the Seventeenth Doll when they had hero Nancy use it on several occasions , most notably in a telegram with marked dramatic effect : `` Up there , Cazaly . Lots of Love . Nance . ''
Track listing
`` Up There Cazaly '' ( Seven 's Footy Theme ) ( 2:40 )
`` The Winner 's March '' ( Instrumental ) ( 2:54 )
Reception
In 1979 , VFL star Ron Barassi described the track as `` one of VFL football 's real success stories '' of the year , and opined that it was `` destined to go down in football history . '' Ian Warden , a columnist for The Canberra Times , reported that they found themselves singing the `` banal confection '' to themselves all day , and that it had `` somehow made it to the summit of my subconscious Top Twenty , triumphing over
the greatest hits of Wagner and of Berlioz . It is all too sinister . ''
When asked which Australian song they would most like to cover , Spiderbait member Kram chose `` Up There Cazaly '' , `` because it 's the 'Bohemian Rhapsody ' of footy songs '' .
In an essay on their love–hate relationship with Australian football , comedian Catherine Deveny considers `` Up There Cazaly '' to be `` schmaltzy '' and `` formulaic '' , but also gives it reluctant praise : `` The cloying lyrics and emotionally manipulative music would invoke involuntary goosebumps , teary eyes and a subsequent feeling of embarrassment . The rousing chord progressions , choirs in full flight , strings in octaves and timpani created a confected majesty that tapped into our animal brains . ''
Cover versions and popular culture
When the South Melbourne Football Club relocated to Sydney as the rebranded Sydney Swans in 1982 , the club changed its song to a rewritten version of `` Up There Cazaly '' entitled `` Up There for Sydney '' . The song was poorly received and the club soon reverted to its original song , `` Cheer , Cheer the Red and the White '' .
In 1991 , Collingwood great Lou Richards released a hip hop version of `` Up There Cazaly '' under their nickname Louie the Lip . It peaked at number 105 in Australia . On their 2007 album The World 's Most Popular Pianist Plays Down Under Favorites , French pianist Richard Clayderman included a medley composed of `` Up There Cazaly '' , `` Tie Me Kangaroo Down Sport '' and `` A Pub With No Beer '' .
`` Up There Cazaly '' is featured in the 1980 film adaptation of David Williamson 's play The Club .
In 1981 , Ian Turner and Leonie Sandercock published a history of the VFL titled Up Where , Cazaly ? : The Great Australian Game .
In an episode of the 1997 documentary series Race Around the World , `` Up There Cazaly '' is played over footage of John Safran streaking through Jerusalem in St Kilda colours .
You Am I vocalist Tim Rogers performed the song on a 2001 episode of The Footy Show . `` Up There Calisi '' is a satirical song released by TISM bassist Jock Cheese on their 2002 solo album Platter . Australian Idol finalist Shannon Noll gave their own rendition of the song at the 2011 North Melbourne Grand Final Breakfast .
In 2014 , Andrew Hansen of the comedy group The Chaser wrote a new version of `` Up There Cazaly '' for Fox Footy .
In 2016 , Australia Post launched a television advertising campaign set to a cover version of `` Up There Cazaly '' , sung by people from different backgrounds in their own cultural style . It was affiliated with the AFL 's Multicultural Round .
Use outside Australian football
In 1982 , `` Up There Cazaly '' was rewritten and released as `` Up There Old England '' by Cliff Portwood . Brady flew to England to help Portwood record the song but it was never released , due to the B side having a portion of `` Land of Hope and Glory '' on it , creating a licensing issue just as it was getting major airtime on the radio .
The song is used as the walkout tune for Tonbridge Angels soccer club in the United Kingdom . It is also used as a fan chant for Derby County F.C . supporters with the name of Steve Bloomer 's Watchin .
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
Australian rules football in Australian popular culture
References
1979 singles
Australian rules football songs
History of Australian rules football
Songs about sportspeople
Gold ( II ) sulfate is the chemical compound with the formula or more correctly . This compound was previously thought to be a mixed-valent compound as AuIAuIII ( SO4 ) 2 . But later , it was shown that it contained the diatomic cation , which made it the first simple inorganic gold ( II ) compound . The bond distance between the gold atoms in the diatomic cation is 249 pm .
Production and properties
Gold ( II ) sulfate is produced by reaction of sulfuric acid and gold ( III ) hydroxide . Gold ( II ) sulfate is unstable in air and oxidizes to hydrogen disulfoaurate ( III ) ( ) .
References
Gold compounds
Sulfates
The Hundred of Perlubie is a hundred within County of Dufferin , South Australia and was proclaimed in 1895 .
The traditional owners of the land are the Wirangu peoples .
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Perlubie
Oliver Moore is a British Sinologist , and the first Chair in Chinese at Groningen University .
Career
Moore was educated at Bryanston School , the School of Oriental and African Studies , the University of Cambridge , and Fudan University in Shanghai . They have worked at Leiden University , Kyoto University , the National Museum of Ethnology in Leiden and the British Museum in London . They have researched a variety of topics , including the social history , visual arts and material culture of China . Their inaugural lecture as Professor at Groningen , on 12 December 2017 , was titled `` Facts , Fictions , and Attitudes : Common Tactics for Representing China '' .
Selected publications
Books
2020 Photography in China : Science , Commerce and Communication Forthcoming ( Bloomsbury Publishing )
2004 Rituals of Recruitment in Tang China : Reading an Annual Programme in the Collected Statements by Wang Dingbao ( 870-940 ) ( Sinica Leidensia LXV , Brill )
2000 Reading the Past : Chinese ( British Museum Press )
Articles
2007 “ Zou Boqi ( 1819-1869 ) , Map-maker and Photographer ” , for Kenneth Hammond ed. , The Human Tradition in Modern China . Rowman & Littlefield
2006 `` The Dongyang Cave , Art , Society and China '' , in Kitty Zijlmans , ed. , Site-Seeing : Places in Culture , Time and Space . Leiden : CNWS Publications , 2006 : 53-87
2003 `` Violence Un-scrolled : Cultic and Ritual Emphases in Painting Guan Yu ” , Arts Asiatiques 58 ( 2003 ) : 86-97
2000 `` China 's Art and Material Culture '' , in Chinese Studies in the Netherlands
1995 `` Arms and armour in late Imperial China : pieces AD 1600-199 in the British Museum '' , in Apollo , the International Magazine of Arts
References
External links
Oliver Moore 's staff page at Groningen
Oliver Moore on Academia.edu
Oliver Moore on Researchgate
Oliver Moore on Youtube talking about an ivory arm rest
British sinologists
Living people
Employees of the British Museum
People educated at Bryanston School
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Kanaka may refer to :
Kanak people , the indigenous Melanesian residents of New Caledonia
kanaka maoli , traditional name native of the Hawaiian people
Kanaka ( Pacific Island worker ) , workers from Pacific Islands employed in British colonies and in North American fur trade and goldfields
Kanaka Bar , British Columbia , an unincorporated area in the Fraser Canyon of British Columbia
Kanaka Bar First Nation , the Nlaka'pamux First Nations government at the Kanaka Bar , British Columbia
Kanaka Creek , British Columbia , a historical settlement and modern neighbourhood in the District of Maple Ridge , British Columbia , Canada
Kanaka Creek Regional Park , a regional park run by the Greater Vancouver Regional District , in Maple Ridge , British Columbia , Canada
Kanaka ( given name ) , an Indian name ( including a list of persons with the name )
Kanaka ( actor ) , Indian film actor
Kanaka , the Sanskrit term for a species of Datura
Kanaka ( film ) , a 2018 Indian Kannada romantic action film
See also
Kanaka Shree , an award instituted by the government of Karnataka , India
Kanaka pigeon , an extinct bird of New Caledonia and Tonga
Native Hawaiians or kānaka ʻōiwi
Kanake , racial epithet in the German language , derived from the Melanesian term
Tāngata whenua , a Māori term of the indigenous peoples of New Zealand and literally means `` people of the land '' , from tāngata ( `` people '' ) and whenua ( `` land '' )
Tangata manu
Owyhee ( disambiguation )
Froy or FRoY may refer to :
States
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia , the name of Serbia and Montenegro from 1992 to 2003
People
Frøy Aagre ( born 1977 ) , Norwegian musician
Herald Froy , pen-name of Keith Waterhouse ( and Guy Deghy )
Martin Froy ( 1926-2017 ) , British painter
Miss Froy , a fictional character in the book The Wheel Spins and the film The Lady Vanishes
Froy Gutierrez American actor and singer
Froy Salinas ( 1939-2021 ) , American politician
Other uses
Team Frøy–Bianchi , UCI Continental cycling team
Knox County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois . According to the 2020 census , it had a population of 49,967 . Its county seat is Galesburg .
Knox County comprises the Galesburg , IL Micropolitan Statistical Area .
History
Knox County was named in honor of Henry Knox , the first US Secretary of War .
The first `` Knox County '' in what today is Illinois was unrelated to the modern incarnation . In 1790 , the land of the Indiana Territory that was to become Illinois was divided into two counties : St. Clair and Knox . The latter included land in what was to become Indiana . When Knox County , Indiana , was formed from this portion of the county in 1809 , the Illinois portions were subdivided into counties that were given other names .
The modern Knox County , Illinois , was organized in 1825 , from Fulton County , itself a portion of the original St. Clair County .
Like its neighbor to the south , Fulton County , for its Spoon River Drive , Knox County is also known for a similar scenic drive fall festival the first two weekends in October , the Knox County Drive .
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the county has a total area of , of which is land and ( 0.5 % ) is water .
Climate and weather
In recent years , average temperatures in the county seat of Galesburg have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July , although a record low of was recorded in January 1982 and a record high of was recorded in July 1983 . Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July .
Public Transit
Amtrak
Burlington Trailways
Galesburg Transit
Major highways
Interstate 74
U.S. Highway 34
U.S. Highway 150
Illinois Route 8
Illinois Route 17
Illinois Route 41
Illinois Route 78
Illinois Route 97
Illinois Route 164
Illinois Route 116
Illinois Route 167
Illinois Route 180
Adjacent counties
Mercer County - northwest
Henry County - north
Stark County - east
Peoria County - southeast
Fulton County - south
Warren County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census , there were 52,919 people , 21,535 households , and 13,324 families residing in the county . The population density was . There were 24,077 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.5 % white , 7.2 % black or African American , 0.6 % Asian , 0.2 % American Indian , 1.9 % from other races , and 2.5 % from two or more races . Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.8 % of the population . In terms of ancestry , 23.1 % were German , 14.9 % were Irish , 11.7 % were English , 11.6 % were Swedish , and 8.0 % were American .
Of the 21,535 households , 27.2 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 45.7 % were married couples living together , 11.9 % had a female householder with no husband present , 38.1 % were non-families , and 32.3 % of all households were made up of individuals . The average household size was 2.27 and the average family size was 2.84 . The median age was 42.0 years .
The median income for a household in the county was $ 39,545 and the median income for a family was $ 51,740 . Males had a median income of $ 42,067 versus $ 25,380 for females . The per capita income for the county was $ 20,908 . About 10.9 % of families and 15.5 % of the population were below the poverty line , including 24.7 % of those under age 18 and 7.3 % of those age 65 or over .
Communities
Cities
Abingdon
Galesburg
Knoxville
Oneida
Villages
Altona
East Galesburg
Henderson
London Mills ( mostly in Fulton County )
Maquon
Rio
St. Augustine
Victoria
Wataga
Williamsfield
Yates City
Census-designated places
Gilson
Oak Run
Other unincorporated communities
Appleton
Centerville
Columbia Heights
Dahinda
Delong
Douglas
Elba Center
Henderson Grove
Hermon
Ontario
Rapatee
Saluda
Soperville
Trenton Corners
Truro
Uniontown
Townships
Knox County is divided into twenty-one townships :
Cedar
Chestnut
Copley
Elba
Galesburg
Galesburg City
Haw Creek
Henderson
Indian Point
Knox
Lynn
Maquon
Ontario
Orange
Persifer
Rio
Salem
Sparta
Truro
Victoria
Walnut Grove
Politics
Knox County 's political history is typical of Yankee-settled Northern Illinois . It leaned Whig during its early elections – although giving a plurality to Franklin Pierce in 1852 – and become powerfully Republican following that party 's formation . Although Knox did support Progressive Theodore Roosevelt against conservative incumbent President William Howard Taft in 1912 , it was Franklin D. Roosevelt 's 1932 landslide before Knox County again gave the Democratic Party so much as a plurality , and it did not give a Democratic absolute majority until Lyndon B. Johnson gained such against the anti-Yankee , Southern-leaning Barry Goldwater in 1964 .
Since then , Knox County gradually trended Democratic for the following four decades , so that Michael Dukakis in their losing 1988 campaign was able to carry the county by the same margin as Johnson had done in 1964 . During the 1990s and 2000s , Knox was a solidly Democratic county , voting Democratic by at least nine percentage points in every election from 1992 to 2012 . The 2016 election , in the shadow of high unemployment in the “ Rust Belt ” saw a swing of over twenty percentage points to Donald Trump , who became the first Republican victor in the county since Ronald Reagan in 1984 .
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Knox County , Illinois
References
Further reading
Charles C. Chapman and Co. , History of Knox County , Illinois : Together with Sketches of the Cities , Villages and Townships ; Record of its Volunteers in the Late War ; Educational , Religious , Civil and Political History ; Portraits of Prominent Persons and Biographical Sketches of the Subscribers ; History of Illinois , Abstracts of the State Laws , Etc. , Etc. , Etc . Chicago : Blakely , Brown and Marsh , Printers , 1878 .
Fred R. Jelliff , Annals of Knox County : Commemorating Centennial of Admission of Illinois as State of the Union in 1818 . Galesburg , IL : Republican Register Printing , 1918 .
Portrait and Biographical Album of Knox County , Illinois , Containing Full Page Portraits and Biographical Sketches of Prominent and Representative Citizens of the County , Together with Portraits and Biographies of All the Governors of Illinois , and of the Presidents of the United States : Also Containing a History of the County from Its Earliest Settlement Up to the Present Time . Chicago : Biographical Publishing Company , 1886 .
External links
`` Foxie 's Knox Co. , IL AHGP ''
Illinois counties
1825 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1825
Galesburg , Illinois micropolitan area
Ivanovo ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иваново ; ; ; ) is a village located in the Pančevo municipality , in the South Banat District of Vojvodina , Serbia . It has a population of 1,053 inhabitants .
Name
The Serbian name of the village means Ivan 's place of residence . According to a legend , a Bulgarian Paulician man called Ivan Guran was the first to make their home in the present day territory of the village . The Hungarian and German names of the village mean place of residence of Alexander 's church . Both names refer to Bishop of Csanád , Sándor Bonnaz , who had a major role in funding the local church , which had been built between 1889 and 1899 .
Location
Ivanovo is located in the southern part of the Town of Pančevo , administrative unit in the South Banat District , and south of its administrative center , Pančevo itself . Village of Omoljica , also part of Pančevo , is just to the northwest , upstream the Nadela . Across the Danube is the village of Ritopek , in the municipality of Grocka , which is part of the City of Belgrade .
Geography
Ivanovo is situated at the mouth of the channeled Nadela river into the Danube 's arm of Dunavac . The village is situated among the floodplains of the Danube : Ponjavica on the east , which has been declared a nature park , and Ivanovačko Ostrvo , on the south , which has been declared a natural monument . Ivanovačko ostrvo occupies the river island ( ada ) of Ivanovo , just south of the village , which has been formed by the Nadela , Dunavac and Danube , at its . The area is the remaining patch of once vast flooded forests of Podunavlje . River and canal banks are inhabited by the relics Pančić 's frog grass ( Senecio pancicii ) and wild grape vine ( Vitis vinifera subsp . sylvestris ) .
The village is almost from all sides encircled by the rivers and canals ( Veliki kanal , etc . ) , giving an island feel . The section along the Dunavac and the Danube itself is protected by an embankment , which protects the village as it is located below the Danube 's level .
Ivanovo is located in the vast Banat plain , surrounded by the pastures and the groves of poplar and black locust . Along the village , the avenues of walnut trees and lindens are planted .
The waters around the village are a natural spawning area of common carp , so the fishing is quite developed , though mostly a recreational one . The surrounding floodplains are inhabited by storks , herons , swans , geese and ducks . Protected white-tailed eagle nests in the area .
History
The village was founded in 1868 , and it is the youngest settlement of this administrative area . It was first settled by Banat Bulgarians ( Paulicians ) , and fifteen years later by Germans and Hungarian ( Székelys of Bukovina ) .
Ivanovo is founded in connection with the communal works which were planned for the area . They included the vast melioration , mostly draining of the floodplains in order to obtain arable land . Other project was prevention of the flooding and construction of the embankment along the Danube 's bank .
The settlement was a part of Habsburg 's military frontier ( Austrian Empire ) since its founding , then it belonged to the Torontál county of Austria-Hungary . After World War I , that area was a part of provisional Torontalsko-tamiške županja ( Treaty of Trianon ) , in 1922 of Belgrade oblast and since 1929 of the Danube Banovina in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia . In the time after World War II its belonged to the Srez Pančevo of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia . The communal area of Ivanovo was a part of the municipal region of Pančevo from all these centuries to the present .
In 1944 , Red Army troops which participated in the final expulsion of the German occupational forces from Serbia were stationed in and around Ivanovo , including Marshal Fyodor Tolbukhin .
In the 2010s , families from Belgrade and Pančevo began buying old houses and renovating them into the summer houses so Ivanovo serves as an air spa and excursion place for the population of the nearby polluted cities . Unlike other rural areas in Vojvodina and central Serbia , where village houses and estates were sold for severely reduced prices since the 2000s , the real estate prices in Ivanovo remained high , despite the village , being at the ending part of the road , has been described as `` appendix '' of Pančevo .
Characteristics
Though fairly small , the village has cultural venues , elementary school founded in 1888 and today named `` Moša Pijade '' , community health center and post office . There is a Roman Catholic church in Ivanovo , dedicated to Wendelin of Trier , and in 2018 it was announced that an Orthodox church will be built , too .
In the center of the village , a cannon was put on display . The cannon was used by the Red Army during the 1944 to expel the Germans .
Demography
Economy
Prior to World War II , the arm of the Danube served as a winter shelter ( zimovnik ) for ships during the harsh winters when the river would freeze , and as an occasional port . Until some time after the war , there was a regular ferry service to Ritopek , across the Danube . A buttons factory `` Inga '' was operational from 1948 to 1962 . The entry section into the Dunavac arm still serves as the winter shelter .
In the 21st century , the settlement is almost completely agricultural , while a number of denizens is employed in Pančevo . Due to the meadows which surround it , and the groves of black locust , the area is suitable for beekeeping . Fruit growing is also developed .
In the center of the village there is a restaurant , today called Bife Aurelija , which has been working since 1870 .
Apart from the road which connects it to Omoljica , across the bridge over Nadela , Ivanovo can be reached from Ritopek , via a seasonal ferry , through the Dunavac arm .
Culture
In 2001 , local Bulgarian people have formed the cultural association Ivanovo 1868 .
Numerous festivities are held in the local cultural venue , including the annual International salon of art photography , founded in 2006 . Photo-safari is also organized annually , so as the `` Golden Accordion '' festival .
In all of Serbia , the traditional shepherd 's game called popika survived today only in Ivanovo . The old , contest-type game is played on grassy fields , somewhat resembles baseball , and the players are divided into `` servants '' and `` masters '' . The origin is unknown and both the Bulgarians and the Hungarians claim it .
Gallery
See also
List of cities , towns and villages in Vojvodina
List of places in Serbia
References
Sources
Samu Borovszky , Magyarország vármegyéi és városai . Torontal vármegye , Budapest 1912 .
External links
Ivanovo on the Official Website by the Municipality of Pančevo .
Pančevo
Populated places in Serbian Banat
Populated places in South Banat District
Banat Bulgarian people
The Ronda de Atocha is an thoroughfare in Madrid , Spain . It is part of the rim of streets rounding up the city historical centre , following the layout of the Walls of Philip IV .
History and description
Starting in the Plaza del Emperador Carlos V and ending in the , the ronda de Atocha conforms a stretch of the southern limits of the Centro district . The Ronda occupies part of the layout of the ancient Walls of Philip IV .
The ronda already existed when the ( 1656 ) was created .
The area was refurbished during the reign of Charles III ( late 18th century ) , and the Ronda de Atocha became part of a trident of forested boulevards ( along the and the ) that followed the patte d'oie configuration in vogue at the time .
Following the end of the 1936–1939 Spanish Civil War , during the Francoist dictatorship , the name of the Ronda de Atocha was changed to `` General Primo de Rivera '' , in reference to Miguel Primo de Rivera . After 1968 , the thoroughfare featured one of the three overpasses of so-called `` scalextric '' of Atocha , that infamously became one of the largest hotspots of air pollution in the entire city .
On 25 January 1980 , during the municipal government of Enrique Tierno Galván , the City Council voted in favour of returning the name of the thoroughfare back to `` Ronda de Atocha '' along a wider change of another 26 street names connected to the Francoist dictatorship or the Civil War . Meanwhile , the dismantling of the `` scalextric '' started in 1985 . Works were completed in 1986 .
References
Informational notes
Citations
Bibliography
Streets in Madrid
Embajadores neighborhood , Madrid
Arganzuela
Bob Yari ( ; born May 30 , 1961 ) is an Iranian-born American film producer and director .
Biography
Yari was born to a Jewish family in Tehran , Iran . They grew up in New York City , and studied film in Santa Barbara . Yari has produced numerous award winning films , including Crash and The Illusionist . Their directorial credits include Papa Hemingway in Cuba , and Mind Games . Yari has also produced numerous televisions series , including Yellowstone , 1883 , and Mayor of Kingstown .
Bob Yari began their film career in the 1980s working for film and television producer Edgar Scherick . In 1989 , they directed and produced their first film , Mind Games . Yari left the film industry in the 1990s and spent the next decade developing large scale commercial real estate projects , including Greenspoint Mall in Houston Texas . In the early 2000s , Yari returned to film and began developing , financing and producing films under four labels , including Laws of Attraction ( Stratus Film ) , Employee of the Month ( Bull 's Eye Entertainment ) , A Love Song for Bobby Long ( El Camino Pictures ) , and Crash ( Bob Yari Prods ) . Over the next decade , Yari is credited with producing over forty features , including The Painted Veil , Street Kings , Prime and the Cody Banks series . They also produced the feature documentaries Tyson , Dave Chapelle 's Block Party and Ca n't Stand Losing You : Surviving the Police .
In 2016 , Bob Yari returned to the director 's chair to helm the biopic Papa Hemingway in Cuba , which won the jury prize for Best World Feature at the Sonoma International Film Festival . The film was the first U.S. production in over five decades to be shot on location in Havana .
Bob Yari first began producing for television in 2008 with the series Crash , a spinoff of the Oscar winning film . Yari later partnered with 101 Studios to produce the Paramount Western series `` Yellowstone , '' and its prequel `` 1883 , '' as well as `` Mayor of Kingstown . '' In 2022 , Paramount announced that Yari would executive produce an additional slate of series , including : `` 1923 , '' another chapter in the `` Yellowstone '' franchise starring Helen Mirren and Harrison Ford , `` Land Man , '' starring Billy Bob Thornton , `` Lioness '' starring Zoe Saldaña , `` Tulsa King '' , and the limited series `` Bass Reeves , '' starring David Oyelowo .
In 2021 , Bob Yari published their first book , The Human Condition : A Pathway to Peace and Fulfillment , exploring a pathway to happiness rooted in a balanced lifestyle and attitude . The following year , Yari published On Creation and the Origins of Life : An Exploration of Intelligent Design , an exploration of the various possibilities and theories on the start of life on our planet .
Film credits
They were a producer in all films unless otherwise noted .
Film
As director
Television
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
American film producers
Iranian film producers
American people of Iranian-Jewish descent
Iranian Jews
University of California , Santa Barbara alumni
Iranian diaspora film people
American independent film production company founders
Charles Steven Key , better known as Paul Morris , is the owner of Treasure Island Media , a San Francisco , California-based gay pornography studio that specializes in bareback pornography .
Career
Before being a pornographer , Morris studied composition . They hold an MFA in Electronic Music from Mills College . They have studied with Robert Ashley , Philip Corner , Grosvenor Cooper , Terry Riley , and Lou Harrison .
Morris started Treasure Island Media , naming the business after their favorite childhood book ( Treasure Island ) . In 1998 , they filmed Raunch Lunch . Alongside their own videos , Morris has expanded the studio to release videos directed by Damon Dogg , Max Sohl , Liam Cole , and the Mecos group in Mexico City , and independently produced videos by Swiss members of the Dark Sun Collective .
They are known to be a patron of independent filmmakers and has supported work by Vanessa Renwick , Bill Daniel , Todd Verow , Daniel Rabinowitz , Lee Krist , Ryan Sullivan and others . They have also funded projects by San Francisco 's Artists ' Television Access . They were a primary producer of Todd Ahlberg 's film , Meth , a feature-length documentary on drug abuse among gay men .
In October 2007 , Morris 's Treasure Island Media ( TIM ) won the prize for Best US Studio at the DAVID Awards in Berlin . This caused controversy as TIM produces bareback films , filmed without a condom , causing Titan Media founder Bruce Cam to decline a Lifetime Achievement Award at the same event . In 2008 , Morris received a Best Director Golden Dickie Award for `` What I Ca n't See 2 '' ( which also won Best Video ) from Rad Video and Treasure Island Media received the most awards of any adult company including Best Studio .
Morris and their company have been repeatedly banned from consideration for most adult industry awards and events . In July 2009 , it was announced that Treasure Island Media had been banned from participating in both The Folsom Street Fair and Dore Alley in San Francisco , and also International Mr. Leather in Chicago . When asked for their opinion on winning awards , Morris states , `` I do n't pay attention to those things . Prizes are for kids . I 'm a grown up now . ''
In their article `` Unbecoming : Pornography and the Queer Event '' , Tufts University professor Lee Edelman discussed the role of Morris 's pornography as work that `` hopelessly heralds the future '' of what Edelman calls the `` posthumanous '' . In this function , Edelman wrote , Morris ' pornography is similar to the film works of both Pier Paolo Pasolini and Michael Haneke .
In May 2014 , Morris gave their first phone interview in almost ten years to Australian journalist , Toby McCasker , on the topic of HIV as seen in the Treasure Island picture , Viral Loads .
Morris has co-published academic articles with porn studies scholar Susanna Paasonen in GLQ : A Journal of Lesbian and Gay Studies and The Oxford Handbook of Sound and Image in Digital Media .
References
External links
`` Paul Morris : Rebel Artist or Provocateur ? `` , interview by Rick Reed , Windy City Times , 2005-05-25 . Retrieved 2007-11-01
`` A Tale of Two Pornographers '' , interviews on the subject of barebacking , with Paul Morris and Chi-Chi LaRue , by Michael Slezak , GayHealth , June 15 , 2001
`` Gay Porn Cult - Treasure Island Media '' , article on Paul Morris and Treasure Island Media 2008
American pornographic film directors
American pornographic film producers
Gay men
LGBT people from the United States
Living people
Directors of gay pornographic films
Producers of gay pornographic films
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Rocket Knight is a 2.5D platforming video game developed by Climax Studios and published by Konami for Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows . The game was released on May 11 , 2010 for Microsoft Windows and May 12 , 2010 on consoles , with the exception of the PlayStation 3 release in North America , which was released on May 18 , 2010 . The Microsoft Windows release is not available in Europe .
Rocket Knight is a revival of the Sparkster series , which first began with Rocket Knight Adventures . The game is a sequel to the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis game Sparkster : Rocket Knight Adventures 2 , and not a remake of Rocket Knight Adventures .
Gameplay
The game is shown at a slightly zoomed out perspective , allowing less dangerous use of the jetpack , and uses the auto-filling power meter from Sparkster : Rocket Knight Adventures 2 , which powers both the jetpack and sword attacks featured in Rocket Knight Adventures ( neither Rocket Knight Adventures nor the SNES Sparkster game have an auto-power meter ) . Sparkster can not perform consecutive boosts , but can temporarily hover in midair . There are other tweaks , such as Sparkster only bouncing off walls when they hit them at a 45-degree angle . They are also able to shoot short range projectiles and perform a drill attack which allows them to break through certain surfaces . Sparkster 's attack range is also complete , allowing them to deflect certain projectiles with their sword . Like previous entries , there will be side-scrolling shooting segments , where Sparkster can charge their shots and use their jetpack to quickly avoid obstacles . There are several items and power ups along the way , with point and life bonuses earned for collecting all of a certain item in a level .
Plot
Sparkster , upon their return from fighting the Gedol empire in Sparkster : Rocket Knight Adventures 2 , is surprised to find that the Devotindos empire , the pigs that they had fought previously in Rocket Knight Adventures , had taken up residence in the Kingdom of Zephyrus along with the opossums inhabitants under permission granted by the Zephyrus king performed to the General Sweinhart , a war veteran from the previous war between Zepyrus and Devotindos . With their warning claims being ignored by the Zephyrus king , Sparkster decides to move elsewhere to live with their family for a while , assuming they were no longer as useful as they are .
Fifteen years later , a new threat to Zephyrus has arrived . Sparkster is surprised to find the pigs fighting alongside the opossums against an army of wolves , with Sparkster 's nemesis , Axel Gear , acting as Rocket Knight in their absence . Suspecting something may be amiss , Sparkster decides to put on their gear and head back into the fray , ready to fight the wolf army . However , when Sparkster eventually defeats the leader of the Wolf army in their homeland , General Sweinhart turns the Devotindos empire once again against the opossums , their one other threat eliminated . Sparkster must return to Zephyrus to save their kingdom and defeat the Devotindos army .
Development and release
When producer Tomm Hulett joined Konami , they decided to work on a pitch for a revival for Sparkster , which was accepted after two years and four pitches . Hulett claims , `` it was really a matter of reworking the concept – making the right pitch at the right time , '' with various recent franchise revivals receiving positive responses at the time . Hulett also said that Konami thought Climax Studios were the best pick partly due to their facial animation technology , allowing Sparkster to produce expressions respective to their 16-bit counterparts . A trailer was released on October 9 , 2009 .
Rocket Knight is one of the game 's featured in Xbox 's November 2021 Games with Gold lineup , where the game was made for free for the month for Xbox Live Gold and Game Pass Ultimate subscribers .
Reception
IGN gave the game a score of 7.5 , praising the inventive platforming but showing concern for the high price point . Game Informer gave the game a score of 8 out of 10 . GamesRadar gave the game 7/10 , praising its mechanics but criticising its fluctuating difficulty , along with the high price point . 1up.com gave it a C+ grade , criticising its lack of variety . Sales were near to 12,000 units as of year-end 2010 .
See also
Rocket Knight Adventures
Sparkster : Rocket Knight Adventures 2
Sparkster
References
External links
Rocket Knight 5 Day Feature at 1up.com
2010 video games
Climax Group games
Fictional opossums
Konami games
Platform games
PlayStation Network games
Side-scrolling video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games with 2.5D graphics
Video game sequels
Windows games
Xbox 360 Live Arcade games
Steampunk video games
Single-player video games
The Bangi language , or Bobangi , is a relative and main lexical source of Lingala spoken in central Africa . Dialects of the language are spoken on both sides of the Ubangi River and Congo River .
Use in trade
As the Bobangi people came to dominate the slave trade along the upper Congo River in the late 18th century , the Bangi language was used to facilitate trade between different ethnic groups in the region . Linguist John Whitehead claimed that the Moye , Likuba , Bonga , Mpama , Lusakani , and peoples all used Bangi for intercommunication in the 1890s . Traders in the region who did not speak Bangi used a trade language that borrowed heavily from Bangi . At the height of indigenous trade along the upper river , the Bobangi dominated the 500 kilometer section of the Congo between the Kwah River and the equator , which most river trade passed through . Other ethnic groups in this area were either assimilated into the Bobangi ethnic alliance , adopting the Bangi language , or were driven off . However , the Bobangi dominance over trade was ended by Europeans in the late 19th century when colonial powers pushed local indigenous groups out of profitable trade . By the late twentieth century , there were very few Bobangi people remaining in the area they had controlled a century earlier , and the Bangi language is no longer widespread .
Sources and references
Linguistic map
Webresources for Bantu languages
References
Bangi-Ntomba languages
Languages of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The Robert Street Bridge is a reinforced concrete multiple-arch bridge that spans the Mississippi River in downtown Saint Paul , Minnesota , United States . The bridge is notable for its complex design that was required to accommodate river traffic , the St. Paul Union Pacific Vertical-lift Rail Bridge crossing underneath it at an angle , and roadways on the downtown side of St. Paul . The bridge is also notable for a monumental reinforced concrete rainbow arch . The rainbow arch not only provides 62 feet of headroom above the river , but also provides a strong aesthetic focus . It was built in 1924–1926 by Fegles Construction Company , Ltd. and designed by Toltz , King & Day . The bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989 . The bridge as well as Robert Street itself are named after Captain Louis Roberts , a notable French Canadian river boat captain , business person and early settler of Saint Paul , MN .
The bridge was commissioned in the early 1920s to replace a wrought-iron span , originally built in 1884-1885 , that had become obsolete due to increasing traffic . The engineers who designed the bridge had several obstacles to work around . The tracks of the Chicago , St. Paul , Minneapolis and Omaha Railway , St. Paul Union Depot , and the Chicago Great Western Railway mainline were factors . The engineers also had to provide adequate clearance above the river , as defined by the United States War Department at the time . Finally , the bridge had to clear Second Street in downtown St. Paul and work through a busy manufacturing district at the south end . The location of nearly every pier was dictated by these requirements . As a result , the bridge was designed with a combination of barrel-arch and rib-arch flanking spans and a rainbow arch for the central span .
One of the members of the crew building the bridge was Warren Burger , future Chief Justice of the United States .
See also
List of crossings of the Upper Mississippi River
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ramsey County , Minnesota
References
1926 establishments in Minnesota
Art Deco architecture in Minnesota
Bridges completed in 1926
Bridges in Saint Paul , Minnesota
Bridges over the Mississippi River
Concrete bridges in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Saint Paul , Minnesota
Open-spandrel deck arch bridges in the United States
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Through arch bridges in the United States
Johnny Gerard Plate ( born 10 September 1956 ) is an Indonesian politician and business person who is serving as the current Minister of Communication and Information Technology in Joko Widodo 's Onward Indonesia Cabinet since 2019 . Previously , they served in the People 's Representative Council for five years , and had been reelected for a second term in the 2019 election . They are a graduate of Atma Jaya Catholic University of Indonesia .
Early life and education
Johnny was born in the town of Ruteng , in Flores , on 10 September 1956 . They studied economics and business management at the Atma Jaya Catholic University .
Career
In the early 1980s , they entered the business of agricultural equipment , during a boom in new plantations in Kalimantan and Papua . They later joined AirAsia and served as commissioner in several companies .
Johnny ran in the 2014 legislative election as a Nasdem Party candidate in the East Nusa Tenggara 1 electoral district , and they successfully secured a seat after winning 33,704 votes . During their term in the People 's Representative Council , they were appointed secretary-general of Nasdem in 2017 . They were reelected in 2019 with 115,921 votes .
On 23 October 2019 , President Joko Widodo appointed Johnny as the Minister of Communication and Information Technology .
References
1956 births
Living people
People from East Nusa Tenggara
Onward Indonesia Cabinet
Government ministers of Indonesia
Members of the People 's Representative Council , 2014
Members of the People 's Representative Council , 2019
Nasdem Party politicians
Indonesian Roman Catholics
The Gauss–Newton algorithm is used to solve non-linear least squares problems , which is equivalent to minimizing a sum of squared function values . It is an extension of Newton 's method for finding a minimum of a non-linear function . Since a sum of squares must be nonnegative , the algorithm can be viewed as using Newton 's method to iteratively approximate zeroes of the sum , and thus minimizing the sum . It has the advantage that second derivatives , which can be challenging to compute , are not required .
Non-linear least squares problems arise , for instance , in non-linear regression , where parameters in a model are sought such that the model is in good agreement with available observations .
The method is named after the mathematicians Carl Friedrich Gauss and Isaac Newton , and first appeared in Gauss ' 1809 work Theoria motus corporum coelestium in sectionibus conicis solem ambientum .
Description
Given functions ( often called residuals ) of variables with the Gauss–Newton algorithm iteratively finds the value of the variables that minimize the sum of squares
Starting with an initial guess for the minimum , the method proceeds by the iterations
where , if r and β are column vectors , the entries of the Jacobian matrix are
and the symbol denotes the matrix transpose .
At each iteration , the update can be found by rearranging the previous equation in the following two steps :
With substitutions , , and , this turns into the conventional matrix equation of form , which can then be solved in a variety of methods ( see Notes ) .
If , the iteration simplifies to
which is a direct generalization of Newton 's method in one dimension .
In data fitting , where the goal is to find the parameters such that a given model function best fits some data points , the functions are the residuals :
Then , the Gauss–Newton method can be expressed in terms of the Jacobian of the function as
Note that is the left pseudoinverse of .
Notes
The assumption in the algorithm statement is necessary , as otherwise the matrix is not invertible and the normal equations can not be solved ( at least uniquely ) .
The Gauss–Newton algorithm can be derived by linearly approximating the vector of functions ri . Using Taylor 's theorem , we can write at every iteration :
with . The task of finding minimizing the sum of squares of the right-hand side ; i.e. ,
is a linear least-squares problem , which can be solved explicitly , yielding the normal equations in the algorithm .
The normal equations are n simultaneous linear equations in the unknown increments . They may be solved in one step , using Cholesky decomposition , or , better , the QR factorization of . For large systems , an iterative method , such as the conjugate gradient method , may be more efficient . If there is a linear dependence between columns of Jr , the iterations will fail , as becomes singular .
When is complex the conjugate form should be used : .
Example
In this example , the Gauss–Newton algorithm will be used to fit a model to some data by minimizing the sum of squares of errors between the data and model 's predictions .
In a biology experiment studying the relation between substrate concentration and reaction rate in an enzyme-mediated reaction , the data in the following table were obtained .
It is desired to find a curve ( model function ) of the form
that fits best the data in the least-squares sense , with the parameters and to be determined .
Denote by and the values of and rate respectively , with . Let and . We will find and such that the sum of squares of the residuals
is minimized .
The Jacobian of the vector of residuals with respect to the unknowns is a matrix with the -th row having the entries
Starting with the initial estimates of and , after five iterations of the Gauss–Newton algorithm , the optimal values and are obtained . The sum of squares of residuals decreased from the initial value of 1.445 to 0.00784 after the fifth iteration . The plot in the figure on the right shows the curve determined by the model for the optimal parameters with the observed data .
Convergence properties
It can be shown that the increment Δ is a descent direction for , and , if the algorithm converges , then the limit is a stationary point of . However , convergence is not guaranteed , not even local convergence as in Newton 's method , or convergence under the usual Wolfe conditions .
The rate of convergence of the Gauss–Newton algorithm can approach quadratic . The algorithm may converge slowly or not at all if the initial guess is far from the minimum or the matrix is ill-conditioned . For example , consider the problem with equations and variable , given by
The optimum is at . ( Actually the optimum is at for , because , but . ) If , then the problem is in fact linear and the method finds the optimum in one iteration . If |λ| < 1 , then the method converges linearly and the error decreases asymptotically with a factor |λ| at every iteration . However , if |λ| > 1 , then the method does not even converge locally .
Derivation from Newton 's method
In what follows , the Gauss–Newton algorithm will be derived from Newton 's method for function optimization via an approximation . As a consequence , the rate of convergence of the Gauss–Newton algorithm can be quadratic under certain regularity conditions . In general ( under weaker conditions ) , the convergence rate is linear .
The recurrence relation for Newton 's method for minimizing a function S of parameters is
where g denotes the gradient vector of S , and H denotes the Hessian matrix of S .
Since , the gradient is given by
Elements of the Hessian are calculated by differentiating the gradient elements , , with respect to :
The Gauss–Newton method is obtained by ignoring the second-order derivative terms ( the second term in this expression ) . That is , the Hessian is approximated by
where are entries of the Jacobian Jr . Note that when the exact hessian is evaluated near an exact fit we have near-zero , so the second order term becomes near-zero as well , which justifies the approximation . The gradient and the approximate Hessian can be written in matrix notation as
These expressions are substituted into the recurrence relation above to obtain the operational equations
Convergence of the Gauss–Newton method is not guaranteed in all instances . The approximation
that needs to hold to be able to ignore the second-order derivative terms may be valid in two cases , for which convergence is to be expected :
The function values are small in magnitude , at least around the minimum .
The functions are only `` mildly '' nonlinear , so that is relatively small in magnitude .
Improved versions
With the Gauss–Newton method the sum of squares of the residuals S may not decrease at every iteration . However , since Δ is a descent direction , unless is a stationary point , it holds that for all sufficiently small . Thus , if divergence occurs , one solution is to employ a fraction of the increment vector Δ in the updating formula :
In other words , the increment vector is too long , but it still points `` downhill '' , so going just a part of the way will decrease the objective function S. An optimal value for can be found by using a line search algorithm , that is , the magnitude of is determined by finding the value that minimizes S , usually using a direct search method in the interval or a backtracking line search such as Armijo-line search . Typically , should be chosen such that it satisfies the Wolfe conditions or the Goldstein conditions .
In cases where the direction of the shift vector is such that the optimal fraction α is close to zero , an alternative method for handling divergence is the use of the Levenberg–Marquardt algorithm , a trust region method . The normal equations are modified in such a way that the increment vector is rotated towards the direction of the steepest descent ,
where D is a positive diagonal matrix . Note that when D is the identity matrix I and , then , therefore the direction of Δ approaches the direction of the negative gradient .
The so-called Marquardt parameter may also be optimized by a line search , but this is inefficient , as the shift vector must be recalculated every time is changed . A more efficient strategy is this : When divergence occurs , increase the Marquardt parameter until there is a decrease in S. Then retain the value from one iteration to the next , but decrease it if possible until a cut-off value is reached , when the Marquardt parameter can be set to zero ; the minimization of S then becomes a standard Gauss–Newton minimization .
Large-scale optimization
For large-scale optimization , the Gauss–Newton method is of special interest because it is often ( though certainly not always ) true that the matrix is more sparse than the approximate Hessian . In such cases , the step calculation itself will typically need to be done with an approximate iterative method appropriate for large and sparse problems , such as the conjugate gradient method .
In order to make this kind of approach work , one needs at least an efficient method for computing the product
for some vector p. With sparse matrix storage , it is in general practical to store the rows of in a compressed form ( e.g. , without zero entries ) , making a direct computation of the above product tricky due to the transposition . However , if one defines ci as row i of the matrix , the following simple relation holds :
so that every row contributes additively and independently to the product . In addition to respecting a practical sparse storage structure , this expression is well suited for parallel computations . Note that every row ci is the gradient of the corresponding residual ri ; with this in mind , the formula above emphasizes the fact that residuals contribute to the problem independently of each other .
Related algorithms
In a quasi-Newton method , such as that due to Davidon , Fletcher and Powell or Broyden–Fletcher–Goldfarb–Shanno ( BFGS method ) an estimate of the full Hessian is built up numerically using first derivatives only so that after n refinement cycles the method closely approximates to Newton 's method in performance . Note that quasi-Newton methods can minimize general real-valued functions , whereas Gauss–Newton , Levenberg–Marquardt , etc . fits only to nonlinear least-squares problems .
Another method for solving minimization problems using only first derivatives is gradient descent . However , this method does not take into account the second derivatives even approximately . Consequently , it is highly inefficient for many functions , especially if the parameters have strong interactions .
Notes
References
.
External links
Probability , Statistics and Estimation The algorithm is detailed and applied to the biology experiment discussed as an example in this article ( page 84 with the uncertainties on the estimated values ) .
Implementations
Artelys Knitro is a non-linear solver with an implementation of the Gauss–Newton method . It is written in C and has interfaces to C++/C # /Java/Python/MATLAB/R .
Optimization algorithms and methods
Least squares
Statistical algorithms
The Bay of Langarano ( ) is a bay in the south-western coast of Madagascar .
Geography
The bay is in the region of Atsimo-Andrefana . It lies in the Mozambique Channel area , between the mouths of the Linta River and the Menarandra River . Port d'Androka is a harbour located 4 km to the southeast .
See also
Geography of Madagascar
References
External links
Langarano
Anosy
The Wardal were an indigenous Australian people of the Mid West and Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia .
Country
Norman Tindale calculated by inference that the Wardal 's lands covered around , from Lake Carnegie running west and northwest to Well 11 ( Goodwin Soak ) on the Canning Stock Route . Their southern boundaries lay round Lake Nabberu while their westernmost extension appears to have gone as far as the Old Bald Hill Station near Beyond Bluff .
Name
Wardal appears to mean 'west ' and by extension , 'westerners ' .
Alternative names
Tjitijamba .
Tjitjijamba .
Waula . ( Pini exonym bearing the sense of `` northerners '' ) .
Notes
Citations
Sources
Aboriginal peoples of Western Australia
John Chaney ( January 12 , 1790 – April 10 , 1881 ) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for three terms from 1833 to 1839 .
Biography
Born in Washington County , Maryland , the son of Susanna and Nathan Cheney , Chaney moved with their parents to Pennsylvania . They received a limited schooling .
They moved to Ohio in 1810 and settled in Bloom Township , Fairfield County , Ohio .
They engaged in agricultural pursuits .
Chaney married Mary Ann LaFere of Bloom Township in 1816 .
They were in the Justice of the Peace in 1821 , 1824 , and 1827 .
Trustee of Bloom Township for twenty-three years .
Major , colonel , and paymaster in the Ohio State Militia .
They served as member of the State house of representatives 1828-1830 .
Chaney was elected associate judge of Fairfield County in 1831 .
Ohio Presidential elector in 1832 for Andrew Jackson .
Chaney was elected as a Jacksonian to the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Congresses and as a Democrat to the Twenty-fifth Congress ( March 4 , 1833 – March 3 , 1839 ) .
They returned to Ohio and settled in Canal Winchester , Franklin County .
They were again a member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1842 and served as speaker .
They served as member of the village council .
They served in the Ohio State Senate in 1844 and 1845 .
They were again a member of the state house of representatives in 1855 .
They served as a delegate to the Ohio constitutional convention in 1851 .
Death
They died at Canal Winchester , Ohio , April 10 , 1881 .
They were interred in Union Grove Cemetery .
John Chaney was the great-grandfather of the famous actor Lon Chaney , and the great-great-grandfather of Lon Chaney 's son , Lon Chaney Jr .
Sources
1790 births
1881 deaths
People from Washington County , Maryland
People from Fairfield County , Ohio
People from Franklin County , Ohio
Ohio Constitutional Convention ( 1850 )
Ohio state senators
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
1832 United States presidential electors
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
American militia officers
Jacksonian members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
People from Canal Winchester , Ohio
The Salina Rattlers were a professional basketball franchise based in Salina , Kansas , that competed for one season in the International Basketball Association ( IBA ) . They played their home games at the Bicentennial Center . The team folded along with the IBA after the 2000–01 season .
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Basketball teams in Kansas
Sports in Salina , Kansas
Basketball teams established in 2000
Basketball teams disestablished in 2001
2000 establishments in Kansas
2001 disestablishments in Kansas
Chunchen ( ) is a Chinese given name .
People called `` Chunchen '' include :
Chen Chunchen ( born 1975 ) , a Taiwanese professional pool player
Wang Chunchen ( born 1964 ) , a Chinese art historian , curator , and critic
Chinese given names
Richard C. Lounsberry ( February 21 , 1916 – January 30 , 2000 ) was an American politician who served in the New York State Assembly from the Tioga district from 1953 to 1965 .
They died on January 30 , 2000 , in Sayre , Pennsylvania at age 83 .
References
1916 births
2000 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York ( state ) Republicans
20th-century American politicians
Kupellonura werawera is a species of crustacean of the order Isopoda . The holotype was collected from Orpheus Island , Queensland , but its wider distribution is unknown .
References
Isopoda
Kargaly ( , ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Badamsha . Population :
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
`` The Catwalk '' ( S02 , E12 ) is the thirty-eighth episode ( production # 212 ) of the science-fiction television series Star Trek : Enterprise . To survive a radiation storm , the entire crew of the Enterprise is forced to shelter inside one of the starship 's warp nacelles . Tensions rise and the motives and strange behaviour of the passengers they took on are questioned .
This episode aired on December 18 , 2002 on United Paramount Network ( UPN ) .
Plot
Enterprise is hailed by a trio of aliens , who warn that a deadly neutronic wavefront , many light years across , is approaching at a speed close to warp 7 . Since the ship is capable of only warp 5 and can not outrun the storm , everyone must shelter in order to survive the storm 's radiation . The one place onboard that may be heavily shielded enough for the eight-day ordeal is the catwalk , a maintenance shaft running the length of each nacelle . Commander Tucker must take the main reactor offline , as the temperatures on the catwalk can reach degrees ( 572 degrees F ) when online .
After only hours to prepare , these crew evacuates to the catwalk . They entertain themselves paying cards , reading , and watching old films , gathered around a small screen . The storm envelops the ship , and as the days wear on , nerves fray , particularly when the alien guests start up a barbecue near a flammable conduit . Tucker and Archer discover that the injectors have started to come online . Tucker must return to Engineering to shut them down again , and their EV suit will only protect them for only 22 minutes . When they reach Engineering , they discover that an alien ship has docked and intruders are interfering with the ship 's systems . Doctor Phlox deduces that the aliens must be immune to the storm 's radiation .
When confronted , the trio confesses that the other aliens are looking for them , explaining they deserted from the Takret Militia when they learned their commanders were capturing other ships and killing all onboard . As T'Pol and Reed work to shut down the warp reactor , Archer hails the alien leader , pretending to be the ship 's sole survivor . They demand they leave and threatens to destroy the Enterprise rather than let it be taken , and sends the ship straight for a plasma eddy . As the reactor shuts down , the intruders abandon ship . When the Enterprise clears the storm and the crew return to their quarters , Tucker invites T'Pol to join their movie night every Tuesday . The trio of alien visitors apologize for the trouble they brought and depart .
Production
The episode was written by Mike Sussman and Phyllis Strong who also wrote the episode `` Dead Stop '' . Mike Vejar had directed many episodes of Star Trek , and this was the fourth time they have directed a script by Sussman and Strong .
Filming took eight days , starting Wednesday , October 23 , and finishing Friday November 1 , 2022 . Existing sets were used for the first three days . New sets of the catwalk , built especially for the episode , spanned two soundstages and were named `` Catwalk-3 '' , `` Catwalk-5 '' , `` Catwalk-Command '' and `` Catwalk-Infirmary '' . The second block of shooting took place almost entirely on the new sets .
Reception
`` The Catwalk '' first aired on UPN December 18 , 2002 . It had a 3.0 rating with a 5 share , and an audience of 4.73 million viewers .
In a 2013 review of the season 2 Blu-ray box-set , The Morton Report felt this was one of the season 's standout episodes , and called it a `` successful example of the writers combining a 'ship episode ' ( lo-tech and talky ) with a suspenseful , somewhat more action-oriented approach . ''
In 2014 , The A.V . Club noted this episode as one of ten in the series that epitomized what the show was about , with the crew `` operating at the very edge of their knowledge and their technology '' , and praised its fascinating premise . In their 2022 rewatch , Keith DeCandido of Tor.com gave it 7 out of 10 .
In 2016 , Vox rated it one of the top 25 essential episodes of all Star Trek , and described it as `` a fun look at the rough-and-tumble early days of Starfleet . ''
In 2021 , The Digital Fix described it as `` entertaining '' and `` one of the good episodes from season two '' .
Home media release
The first home media release of `` The Catwalk '' was as part of the season two DVD box set , released in the United States on July 26 , 2005 .
A release on Blu-ray Disc for season two occurred on August 20 , 2013 .
Jay Chattaway 's music for the episode was released as part of the four audio disc box set Star Trek : Enterprise Collection on December 2 , 2014 , including the orchestral piece `` Taking Back Enterprise / Captain A Captain / Core Is Down '' on compact discs .
References
External links
Star Trek : Enterprise ( season 2 ) episodes
2002 American television episodes
Seyed Ashrafedin Hosseini Gilani ( 1870–1934 ) was a combatant poet in Iran 's constitutional revolution and the editor of the newspaper Nasim-e-Shomal ( meaning Northern Breeze in English ) .
Early life and education
Ashrafedin born in 1870 in Qazvin . They lost their father when they were only six months old . Their paternal heritage was usurped . This brought them and their family into extreme poverty .
Ashrafedin finished their elementary education in their home town then went to Najaf ( Iraq ) for religious education . They came back to Iran after five years and continued their studies there .
It was in 1906 while living in Rasht ( north of Iran ) that they got to know the leaders of the constitutional revolution and started publishing the weekly newspaper , Nasim-e Shomal .
Constitutional Revolution
The revolution in 1906 was suppressed at its early stages . After the bombardment and dissolution of the parliament by Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar , Ashrafedin fled to Eshtehard , in the suburb of capital Tehran . A few months later when they returned to Rasht they became influenced by the leaders of the Social-Democrats of the Caucasus . This effect was later visible in the articles published in Nasim-e Shomal .
Death
Ashrafedin was finally arrested for their anti government activities . The exact date of their arrest in unknown . As it was announced in their newspaper , Nasim-e Shomal , Ashrafedin died on 20 March 1934 in Tehran . They were buried in a cemetery near the city of Rey south of the capital Tehran.The newspaper Nasim-e Shomal did not last long after their death .
References
20th-century Iranian politicians
20th-century Iranian poets
1870 births
1934 deaths
Iranian Islamic religious leaders
People of the Persian Constitutional Revolution
People from Qazvin
20th-century newspaper founders
William Watt ( 1886 – 25 October 1957 ) was an Irish athlete . They competed in the men 's long jump at the 1908 Summer Olympics , representing Great Britain .
References
1886 births
1957 deaths
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1908 Summer Olympics
British male long jumpers
Irish male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Place of birth missing
The Gulf flounder ( Paralichthys albigutta ) is a species of saltwater flounder .
Description
The Gulf flounder is a flatfish that swims on its side . Their two eyes look upward when swimming . They have sharp teeth , two eyes on one side , and have a white side . Paralichthys albigutta is widely distributed in the western North Atlantic . Adults are found in a variety of habitats , but generally prefer hard , sandy bottoms ; juveniles settle in high salinity seagrass beds . Longevity is 7–10 years and females reach maturity between 1–2 years . It is commercially and recreationally exploited . The center of abundance of Paralichthys albigutta in the Gulf of Mexico is along the northeastern coast of Florida . West of the Mississippi River delta , it occurs in very low numbers . It appears to naturally occur in low abundance in seagrass beds . It is common in museum collections ( 660 lots ) . Many species of fishes , including P. albigutta , have experienced declines in abundance in the Northern Gulf of Mexico from 1970-2000 ; although Fodrie et al . ( 2010 ) , ( This needs to be challenged , as in coastal Western Louisiana , the flounder have not been as plentiful in 50 years , as of 2018 ) , attributed this at least in part to the effects of global rises in sea temperature , there are also a number of other factors ( e.g. , bycatch in trawl fisheries , increased recreational landings : T. Munroe pers . comm . 2015 ) that may contribute to these declines . Gill netting has been implicated in the decline of flounder stocks in North Carolina due to targeting of non-reproductive juveniles ; however , the population-level effects of this method of harvest on P. albigutta are unknown
Habitat
This demersal species occurs in shallow depths within estuaries and coastal environments ; it is most commonly found on the continental shelf at depths of 18–92 m , but has been collected to about 130 m. It is found in a variety of habitats , including seagrass beds , coastal lagoons , flat hard-bottom and limestone ledges . It prefers hard , sandy bottoms . Juveniles utilize vegetation for habitat or are found adjacent to vegetation in estuaries . Juveniles inhabit high salinity seagrass beds and older adults occur offshore in deeper depths . It undergoes ontogenetic shifts in dietary preference , feeding on amphipods and small crustaceans at small sizes , and feeding primarily on fishes as adults . Adults spend most of the year in bays and estuaries , migrating into deeper offshore waters to spawn during fall and winter ( peaking between late October-mid-December ) . Specimens with ripe gonads have been collected at depths of 20–40 m in the eastern Gulf of Mexico . Larvae migrate inshore during January–February . The age at maturity for females is 1 year ( FWRI 2010 ) with all mature by 2 years and size at 50 % maturity is 35–38 cm TL . Males reach maturity between 30–35 cm TL . Females grow faster and larger than males . Longevity for males is 8–11 years and females is 7 years ( Munroe 2002 ) .
Fishing
They are a common sport fish that can be readily caught with dead fish ( such as mullet ) , live bait , or even artificial or frozen baits such as shrimp or clams . A common way of catching this flounder is by spearfishing or jigging . Commercial fishermen are permitted to take up to 50 lbs of flounder species as by-catch per trip . The Gulf States Marine Fisheries Commission is currently conducting stock assessments for gulf and southern flounder populations in the Gulf of Mexico , which will inform the development of a fishery management plan . This species is commercially and recreationally exploited as a foodfish . It is caught using trawl , gill net , gig , hook-and-line , and trammel net . As with P. lethostigma , this species is harvested using gill nets in estuaries .
Depth
Gulf flounder appear to prefer the ocean floor and camouflage against areas to stealthily strike their prey . This demersal species occurs in shallow depths within estuaries and coastal environments ; it is most commonly found on the continental shelf at depths of 18–92 m , but has been collected to about 130 m .
Threats
This is a commercially and recreationally important species , particularly in Florida . It is also taken as by-catch in commercial trawl fisheries , particularly the penaeid shrimp fishery . Seagrass beds have experienced historical declines off Florida , especially in Florida Bay . The large seagrass die-off in Florida Bay between 1987-1995 was likely caused by salinity stress , turbidity , and algal blooms . Over that decade , the standing crop of Thalassia testudinum declined by 28 % , Halodule wrightii by 92 % , and Syringodium filiforme by 88 % . Since then , the decline has slowed , but die-off continues to occur . Between 1995-2003 , turtle and shoal grass abundance increased with improved water clarity and has remained generally stable . Tampa Bay and Sarasota Bay also experienced significant seagrass declines in the 1980s , but has since recovered following the improvement of waste water management . It has been recorded in the diet of the invasive Lionfish , which occurs throughout the entire depth range of P. albigutta .
References
External links
Gulf flounder
Fauna of the Southeastern United States
Fish of the Gulf of Mexico
Gulf flounder
Bronco is a former settlement in Nevada County , California , from Truckee by the Southern Pacific Railroad . Its elevation is above sea level .
History
The Bronco post office was open during the period of 1872 until 1891 .
In 1933 , an alternate spelling , Broncho , was rejected by the United States Board on Geographic Names .
References
Former settlements in Nevada County , California
Former populated places in California
Prestwich is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury , Greater Manchester , England , and includes the village of Simister and the surrounding countryside . It is unparished , and contains 48 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England . Of these , one is listed at Grade I , the highest of the three grades , one is at Grade II * , the middle grade , and the others are at Grade II , the lowest grade . The town is largely residential , and its most important building is St Mary 's Church . The church and numerous associated structures , particularly tombs and monuments in the churchyard , are listed . The other listed buildings include houses and associated structures , other churches , a public house , structures associated with the Thirlmere to Manchester water supply , a boundary stone , and two war memorials .
Key
Buildings
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Greater Manchester
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury
Listed
Carole Rouillard ( born March 15 , 1960 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a retired long-distance runner from Canada , who represented their country twice in the women 's 10,000 metres at the Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 ( Seoul , South Korea ) . They won the gold medal in the women 's marathon at the 1994 Commonwealth Games .
Achievements
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Canadian female long-distance runners
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1986 Commonwealth Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
World Athletics Championships athletes for Canada
Athletes from Montreal
French Quebecers
The white-whiskered spinetail ( Synallaxis candei ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae . It is found in Colombia and Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland .
The bird is named after Admiral Antoine Marie Ferdinand de Maussion de Candé , an explorer of South America .
Description
The white-whiskered spinetail has a grayish-brown crown with sides of head black as well as a `` whisker '' stripe on both sides of face ; and a mostly-brown head . Cinnamon rufous sides and breast and a white underbelly .
Behavior
Similar to the ruddy spinetail , The species actively `` hops '' and forages on the ground . It nests in tree cavities at ground level . They will often cock and lower their tail at times . ( much like wrens )
References
white-whiskered spinetail
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
white-whiskered spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
DXDZ ( 92.9 FM ) , on-air as The Edge 92.9 , is a radio station owned by Rizal Memorial Colleges Broadcasting Corporation and operated by Alemania Group of Companies . The station 's studio is located at the top of Plaza Alemania Hotel , Quezon Ave . Ext. , Iligan City .
It used to be the city 's only Top 40 station until its reformat in mid-2012 .
References
Radio stations in Iligan
Radio stations established in 2009
Lambeth North was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1919 and 1949 . The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name .
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Lambeth
No Closer to Heaven is the fifth studio album by American rock band The Wonder Years . Struggling with writer 's block , vocalist Daniel Campbell spoke with several friends who were in bands for inspiration . No Closer to Heaven is a concept album , detailing the loss of a loved one . The album was recorded between March and April 2015 . It was produced by Steve Evetts at The Omen Room . `` Cardinals '' was released as a single in June , followed by `` Cigarettes & Saints '' a month later . `` I Do n't Like Who I Was Then '' was made available for streaming in August . `` Thanks for the Ride '' was made available for streaming in early September . No Closer to Heaven was released through Hopeless on September 4 . The Target edition featured two additional tracks .
Background
Between 2010 and 2013 The Wonder Years released a trilogy of albums ( The Upsides [ 2010 ] , Suburbia I 've Given You All and Now I 'm Nothing [ 2011 ] and
The Greatest Generation [ 2013 ] ) that dealt with vocalist Daniel Campbell 's struggles of being scared , loneliness and feeling lost . These albums helped increase the band 's popularity , `` cementing themselves as [ pop punk ] 's leading force '' , according to Alternative Press reviewer Evan Lucy . In spring 2014 the band went on The Greatest Generation World Tour . In May , Campbell announced a solo project , Aaron West and the Roaring Twenties . With this project , Campbell pushed themselves `` to make a piece of fiction feel just as raw and personal as songs about my life '' . An album , We Do n't Have Each Other , was released in July . Campbell performed on a few dates of the 2014 edition of Warped Tour . In February 2015 , the group played three celebratory shows where they played the trilogy of albums in their entirety .
Composition
On September 2 , 2014 , Campbell posted a photo with caption `` Since our last practice spot was condemned by the board of health , we 'll be writing our next record in this new luxurious practice space '' . On November 13 , the band began writing material for their next album . Campbell later revealed that they suffered chronic writer 's block while coming up with new ideas . They would frequently sit in their girlfriend 's apartment , walk to a coffee shop , and sit by a riverside – all of which failing to inspire him . Campbell frequently hit their notebook in frustration . By January 2015 Campbell started feeling depressed , then started panicking , which turned to rage . Instead of giving up , Campbell started talking to the lyricists from both Fireworks and Hostage Calm , Ace Enders of The Early November , and Jason Aalon Butler of letlive . These conversations helped Campbell rebuild their confidence .
About the album 's title , Campbell explained : `` I was at this turning point with the [ new ] record where I was like , “ I do n't want to write about the suburban American experience anymore [ ... ] ” I was thinking about other things in life [ ... ] It started to feel like I was in a footrace with an expanding universe , and I was never going to get to the finish line . '' No Closer to Heaven is a concept album , detailing the loss of a loved one . Asked how this album is different compared to their previous output , Campbell replied : `` We want to make something new . We just tried to push out in every direction . It 's a little bit softer , it 's a little bit louder , it 's a little bit faster , it 's a little bit slower . It moves out every way . '' All the songs were written by The Wonder Years at The Nightmare Factory . Campbell wrote all the lyrics in , according to the album booklet , `` his bedroom and various coffee shops or parks . '' Jason Aalon Butler provided additional lyrics for `` Stained Glass Ceilings '' while in the break room at the studio . In `` Cardinals '' , Campbell expresses grief about themselves `` being too self-involved to see when someone you love needs your help . '' `` Thanks for the Ride '' was written about Campbell 's deceased friend who they ponder what their life would be like if they had lived . Campbell explained that they attempted to write a verse `` if [ a person ] had come out of the coma [ scenario ] '' .
Recording
On March 13 , 2015 the band entered pre-production for a new album . On April 19 , the band announced they had finished recording . The album was produced and engineered by Steve Evetts at The Omen Room . Additional engineering was performed by Allan Hessler . Jason Aalon Butler of letlive . provides additional vocals on `` Stained Glass Ceilings '' . Campbell claimed Butler 's `` voice was absolutely perfect for it . '' Additional group vocals were provided by Allison Weiss , Charlie Saxton , Brett Jones , Joanna Katcher , Natalie Schaffer and Dave Summers . Evetts played a Rhodes piano on `` No Closer to Heaven '' . Mixing was performed by Phil Nicolo at Studio 4 , while Alan Douches mastered the album at West West Side Music .
Release
On June 29 , 2015 The Wonder Years announced No Closer to Heaven , and the track listing and cover art was revealed . The artwork was illustrated by Michael Cortada . When people pre-ordered the album they prompted to select one of four charities that the band would then donate to . A day later , `` Cardinals '' was made available for streaming and a music video was released . The video was directed by Kevin Slack . The video features Campbell carrying an unconscious friend down a street . The song was also released as a single . When Campbell gets to the middle of the road , an ambulance is seen situated in front of him . As Campbell moves closer to it , the ambulance pulls away . The rest of the band members have cameos in the video . The band played on the 2015 edition of Warped Tour . On July 31 , the band released a music video for `` Cigarettes & Saints '' , which was directed by Jeremi Mattern of Driver Friendly . The video features a teenage girl apparently writing a suicide note . The girl proceeds to pick up their bag and venture into a forest . They put giant stones in their bag and proceeds to walk up a hill . At first , they contemplate jumping in a river , before throwing the bag and then jumping after it . On the same day , the song was released as a single . On August 20 , `` I Do n't Like Who I Was Then '' was made available for streaming via Alternative Press .
To help promote the release , the band performed a series of in-store acoustic shows between late August and early September . On September 3 , `` Thanks for the Ride '' was made available for streaming via Spin . The following day , No Closer to Heaven was released through Hopeless Records . The Target edition includes a new song , `` Slow Dancing with San Andreas '' and an alternative version of `` Palm Reader '' . The band went on a headlining fall tour in October and November with support from Motion City Soundtrack , State Champs , and You Blew It ! . To promote the tour , a 7 '' vinyl was released . It featured Campbell and Justin Pierre of Motion City Soundtrack having traded instrumental tracks of songs from each bands ' latest albums and wrote their own lyrics over them . The band supported Enter Shikari on their tour of the UK in February 2016 . On March 2 , a music video was released for `` Stained Glass Ceilings '' . It was directed by Mattern and shot in the group 's hometown , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . In March and April , the group went on a headlining US tour with support from letlive. , Tiny Moving Parts and Microwave . In October and November , the group went on a headlining US tour with support from Real Friends , Knuckle Puck , Seaway and Moose Blood .
Reception
No Closer to Heaven has received universal acclaim from music critics . At Metacritic , which assigns a `` weighted average '' rating out of 100 from selected independent ratings and reviews from mainstream critics , the album received a Metascore of 91/100 , based on 6 reviews , indicating `` universal acclaim . '' Prior to the album 's release , Fuse.tv included the album as one of their `` 35 Most Anticipated Fall 2015 Albums '' . The album was included at number 11 on Rock Sounds top 50 releases of 2015 list . The album was ranked at number 8 on AbsolutePunk 's top albums of 2015 list . `` Cardinals '' was included on Alternative Presss `` 10 Songs You Need To Hear From June 2015 '' list . The video for `` Cardinals '' was included on Alternative Presss `` The Best Music Videos of 2015 so far '' list . `` Cardinals '' was nominated for Best Music Video at the 2016 Alternative Press Music Awards .
No Closer to Heaven sold 22,144 copies in the first week , making it the largest first-week sales of their career . It charted at number 12 in the U.S. , number 46 in the UK and number 59 in Australia .
Track listing
All songs written by The Wonder Years , all lyrics written by Daniel Campbell .
Personnel
Personnel per booklet .
The Wonder Years
Matthew Brasch – rhythm guitar , vocals
Daniel Campbell – lead vocals
Casey Cavaliere – lead guitar , vocals
Michael Kennedy – drums , percussion
Joshua Martin – bass , vocals
Nicholas Steinborn – guitar , keyboards , vocals
Additional musicians
Jason Aalon Butler of letlive . – additional vocals on `` Stained Glass Ceilings ''
Allison Weiss , Charlie Saxton , Brett Jones , Joanna Katcher , Natalie Schaffer , Dave Summers – additional group vocals
Steve Evetts – Rhodes on `` No Closer to Heaven ''
Production
Steve Evetts – producer , engineer
Allan Hessler – additional engineering
Phil Nicolo – mixing
Alan Douches – mastering
Michael Cortada – illustration
Megan Thompson – photograph
Werewolf Girlfriend – layout
Chart performance
References
Citations
Sources
External links
No Closer to Heaven at YouTube ( streamed copy where licensed )
2015 albums
The Wonder Years ( band ) albums
Hopeless Records albums
Albums produced by Steve Evetts
Ovčar Banja ( ) is a village and a spa located in the city of Čačak , Serbia . Located near the Ovčar-Kablar Gorge in the valley of the West Morava , it is known as the `` Serbian Mount Athos '' because of the numerous monasteries situated in this area . As of 2011 census , it has a population of 122 inhabitants .
The monasteries of Vavedenje , Nikolje , Jovanje , Preobraženje , Sretenje , Svete Trojice , Blagoveštenje , Uspenije , Vaznesenje and Ilinje have existed in this gorge for centuries . The church of St. Sava and the cave church Kađenica are also situated in this region .
Geography
The hydrogeological researches were insufficient , though they were conducted in two periods , 1978–83 and 1989–92 . It was concluded that the spa area represents a complex , discontinuous water-bearing terrain . The terrain itself is the tectonically damaged and karstified limestone from the Middle Triassic . The land was drilled up to , where the hot water of was discovered . There is also an unusual hot spring in the bed of the West Morava itself which noticeably warms the river 's waters in the spring area . First expert medical opinion on the healing properties of the hot mineral springs in the area and the chemical composition of the thermal waters dates from 1856 . That year , dr Emmerich P. Lindenmayer , chief of the Serbian Army Medical Corps , handed over a report on the spa to the government .
History
Medieval
In the medieval Serbia , Ovčar Banja was the largest and the best-known spa . Later , Ottoman traveler Evliya Çelebi visited the spa in 1664 and wrote : In the vicinity of this settlement in the mountains rich with trees , there are baths . Even during the times of the Christian kings , on this healing waters magnificent high domes were built , a large pool , numerous coolers , large living rooms and dressing rooms . Yearly , in the watermelon season , 40,000 to 50,000 souls gather , the fairs are being held and the trade is blooming . As the water of these spas is very hot , cold water is being added to it .
The area is known for the myths on golden treasure hidden in the caves , originating from the medieval period . There is also the story of the secret entrance into the Turčinovac cave , which was sealed by the Ottomans who walled in , and killed , an entire group of exiled Serbs .
Modern
A hydroelectric plant `` Ovčar Banja '' was built on West Morava in 1954 , and the dam prevented former frequent flooding of the village which is located in the bend of the river .
Administratively , Ovčar Banja was formed as a separate settlement in 1955 , after being detached from the village of Vrnčani .
New treasure hunting fever began in 1963 when one of the locals , searching for the `` buried treasure '' under the Kablar mountain , discovered entry into the underground pits and caves at the Ridovi locality . News on their endeavor spread through the surrounding villages , which soon developed into the ghostly stories of human and animal bones and remains , and of mysterious forces which extinguished fires of the candles and lamps , preventing further advance of the explorers . A group of children discovered the bag full of gold , which turned out to be 17 brass applications for old clothes .
Ancient myths mixed with the recent history , and stories of hidden gold buried by the Četniks at the end of World War II . In 1965 , the state intelligence agency UDBA , began its own action on treasure hunt , under the code name `` Morava '' . According to the local UDBA member Pantelija Vasović ( 1926–2016 ) , they arrested famous spy Duško Popov , who was digging for gold in Ovčar Banja , pretending to be the tourist . They were looking for Četniks 's gold upon the instruction of British colonel Bill Hudson . The UDBA continued to search for gold , bringing former Četnik member from Blace to give them the location , but they were found hanged in their hotel room in Ovčar Banja . After the 1966 fall of UDBA 's chief , Aleksandar Ranković , the `` Morava '' action was used as one of the accusations against him , connecting them to `` Četniks ' gold '' , `` murder of peasant from Blace '' and collaboration with the British intelligence , though historians believe that Ranković 's goal was to find the missing central archive of Četniks ' leader Draža Mihailović .
On 29 December 2011 , the Government of Serbia declared Ovčar Banja as the 28th official spa in Serbia . Designated area covers on the territories of the City of Čačak and the Municipality of Lučani .
In 2006 , a railroad bridge was built across the West Morava , with three pairs of supporting pillars being placed in the river , opposite to the water flow . Additionally , in times the river bed got filled with silt and rocks and the water level grew by , so the village was flooded in March 2016 , first time after the dam was completed . The works on the river were conducted in 2016–17 . The waterway was dredged , of material was taken out and the water level was returned to the 1954 height . In the process , the river course was slightly straightened and an island was carved between the natural course of the river and a canal dug for the plant , with Ovčar Banja being situated on the new , artificially created isle . The material dredged out from the river was used to further solidify the embankments and mass wasting slopes , dug by the river , around the village . Intervention would also rise the working effects coefficient of the hydro plant 's aggregates .
Demographics
According to the 2011 census results , the village of Ovčar Banja has a population of 122 inhabitants .
Characteristics
The spring produces per minute of hot thermal mineral water , heated from . It is beneficial for the rheumatic diseases , spondylosis , arthrosis and bone fractures . The spa bath , which was renovated in 2011 , consists of two pools and the hot water is transported to the bath by pipes over the outflow canal of the `` Ovčar Banja '' hydroelectric power plant .
See also
List of spa towns in Serbia
References
External links
Populated places in Moravica District
The 2021 Metro Radio Music Awards ( ) was held at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre on 27 December 2021 . It recognized the best Cantopop recordings , compositions , and artistes of the eligibility year .
Winners
References
2021 in Hong Kong
2021 music awards
Joan Ann ( `` Joanie '' ) Kleypas is a marine scientist known for their work on the impact of ocean acidification and climate change on coral reefs , and for advancing solutions to environmental problems caused by climate change .
Education and career
Kleypas has a B.S . in Marine Biology from Lamar University ( 1979 ) , an M.S . in Marine Science from the University of South Carolina ( 1981 ) , and a Ph.D. from James Cook University ( 1991 ) . Kleypas is currently a Senior Scientist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research .
In their work on ocean acidification , Kleypas has led national meetings on the topic , worked with groups on publications from the National Academy of Sciences on ocean acidification , and contributed to sections of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report . Kleypas has briefed members of the House of Representatives on the impact of ocean acidification on marine life , and has testified before multiple United States ' government committees including the House Subcommittee on Fisheries , Wildlife , and Oceans ( 2007 ) , the House of Representatives Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming ( 2008 ) , and the House of Representatives Committee on Science and Technology , Subcommittee on Energy and Environment ( 2008 ) . In addition to their research on ocean acidification and coral reefs , Kleypas actively presents actions that are needed to save coral reefs and the conditions that would improve the ability of coral reefs to survive . These actions led Mother Jones to highlight them in 2012 as one of the women defending ecosystems on the planet .
Kleypas uses multiple venues to engage the general public including serving as a scientific advisor for the Netflix movie , Chasing Coral , and founding a coral reef restoration project in Costa Rica Kleypas is one of the scientists highlighted in Nancy Baron 's book , Escape from the Ivory Tower , which describes how scientists can share their research with the general public .
Research
Kleypas ' early research used sea surface temperature measured with satellites to define water circulation patterns in the Great Barrier Reef . They used modeling to estimate the extent of the reef habitat since the Last Glacial Maximum and under future climate scenarios . This research includes defining the environmental limits on where coral reefs can exist which has implications for the response of coral reefs to future climate change . Kleypas also examines how the physiology of some reef organisms will limit their ability to expand their geographic range .
In 1999 , Kleypas published a paper in Science ( `` Geochemical consequences of increased atmospheric carbon dioxide on reefs '' ) which was the first to indicate that increases in carbon dioxide in the ocean will reduce the ability of coral reefs to build new carbonate skeletons . This research was a key component in discussions on how the ocean , especially coral reefs , will respond to future climate change .
In 2008 , Kleypas 's research revealed that the western Pacific warm pool is warming less than other parts of the global ocean and corals there are experiencing fewer bleaching events , research that was covered in the press because it was a piece of potential good news with respect to the state of coral reefs in the Pacific .
Selected publications
Awards
Kavli Frontiers of Science ( 2007 )
Aldo Leopold Leadership Fellow ( 2008 )
Rachel Carson Lecture , American Geophysical Union ( 2009 )
Heinz Award for the Environment ( 2011 )
Fellow , American Association for the Advancement of Science ( 2019 )
Eminence in Research award from the International Coral Reef Society ( 2020 )
Reference section
External links
National Center for Atmospheric Research faculty
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
James Cook University alumni
University of South Carolina alumni
Lamar University alumni
1957 births
Living people
Enrico Barbaranelli ( born 24 May 1968 ) is an Italian lightweight rower . They won a gold medal at the 1988 World Rowing Championships in Milan with the lightweight men 's eight .
References
1968 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Michael Melville Wood ( born 1947 ) is Chairman of Redwood Investments LLC , a Washington , D.C. investment company concentrating in media , real estate , and alternative energy . They are from Flint , Michigan . From 2006 to 2009 they were the United States Ambassador to Sweden .
Early life and education
Wood was born in 1947 . Wood attended Phillips Academy , and received their bachelor 's degree at Yale University . At Yale they were a Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity brother of George W. Bush .
Career
Wood is the co-founder and former CEO of Hanley Wood , LLC . They stepped down as CEO after the company was sold to JPMorgan Partners , however they kept a seat on the Hanley Wood board .
On June 16 , 2005 , Wood was the recipient of the Top Executive of the Year Award from Media Business magazine .
Wood was co-founder and CEO of Hanley Wood LLC , the leading media company in the housing and construction industry and one of the ten largest business-to-business media companies in the U.S. Wood and private equity partner Veronis Suhler Stevenson sold Hanley Wood to JPMorgan Partners on August 1 , 2005 .
Wood was sworn in as the United States ambassador to Sweden on June 5 , 2006 . Shortly after being sworn , they announced that their top priority was cooperation between the U.S. and Sweden in alternative energy technology . During their three years in Sweden they traveled to all 21 län ( counties ) looking for alternative energy companies that could benefit from cooperation with American venture capital and research institutions . The Ambassador 's list of the best of these Swedish companies contains 52 firms and the embassy estimates the resulting volume of activity between Swedish firms and US interests is $ 150–200MM . The most important results were in biofuels , automotive engine technology , and alternative jet fuel . They resigned on January 20 , 2009 , when President George W. Bush left office . They returned to private life and their work with Redwood Investments .
In recognition for this work , on May 4 , 2009 , Their Majesty The King of Sweden made Wood a Commander Grand Cross of the Royal Order of the Polar Star , an order of merit given by the Cabinet of Sweden to foreign citizens and stateless individuals who have made significant contributions to Sweden .
On February 6 , 2009 , in a ceremony at the House of Sweden in Washington , Wood was presented the William Wachtmeister Award for advancing Swedish-American relations . And on October 22 , 2008 , Swedish Deputy Prime Minister Maud Olofsson presented Wood the ESBRI Award for the person who has done the most for entrepreneurship in Sweden .
Personal life
They and their wife , Judy , have two adult children and four grandchildren .
References
External links
Michael Wood , U.S . Ambassador to Sweden
United States Department of State : Biography of Michale M. Wood
Living people
1947 births
Ambassadors of the United States to Sweden
Businesspeople from Michigan
People from Flint , Michigan
Yale University alumni
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American diplomats
The Society of British Musicians was a Society founded in 1834 , dedicated to promoting the composition and performance of British music . It gave concerts of works by leading British composers of the day . The Society was dissolved in 1865 .
Founding and early years
The Society was founded in 1834 with the object of advancing native talent in composition and performance . In the original prospectus of the Society , attention was called to the contrast between the encouragement offered to British painting , sculpture , and other arts at the Royal Academy , and the comparative neglect of English music and English musicians , the overwhelming preponderance of foreign compositions in all musical performances being cited as `` calculated to impress the public with the idea that musical genius is an alien to this country , '' and as tending also `` to repress those energies and to extinguish that emulation in the breast of the youthful aspirant , which alone can lead to pre-eminence . ''
One of the rules adopted was to exclude all foreign music from the programmes of the Society 's concerts and to admit none but natives of Great Britain among its members ; but this was set aside in 1841 , when the Committee reported in favour of `` introducing a limited proportion of music by composers not members of the Society either British or foreign , '' and the suggestion was adopted , though not without strong opposition , in which the editor of The Musical World joined ( The Musical World , 14 October 1841 ) .
In its earlier days the Society achieved a complete success , numbering in 1836 as many as 350 members , while its finances were also in a prosperous state . It not only gave concerts of works of established merit , but adopted a system of trial performances at which many new compositions were heard . The programmes included the names of all the leading English composers of the day , who as a rule conducted their own works , among them Cipriani Potter , G. A. Macfarren , W. H. Holmes , W. L. Phillips , Sterndale Bennett , J. Hullah , J. H. Griesbach , T. German Reed , W. M. Rooke , H. Westrop , Joseph Barnett , H. C. Litolff , C. Lucas , T. M. Mudie , James Calkin , and John Goss .
The music included orchestral and chamber compositions , varied by vocal solos and part-music , to which nearly all the above-named composers contributed original works , and the members in turn directed the performances .
Decline
After 1837 the Society began to decline . Even after it was decided to introduce music by foreign composers , in the hope of creating more general interest in the concerts , it failed to restore the Society to prosperity ; after another period of far from successful management , a special appeal for support was made at the close of 1854 . At that date the members included H. C. Banister , Sterndale Bennett , H. Blagrove , J . B. Calkin , C. Coote , J. T. Cooper , W. H. Holmes , C. E. Horsley , H. Lazarus , E. J. Loder , Kate Loder , C. Neate , W. S. Rockstro , C. Severn , C. Steggall , C. E. Stephens , J. W. Thirlwall , H. J . Trust , J. Weslake , H. Westrop , J. Zerbini , and Sir George Smart .
This effort was ridiculed in The Musical World of 16 December 1854 , on the ground that the Society had no true claim to its title , as many composers and artists of note held aloof from it . The special appeal served however to draw some new friends to the ranks ; as a means of fulfilling its objectives , prizes were offered for chamber compositions , which were gained in 1861 by Ebenezer Prout and Edward Perry for string quintets ; in 1863 by J. Lea Summers and W. Gibbons , also for string quintets ; and in 1864 by Ebenezer Prout and J. Lea Summers , for quartets for piano and strings . The umpires on these occasions included Joseph Joachim , Bernhard Molique , Carlo Alfredo Piatti , Cipriani Potter , G. A. Macfarren , A. Mellon , T. M. Mudie and H. Leslie ; the prize works were publicly performed by Agnes Zimmermann , Joseph Joachim , A. Mellon , H. Webb , J. T. Carrodus , W. Watson , J. T. Willy , W. T. Aylward , and Carlo Piatti .
In 1865 the Society was dissolved , its library was sold by Messrs. Puttick & Simpson , and C. E. Stephens was appointed custodian of the minute-books and other documents .
Society 's officers and locations
The secretaries of the Society were : J. R. Tutton ( its founder ) 1834–5 ; G. J. Baker , 1835 until their death in 1851 ; J. Rackham , 1851–54 ; W. W. Grice 1854–55 . The Honorary Treasurers were the three brothers , Jacob Erat from 1834 until their death in 1837 ; James Erat from 1837 until their death in 1858 ; and William Erat ( pro tem . ) 1858 ; and Cipriani Potter , 1858–65 .
The Society and its library were housed free of charge at 23 Berners Street by the Erat brothers from 1834 until 1858 , when they gave up the premises ; 1858–59 in Wornum 's Music Hall , Store Street ; 1860 in St Martin 's Hall until its destruction by fire on 26 August 1860 ( when the Society 's property was saved ) ; 1860–62 at 44 Charlotte Street , Fitzroy Square , by permission of Mr H. Webb ; and 1862–65 at Messrs. Collard 's , Grosvenor Street , free of all expense .
Performance venues
For the first five years the concerts were given at the Hanover Square Rooms , and the trials of orchestral and chamber works were subsequently held at those rooms or at the above-named buildings .
On 20 July 1843 , the Society gave a complimentary concert to Louis Spohr at Erat 's , and on 15 June 1844 , at the same place , gave a complimentary concert to Felix Mendelssohn .
References
Attribution
Arts organizations established in the 1830s
1834 establishments in the United Kingdom
British music history
Amy Pleasant ( born 1972 ) is an American painter living and working in Birmingham , AL .
Biography
Pleasant received a BFA from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago and an MFA from the Tyler School of Art at Temple University . Pleasant is best known for their figurative , free associative paintings and drawings that explore simple , daily acts in slowly unfolding narratives . In an article from Art in America , Max Henry wrote that their work “ chronicles everyday life…full of existential angst and loneliness , their paintings are able to evoke an empathetic response from the viewer. ” David Moos wrote of Pleasant 's work that through “ fragments of overlapping narratives ” the viewer is allowed to “ glimpse the formation of images ” and is “ made aware of how the painter makes decisions in paint , amending a passage and visibly editing the composite image. ” Martha Schwendener , art critic for The New York Times and critic of photography at the Yale School of Art , reviewed Pleasant 's work in the contemporary art periodical Artforum , stating that Pleasant 's paintings are “ laid out in grids which collectively hint at angst-ridden narratives ” which are stylistically reminiscent of “ early Sue Williams paintings—the vitriolic feminist ones—or comics whose narrative core has disintegrated , leaving behind only the shame , fear , or desire that instigated them in the first place . ”
Exhibitions
Pleasant has held solo exhibitions at Laney Contemporary ( Savannah , GA ) , Institute 193 ( Lexington , KY ) , Geary Contemporary ( New York , NY ) , Indianapolis Contemporary ( Indianapolis , IN ) , the Birmingham Museum of Art , The Atlanta Contemporary Art Center ( Atlanta , GA ) , the Jeff Bailey Gallery , Rhodes College , The Ruby Green Center for Contemporary Art ( Nashville , TN ) , and the University of Alabama , Birmingham .
Pleasant has participated in group exhibitions at venues such as Mindy Solomon Gallery ( Miami , FL ) , Tif Sigfrids ( Athens , GA ) , Adams and Ollman ( Portland , OR ) , The Dodd Galleries at the Lamar Dodd School of Art ( Athens , GA ) , Hemphill Fine Arts ( Washington D.C. ) , University of Arkansas ( Fayetteville , AR ) , the Knoxville Museum of Art ( Knoxville , TN ) , the Weatherspoon Art Museum ( Greensboro , NC ) , Columbus Museum of Art ( Columbus , GA ) , the Wiregrass Museum of Art ( Dothan , AL ) , the National Museum of Women in the Arts ( Washington , DC ) , the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art ( Winston-Salem , NC ) , the Art Museum of the University of Memphis ( Memphis , TN ) , the Mobile Museum of Art ( Mobile , AL ) , the United States Embassy in Prague , Czech Republic , and the Huntsville Museum of Art ( Huntsville , AL ) . Them work was also included in the 2019 Atlanta Biennial at Atlanta Contemporary , co-curated by Daniel Fuller and Phillip March Jones .
Pleasant 's work is also included in the White Columns Artist Registry ( New York , NY ) and the Drawing Center 's Viewing Program ( New York , NY ) .
Them work can be found in the collections of the Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts , the Abroms-Engel Institute for the Visual Arts , the Birmingham Museum of Art , the Knoxville Museum of Art , the Columbus Museum of Art , the Wiregrass Museum of Art , the Progressive Corporation , and the U.S. Consulate General in Dubai , as well as in many private collections .
Pleasant was commissioned by the American ambient/post-rock band Hammock to create the album art for its 2013 release , Oblivion Hymns .
A limited edition screen print , Repose , was featured at the 20th Annual ART PAPERS auction in 2019 . They are represented by the Jeff Bailey Gallery ( New York , NY ) and Whitespace Gallery ( Atlanta , GA ) .
Them first monograph , The Messenger 's Mouth Was Heavy , was co-published in 2019 by Institute 193 and Frank and includes essays by Daniel Fuller and Katie Geha .
Awards
Pleasant has been the recipient of a number of awards in recognition of their art , including both the prestigious Guggenheim Fellowship in 2018 and the 2018 South Arts Southern Prize and State Fellowship for the State of Alabama .
In December 2015 , Pleasant was announced as one of only 25 recipients of the 2015 Joan Mitchell Foundation Painters & Sculptors Grant , which acknowledges painters and sculptors creating work of exceptional quality through unrestricted career support .
Other awards include the Mary Hambidge Distinguished Artist Award ( 2015 ) and Individual Art Fellowships from both the Cultural Alliance of Birmingham ( 2008 ) and the Alabama State Council on the Arts ( 2003 , 2019 ) .
References
Living people
1972 births
American women painters
Artists from Birmingham , Alabama
21st-century American women artists
Artists from Alabama
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
Temple University alumni
The following is a list of the 163 communes of the Alpes-Maritimes department of France .
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities ( as of 2020 ) :
Métropole Nice Côte d'Azur
Communauté d'agglomération Cannes Pays de Lérins
Communauté d'agglomération du Pays de Grasse
Communauté d'agglomération de la Riviera Française
Communauté d'agglomération de Sophia Antipolis
Communauté de communes Alpes d'Azur
Communauté de communes du Pays des Paillons
References
Alpes-Maritimes
The 19th Nova Scotia general election may refer to :
Nova Scotia general election , 1851 , the 19th general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia , for the 19th General Assembly of Nova Scotia
1941 Nova Scotia general election , the 41st overall general election for Nova Scotia , for the ( due to a counting error in 1859 ) 42nd Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia , but considered the 19th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia
Aida of the Trees ( ) is a 2001 Italian animation film written and directed by Guido Manuli and with soundtrack by Ennio Morricone . It is the third movie produced by the studio Lanterna Magica after How the Toys Saved Christmas and Lucky and Zorba , and it is loosely inspired by Giuseppe Verdi 's opera Aida .
Plot
Arborea and Petra are two neighbouring countries perpetually at war with one another .
Only the romantic relationship between Aida , the daughter of the Arborean king , and Radames , the brave son of the high general of Petra , will change the situation .
The couple 's worst enemy is Ramfis , the high priest of the evil god Satam , who would like their clumsy son Kak to marry the princess of Petra ( who 's engaged to Radames ) .
After a series of adventures and fierce battles , Aida and Radames will manage to defeat Ramfis , to end the war between their countries and to live happily ever after .
Cast
/ Filippa Giordano as Aida
Simone D'Andrea/ Peppe Servillo as Radames
Enzo Iacchetti as Kak
Massimo Lopez as Ramfis
as Goa
as Kanak
as Raz
as Satam
as Amonastro
as Amneris ( voice ) / Helena Hellwig as Amneris ( sing )
Ciro Imparato as Diaspron
Michele Di Mauro as Moud
Gino Lana as Uzi
Production
This Italian musical adventure fantasy animated film was produced by Lanterna Magica in Turin , Italy . It uses both traditional animation ( 2D animation ) and computer animation ( 3D animation ) with Adobe After Effects ( compositing and visual effects ) , Adobe Photoshop ( background art ) , Autodesk Maya ( compositing , computer animation and modeling ) , Autodesk Softimage ( computer animation and sculpting ) , Avid Media Composer ( video editing ) , oil-paint and paper ( background art and oil-painting animation ) , Pegs ( compositing , digital ink and paint and traditional animation ) , pencil and paper ( hand-drawn animation and storyboards ) , Softimage 3D ( computer animation and sculpting ) and Toonz Premium ( compositing , digital ink and paint and traditional animation ) .
References
External links
2001 films
2001 animated films
2000s fantasy films
Italian animated fantasy films
Italian animated films
Films scored by Ennio Morricone
Films based on operas
Animated musical films
Animated films based on literature
The House of the Seven Gables ( also known as the Turner House or Turner-Ingersoll Mansion ) is a 1668 colonial mansion in Salem , Massachusetts , named for its gables . It was made famous by Nathaniel Hawthorne 's 1851 novel The House of the Seven Gables . The house is now a non-profit museum , with an admission fee charged for tours , as well as an active settlement house with programs for children . It was built for Captain John Turner by Samuel Wardwell and stayed with the family for three generations .
The house
The earliest section of the House of the Seven Gables was built in 1668 for Capt . John Turner . It remained in their family for three generations , descending from John Turner II to John Turner III . Facing south towards Salem Harbor , it was originally a two-room , -story house with a projecting front porch and a massive central chimney . This portion now forms the middle of the house . Four windows of the original ground-floor room ( which became a dining room ) remain in the house 's side wall .
A few years later , a kitchen lean-to and a new north kitchen ell to the rear of the house were added . By 1676 , Turner had added a spacious south ( front ) extension with its own chimney , containing a parlor on the ground floor , with a large bed chamber above it . Ceilings in this new wing are higher than the very low ceilings in older parts of the house . The new wing featured double casement windows and an overhang with carved pendants ; it was capped with a three-gabled garret .
In the first half of the 18th century , John Turner II remodeled the house in the new Georgian style , adding wood paneling and sash windows . These alterations are preserved , very early examples of Georgian decor . The House of the Seven Gables is one of the oldest surviving timber-framed mansion houses in continental North America , with 17 rooms and over including its large cellars .
After John Turner III lost the family fortune , the house was acquired by the Ingersolls , who remodeled it again . Gables were removed , porches replaced , and Georgian trim added .
Inspiration for Hawthorne
Nathaniel Hawthorne , a relative of the Ingersolls , was infamous for being reclusive during their time living in Salem , in part because Hawthorne themselves exaggerated their reputation . They occasionally played whist , for example , with their sister Louisa , their second cousin Susannah Ingersoll , and Ingersoll 's adopted son Horace Connolly . Hawthorne was occasionally entertained in the house by Susannah but , by Hawthorne 's time , the house had only three gables after a renovation to match more current architectural trends . Their cousin told them the house 's history , and showed them beams and mortises in the attic indicating locations of former gables . Hawthorne was more inspired by the way `` seven gables '' sounded than what the house looked like . As they wrote in a letter , `` The expression was new and struck me forcibly ... I think I shall make something of it . '' The idea inspired Hawthorne 's novel The House of the Seven Gables .
Hawthorne wrote of the house as if it were a living thing . It is described as such in the novel : `` The aspect of the venerable mansion has always affected me like a human countenance ... It was itself like a great human heart , with a life of its own , and full of rich and sombre reminisces . The deep projection of the section story gave the house a meditative look , that you could not pass it without the idea that it had secret to keep . '' In writing the book , Hawthorne compared the process to constructing an actual house . In January 1851 , they wrote to their publisher James T. Fields that the book was nearly finished , `` only I am hammering away a little on the roof , and doing a few odd jobs that were left incomplete . '' They sent the finished manuscript to Fields by the end of the month . The House of the Seven Gables was published in April 1851 .
Horace Ingersoll , Susanna 's adopted son , told Hawthorne a story of Acadian lovers that later inspired Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 's 1847 poem Evangeline .
Museum
In 1908 , the house was purchased by Caroline O. Emmerton , founder of the House of Seven Gables Settlement Association , and they restored it from 1908 to 1910 as a museum whose admission fees would support the association . Boston architect Joseph Everett Chandler supervised the restoration , which among other alterations reconstructed missing gables . In some cases historical authenticity was sacrificed in the interest of appealing to visitors , who expected the house to match the one Hawthorne described in their romantic novel . Thus , for example , Emmerton added a `` cent-shop '' resembling that operated by the author 's fictional character Hepzibah Pyncheon . A representation of `` Maule 's Well '' was added to the garden .
They also added what looks like a wood closet but has a false back . When opened , the back leads to a secret staircase which leads up to the attic .
Many interesting features of the original mansion remain , including unusual forms of wall insulation , original beams and rafters , and extensive Georgian paneling .
The Nathaniel Hawthorne Birthplace is now immediately adjacent to the House of the Seven Gables , and access to it is granted with the regular admission fee . Although it is indeed the house in which Hawthorne was born and lived to the age of four , the house was sited a few blocks away on Union Street when they inhabited it .
In 1994 , the Seamans Visitor Center was opened at the historic site . The visitor center was named in honor of the Seamans family ; Donald C. Seamans was responsible for the building project when they were president of the House of the Seven Gables Settlement Association .
On March 29 , 2007 , the House of the Seven Gables Historic District was designated a National Historic Landmark District .
As of 2022 , The House of the Seven Gables opened to the public in April 1910 and has seen millions of visitors since .
See also
List of historic houses in Massachusetts
List of the oldest buildings in Massachusetts
List of the oldest buildings in the United States
List of National Historic Landmarks in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Salem , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Essex County , Massachusetts
References
Notes
Further reading
Goodwin , Lorinda B. R. `` Salem 's House of Seven Gables as Historic Site . '' In Salem : Place , Myth , and Memory , edited by Dane Anthony Morrison and Nancy Lusignan Schultz . UPNE , 2005 .
External links
House of the Seven Gables , official site
Listing and photographs at the Historic American Buildings Survey
Official audio tour of the House of the Seven Gables by UniGuide at SoundCloud
House of the Seven Gables at Destination Salem
House of the Seven Gables at Atlas Obscura
Houses completed in 1668
Historic house museums in Massachusetts
National Historic Landmarks in Massachusetts
Museums in Salem , Massachusetts
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Houses in Salem , Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Salem , Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
British colonial architecture in the United States
Colonial architecture in Massachusetts
1668 establishments in Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Essex County , Massachusetts
The Raaberbahn or GYSEV is a Hungarian-Austrian railway company based in Sopron , Hungary . The company is a joint enterprise of the states of Hungary ( 65.6 % ) , Austria ( 28.2 % ) and a holding belonging to ÖBB Austrian Federal Railways ( 4.9 % ) . In Hungary it is called ( GYSEV ) , in German it was called ( ROeEE ) until 2008 when it changed to its name to Raaberbahn .
History
The operation of the company was requested in 1872 by Baron Viktor Erlanger . It is sanctioned by law .
The constituent general meeting of the company was held on 1 February 1875 in Budapest , which Baron Viktor Erlanger did not attend . On their behalf , their brother Ludwig Erlanger , who was the manager of Erlanger Bank in Vienna , attended this meeting . They opened the founding general meeting by `` transferring the rights granted to them ( and not to Viktor ) by the letter of authorizations to the limited liability company to be formed . '' Therefore , we can state that `` the youngest Erlanger boy , Viktor , has nothing to do with the issue of the license of GYSEV . ''
The first line between the Hungarian cities Győr and Sopron was opened on 2 January 1876 . The section between Sopron and Ebenfurth was opened for traffic on 28 October 1879 . The adjoining Fertővidék Local Railway in Hungary started its operation on 19 December 1897 .
The shareholding structure of the company did not change after the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy . The company currently belongs in 65.6 % to the Hungarian State , 28.2 % in the Austrian State and in 4.9 % to ÖBB . Today 's ownership structure was established in 2009 .
At the end of World War I , a special railway company was an independent railway , independent from MÁV , whose operation and independence in two countries was preserved by the Trianon Peace Treaty .
On 30 June 1942 , the most serious accident in the history of GYSEV occurred on the Fertővidék Local Railway . The BCmot from Celldömölk to Sopron from a 16-lane motor car and two of its sidecars crashed into the open-air mixed train in front of the entrance marker at Vönöck station . The accident occurred due to the lack of braking of the train because the wagons were not connected to the main overhead line in Celldömölk . The tragedy had 80 injured and four dead .
On the morning of 15 November 1973 , a serious accident also occurred , when the Cyclamen Express Train from Sopron via Győr to Budapest departed according to the schedule . At the same time , a freight train with a damaged break system was waiting at Fertőboz train station . The driver of the express train to Budapest was right to believe that the track was free due to a poorly managed , so-called spacing signal . Then , right before Fertőboz , they noticed the freight train on their track , however it was too late , and the collision could not be avoided . Twenty-three were injured in the accident , six of them severely .
On 26 May 1979 , the Fertőszentmiklós-Celldömölk line was terminated on the Fertővidék Local Railway . Of the fifty kilometers of today 's local railway , 13 kilometers are in Hungary and the rest in Austria .
The electrification of the Győr-Sopron railway was completed in 1987 , and on 15 May 1987 , seven locomotives V43 320-326 arrived in exchange for the prior M41 diesel locomotives .
Today , GYSEV operates six major railway lines in two countries and , with its European Economic Area license , carries rail passengers in both countries , and rail freight across Europe . An ancillary line of one of the former joining lines , the Fertővidék Local Railway ( Fhév ) was established in 1880 as a local railway according to the rules of the 1880s , but it is operated by GYSEV .
The extension of the railway lines began with the takeover of the Sopron-Szombathely railway line from MÁV in 2001 . The electrification of the degraded track and the speeding up of investments started in 2002 . The area of the railway company was further extended in December 2006 by the Szombathely-Szentgotthárd railway line , which was renovated and electrified from September 2009 until 2011 .
Based on the decision of the Ministry of National Development , GYSEV took over the operation of the public passenger transport from 1 October 2011 , and from 11 December 2011 to Rajka-Hegyeshalom-Csorna-Répcelak-Porpác , Porpác-Szombathely , Szombathely-Kőszeg , Szombathely-Zalaszentiván , as well as the currently defunct Körmend-Zalalövő railway line , thus extending its operating area by another 214 km railway line and Szombathely railway station . Due to the significant expansion of the network , Szombathely railway station became the largest railway station of GYSEV , ahead of Sopron station .
On 6 December 2013 , the Stadler FLIRT motor trains on the Sopron-Szombathely-Szentgotthárd railway line were put into service and were operational from 15 December .
In 2014 , the railway company contracted 5 Siemens Desiro ML motor trains worth €32 million , which from 4 September 2016 on the Vienna-Sopron-Sopronkeresztúr ( Deutschkreutz ) , Vienna-Pomogy ( Pamhagen ) section and from December on the Wulkaprodersdorf -Nezsider ( Neusiedl ) were set into service .
In August 2016 , it was announced that GYSEV will buy another 10 FLIRT 3 motor trains for 21.5 billion HUF . The first vehicle has been delivered by the manufacturer in March 2018 and the tenth one by January 2019 .
On 14 March 2017 , it was announced that the company will purchase 5 dual-powered Vectron AC two-diesel engines and three three-power Vectron MS locomotives and four optional option locomotives for $ 12.5 billion . The first two vehicles were shipped by the manufacturer in May 2017 , followed by the third one in July .
On the 10 of December 2017 , rail passenger traffic at the border between Rajka in Hungary and Oroszvár ( Rusovce ) in Slovakia resumed . The trains are operated by GYSEV between Hegyeshalom - Rajka - Rusovce ( Oroszvár ) - Bratislava ( Pozsony ) .
Lines
The company maintains the following railway lines :
Line 1 Hegyeshalom–Rajka
Line 8 Győr/Raab–Sopron/Ödenburg–Ebenfurth ( Lower Austria ) , the main line of the company
Line 9 Neusiedl am See ( Burgenland ) –Fertőszentmiklós ( Hungary ) ,
Line 15 Sopron/Ödenburg–Szombathely/Steinamanger ( parallel to the Austrian border , in Hungary only ; operated by MÁV , the Hungarian State Railway , until 2002 )
Line 16 Porpác–Csorna–Hegyeshalom
Line 17 Szombathely–Zalaszentiván
Line 21 Szombathely/Steinamanger–Szentgotthárd/St . Gotthard ( as above ; operated by MÁV until 2006 )
Line 22 Körmend–Zalalövő ( closed , no traffic )
Széchenyi Museum Railway near Nagycenk/Groß-Zinkendorf ( Hungary ) , a narrow-gauge track constructed in 1972
See also
Rail transport in Austria
Rail transport in Hungary
References
External links
Official Website of Raaberbahn/GySEV ( de , hu , en )
Railway companies of Hungary
Railway companies of Austria
Sopron
Hungarian brands
Railway companies established in 1872
1872 establishments in Austria-Hungary
Wataru ( written : 渉 , 渡 , 亘 , 航 , 和 , 亙 , or わたる in hiragana ) is a masculine Japanese name . Notable people with the name include :
, Japanese announcer , television personality , and news anchor
Wataru Asō ( born 1939 ) , governor of Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan
, Japanese footballer
Wataru Fukuda ( born 1964 ) , Japanese actor
, Japanese footballer
Wataru Hatano ( born 1982 ) , Japanese voice actor
Wataru Hokoyama ( born 1974 ) , music composer
, Japanese professional wrestler
, Japanese footballer
Wataru Ishijima ( 1906–1980 ) , paleontologist and geologist
Wataru Ito ( born 1969 ) , Japanese politician
Wataru Kamimura , Japanese shogi player
Wataru Kozuki ( born 1971 ) , actor
Wataru Kubo ( 1929 – 2003 ) , Japanese politician
Wataru Misaka ( 1923–2019 ) , American basketball player
Wataru Miyawaki ( born 1980 ) , vocalist of Japanese rock band 12012
Wataru Murayama , Japanese manga writer
, Japanese footballer
Wataru Sakata ( born 1973 ) , professional wrestler and martial arts fighter
, Japanese footballer
Wataru Takagi ( born 1966 ) , Japanese voice actor
Wataru Takeishi ( born 1982 ) , music video director
Wataru Takeshita ( born 1946 ) , Japanese politician
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese boxer
Wataru Yamazaki ( born 1980 ) , Japanese footballer
, Japanese shogi player
, Japanese hurdler
Wataru Yoshikawa ( born 1968 ) , Japanese motorcycle rider
Wataru Yoshizumi ( born 1963 ) , Japanese manga artist
Fictional characters
Wataru Ikusabe , a character from Mashin Hero Wataru
Wataru Kurenai , main character from Kamen Rider Kiva
Wataru Hoshi , the main character from Star Trigon
Wataru Azuma , the main character from Tumbling
Wataru Sanzu , a character from Inazuma Eleven
Wataru Onaga ( 尾長 渉 ) , a character from the manga and anime Haikyu ! ! with the position of middle blocker from Fukurodani Academy
Wataru Kuon , a supporting character from the football manga Blue Lock
Wataru Hibiya , a character from the dating sim video game Tokimeki Memorial Girl 's Side
Japanese masculine given names
Barry Dick is an Australian journalist . They retired in 2015 , after more than 40 years as a sports reporter and editor in Brisbane . Dick was the rugby league editor for The Courier-Mail , and wrote the For Argument 's Sake column during the football season .
Dick was the first full-time Australian football writer for The Courier-Mail in 1973 . During their career there , they were Melbourne bureau chief and held several editor positions . They are currently sports editor of The Courier-Mail 's website .
In 2017 , Dick was inducted in the Suncorp Stadium Wall of Fame in Brisbane .
References
Australian journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Writers from Queensland
Section 32 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms concerns the application and scope of the Charter . Only claims based on the type of law contemplated by this section can be brought before a court .
Section 32 ( 1 ) describes the basis on which all rights can be enforced . Section 32 ( 2 ) was added in order to delay the enforcement of section 15 until government was given time to amend their laws to conform to the section .
Text
Under the heading `` Application of Charter '' the section states :
The purpose of this section is to make it clear that the Charter only applies to governments , and not to private individuals , businesses or other organizations .
Interpretation
The meaning of section 32 ( 1 ) was first examined in RWDSU v. Dolphin Delivery Ltd . The Courts found that the `` authority '' of government consisted of all laws created by the three branches of government ( executive , legislative , and administrative ) , as well as any rules , or regulations created by `` government actors '' . Common law only applied when it was the basis of some government action . Later , in R. v. Rahey ( 1987 ) the Supreme Court held that the Charter equally applies to courts as well .
Government actors
The meaning of `` government actors '' was considered in the case of McKinney v. University of Guelph . The Court , using what is called the `` effective control test '' , examines the role of the government in the institution . A government actor consists of institutions for which the government has statutory authority to exercise substantial control over the day-to-day operations , policy-making , and as well provides substantial funding for the institutions .
The main question to ask is how much control the government has over the institution :
Is there a law that directs how the institution will operate ?
Does the government appoint the majority of the institution 's board of directors ?
Does the institution have any history or guarantees of independent action from government ?
The greater the government control over the operation of the institution , the more likely it is to be a part of the government , although different Supreme Court decisions have required different amounts of control .
In practice this generally excluded organizations such as public universities and hospitals since the Board of Governors usually operated independently of government control . Colleges , however , are government actors because they lack the independence of a Board .
Government policy
In cases where the `` effective control test '' fails there is still the possibility of the Charter applying where it can be shown that the organization provided services that were in furtherance of a specific government policy or program ( Eldridge v. British Columbia ) . The reason for this expansion was to prevent the government from outsourcing services to private organizations in order to get around the `` control test '' .
For example , in Eldridge v. British Columbia , the Court found that though hospitals are not considered government actors , they are often subject to Charter scrutiny as many government policies are designed to be carried out by the hospitals .
External links
Application of Charter Section 32 - Canadian Heritage Website
Fundamental Freedoms : The Charter of Rights and Freedoms - Charter of Rights website with video , audio and the Charter in over 20 languages
References
Section 32
Jean-Pierre Massiera ( 10 July 1941 – 28 December 2019 ) , sometimes referred to by their initials JPM , was a French musician , composer , record producer , sound engineer , and recording studio owner . Their prolific output between the 1960s and 1990s ranged across pop instrumentals , psychedelic rock and disco music , often incorporating elements of musique concrète , field recordings and samples in an eccentrically experimental and unique style . Their work is usually credited under one-off band names such as Les Maledictus Sound , Horrific Child , and Herman 's Rocket .
They have been called `` the French Joe Meek '' . The Guardians reviewer Ben Thompson called their work `` a fetid miasma of sick humour , sound effects and unexpectedly first-rate musicianship '' , and reviewer William Rauscher described them as `` a freewheeling auteur whose outrageous forays in trashy pop culture mix low-brow sensuality with oddball experimentation '' .
Early life and career
Massiera was born in Nice , France , but grew up in Córdoba and Buenos Aires , Argentina . After learning guitar , they returned to France when in their teens , and formed the instrumental beat group , Les Milords . Massiera played lead guitar ; the other band members were Pierre Malaussena ( rhythm guitar ) , Patrick Batteu ( bass ) , and Francis Cavallaro ( drums ) . After several singles in the style of British and American instrumental groups such as the Shadows and the Ventures , Massiera and Malaussena formed a new band in 1964 , under the name of Les Monégasques , with Fernand `` Nicky '' Cafiero ( bass ) and Jean Haumont ( drums ) . The band also played on recordings by pop singer Gérard Brent.Commentaires sur Les Monégasques , Bide & Musique , 20 November 2012 . Retrieved 8 December 2019
Freakbeat and progressive rock
In 1967 , Massiera set up their own recording studio , Studio d'Enregistrement Méditerranéen ( SEM ) in Nice , with good quality recording equipment , and began recording local musicians including drummer André Ceccarelli and singers Jocy ( later known as Jessy Joyce , real name Joyce Pepino ) and Basile . In 1968 they composed and produced the album Attention , credited to Les Maledictus Sound . As well as Massiera and Ceccarelli , the musicians included guitarist Patrick Djivas , later of the band PFM . One track was contentiously called `` Jim Clark Was Driving Recklessly '' – the racing driver Jim Clark had been killed in a crash a few months previously .
In late 1968 , Massiera sold their studio and moved to Quebec , but returned to France the following year . Massiera continued to work as a producer for pop and freakbeat musicians in the late 1960s and early 1970s , including the single `` Pardon pour Buchenwald '' by Erik , on which they included samples of Nazi speeches . They also added a variety of electronic effects on the 1971 heavy rock album Chico Magnetic Band by Mahmoud `` Chico '' Ayari . In 1972 , with the support of their half-brother Bernard Torelli , they opened a new 16-track studio , Antibes Studio 16 , known as the Azurville studio . The studio was used by John McLaughlin , Bill Wyman , and many others .
In 1974 , they composed and produced the album Visitors , with an extraterrestrial theme . The musicians included vocalist Gérard Brent , violinist Didier Lockwood ( later of Magma ) , and Bernard Torelli on guitar . This was followed in 1976 by Atlantide , with Patrick Attali on lead vocals and Torelli on guitar , sitar and Mellotron . Also in 1976 , Massiera composed and produced one of their most notable albums , L'Etrange Mr. Whinster , credited to the act Horrific Child and marketed as a `` psychological experience '' . The album incorporated African rhythms , samples , spoken excerpts from writers Baudelaire , Lovecraft and Lautréamont , and contributions from Massiera 's regular contributors Torelli , Brent , and Jessy Joyce , among others . They also co-wrote and co-produced Jessy Joyce 's album Love Me , and the single `` Toi qui rève de baisers '' credited to Sex Convention .
The 1977 album Turn Radio On , was co-composed by Massiera and Torelli , and co-produced by Massiera and Georges Colleuil . Massiera also produced folk rock albums by Valéry Btesh , and engineered releases by proto-punk band Little Bob Story . Massiera 's next album , Phantasmes , was credited to JPM & Co. and contains a mixture of styles including chanson , disco , experimental electronic music and prog rock , as well as the track `` Dali court '' , a parody of Boney M 's `` Daddy Cool '' dedicated to Salvador Dalí , and a version of Michel Legrand 's `` Les moulins de mon coeur '' . Also in 1977 , Massiera issued a single under their own name , `` Aime moi '' , a version of Deep Purple 's `` Child in Time '' .
Disco music and later projects
The following year they co-wrote and produced the album Space Woman , credited to the act Herman 's Rocket . The `` cosmic disco '' album was commissioned by record label owner Humbert `` Mémé '' Ibach , and the title track became one of Massiera 's best-known tracks . Massiera 's next album , Galactic Soul ( also known as Synthetic Soul ) followed a similar approach , but this time was credited as being by Venus Gang . Both albums were produced with Torelli as arranger , and both included reworkings of Massiera 's earlier material and that of others . Also in 1978 , Massiera co-wrote and co-produced Jessy Joyce 's disco album J. Joyce & Co. , and co-wrote and produced one of their best-known albums , Human Egg , the name of both the album and the act . The prog rock album featured many of Massiera 's regular contributors including Bernard Torelli , Patrick Attali , Tony Bonfils , Jessy Joyce and André Ceccarelli .
Before the end of the 1970s , Massiera also produced disco albums by Micky & Joyce ( Hold Up ) and Trans Am I Dancing by Friends featuring singer Sparkle Tuhran . They left Antibes in 1979 , and opened the studio Jean Jaurès in Paris for Philips Records . In 1981 they produced the jazz-rock album Debbi by Francis Lockwood , the disco-reggae album La Chica by African Magic Combo , and a second album credited to Visitors , as well as numerous singles for other artists , in some cases as a co-producer with Torelli or others . Through the 1980s Massiera continued to work as a writer and producer , but at a lower level of intensity than before , sometimes using the pseudonyms Areisam or Sierra . With Torelli in 1983 , they wrote and produced the 12-inch single `` Inch Allah '' , credited as Orient Express .
In the mid-1980s they left Paris and established a new studio in Le Bar-sur-Loup . In 1992 , on the occasion of Columbus ' quincentennial , they co-wrote and produced the album Red Power by Indian Nation '' ' . A second album on the same theme , Red Soul , was issued in 1995 .
Reissues
Selections of Massiera 's work have been issued on CD , as Psychoses Freakoïd ( 1963-1978 ) , Psychoses Discoïd ( 1976-1981 ) ( both issued by the Canadian label Mucho Gusto Records , 2007 ) , and Midnight Massiera : The B-Music of Jean-Pierre Massiera '' ( Finders Keepers Records , 2009 ) .
References
External links
1941 births
2019 deaths
French record producers
The Étang de Crovani ( ) is a coastal lagoon beside the Mediterranean Sea on the west coast of the Haute-Corse department on the French island of Corsica .
Location
The Étang de Crovani is on the west coast of Haute-Corse in the commune of Calenzana to the east of the Baie de Crovani .
It is a permanent body of water separated from the sea by a bank of pebbles and gravel .
The lagoon is behind the center of the Crovani beach ( or Argentella beach ) , a beach of small pebbles more than long , which is known for its natural beauty but is rarely visited by tourists .
It is north of the village of L'Argentella and west of the D81b road , which leads to the village of Vignaccia .
The lagoon and surrounding marshes cover .
Altitude ranges from .
The main tributary is the Ruisseau de Marconcellu .
Ecology
The site is owned by the Conservatoire du littoral .
It is classified as a Zone naturelle d'intérêt écologique , faunistique et floristique ( ZNIEFF ) Continentale de type 1 .
The lagoon is surrounded by a belt of tamarix trees and some grasslands dominated by bulrushes and rushes .
The coastal barrier has a dense mosaic of mastic ( Pistacia lentiscus ) trees .
It does not attract many birds due to its small size , but could be used as a stopover by migrating birds or as a wintering place in very cold winters .
The Köppen climate classification is Csb : Warm-summer Mediterranean climate .
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lagoons of Haute-Corse
350pages is a web-based website construction tool which was launched in October 2007 . It was created to enable non-technical users to create and publish web sites without the need for any design , authoring or technical skills .
It is unique in that it has 2 types of customizable templates , auto format and free format . It also differs from other website construction tools in that it includes customizable graphics , and the Premium and Platinum versions incorporate search engine marketing tools such as a search engine optimization report , website checkup audit and expert design guidance as well as a series of backups for offsite storage .
History
350pages was developed by ZyNet Ltd which was formed in the UK in 1994 as one of the first Internet Service Providers in the UK and an early adopter of entirely server-based solutions . ZyNet co-developed ZyWeb , launched in 1997 , which was one of the world 's first web-based website builders .
350pages was created using Web 2.0 technologies which were not available when ZyWeb was developed .
Templates & Objects
350pages provides customizable templates and every object on the web page can be customized with borders , backgrounds , transparencies , orientation and they can be resized in real-time .
Web page objects include customizable graphics such as headings , navigation buttons , logos and dividers , rich text editor , photo editor , framed images , forms and e-commerce functions .
The auto-format automatically formats the web page content regardless of the size of web browser , and the free-format enables the user to drag and drop the page objects to any fixed position on the web page .
The websites created using the 350pages tools are industry standard HTML that is recognised by the search engines . 350pages integrates with social media such as Twitter and Facebook .
As everything on the web page is an object then 350pages enables third party objects to be placed on the page . Often known as Widgets or Gadgets these are tools that add extra functionality to the website .
There are five versions of 350pages - Free , Lite , Standard , Premium and Platinum .
Technical
350pages is a proprietary application , largely built on an open source foundation . The client-side code is written in JavaScript and makes use of Dojo Toolkit and the Trimpath JST template system , providing cross-browser support . The server-side code is written in perl built on the Catalyst framework . The application is delivered by an Apache HTTPweb server and runs on Debian virtual servers in the Flexiscale public cloud . Bitmap image processing is handled by the Image Magick library and the powerful , vector template based , smart graphics are managed using proprietary software provided by Xara . The system builds web pages from page templates which are constructed in standard HTML with mark-up extensions to control the editor and store extended meta-data .
External links
Official Website
HTML editors
Web development software
Azpa is a locality and council located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés , in Navarre province , Spain , Spain . As of 2020 , it has a population of 21 .
Geography
Azpa is located 16km east of Pamplona .
References
Populated places in Navarre
Potpeće may refer to :
Potpeće , Foča , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Potpeće , Pljevlja , Montenegro
Potpeće ( Užice ) , Serbia
Atila Huseyin is a British jazz singer .
Biography
In February 2002 , Huseyin was invited by the British jazz musician Bill Ashton to work with the National Youth Jazz Orchestra . By June 2005 , they had released their first solo CD , called Something Old , Something New , which gained positive reviews . Digby Fairweather stated that it is `` the best I 've heard from a British singer and orchestra since Dame Cleo and Sir John Dankworth 's Shakespeare and All That Jazz '' . Their second album was called `` How Do You Keep the Music Playing '' . In April 2006 , Huseyin toured with the American musician Buddy Greco ; afterwards , Greco stated that `` I was knocked out by Atila . They have the voice and the class to show the world what great music is all about '' . In 2008 , Greco invited Huseyin to tour the United Kingdom , the highlights of this included an appearance with the BBC Big Band at the 30th Edinburgh Jazz and Blues Festival .
Personal life
Huseyin was born into a Turkish Cypriot family in London , United Kingdom .
References
External links
Official website
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Living people
British jazz singers
British male singers
British people of Turkish Cypriot descent
British male jazz musicians
The striped treehunter ( Thripadectes holostictus ) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae with a dusky-brown coloring with prominent buff streaking on the wings , throat , and breast . It is found in humid to wet montane forest that range locally in the Andes from west Venezuela to west Bolivia ( Bolivia , Colombia , Ecuador , Peru , and Venezuela ) most often at elevations of 1500–2500 m. It is most often mistaken for and with the larger flammulated treehunter due to many physical and behavioral similarities .
Taxonomy
The striped treehunter belongs to the order Passeriformes in the family Furnariidae . Passeriformes encompasses more than half of the known avian species which are known as perching birds . The Furnariidae are ovenbirds which are native to Central America and South America which are a diverse group of insectivores known for their `` oven-like '' nests . The genus Thripadectes contains six close relatives of the striped treehunter . There are three subspecies :
Thripadectes holostictus holostictus
Thripadectes holostictus moderatus
Thripadectes holostictus striatidorsus
Description
The average size is 20–21 cm in length . Dorsally , the striped treehunter has prominent streaks with buffing on the wings and a rufescent rump and tail . Ventrally , the striped treehunter is rufous with buff streaking on the throat and breast . The straight beak is black in color . One distinguishing characteristic from woodcreepers is the rounded rectrices tips while woodcreepers have spines at the tips
Voice
The song is a fast-paced , rising and falling tone `` tr ' r ' r ' R ' E ' E ' E ' E ' E ' R ' r ' r ' r ' r '' . The call is a sharp `` kwi-di-dik '' .
Distribution and habitat
The striped treehunter greatly varies in abundance where it ranges from uncommon to fairly common locally and regionally . It is most common in Ecuador ( especially in Pichincha Province ) where it is uncommon in Colombia and Venezuela . Being a shy bird , it is most often noticed through its vocalizations instead of visual observation .
It is commonly found in the undergrowth of montane forest in subtropic and temperate zones of both Andean slopes with abundant mosses , epiphytes , and dense understory . It is most often seen at elevations of 1500–2500 m , but varies by country ( 2,000–2,300 m in Ecuador , 100–2,700 m in Colombia , 1,800–2,000 m in Venezuela ) .
Behavior
The striped treehunter is a furtive species ; it is difficult to observe , often exhibiting similar behavior to that of the flammulated treehunter .
Breeding
The birds often burrow into a steep bank or vegetation-covered roadcut .
Feeding
The birds forage in dense cover 1–2 m above the ground , favoring Chusquea bamboo stands . Largely solitary birds , they are not commonly found in mixed flocks .
References
External links
Various vocalizations
striped treehunter
Birds of the Northern Andes
striped treehunter
striped treehunter
striped treehunter
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Portnaguran ( ) is a settlement situated within Point , on the Isle of Lewis , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland . Portnaguran is the township at the north-easternmost point of the peninsula . It lies southwest of Tiumpan Head and just south of the headland called Geòdha 'ic Sheòrais or sometimes Small Head amongst locals . Portnaguran is situated at the north-eastern end of the A866 , within the parish of Stornoway .
There is a small pier in the harbour , and the surrounding villages are Portvoller , Broker , Aird and Flesherin . The village itself is about from the town of Stornoway .
References
External links
Canmore - Rambler : Port Nan Giuran , Lewis , North Minch site record
Ports and Harbours of the UK - Portnaguran
Villages in the Isle of Lewis
Ugo A. Perego is a population geneticist whose main focuses of study have been the origins of Native Americans and the DNA of Joseph Smith , among others . Perego is also a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints .
They have received a BSc and MSc in health sciences from Brigham Young University ( Provo , Utah ) and a PhD in genetics and biomolecular sciences from the University of Pavia ( Pavia , Italy ) under the mentorship of Antonio Torroni . Perego has lectured extensively internationally , authoring and co-authoring numerous articles on the use of DNA to research ancient population migrations , genealogies , and history , including Mormon history ( Complete list of publications ) .
For twelve years , Perego was a senior researcher at the Sorenson Molecular Genealogy Foundation ( SMGF ) and a scientific consultant for GeneTree , both located in Salt Lake City , Utah . They are currently the director of the Rome Italy Institute of Religion , and a visiting scientist at the University of Perugia in Italy .
Perego is the owner of The Genetic Genealogy Consultant . They teach an online course in genetic genealogy at Salt Lake Community College .
Sources
Article mentioning Perego 's work on the genetic origins of Native Americans
FairMormon Bio
Deseret News , March 22 , 2012
Deseret News , July 9 , 2011
Deseret News , August 8 , 2008
Genetic Genealogist article on Perego
National Geographic article that quotes Perego on the genetic origins of Native Americans
NPR article mentioning Perego
Associated Press , March 13 , 2008
Ancestry Magazine , May-June 2008 article mentioning Perego
Book of Mormon and DNA Studies
Article by Perego in online journal Interpreter : A Journal of Mormon Scriptures
Full list of scientific publications on PubMed.org
Notes
Brigham Young University alumni
Italian geneticists
Italian Latter Day Saints
Living people
Salt Lake Community College people
University of Pavia alumni
Year of birth missing ( living people )
Sri Sri Sitaramdas Omkarnath ( 17 February 1892 – 6 December 1982 ) was an Indian spiritual master . Addressed as Sri Sri Thakur Sitaramdas Omkarnath , where `` Omkar '' signifies the supreme cosmic enlightenment and attaining supreme consciousnes , they were heralded as the Divine Incarnate ( Avatar ) of Kali Yuga and espoused the doctrines of Sanatan Dharma and Vedic spiritual path to countless devotees from across the world , with central theme and paramount importance on the beneficence of Divine Chanting Naam of Hare Krishna Hare Ram - regarded as the omnipotent `` Tarak Brahma Naam '' the chant of soul deliverance in Kali Yuga and `` Moksha '' liberation from cycle of birth and death . As such , their disciples continue to worship them as an incarnation of the Lord themselves and is verily regarded as an eternal source of spiritual enlightenment and soul succour to all seekers . because their life had been predicted in a manuscript of Achyutananda Dasa . Sitaramdas Omkarnath wrote more than 150 books to promote the essence of Indian scriptures , built more than 60 temples and ashrams all across India , and founded Their spiritual organisation Akhil Bharat Jaiguru Sampradaya , established many groups , temples , mutts , both within and outside the Sampradaya— and was also the initiator of multiple magazines like Pather Alo , Devjan , JaiGuru , Arya Nari , Paramananda , and The Mother .
Birth and childhood
Omkarnath was born in an uncle 's house at Keota village in Hooghly district , West Bengal , on 6 Falgun 1892 . Their given name was Probodh Chandra Chattopadhyay , and their parents were Pranhari Chattopadhyay and Mallabati Devi . Pranhari was a pious Brahmin and worked as a village physician in Dumurdaha , Hooghly district.an incident is famous about him , once they were listening to the mahamantra , they attained samadhi during the Kirtan . But it was thought they have fainted . An ascetic told their grandmother , who was with them that they have not fainted but attained samadhi . And if holy Ganges water is sprayed on them and lord rama 's name is sung to them , he will recover from samadhi . They did when done the same . The kuladevata ( family deity ) was Brajanath ( Krishna ) .
In 1896 , their mother Malyavati Devi died . Their father then married Giribala Devi , and themselves died in 1912 .
Education
Omkarnath attended a village school but then determined that Dasarathidev Yogeswar of Digsui village should be their guru.Though they were admitted to the Bandel Church School for a quite of time to pursue Western Education , they left that school for is earnest interest in Indian Sankritised Education system . Thereafter they studied at Yogeswar 's house , where they undertook daily chores as well as spiritual education . In 1918 , Probodh was meditating at about midnight when they visualised the god Shiva along with the Durga , the Divine Mother .
Later , Omkarnath saw their previous birth on the day of Saraswati puja . Through this they came to believe that they were a famous worshipper of the goddess Kali in previous life .
Spiritual quest
Guru Dasarathidev had named them Sitaram , the name Omkarnath was a divine revelation which was later formally conferred by Swami Dhruvananda Giri . Thus , Probodh came to be known as Sitaramdas Omkarnath . They had heard the Hare Krishna MahaMantra as a Divine Sound during their austere meditation in a cave at Ramashram , Dumurdaha , Hooghly . Later , they heard a divine voice say `` O Sage , dive in '' . Still Sitaram was not ready for giving spiritual initiation to masses , and they waited for direct command . At Puri , Orissa , Sitaram visualised Jagannath in a halo and Jagannath gave the instruction — `` Go , Go , Go and give the Name '' . Thereafter , Sitaram started spreading the Lord 's name on a mass scale .
As a preacher/guru
After getting what is believed to be the Divine instruction , Omkarnath began to preach Nam all across India . Temples were established and renovated , the poor were fed , clothes were distributed , help was given to the fathers of marriageable daughters , taking on the responsibility of lifetime maintenance of hundreds of poverty-stricken families , establishment of free schools for poor students , setting up 29 Akhanda Naam Kirtan centres across India , establishing temples and ashrams , and several other activities of the kind went on continuously . Though they were a follower of both Ramanuj and Ramanandi sect , they themselves developed a unique philosophical school named `` Avinava Pranab-vad ''
Millions of men and women took spiritual initiation from Sitaram . Their reputation spread and people gathered in large numbers wherever they resided . Sitaram was respected by contemporaries such as Anandamayi Ma , Mohanananda Brahmachari , Dalai Lama , Vilayat Inayat Khan , Swami Chidananda , Jain Muni Sushil Kumar and others . They were believed to be an incarnation of Lord Sri Ramachandra , and is one of the most spiritually powerful and sound people that ever existed in human history . They are also one of the purest people who have ever existed .
Teachings
According to Omkarnath ,
Sitaramdas Omkarnath 's spiritual philosophy encompassed Bhakti , Jnana , Karma Yoga , Kriya Yoga and all segments of ancient Indian religion , with emphasis on Nam [ Lord 's Name ] . Sitaramdas did not promote conversion , but guided all seekers on the path of their respective religion . They said- 'The paths may differ , but They are not different . ' By holding onto the Holy Name of Lord , and by performing the duties prescribed by religion of oneself , everybody can attain the Supreme Truth .
The teachings of Omkarnath derive from their personal experiences , revealed in the course of a lifelong and continual spiritual practice . Their teachings were compiled by Kinkar Omananda ( alias Madhav Swamiji ) , one of their closest monastic disciple .
Miracles
Many of unexplained incidents associated with Omkarnath have been documented in books and newspapers by prominent personalities . Among these are :
The writer Nabaneeta Dev Sen wrote of a 'medical miracle ' they had seen . Them father , Naren Dev , was in coma for several days but when Omkarnath came and touched him , they opened their eyes and talked and within a week had begun walking .
Many newspapers of Kolkata reported a revival from death at a Calcutta Medical College . Padmalochan Mukerjee was declared dead , Omkarnath arrived , touched them and revived them in front of Sister G. Wood , who was overwhelmed by the incident .
General Sujan Singh Uban described that Omkarnath had foreseen the Indo-Pakistan war of December 1971 and that during the war a supernatural power of Omkarnath had given them an extraordinary victory . Besides the national issues , Uban had felt the powers of Omkarnath in many aspects of their personal life .
Death
Omkarnath died in the early hours of 6 December 1982 . Their body was placed at Sri Ramashram , Dumurdaha , so that people could pay their respects . They were cremated on a sandalwood pyre on 8 December .
References
Citations
Works cited
Books
Journals
Further reading
External links
Akhil Bharat JaiGuru Sampraday
Omkarnathdev
Pather Alo
Mother
1892 births
1982 deaths
20th-century Hindu religious leaders
Bengali Hindu saints
Hindu mystics
Indian Hindu monks
Indian Hindu saints
Indian Hindu spiritual teachers
People from West Bengal
People from Hooghly district
Slieve Meelbeg is a mountain located in the Mourne Mountains . It is a popular hiking destination and is east of the village of Hilltown .
References
Mountains and hills of County Down
The men 's high jump event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 12 June in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
High jump at the African Championships in Athletics
Fuad Subašić ( born May 17 , 1948 ) is a Bosnian former footballer who played as a midfielder .
Career
Subašić played with NK Slaven Živinice in 1963 . In 1967 , they played in the Yugoslav Second League with FK Sloboda Tuzla , and assisted in securing promotion to the Yugoslav First League in 1969 . They featured in the 1970–71 Yugoslav Cup final , but lost the series to Red Star Belgrade . In the summer of 1974 they played abroad in the National Soccer League with Toronto Croatia . In the fall of 1974 they played with FK Radnik Bijeljina .
References
Living people
1948 births
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
FK Sloboda Tuzla players
Toronto Croatia players
FK Radnik Bijeljina players
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav Second League players
Canadian National Soccer League players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Canada
People from Živinice
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Programs calling a database which accords to the SQL standard receive an indication about the success or failure of the call . This return code - which is called SQLSTATE - consists of 5 bytes . They are divided into two parts : the first and second bytes contain a class and the following three a subclass . Each class belongs to one of four categories : `` S '' denotes `` Success '' ( class 00 ) , `` W '' denotes `` Warning '' ( class 01 ) , `` N '' denotes `` No data '' ( class 02 ) and `` X '' denotes `` Exception '' ( all other classes ) .
Real DBMSs are free to define additional values for SQLSTATE to handle those features which are beyond the standard . Such values must use one of the characters [ I-Z ] or [ 5-9 ] as the first byte of class ( first byte of SQLSTATE ) or subclass ( third byte of SQLSTATE ) .
In addition to SQLSTATE the SQL command GET DIAGNOSTICS offers more details about the last executed SQL command .
In very early versions of the SQL standard the return code was called SQLCODE and used a different coding schema .
The following table lists the standard-conforming values - based on SQL:2011 . The table 's last column shows the part of the standard that defines the row . If it is empty , the definition originates from part 2 Foundation .
References
Relational database management systems
Inter Nos ( ) is a 1982 Icelandic drama film directed by Hrafn Gunnlaugsson . It was selected as the Icelandic entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards , but was not accepted as a nominee .
Einar Örn Benediktsson 's dad , Benedikt Árnason plays the main role .
Cast
Benedikt Árnason
Andrea Oddsteinsdóttir
Júlíus Hjörleifsson
Margrét Gunnlaugsdóttir
Maria Ellingsen
Sirry Steffen
Valgarður Guðjónsson
Þorvaldur S. Þorvaldsson
See also
List of submissions to the 55th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Icelandic submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1982 films
1982 drama films
Films directed by Hrafn Gunnlaugsson
Icelandic-language films
Icelandic drama films
Coatzacoalcos ( ) is a major port city in the southern part of the Mexican state of Veracruz , mostly on the western side of the Coatzacoalcos River estuary , on the Bay of Campeche , on the southern Gulf of Mexico coast . The city serves as the municipal seat of the municipality of the same name . It is the state 's third largest city , after Veracruz City and Xalapa .
Etymology
Coatzacoalcos comes from a Nahuatl word meaning `` site of the Snake '' or `` where the snake hides . '' According to the legend , this is where the god Quetzalcoatl made their final journey to the sea in around 999 and they made their promise to return .
History
Coatzacoalcos sits within the Olmec heartland . Excavations in 2008 for a tunnel under the Coatzacoalcos River indicate a substantial pre-Hispanic population .
By the time of the Spanish arrival the area was under Mayan influence . In 1522 , Hernán Cortés ordered Gonzalo de Sandoval to fund a settlement near Guazacualco . Sandoval named it Villa del Espíritu Santo .
San Martín Tuxtla is an active volcano lying northwest of Coatzcoalcos in the Sierra de los Tuxtlas . It erupted in 1664 , in May 1793 with large ash falls and lava flows , and most recently in 1796 .
The town was elevated to the category of port in 1825 and the name was changed to Coatzacoalcos .
The municipality of Coatzacoalcos was established 22 December 1881 , with the town as its seat . In 1900 the town name was changed to Puerto México . In 1911 it was elevated to city , and in 1936 the name was changed to the current Coatzacoalcos .
On 23 July 1940 , Coatzacoalcos welcomed refugees from the Spanish Civil War who sought asylum in Mexico after travelling across the Atlantic aboard the SS Santo Domingo .
In 1959 , the city suffered damage from an 6.4 earthquake .
Coatzacoalcos became a very important crossroads during the oil boom of the 1970s , connecting the Yucatán Peninsula and oil fields in Campeche to the rest of Mexico and to the port of Salina Cruz in Oaxaca on the Pacific coast .
Geography and climate
The city is located at where the Coatzacoalcos River debouches into the Bay of Campeche . Overland it is connected by road and rail to the Pacific Ocean about away . This location has prompted plans for an interoceanic waterway across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec , or for a much expanded railroad system , for over a century .
The city had a 2005 census population of 234,174 , making it the third-largest city in the state after Veracruz and Xalapa , but first in metropolitan population . The municipality covers a surface area of and reported a population of 280,263 persons . The municipality population in 2010 was 305,260 an increase of 9 % over 2005 . The largest community in the municipality , aside from the city of Coatzacoalcos , is the town of Allende , with a population of 20,501 in 2005 .
In the Köppen climate classification the climate is classified as Am for a tropical monsoon climate . A typical year sees more than of rainfall . Lying on the Gulf of Mexico , Coatzacoalcos has been struck by several hurricanes and tropical storms such as Hurricane Diana in August 1990 , Hurricane Mitch in November 1998 , Tropical Storm Larry in October 2003 , Hurricane Stan in October 2005 , Hurricane Dean in August 2007 , Tropical Storm Marco in October 2008 , Tropical Storm Hermine in early September 2010 , Hurricane Karl in mid September 2010 , Tropical Storm Matthew in late September 2010 , Hurricane Richard in October 2010 and Hurricane Agatha in late May 2022 . The winter months are cooler and drier than the summer months . Occasionally , cold high pressure cells from North America drift south across the Gulf of Mexico and drive strong Tehuano winds across the Isthmus , with very strong wind concentration taking place in Chivela Pass in Oaxaca .
Economy
The city 's industry is dominated by the petrochemical sector . Four big industrial petrochemical complexes are located near the city ( Pajaritos , Cosoleacaque , Morelos and Cangrejera ) making it one of the most important concentrations of its kind in the world . The state-owned Pemex Petroquímica subsidiary is headquartered in Coatzacoalcos and 85 % of its production is concentrated there .
Education
The Universidad Veracruzana maintains a branch campus and library in Coatzacoalcos . Also , TecNM has a campus in the city .
Sports
The Tiburones Rojos de Coatzacoalcos ( Red Sharks ) played in the Primera División A until December 2008 when they moved to Orizaba to become part of a reformed Albinegros de Orizaba . The Delfines de Coatzacoalcos ( Dolphins ) play in the Estadio Rafael Hernández Ochoa , which was built in 1980 . The Universidad Istmo Americana F.C . plays in the Tercera División de México and is based in Coatzacoalcos .
Transportation
Coatzacoalcos has been a transportation hub for hundreds of years . It is connected via air , water , road , and rail to
the surrounding region and the rest of the world .
The Minatitlán/Coatzacoalcos National Airport is away in Cosoleacaque and has been an
international airport since August 2006 .
The Port of Coatzacoalcos ( Puerto Mexico ) is an international port of entry that provides transhipment of oil and petrochemicals .
After an upgrade to the railway along the Tehuantepec Route was opened in 1907 by Porfirio Díaz the port saw an increase of shipping via the Isthmus of Tehuantepec , particularly from the American-Hawaiian Steamship Company . The port saw a decrease in traffic after the opening of the Panama Canal from 1914 on , but traffic has started to build up since the oil boom of the 1970s . The railway is now known as the Ferrocarril Transístmico ( `` Trans-Isthmic Railroad '' ) .
The CG Railway operates train ferries between the Port of Coatzacoalcos and the Port of Mobile in Alabama , US . Ferrosur also provides rail service in and out of Coatzacoalcos as far southeast as Las Choapas , to the north and west to Veracruz and Mexico City , as well as to the south over the Tehuantepec route now owned by Ferrocarril Transistmico from Medias Aguas to Salina Cruz in the state of Oaxaca .
Mexican Federal Highway 180 follows the southern shore of the Bay of Campeche through Coatzacoalcos to the Yucatán Peninsula . Highway 180 and a rail line to Allende have been carried over the Coatzacoalcos River via the 1910 built Coatza I bridge for more than a century . A second cable stayed bridge known as Coatza II or Antonio Dovalí Jaime was built to the south to carry more road traffic over the river . It was constructed starting in 1979 and was opened by President Miguel de la Madrid Hurtado on 17 October 1984 . Coatza II has a center span of and an overall length of . A ferry operates between the city of Coatzacoalcos and Allende , which in 2017 was supplemented by a underwater tunnel that carries four lanes of traffic .
Notable people
Coatzacoalcos is the birthplace of actor Salma Hayek ; journalist María Antonieta Collins ; and footballers Sergio Ramirez , who played for FC Ararat Yerevan , in the Armenian Premier League and José Arturo Rivas , who plays for the Tigres de la UANL , in the Primera División de México . Also , Silviano Delgado Valladolid , who was part of Mexico 's National Squad during Barcelona 1992 Olympic Games and played for Toluca F.C. , Puebla F.C. , Morelia F.C .
Twin towns – sister cities
Rizhao , China
San Fernando , Philippines
See also
CG Railway
German night fighter direction vessel Togo
References
Sources
Link to tables of population data from Census of 2005 INEGI : Instituto Nacional de Estadística , Geografía e Informática
Veracruz Enciclopedia de los Municipios de México es al mas lindo y hermoso que no hay otro como Mexico
External links
Coatzacoalcos municipal government Official website ( in Spanish )
Municipal Official Information
The Society of Coatzacoalcos
Videos of Coatzacoalcos
Populated places in Veracruz
Cities in Mexico
Port cities and towns of the Mexican Gulf Coast
Ports of the Gulf of Mexico
Populated places established in 1522
1522 establishments in New Spain
1520s establishments in Mexico
The Scientist is a professional magazine intended for life scientists . Coverage includes articles on recently published research papers , current research , techniques , important career news , profiles of established and up and coming scientists , publishing , research integrity and best practices , as well as other columns and reports of interest to its readers .
The editor-in-chief is Bob Grant .
Overview
The main purpose of the magazine is to provide print and online coverage of the latest developments in life sciences research , technology , careers , and business . Subject matter covered by the magazine includes : groundbreaking research , industry innovations , careers , financial topics , economics of science , scientific ethics , profiles of scientists , lab tools , scientific publishing , techniques , product spotlight , and guides
History
The Scientist was founded by Eugene Garfield in 1986 .
In 1988 , Garfield sold The Scientist , part of the Institute for Scientific Information , to JPT Publishing .
In 2009 , the magazine had layoffs. , and its owner , Science Navigation Group , merged The Scientist with a website , Faculty of 1000 , for peer review and evaluation of articles in biology and medical journals . The Scientist moved from Philadelphia to New York in 2010 .
In October 2011 , its closure was announced but then the LabX Media Group announced its intent to purchase and continue publishing it . The Group officially acquired the magazine at the end of October 2011 .
The magazine is published monthly and is available in print and digital formats .
Top 10 Innovations Survey
Since 2008 , The Scientist has conferred awards for the top innovations in science technology : Nominations are submitted ; entries are reviewed by a panel of judges ; and the winners are announced annually in the December edition of the magazine .
The Scientist online
Website
The Scientist offers a website that complements the print version by offering live science news and multimedia features , attracting roughly 1.2 million unique page views each month , according to Google Analytics .
Social media
In 2011 , The Scientist launched a Facebook page to deliver its content in the social media realm . The page now has more than 2 million-page likes .
Since then , The Scientist has launched special interest Facebook pages to share the latest research developments in different life science topics In December 2018 , it was announced that some pages would be renamed and refocused for a more cohesive community .
Awards
The Scientist has won many awards , including :
2018 ASBPE Awards of Excellence , Top Ten Award , Magazine of the Year
2016 ASBPE Awards of Excellence , Bronze - Web News Section & another in Infographics
2011 Gold and Silver 'Eddie ' Award for Best Business-to-Business Science Magazine , Full Issue
2011 Bronze 'Eddie ' Award for Best Business-to-Business Single Science Article
2011 Silver 'Eddie ' Award for Best Business-to-Business News Coverage
2011 ASBPE Awards of Excellence , Magazine of the Year
Gold 'Eddie ' Award for Best Business-to-Business Science Website in the years 2009 , 2010
ASBPE Awards of Excellence Magazine of the year , circulation less than 80,000 in the years 2008 , 2009
Gold 'Eddie ' Award for Best Business-to-Business Single Science Article in the years 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011
2007 Nomination as one of the Top 10 Business-to-Business Magazines
2007 Gold for Best Publication Redesign
2007 Silver for Best Individual/Company Profile for Ishani Ganguli 's `` A Complementary Pathway ''
Gold 'Eddie ' Award for Best Business-to-Business Science Magazine in the years 2006 , 2007 , 2008 , 2009 , 2010
References
External links
Science and technology magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1986
Monthly magazines published in the United States
English-language magazines
Magazines published in New York City
John Simopoulos ( 12 June 1923 – 4 March 2015 ) was a philosopher and fellow of St. Catherine 's College , Oxford .
Simopoulos was born in Vienna , the son of Greek diplomat Charalambos Simopoulos , who was serving there . Their father was also at one time ambassador to the Court of St James 's in London .
References
1923 births
2015 deaths
British philosophers
Alumni of Magdalen College , Oxford
People educated at Stowe School
Fellows of St Catherine 's College , Oxford
Austrian emigrants to the United Kingdom
Ryan Bolton ( born March 26 , 1973 in Rapid City , South Dakota ) is an American athlete who competed in triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Bolton competed in cross-country , swimming and track for Campbell County High School in Gillette , Wyoming . They ran cross country and track for the University of Wyoming .
Bolton competed in the first Olympic triathlon , at the 2000 Summer Olympics . They finished in 25th place with a total time of 1:50:52.95 . Bolton won the 2002 Ironman Triathlon at Lake Placid , New York . Bolton was coached by Joe Friel . , Bolton was still competing in triathlon .
Bolton now coaches a group of elite runners in Santa Fe , New Mexico , with the Harambee Track Club .
References
External links
Ryan Bolton at ITU 's Triathlon.org
1973 births
Living people
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of the United States
Sportspeople from Rapid City , South Dakota
American male triathletes
University of Wyoming alumni
Leonid Yulianovich Belakhov ( Russian : Леонид Юлианович Белахов , June 9 , 1907 – June 9 , 1975 ) was a general and a senior Soviet administrator at the time of World War II , and managed several strategic logistical programs that influenced the course of the war , including the transportation of war aid from the US through the Lend-Lease program and of troops and fuel for the beginning of the offensive against the Nazi Germany 's invasion of the USSR .
Biography
Arctic exploration
In 1937 , after finishing the air force command academy , Belakhov was appointed head of political administration of the Chief Directorate of the Northern Sea Route ( GlavSevMorPut ) , one of the largest Soviet agencies , governing the Soviet territory north of the Arctic Circle and east of the Ural mountains . In this role , Belakhov oversaw the internal affairs of the agency and the logistics of the Arctic exploration programs .
The agency was at that time headed by Otto Schmidt . Belakhov continued as the political chief under Ivan Papanin , the new chief of CDNSR after Otto Schmidt 's resignation from the agency 's leadership in 1939 .
World War II
In 1940 , Belakhov was appointed head of political administration and deputy minister of the Soviet Merchant Fleet . In this capacity , Belakhov was commissioned to manage several key projects , reporting to Anastas Mikoyan , the deputy head of the government and a stalwart of Soviet politics . The projects included the organization of transportation of war aid to the USSR from the U.S. through the Lend-Lease program , supply of fuel and transportation of troops for the Battle of Stalingrad .
Family
Belakhov was married to Maria Belakhova , a writer and educator known for their work in children 's literature and education in the Soviet Union , mentorship of many of the country 's prominent children 's writers , and their own works .
References
Mikoyan , Anastas I . `` It Was Thus : Memoirs of Anastas Mikoyan. '' . Trans . Katherine T. O'Connor and Diana L. Burgin . Madison , CT : Sphinx Press , 1988. .
Valentin Akuratov `` On New Routes '' . GlavSevMorPut Press , USSR , 1941 .
John McCannon `` Red Arctic : Polar Exploration and the Myth of the North in the Soviet Union , 1932-1939 '' . Oxford University Press , USA , 1998. .
Aleksey Shahurin `` Wings Of Victory '' . Politizdat , USSR , 1990 .
External links
Chief Directorate of the Northern Sea Route
https : //web.archive.org/web/20110703055647/http : //rusarchives.ru/secret/842.shtml
http : //www.e-reading.org.ua/bookreader.php/85406/Na_novyh_trassah.html
http : //militera.lib.ru/memo/russian/mikoyan/04.html
http : //militera.lib.ru/h/kymanev_ga2/04.html
http : //www.razumei.ru/files/others/pdf/Shahurin_kryliya_pobedy.pdf
https : //web.archive.org/web/20120321143640/http : //www.melgrosh.unimelb.edu.au/php/index.php ? section=pol & page=meetHome & id=4335 & orderBy=name
http : //ru.wikisource.org/wiki/ % D0 % 96 % D1 % 83 % D1 % 80 % D0 % BD % D0 % B0 % D0 % BB_ % D0 % BF % D0 % BE % D1 % 81 % D0 % B5 % D1 % 89 % D0 % B5 % D0 % BD % D0 % B8 % D0 % B9_ % D0 % A1 % D1 % 82 % D0 % B0 % D0 % BB % D0 % B8 % D0 % BD % D0 % B0/1943
http : //lost-empire.ru/index.php ? option=com_content & task=view & id=2594 & Itemid=
http : //catalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi ? BBRecID=8492335 & v3=1 & SEQ=20110319105118 & PID=g7NP7WoxZsTyo8aFeo21sg80
http : //catalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi ? BBRecID=7168098 & v3=1 & SEQ=20110319105121 & PID=uptueB-dklggj4OOWRc9El_C
http : //catalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi ? BBRecID=7127316 & v3=1 & SEQ=20110319105222 & PID=bllm4jITr11A_ssxWJJ-zWLx
http : //catalog.loc.gov/cgi-bin/Pwebrecon.cgi ? BBRecID=8080655 & v3=1 & SEQ=20110319105125 & PID=yT7MB11wossxrE22TUGZU8gW
http : //generals.dk/general/Belakhov/Leonid_Iulianovich/Soviet_Union.html
https : //web.archive.org/web/20160303204657/http : //www.knowbysight.info/2_KPSS/10306.asp
http : //english.ruvr.ru/2008/02/26/179328.html
http : //english.ruvr.ru/2007/12/19/168522.html
http : //murmanarchiv.ru/index.php ? option=com_content & view=article & id=170:2010-04-21-06-11-22 & catid=38 : the-great-patriotic-war-on-the-kola-north & Itemid=82
1907 births
1975 deaths
People from Vinnytsia
People from Vinnitsky Uyezd
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
People 's commissars and ministers of the Soviet Union
Members of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic , 1938–1947
Soviet major generals
Exploration of the Arctic
Polar exploration by Russia and the Soviet Union
Arctic research
Arctic expeditions
Soviet military personnel of World War II
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Recipients of the Order of the Red Star
Boay Akonay ( 3 January 1970 – 29 June 2013 ) was a Tanzanian long-distance runner who won the bronze medal at the 1992 World Half Marathon Championships .
Achievements
External links
Boay Akonay 's obituary
1970 births
2013 deaths
Tanzanian male long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Tanzania
Tanzanian male marathon runners
Athletes ( track and field ) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Paul English may refer to :
Paul English ( drummer ) , drummer with Willie Nelson
Paul M. English , Boston-based entrepreneur and philanthropist
Phillip Omondi ( 1957 – 21 April 1999 ) was a Ugandan football player and manager .
Playing career
Omondi played for local side Kampala City Council FC from 1973 to 1979 , when they moved to the United Arab Emirates to join Sharjah .
Omondi played for the Uganda national football team at the 1974 , 1976 and 1978 African Cup of Nations , where they were the leading goal-scorer as Uganda finished second . They also helped the team to the 1973 and 1977 CECAFA Cup titles .
Career as a manager
Following their playing career , Omondi became a manager of Bank of Uganda FC and KCC before retiring in 1992 .
References
1957 births
1999 deaths
Ugandan footballers
Ugandan expatriate footballers
Uganda international footballers
1974 African Cup of Nations players
1976 African Cup of Nations players
1978 African Cup of Nations players
Ugandan football managers
Kampala Capital City Authority FC players
Sharjah FC players
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Ugandan expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Association footballers not categorized by position
Kimball is a surname , and may refer to :
Note : A person may be listed in more than one section .
Architects
Francis H. Kimball ( 1845–1919 ) , American architect best known for their work on skyscrapers in lower Manhattan
Thomas Rogers Kimball ( 1862–1934 ) , Omaha architect
Artists and animators
Alonzo Myron Kimball ( 1874–1923 ) , American portrait artist and illustrator
Katharine Kimball ( 1866–1949 ) , American artist , illustrator and etcher
Ward Kimball ( 1914–2002 ) , one of Walt Disney 's main animators , the `` Nine Old Men ''
Jurists and lawyers
Catherine D. Kimball , Chief Justice of the Louisiana Supreme Court
Derrick Kimball ( born 1954 ) , Canadian lawyer and former politician
Edward L. Kimball ( 1930–2016 ) , American scholar , lawyer , law professor and historian
Ralph Kimball ( judge ) , Associate Justice of the Wyoming Supreme Court
Musicians
Bobby Kimball ( born 1947 ) , the lead and background singer in the American rock/pop band Toto
Cheyenne Kimball ( born 1990 ) , American singer
Jennifer Kimball , vocalist , songwriter , and multi-instrumentalist who was part of The Story along with Jonatha Brooke
Jim Kimball , American punk drummer
Mormons
Andrew Kimball ( 1858–1924 ) , American politician and a mission president and stake president in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , son of Heber Kimball
Heber C. Kimball ( 1801–1868 ) , leader in the early Latter Day Saint movement
Helen Mar Kimball ( 1828–1896 ) , one of Joseph Smith 's wives
Spencer W. Kimball ( 1895–1985 ) , 12th president of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Politicians
Alanson M. Kimball ( 1827–1913 ) , U.S. Representative from Wisconsin
Andrew Kimball ( 1858–1924 ) , American politician and Mormon
Clem F. Kimball ( 1868–1928 ) , Iowa Lieutenant Governor
Derrick Kimball ( born 1954 ) , Canadian lawyer and former politician
Fenner Kimball ( 1822–1899 ) , American manufacturer , business person and politician
Henry M. Kimball ( 1878–1935 ) , U.S. Representative from Michigan
John W. Kimball ( 1828–1910 ) , American soldier and politician who served as Massachusetts Auditor
Marcus Kimball , Baron Kimball ( 1928–2014 ) , British Conservative politician
Philip Kimball ( 1918-2005 ) , Massachusetts state legislator
William P. Kimball ( 1857–1926 ) , U.S. Representative from Kentucky
Soldiers
Ivory Kimball ( 1843–1916 ) , Union Army soldier
John W. Kimball ( 1828–1910 ) , American soldier and politician who served as Massachusetts Auditor
Nathan Kimball ( 1822–1898 ) , American Civil War general
William Wirt Kimball ( 1848–1930 ) , U.S. naval officer
Sports figures
Bruce Kimball ( born 1963 ) , American diver and coach
Charlie Kimball , American racecar driver
Dick Kimball ( born c. 1935 ) , American former diver and coach
Eddie Kimball ( 1903–1990 ) , American football player , football and basketball coach , and college athletics administrator
Jeremy Kimball ( born 1991 ) , American mixed martial arts fighter
Mary Ellen Kimball , All-American Girls Professional Baseball League player
Nikki Kimball ( born 1971 ) , American ultramarathoner
Toby Kimball ( 1942–2017 ) , American National Basketball Association player
Writers
Dan Kimball , author
George E Kimball III ( 1943–2011 ) , author
Harriet McEwen Kimball ( 1834–1917 ) , American poet , hymnwriter , philanthropist , hospital co-founder
Maria Brace Kimball ( 1852–1933 ) , American educator , elocutionist , writer
Michael Kimball ( born 1967 ) , American novelist
Roger Kimball ( born 1953 ) , conservative U.S art critic , essayist , and social commentator
Others
Christopher Kimball , cooking magazine editor and TV host
Donna Kimball , American muppeteer
Edward Kimball ( 1859–1938 ) , American stage and silent film actor
George E. Kimball , pioneer of Operations Research
Hannibal Kimball , nineteenth century entrepreneur
Ralph Kimball , author of publications on data warehousing and business intelligence
Scott Lee Kimball , convicted serial killer
Solon Toothaker Kimball , noted educator and anthropologist
Sumner Increase Kimball ( 1832-1924 ) , organizer of and general superintendent of the United States Life-Saving Service , predecessor of the United States Coast Guard
William Wallace Kimball ( 1828–1904 ) , Chicago piano manufacturer and founder of the Kimball Piano Company , now Kimball International
The Woshan WS-6 was an unsuccessful turbofan development program from the People 's Republic of China .
Development started as part of the `` Aviation Industry Science and Technology Development Program for 1978-1985 '' with the larger goal of developing an industry capable of designing and building aircraft engines . No workable engines were produced when the program was cancelled in 1986 .
Experience from the WS-6 was applied to the later Shenyang WS-10 .
References
Low-bypass turbofan engines
1970s turbofan engines
Contract is a 2008 Indian Hindi-language action drama film written by Prashant Pandey and directed by Ram Gopal Varma . The film is set up in the backdrop of terrorism , and the infiltration by R.A.W . and Intelligence Bureau .
Starring Adhvik Mahajan , Upendra Limaye , Prasad Purandare , and Zakir Hussain in pivotal roles , the film received mixed reviews . The film was screened retrospective at the 2010 Fribourg International Film Festival .
Plot
The story revolves around an ex-Special Protection Group Commando , Amaan Malik , whose wife and daughter , are killed in a terrorist attack . Indian Agents , working with the RAW of India , approach Amaan for collaboration , to hunt the mastermind behind the serial terrorist attacks in Mumbai , Sultan . Sultan , is executing another mission of serial blasts , including a government hospital in Mumbai . Supported by the Intelligence Bureau ( India ) , how RAW and Amaan are able to infiltrate the underworld gangs , to reach Sultan , forms the rest of the plot .
Cast
Adhvik Mahajan as Amaan Malik
Sakshi Gulati as Iya
Kishor Kadam as Dara
Sumeet Nijhawan as R.D .
Amruta Khanvilkar as Divya
Upendra Limaye as Goonga
Amruta Subhash as Goonga 's Wife
Vibha Cheebur as Commissioner
Prasad Purandare as Ahmad Hussain
Jaspaul Sandhu as Home Minister
Raaj Gopal as RAW Shridhar
Vikas Shrivastav as RAW Lalji
Zakir Hussain as Sultan
Brajesh Jha as Zahwari
Yasir Khan as Allwyn
Jai Tari as Bhansal
Soundtrack
`` Maula Khair Kare '' – Shilpa Rao , Sukhwinder Singh
`` The Heart Of Contract '' – Instrumental
`` Jeene Ka '' – Runa Rizvi , Ravi Shankar
`` Badalon Pe '' – Shaan
`` Saathiya '' – Adnan Sami , Tulsi Kumar
`` Har Kafan '' – Abhishek Nailwal , Runa Rizvi
`` Twinkle Twinkle '' – Amitrajit Bhattacharee , Devika Verma , Rajana Verma , Trishe
`` Khallas '' – Asha Bhosle , Sudesh Bhosle , Sapna Awasthi
`` Hai Aag Yeh '' – Sunidhi Chauhan
`` Take Lite '' – Jiah Khan
References
External links
Films directed by Ram Gopal Varma
Films set in Mumbai
Films about terrorism in India
2000s action drama films
2000s spy thriller films
2008 crime thriller films
Indian action drama films
Indian avant-garde and experimental films
Indian crime thriller films
Indian spy thriller films
Insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa fiction
Films shot in Mumbai
2008 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films shot in India
Films about the Research and Analysis Wing
2000s avant-garde and experimental films
India–Pakistan relations in popular culture
Nogometni klub Dob ( ) , currently named Roltek Dob due to sponsorship reasons , is a Slovenian football club based in the town of Dob near Domžale . They compete in the Slovenian Second League . The club was founded in 1961 .
Stadium
Dob plays at the Dob Sports Park ( ) , which is located in Dob . The stadium has a seating capacity for 300 spectators .
Dob Sports Park includes the main stadium and a training field with natural grass . There is also one smaller field for younger selections , covered with artificial turf . In 2014 , the stadium was partially renovated , as it received another training field and the fence around the main field was replaced .
Honours
Slovenian Second League
Winners : 2013–14
MNZ Ljubljana Cup
Winners : 2009–10 , 2015–16
League history since 1991
References
External links
Official website
Soccerway profile
Association football clubs established in 1961
Football clubs in Slovenia
Football clubs in Yugoslavia
1961 establishments in Slovenia
Maximovskaya ( ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement , Totemsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia . The population was 2 as of 2002 .
Geography
Maximovskaya is located 29 km southwest of Totma ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Klimovskaya is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Luther W. Clarke ( 18251869 ) was a Michigan politician .
Early life
Clarke was born in 1825 in Marietta , Ohio . In 1847 , Clarke settled in Eagle River , Michigan .
Career
Clarke was a physician . On November 2 , 1852 , Clarke was elected to the Michigan Senate , where they represented the 32nd district from January 5 , 1853 to December 31 , 1854 . During their term , they served on the Mines and Minerals committee and the State Library committee .
Death
Clarke died in 1869 .
References
1825 births
1869 deaths
Michigan Democrats
Michigan state senators
People from Keweenaw County , Michigan
People from Marietta , Ohio
20th-century American physicians
20th-century American politicians
The CMLL Universal Championship ( Campeonato Universal in Spanish ) is an annual lucha libre tournament held by the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) since 2009 . The tournament format is a `` tournament of champions '' with sixteen male CMLL champions participating . With the 2019 tournament CMLL has held nine tournaments in total with only two repeat winners , Último Guerrero who won in both 2009 and 2014 and El Terrible who won in 2012 and 2019 .
Even though the tournament winner is given a title belt , it is not defended like a regular championship throughout the year .
Male tournament winners
Female tournament winners
Tournament history
The Universal Championship tournament was created in 2009 to replace the Leyenda de Plata as CMLL 's top tournament of the year . The Leyenda de Plata commemorated El Santo , a legend in lucha libre , but when CMLL and El Santo 's son , El Hijo del Santo had a very public falling out in 2008 they decided to no longer run the annual Leyenda de Plata tournament . They came up with the concept of the Universal Championship tournament , a tournament exclusively for CMLL champions . The first Universal Championship tournament took place over three shows in June , with June 5 , 2009 , and June 12 , 2009 CMLL Super Viernes shows each hosting a three-round block of the tournament and the June 19 , 2009 Super Viernes featuring the finals as its main event . On June 19 , 2009 CMLL World Heavyweight Champion , and one of the tournament favorites , Último Guerrero defeated El Texano Jr. the reigning NWA World Light Heavyweight Champion . CMLL later announced the 2010 Universal Championship , confirming that it will indeed be an annual event . The second annual Universal Championship tournament started on July 30 , 2010 , ended on August 13 and saw New Japan Pro-Wrestling representative and CMLL World Middleweight Champion Jushin Thunder Liger defeat CMLL World Trios Champion La Sombra to become the 2010 Universal Champion . The 2011 edition started on September 2 , ended on September 16 and saw La Sombra , now the NWA World Historic Welterweight Champion , come back to defeat CMLL World Trios Champion Averno in the finals to win the tournament .
In 2012 , CMLL World Heavyweight Champion El Terrible defeated New Japan Pro Wrestling 's IWGP Heavyweight Champion Tanahashi to win the tournament . The following year , Tanahashi , now the CMLL World Tag Team Champion , became the second Japanese winner of the tournament by defeating Mexican National Trios Champion Rush in the finals . In 2014 , CMLL World Trios Champion and the 2009 Universal Champion Último Guerrero defeated the NWA World Historic Middleweight Champion and 2011 Universal Champion La Sombra to become the first two-time Universal Champion .
40 individuals have competed in the six tournaments that have been held up to and including the 2014 Universal Championship tournament , with 13 wrestlers having appeared at only 1 tournament so far . Dragón Rojo Jr. , La Máscara , La Sombra , Máscara Dorada and Mephisto have all participated in five of the six tournaments held so far . Diamante Azul previously competed in the tournament as `` Metro '' and is the only wrestler to compete under two different ring identities . Only one non-CMLL champion has participated in the tournament , Hiroshi Tanahashi , who held the IWGP Heavyweight Championship when they participated in 2012 and 2013 , but held the CMLL World Tag Team Championship when participating in 2011 . Despite holding the CMLL World Lightweight Championship Virus did not compete in the 2011 and 2012 tournaments but did participate in 2013 and 2014 . Jushin Thunder Liger won the tournament in 2010 but did not compete in 2011 or 2012 despite holding CMLL championships at the time , the CMLL World Middleweight Championship and the CMLL World Tag Team Championship respectively . Prince Devitt did not participate in the 2012 tournament despite holding the NWA World Historic Middleweight Championship as they were in Japan at the time . Místico the holder of the CMLL World Welterweight Championship was unable to participate in the 2014 tournament due to an injury .
References
Starokosteyevo ( ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Starokosteyevsky Selsoviet , Bakalinsky District , Bashkortostan , Russia . The population was 430 as of 2010 . There are 3 streets .
Geography
Starokosteyevo is located 12 km northwest of Bakaly ( the district 's administrative centre ) by road . Novokosteyevo is the nearest rural locality .
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Kraljevski Apartman ( ; trans . Royal Suite ) is a Serbian heavy metal band from Belgrade . The band rose to prominence during the late 1990s and early 2000s , becoming one of the most popular bands on the Serbian heavy metal scene .
History
Apartman 69
The band 's history began in 1979 , when guitarist Zoran Zdravković ( a former member of the bands Exodus , Zvučni Zid , Bicikl , and Tvrdo Srce i Velike Uši ) formed the hard rock band Apartman 69 ( Apartment 69 ) . The band recorded only one album Seti se moje pesme ( Remember My Song ) , in 1983 . The line up which recorded the album consisted of Dragan Blažić ( vocals ) , Zoran Zdravković ( guitar ) , Dejan Mihajlović ( keyboard , backing vocals ) , Milan Mastelica ( bass guitar , backing vocals ) and Jovan Simonović ( drums ) . One of the band 's lineups also included Zvonimir Đukić , today 's frontman of the popular band Van Gogh on rhythm guitar and Vladan Dokić , drummer of the hard rock band Rok Mašina . After the release of the album , due to the great popularity of new wave bands , Apartman 69 ceased to exist .
1990s
After 13 years , Zdravković , with the support of Riblja Čorba 's frontman Bora Đorđević , decided to form a new band and with vocalist Zoran `` Lotke '' Lalović formed Kraljevski Apartman in 1995 . The first lineup of the band soon after had split and the new lineup consisted of Lalović ( vocals ) , Zdravković ( guitar ) , Zoran Rončević ( drums ) , Nebojša Čanković ( guitar ) and Vladimir Rajčić ( bass guitar ) . Riblja Čorba drummer Vicko Milatović was approached to join the band as the bass guitarist , but eventually refused . This lineup recorded the band 's first album Long Live Rock 'n ' Roll for Rock Express Records . The title track of the album is a cover version of a Rainbow hit with the same title . The album included eight songs and the most notable were `` Mračan grad '' ( `` Dark City '' ) , `` Ne verujem u lažne anđele '' ( `` I Do n't Believe in False Angels '' ) , `` Misterija '' ( `` Mystery '' ) and `` Oprosti mi '' ( `` Forgive Me '' ) . Promotional video was recorded for the song `` Misterija '' . Zdravković provided most of the lyrics and music . The band performed as a support act on Riblja Čorba tour , and presented the album to the audience in Serbia .
In 1999 , Rončević left the band and the lineup included a new drummer Srđan Duždević and rhythm guitarist Miroslav Šen . This lineup recorded the second album titled Izgubljen u vremenu ( Lost in Time ) . The album featured heavier sound and its main hits were `` Izgubljen u vremenu '' , `` Slomljeno srce '' ( `` Broken Heart '' ) , `` Nikad se ne predajem '' ( `` I Never Give Up '' ) , `` Ne traži đavola '' ( `` Do n't Tease the Devil '' ) and `` Posle oluje ( Javi se ... ) '' ( `` After the Storm ( Call ... ) '' . The album also included the cover of Uriah Heep 's song `` Lady in Black '' , Kraljevski Apartman version titled `` Slike '' ( `` Images '' ) . The CD edition of the album included four songs from Long Live Rock 'n ' Roll as bonus tracks . All the lyrics were written by Zdravković except `` Znak Zveri '' ( `` Mark of the Beast '' ) by Vicko Milatović . A promotional video was recorded for the song `` Posle oluje ( Javi se ... ) '' .
2000s
In 2002 , after appearing on Hard 'n ' Heavy Festival as a headliner , numerous appearances on festivals and on their own , the band entered the studio Paradoks to record demos for the following album . For the recording of their third album , the band changed the lineup because Šen , Duždević and Čačija left the band . The new lineup included drummer Zoran Rončević , who recorded the first album with the band , bass guitarist Marko Nikolić ( who had previously played with Vatreni Poljubac ) and Dejan Đorđević on keyboards . For Rocker , released in 2002 by Rock Express Records , the band added a keyboard player and switched to only one guitar making the band 's sound more melodic . The album featured hits `` Ranjena zver '' ( `` Wounded Beast '' ) and `` Rocker '' ( a promotional video was recorded for the former ) , ballads `` Za ljubav ne treba da moliš '' ( `` You Should n't Beg for Love '' ) and `` Dama iz kraljevskog apartmana '' ( `` Lady from the Royal Apartment '' ) , and song `` U lavirintu sedam greha '' ( `` In the Labyrinth of Seven Sins '' ) from the Lavirint movie soundtrack ( bonus on CD edition ) . The album also featured the song `` Niemandsland '' ( German for `` No Man 's Land '' ) with lyrics in German language and sung by Zdravković . All the lyrics were provided by Zdravković . After the success of Rocker , the band became well known in the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Poland and the albums was distributed in about twenty countries .
For the first time since in the band 's history , the same lineup recorded two albums . Ruka pravde ( Hand of Justice ) was released in 2004 , this time for PGP-RTS . The album was considered by both fans and critics to be one of the band 's finest works . Songs `` Ruka pravde '' , `` Dao sam sve od sebe '' ( `` I Did My Best '' ) , `` Izaberi jedan put '' ( `` Chose a Path '' ) and ballads `` Sve u svoje vreme '' ( `` There Is Time for Everything '' ) and `` Sve su noći iste '' ( `` All the Nights Are the Same '' ) became main hits . The band presented the album while touring with Belgrade 's Radio 202 live show Hit 202 . During the same year , the band , alongside Cactus Jack , performed as an opening act on Deep Purple 's concert in Belgrade .
In 2005 , the band entered its first decade of existence , and on the 10th birthday , a recording of a live DVD and album were scheduled . The DVD was recorded live in Belgrade 's Studentski Kulturni Centar and released under the title 10 Godina sa vama - Live SKC ( 10 Years with You - Live SKC ) . The DVD also includes interviews with the band members and others connected to the band and videos for `` Ruka pravde '' , `` Ranjena zver '' and `` Misterija '' . The soundtrack of the DVD featuring selected tracks from the concert was released as Best Of Live ( 1996 - 2005 ) . After the release of the album , the band played various dates including opening , together with Alogia , for Whitesnake on Belgrade 's Tašmajdan . This was the last concert with the keyboard player Dejan Đorđević . Following Đorđević 's departure , Zoran Rončević also left the band . They were replaced by Zoran Radovanović who previously played with Generacija 5 . After performing as a four-part band , Miloš Nikolić , Marko Nikolić 's brother , stepped in on rhythm guitar . This lineup started writing new material and recorded demos for several tracks . One of them , `` Čuvar tajni '' ( `` The Keeper of Secrets '' ) , appeared as a radio promo single .
On August 17 , 2007 the band played at Belgrade Beer Fest which was officially the last show with vocalist Zoran Lalović before September 2008 . Their replacement was a former Which 1 frontman Ivan `` Đera '' Đerković . The first and the only album with Đerković on vocals , Čuvar tajni ( The Keeper of Secrets ) was released through PGP RTS in 2008 . The band recorded nine new songs and made a new version of the track `` Jesen '' , which originally appeared on the band 's second album . A promotional video was recorded for the track `` Čarobni štap '' . Lalović formed their own band and after months of performing as The No Name Band , the band got the name Lotke & Lavirint ( Lotke & The Labyrinth ) performing songs by Kraljevski Apartman . For a short time period a drummer of Lotke & Lavirint was Zoran Rončević , former Kraljevski Apartman drummer . After several promotional concerts for the new album , in September 2008 , Marko Nikolić left the band . As Đerković was not well accepted by fans , Lalović was approached to return as the lead vocal , and during September they returned to the band , replacing Đerković .
In 2009 , with the beginning of the work on their new studio album , the band released the single `` Pandora '' , along with the music video .
2010s
In April 2012 , the band recorded two new songs , `` Magija '' ( `` Magic '' ) dedicated to the late Ronnie James Dio , and `` Dodaj gas '' ( `` Pedal to the Metal '' ) , available for free download through Timemachinemusic.org and announcing the band 's sixth studio album . The album , entitled Igre bez pravila ( Games without rules ) , produced by Lalović and released through Power Music in November 2012 , featured two new members : Vladimir Rajčić ( bass guitar ) , who previously played on Long Live Rock 'n ' Roll , and Nebojša Maksimović ( keyboards ) . On June 14 , 2013 , the band performed as an opening act for Whitesnake at the Belgrade Fortress .
On December 31 , the band had their last appearance with Lalović on vocals , on Republic Square in Belgrade on a New Year 's Eve concert , where the band performed alongside Neverne Bebe , Kiki Lesendrić & Piloti , Alisa and Sanja Ilić & Balkanika . Lalović died on May 3 , 2015 , after short illness . They were 65 years old .
In December 2015 , the band announced the continuation of their activity with the single `` Lud sam za tobom '' ( `` Crazy About You '' ) , recorded with new vocalist , Jovan Baranin . The rest of the new lineup features Zoran Zdravković ( guitar ) , Miroslav Đorđević ( guitar ) , Bojan Antonijević ( bass guitar ) and Nenad Vuković ( drums ) . On May 16 , 2017 , the band released the single `` Krv heroja '' ( `` Blood of the Heroes '' ) .
Discography
Studio albums
Long Live Rock 'n ' Roll ( 1997 )
Izgubljen u vremenu ( 2000 )
Rocker ( 2002 )
Ruka pravde ( 2004 )
Čuvar tajni ( 2008 )
Igre bez pravila ( 2012 )
Live albums
Best of Live ( 1996–2005 ) ( 2005 )
Video albums
10 godina sa vama - Live SKC ( 2005 )
References
External links
Official website
Kraljevski Apartman at Last.fm
Kraljevski Apartman at Encyclopaedia Metallum
Serbian hard rock musical groups
Serbian heavy metal musical groups
Musical groups from Belgrade
Musical groups established in 1995
Frankie Donnelly was a Gaelic footballer , who was part of Tyrone 's breakthrough era in the mid-fifties , claiming two Ulster Championships in a row , with Donnelly being Ulster 's top scorer in both those years . Their prolific scoring has passed into legend , and holds the record for the highest individual scoring tally in an inter-county match , with 4–11 against Fermanagh in the 1957 Dr Lagan Cup .
Their contribution to their club , Carrickmore St Colmcille 's , is also gargantuan , having played for them for twenty four years , during which time they secured four Tyrone Senior Football Championship titles .
Their name is now mentioned in the same light as more recent Tyrone players who have won All Star Awards ( Donnelly played before the Star merits were inaugurated ) , such as Peter Canavan , and Frank McGuigan .
They died on 14 March 2007 , leaving behind a wife and four children .
References
1933 births
2007 deaths
Carrickmore St Colmcille 's Gaelic footballers
Tyrone inter-county Gaelic footballers
Dick Sharples ( 7 June 1927 – 19 October 2015 ) was a British TV scriptwriter of British sitcoms . They have also written novels , plays and drama series ( for both television and radio ) .
Life and career
Dick Sharples was born in Manchester . They began their career as a cartoonist and a writer for a Manchester Advertising Agency . One of the agency 's customers was comedian Al Read who ran meat pie company called H. Read and Son . Sharples wrote the tagline `` potatoes and meat , simply heat '' for the company 's fritters .
A chance meeting with a local , jobbing printer called Archie Carmichael led to Sharples writing their first novel whilst still a teenager . The Man Who Rode By Night was a 40,000-word Western , and led to Sharples being paid 21 shillings for every thousand words .
One of Sharples ' first television writing credits was for the 1956 ATV series Joan and Leslie , starring Harry Towb and Noel Dyson . Other early television work included writing episodes of soap opera Compact , drama series The Saint , and Dixon of Dock Green . Early screenplays included collaborating with Gerald Kelsey ( one of the Joan and Leslie co-writers ) on the 1961 comedy film The Golden Rabbit which starred Willoughby Goddard .
Up to now , Sharples had concentrated on delivering scripts for other peoples ' series . This was , however , soon to change . In 1969 Sharples wrote a one-off comedy episode called In Loving Memory . Broadcast on 4 November 1969 , the story was based in a rural Yorkshire undertakers . It starred Edward Chapman as Jeremiah Unsworth , and Marjorie Rhodes as their wife Ivy . Also cast was Christopher Beeny as Ivy 's slightly silly nephew . Almost ten years later , the Unsworths returned to television in a seven part series . Christopher Beeny returned to the role of nephew Billy , but the other roles were re-cast . Thora Hird took on the role of Ivy , whilst Freddie Jones played Jeremiah . The first episode of the series was broadcast on 21 May 1979 and ran for five series , the final episode being broadcast on 27 March 1986 . In the long gap between the pilot and the first series , Sharples worked on many other series , including a four-year stint as script editor on the UK version of General Hospital .
Sharples had proved themselves as a writer who could carry a long-running series , so it was inevitable that further shows would follow . In 1981 , Sharples penned another Thora Hird comedy vehicle called Hallelujah ! . Running for two series , it was set in a Northern branch of the Salvation Army and co-starred Patsy Rowlands .
With In Loving Memory coming to an end , Sharples turned to writing Farrington of the F.O. , a sitcom starring Angela Thorne as the eponymous Farrington . Set in a British consulate in an unidentified Latin American country , the series co-starred Joan Sims who had made several guest appearances for Sharples in In Loving Memory . For the second series , the title was modified to simply Farrington , and the show came to an end after 14 episodes . On 19 October 2015 , they died at the age of 88 .
Later career
After writing a 1990 episode of the Thames Television series The Bill , Sharples was contacted by Belgische Radio en Televisie about their proposed re-make of In Loving Memory . Renamed R.I.P. , many episodes followed the original Sharples storylines , and the series ran from 1992 to 1994 .
Also in 1990 , Sharples published another novel Soap in the Afternoon : The Secret Life of Angie St. Clair , Night Nurse Extraordinary , followed by Getting Even : The Biggest Heist in History in 2007 , which is hoped to be made into a major movie . Sharples has written other novels , `` Idunno Jenkins and the River of No return '' , and `` Village in Aspic '' ( Both were published as ebooks in 2012 ) , along with the autobiographical `` I Found the Time '' and `` Situation Tragedy '' ( Both from 2012 ) . All their books are now available as ebooks on Amazon and willowebooks .
Selected TV writing credits
Joan and Leslie ( 1956 )
All Aboard ( 1958 )
No Hiding Place ( 1960 )
Compact ( 1962 )
The Saint ( 1962 )
United ! ( 1965 )
Adam Adamant Lives ! ( 1966–67 )
Dr. Finlay 's Casebook ( 1965–69 )
Joan and Leslie ( 1969 )
Never Mind the Quality , Feel the Width ( 1971 )
In Loving Memory ( 1969 , 1979–86 )
The Nesbitts Are Coming ( 1980 )
Hallelujah ! ( 1983–84 )
Farrington of the F.O . ( 1986–87 )
The Bill ( 1990 )
Selected radio writing credit
Dr Finlay 's Casebook ( 1970–2 )
Selected film writing credits
The Golden Rabbit ( 1961 )
George and Mildred ( 1980 )
Unmade television script
Doctor Who : The Prison in Space , aka The Amazons ( late 1960s ) NB This script was made into a non-full-cast radio drama by Big Finish Productions in 2011 .
References
External links
Document including short interview with Sharples
Wikipedia article on unmade Doctor Who stories
Obituary
English television writers
2015 deaths
1927 births
Cylin Busby is an author and screenwriter , known for the best-selling true crime memoir , The Year We Disappeared , written with their father John Busby .
Early life
Born the youngest of three children ( she has two older brothers , Eric Busby and Shawn Busby ) , Cylin grew up in Falmouth on Cape Cod , Massachusetts . In 1979 , their police officer father , John Busby , was seriously injured in a shooting . During the resulting investigation , the family was relocated and lived in hiding for five years . Cylin and John co-wrote a memoir about the experience which went on to become the best seller , placing at # 3 on the nonfiction lists for The Wall Street Journal and Publishers Weekly . The book also earned # 1 best seller placement on Amazon 's nonfiction list . Their memoir was featured in 2009 on the CBS television program 48 Hours in an episode titled Live to Tell : The Year We Disappeared and was optioned for a motion picture in 2014 .
Education and career
Cylin graduated from Hampshire College ( B.A. ) . Them publishing career began at Random House . They would later work at HarperCollins and Simon & Schuster as a children 's book editor . In 2000 , they relocated to Los Angeles where they began working as the Senior Editor of Teen Magazine . They have written more than 20 books for young readers and is published in 15 countries .
Personal
Cylin lives in Los Angeles with their family . Them the latest novel is the YA thriller , The Stranger Game . HarperCollins announced the publication of their next picture book , The White House Cat , for January 2022 .
Awards and recognition
For The Year We Disappeared
Publishers Weekly Best Book of 2008
An IndieBound Next Pick
Cybils Award , Nonfiction , 2008
Georgia Peach Book Award For Teen Readers Nominee
IRA/CC Young Adults ' Choice
Texas Taysha Reading List ( 2010 )
Iowa High School Book Award ( 2011 )
For Blink Once
Junior Library Guild Selection
Scholastic Catalog Selection
Nominated and Finalist : Isinglass Book Award , 2014
Nominated and Finalist : Grand Canyon Reader Award , 2014
Published in : US , United Kingdom , Australia , New Zealand , Czech Republic , Germany .
For The Nine Lives of Jacob Tibbs
Starred review , Booklist
Starred review , School Library Journal
Amazon `` Best Book of the Month '' February 2016
For The Stranger Game
Junior Library Guild Selection
Rights sold in : US , United Kingdom , Turkey , Spain , France
Works
Fiction
The Chicken Fried Rat ( 1999 )
Blink Once ( 2012 )
The Nine Lives of Jacob Tibbs ( 2016 )
The Stranger Game ( 2016 )
Nonfiction
Getting Dumped…and Getting Over It ( 2001 )
Pajama Party Undercover ( 2003 )
Dream Journey ( 2003 )
Picture Book
The Bookstore Cat ( 2020 ) Illustrations by Charles Santoso
The White House Cat ( 2022 ) Illustrations by Neely Daggett
Memoir
The Year We Disappeared : A Father-Daughter Memoir , John and Cylin Busby ( 2008 ) .
Series
Date Him or Dump Him ? ( 2007 )
The Campfire Crush
The Dance Dilemma
Ski Trip Trouble
Anthology
First Kiss , Then Tell ( 2008 )
Short Story
The Homestake Project ( 2020 ) The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction
Audio book
The Year We Disappeared , John and Cylin Busby , ( 2012 )
The Stranger Game ( 2016 )
Film and television
48 Hours `` Live to Tell : The Year We Disappeared '' ( airdate : 2/14/09 )
Optioned : The Year We Disappeared ( limited series )
In development : The Stranger Game ( TV series )
Screenplay : Rebecca and Quinn Get Scared ( with Nanci Katz )
Sold to New Line Cinema . Trish Sie attached to direct . Donald DeLine producing .
Austin Film Festival Finalist ( Comedy ) , Semifinalist ( Horror ) , 2017
Script Pipeline Screenplay competition , 2017
BlueCat Screenplay competition , 2017
Screenplay : Extremophile ( sci-fi/horror )
Finalist , The Writers Lab , 2021 .
Screenplay : `` A Tale of Two Christmases '' ( written with Nanci Katz ) ( Crown Media/Hallmark )
2022 ( premiere 11/26/22 on Hallmark Channel )
Screenplay : `` Untitled Horror Comedy ''
2022
References
External links
Living people
American children 's writers
American magazine editors
Hampshire College alumni
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Year of birth missing ( living people )
This article lists notable unsolved problems in biology .
General biology
Evolution and origins of life
Origin of life . Exactly how and when did life on Earth originate ? Which , if any , of the many hypotheses is correct ? What were the metabolic pathways used by the earliest life forms ?
Origins of viruses . Exactly how and when did different groups of viruses originate ?
Homosexuality . What is the evolutionary origin of homosexuality ?
Development and evolution of brain . How and why did the brain evolve ? What are the molecular determinants of individual brain development ?
Origin of Eukaryotes ( Symbiogenesis ) . How and why did cells combine to form the eukaryotic cell ? Did one or more random events lead to the first eukaryotic cells , or can the formation of eukaryotic cells be explained by physical and biological principles ? How did the mitochondria 's mitosis cycle come in sync with its host cell ? Did the mitochondria or the nucleus develop first in eukaryotes ?
Last Universal Common Ancestor . What were the characteristics of the Last Universal Common Ancestor of Archaea , Bacteria , and Eukaryotes ? Did Archaea and Eukaryotes evolve out of the domain Bacteria or to a clade basal to it ? Do Archaea and Eukaryotes share a later or earlier common ancestor to Bacteria ?
Biochemistry and cell biology
What do all the unknown proteins do ? Almost two decades since the first eukaryotes were sequenced , the `` biological role '' of around 20 % of proteins are still unknown . Many of these proteins are conserved across most eukaryotic species and some are conserved in bacteria , indicating a role fundamental for life .
Determinants of cell size . How do cells determine what size to grow to before dividing ?
Golgi apparatus . In cell theory , what is the exact transport mechanism by which proteins travel through the Golgi apparatus ?
Mechanism of action of drugs . The mechanisms of action of many drugs including lithium , thalidomide and ketamine are not completely understood .
Protein folding . What is the folding code ? What is the folding mechanism ? Can we predict the native structure of a protein from its amino acid sequence ? Is it possible to predict the secondary , tertiary and quaternary structure of a polypeptide sequence based solely on the sequence and environmental information ? Inverse protein-folding problem : Is it possible to design a polypeptide sequence which will adopt a given structure under certain environmental conditions ? This was achieved for several small globular proteins in 2008 . In 2020 , it was announced that Google 's AlphaFold , a neural network based on DeepMind artificial intelligence , is capable of predicting a protein 's final shape based solely on its amino-acid chain with an accuracy of around 90 % on a test sample of proteins used by the team .
Enzyme kinetics : Why do some enzymes exhibit faster-than-diffusion kinetics ?
RNA folding problem : Is it possible to accurately predict the secondary , tertiary and quaternary structure of a polyribonucleic acid sequence based on its sequence and environment ?
Protein design : Is it possible to design highly active enzymes de novo for any desired reaction ?
Biosynthesis : Can desire molecules , natural products or otherwise , be produced in high yield through biosynthetic pathway manipulation ?
What is the mechanism of allosteric transitions of proteins ? The concerted and sequential models have been hypothesised but neither has been verified .
What are the endogenous ligands of orphan receptors ?
What substance is endothelium-derived hyperpolarizing factor ?
Other
Why does biological aging occur ? There are a number of hypotheses as to why senescence occurs including those that it is programmed by gene expression changes and that it is the accumulative damage of biological processes , but these lack explanatory power .
How do organs grow to the correct shape and size ? How are the final shape and size of organs so reliably formed ? These processes are in part controlled by the Hippo signaling pathway .
Can developing biological systems tell the time ? To an extent , this appears to be the case , as shown by the CLOCK gene .
Star jelly . A complete explanation about its origins is still lacking .
Forest rings . The origin of forest rings is not known , despite several mechanisms for their creation having been proposed . Such hypotheses include radially growing fungus , buried kimberlite pipes , trapped gas pockets , and meteorite impact craters .
Human biology
Handedness : It is unclear how handedness develops , what purpose it serves , why right-handedness is far more common , and why left-handedness exists .
Laughter : While it is generally accepted that laughing evolved as a form of social communication , the exact neurobiological process that leads humans to laugh is not well understood .
Yawning : It is yet to be established what the biological or social purpose of yawning is .
Heritable components of homosexuality : How to reconcile evolution with the heritable components of human homosexuality ? Homosexuality is prevalent across human societies , past and present , and is currently responsible for reduced fecundity . These facts constitute an evolutionary puzzle .
Decline in male sperm counts : It is unclear what is causing the steady decline of sperm counts worldwide since the twentieth century .
Decline in average human body temperature since the 19th century : Medical data suggests that the average body temperature has declined 0.6 °C since the 19th century . The cause is unclear although it has been suggested that it has some relation with reduced inflammation from reduced exposure to microorganisms .
Why are there blood types ? It is unclear what the origin and purpose of having blood types is . It is thought that O blood may be an adaptation to malaria and that different blood types respond to different diseases but this hypothesis has yet to be proven . Why did these antigens develop in the first place ? What accounts for the differences in blood type ? How ancient are the differences in blood types ? What accounts for the large number of rare non ABO blood types ? What role do blood types have in fighting disease ?
Photic sneeze effect : What causes the photic sneeze effect ? Why is it so common yet not universal ?
Human sex pheromones : There is contradictory evidence on the existence of human pheromones . Do they actually exist , and if so , how do they affect behavior ?
Existence of the Grafenberg spot ( G-spot ) : Does the G-spot actually exist ? If so is it present in all women ? What exactly is it ?
Neuroscience and cognition
Neurophysiology
Cognition and psychology
Non-human biology
Ecology , evolution , and paleontology
Unsolved problems relating to the interactions between organisms and their distribution in the environment include :
Paradox of the plankton . The high diversity of phytoplankton seems to violate the competitive exclusion principle .
Cambrian explosion . What is the cause of the apparent rapid diversification of multicellular animal life around the beginning of the Cambrian , resulting in the emergence of almost all modern animal phyla ?
Darwin 's abominable mystery of botany/plants . What is the exact evolutionary history of flowers and what is the cause of the apparently sudden appearance of nearly modern flowers in the fossil record ?
Adult form of Facetotecta . The adult form of this animal has never been encountered in the water , and it remains a mystery what it grows into .
Origin of snakes . Did snake evolve from burrowing lizards or aquatic lizards ? There is evidence for both hypotheses .
Origin of turtles . Did turtle evolve from anapsids or diapsids ? There is evidence for both hypotheses .
Ediacaran biota . How should Ediacaran biota be classified ? Even what kingdom they belong to is unclear . Why were they so decisively displaced by Cambrian biota ?
Ethology
Unsolved problems relating to the behaviour of animals include :
Homing . A satisfactory explanation for the neurobiological mechanisms that allow homing in animals has yet to be found .
Flocking ( behavior ) . How flocks of birds and bats coordinate their movements so quickly is not fully understood . Nor is the purpose of large flocks like those of starlings which seem to invite predators rather than protect them .
Butterfly migration . How do the descendants of monarch butterfly all over Canada and the US eventually , after migrating for several generations , manage to return to a few relatively small overwintering spots ?
Blue whale . There is not much data on the sexuality of the blue whale .
Gall wasp . It is largely unknown how gall wasps induce gall formation in plants ; chemical , mechanical , and viral triggers have been discussed .
Non-human organs and biomolecules
Unsolved problems relating to the structure and function of non-human organs , processes and biomolecules include :
Alkaloids . The function of these substances in living organisms which produce them is not known
Korarchaeota ( archaea ) . The metabolic processes of this phylum of archaea are so far unclear .
Glycogen body . The function of this structure in the spinal cord of birds is not known .
Arthropod head problem . A long-standing zoological dispute concerning the segmental composition of the heads of the various arthropod groups , and how they are evolutionarily related to each other .
Ovaries of basking sharks . Only the right ovary in female basking sharks appears to function . The reason is unknown .
Brightly colored bird eggs . It is unknown what evolutionary process would lead birds to having brightly colored eggs given the increased visibility to predators .
Stegosaur osteoderms/scutes . There is a long-standing debate over whether the primary function of the osteoderms/scutes of stegosaurs is protection from predators , sexual display , species recognition , thermoregulation , or other functions .
Artificial life
Unsolved problems in artificial life include :
How does life arise from the nonliving ?
What are the potentials and limits of living systems ?
How is life related to mind , machines , and culture ?
See also
List of unsolved problems in neuroscience
References
Biology-related lists
Biology
Samuel Napier ( 28 July 1883–unknown ) was an Irish footballer who played in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers and Glossop .
References
1883 births
Irish association footballers ( before 1923 )
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Glentoran F.C . players
Bolton Wanderers F.C . players
Glossop North End A.F.C . players
Linfield F.C . players
Association footballers from Belfast
Year of death missing
`` Lake by the Ocean '' is a song recorded by American R & B singer Maxwell , for their fifth studio album , blackSUMMERS'night ( 2016 ) .
Written and produced by MUSZE ( Maxwell ) and Hod David , the single was released April 7 , 2016 by Columbia Records as the first single from the album . Maxwell debuted the song , alongside `` Rose '' , on February 14 , 2016 at the Barclays Center . `` Lake by the Ocean '' won the Grammy Award for Best R & B Song at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards .
Background and composition
After a seven-year hiatus , including delayed release dates and cancelled tours due to a medical issue , Maxwell 's first single from the second installment of their trilogy BLACKSUMMERS'NIGHT was released April 8 , 2016 . `` Lake By the Ocean '' is a song released after being described as `` several years '' in the making . The artist expressed , with regards to the single 's delayed release , that people did not have ill feelings towards him . Additionally , Maxwell shared that the song 's original composition was `` much slower '' and that they wanted people to know that the songs that they wrote and recorded were of their `` real life '' , in an interview with Kevin O'Donnell for Entertainment Weekly .
Reception
`` Lake by the Ocean '' has been reviewed positively by music critics . Ryan Reed of Rolling Stone praised Maxwell 's `` crooning '' ability , usage of a `` sweet falsetto '' during the song 's bridge and additionally , applauded Maxwell 's layered harmonies . The same magazine named `` Lake by the Ocean '' one of the 30 best songs of the first half of 2016 : `` After a seven-year hiatus , Maxwell returned with a song that turned smooth romance and sweet nothings into a Bob Ross painting , lyrically manifesting landscapes to reflect the cleansing of a relationship . In the end , they created the year 's most mature love song . '' Brittany Williams of The Arkansas Traveler noted that `` Maxwell relishes in refined youthful aesthetics ... with punchy vocals and non-traditional phrasing '' . Additionally , their `` straightforward , soulful vocals '' were described as `` the cherry and sprinkles on the eclectic sundae '' . Splashes of falsetto and quick pauses add that extra flavor to “ Lake by the Ocean. ” The single has reached number 50 on the US Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and debuted on component charts of the US Hot R & B/Hip-Hop Songs at number 16 on the US R & B Songs chart and has peaked at number five on the US Adult R & B chart .
Music video
Shot on location in Haiti , the music video for `` Lake by the Ocean '' was released on May 26 , 2016 . The music video was directed by Philip Andelman , who worked with Maxwell to visually depict a world `` in need of water '' where `` two clandestine lovers meet with liquid dreams ; one being the bare-boned need for clean water , and another , the performer , who wants to be lost in the watery worlds of love and devotion . ''
Live performances
On May 4 , 2016 , in promotion of `` Lake by the Ocean '' , Maxwell performed a live version of the single on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert . In support of the second installment of their BLACKSUMMERS'NIGHT trilogy , the artist announced a 30 date tour across North America and Asia .
Charts
References
External links
www.musze.com
2016 singles
Maxwell ( musician ) songs
Songs written by Maxwell ( musician )
2016 songs
Columbia Records singles
Music videos directed by Philip Andelman
The 1984–85 LEN European Cup was the 22nd edition of LEN 's premier competition for men 's water polo clubs .
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Semi-finals
Finals
See also
1984–85 LEN Cup Winners ' Cup
LEN Champions League seasons
1984 in water polo
1985 in water polo
Mysterious Song is a 2000 freeware role-playing video game originally developed and distributed by Darkness Ethereal for MS-DOS . Taking place in the land of Toren , the player assume the role of Spear , a young trainee knight who is tasked by King Algameth IX to investigate the insurgence of monsters that are appearing in the kingdom .
Designed by Matt `` DarkDread '' Zuchowski using QuickBASIC with additional help of other Darkness Ethereal members , Mysterious Song was developed over the course of three months between 1999 and 2000 . The game was first released for DOS and was later distributed across websites such as CNET 's Download.com and ZDNet , before being remade for the TurboGrafx-CD by homebrew developer Frozen Utopia . The title garnered positive reception from reviewers , who compared it with Dragon Warrior and Final Fantasy ; praise was given to the battle system , presentation and music but other felt mixed in regards to the gameplay and some criticized certain aspects . An updated `` DX '' version was in development by Darkness Ethereal but never released , while a TurboGrafx-CD sequel is in development by Eponasoft .
Gameplay
Mysterious Song is a role-playing game reminiscent of Dragon Warrior and Final Fantasy , where the player assumes the role of Spear , who is tasked by King Algameth IX of the Toren kingdom to investigate the sudden insurgence of monsters in the land . The game has two modes ; In `` Original '' mode , the number of experience points required to level up is higher , while `` Balanced '' mode lowers the amount of experience required to level up characters . Before starting the game , the player is presented with a menu which allows them to begin a new quest ( a game ) , continue a previous quest . In the original DOS version , the player had the option to change the scrolling speed , while three different languages settings are available to choose before the title in the TurboGrafx-CD remake .
The player controls the protagonist and their companions in the game 's two-dimensional fictional world that consists of various locations ranging from towns to dungeons , which are depicted as scaled-down maps where the player can converse with locals to obtain items and services , solve puzzles and challenges . Enemies ambush the party with random encounters on the field map or dungeons and initiates a battle that occurs directly on a separate battle screen .
Combat is menu-based : the player selects an action from a list of options such as Attack , Magic , Item and Run . The player and enemies can use physical or magical attacks to wound their respective targets during battle encounters , and the player can use items to heal or attempt to flee from battle . Each character and enemy has a number of hit points ( HP ) , which can be reduced with successful attacks that decreases their hit points but it can be restored on the next turn . If the party flees , they will be returned to the map screen but the game is over if every character in the party dies and all unsaved progress will be lost .
Synopsis
Mysterious Song takes place in the kingdom of Toren . The land enjoyed a period of peace and prosperity but the recent appearance of monsters prompted King Algameth IX in sending the young trainee knight Spear to investigate their source of emergence in Toren and seek aid of the knight Tiger in Illus , who is faithful to the crown and follows the orders of Algameth IX . Along the way , Spear and Tiger met the Illus magician Rynna , who joins the party on their investigation .
Characters
Spear – A young knight summoned by King Algameth IX to investigate the emergence of monsters in the land of Toren .
Tiger – A knight of Toren , who is faithful to the King Algameth IX and assists Spear in their mission .
Ryanna – An elite Illus magician who joins Spear and Tiger in the investigation of the emerging monsters .
Grimm – A voice who desires to learn the true motives of Spear .
Development
Mysterious Song was developed by Darkness Ethereal , a game developemt group originally formed in 1996 as Dark Dreams Software by Matt `` DarkDread '' Zuchowski . Zuchowski and other independent outlets stated that they and Darkness Ethereal worked on the project for three months between 1999 and 2000 using QuickBASIC with help from other members , in addition of acting as composer of the soundtrack .
The TurboGrafx-CD remake of Mysterious Song began development in 2005 by homebrew developer Frozen Utopia over the course of several years , with David Lee `` Nödtveidt '' Perry and `` Tom '' serving as co-programmers , and was first slated for a March 2010 release but its launch kept being postponed due to various issues until its development was completed in 2012 . Illustrator `` RMC '' created the artwork and Justin `` Black Tiger '' Cheer was responsible for the cinematics and battle graphics . `` Kaminari '' and `` Armen '' , as well as three additional members wrote the French and Spanish translations respectively . Paul Weller , a member of Aehterbythe Studios , aided in its development as an artist drawing backgrounds for cutscenes .
Release
Mysterious Song was first released by Darkness Ethereal for MS-DOS as freeware at their official website on March 9 , 2000 . The game was later distributed on websites such as CNET 's Download.com , ZDNet and RPGDX , in addition of being included as part of the CD-appendix MB 2002 : Huvi-ja Hyötyromppu bundled with a 2002 issue of Finnish computer magazine MikroBitti .
On August 27 , 2012 , the TurboGrafx-CD remake of Mysterious Song was published by Frozen Utopia as a limited run of 500 copies . The remake features redrawn visuals , voice-acted cutscenes , CD music and a `` EX '' game mode with a new storyline and gameplay elements . In 2015 , a second run of the TurboGrafx-CD remake limited to 500 copies were also published by Frozen Utopia . Prior to launch , the TurboGrafx-CD remake was showcased at a convention by Aetherbyte Studios member Andrew Darovich , where it was well received by attendees . Conversions for the Atari Jaguar , Ouya and Xbox 360 were planned by Eponasoft but ultimately abandoned . Between 2014 and 2015 , Piko Interactive announced on their official page that Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Genesis ports were in development .
Reception
Mysterious Song was met with positive reception since its release on MS-DOS . According to online magazine QB On Acid , the game was downloaded 500 times per day on CNET . Maximiliano Baldo of Argentinian website Malditos Nerds ranked the TurboGrafx-CD remake as number ten on their top ten of games released for discontinued consoles .
Matthew R. Knight of QB Cult Magazine praised the battle system , visuals presentation , difficulty curve and sound . Terry Cavanagh of QB Gamer also praised the graphics , music , replay value , difficulty and plot but stated that the Dragon Warrior-like gameplay was its weakest aspect . Gianfranco Berardi of GBGames noted similarities with Final Fantasy and Dragon Warrior but gave positive remarks to the visual presentation and music but criticized several aspects .
`` Jybbe '' of Wasted Oldies also drew comparison with both Final Fantasy and Dragon Warrior , but praised the easy-to-learn gameplay and soundtrack but criticized the plot for being linear . Home of the Underdogs regarded it as one of the `` better freeware `` indie '' RPGs ever made . '' Vance Velez of V Planet ! commended the graphics , sound design , gameplay , plot , replay value , challenge and fun factor . V Planet ! also gave several awards to Mysterious Song in 2001 and 2002 .
Legacy
In a 2001 interview , Matt `` DarkDread '' Zuchowski stated that they were working on a updated version titled Mysterious Song DX but it was never released . In 2013 , Eponasoft announced a sequel for TurboGrafx-CD titled Mysterious Song II : Eternal Silence but development remained on hold due to Lee Perry working on another project at the time called FX-Unit Yuki : The Henshin Engine .
References
External links
Mysterious Song at GameFAQs
Mysterious Song at MobyGames
2000 video games
Cancelled Atari Jaguar games
Cancelled Ouya games
Cancelled Xbox 360 games
DOS games
Fantasy video games
Freeware games
Homebrew software
Role-playing video games
Single-player video games
TurboGrafx-CD games
Video games developed in the United States
Samaneh Sheshpari ( , born 1 September 1987 ) is a retired Iranian taekwondo practitioner . In 2010 , they won one of the bronze medals in the women 's 53 kg event at the 2010 Asian Games held in Guangzhou , China . In 2014 , they competed in the women 's 57 kg event at the 2014 Asian Games held in Incheon , South Korea without winning a medal .
They won the silver medal in the women 's 53 kg event at the Asian Taekwondo Championships both in 2010 and in 2012 . In 2013 , they won the silver medal in this event at the 2013 Islamic Solidarity Games in Palembang , Indonesia .
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
Sportspeople from Tehran
Iranian female taekwondo practitioners
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2010 Asian Games
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in taekwondo
Islamic Solidarity Games competitors for Iran
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in taekwondo
St Ola is a parish on Mainland , Orkney . It is in the centre of the island , east of the parish Firth and north of Holm . It contains the capital and largest town of the Orkney archipelago , Kirkwall . Both Kirkwall ( , church-bay ) and St Ola may take their name from the church of St. Olaf , built about 1035 on the north bank of the Willow burn , which stands just below the local primary school .
Highland Park , the most northerly Scotch whisky distillery , is on the outskirts of Kirkwall .
Several ships of the North of Scotland , Orkney & Shetland Steam Navigation Company ( later P & O Scottish Ferries ) were named St Ola .
Prof John Tait was born here in 1878 .
References
Parishes of Orkney
Kirkwall
The northern slaty antshrike ( Thamnophilus punctatus ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae . It previously included the Natterer 's slaty antshrike , Bolivian slaty antshrike , Planalto slaty antshrike and Sooretama slaty antshrike as subspecies , in which case the combined species simply was referred to as the slaty antshrike .
The northern slaty antshrike is found in north-eastern South America in Brazil , Venezuela and the Guianas . In Brazil , it occurs in the northeast quadrant of the Amazon Basin , ( with the Guianas ) , and from the Brazilian state of Roraima in the west , to the states of Pará , and Amapá on the Atlantic at the Amazon River outlet . The species occurs only north of the Amazon . A disjunct population exists along the eastern slope of the Andes in Colombia and Venezuela , while two other populations exist in the drainage of the Huallaga and the Marañón River in northern Peru and far southern Ecuador . The populations in Peru and Ecuador are sometimes considered a separate species , the Marañón or Peruvian slaty antshrike ( Thamnophilus leucogaster ) , in which case the common name of the remaining species often is modified to eastern or Guianan slaty antshrike .
It occurs at low levels in forest ( generally avoids interior of dense humid forest ) and woodland .
References
External links
Photo-Medium Res ; Article ib.usp.br— '' Thamnophilidae ''
northern slaty antshrike
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
northern slaty antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Unwinding Hours were a Scottish alternative rock band formed in 2008 by former Aereogramme members Craig B. and Iain Cook . The band released their self-titled debut album on 15 February 2010 and Afterlives in 2012 , as well as several tour/live EPs .
The duo announced their project in August 2009 with the following statement : `` We used to play in a band called Aereogramme . That may or may not matter to you . Just thought I 'd mention it '' .
History
Regarding the band 's origins , vocalist Craig B. stated that :
In August 2009 , the band set up a Myspace account featuring a demo track , `` Solstice '' , and a blog entry which read :
The band made their live debut at Celtic Connections 2010 , performing at Chemikal Underground 's `` 15th Anniversary '' concert . They played their first headlining show to a sold-out crowd in Stereo , Glasgow , on 5 March , opening with the words `` We are The Unwinding Hours . And we 're going to start with the end '' , before playing the closing track from their debut album . For some of their gigs , the base duo of The Unwinding Hours added musicians Graeme Smillie ( guitar ) , Brendan Smith ( keyboards ) and Jonny Scott ( drums ) .
The band has not been active since 2013 , with Iain Cook focusing on Chvrches and Craig B. releasing solo material as A Mote of Dust .
Discography
The Unwinding Hours ( 2010 )
Afterlives ( 2012 )
References
External links
The Unwinding Hours at MySpace
Musical groups established in 2008
Musical groups disestablished in 2013
Scottish indie rock groups
Musical groups from Glasgow
Chemikal Underground artists
The Inca wren ( Pheugopedius eisenmanni ) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae . It is endemic to Peru .
Taxonomy and systematics
The Inca wren is monotypic .
Curiously , this species was not detected by professionals until the 1960s and not described until 1985 , though it is regularly encountered at Machu Picchu .
Description
The Inca wren is long ; males weigh and females . The adult male has a dull black crown and nape , a broad white supercilium , and a black and white streaked face . Its shoulders , back , and rump are bright russet and the tail is russet with dusky bars . Its throat is white and the breast and belly are white with bold black streaks . Its flanks are dull yellowish brown . The adult female 's crown is charcoal gray , its underparts ' streaking is only on the breast , and the tail is less barred than the male 's . The juvenile is duller overall , with a brown crown and unstreaked light grayish brown underparts .
Distribution and habitat
The Inca wren is found only in a small area of Peru 's Department of Cuzco , on the east side of the Andes at elevations between . It inhabits the under and middle stories of humid montane forest and its edges . It especially favors dense stands of Chusquea bamboo .
Behavior
Feeding
The Inca wren is known to be insectivorous though details of its diet have been little reported . It forages near the ground in bamboo and other dense foliage , usually in pairs but also in groups of up to six individuals . It seldom joins mixed-species foraging flocks .
Breeding
Almost nothing is known about the Inca wren 's breeding phenology . Fledglings have been observed in May .
Vocalization
Male and female Inca wrens sing duets , `` a rich , varied , warbled series of whistled phrases '' . One call is `` a rich tchp or tchp-er , sometimes in chattered series '' .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Inca wren as being of The Least Concern . Though it has a small range , its population is believed to be increasing . `` Given that this species occupies disturbed habitats , it may even benefit , locally , from human activities , such as a low level of clearing for subsistence agriculture and road construction . ''
References
Inca wren
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
Inca wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dennis Hughes may refer to :
Dennis Hughes ( American football ) ( born 1948 ) , American football player
Dennis Hughes ( footballer ) ( 1931–1990 ) , English footballer
Dennis Hughes ( rugby union ) ( born 1941 ) , former Welsh rugby union international player
Dennis Hughes ( snooker player ) , English snooker player
Sjoerd Cornelis Clemens Maria Potters ( born 14 February 1974 in Tilburg ) is a Dutch politician . As a member of the People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie ) they were an MP between 8 November 2012 and 23 March 2017 . Previously they were an alderman of Waalwijk from 2010 to 2012 .
Since April 2017 , they have been mayor of De Bilt .
References
1972 births
Living people
Aldermen in North Brabant
Mayors in Utrecht ( province )
Members of the House of Representatives ( Netherlands )
People from Tilburg
People from Waalwijk
People 's Party for Freedom and Democracy politicians
21st-century Dutch politicians
LGBT mayors of places in the Netherlands
LGBT members of the Parliament of the Netherlands
Gay politicians
Smoking in Japan is practiced by around 20,000,000 people , and the nation is one of the world 's largest tobacco markets , though tobacco use has been declining in recent years .
As of 2019 , the Japanese adult smoking rate was 16.7 % . By gender , 27.1 % of men and 7.6 % of women consumed a tobacco product at least once a month . This is the lowest recorded figure since the Ministry of Health , Labour and Welfare or Japan Tobacco began surveying in 1965 .
Per capita consumption in 2016 was 1,583 cigarettes , roughly 45 % of the peak consumption of 3,497 in 1977 .
History
Until 1985 , the tobacco industry was a government-run monopoly ; the government of Japan is still involved in the industry through the Ministry of Finance , which after a sell-off in March 2013 , now owns only one-third of Japan Tobacco 's outstanding stock , and the Ministry of Health , Labour and Welfare , which is active in public health and other tobacco control policymaking .
The Ministry of Finance as well as many MPs of Diet of Japan have interests in the tobacco industry and thus tobacco control legislation is lenient , according to the anti-smoking lobby .
Smoking age
Since 1876 , the smoking age in Japan has been 20 . Although the age of majority was lowered from 20 to 18 in 2022 , the smoking age will remain at 20 .
Pricing
The price of a particular brand of cigarettes in Japan is set by manufacturers and approved by the Ministry of Finance . A particular brand of cigarettes costs the same across all vendors , from cigarette machines to big supermarkets to corner shops and bulk purchases are not discounted . As of August 2020 , the price of a typical pack of cigarettes ranged from ¥400 to ¥530 . Proposed tobacco tax hike in October 2020 will increase the price range to ¥450 to ¥570 for typical brands .
Smoking bans
Unlike in many countries , Japan traditionally had outdoor smoking regulations with more lenient indoor smoking regulations . Outdoor smoking is frowned upon on public streets and local governments typically have bylaws banning smoking on busy public streets .
Except for the fire codes , indoor smoking for private businesses was unregulated until 2019 . The general consensus was that the local governments have jurisdiction over smoking in public outdoor spaces , but not within private properties including commercial spaces where businesses are conducted .
In June 2018 , the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly approved indoor smoking regulations targeting commercial spaces in Tokyo and to reduce passive smoking prior to hosting the 2019 Rugby World Cup , 2020 Summer Olympics and Paralympics Games .
In July 2018 , the National Diet , passed an amendment that bans smoking in public facilities for the first time in the nation 's history . The ban was rolled out in stages and fully enforced since April 2020 . It makes smoking illegal in public institutions ( schools , hospitals , municipal offices etc . ) except in special smoking spaces . Restaurants and bars have a ban on indoor smoking except well-ventilated rooms , where drinking or eating is not allowed . However , small pubs like Izakaya are exempted . Establishments with a ¥50 million capitalization or lower and up to 100 m2 floor space can allow smoking if they put up a warning sign .
Indoor smoking ban
Mandatory indoor smoking bans apply to school , childcare , hospitals , clinics and government administrative buildings throughout Japan . More lenient smoking restrictions apply to other buildings such as workplaces , food establishments and judicial buildings , where indoor smoking is not allowed but a designated smoking room may be constructed , provided access by minors is restricted and no food or drink is served inside . The indoor smoking ban does not apply to smoking clubs or grandfathered food establishments smaller than 100m2 , provided no minors are allowed to enter the premises .
Local governments in Japan have the power to enact stricter smoking bylaws . Some prefectures such as Tokyo , Kanagawa and Hyogo have stricter indoor smoking bylaws , although designated indoor smoking areas are typically allowed .
Outdoor smoking ban
Many of the wealthier wards of Tokyo , such as Shinjuku and Shibuya , are applying various kinds of outdoor anti-smoking bylaws . They have designated special outdoor smoking sections in areas and it is punishable by fine if caught smoking outside these areas . Chiyoda-ku banned smoking while walking on busy streets from November 2002 , the first local government in Japan to do so .
Starting in 2007 , Kyoto began designating certain city streets as non-smoking areas , and have since then been increasing the number of streets designated as such . In a 2010 report , Kyoto Prefecture stated that the major goal of their anti-smoking policies is `` to ensure that there is zero chance for people to suffer from second-hand smoke in Kyoto prefecture . ''
Japanese women and smoking
While a high percentage of men in Japan have smoked throughout in the postwar years , the rate for women for many years hovered between 10 and 15 % , followed there too by a decline in recent years to be floating currently a little below 10 % .
In the mid-1990s , the number of younger female smokers in particular had risen substantially . Smoking has since declined among this group as well , but that cohort of women still smokes at a higher rate than their elders . `` The manufacturers were very successful in providing cool images to the consumers , '' says Ministry of Health and Welfare technical officer Yumiko Mochizuki , when asked to explain the steady rise in female smokers . `` Until recently , the Ministry of Health and Welfare had an understanding that smoking was entirely up to the individual . ''
The government 's advertising ban based on the `` motherhood '' argument was watertight until the tobacco industry was privatized in 1985 . Advertising that encourages women to smoke is forbidden in Japan under a voluntary industry agreement . The industry group pledged to voluntarily honor the advertising ban and is charged with enforcing it . United States maker Brown & Williamson sells Capri cigarettes in Japan in slim white boxes with a flower-like design on the cover . R.J. Reynolds ' Tokyo billboards for Salem 's Pianissimo cigarettes are green-and-pink . Philip Morris advertised its Virginia Slims brand with the slogan `` Be You '' in an ad campaign .
Other factors contribute to the rise in female smokers . Some observers cite stress , saying that more Japanese women are smoking to relax as more enter the workforce . Media influence is also cited , as many women on popular Japanese television dramas smoke .
Cigarette vending machines
Cigarettes can be bought in tobacco stores and at vending machines , and public ashtrays dot sidewalks and train platforms . The number of cigarette vending machines in Japan was estimated at 500,000 in 2002 .
The law prohibits the smoking of cigarettes by persons under the age of twenty .
Taspo is a smart card developed by the Tobacco Institute of Japan , the nationwide association of tobacco retailers , and the Japan Vending Machine Manufacturers Association . Introduced in 2008 , the card is necessary to purchase cigarettes from vending machines .
In 2008 Japan Tobacco commissioned a series of over 70 public service announcement style `` smoking manner '' posters about smoking etiquette . The ads were displayed in a wide variety of formats ranging from placards in the subway to postcards to beverage coasters .
See also
Onshino Tabako
References
External links
「マナーの気づき1」篇 グラフィック広告（イラスト一覧） Japan Tobacco
Health law in Japan
Politics of Japan
Japanese culture
Several ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Argyll after the region of Argyll in Scotland . Them motto is ne obliviscaris ( lest we forget ) .
, a 50-gun fourth-rate ship of the line , launched in 1650 as the 38-gun President , renamed HMS Bonaventure in 1660 , rebuilt four times and renamed HMS Argyll in 1715 . They were sunk in 1748 as a breakwater .
, a armoured cruiser commissioned in 1905 . They ran aground on the Bell Rock at the head of the Firths of Forth and Tay in 1915 .
, a Type 23 Duke-class frigate commissioned in May 1991 . They have been involved in a number of deployments , most successfully during the Sierra Leonean Civil War in 2000 including Operation Barras , and Operation Telic IV in the Persian Gulf from February–August 2005 .
Battle honours
Ships named Argyll have earned the following battle honours :
Passero , 1718
References
Royal Navy ship names
Gražvydas is a Lithuanian masculine given name . Individuals with the name Gražvydas include :
Gražvydas Lukinavičius ( born 1978 ) , Lithuanian biochemist
Gražvydas Mikulėnas ( born 1973 ) , Lithuanian footballer
References
Lithuanian masculine given names
The battle of Anchialus ( ) occurred in 763 , near the town of Pomorie on the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast . The result was a Byzantine victory .
Origins of the conflict
After the success in the battle of the Rishki Pass ( 759 ) the Bulgarian Khan Vinekh showed surprising inaction preferring instead to seek peace , an action which would cost them the throne and their life . The new ruler , Telets , was a firm supporter for further military actions against the Byzantines . With their heavy cavalry they looted the border regions of the Byzantine Empire and on 16 June 763 , Constantine V came out of Constantinople with a large army and a fleet of 800 ships , with 12 cavalrymen on each .
The battle
The energetic Bulgarian Khan barred the mountain passes and took advantageous positions on the heights near Anchialus , but their self-confidence and impatience incited them to go down to the lowlands and charge the enemy . The battle started at 10 in the morning and lasted until sunset . It was long and bloody , but in the end the Byzantines were victorious , although they lost many soldiers , nobles , and commanders . The Bulgarians also had heavy casualties and many were captured , while Telets managed to escape .
Aftermath
Constantine V entered their capital in triumph and then killed the prisoners . The fate of Telets was similar : two years later they were murdered because of the defeat . The Byzantines failed to use the strategic advantage which they had and the prolonged wars in the 8th century ended in 792 at the Marcelae with a Bulgarian victory and reestablishment of the treaty of 718 .
Sources
Nicephorus . Opuscula historia , p. 69-70
760s conflicts
763
8th century in Bulgaria
760s in the Byzantine Empire
Battles involving the First Bulgarian Empire
Battles of the Byzantine–Bulgarian Wars in Thrace
History of Burgas Province
Military history of Bulgaria
Pomorie
Sehra is a female given name , roughly equivalent to Sarah , Sara , Serass .
Sehra may refer to :
Sehra ( poetry ) , a poem or prothalamion sung at a nikah ( Muslim wedding ) in praise of the groom , praying to God for their future wedded life
Sehra ( headdress ) , a headdress worn by the groom during Pakistani , Indian and Bangladeshi weddings
Sehra ( film ) , a 1963 Hindi romantic family drama film
Gupz Sehra ( born 1988 ) , Punjabi music director
The Honor 9 is a smartphone made by Huawei under their Honor sub-brand . It is a successor of the Huawei Honor 8 within the Huawei Honor series of mobile phones .
Specifications
Hardware
The Honor 9 is a flagship smartphone made by Honor , a sub-brand under the Huawei Group , as part of the Huawei Honor series . The phone has a HiSilicon Kirin 960 octa-core processor ( four 2.4 GHz cores and four 1.8 GHz cores ) , a Mali-G71 MP8 GPU , and a 3,200mAh non-removable battery . It measures by by and weighs .
The phone comes with 64 or 128 gigabytes of storage and 4 GB or 6 GB of RAM , depending on the region . It has a display with a pixel resolution of 1920x1080 and pixel density of 428 ppi . The Honor 9 has an 8 MP front-facing camera and its dual rear camera setup consists of a 12 MP RGB lens and a 20-megapixel monochrome lens . It can record video in 4K and has electronic image stabilization for Full HD video . Other features include dual-SIM support , furthermore includes a USB-C port , and a fingerprint reader located on the lower bezel .
The Honor 9 has a metal frame and a 3D curved glass rear , and it 's official tagline is `` the light catcher . '' The phone comes in `` Glacier Grey , '' `` Sapphire Blue , '' `` Midnight Black , '' and gold , but some colors are not available in certain markets . During IFA 2017 in Berlin , Honor announced the new color variant for the Honor 9 , which was the limited edition `` Robin Egg Blue . '' The color became available in China in August , and was released in the United Kingdom in September .
Software
Huawei launched Honor 9 with Android Nougat ( version 7.0 ) and Huawei 's EMUI 5.1 . In the spring of 2019 , Huawei began to roll out Android Pie ( EMUI 9.0 ) for the device .
Release
The phone was released in China on June 12 , 2017 , and revealed in Berlin on June 27 2017 . Preorders across the United Kingdom on June 27 2017 .
Reception
Overall , initial reviews of the Honor 9 were positive , averaging 8.8 out of 10 . Android Authority 's Gary Sims gave the phone a rating of 8.7 out of 10 , and wrote in their review summary : `` The Honor 9 certainly ticks a lot of the right boxes : great performance , dual cameras , sleek design , and an IR blaster ! The only downsides are the lack of toughened glass over the display and the slippery nature of the build materials . '' Andy Boxall of Digital Trends wrote the following as a summary of their review : `` The Honor 9 impresses so much , it 's a strong contender for one of the best reasonably priced smartphones available . '' PC Magazine Thomas Newton assigned the Honor 9 a rating of 4 out of 5 , meaning `` excellent '' . Swedroid offered its recommendation and rated the phone 8.3 out of 10 overall .
Jessica Murgia of AndroidPit , Dominic Preston of TechAdvisors , James Peckham of TechRadar , and ZDNet 's Sandra Vogel each rated the phone 4.5 out of 5 . Preston 's summary read , `` The Honor 9 is an undeniably impressive phone for an unmatched price right now . In performance terms , it 's nipping at the heels of the year 's top flagships , and only lacking flashy features like waterproofing or a bezel-less screen . It looks great , it runs fast , and it costs less than £400 . We 're sold . '' Summarizing their review , Peckham wrote , `` The Honor 9 offers a lot of what the high-end flagship phones do right now , but for a much lower price . There 's no exciting , headline-grabbing feature here , but a great design , fantastic performance and lots of nice touches make this an all-round impressive and affordable phone . '' Vogel also gave a rating of 8.9 on a 10-point scale , meaning `` outstanding '' .
Android Central 's Alex Dobie called the Honor 9 the `` best phone for less than £400 '' . They gave the phone the `` Choice Award '' and wrote , `` The Honor 9 is n't perfect , but it is a great all-rounder that makes high-end performance and design more affordable than ever before . '' Stuff rated the Honor 9 five out of five stars and said , `` High-end hardware at a middleweight price makes the Honor 9 one of the best phone deals around . '' TechRadar recommend the Honor 9 , which won in the `` Best Mid-range Phone '' category at the 2017 T3 Awards .
References
External links
( CNET , 27 June 2017 )
( Android Authority , 28 June 2017 )
Mobile phones introduced in 2017
Phablets
Smartphones
Android ( operating system ) devices
Mobile phones with multiple rear cameras
Huawei Honor
Mobile phones with 4K video recording
Discontinued smartphones
Mobile phones with infrared transmitter
Antoine Fleming ( born 7 October 2000 ) is an Anguillan footballer who plays as a defender for Kicks United FC and the Anguilla national football team .
Career
International
Fleming made their senior international debut on 10 November 2019 in a 15-0 friendly defeat to Trinidad and Tobago , coming on as a late substitute for Carlique Gumbs .
Career statistics
International
References
External links
Antoine Fleming at Goal.com
2000 births
Living people
Anguillan footballers
Anguilla international footballers
Association football defenders
Kicks United FC players
AFA Senior Male League players
Blastobasis glandulella is a species of moth of the family Blastobasidae . It is found in the eastern United States and southern Ontario , Canada . It has also been recorded in California . In Europe , it has been recorded from Austria , Germany , the Czech Republic , Italy , Slovakia and Croatia .
It is commonly known as the acorn moth , but this can also refer to the tortrix moth Cydia splendana from Europe .
The wingspan is 15–25 mm . Adults have gray to grayish-brown forewings with a pale diffuse line bordered distally by dark band . There is also a black median dot and two black reniform dots , which form a triangle . The terminal line is composed of dark dots . The hindwings are shiny gray with dark veins and a fringe of long hair-like scales . They are on wing from April to September .
The larvae feed inside acorns and chestnuts .
References
External links
mothphotographersgroup
Images representing Blastobasis glandulella at Consortium for the Barcode of Life
Moths described in 1871
Blastobasis
Moths of Europe
Liu Changcheng is the name of :
Liu Changcheng ( skier ) ( born 1961 ) , Chinese alpine skier
Liu Changcheng ( volleyball ) ( born 1964 ) , Chinese volleyball player
Stanford Wong Video Poker is a 1990 video game published by Villa Crespo Software .
Gameplay
Stanford Wong Video Poker is a game in which the best possibilities and probabilities are shown for video poker .
Reception
Michael S. Lasky reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World , and stated that `` Villa Crespo Software has done it again : found a way to make better gamblers out of all of us , while we have fun learning just how to accomplish this seeming impossible feat . ''
Reviews
Game Players PC Entertainment
Game Players PC Entertainment
Compute !
Electronic Games
Compute !
References
1990 video games
The Coraya wren ( Pheugopedius coraya ) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae , the wrens .
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Amazonian northern and northwestern South America , the northern Amazon Basin and the Guianas , of Guyana , French Guiana , Suriname , and Amazonian southeast Colombia , eastern Ecuador , and north and central Peru ; also the southeastern Orinoco River Basin of Venezuela . Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests , subtropical or tropical swamps , and heavily degraded former forest .
Range : northern Amazon Basin with the Guianas
Besides the northern Amazon Basin and the Guianas including the Guiana Highlands , the contiguous range in the southeastern Amazon Basin extends to Maranhão state Brazil , and covers the downstream third of the three north-flowing river systems : the Tapajós River , Xingu River , and the Araguaia-Tocantins River system ; in the Andean west , in central Peru , the range extends southward , upstream 1300 km into the Ucayali River drainage region of central Peru .
The two non-Amazon Basin areas are the Caribbean Orinoco River of Venezuela , ( in the southeast ) , and the north-flowing Atlantic areas of the Guianas . The Coraya wren can be found on Ilha de Marajo at the Amazon River 's outlet .
Description
It is a medium-sized wren , rufous- ( chestnut ) -brown overall with a medium length black-and-white banded tail . It has a buff white breast , white throat and an overall black head , flecked with white feathers ; notably a narrow upper bright white eye stripe , and a narrow white eye ring of white feathers . It has a medium length black decurved bill , black eyes , and gray-black legs . It is darker brown on its back , deep brown-blackish wings , and lighter buff brown on its sides .
References
BirdLife International 2004 . Thryothorus coraya . 2006 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . Downloaded on 27 July 2007 .
External links
Coraya Wren videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Coraya Wren photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Photo-High Res ; Article oiseaux
Coraya wren
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Coraya wren
Coraya wren
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Recce is an Indian Telugu-language crime-thriller web series directed by Poluru Krishna . It featured Sriram , Siva Balaji , Dhanya Balakrishna , Saranya Pradeep , Rajashree , Aadukalam Naren and Ester Noronha in main roles . Recce premiered on 17 June 2022 on ZEE5 . As of 22 June 2022 , it has 40 million streaming minutes .
Synopsis
In 1992 , in Tadipatri of Andhra Pradesh , a son consumed by greed and lust hires people to kill their own father and ends up falling to their own demise . S.I Lenin who investigates these murders uncovers the underbelly of familial relationships that when consumed by jealousy , lust and greed , even families can turn lethal .
Cast
Sriram as Lenin
Siva Balaji as Chalapathi
Dhanya Balakrishna as Gouri
Aadukalam Naren as Varadarajulu
Ester Noronha as Rekha
Jeeva as MLA Guruva Reddy
Saranya Pradeep as Bujjamma
Rajashree as Devakamma
Ramaraju as Ranganayakulu
Thotapalli Madhu as Kullayappa
Sameer as Police Officer
Sammeta Gandhi as Paradesi
Uma Daanam Kumar as Basha
Krishna Kanth Subbadu
Murali Basava
Surya Theja E.O
Mani Nallanji
Koteshwar Rao S.P . Sanjay
Swami Naidu Constable Swami
Prabhavathi Constable Swami 's Wife
Episodes
Release
Recce was premiered on ZEE5 on 17 June 2022 .
Reception
The Times of India gave a rating of 3.5 out of 5 and stated that `` Poluru Krishna , who also worked on story adaptation , screenplay and dialogues , did a fabulous job narrating this bold and gripping crime thriller '' . 123Telugu opined that Recce is `` ne of the finest political crime thrillers with some decent performances , and excellent background score '' . Satya Pulagam of ABP Nadu appreciated cinematography , background score and screenplay by Poluru Krishna .
References
External links
Recce at ZEE5
2022 web series debuts
Telugu-language web series
Telugu-language television shows
ZEE5 original programming
Indian thriller television series
Indian crime television series
Crime thriller web series
Crime drama web series
Indian mystery television series
Indian crime drama television series
Sujalpur railway station is a railway station on the Tamluk–Digha branch line of South Eastern Railway zone of Indian Railways . The railway station is situated beside Digha–Contai Road , Eryafatepur at Sujalpur in Purba Medinipur district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
History
The Tamluk–Digha line was sanctioned in 1984–85 Railway Budget at an estimated cost of around Rs 74 crore . Finally this line was opened in 2004 . This track including Sujalpur railway station was electrified in 2012–13 .
References
Railway stations in Purba Medinipur district
Kharagpur railway division
Kolkata Suburban Railway stations
Luciano Foschi ( born 3 July 1967 ) is an Italian football manager and former player , currently in charge of club Lecco .
Playing career
As a player , Foschi made their debut in the 1985-1986 football season as a defender for S.S. Lazio . They played then for the most of their career in Serie C2 , winning two championships with A.C. Crevalcore in 1994 and with Viterbese in 1999 .
Coaching career
As a coach , they won a Serie D championship with Olbia Calcio in 2002 and gained a promotion to Serie C1 with Novara Calcio in 2003 . They lately trained U.S. Alessandria in Lega Pro Seconda Divisione 2008–09 and in Lega Pro Prima Divisione 2009–10 .
They were dismissed by Livorno on 8 April 2018 .
On 4 June 2018 , they were appointed as a manager of Ravenna . They were dismissed by Ravenna on 28 June 2020 .
On 21 January 2021 they were named new head coach of Carpi . On 11 February 2021 they resigned himself .
On 21 September 2022 they were confirmed new head coach of Serie C club Lecco .
References
External links
Luciano Foschi at Tuttocalciatori
1967 births
Living people
People from Albano Laziale
Italian footballers
Italian football managers
S.S. Lazio players
Rimini F.C . 1912 players
Olbia Calcio 1905 players
Calcio Lecco 1912 players
U.S. Cremonese players
A.C. Ancona managers
Novara F.C . managers
Teramo Calcio managers
A.C. Reggiana 1919 managers
Ravenna F.C . managers
U.S. Livorno 1915 managers
Calcio Lecco 1912 managers
S.S.D . Castel San Pietro Terme Calcio players
Virtus Bergamo Alzano Seriate 1909 players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Lazio
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Rome Capital
Phtheochroa vicina is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae . It is found in Guatemala .
References
Moths described in 1914
Phtheochroa
Northern Division or North Division can refer to :
Sports
Northern Division ( Rugby Union ) Leagues of England
Queensland Rugby League Northern Division
Southern League Northern Division of the Southern Football League in England
FA Women 's Premier League Northern Division in England
AFC North , a division of the American Football Conference in the National Football League ( NFL )
NFC North , a division of the National Football Conference in the NFL
North Division ( NHL ) , a division of the National Hockey League
North Division ( CFL ) , a former division of the Canadian Football League
Northern Division ( AFL ) , a former division of the Arena Football League
Government and politics
Northern Division , Fiji
Northern Division ( New Zealand electorate ) , a former electorate of the Parliament of New Zealand
Northern Division ( Travancore ) , an administrative subdivision of the former princely state of Travancore in southern India
Other uses
División del Norte , a division that fought during the Mexican Revolution
Northern Division ( Syrian rebel group ) , a division of the Free Syrian Army
See also
Canadian Division ( NHL ) , the northern division of the 1920s-1930s in the National Hockey League
National League East , a division of the National League in Major League Baseball that was , in a geographical sense , formerly much closer to being a northern as opposed to an eastern division
North Conference ( disambiguation )
Central Division ( disambiguation )
Eastern Division ( disambiguation )
Southern Division ( disambiguation )
Western Division ( disambiguation )
Division ( disambiguation )
Northern ( disambiguation )
North ( disambiguation )
Jaki Whitren ( 1954 – November 24 , 2016 ) was a British singer-songwriter . Them debut album , Raw But Tender ( 1973 ) , featuring the single `` Give Their The Day '' which received some airplay on BBC Radio 1 , was recorded when they were 19 years old . It was a mix of blues , folk and rock , and they also played guitar and banjo . They played a tour , supporting John McLaughlin 's Mahavishnu Orchestra . They also contributed to the Alan Parsons Project 's release in 1977 , I Robot .
In later years , they devoted themselves to their personal and musical relationship with husband and fellow musician John Cartwright , in a more avant-garde jazz direction . Them only other album was the self-released Isis Unveiled . They died of cancer shortly after their death from a heart attack .
Discography
Jaki Whitren – Raw But Tender ( Epic , 1973 )
Jaki Whitren + John Cartwright – Rhythm Hymn ( Elektra , 1982 )
Jaki Whitren & John Cartwright – International Times ( Living , 1983 )
Court of Miracles – featuring Jaki Whitren & John Cartwright – Miracle Style ( ACT , 1997 )
Jaki Whitren – Isis Unveiled ( self released , 2007 )
References
1954 births
Living people
British folk singers
British blues singers
British women pop singers
British jazz singers
British rock singers
Place of birth missing ( living people )
Robert Younis ( born 14 August 1985 ) is a Lebanese-Australian footballer who played for Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC and APIA Leichhardt in the New South Wales Premier League . With great success at the club , in 2017 they decided to hang up theirs boots .
Club career
Younis signed for Adelaide in 2008 after an impressive two seasons for APIA Leichhardt in the NSW Premier League which saw them net a phenomenal 38 goals in just 43 appearances . After an indifferent start to their professional career at United , Robert came on as a 78th minute sub against Perth Glory and made an immediate impact setting up Brazilian Alemão to equalise in the eventual 2–1 win .
In April 2009 , a goal shy Robbie was released from Adelaide United by mutual consent . They have since re-signed with former club , APIA Leichhardt for the 2009 NSW Premier League season .
As of 26 April 2009 , Robbie has played 7 games for APIA and has yet to score a goal .
On 2 May 2009 , Younis finally got on the scoresheet with a well taken penalty against bitter rivals Marconi Stallions .
Robbie continues to lead the line for APIA and had an exceptional 2010 season where they banged home 16 goals .
Younis has signed for the Bonnyrigg White Eagles for the 2012 NSWPL season .
During Robbie 's time at the eagles , they played a major role within the succession of the club . In 2012 Bonnyrigg White Eagles were crowned premiers having 15 more points then second place Sydney Olympic . They did fall short losing 3-1 to Marconi Stallions . The next time they appeared in the final stage in 2014 losing the semi final . 2015 was the year Younis won it for the Eagles , scaring a magnificent free kick outside a few yards from the box . The fans loved him , they are n't quick but they have an amazing touch that did not disappoint the support from the Avala Boys .
Career statistics
( Correct as of 22 December 2008 )
1 – included A-League final series statistics
2 – includes Club World Cup statistics ; Asian Champions League statistics included in season commencing after group stages .
References
External links
Oz Football profile
1985 births
Living people
A-League Men players
Australian soccer players
Adelaide United FC players
Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC players
National Premier Leagues players
Association football forwards
This is a timeline of incidents in 1992 that have been labelled as `` terrorism '' and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces ( see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism ) .
Guidelines
To be included , entries must be notable ( have a stand-alone article ) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as `` terrorism '' .
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS : TERRORIST .
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties ( such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred ) .
Casualties listed are the victims . Perpetrator casualties are listed separately ( e.g . x ( +y ) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured ) .
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information . A figure with a plus ( + ) sign indicates that at least that many people have died ( e.g . 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died ) – the actual toll could be considerably higher . A figure with a plus ( + ) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims .
If casualty figures are 20 or more , they will be shown in bold . In addition , figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined .
Incidents are limited to one per location per day . If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day , they will be merged into a single incident .
In addition to the guidelines above , the table also includes the following categories :
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1992
1992
199
Terr
Barnert may refer to :
Nathan Barnert
The Barnert Hospital ( or the Barnert Medical Arts Complex on the grounds of the former hospital )
The Miriam Barnert Hebrew Free School
The Barnert Temple in Franklin Lakes , NJ
Take Us to the Start is the first full-length studio album by American pop-rock singer-songwriter Matt Hires , released exclusively through iTunes on July 15 , 2009 and then released August 25 , 2009 on Atlantic Records .
The digital-only release hit the top 10 on iTunes ' `` Top Albums '' chart , despite only being available in a digital format , the album debuted at No . 96 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and No . 16 on the digital downloads chart .
All songs were written or co-written by Matt Hires and their long-time producer Eric Rosse ( Sara Bareilles , Tori Amos ) . Matt has also collaborated with some noted songwriters , including Emmy Award nominated songwriter and novelist Harry Shannon , Indie singer-songwriter Gus Black , Gregg Wattenberg – who co-produced Train 's quadruple platinum hit `` Hey , Soul Sister '' and Daughtry 's platinum single `` It 's Not Over '' , they also co-wrote the song `` You in the End '' with Sara Bareilles .
An exclusive iTunes deluxe version of the album includes additional three bonus demo tracks , music video of `` Honey , Let Me Sing You a Song '' , and a digital booklet .
Background
Reading before songwriting
Recording Process
Song co-writing
Notable song information
Honey , Let Me Sing You a Song
State Lines
Turn The Page
O Sunrise
You in the End
Out of the Dark
Hurricane ( Demo )
Track listing
Reception
Critical response
The album has earned advance critical praise and received generally favorable reviews from most music critics .
People Magazine hailed the collection , noting `` on the opening cut of their debut , Hires requests , 'Honey , Let Me Sing You a Song ' . With their folky pop and aching croon , how could you deny him ? ''
Creative Loafing commended the album as `` crafted and interesting , full of sincerity and catchy melodies highlighted by ( Hires ' ) enveloping , gravelly tenor . ''
On Andrew Leahey 's review : `` 'Take Us to the Start ' sounds best at its most brisk , when Hires trade the coffeehouse aspirations of their slower songs for something more akin to driving , mainstream pop/rock . The bulk of this debut album is filled with semi-ballads , though , whose leisurely pace allows Hires more room to indulge a bit too heavily in the influence of their Hotel Café contemporaries . ''
This Is Modern said : `` His debut album is so fully awesome that you will be hard pressed to find a track that you do n't enjoy , ... Hires has put together one of the best debut albums by any singer/songwriter and will be rewarded by well deserved recognition and success . ''
Chart performance
Take Us to the Start debuted at No . 96 on Billboard 200 albums chart based on only digital download , also charted No . 16 on Billboard Digital Albums .
Uses in media
Songs from the album have appeared on several TV series and in films . The series Grey 's Anatomy used `` Out Of The Dark '' in the season 6 episode `` I Saw What I Saw '' ; `` Turn The Page '' appeared in the season five episode `` An Honest Mistake '' , and `` O Sunrise '' turned up in another episode . NBC 's Cougar Town has included the songs `` Honey , Let Me Sing You a Song '' and `` Turn The Page '' . `` Honey '' also appeared in the pilot episode of Life Unexpected on The CW , and `` O Sunrise '' played during the episode `` Truth Unrevealed '' . `` A Perfect Day '' is heard in the season two episode `` Acceptance '' of Private Practice , and is used in the trailer for the 2010 film When in Rome . The demo version of `` Honey '' is featured on the When in Romes soundtrack album . `` Turn The Page '' also shows up in the trailer for the 2009 film The Boys Are Back .
Album credits
Performance credits
Matt Hires – Vocals ; Acoustic Guitar ; Background Vocals ; Crowd Noise ; Human Whistle
Sara Bareilles – Background Vocals
Matt Chamberlain – Drums
Chris Chaney – Bass
Aaron Sterling – Drums
Chris Reynolds – Percussion
Technical credits
Stephen Marcussen – Mastering
Chris Reynolds – Engineer , Digital Editing
Carolyn Tracey – Package Production
Kristie Borgmann – Art Manager
Chris Stang – Marketing
Additional credits
Reid Rolls – Photography
Zachariah Mattheus – Art Direction ; Design
References
2009 debut albums
Matt Hires albums
Atlantic Records albums
August `` Augie '' Borero Colon ( August 27 , 1927 ‒ June 4 , 2004 ) was an American musician known for their work as a percussionist in the exotica genre . They came to national fame as a member of Martin Denny 's band in the 1950s and was the voice behind the bird calls and jungle sounds of the hit single `` Quiet Village '' . They also recorded two solo albums , Sophisticated Savage ( 1959 ) and Chant of the Jungle ( 1960 ) . In the early 1960s , Colon left Denny 's group and toured with their own band known as The Tropicales .
Colon was born in Honolulu in 1927 and died in that city in 2004 .
Discography
Solo albums
Sophisticated Savage , Liberty LRP-3101 ( 1959 )
Chant of the Jungle , Liberty LRP-3148/LST-7148 ( 1960 )
Martin Denny albums
Exotica , Liberty LRP-3034 ( mono ) ( 1957 )
Exotica , Liberty LST-7034 ( stereo ) ( 1958 ) - re-recorded for stereo with Julius Wechter replacing Arthur Lyman
Exotica Vol.2 , Liberty LRP-3077/LST-7006 ( 1958 )
Forbidden Island , Liberty LRP-3081/LST-7001 ( 1958 )
Primitiva , Liberty LRP-3087/LST-7023 ( 1958 )
Hypnotique , Liberty LRP-3102/LST-7102 ( 1959 )
Afro-Desia , Liberty LRP-3111/LST-7111 ( 1959 )
Exotica Volume III , Liberty LRP-3116/LST-7116 ( 1959 )
Quiet Village : The Exotic Sounds of Martin Denny , Liberty LRP-3122/LST-7122 ( 1959 )
References
1927 births
2004 deaths
Exotica
Liberty Records artists
Musicians from Hawaii
Tiki culture
People from Honolulu
Ralph Stuart Emanuel Donner ( February 10 , 1943 – April 6 , 1984 ) was an American rock and roll singer . They scored several pop hits in the US in the early 1960s , and had a voice similar to Elvis Presley . Their best known song is their 1961 top ten hit , `` You Do n't Know What You 've Got ( Until You Lose It ) '' .
Biography
Ralph Donner was born in Norwood Park , Chicago , Illinois , United States , and sang in church as a child . They sang in local talent shows as a teen , and formed two of their own bands , the Rockin ' Five and the Gents , in high school . The Rockin ' Five played with Sammy Davis , Jr. on Chicago television at one point in the late 1950s . In 1959 , they appeared on Alan Freed 's Big Beat program , and released a single with the Gents ; soon after , the Gents toured with The Sparkletones .
Donner recorded a cover of Presley 's `` The Girl of My Best Friend '' , along with a backing band called the Starfires . After being picked up by Gone Records , Donner re-recorded and re-released the tune , which became a nationwide hit ; some listeners even thought that the cover was Presley himself . Their next single , `` You Do n't Know What You 've Got ( Until You Lose It ) '' , became their biggest , and only Top Ten , hit on the Billboard chart in the United States , peaking at No . 4 . The track peaked at No . 25 in the UK Singles Chart in 1961 . They managed a few more hits , the last of which was in 1962 .
In the mid-1960s , Donner recorded for Reprise Records and Red Bird Records , but saw little further success . They played little in the 1970s , recording occasionally , but saw some rekindled interest in their music after Presley 's death . In 1981 , they provided voice-over narration ( in the voice of Elvis ) in the film This Is Elvis .
Donner died of lung cancer on April 6 , 1984 . They were interred in the mausoleum of Acacia Park Cemetery in Norwood Park Township .
Donner was cited by Robert Plant as an influence at the 1995 induction of Led Zeppelin into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
Discography
Singles
Notes
A `` Loveless Life '' did not enter the Billboard Hot 100 but peaked on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart at number 17 .
B `` I Got Burned '' did not enter the Billboard Hot 100 but peaked on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart at number 24 .
References
External links
Official website
1943 births
1984 deaths
American rock singers
Singers from Chicago
Deaths from lung cancer
20th-century American singers
Burials at Acacia Park Cemetery , Norwood Park Township
20th-century American male singers
San Nicasio is a Spanish brand of gourmet potato chips , established in 1999 . The slow cooked chips have won a number of food industry awards for quality and have received a level of notoriety due to the high price tag of the product .
History
San Nicasio was established in 1999 in Priego de Córdoba , in the Andalusian mountains of Spain , by Rafael del Rosal Lopez and their wife Carmen Osuna . They are being distributed by Fayrefield Foods in the UK , who are targeting distributors such as Harvey Nichols and Harrods .
Product
San Nicasio are handmade small-batch potato chips , made with Catalan potatoes , extra virgin olive oil and Himalayan pink salt ( a marketing term for rock salt mined in Khewra Salt Mines , Pakistan ) . The olive oil used has the `` Priego de Córdoba '' denomination of origin . , they are only available in salted flavour and two sizes , and .
Cooking
The chips are slow cooked , unlike most other brand-name chips . According to owner Lopez this is `` to prevent the formation of undesirable substances '' .
Pricing
The product received significant press coverage on release in the United Kingdom due to the financial market at the time and the pricing for the larger packet , almost double the market standard . Grocery magazine The Grocer asked `` will British crisp-lovers fork out almost four quid for a new super-premium snack ? `` , although it did not speculate on the answer to this question . The Rich Times stated that analysts `` are as yet divided '' as to whether or not a product at this price point `` makes any sense '' .
Awards
The brand has won a number of food industry awards and certifications .
2008 Monde Selection Gold medal
2009 Monde Selection Gold medal
2010 Monde Selection Gold medal
2010 Monde Selection International High Quality Trophy ( for 3 consecutive gold medals )
2011 Monde Selection Gold medal
2011 Expoliva award for `` Best Food made with Olive Oil ''
2012 Monde Selection Gold medal
References
External links
Brand name potato chips and crisps
Snack food manufacturers of Spain
Products introduced in 1999
State Route 133 ( SR 133 ) is a mostly multi-lane state highway and is a primary artery through the Florence–Muscle Shoals metropolitan area in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Alabama .
Route description
SR 133 begins at an intersection with US 72 Alternate/SR 20/SR 157 just south of Muscle Shoals , in Colbert County . Here , the roadway continues as Colbert County Route 57 ( CR 57 ) SR 133 and SR 157 travel concurrently to the north along Wilson Dam Road . They cross over Dry Creek and then enter the city limits of Muscle Shoals . They travel underneath a railroad bridge that carries railroad tracks of Norfolk Southern Railway . After that , they briefly leave the city limits . After they re-enter the city , they intersect Colbert CR 24 ( CR 24 ; 6th Street ) . The road becomes a six-lane highway at Avalon Avenue . There is an intersection with SR 184 ( East 2nd Street ) just before a crossing of Pond Creek . They curve to the northwest and then cross the Tennessee River on the Singing River Bridge . They enter Lauderdale County and the city limits of Florence . Almost immediately , SR 133 splits off from SR 157 at an interchange . It travels to the northeast on Veterans Drive . It passes the Shoals Chamber of Commerce and the River Heritage Park . Just after passing Veterans Park , the highway curves to a nearly due north direction . At an intersection with the western terminus of Lauderdale CR 32 ( Huntsville Road ) , SR 133 curves to the north-northwest . It has an intersection with US 43/US 72 ( internally designated as SR 2 ) /SR 13 ( Florence Boulevard ) . The highway curves to the northwest . It begins to travel along the northern edge of Delbert Park ; on the northern edge of the park is an intersection with the western terminus of Lauderdale CR 46 ( Gresham Road ) . On the northwestern edge of the park , after SR 133 has curved to a due west direction , it has an intersection with both the southern terminus of Lauderdale CR 47 ( Old Jackson Highway South ) and the northern terminus of Darby Drive . Just after curving to the west-southwest , it begins a concurrency with SR 17/SR 157 ( Helton Drive ) . Almost immediately , the three highways cross over some railroad tracks of CSX . A short distance later , SR 17 splits off to the north onto Chisolm Road , while SR 133 and SR 157 travel to the southwest . They travel along the northern edge of Cox Creek Park and then curve to the west-northwest . They cross over Cox Creek and immediately split , with SR 157 heading to the north-northwest onto Cloverdale Road , and SR 133 continuing to the west-northwest . SR 133 leaves the city limits of Florence and curves to the southwest . It intersects Lauderdale CR 41 ( Jackson Road ) and then crosses over Cypress Creek . It curves to the west before curving back to the southwest . It then reaches its northern terminus , an intersection with SR 20 ( Savannah Highway/General John Coffee Highway ) .
History
SR 133 was likely formed around 1927 with the completion of Wilson Dam on the Tennessee River and the opening of it to automobile traffic . At this time , the highway would have started at an old alignment of SR 20 just a few hundred yards north of its current alignment . It followed Wilson Dam Road north through Muscle Shoals to the TVA Reservation . Here , it intersected Reservation Road , which traveled east to the dam . Crossing the dam , it would have entered Florence and followed Wilson Dam Road , just east of the current Cox Creek Parkway alignment . It ended at Huntsville Road , which at the time carried US 72 .
In the mid-1950s , US 72 in Florence shifted to a new alignment on Florence Boulevard , about north of Huntsville Road . It is unclear , but SR 133 may have taken Middle Road to between Huntsville Road and Florence Blvd . to reach US 72 . Also around this time , SR 20 south of Muscle Shoals shifted southward to a new routing , extending the route south about .
Big changes occurred in the early 1970s with the construction of Cox Creek Parkway , a northern loop for the city of Florence . The new road placed SR 133 on a four-lane highway for the first time . From Wilson Dam , Cox Creek Parkway replaced Wilson Dam Road to carry SR 133 to Florence Boulevard . From there , the highway was extended some along the entirety of Cox Creek Parkway .
In 2002 , the Singing River Bridge ( Patton Island Bridge ) opened , forming a new Tennessee River crossing west of Wilson Dam . As part of a long-term `` Patton Island Corridor '' , SR 133 was shifted to this new six-lane bridge . The move necessitated construction of an overpass on Wilson Dam Road on the TVA Reservation . SR 133 's routing on Reservation Road and Wilson Dam itself was removed . After crossing the new bridge into Florence , the route turned east on Veterans Drive to rejoin Cox Creek Parkway just north of Wilson Dam .
Future
As part of the ongoing Patton Island Corridor development , changes will be made to SR 133 .
In Lauderdale County , the final extension of the project , from Huntsville Road to Helton Drive , opened on October 16 , 2008 . This included the opening of an overpass and interchange at the intersection with Florence Boulevard . ( US 43/US 72/SR 13 ) . The highway is six lanes from the Patton Island Bridge north to the connection with Helton Drive and its intersection with Hermitage Drive . The routing of SR 133 on this new portion is unclear , however ; signage still points SR 133 to Veterans Drive . It is possible that SR 133 will eventually be routed on this new roadway to Helton Drive , then follow Helton Drive to Cox Creek Parkway .
In Colbert County , Wilson Dam Road continues to be upgraded to a multi-lane highway . As of late 2008 , the road is six lanes from the Tennessee River south through Muscle Shoals to Avalon Avenue . Plans call for the highway to eventually be four-laned from Avalon Avenue south to SR 20 ; however , those plans are on hold after landowners ' disputed the State of Alabama 's offers to purchase their land along the proposed right-of-way .
Major intersections
See also
References
133
Transportation in Colbert County , Alabama
Transportation in Lauderdale County , Alabama
Florence–Muscle Shoals metropolitan area
Florence , Alabama
Pseudo-Cushing 's syndrome or non-neoplastic hypercortisolism is a medical condition in which patients display the signs , symptoms , and abnormal cortisol levels seen in Cushing 's syndrome . However , pseudo-Cushing 's syndrome is not caused by a problem with the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis as Cushing 's is ; it is mainly an idiopathic condition , however a cushingoid appearance is sometimes linked to excessive alcohol consumption . Elevated levels of total cortisol can also be due to estrogen found in oral contraceptive pills that contain a mixture of estrogen and progesterone . Estrogen can cause an increase of cortisol-binding globulin and thereby cause the total cortisol level to be elevated .
Signs and symptoms
Diagnosis
Levels of cortisol and ACTH both elevated
24-hour urinary cortisol levels elevated
Dexamethasone suppression test
Late night salivary cortisol ( LNSC )
Loss of diurnal variation in cortisol levels ( seen only in true Cushing 's Syndrome )
High mean corpuscular volume and gamma-glutamyl transferase may be clues to alcoholism
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome should be ruled out ; PCOS may have similar symptoms
Differential diagnosis
Differentiation from Cushing 's is difficult , but several tools exist to aid in the diagnosis
Alternative causes of Cushing 's should be excluded with imaging of lungs , adrenal glands , and pituitary gland ; these often appear normal in Cushing 's
In the alcoholic patient with pseudo-Cushing 's , admission to hospital ( and avoidance of alcohol ) will result in normal midnight cortisol levels within five days , excluding Cushing 's
Another cause for Cushing 's syndrome is adrenocortical carcinoma . This is a rare form of cancer with an incidence of 1-2 per million people annually . About 60 % of these cancers produce hormones , with cortisol being the most frequent . Most patients present in an advanced disease state and the outcome is dismal .
Prognosis
Blood results and symptoms normalise rapidly on cessation of drinking or remission of depression .
References
External links
Syndromes
Endocrine diseases
Rakhni is town and union council of Barkhan District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan . It is located at 30°3'0N 69°55'0E at an altitude of 1093 metres ( 3589 feet ) .
References
Populated places in Barkhan District
Union councils of Balochistan , Pakistan
Madelyn E. Reiter ( October 24 , 1942 – December 28 , 2020 ) was an American politician and business person .
Early life and education
Born in Saint Paul , Minnesota , Reiter graduated from Alexander Ramsey High School . They earned a Bachelor of Science degree in business and economics at University of Minnesota .
Career
Reiter served in the Civil Air Patrol . They also worked in the insurance business and lived in Shoreview , Minnesota with their husband and family . Reiter served on the Minnesota Board on Aging from 1992 to 1996 and on the Shoreview City Council from 1996 to 2000 . They were a Republican . From 2001 to 2006 , Reiter served in the Minnesota Senate .
Personal life
Reiter died on December 28 , 2020 , in Shoreview , Minnesota .
References
1942 births
2020 deaths
Politicians from Saint Paul , Minnesota
People from Shoreview , Minnesota
People of the Civil Air Patrol
University of Minnesota alumni
Businesspeople from Saint Paul , Minnesota
Women state legislators in Minnesota
Minnesota Republicans
Minnesota city council members
Minnesota state senators
Women city councillors in Minnesota
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Iron Chef : Quest for an Iron Legend is an American cooking show reboot of Iron Chef and Iron Chef America . Alton Brown returns to co-host the show with Kristen Kish , and Mark Dacascos again serves as The Chairman . Contestants challenge the Iron Chefs in a cookoff with a secret ingredient , and in this series , the highest scoring challenger battles with all five Iron Chefs one more time in hopes of becoming an Iron Legend . The series debuted on Netflix on June 15 , 2022 , for its first season of eight episodes .
Format
Five new Iron Chefs have been introduced in Curtis Stone , Dominique Crenn , Marcus Samuelsson , Ming Tsai and Gabriela Cámara . Challenger chefs compete against the Iron Chefs to prepare a dish centered around a secret ingredient revealed by The Chairman . Hosts Alton Brown and Kristen Kish provide real-time commentary on how the competition proceeds . Each episode has three judges , Nilou Motamed , Andrew Zimmern , and a third guest judge . At the end of the season , the highest-scoring challenger returns to face off against all five Iron Chefs in hopes of becoming an Iron Legend and receiving a Golden Knife .
Episodes
Production
In January 2022 , Netflix announced that it would reboot the Iron Chef franchise with a new iteration subtitled Quest for an Iron Legend for eight episodes , initially . The release date of June 15 , 2022 was announced that May with Alton Brown returning to co-host the show with Kristen Kish and Mark Dacascos reprising as The Chairman .
Tsai , Samuelsson , Crenn , and Stone were previously challengers on Iron Chef America , with Tsai , Samuelsson , and Crenn having also competed on The Next Iron Chef . Past Iron Chefs Masaharu Morimoto and Wolfgang Puck appear as guest judges during the first season . Morimoto was the third Iron Chef Japanese on the original Iron Chef and was one of the Iron Chefs on Iron Chef America , while Wolfgang Puck served as one of the Iron Chefs for the Iron Chef America : Battle of the Masters pilot miniseries before retiring .
Reception
Jim Vorel at Paste enjoyed the show appreciating the preserved balance of `` patently absurd '' and `` undeniably impressive '' from previous iterations . However , Wenlei Ma disagreed in their review for news.com.au feeling it lacked the weirdness of the original Iron Chef and was too polished , later calling it `` soulless '' and `` not worthy of the Iron Chef name . ''
References
External links
Iron Chef
2020s American cooking television series
2022 American television series debuts
American television series based on Japanese television series
American television spin-offs
Television series reboots
Cooking competitions in the United States
English-language Netflix original programming
The Revista Brasileira de Química was a scientific journal of chemistry published from 1936–1978 . The journal is also called Revista Brasileira de Química : Ciencia e Indústria . The publisher was the Revista Brasileira de Química itself in São Paulo , publication ceased in 1978 .
See also
Anais da ABQ
Eclética Química
Journal of the Brazilian Chemical Society
Revista Brasileira de Engenharia Química , Caderno de Engenharia Química
Revista Brasileira de Chímica
Southern Brazilian Journal of Chemistry
Química Nova
References
Chemistry journals
Defunct journals
This is a timeline of incidents in 1991 that have been labelled as `` terrorism '' and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces ( see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism ) .
Guidelines
To be included , entries must be notable ( have a stand-alone article ) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as `` terrorism '' .
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS : TERRORIST .
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties ( such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred ) .
Casualties listed are the victims . Perpetrator casualties are listed separately ( e.g . x ( +y ) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured ) .
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information . A figure with a plus ( + ) sign indicates that at least that many people have died ( e.g . 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died ) – the actual toll could be considerably higher . A figure with a plus ( + ) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims .
If casualty figures are 20 or more , they will be shown in bold . In addition , figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined .
Incidents are limited to one per location per day . If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day , they will be merged into a single incident .
In addition to the guidelines above , the table also includes the following categories :
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1991
1991
1991
Terr
The men 's 4x400 metres relay event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon , Portugal , at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 and 24 July .
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Heats
23 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count , 76 athletes from 18 countries participated in the event .
References
4 x 400 metres relay
Relays at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Louis 'Country & Western ' Armstrong is a 1970 album by the trumpeter and singer Louis Armstrong of country and western music . It was Armstrong 's last album of recorded music .
Armstrong 's vocals were dubbed over the pre-recorded instrumental backing . Armstrong 's contributions were recorded in New York due to their health issues , with the remainder being recorded in Nashville , Tennessee . Armstrong appeared on The Johnny Cash Show to promote the album in October 1970 , the month of its release .
Reception
Eugene Chadbourne reviewed the reissue of the album for Allmusic and wrote that `` Fans of Armstrong 's singing , in fact , will probably hate this record even more than fans of their trumpet playing ... With the understanding that they were one of the great musical geniuses of the 20th century , it nonetheless must be stated firmly that in the final judgment , delivered by someone attempting to sit through this record , no rating system of any kind can really describe just what a total piece of crap it is '' . The decision to have Armstrong record their vocals separately from the instrumental backing led Chadbourne to describe the music as `` just rhythm run-throughs , with Armstrong singing , mumbling , and commenting over the top ; the instrumental parts are devoid of any flair or commitment whatsoever '' and that the `` resulting lack of any sort of sympathy or communication between Armstrong and the accompanying musicians is simply a total death blow '' .
Track listing
`` Miller 's Cave '' ( Jack Clement ) – 3:47
`` Almost Persuaded '' ( Billy Sherrill , Glenn Sutton ) – 4:18
`` Running Bear '' ( J.P. Richardson ) – 3:16
`` Get Together '' ( Chet Powers ) – 3:40
`` Crystal Chandeliers '' ( Ted Harris ) – 2:37
`` You Can Have Her '' ( Bill Cook ) – 4:00
`` The Easy Part 's Over '' ( Bill Rice , Jerry Foster ) – 2:24
`` Black Cloud '' ( Bill Brock ) – 2:00
`` Why Did Mrs. Murphy Leave Town '' ( Clement ) – 2:51
`` Wolverton Mountain '' ( Claude King , Merle Kilgore ) – 3:15
`` Ramblin ' Rose '' ( Joe Sherman , Noel Sherman ) – 2:35
`` Crazy Arms '' ( Charles Sales , Ralph Mooney ) – 2:29
Personnel
Louis Armstrong – vocals
Jack Eubanks – guitar
Stu Basore – steel guitar
Billie Grammer – rhythm guitar
Larry Butler – piano
Henry Strzelecki – double bass
Willie Ackerman – drums
References
External links
Analysis of 'Almost Persuaded ' by the Armstrong scholar Ricky Riccardi
1970 albums
Avco Records albums
Louis Armstrong albums
Country albums by American artists
In information technology ( IT ) , remote support tools are IT tools and software that enable an IT technician or a support representative to connect to a remote computer from their consoles via the Internet and work directly on the remote system . Although its main focus is the access to computers located anywhere in the world , the remote support applications also provide features like file transfer , desktop sharing , file synchronization , command line or guest accessibility .
Privacy
Privacy is also a major concern for all users . One of the most used tools in remote support sessions are the ones that allow desktop sharing . It is also possible to provide what is commonly called Unattended Support ( the technician is granted total remote access to the client 's computer , even when they are not physically close to it ) .
The need for an absolute trust in these services and providers is considered to be the biggest obstacle for this technology to achieve mass-marketing status – even when many studies indicate that for every 5 technical occurrences , 4 of them could be remotely solved .
Benefits
Remote Support technology tries to reduce helpdesk centers cost-issues – all transport-related expenses are immediately trimmed down , for instance .
Modern day technology enables that any technician using Remote Support is able to assist a customer just like it was physically side-by-side . Technologies and tools like live chat , VoIP and desktop sharing enable a direct intervention in the remote system .
See also
Desktop sharing
File transfer
File synchronization
WHICH INDUSTRIES ARE USING AR REMOTE SUPPORT ?
References
Remote desktop
Tohfa Mohabbat Ka is a 1988 Bollywood drama film directed by Ram Govind and produced by Maya Govind .
Cast
Govinda
Kimi Katkar
Preeti Ganguli
Johny Lever
Hema Malini - Herself
Gulshan Grover
Bharat Kapoor
Music
`` Dhum Titak Dhum Dhum '' ( Gori O Gori ) - Asha Bhosle , Anup Jalota
`` Prem Ka Granth Padhaoon '' - Parveen Sultana
`` Pyar Se Pyara Kuchh Bhi Nahi '' - Anuradha Paudwal , Anup Jalota
`` Sun Sun Aye Sunita '' - Asha Bhosle , Anup Jalota
`` Suno Brij Ki Kahani '' - Alka Yagnik , Anup Jalota , Chandrani Mukherjee
`` Tujhe Bhulne Ki Koshish '' ( Aa Dekh Teri Radha ) - Asha Bhosle
External links
References
1980s Hindi-language films
1988 films
Indian drama films
The Statue of Hercules in Behistun ( or Statue of Heracles/Herakles in Bisotun , Persian : تندیس هرکول ) is located on Mount Behistun , Iran . It was discovered in 1958 , and is the only extant rock sculpture from the period of Seleucid control over the Iranian Plateau , that lasted from to BC .
The statue was sculpted in 148 BC , and dedicated in the name of `` Herakles Kallinikos '' ( Ἡρακλῆν
Καλλίνικον , `` Hercules glorious in victory '' ) by a Seleucid governor . The Seleucid governor carved it in honor of a satrap .
Hercules is lying on a 2 m long platform and holds a bowl in their left hand . Their right hand rests on their leg . The statue is 1.47 m long and is attached to the mountain . Heracles 's club is carved in relief `` as if propped up behind him '' according to Matthew P. Canepa . The form of the stele bears similarities to Seleucid stelae that bore official inscriptions in the area , most notably the stele from Laodicia-in-Media ( Nahavand ) , on which a local Seleucid official wrote down a copy of the dynastic cult inscription of Seleucid ruler Antiochus III the Great ( r. 222–187 BC ) , which they had created for their wife Queen Laodice III .
The Bisotun Hercules was carved by a sculptor who was not formally trained in the Greek sculptural style . According to the modern historian Rolf Strootman , the design was more Iranian than Greek . In Hellenistic art , Heracles is seldom shown wielding a bow . In the rock relief , however , they are wielding a bow resembling those shown in the Behistun inscription . Although the epithet of the god ( `` kallinikos '' ) was quite common in the Greek religion , it was also appropriate for the Iranian god Wahrām ( Avestan Vərəθraγna- ) , with whom Hercules was assimilated . The statue of Hercules at Bisotun most likely attests to assimilation of the Greek god Hercules with the Iranian god Wahrām in the Seleucid period ; however , it does not offer unequivocal evidence .
The relief may have been part of a naiskos ( small shrine ) , as indicated by the nearby remnant of a small Ionic column , which is the same height ( 52 cm ) as that of the Temple of Athena Nike in Athens .
An Aramaic version , drawn `` quite a bit of lighter '' than the Greek version , was carved below . Canepa notes that this indicates that the sponsor of the inscription `` intended to situate this message , both visually and linguistically , within the idiom of Seleucid imperial epigraphy '' .
The head of the statue was stolen twice , but was recovered in 1996 . The current head is a replica . The original head is held by the Cultural Heritage , Handcrafts and Tourism Organization .
References
Sources
2nd-century BC sculptures
Archaeological discoveries in Iran
Archaeological sites in Iran
Parthian art
Sculptures of Heracles
Seleucid Empire
Tourist attractions in Kermanshah Province
1958 in Iran
1958 archaeological discoveries
Aramaic inscriptions
Greek inscriptions
Janet Mackenzie ( born 1962 ) is a British Anglican priest and former teacher . Since September 2016 , they have been the Archdeacon of Hertford in the Diocese of St Albans .
Early life and education
Mackenzie was born in 1962 . They studied at Westminster College , Oxford , a teacher training college , and graduated with a Bachelor of Education ( BEd ) degree in 1986 . They then worked in education . In 2004 , they entered Westcott House , Cambridge , an Anglican theological college in the Liberal Catholic tradition , to train for Holy Orders . During this time , they also studied theology at Anglia Ruskin University , graduating with a Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) degree in 2008 .
Ordained ministry
Mackenzie was ordained in the Church of England as a deacon in 2006 and as a priest in 2007 . From 2006 to 2010 , they served their curacy at St Swithun 's Church , Sandy in the Diocese of St Albans . In 2010 , they joined the Church of St Augustine of Canterbury , Luton as priest-in-charge . They were additionally Area Dean of Luton between 2012 and 2016 . They were made Vicar of St Augustine 's in 2014 .
On 6 September 2016 , Mackenzie was collated as Archdeacon of Hertford during a service at St Andrew and St George 's Church , Stevenage . On 19 November 2016 , they were installed as a Canon of St Albans Cathedral ; all archdeacons of the diocese are made canons of the cathedral .
References
1962 births
Living people
21st-century English Anglican priests
Archdeacons of Hertford
Schoolteachers from Bedfordshire
Alumni of Westminster College , Oxford
Alumni of Westcott House , Cambridge
Alumni of Anglia Ruskin University
Luton
Metro Manila , Philippines , is located in the hydraulically complex Pasig River—Marikina River—Laguna de Bay watershed , which includes more than thirty tributaries within the urban area .
The following list is sorted by name , with a brief description of each .
See also
List of rivers of the Philippines
Manggahan Floodway
References
External links
Rivers of Metro Manila
Rivers in Manila
Rivers in Manila
Eliezer David Jaffe ( ) ( 10 November 1933 – 25 May 2017 ) was an Israeli professor of social work specializing in philanthropy and non-profit management . They were Professor Emeritus at The Hebrew University 's Paul Baerwald School of Social Work and Social Welfare .
Biography
Eliezer Jaffe was born in Cleveland Ohio . They came to Israel in 1957 as a volunteer , working in the ma'abarot ( immigrant transit camps ) . They returned to the USA to complete their education , obtaining degrees in sociology , psychology , and criminology , and a doctorate in social work . Jaffe immigrated to Israel in 1960 and helped to found Israel 's first academic school of social work , the Paul Baerwald School of Social Work at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem . They have been a consultant to the Israel Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs and has served on several ministerial committees , including the Prime Minister 's Committee on Children and Disadvantaged Youth ( under Golda Meir ) , the Prime Minister 's Council on Social Welfare Policy ( under Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Shamir ) , the President 's Committee on Outstanding Volunteers ( under Chaim Herzog ) , and the Committee to Determine Israel 's Poverty Line ( under Menachem Begin ) . Between 1970 and 1972 , at the request of Mayor Teddy Kollek , they headed the Jerusalem Municipal Department of Family and Community Services , introducing major administrative , conceptual and program reforms , all of which have since been adopted nationwide .
Academic career
Jaffe 's research focused on social services to children and families , ethnic stereotypes , and on the nonprofit sector and philanthropy in Israel . They study and teaches about inter-country adoptions , nonprofit organization management , fundraising , and private philanthropy in Israel , and has conducted research on culturally sensitive practice , ethnic stereotypes among Israelis and public access to information regarding nonprofit organizations in Israel . They helped promote and write the new Israeli law on inter-country adoptions .
Jaffe was the author of 14 books . They were a member of the editorial board of Israel 's social work journal , Society and Welfare ; served on the editorial board of the international journal Public Management ; and was a member of the National Council on Social Work . They were a consultant to the Rothschild Foundation and other foundations and private philanthropists in Israel and abroad .
They were the first Centraid-L. Jacques Menard Professor for the Study of Nonprofit Organizations , Volunteering and Philanthropy at the Paul Baerwald School of Social Work of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem and co-Chairman ( with Ralph Goldman ) of the Center for the Study of Philanthropy at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Social activism
Jaffe suggested the twinning concept in Project Renewal , whereby Jewish community federations worldwide and private philanthropists abroad link-up and twin directly in partnerships with specific disadvantaged neighborhoods in Israel . They were a co-founder of Zahavi - The Israel Association of Large Families , was a member of the Central Committee of the Israel Association of Social Workers , Chairman of the Israel Association of Academic Social Workers , advisor to social action groups of new immigrants and other disadvantaged Israelis . They were the first Chairman of the Israel Committee of the New Israel Fund ( which they left when the organization became political ) , and Chairman of the Academic Council of the International Sephardi Education Fund ( ISEF ) and founding member of the Israel Association of Professional Fundraisers .
In 1990 , they founded The Israel Free Loan Association ( IFLA ) to provide interest free loans for new immigrants and other needy `` working poor '' Israelis , which they serve as honorary president . The association has thus far provided over $ 170 million in revolving interest free loans to over 49,000 individuals and struggling small businesses in Israel .
Published works
In 2000 , Jaffe published a second edition of their book `` Giving Wisely : The Israel Guide to Nonprofit and Volunteer Organizations '' . This was followed shortly after with their book `` Sources of Funding : The Israel Foundation Directory '' . While working at the School of Social Work at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem , they conceptualized and created the website `` Giving Wisely '' that contained the content of both books and much additional material , in English and Hebrew . It contained nearly 30,000 full and partial profiles of Israeli nonprofit organizations and foundations . The site , Giving Wisely : The Internet Directory of Israeli Nonprofit and Philanthropic Organizations , was acclaimed by the Israeli and foreign press , donors and researchers in Israel and abroad , Israelis seeking services , and nonprofit organizations and foundations for contributing to the development and transparency of the Israeli nonprofit sector . The website closed in 2011 when its original goal was accomplished of getting government and private foundations to create a permanent `` GuideStar -Israel '' website , bringing transparency to the nonprofit Sector in Israel .
Awards and recognition
Jaffe received the President of Israel 's Citation for Outstanding Volunteer Activity in 1996 , the Sederot Conference award for contribution to Israeli society , and the Mayor of Jerusalem Award for Outstanding Nonprofit Association Leadership . They also received the Bernard Revel Memorial Award , presented annually to the most outstanding scholar and community leader among the alumni of Yeshiva University . In 2011 they received the Speaker of the Knesset Prize for improving the quality of life in Israel .
In 2012 they received the Yakir Yerushalayim Distinguished Citizen of Jerusalem award .
In 2017 , shortly before their death , Jaffe was one of the recipients of the Bonei Zion Prize awarded by Nefesh B'Nefesh to immigrants from English-speaking countries .
References
External links
Articles by Eliezer Jaffe on the Berman Jewish Policy Archive @ NYU Wagner
Video : Interview with Professor Jaffe at the University of Michigan-Dearborn , October 21 , 2009
1933 births
2017 deaths
Israeli sociologists
American sociologists
Israeli scientists
Jewish American scientists
American emigrants to Israel
Israeli Jews
Bonei Zion Prize recipients
21st-century American Jews
The Co-Cathedral of the Holy Cross ( ) also called Križevci Co-Cathedral , is a Catholic church located in Križevci , Croatia , and is the co-cathedral of the Diocese of Bjelovar-Križevci .
The church is mentioned in written sources as early as 1232 . The church was rebuilt over the centuries . In its initial stage is the portal of the fourteenth century and the present appearance in the Gothic style of the fifteenth century . Are noticeable late , Renaissance Gothic in the belfry and facade of the sixteenth century and Baroque style , on the ship . The church was completely restored in 1913 by architect Stephen Podhorski .
On December 5 , 2009 , with the establishment of the Diocese of Bjelovar-Križevci , the church was elevated to the status of co-cathedral , under the Bull `` De maiore spirituali bono '' of Pope Benedict XVI .
See also
Roman Catholicism in Croatia
Co-Cathedral
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Croatia
Križevci
Tourist attractions in Koprivnica-Križevci County
Buildings and structures in Koprivnica-Križevci County
John George Herbert , 8th Earl of Powis ( born 19 May 1952 ) , styled Viscount Clive between 1988 and 1993 , is a British peer . They sat in the House of Lords between 1993 and 1999 .
Early life
Herbert is the son of George William Herbert , 7th Earl of Powis and the Hon . Katharine Odeyne de Grey . Among their siblings are Hon . Michael Clive Herbert , Hon . Peter James Herbert , Hon . Edward David Herbert , Lorraine Elizabeth Herbert , and Nicola Wendy Herbert .
Their paternal grandparents were The Right Rev . Percy Herbert Bishop of Norwich , and the former Hon . Elaine Orde-Powlett ( a daughter of William Orde-Powlett , 5th Baron Bolton ) . Their maternal grandparents were Lt. Col. George de Grey , 8th Baron Walsingham and the former Hyacinth Lambart Bouwens .
They were expelled from their school , Wellington College , at the age of 14 or 15 , and says that they became anti-imperialist at that time . They later graduated from McMaster University , in Ontario , Canada , with a Master of Arts and , in 1994 , with a Doctor of Philosophy .
Career
Herbert was an assistant professor at Redeemer College in Hamilton , Ontario between 1990 and 1992 .
Upon the death of their father on 13 August 1993 , they succeeded as the 8th Earl of Powis in addition to a number of other subsidiary titles .
In 2021 , during the second episode of Empire State of Mind , Lord Powis told journalist Sathnam Sanghera that they wished a statue of their ancestor , Clive of India , was not in the centre of Shrewsbury .
Personal life
Herbert married Marijke Sofia Guther , daughter of Maarten Nanne Guther and Woutertje Bouw , in 1977 . They have four children :
Jonathan Nicholas William Herbert , Viscount Clive ( b . 1979 ) .
Lady Stephanie Moira Christina Herbert ( b . 1982 ) .
Lady Samantha Julie Esther Herbert ( b . 1988 ) .
Hon . Alexander Sebastian George Herbert ( b . 1994 ) .
`` The Herbert family still live in part of Powis Castle , under arrangement with the National Trust . '' The Castle contains `` an array of Mughal artifacts picked up by Clive and their family '' .
References
External links
John Herbert , 8th Earl of Powis
1952 births
Living people
Earls of Powis
John
Rami Abdel-Majeed Hassan Samara ( is a Jordanian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Al-Ramtha SC .
Rami 's father is Abdel-Majeed Samara , former head coach of Al-Ramtha SC , and their uncle is Abdel-Haleem Samara , president of Al-Ramtha SC .
International career
Rami 's first match with the Jordan national team was against Cyprus in an international friendly at Nicosia , May 19 , 2004 , when both teams ended the match with a 0-0 draw .
Honors and Participation in International Tournaments
In Pan Arab Games
2011 Pan Arab Games
References
External links
goal.com
1983 births
Living people
Jordanian footballers
Jordan international footballers
Association football midfielders
Al-Ramtha SC players
Al-Hussein SC ( Irbid ) players
KQRN ( 107.3 FM '' , Q107.3 ) is a radio station licensed in Mitchell , South Dakota , which serves the Mitchell , South Dakota Micropolitan Statistical Area , and Huron , South Dakota areas ( which make up the Mitchell-Huron media market ) . The station is owned by Nancy and Steve Nedved , through licensee Nedved Media , LLC . It airs an adult hits and a Top 40 rock and pop music format .
The station was assigned the KQRN call letters by the Federal Communications Commission .
Ownership
In February 2008 , Riverfront Broadcasting LLC of Yankton , South Dakota reached an agreement with NRG Media to purchase this station as part of a six station deal .
In late 2016 , Riverfront Broadcasting LLC sold the station , along with sister stations KORN News Radio 1490 , and KORN Country 92.1 to Nancy & Steve Nedved . Effective Sunday , January 1 , 2017 , the three station group is now known as Nedved Media , LLC .
References
External links
KQRN official website
QRN
Mass media in the Mitchell , South Dakota micropolitan area
Adult hits radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1974
William J. LaVarre ( 1898-1991 ) was an American geographer , explorer , and journalist known for their books Up the Mazaruni for Diamonds ( 1919 ) and Southward ho ! A Treasure Hunter in South America ( 1940 ) and for their anti-communist writings . They were the brother of actor John Merton and filmmaker André de la Varre .
Biography
LaVarre was born on August 4 , 1898 in Richmond , Virginia , to naval shipbuilder William Johanne LaVarre and Leilia Goddin Hayes LaVarre . Their grandfather , William LaVarre , was killed by a disgruntled millworker in Twiggs County , Georgia . LaVarre graduated from Townsend Harris Hall in New York , and took evening geography classes at Columbia University ; later they were a special geography student at Harvard . In the 1920s , they were sent to British Guiana as a collector of specimens for several geographic societies and became an expert on Brazilian rubber . In 1922 they made headlines for discovering what they claimed was the world 's largest diamond , in British Guiana .
In 1933 , at age 31 , LaVarre became the owner and editor of the Spartanburg Herald-Journal in South Carolina , after a hostile takeover . They also served as President of the Piedmont Press Association .
In 1935 LaVarre who was diamond-hunting in Suriname and heard a story about a man who from the sky , and was now living with the Amerindians in Paloemeu , who LaVarre believed to be the missing airman Paul Redfern . The American consulate sent an expedition to the village , but found nothing .
In 1938 , LaVarre met the famous prison escapee René Belbenoît and helped them publicize their memoir , Dry Guillotine , and wrote the Introduction . Dry Guillotine is considered more reliable and possibly the basis of the book Pappillon by Henri Charrière on which the 1973 film , Pappillon was based
LaVarre was widely known for antisemitic views . In 1951 LaVarre published “ Moscow 's Red Letter Day ” in the American Legion Magazine accusing Franklin Delano Roosevelt of inviting communism into the Americas in a secret deal with Maxim Litvinov that led to normalizing diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union by accepting the ambassadorship of A.A. Troyanovsky and appointing William Christian Bullitt Jr. ambassador to the Soviet Union . They were editor of the right wing magazine The American Mercury from 1957-1958 .
LaVarre married Alice Lucille Elliott in 1927 ; the couple had one daughter , Yvette , who later married James Cornelius Ruddell , Jr. , who was captured and held as a POW by North Korea during the Korean War .
LaVarre was a Fellow of the American Geographical Society and the Royal Geographical Society ( England ) . Their papers are held at the Hoover Institute .
Books
Jungle Treasure ( 1936 )
References
American geographers
American explorers
20th-century American journalists
1898 births
1991 deaths
Fellows of the Royal Geographical Society
American Geographical Society
Writers from Richmond , Virginia
American male journalists
Journalists from Virginia
20th-century American male writers
American magazine editors
Columbia University alumni
Editors of South Carolina newspapers
20th-century American newspaper editors
American expatriates in British Guiana
Tracy Tormé ( born April 12 , 1959 ) is an American screenwriter and television producer , known for their work on the science fiction series Sliders and Star Trek : The Next Generation , and the film Fire in the Sky .
Early life
Tormé was born on April 12 , 1959 , in Los Angeles , California to Arlene Miles and singer Mel Tormé .
Career
In the early 1980s , Tormé was a writer for Saturday Night Live .
In the late 1980s , they were a story editor and writer in the first season of Star Trek : The Next Generation , but left early in the second season over creative differences .
In 1991 with Barry Oringer , Tormé wrote the screenplay for the miniseries Intruders which ran on CBS in May 1992 . Intruders are based on the book of the same name by Budd Hopkins .
Tormé wrote the screenplay for the 1993 film Fire in the Sky based on Travis Walton 's book The Walton Experience .
With Robert K. Weiss they co-created the television series Sliders , which ran 1995–2000 .
Other series they have written for include Odyssey 5 and Carnivàle .
Accolades
Tormé was nominated for the 1993 Saturn Award for Best Writing for their screenplay on the film Fire in the Sky .
Personal life
Tormé has siblings Steve , Melissa , Daisy , and James Tormé , and step-siblings Carrie Tormé and Kurt Goldsmith .
References
Bibliography
Linaweaver , Brad ; Sliders : The Classic Episodes . 1998 . TV Books . New York . . Pages 274–75 .
External links
Transcript of speech by Tormé
1959 births
Television producers from California
American male screenwriters
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
American people of Belarusian-Jewish descent
Living people
Writers from Los Angeles
Screenwriters from California
Egg Venture is a 1997 arcade first-person shooter game developed by The Game Room and published by Innovative Concepts in Entertainment ( ICE ) .
Egg Venture is set up unusually for a game . The simple arcade game plot was to `` shoot bad things '' and avoid `` shooting good things '' . In the first version of Egg Venture , players progressed through the game based on `` days '' instead of levels . Each `` day '' players chose four unique missions of play that involved these CGI eggs with faces and floating hands .
Missions provided including target practice shooting frying pans instead of eggs , protecting scuba egg divers from green piranhas and mines , or shooting an egg 's submarine through the sea .
The original version of Egg Venture had no ending , and was programmed to simply get harder and harder until either the player was overwhelmed by the difficulty or simply gave up because of boredom . The game had several glitches , due to the nature of the hardware .
Later in 1997 , The Game Room released a deluxe version called Egg Venture Deluxe , which plotted an egg traveling around the world , bumping into landmarks along the way . Most of the game 's missions remained the same as the original version , however , many of the bugs were fixed and there was actually an ending that could 've been achieved in the game .
The theme music in the game bears a resemblance to `` The Great Egg Race '' by Martin Cooke and Richard Denton , but this appears to have been legitimately licensed .
Players can lose lives by :
Shooting an egg .
Letting an egg die where the players protect them .
Failing to reach a quota .
The Game Room also released a ticket redemption game called Eggs Playing Chicken , which used the same egg characters from this game . The eggs drove towards a brick wall , and the player had to stop them as close as possible to the brick wall without them crashing into it .
External links
Egg Venture at Arcade History
1997 video games
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Video games developed in the United States
The river tyrannulet ( Serpophaga hypoleuca ) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae , the tyrant flycatchers .
It is found in Peru , Venezuela and Brazil ; also river extensions into Ecuador , Colombia- ( border ) and Bolivia .
Its range consists of several Amazon Basin river-corridors and the Orinoco River drainage river corridors , and extending into neighbor countries , or a country-river border . Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist shrubland located along these corridors .
River corridor range
The river tyrannulet is found in the Amazon Basin along four major river wildlife corridors ; also two rivers in Venezuela , including the lower Orinoco . The river corridors are mostly contiguous stretches , about 100 to 150 km in width .
The rivers in the Amazon Basin , going upstream are the following : Amazon River , ( Tocantins , Araguaia— east of the Xingu ) , Xingu River , Madeira , and Marañón-Ucayali , ( in Amazonian Peru ) . For the Araguaia River , the bird 's range continues only downstream to the Tocantin confluence , then down the Tocantins to the Pacific , ( 500 km east of the Amazon River outlet ; the Xingu River confluence range connects to the Tocantins range . ) On the Madeira River , from Amazonian Bolivia , the range only extends into the country by 300 km of the 2300 km Madeira River range . Two other Amazon Basin river regions are : a tributary to the Marañón- ( named the Amazon River downstream ) in northern Peru , and a localized , non-corridor region on the lower Branco River , a tributary to the Amazon 's Rio Negro .
In Venezuela , the corridor ranges are on the lower half of the Orinoco River , and the Arauca River corridor to the west , on the Colombia-Venezuela border , about 700 km .
References
External links
River tyrannulet photo gallery VIREO
Photo-High Res ; Article pbase.com– ( Eastern Venezuela )
river tyrannulet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Venezuela
river tyrannulet
river tyrannulet
river tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The is a transportation company in Okayama City , Japan . The private company operates tram lines and bus lines .
The company was founded in 1910 , while their first tram line was opened in 1912 . This is one of the few Japanese railway operators that maintain their original corporation names from the foundation in Meiji Period . The company or its lines are truncated as . The company is a core member of Ryōbi Group , another core member being Ryōbi Bus . From October 1 , 2006 , together with Ryōbi Bus and Shimotsui Dentetsu , another bus company , Okaden introduced Hareca , a smart card ticketing system . They accept PiTaPa and ICOCA as well .
Tram lines
With just 4.7 km in total , the tram lines are known to be one of the shortest in Japan .
Lines
■ Higashiyama Line : Okayama-Ekimae — Yanagawa — Higashiyama
■ Seikibashi Line : Okayama-Ekimae — Yanagawa — Seikibashi ( Officially , the section between Okayama-Ekimae and Yanagawa belongs to Higashiyama Line . )
Bus lines
Generally speaking , Okaden operates lines with shorter distances within Okayama City , while Ryōbi Bus operates lines with longer distances . They also operate limousine bus linking Okayama Station and Okayama Airport , while Okaden Express is a highway bus that links Okayama and Kōbe / Kōbe Airport .
Supporting other railway lines
Okaden is known for its active stance to try to support other railway lines , when their operators announced to close them . So far , they have considered supporting 4 lines of Meitetsu ( Gifu City Line , Ibi Line , Minomachi Line , and Tagami Line ) , as well as Hitachi Dentetsu Line , Nankai Kishigawa Line , and Hokkaidō Chihoku Kōgen Railway Furusato Ginga Line . Among them , they succeeded to support Kishigawa Line , now operated by Wakayama Electric Railroad , their subsidiary company .
See also
List of light-rail transit systems
External links
Okayama
Bus companies of Japan
Tram transport in Japan
Transport in Okayama Prefecture
Anja Mischke ( born 29 April 1967 ) is a former West German female speed skater . They represented West Germany at the 1988 Winter Olympics and competed in the women 's 1500m and in the women 's 3000m speed skating events .
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
German female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of West Germany
, also known by their Chinese style name , was a prince of the Ryukyu Kingdom .
Chatan Chōki was the second son of King Shō Eki , and was also a younger brother of King Shō Kei . They became the adopted son of Chatan Chōai because Chōai had no heir . After Chōai died in 1719 , they became the second head of a royal family called Ufumura Udun ( ) .
Chōki was skilled at writing Waka and Classical Chinese poetry . According to the Zhongshan Chuanxin lu ( ) , Chinese envoys came to Ryukyu to install Shō Kei as the new king in 1720 . Chōki wrote a Chinese poem to the Deputy Envoy ( ) Xu Baoguang ( ) . Xu also wrote a poem in response .
Chōki served as sessei from 1722 to 1739 . During their term , they supported Sai On 's reform , and signed many laws . Like their adopted father , they died without an heir .
The name `` Prince Chatan '' appeared in an Okinawan folktale : . In this folktale , Prince Chatan was skilled at go . They killed , a Vajrayana Buddhist monk , and was cursed , all their sons died young . The prototype of `` Prince Chatan '' is unclear . Some scholars considered them to be Chatan Chōki . Sai On supported Confucianism and suppressed Buddhism in their reform ; Many Buddhists hated Sai On but dared not to satirize him , so they wove a tale to attack Chatan Chōki , who was an important supporter of Sai On . But others considered `` Prince Chatan '' to be Chatan Chōai , the adopted father of Chōki .
References
|-
Princes of Ryūkyū
Sessei
1703 births
1739 deaths
People of the Ryukyu Kingdom
Ryukyuan people
18th-century Ryukyuan people
Sean P. Leary is an American college baseball coach and former shortstop . They are the head baseball coach at Lehigh University . Leary played college baseball at Lehigh for coach Stan Schultz from 1990 to 1993 .
Playing career
Leary enrolled at Lehigh University , to play college baseball for the Lehigh Engineers baseball team .
Leary became a starter as a senior in 1993 , hitting a .296 with 1 homer run and 15 RBIs .
Coaching career
Leary was an assistant in 1995 for Lehigh under new head coach , Tom Morgan . With Morgan experiencing health issues during the 1996 season , which ultimately led to their death , Leary was named the interim head coach . After leading the Engineers to an 18–20–1 record in 1996 , Leary was named the full-time head coach on December 12 , 1996 .
Leary lead the Mountain Hawks to a 28–28 record in 2006 , tied for first place in the Patriot League . Leary was named the 2006 Patriot League Coach of the Year .
Leary engineered a 12-game turnaround from 2009 to 2010 , leading to a second place Patriot League finish and being named the Patriot League Coach of the Year for the second time .
Head coaching record
See also
List of current NCAA Division I baseball coaches
References
External links
Lehigh Mountain Hawks bio
Living people
Baseball shortstops
Lehigh Mountain Hawks baseball players
Lehigh Mountain Hawks baseball coaches
Year of birth missing ( living people )
A Swiss arrow ( also known as a Yorkshire arrow , Dutch arrow , Scotch arrow , or Gypsy arrow ) is a weapon similar to an arrow , but thrown with a lanyard , retained via a small notch close to the fletching . It is very similar to an amentum and uses the same principle as a spear-thrower .
Design
The arrow shaft is made from wood . A slit is cut at one end to take a pair of card flights , and the other end is given a point . An all-important notch or shallow groove is cut into or around the shaft , just below the flights . After the flights are inserted , the open end of the slit is closed with string or a rubber band to prevent the flights from falling out .
Use
To launch the arrow , the thrower uses a length of string that is longer than the length of the arrow itself . A knot is tied in one end of the string , and this is placed into the notch or groove in the arrow shaft . The rest of the string is then passed around the shaft once , and is made to align over and above the knot before being stretched down to the point end of the arrow . The string is tightened , ensuring that the knotted end stays within the notch , and the surplus is wound around the thrower 's throwing hand . The throwing hand with the string wound around it should be near the point end of the arrow , with the thrower able to easily grip the end .
The arrow is then held behind the thrower , with the string taut . The throwing arm should be as fully extended as possible , enabling the arrow to be thrown like a javelin , but held much closer to the tip . Following through with the throwing hand allows the string to provide additional forward force on the arrow , extending the length and reach of the thrower 's arm , in a fashion similar to a sling . A distance of about can easily be achieved .
See also
Atlatl
Kestros
Woomera ( spear-thrower )
References
Throwing weapons
Arrow types
The 2004–05 season was the 93rd season in the history of Cambridge United F.C. , and the club 's final season in the Football League after a 35-year stay since their initial election in 1970 . As well as relegation to the Football Conference for the first time in the club 's history , the club was in disarray off the pitch , entering administration and selling their Abbey Stadium home .
Background
Cambridge United were founded in 1912 as Abbey United , named after the Abbey district of Cambridge . For many years they played amateur football until their election to the Football League in 1970 . The early 1990s was Cambridge 's most successful period ; managed by John Beck the club won the first ever play-off final at Wembley Stadium and gained promotion from the Fourth Division before reaching two successive FA Cup quarter finals in 1990 and 1991 and winning the Third Division in 1991 . The club reached the play-offs in 1992 but failed in their bid to become founder members of the Premier League . This was the club 's highest final league placing to date and since then it has been in almost constant decline .
The following season the club sacked Beck and were relegated from the First Division . Further relegation followed two seasons later . United returned briefly to Division Two but were relegated in 2002 . After struggling in League Two , the best Cambridge fans were hoping for during the season was to avoid relegation and the financial trouble that would bring .
Match results
League results
League Cup
FA Cup
League table
See also
2004–05 in English football
2004–05 Football League Two
References
Cambridge United F.C . seasons
Cambridge United
Hayden Taylor Lindley ( born 2 September 2002 ) is an English footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Newport County on loan from Premier League club Aston Villa . Lindley is a product of the Aston Villa Academy and was also on the books of Manchester City and Blackburn Rovers as a junior .
Career
Early career
After impressing for the under-eights team of local side Honley Junior Football Club , Lindley joined the youth setup at Blackburn Rovers in October 2008 . Soon after , they also began training with Manchester City 's academy at a site in Bradford . Lindley was also approached by Leeds United but did not join them . Lindley remained with City until July 2019 , when they departed to join Aston Villa .
Aston Villa
On 8 January 2021 , Lindley made their first team debut for Aston Villa as a substitute in a FA Cup third round tie against Liverpool , after Villa had been forced to name a team of inexperienced academy players following a large amount of positive COVID-19 tests affected the first team .
On 24 May 2021 , Lindley was part of the Aston Villa U18s team that won the FA Youth Cup , beating Liverpool U18s 2–1 in the final .
On 7 July 2021 , they were one of several young players who signed a new contract with Aston Villa . Lindley again appeared for the first team on 24 August 2021 in Villa 's away EFL Cup victory at Barrow , coming off the bench in the second half as a substitute for Frédéric Guilbert .
On 1 September 2022 , Lindley joined Newport County on loan for the remainder of the 2022-23 season . They made their debut for Newport on the 13 September 2022 as a second half substitute in the 1-0 League Two defeat to Stevenage .
Career statistics
Notes
Honours
Aston Villa U18s
FA Youth Cup : 2020–21
References
External links
AVFC Profile
2002 births
Living people
Footballers from Huddersfield
English footballers
Association football midfielders
English Football League players
Aston Villa F.C . players
Newport County A.F.C . players
The 2021 season in Ecuadorian football includes all the matches of the different national male and female teams , as well as the local club tournaments , and the participation of these in international competitions in which representatives of the country 's teams will participate .
National teams
Ecuador national football team
Kits
Friendly matches
2022 FIFA World Cup qualification
2021 Copa América
Group B
Knockout stage
CONMEBOL competitions
CONMEBOL Copa Libertadores
Qualifying stages
First qualifying stage
| }
Second qualifying stage
| }
Third qualifying stage
| }
Group stage
Group A
Group C
Group G
Knockout phase
Round of 16
| }
Quarter-finals
| }
CONMEBOL Copa Sudamericana
First stage
| }
Group stage
Group D
Group G
Final phase
Round of 16
| }
Men 's football
League season
Serie A
First stage
Second stage
Aggregate table
Serie B
Segunda Categoría
Copa Ecuador
The 2021 Copa Ecuador would have been held from the third week of August , but the tournament was cancelled after the company which held the broadcasting rights alleged problems .
Supercopa Ecuador
Final
Notes
References
Football in Ecuador
Zachary Laoutides ( born December 13 , 1986 ) is an American actor , screenwriter and filmmaker from Chicago , Illinois . In 2014 , they co-founded independent film company Ave Fenix Pictures , the first Latino film studio in Chicago and originator of an art house filmmaking style known as `` la raza '' . Inspired by La raza cósmica , this technique involves working together with the urban youth in recreating their own stories , regardless of film background .
Their first starring role was in the film Adiós Vaya con Dios ( 2014 ) , which earned them nominations for Best Actor and Best Screenplay at the Bel Air Film Festival . They also wrote and acted in Ave Fenix Pictures ' Arise from Darkness ( 2018 ) , based on the story of psychic Lázaro Rubén Torres , and Black Ruby ( 2019 ) , claimed to be the `` first feature to be shot on an iPhone 7 . ''
Early life
Laoutides was born in 1986 in Chicago where they studied media and journalism . They spent their early years working in community outreach and introducing the performing arts to youth at risk . They reside in Chicago and is still active in community outreach working with Mónica Esmeralda León .
They are of Sephardic , Greek , Turkish and Slovenian heritage . Laoutides surname originates from the Arabic musical instrument oud ; their paternal grandmother 's family was from the Aegean Islands and the Biblical town of Smyrna , the Mizrahim Sephardi-proper communities of Turkey modern day Izmir . Their Eastern European ancestry were ethnic minorities from the Austrian Empire and Russia Empire ; Slovenian with some Polish and Scandinavian . Their Jewish heritage traces back to Levite rabbinical families Halevi and Benveniste of the 11th to the 15th century in Barcelona . Their background includes Moroccan Jewish , Indian Jewish and distant Latino roots from their father 's grandmother
Laoutides holds three nationalities , namely American , Mexican , and Israeli .
Career
Laoutides 's first role was in Adiós Vaya con Dios , released worldwide by Indican Pictures on January 19 , 2016 . Laoutides starred in the film and wrote the screenplay while living in an urban Latino neighborhood , about a half white and half Mexican gang member trying to leave the barrio . Adiós Vaya con Dios was the first movie to use real gangs and streets artists . Laoutides was nominated as Best Actor and Best Screenplay writer at the Bel Air Film Festival where Adiós Vaya con Dios earned an Official Selection and Runner-up for Best Audience Feature Film .
They were also the finalist out of Chicago for Simon Fuller 's XIX Entertainment nationwide talent search for new actors .
Laoutides was a musician on the Adiós Vaya con Dios soundtrack , composing and producing several songs . The movie was first to integrate a British and Mexican rock soundtrack over a Latino urbanized film .
In 2014 Laoutides co-founded Ave Fenix Pictures with Mónica Esmeralda León . Ave Fenix Pictures is the first Latino film studio in Chicago .
In 2016 Laoutides wrote and starred in Arise from Darkness , an official selection at Film Invasion L.A. based on true events in the early life of psychic Lázaro Rubén Torres , who was declared clinically dead five times . Laoutides composed and produced several tracks for the movie 's soundtrack . Laoutides was nominated for Best Screenplay and shared in the nominations for Best Feature Film and Best Director . The film received three four stars reviews from Examiner.com , Inquisitr , and The Levity Ball , with critics comparing Laoutides performance to the opening of Javier Bardem 's character Anton Chigurh in No Country for Old Men ( film ) . The film was ranked number one in the 10 Best Supernatural Horror Movies Of The Last Decade , Ranked According to IMDb Rating .
In 2017 Laoutides premiered the film Black Ruby at the London Independent Film Awards . The company claimed it was the first to be shot with an iPhone 7 . They earned nine nominations in London and Rome . Laoutides also changed their eye color , skin tone , and hair color for their role in the movie . Their performance was compared with Montgomery Clift and Marlon Brando .
The Los Angeles Film Forum Awards critics called them `` the best natural independent actor of 2018 and a master at subtlety . '' They were named one of the Top Indie actors to look for in 2019 .
Laoutides being referred as a “ method actor ” , whose schooling was in journalism and sees acting as an extension using research to create their characters . They were compared to a young independent dark version of Ryan Gosling at the Los Angeles Film Festival .
In September 2020 , Laoutides was cast along with Jaime Zevallos and Alexander James Rodriguez in the upcoming film `` Where Sweet Dreams Die . '' The movie completed shooting in Chicago and New York in March of 2022 .
Filmography
References
External links
Zachary Laoutides on Facebook
Zachary Laoutides on Instagram
American people of Greek descent
21st-century American male actors
Male actors from Chicago
American male film actors
1986 births
Living people
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
American people of Greek-Jewish descent
American people of Sephardic-Jewish descent
American people of Turkish descent
American Sephardic Jews
Jewish American male actors
21st-century American Jews
Redefine may refer to :
Redefine ( Soil album ) , 2004
Redefine ( Dragon Fli Empire album ) , 2009
Redefine ( magazine ) , an independent music and art magazine from the United States
`` Redefine '' , a 2002 rap song by Mars Ill
`` Redefine '' , a song by the American band Bright from their self-titled album
See also
Redefin
`` Redefinition '' , an episode of the television show Angel
`` That 's All They Wrote '' is a song by American rapper T.I . featuring fellow American rapper Eminem , released on January 11 , 2011 as the eighth single from the former 's seventh studio album No Mercy ( 2010 ) . The song was written by the artists and producer Dr. Luke , with co-production from Max Martin ..
Background
The track was written by both T.I . and Eminem , and features two verses from each rapper . The song marks their second collaboration , with the first being `` Touchdown '' , from T.I . 's fifth studio album T.I . vs. T.I.P . ( 2007 ) . Eminem 's vocals on the tracks have been called `` vicious '' and `` exhilaratingly mean '' . The first and second chorus , and the first , third , and fifth verses were delivered by T.I . ; while the third chorus and the second and fourth verses were delivered by Eminem ; and the last chorus was delivered by both rappers .
Solo version
The solo version of this song by Eminem was released as a song off their greatest hits album , Follow the Future Presents : The Hits & Unreleased 2 . It features a new verse and their verses and chorus of the original song . This track was n't released for retail .
Critical reception
Generally , `` That 's All They Wrote '' was well-reviewed by critics . Ken Capobianco of The Boston Globe claimed the song is one of the best tracks on No Mercy , saying it `` strut [ s ] with the undeniable T.I . charm and bravado . '' Nathan Rabin of The A.V . Club praised the song . They thought it was the only song on No Mercy in which T.I . does n't sound `` rote and generic '' and said the song `` boasts a vicious , exhilaratingly mean guest turn from Eminem . ''
Track listing
Digital download
Charts
References
External links
2011 singles
T.I . songs
Eminem songs
Songs written by T.I .
Songs written by Eminem
Songs written by Dr. Luke
Song recordings produced by Max Martin
Song recordings produced by Dr. Luke
Grand Hustle Records singles
Atlantic Records singles
General Stig Gustaf Eugén Synnergren ( 25 February 1915 – 29 April 2004 ) was a Swedish Army officer who was the Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces from 1970 to 1978 . Synnergren was a strong advocate for the conscription system and during their time as Supreme Commander the combat aircraft Saab 37 Viggen was introduced . Synnergren was famous for advancing from the rank of captain to becoming the `` youngest general in the modern times '' in just five years .
Early life
Synnergren was born on 25 February 1915 in Överluleå Parish , Boden Municipality , Sweden , the son of Gösta Synnergren , an engine driver , and their wife Sara ( née Carlstén ) . Their father was also a Social Democratic city councilman in Boden and their mother was a Social Democratic member of the child welfare committee . Synnergren 's school years were marked by sports , physical education and outdoor recreation . They passed studentexamen in Luleå in 1936 with the grades A in physics and a in mathematics and chemistry . They were then admitted to the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm . They had at this time no thought of becoming an officer .
The turning point of their life happened during a fall day in 1936 during the Berlin Olympics in which Synnergren participated as a member of the Swedish gymnastics squad . The experience of Adolf Hitler , surrounded by the Third Reich throughout threatening paramilitary splendor changed Synnergren 's choice of career . Like so many of their peers , they had a strong feeling that a new world war was imminent . They withdrew their application to the Royal Institute of Technology and decided to become an officer . In 1939 , as World War II broke out , they finished first in their class at the Swedish Infantry Officer Candidate School at the Royal Military Academy .
Career
Military career
Synnergren was commissioned as an officer with the rank of second lieutenant in 1939 and served in the Ski Battalion ( I 19 K ) in Kiruna during World War II and guarded the Norwegian border when Germany occupied Narvik . After the German attack on Norway on 9 April 1940 , they as an intelligence officer in the regimental staff , on several occasions , alone and on skis , got into the war zone in Northern Norway to make contact with the Norwegian forces and gather intelligence within the German dominated area . Because of their fell experience and skills , they became , after a brief interlude as a cadet officer at Karlberg in 1944 , the head of evacuation in Jokkmokk and was as such responsible for management of the Norwegian refugees . After the war , they were appointed captain in 1946 and did in a short time a rapid military career .
Synnergren graduated from the Royal Swedish Army Staff College in 1948 and became a cadet of the General Staff and then captain of the General Staff . They conducted studies in the Norwegian Army in 1950 and 1953 , the British Army in 1951 and 1953 and the United States Army in 1951 and 1959 . They were a teacher at the Royal Swedish Army Staff College from 1953 to 1956 and again from 1957 to 1958 . Synnergren was promoted to major in 1957 and was head of the Tactics Department at the Army Staff from 1958 to 1960 . They studied at the Swedish National Defence College in 1960 and was promoted to lieutenant colonel in the Svea Life Guards ( I 1 ) in 1961 .
Between 1962-63 they were commanding officer of Västernorrland Regiment ( I 21 ) . In 1963 they were promoted to major general and appointed Chief of the Army Staff and of the General Staff Corps . Between 1966-67 they were the military commander of Bergslagen Military District ( Milo B ) . In 1967 they were promoted to lieutenant general and appointed Chief of the Defence Staff and was three years later promoted to general and appointed Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces . During Synnergren 's time as the Supreme Commander , a series of long-term decisions were made that meant big changes for the defense . The policy of neutrality was concluded and thus the idea of a strong defense of universal conscription . It was decided that the aircraft Viggen would be developed while reorganizing and cut-backs were made in the Army and Navy .
Synnergren was in the media most closely associated with military intelligence as the secret intelligence agency IB was exposed during their time as Supreme Commander .
Other work
Synnergren had during and after their military career a series of positions of trust . They were chief of Their Majesty 's Military Staff from 1978 to 1986 , chairperson of the Swedish Tourist Association from 1976 to 1987 and chairperson of the Swedish Ski Association from 1973 to 1975 . They were also chairperson of Stora AB from 1980 to 1986 , Bergvik och Ala AB from 1981 and board member of Saab-Scania from 1981 to 1990 , LKAB from 1982 to 1986 , Saab Combitech from 1982 to 1990 and the International Ski Federation from 1976 to 1988 . Synnergren was also a board member of the East Economic Office ( Öst Ekonomiska Byrån ) , an agency which occupied a special position among the agencies engaged in the Swedish military intelligence .
Personal life
In 1941 , Synnergren married junior school teacher Margit Lindgren ( 1916–2016 ) , the daughter of the first office clerk at SJ , Anton Lindgren and their wife Anna Richardsson . They were the father of Britta ( born 1942 ) , Kristina ( born 1946 ) and Elisabeth ( born 1947 ) .
Death
Synnergren died on 28 April 2004 in Hedvig Eleonora Parish , Stockholm . They were interred at Galärvarvskyrkogården in Stockholm .
Dates of rank
13 April 1939 – Second lieutenant
4 April 1941 – Lieutenant
1 April 1947 – Captain
1 April 1957 – Major
1 October 1961 – Lieutenant colonel
1 August 1962 – Colonel
1 October 1963 – Major general
1 April 1967 – Lieutenant general
1 October 1970 – General
Awards and decorations
H. M. The King 's Medal , 12th size gold medal worn around the neck on a chain of gold ( 1978 )
Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword ( 6 June 1970 )
Commander 1st Class of the Order of the Sword ( 11 November 1966 )
Knight of the Order of the Sword ( before 1963 )
Swedish Ski Association 's Sixtus Medal ( 1988 )
Foreign
Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon ( 26 October 1981 )
Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav ( 1 July 1973 )
Honours
Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences ( 1956 )
Honorary member of the Royal Swedish Society of Naval Sciences ( 1970 )
Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences ( 1977 )
References
External links
Article at Svenskt biografiskt lexikon
1915 births
2004 deaths
Swedish Army generals
People from Boden Municipality
Commanders Grand Cross of the Order of the Sword
Grand Crosses with Star and Sash of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of War Sciences
Members of the Royal Swedish Society of Naval Sciences
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences
20th-century Swedish military personnel
Burials at Galärvarvskyrkogården
Chiefs of the Defence Staff ( Sweden )
Hans Pieren ( born 23 January 1962 ) is a Swiss former alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and 1992 Winter Olympics .
External links
1962 births
Living people
Swiss male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Switzerland
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Pentavryso ( ) , known before 1927 as Kotlari ( ) , is a village located 6 km northeast of Ptolemaida , in northern Kozani regional unit , within the Greek region of Macedonia . It is situated at an altitude of 600 meters . The postal code is 50200 , while the telephone code is +30 24630 . At the 2011 census the population was 224 .
References
Populated places in Kozani ( regional unit )
Luiz Carlos Medina ( born 23 April 1990 ) , commonly known as Medina , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as right back or a midfielder .
Career
Born in Jaraguá do Sul , Santa Catarina , Medina began their career in 2006 with hometown club Juventus . In 2007 , they moved to Avaí , initially assigned to the under-20s .
Along with the time base of Avaí made a major campaign in the Copa São Paulo de Futebol Júnior 2009 when the club finished in third place , being disqualified in the semi-final champions Corinthians , and Medina scored three goals .
Their great prominence began in 2009 , Medina was one of the highlights of the team winning the Championship Avaí Catarina .
The manager of Medina is the idol of Brazilian soccer , Falcão which came to announce the hiring of revelation Avaiana for Santos in April 2009 , this announcement contradicted by the president of Avaí João Nílson Zunino . Another club that showed interest in having the football Medina was Vasco da Gama , but nothing has changed .
In the opening match of the Championship 2010 in Santa Catarina Avai the Brusque won by 3-0 Medina noted their first goal as a professional . It was the team 's second goal on 33 minutes and was the first time .
In the second half of 2010 , after two games played by Avaí Cup Sub-23 , Medina is advertised as strengthening the ASA Arapiraca on loan to the continuing dispute Series B .
On 8 June 2011 , they moved to Brazilian Série C side Chapecoense on free transfer along with their Avaí teammate Rodrigo Thiesen .
Career statistics
( Correct )
Honours
Avaí
Campeonato Catarinense : 2009 , 2010
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Avaí FC players
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense players
Ituano FC players
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol players
Guarani FC players
Mirassol Futebol Clube players
`` The Trip '' is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Kim Fowley . It first appeared on the A-side of Fowley 's debut single as a solo artist , which was released in early 1965 on Corby Records ( see 1965 in music ) . Anticipating the surreal essence of psychedelia , and their early work with the Mothers of Invention , `` The Trip '' remains one of Fowley 's most experimental compositions of their recording career . Lyrically , the song is regarded as one of the earliest recordings to explicitly make references to LSD .
In the composition , Fowley , with a lascivious tone , encourages those depressed with the world to escape it by taking LSD , pronouncing `` Summertime 's here , kiddies , and it 's time to take a trip ! To take trips ! '' . The contents become more bizarre as they describe hallucinogenic visions of animals , and drug-induced seduction . Remarkably , despite `` The Trip '' 's unusual arrangement , it became a regional hit in Los Angeles , and was covered by noted deejay Godfrey in 1966 , and by The Fire Escape in 1967 . An advertisement in a November 1965 edition of the Los Angeles Free Press promoting the remaining copies of `` The Trip '' suggest the single was one of the earliest works to obviously speak about the psychedelic experience . Since its initial pressing , the song has appeared most notably on Pebbles , Volume 1 and the 1998 expanded box-set of Nuggets : Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era , 1965–1968 . Godfrey 's rendition , retitled `` Let 's Take a Trip '' , is featured on Pebbles , Volume 3 .
The track was featured on the soundtrack for the 2008 film RocknRolla by director Guy Ritchie .
References
1965 songs
Songs about drugs
Songs written by Kim Fowley
Ole Jørn Myklebust ( born 30 April 1977 in Eidsdal , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz musician ( trumpet , flugelhorn and vocals ) , educated at the Norges Musikkhøgskole . Known for performing in Subtonic , Køhn/Johansen Sextet , Geir Lysne Listening Ensemble , Østenfor Sol and Dixi , Myklebust has collaborated with Mari Boine and Unni Wilhelmsen .
Career
Myklebust was voted `` The Best Young Jazz Musicians in Norway '' in 2000 . They have also played with the band Østenfor Sol , in addition to Mari Boine 's and Unni Wilhelmsen 's bands . Myklebust also works as composer , musical arranger and producer . They have composed music for TV , film , and documentaries . They came in as a substitute on the trumpet with Mike del Ferro Quintet , with among others Anne Paceo ( drums ) , on their Norway tour in January 2012 .
Discography
From Groove.no & Discogs.com
As band leader
With `` Østenfor Sol ''
1998 : Syng , Dovre ( MajorStudio )
2001 : Troillspel ( MajorStudio )
With `` Subtonic ''
2004 : In This House ( Aim Records )
2006 : Oslo Jazzfestival 20 År ( Oslo Jazzfestival ) , various artists live – on the track `` Subtonic »
As sideman
With Geir Lysne
2002 : Aurora Borealis – Nordic Lights ( ACT Records ) , Suite For Jazz Orchestra
2003 : Korall ( ACT Records ) , `` Geir Lysne Listening Ensemble '' feat . Sondre Bratland
2006 : Boahjenásti – The North Star ( ACT Records ) , `` Geir Lysne Listening Ensemble ''
With `` Notodden Blues Band '' & Torhild Sivertsen
2003 : Soul ( Bluestown Records )
With Køhn/Johansen
2003 : Angels ( Real Records ) , on the track `` Mercurial Love »
With Bugge Wesseltoft
2004 : New Conception of Jazz : Film Ing ( Jazzland Records ) , on the tracks `` Hi Is ? '' & `` Oh Ye »
With Samsaya
2004 : Shedding Skin ( Port Azur/Tuba )
With Jaa9 & Onkl P
2004 : Sjåre Brymæ ( C+C Records , Sonet Music )
With Dum Dum Boys
2006 : Gravitasjon ( Oh Yeah ! /EMI Virgin ) , on the track `` Lunta Brenner »
2009 : Tidsmaskin ( Oh Yeah ! /EMI Virgin )
With Unni Wilhelmsen
2006 : Til Meg ( St. Cecilia Music )
With Torun Eriksen
2006 : Your Guide to the North Sea Jazz Festival 2006 , various artists – on the track `` This Is So Real ''
With `` El Axel ''
2007 : It Is Wha It Is ( Pass It Records ) , on the track `` Showtime ( Move Your Arms ) »
With Paal Flaata
2008 : Old Angel Midnight ( Pass It Records ) , on the track `` Ten Pretty Houses in a Row »
With Brynjar Rasmussen
2011 : Arctic Mood ( Nordnorsk Jazzsenter , Finito Bacalao Records )
As arranger for Jim Stärk
2002 : Ten Songs and Hey Hey – ( BP/Sonet )
References
External links
Artistside på Groove.no
Norwegian trumpeters
People from Eidsdal
20th-century Norwegian trumpeters
21st-century Norwegian trumpeters
Norwegian jazz trumpeters
Male trumpeters
Norwegian jazz composers
Norwegian Academy of Music alumni
1977 births
Living people
Musicians from Møre og Romsdal
Male jazz composers
20th-century Norwegian male musicians
21st-century Norwegian male musicians
USS Volador ( IX-59 ) was a wooden-hulled schooner acquired by the United States Navy in 1942 and after transfer to the United States Army seeing service in the Southwest Pacific Area during World War II as an early command and communications ship . The schooner was designed by William Gardiner and built at Wilmington , California by William Müller and Company in 1926 . The yacht was owned by W. L. Valentine , a California yachtsman and Commodore of the California Yacht Club in 1931 .
Yacht Volador
The yacht was designed by William Gardiner and built in 1926 for W. L. Valentine , California yachtsman and Commodore of the California Yacht Club , by William Müller and Company in 1926 . Registry information for the yacht in 1933 shows Volador with Official Number 225571 , signal letters KGAV , changed from MGCF in the 1930 register , , registered length of ,
breadth and a depth of , 120 horsepower diesel engine , a crew of nine and home port of Los Angeles .
In June 1927 the yacht sailed to Alaska with Valentine , their wife and three sons with a crew of ten for fishing in Alaska and British Columbia returning with a stop in Victoria , British Columbia in August . Valentine stated they planned to repeat the trip the next year .
War service
The Navy acquired Volador from W. L. Valentine on 2 February 1942 and placed the vessel in service on 19 February 1942 as a miscellaneous auxiliary vessel designated as IX-59 with the Port Director , San Pedro , California . The vessel operated locally within the 11th Naval District until July 1943 when they were temporarily transferred to the Coast Guard for operational training of Coast Guard district personnel . On 17 August 1943 , Volador was delivered to the War Shipping Administration and struck from the Navy List on 3 September 1943 .
The War Shipping Administration transferred the schooner to the War Department for operation by the US Army as a communications ship in the Southwest Pacific Area ( SWPA ) . Volador was a part of the `` CP fleet '' , a flotilla of small vessels equipped with radio and Signal Corps personnel first acting as relays from forward areas that expanded into full forward command post communications facilities . Volador participated in the Papua-New Guinea campaign along with the Australian acquired vessels Harold and Argosy Lemal and Geoanna , another US vessel sent to SWPA and used as a communications ship . In addition to standard CP fleet duties Volador became a radio repair ship `` to supply floating maintenance wherever most required . ''
Post war
Volador departed Manila on 28 January 1950 for Hong Kong with owner George B. Ross , their eleven year old son and a crew of eleven . The U.S. 13th air force searched for the overdue yacht in February , unsuccessfully , as the yacht had put into Kwangchow-wan ( Guangzhouwan ) , also noted as Fort-Bayard in reports , after weather and other problems caused Ross to head for what they thought was still territory under French concession . On arrival the yacht was boarded by heavily armed Chinese Communist and interned along with the crew accused of spying . Ross and crew , less one crew member accidentally drowned during captivity , were eventually pushed across the border into Hong Kong dirty and penniless after sixty-four days in detention . Ross chartered the tug Alicia Moiler to reclaim the yacht itself but the crew had obtained a court order in Hong Kong impounding the vessel against a claim for back pay .
References
Further reading
External links
1926 ships
Ships built in Los Angeles
South West Pacific theatre of World War II
Unclassified miscellaneous vessels of the United States Navy
Ships of the United States Army
Zoran Gopčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Гопчевић ; 29 January 1955 – 30 September 2000 ) was a water polo player . As a member of Yugoslavia 's water polo team they won a silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics .
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo ( men )
References
Vaterpolo Klub Primorac Kotor : http : //primorac.me/klub/legende.html
External links
1952 births
2000 deaths
Yugoslav male water polo players
Olympic medalists in water polo
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic water polo players of Yugoslavia
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Levi Spaulding ( 22 August 1791 – 18 June 1873 ) was a missionary for the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions to Ceylon ( now Sri Lanka ) , and led a team of American missionaries to choose the American Madura Mission site for the Tamil people of South India .
They were an evangelist , hymnist and published a Tamil dictionary and an English-Tamil dictionary .
Biography
Early life
They were born on 22 August 1791 in Jaffrey , New Hampshire , to Elisabeth and Phinehas Spaulding . They pursued a career as a farmer until the death of their father in 1809 . They graduated from Dartmouth College in 1815 and Andover Theological Seminary in the Tabernacle Church , Salem , Massachusetts in 1818 . Along with Henry Woodward , Fisk , and Miron Winslow they were ordained by the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions ( ABCFM ) in 1818 and was married to Mary Christie the same year .
Missionary work
As a missionary under ABCFM , they along with fellow-missionaries like John Scudder , the first medical missionary , sailed for Calcutta , India on 8 June 1819 from Boston and arrived Jaffna , Ceylon , on 1 December 1820 . Upon their arrival at the mission station , they were initially placed at Manepay ( also spelled as Manipay ) , where they served between 1821 and 1828 ; later , they served at Tellippalai ( also spelled Tillipally ) from 1828 and 1833 .
They spent most of their missionary career at Oodooville ( also spelled Uduville or Uduvil ) , where they supervised the church , schools , and did evangelistic work among heathens in villages . Besides their work in school at Oodooville , they were a preacher who preferred to go into the crowd and reach them in their own idiom ; hence , they got to know the natives mind and heart better than other missionaries . Their wife Mary Spaulding took charge of the girl 's boarding school in Uduvelli for almost forty years . In January 1834 , they led the group of American missionaries to explore the suitable locations for a new ABCFM mission station to the Tamil people of South India ; thus , Madura , also spelled Madurai , was identified as the right site for new American Madura Mission under the guidance of Levi Spaulding . In July 1834 , Henry Richard Hoisington and William Todd visited ; subsequently , Hoisington returned after two months while Todd remained .
They died at an age of eighty-two on 18 June 1873 after fifty-four years of missionary service in India and Sri Lanka .
Bibliography
From 1838 , they devoted much of their time in revisions for mission press and translation activities . They published Pilgrim 's Progress , wrote hymns and tracts that also included Social Hymns and Sacred Songs . In 1852 , they compiled and published a Tamil dictionary and an English-Tamil dictionary .
They also spent considerable time at Madras , a mission station of American Madras Mission , at the behest of Bible Society in Madras for the revision of Scriptures . While at Oodooville , they made sure they translated at least one page of Bible into Tamil language , a day .
See also
Union College , Tellippalai
American Ceylon Mission
References
External links
The Missionary Gazetteer – Author : Charles Williams
Annual report , Volumes 37–41
Annual report , Volumes 32–36 – By American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions – pages . 44–150
A brief history of the American Madura Mission
The Quarterly Register , Volume 8 – By American Education Society – p.353
The Quarterly Christian spectator , Volume 8 – p.104
Protestant missionaries in Sri Lanka
Protestant missionaries in India
American Protestant missionaries
People from Jaffrey , New Hampshire
Dartmouth College alumni
1791 births
1873 deaths
Andover Newton Theological School alumni
John Denver - A Portrait is an album made by Windstar Records and features the music of John Denver . A similarly named Portrait was released by BMG in 1999 . The BMG release was a two-disc set .
John Denver : A Portrait is also the name of a VHS documentary about their life , released in 1994 .
Track listing
`` Is It Love ''
`` Rocky Mountain High ''
`` Two Different Directions ''
`` For You ''
`` Calypso ''
`` Annie 's Song ''
`` Seasons Of The Heart ''
`` Sweet Surrender ''
`` Whispering Jessie ''
`` Shanghai Breezes ''
`` Sunshine on My Shoulders ''
`` The Flower That Shattered The Stone ''
`` Country Girl In Paris ''
`` Take Me Home ''
John Denver compilation albums
1999 compilation albums
Jerry Wayne Blackwell ( born 1962 ) is an American lawyer who is the nominee to serve as a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota .
Education
Blackwell earned a Bachelor of Science from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1984 and a Juris Doctor from the University of North Carolina School of Law in 1987 .
Career
Blackwell worked as a partner at Robins Kaplan LLP in Minneapolis from 1987 to 1996 and Nilan Johnson Lewis from 1996 to 2000 . From 2000 to 2006 , they were a partner at Blackwell Igbanugo in Edina , Minnesota . The firm was one of the largest Black-owned law firms in the country . In 2006 , they co-founded Blackwell Burke .
Notable cases
During their career , Blackwell represented Prince .
In 2020 , Blackwell obtained a posthumous pardon of Max Mason , a Black man who was falsely convicted and executed in Duluth , Minnesota , for the claimed rape of a White woman in 1920 .
Blackwell was a special assistant state attorney general for the prosecution team during the trial of Derek Chauvin . Blackwell served pro bono and delivered the opening statement and closing argument for the prosecution . In closing , Blackwell said to the jury `` You were told , for example , that Mr. Floyd died because their heart was too big . You heard that testimony . Now having seen all the evidence , having heard all the evidence , you know the truth . And the truth of the matter is – that the reason George Floyd is dead is because Mr. Chauvin 's heart was too small . ''
Nomination to district court
On June 15 , 2022 , President Joe Biden nominated Blackwell to serve as a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota in the seat vacated by Judge Susan Richard Nelson , who assumed senior status on December 31 , 2021 . On July 27 , 2022 , a hearing on their nomination was held before the Senate Judiciary Committee . On September 15 , 2022 , their nomination was reported out of committee by a 13–8 vote , with 1 senator passed on the vote of their nomination . Their nomination is pending before the United States Senate .
Personal life
Blackwell is an expert beekeeper . They spend some of their free time tending to their beehives on their farm in Jordan , Minnesota .
References
1962 births
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
African-American lawyers
Minnesota lawyers
People from Jordan , Minnesota
People from Mooresville , North Carolina
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill alumni
University of North Carolina School of Law alumni
Xenosoma nigromarginatum is a moth in the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Herbert Druce in 1886 . It is found in Costa Rica .
References
Arctiinae
Sandra Woodley is an American academic administrator serving as president of the University of Texas of the Permian Basin . They assumed the position when David Watts retired in 2017 .
A native of Weaver , Alabama , Woodley received a Bachelor degree and MBA from Auburn University . They then earned a DBA from Nova Southeastern University . They have held administrative positions in Alabama , Arizona , Kentucky , and Texas . Woodley also served as the chief executive officer of the University of Louisiana System .
Woodley officially took office as the 8th President of the University of Texas of the Permian Basin on July 1 , 2017 .
Notes
1964 births
Living people
Auburn University alumni
Presidents of the University of Louisiana campuses
Nova Southeastern University alumni
People from Calhoun County , Alabama
Argentine nationality law regulates the manner in which one acquires , or is eligible to acquire , Argentine nationality . Nationality , as used in international law , describes the legal methods by which a person obtains a national identity and formal membership in a nation . Citizenship refers to the relationship between a nation and a national , after membership has been attained . Argentina recognizes a dual system accepting Jus soli and Jus sanguinis for the acquisition of nationality by birth and allows foreign persons to naturalize .
Birth in Argentina
Any person born in Argentine territory acquires Argentine nationality at birth . A notable exception to this rule is for children of persons in the service of a foreign government , such as foreign diplomats . This rule can be also applied to people born in the Falkland Islands , a disputed territory between Argentina and the United Kingdom .
Nationality by descent
Argentine nationality law follows jus sanguinis ; any person over 18 with at least one Argentine parent can opt for Argentine citizenship , and needs only to establish their parentage in front of a federal judge . For a minor child born outside the country , the Argentine parent must present the child 's birth certificate before the local Argentine embassy .
Naturalization
Naturalization is governed by Law 346 , modified by laws 16801 , 20835 , 24533 , 24951 , 26774 and decree 70/2017 . It sets forth very simple requirements :
be 18 years old or older ;
have been living in Argentina for a minimum of 2 years ; and
apply for naturalization before a federal judge .
Naturalization can be denied if applicants :
have been in jail for more than 3 years in the last 5 years ;
are under criminal prosecution ;
have an illegitimate source of income . To work without a legal permit is considered an illegitimate source of income for most of the chamber of appeals .
As the naturalization law has existed essentially unchanged since 1869 , subject to later modifications , there are many precedents based on which the Supreme Court is able to resolve almost any immigration-related problem . Nationality has been granted to immigrants who were not legally resident , worked without a legal permit , or entered the country illegally and , in exceptional cases , even to immigrants with criminal records .
The continuous two-year residency requirement means that applicants need to make Argentina their home . However , since applicants enjoy the same civil rights as Argentines , including the right to travel , they may leave the country .
For historical reasons , federal courts are still reluctant to recognize the rights of `` irregular '' immigrants . They usually request the following requirements related to the abolished law 21.795 :
Proof of Legal residency
Proof of undertaking Legal work
Spanish-language ability
Birth certificate apostilled and translated by a public notary
Certificate of a clean criminal record from home country
Certificate of a clean criminal record in Argentina
CUIT or CUIL number
Dual nationality
Dual nationality is accepted in Argentina . Some countries have entered into a reciprocity agreement ( Chile , Colombia , Ecuador , El Salvador , Spain , United States until 20 October 1981 , Honduras , Italy , Nicaragua , Norway , Panama , and Sweden ) ; Argentine citizens who have been naturalised as citizens of one of these countries enter Argentina with documents of and as citizens of their other nationality and are considered to be such , unless they intend to remain permanently in the country .
Argentine citizens who are also citizens of non-reciprocity countries ( e.g. , by naturalisation to another citizenship ) are recognised only as Argentine citizens within Argentine territory , and would normally enter and leave with their Argentine passport . They can enter , and leave within 180 days , using the travel documents of their other nationality , but if they invoke Argentine nationality they must present their Argentine identity document . After staying more than 180 days they can only leave using their Argentine passport . It is also possible not to mention Argentine citizenship , and enter and leave as a foreign national so long as travel documents do not state place of birth or residence being Argentina .
Despite the rules , it is reported by travellers that there are often difficulties as immigration officials may not be familiar with the rules , and hostility . Two knowledgeable immigration officials have explained the rules as they apply them in a useful discussion . In case of difficulty when travelling without an Argentine passport there is an express passport supply service ( with long opening hours ) available at airports at additional cost on presenting the Argentine identity document ; the process is stated to take 15 minutes , and the passport to be ready in 2 to 6 hours .
Deprivation of nationality
Unlike most other countries , Argentine nationality can not be renounced and can only be revoked if it was obtained through criminal means , such as fraudulent documentation .
Consequently an Argentine national may not be able to acquire the nationality of a country that requires renunciation of other national identities ; however , many countries waive this requirement if renouncing the other nationality is impossible .
History
The first successful attempt to adopt an Argentine Constitution occurred in 1853 . It established in Article 15 that slavery was abolished , in Article 16 that all inhabitants were equal under the law , and in Article 20 that foreigners living in the country should have the same civil rights as citizens and were eligible for naturalization after residing in Argentina for two years . The constitution established that nationality could be gained or lost , as was described in civil law . As early as 1867 , the Supreme Court confirmed that a married woman shared their husband 's nationality . In a case involving Elena Eyras , an Argentine , and their husband Manuel Pedro de la Peña , a Paraguayan , the husband argued their separate nationalities warranted a decision in federal court . The court refused to hear their marital dispute , denying federal jurisdiction on the grounds that married women were required to have a unified identity and share the same domicile as their husbands .
Law 346 of 8 October 1869 , the first Argentine nationality law , established in Article 1 that birth in Argentina was the basis for nationality of a child regardless of its parents ' nationality , unless the parents were foreign ministers or diplomats residing in the country . The law also established that a child born abroad to a national of the country of either sex could derive nationality from its parent by following procedures for the declaration of Argentine nationality . It contained no specific provisions relating to the loss of citizenship , but the Supreme Court ruled in eleven separate cases between 1867 and 1902 that an Argentine woman who married a foreigner lost their nationality . Likewise , a foreign woman married to an Argentine man gained their nationality . The Argentine Civil Code , adopted in 1869 , followed Catholic canon law , establishing a husband 's authority over their family and incapacitating married women . A ruling in 1902 from the Supreme Court found that the act of marriage was not responsible for either acquisition or loss of nationality for a woman , but that it could expatriate them for jurisdictional purposes in legal matters , reinforcing that a wife was required to follow their husband 's authority .
From 1914 , a married woman , foreign or Argentine , did not derive nationality from their husband 's . In that year , the Minister of Foreign Affairs instructed consuls abroad to register Argentine women living abroad and married to foreigners as Argentine nationals and to enter foreign wives of Argentine men into the consulate registries without stating they had Argentine nationality . From 1918 , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs instructed that foreign wives could receive Argentine passports , though they were not technically nationals , but had the same civil status as the husband . In 1926 , Argentina revised its Civil Code through Law 11.357 removing the marital authority provision for husbands and expanding women 's civil rights . According to the Federal Chamber in Buenos Aires , until the code revision a married woman had technically lost their nationality , but after the change their nationality was independent of their husband 's . In 1933 , the Argentine delegation to the Pan-American Union 's Montevideo conference signed the Inter-American Convention on the Nationality of Women , which became effective in 1934 , without legal reservations . In 1947 , the Minister of Foreign Affairs issued another circular reiterating that marriage neither bestowed nor relinquished nationalization for a spouse , but that foreign wives could be issued Argentine passports .
Bibliography
Notes
References
External links
Ley n° 21.795 ( abolished , promulgated May 1978 ) on Infoleg
Nationality law
Argentine legislation
The Presidential Elections Committee was set up by the Government of Singapore to ensure that each candidate running for the office of President of Singapore has the qualifications needed — referred in Article 19 of the Constitution of Singapore .
Composition
The committee consists of :
the Chairman of the Public Service Commission , who is also the Chairperson of the Presidential Elections Committee
the Chairman of the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority
a member of the Presidential Council for Minority Rights , appointed by the Chairperson of that Council
a member or former member of the Council of Presidential Advisers ( but not the sitting Chairperson of that Council or a former member who vacated their seat under Article 37F ( 2 ) ( a ) or ( c ) of the Constitution ) , appointed by the Chairperson of that Council
a person who is qualified to be or has been a Judge of the Supreme Court , appointed by the Chief Justice
a person , who in the opinion of the Prime Minister has expertise and experience acquired in the private sector that is relevant to the functions of the Committee , appointed by the Prime Minister
Criticism
Amount of discretionary power
Legal academic Valentine Winslow wrote that the committee has the power to reject anyone who does not have `` integrity , good character , and reputation '' , and that this places too much discretionary power in the hands of a small group of persons , with no guarantee that they are qualified to judge others as being of integrity and good character , or are unbiased , as there is no provision for any independent election commission .
Constitutional lawyer Thio Li-ann wrote that the mechanism of selecting qualified candidates `` removes the power of choice one step further away from the people , placing in the hands of an unelected group of people the power to decide who is a suitable candidate '' .
Decisions beyond judicial review
Thio observed that the committee is `` not under a legal duty to give reasons for their decision , which is deficient as a process '' .
Opacity of decisions leading to embarrassment
Winslow suggested that there is an `` embarrassment of uncertainty '' for a candidate seeking nomination , because they may be rejected for reasons completely unclear to them , and that `` men of eminence '' will not agree to be nominated if they are likely to be humiliated by rejection .
Presidential election , 2017
The Presidential Elections Committee for the 2017 Singapore presidential election comprises six members . They are :
Eddie Teo , Public Service Commission chairperson
Lim Soo Hoon , Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority chairperson
Chan Heng Chee , member of the Presidential Council for Minority Rights
Po'ad Shaik Abu Bakar Mattar , member of the Council of Presidential Advisers
Tay Yong Kwang , a Judge of Appeal
Peter Seah , chairperson of DBS Bank
There is also a Community Committee , which will assess whether the candidate belongs to the specified racial group . This committee is headed by Timothy James de Souza , a member of the Presidential Council of Minority Rights .
Malay community sub-committee
The Malay community sub-committee , which will issue the Malay Community Certificate to candidates , comprises five members . They are :
Imram Mohamed , former chairperson of the Association of Muslim Professionals ( chairperson )
Fatimah Azimullah , advisor to the Singapore Muslim Women 's Association
Mohammad Alami Musa , president of Majlis Ugama Islam Singapura ( Islamic Religious Council of Singapore ) and an inter-religious relations scholar
Yatiman Yusof , a former senior parliamentary secretary
Zulkifli Baharudin , non-resident ambassador to Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan , and the executive chairperson of Indo-Trans Corporation
All five were also on the Malay Community Committee that gave the green light to Malay candidates in Group Representation Constituencies in the 2015 General Election .
Former committees
Presidential election , 2005
The Presidential Elections Committee for the 2005 Singapore presidential election had three members :
Andrew Chew Guan Khuan ( Chairman )
Lim Siong Guan
H R Hochstadt
References
Elections in Singapore
Presidential elections in Singapore
Presidents of Singapore
Ľubomír Jahnátek ( born 16 September 1954 ) is a Slovak politician for the Direction - Social Democracy ( ) . They served as Minister of Economy in Fico 's First Cabinet from 2006 to 2010 and as Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development in Fico 's Second Cabinet from 2012 to 2016 .
Ľubomír Jahnátek was chairperson of the network industry regulation office URSO since July 2017 . Suspected for illegal conduct and following the proposal of the current Ministry of Economy , they were dismissed from their functions on 4 June 2020 by the newly elected government , because they did not fulfil the legal conditions required for the performance of this function when they were appointed . The office allegedly did not act independently and the work their son performs for the Nuclear Energetic Company of Slovakia is also problematic .
References
1954 births
Living people
Direction – Social Democracy politicians
Agriculture ministers of Slovakia
Economy ministers of Slovakia
Members of the National Council ( Slovakia ) 2010-2012
Members of the National Council ( Slovakia ) 2016-2020
People from the Nitra Region
Alexandros Alvanos ( born 9 April 1980 ) is a Greek retired handball player and current coach . They were included in the Greece national team for the 2004 Summer Olympics and at the 2005 World Championship .
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Greek male handball players
Olympic handball players of Greece
Handball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Volos
Only the 1st , 2nd , 4th , and Ivanovic/Kirilenko made it into the semifinals , with the 4th and 2nd seeds respectively getting eliminated in three sets . The 4th seed team going down to the 1st seed team , 46 63 61 , while the 2nd seed team , going down to Ivanovic and Kirilenko , 63 26 62 . The 3rd seeded team went down to Ivanovic and Kirilenko in straight sets , in the first round . Yan Zi and Zheng Jie emerged as the champions , beating Serbian Ana Ivanovic and Russian Maria Kirilenko in three sets .
Seeds
Yan Zi Zheng Jie ( champions )
Elena Dementieva Flavia Pennetta ( semifinals )
Eleni Daniilidou Anabel Medina Garrigues ( first round )
Maria Elena Camerin Gisela Dulko ( semifinals )
Draw
Draw
References
Ordina Open
Rosmalen Grass Court Championships
is a railway station in Kure , Hiroshima Prefecture , Japan .
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
! colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Danieli Group ( ) is an Italian supplier of equipment and physical plants to the metal industry . The company is based in Buttrio , in the north-east of Italy ( Friuli-Venezia-Giulia region ) . It is one of the world leaders in the production of steel plants , in particular in the long products segment , where it owned more than 60 % market share in 2000 .
It has more than 25 divisions worldwide ( design , manufacturing and service centers ) , 7 of which are Production Centers ( Italy , Russia , Austria , Brazil , Netherlands , Sweden , the United States , Vietnam , Germany , India , China , Thailand ) .
History
Danieli 's origins date to 1914 when two brothers Mario and Timo Danieli acquired the Angelini Steelworks in Brescia , Italy , one of the first companies to use the electric arc furnace for steel making . In 1929 , Mario Danieli transferred part of the steelworks to Buttrio to manufacture tools for forging plants and auxiliary machines for rolling mills .
After World War II , led by Luigi Danieli , the company changed its name to Danieli & C and started designing and manufacturing equipment for the steel industry , a turning point that contributed to strengthening the Italian steel industry 's competitiveness in Europe in the Sixties and Seventies .
In the second half of the Seventies , a crisis affected the entire steel industry due to an excess production capacity . Luigi Danieli ( 1915-1993 ) , who held a degree in Engineering from the University of Padua ( Italy ) , adopted a different strategy and led the company to gradually pass from the production of machines for the steel-making industry to the production of turnkey plants . In 1976 the company won the design and production of a 500,000-ton steel plant in Brandenburg , in the former East Germany , beating the competition of the Krupp company with a 3 % lower bid . The total value of the order was approximately 200 billion Italian lire . Since 1977 Luigi Danieli has been working together with Cecilia and Anna Chiara , two of their four daughters . In 1979 , Danieli 's turnover was over 130 billion Italian lire ( 80 % of which was made abroad ) and the company employed 1,600 people .
Specialized in the production of mini-mills according to the needs of final consumers , in 1983 its production reached one million tons per year . In the same period , it won contracts in the USSR and North Africa .
In 1984 , the company was listed on the Milan Stock Exchange . In 1985 Danieli completed the first direct rolling plant for quality steel in the USA . In the mid-eighties the steel industry again encountered difficulties . A different strategy emerged within the Danieli family in order to remain competitive : Cecilia , who held a degree in Economics and Business from the University of Trieste ( ltaly ) , and Gianpietro Benedetti were in favor of a major restructuring , in line with a strategy of internationalization and expansion of products . The rest of the family had a different point of view . Eventually , 58 % of the ordinary shares were sold to SIND ( Società Impianti Industriali ) , held 50 % by Cecilia Danieli and 50 % by Gianpietro Benedetti .
Following the new corporate structure , the expansion around the world continued . In 1987 Danieli acquired Morgårdshammar , a Swedish group specializing in rolling plants for special steels , and later Wean United ( USA ) , Rotelec ( France ) and Sund ( Sweden ) .
The results seemed to justify that generational change wanted by Cecilia : Danieli 's turnover was indeed constantly growing – reaching 1.9 billion Italian Lire in 2000 – with 3,200 people employed .
In June 1999 Cecilia Danieli died in Aviano at the age of 56 .
Gianpietro Benedetti was appointed President and CEO of the company . At the end of the 1990s the internationalization process was completed : in addition to that of Buttrio , Danieli opened production plants in Pittsburgh , Paris , Sweden and Germany , two offices in China ( Beijing and Shanghai ) , other production plants in Thailand ( Danieli Far East ) and Russia ( Danieli Volga ) , as well as service centers in Austria and Brazil . This also led to an expansion of the company 's product range .
In 2009 , ten years after the death of Cecilia Danieli , the 29-year-old Giacomo Mareschi Danieli joined the company 's Board of Directors . Graduated in Electronic Engineering from the Polytechnic University of Milan , since 2006 they have been working in the Danieli Group . Anna , who is Giacomo 's twin and a graduate in Economics and Business from Bocconi University , also joined the company , as well as Camilla Benedetti , a graduate in Economics and Business from Catholic University of Milan and with previous professional experience at Ernst & Young . In 2009 , the turnover reached 3.2 billion euros and the profit was 135 million euros , with approximately 9,400 people employed .
In 2018 the company founded the Danieli Academy , with the aim of managing the skills development of human resources through partnerships with hundreds of universities around the world .
Companies of the Danieli Group
ABS Sisak
Danieli Automation & Digi & Met ( industrial automation and process control systems )
Danieli Plant Engineering ( turnkey plants and systems engineering )
Danieli Morgårdshammar ( long product rolling mills )
Danieli Corus IJMUIDEN ( integrated steelmaking plants )
Danieli Centro Met ( electric steelmaking plant , continuous casting )
Danieli Davy Distington ( thick and thin slab casting )
Danieli Wean United ( flat product rolling mills )
Danieli Fröhling ( flat product conditioning and finishing plants )
Danieli Centro Tube ( seamless pipe plants )
Danieli Centro Maskin ( long product conditioning and finishing plants , slab inspection and grinding )
Danieli Rotelec ( electromagnetic stirrers and induction heating systems )
Danieli Breda ( extrusion and forging plants )
Danieli Centro Combustion ( heating systems and heat treatment furnaces )
Danieli Environment Systems ( green technologies and systems )
Danieli Construction ( turnkey plants )
Danieli Service ( assembly , start-up and testing of Danieli plants )
Danieli Centro Cranes ( heavy-duty cranes )
Danieli Telerobot ( advanced robotics )
Danieli Linz ( oxygen converter steelmaking plants )
Danieli Centro Recycling ( scrap processing plants )
Danieli Olivotto Ferrè ( heat treatment furnaces )
Danieli Kohler ( air wiping equipment for zinc coating )
Danieli Fata Hunter ( aluminium rolling and coil coating lines )
Innoval Technology Ltd ( advisor services and technical support for the aluminum industry )
Danieli Hydraulics ( industrial hydraulics and lubrication )
Fata Epc ( turnkey plant engineering , procurement and construction )
Economic Data
The financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2017 showed revenues at €2.49 billion , with an income of €59 million . As of 30 June 2018 , the Group 's turnover was €2.70 billion ( +2 % ) , EBITDA amounted to €228 million ( 13 % ) , EBIT to €103 million ( 48 % ) , and revenues to €58.4 million . The financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2019 showed revenues at €3 billion , net income at €67 million , EBITDA at €239.2 million , EBIT at €101.51 million . As of 30 June 2020 , the Group 's turnover was €2.8 billion , net income amounted to €62.4 million , EBITDA to €187.7 million , EBIT to €91.6 million .
See also
List of Italian companies
References
External links
Italian companies established in 1914
Manufacturing companies established in 1914
Danieli Group
Italian brands
Engineering companies of Italy
Multinational companies headquartered in Italy
Steel companies of Italy
Industrial machine manufacturers
Zhaksy District ( , ) is a district of Aqmola Region in northern Kazakhstan . The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Zhaksy . Population :
History
The district was established in 1957 , originally named Kiiminsky ( since 1964 — Zhaksynsky ) . From 1970 to 1997 , it was part of the Turgay region .
Geographical characteristics
The total land area is 969 264 hectares . The district is located in the Central part of the region and borders with Sandyktau , Zharkain , Atbasar , Esil districts of Akmola region .
Climate conditions
The climate is sharply continental : hot in summer , harsh in winter , the duration of the frost-free period is 115-120 days . In terms of air purification and the quality of water consumed , the district is relatively prosperous . Sources of air pollution are industrial enterprises , boilers and vehicles , but these emissions are not a threat to the environment .
Education
There are 21 schools in the district , including 16 high schools , 4 secondary schools , 1 primary school , and 3 additional education facilities .
Minerals
There are some deposits of construction materials in the district . Among which there are currently deposits of crushed stone , gravel , rubble stone , construction sand and clay for the production of bricks of the `` 150 '' brand , loam for bricks of the `` 150 '' and `` 200 '' brand .
Administrative arrangement
The district has 7 rural districts , 7 villages , and 25 localities .
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
William Charles ( Charlie ) Clymo ( 30 October 1884 – 8 October 1955 ) was the captain of the Ballarat Fire Brigade for almost forty years , and was also an excellent sportsman , being an Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda . They later coached Geelong to a premiership in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Career
Originally from Eaglehawk , where they worked as a firefighter , Clymo played football on Wednesdays for Eaglehawk and on Saturdays for . They made their St Kilda debut in 1907 and , in that season , was a member of the first St Kilda side to compete in the finals .
After three years playing in the VFL , Clymo was appointed captain of the Ballarat Fire Brigade . Re-locating to Ballarat , they became captain-coach of the local Golden Point club in the Ballarat Football League , and led the club to premierships in 1910 , 1914 and 1919 .
They also coached Ballarat from 1920 , including a premiership in 1923 . In 1924 , they were successful in taking Moolort to its only flag in the Maryborough competition . They later took up umpiring .
In 1929 , Clymo took charge of the Ballarat Imperial Football Club , which won the premiership that year and was runner-up in 1930 .
In 1931 , they were appointed coach of Geelong and helped them to a VFL premiership . To fulfil their appointment , Clymo got six months leave of absence from their employer , the Ballarat brickmakers , Selkirks . Geelong defeated Richmond in the Grand Final by 20 points .
In 1932 , Clymo was back coaching Golden Point . It was the depths of the Great Depressionn , and they coached without compensation because the club had little money .
They served as captain of the Ballarat Fire Brigade from 1910 to their retirement in 1949 . They were a keen participant in the Fire Brigade competitions , winning over 150 trophies between 1907 and 1925 .
Clymo died in 1955 , leaving a widow and a son .
References
External links
https : //afltables.com/afl/stats/coaches/Charlie_Clymo.html
1884 births
1955 deaths
St Kilda Football Club players
Geelong Football Club coaches
Geelong Football Club Premiership coaches
Eaglehawk Football Club players
Ballarat Football Club players
Golden Point Football Club players
Golden Point Football Club coaches
Australian rules footballers from Victoria ( Australia )
Sportspeople from Bendigo
One-time VFL/AFL Premiership coaches
Orbost is a historic early settlers town in the Shire of East Gippsland , Victoria , east of Melbourne and south of Canberra where the Princes Highway crosses the Snowy River . It is about from the surf and fishing seaside town of Marlo on the coast of Bass Strait and 217 km drive to Hotham Alpine Resort . Orbost is the service centre for the primary industries of beef , dairy cattle and sawmilling .
More recently , tourism has become an important and thriving industry , being the major town close to several national parks that are between the east access to either the surf or the snow , including the famous Snowy River National Park , Alpine National Park , Errinundra National Park , Croajingolong National Park and Cape Conran Coastal Park .
The establishment of the Sailors Grave Brewery has also brought significant tourism to the area with its multiple festivals throughout the year . Cycling and canoeing have also become major tourist attractions drawing people worldwide to the area for its wide range of cycling tours and spectacular rivers throughout the region .
History
Peter Imlay established the Snowy River Station for grazing in 1842 , and their brother the Newmerella run nearby . In 1845 the land was sold to Norman McLeod , who named the area after Orbost farm in the northwest of Isle of Skye , in Scotland .
Gold was discovered in the mid-1850s in the Bendoc area , in the mountains north of Orbost , which brought an influx of people to the district . By 1868 it was estimated that there was a population of 500 miners and squatters in the vicinity of Bendoc .
The Cameron family settled on the rich alluvial river flats in 1876 , followed by many other selectors , many of them Scottish migrants . Allan Burn opened the Post Office on 1 December 1880 named Neumerella ( sic ) and was renamed Orbost in 1883 . They and wife Joyce ( née Morgan ) had nine children . They owned 237 acres on the Snowy River ( now Burn Rd ) . Allan and their brother Robert Burn arrived in Australia in 1850 . Robert 's descendants still live in Orbost today . A Newmerella office opened in 1889 and closed in 1897 , then reopened in 1921 .
The township was proclaimed in 1890 and a bridge constructed across the Snowy River and a telegraph office established . Sawmills were established in the area and the first batch of sawn timber was cut at Orbost in 1882 . By the late 1890s produce was regularly being exported to Melbourne via coastal trading vessels sailing up the Snowy River to Orbost . The railway from Melbourne arrived in 1916 , allowing further agricultural settlement up the valley , and exploitation of native hardwood forests for timber and railway sleepers .
The Gippsland railway line and surrounding townships have embarked on a campaign to `` Save the Snowy River Rail Bridge . ''
For most of the 20th century , Orbost was a fairly prosperous local centre for the forestry and agricultural industries and a supply point for smaller towns in the area . In the 1950s and 1960s several new sawmills were opened to exploit the native forests north and east of Orbost . By the 1980s , logging of East Gippsland native forests had become an environmental issue . This resulted in the creation or extension of National Parks in the area , and a steady decline in forestry and sawmilling jobs . The general rural decline of the area and its economy saw the railway close in the mid-1980s and the population drop from around 4,000 to around 2000 by the start of the 21st century . Logging and forestry continues to be a contentious issue in 2004 and 2005 in the Goolengook Valley , near the Errinundra National Park .
The Snowy Mountains Scheme resulted in the waters of the Snowy River being diverted to the Murray and Murrumbidgee Rivers and associated irrigation schemes . During the 1990s the low level of water in the Snowy River was a major concern , with a political campaign to increase the flow of water from the dam at Jindabyne . Independent candidate from the Orbost district , Craig Ingram , was elected in 1999 , and re-elected in 2002 , to the Victorian Legislative Assembly .
The small rural communities of Bendoc , Bonang and Tubbut lie North East of Orbost . Delegate in NSW is the next major town geographically across the NSW/Vic Border from Orbost .
Sports
The town is represented in the sport of Australian rules football by the Orbost-Snowy Rovers in the East Gippsland Football League .
The town 's cricket teams have been successful at all levels in the Bairnsdale Cricket Association , ranging from U13s to A Grade . The U16s cricket team appeared in the Grand Final for four consecutive years , from 2017-2021 , winning both 2020 and 2021 .
The town also boasts a field hockey club which fields junior , women 's and men 's sides in the East Gippsland Hockey Association .
Golfers play at the course of the Orbost Golf Club on the Bonang Highway .
Transport
Orbost straddles the Princes Highway . A 567 metre bridge over the Orbost floodplain opened in November 1976 . The town was connected to Melbourne when the Gippsland railway line opened to Orbost station in 1916 principally carrying timber and farming produce . In the early days of the railway 's operation dedicated passenger trains ran but these ceased by the 1930s . The line closed in 1987 when the line was cut back to Bairnsdale . The track infrastructure was dismantled in 1993/94 . The line traversed a mixture of farmland , hills and heavily forested country . It included numerous bridges , including the Stoney Creek Trestle Bridge , the largest of its kind in Victoria . Public transport services are provided to the town by V/Line with road coach services from Batemans Bay , Marlo and Canberra to Bairnsdale that connect with train services to Melbourne .
Orbost has a regional airport , Orbost Airport YORB ( RBS ) .
Climate
Orbost has an oceanic climate with warm summers and mild winters . June is the wettest month and January is the driest . The town features 73 clear days annually , much more than Melbourne 's 48 days .
Current profile
The national parks are showcased in events such as The Wilderness Bike Ride , a community event managed out of Orbost , which won the Best Event 2004 Regional Tourism Award for East Gippsland .
Education
The Orbost region has four State primary schools , one Catholic primary school , and Orbost Secondary College ( Government ) .
Notable people
Percival Bazeley , scientist
Jennings Carmichael ( aka Grace Jennings Carmichael ) , poet
Richard Dalla-Riva , politician
Harry Firth , Australian motorsport legend . Winner of first Bathurst race in 1963 .
Jennifer Hansen , TV presenter
Sarah Hanson-Young , politician
Nick Heyne , former Australian rules footballer with the St Kilda Football Club
Craig Ingram , politician
Charlie Lynn , politician
Tim Matthews , Paralympic athlete
Laura Jean McKay , author
Molly Meldrum , music critic , journalist , TV presenter
Peter Nixon , politician
Lindsay Tanner , politician
Brett Voss , Former Australian Rules Footballer St Kilda Football Club
Michael Voss , former Australian rules footballer and former coach of the Brisbane Lions in the AFL
References
External links
Orbost District Website
Towns in Victoria ( Australia )
Towns in East Gippsland
Shire of East Gippsland
Nolan Thiessen ( born November 6 , 1980 in Pilot Mound , Manitoba ) is a Canadian curler .
Career
Thiessen , in their debut at Canadian Juniors , lost the final of the 2001 Canadian Junior Curling Championships playing lead for Mike McEwen . Thiessen was a member of the 2003 Winter Universiade championship team . They represented Brandon University , playing lead for Mike McEwen . After university , they played lead for Sean Grassie before moving to play in Alberta as Mark Johnson 's lead in 2004 . In 2006 , they moved to play for Kevin Koe . Thiessen won the 2008 Canada Cup of Curling with the team , and qualified for their first Brier in 2010 as Team Alberta . The team won the Brier after beating Ontario 's Glenn Howard 6-5 in the final . They went on to win at that year 's world championship , securing the gold medal after a win over Norway , skipped by Torger Nergård . After Pat Simmons signed on with the team , they went to their second Brier in 2012 , but lost to Ontario , skipped by Glenn Howard in the final . At the 2014 Brier the rink repeated as Canadian champions , defeating John Morris ' B.C . rink 10-5 in the final . The team would go on to finish in 4th place at the 2014 World Men 's Curling Championship . After the season , Koe left the team and was replaced by John Morris . The team would represent Team Canada at the 2015 Tim Hortons Brier as defending champions . They would win the 2015 Brier and go on to win a bronze medal at the 2015 Ford World Men 's Curling Championship . The team would represent Team Canada at the 2016 Tim Hortons Brier for the final time , finishing in 5th place . The team would go their separate ways after the season .
Thiessen is currently the Executive Director of Marketing for Curling Canada .
Personal life
Thiessen enjoyed playing baseball growing up . They played for the Claiborne Christian High School in Louisiana and played one year at Vernon College in Texas , which led to their participation in a regional tournament for the junior College World Series . They also played baseball at the 2001 Canada Summer Games for Team Manitoba .
After playing baseball in Texas , Thiessen returned to Manitoba and finished their education at the University of Manitoba . They currently work as a self-employed chartered accountant . They are married to Christine Sinclair ( not the soccer player ) and has three children In 2016 , they moved with their wife to McKinney , Texas , where they found work .
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Brier champions
Curlers from Manitoba
Curlers from Alberta
Sportspeople from Brandon , Manitoba
World curling champions
People from Spruce Grove
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian baseball players
Canadian accountants
People from McKinney , Texas
Canadian male curlers
Universiade medalists in curling
Continental Cup of Curling participants
Universiade gold medalists for Canada
Medalists at the 2003 Winter Universiade
Canada Cup ( curling ) participants
Charles Foxe ( by 1516 – December 1590 ) , of Bromfield , Shropshire and the Inner Temple , London , was an English politician .
Family
Foxe was the second of six sons of Ludlow MP , William Foxe . Their brother , Edmund Foxe , also represented the constituency . Foxe married Elizabeth Crosby , by whom they had two sons and three daughters . Their second marriage was to Catherine Leighton , daughter of Sir Edward Leighton of Shropshire , with whom they had three sons . Foxe also had an illegitimate son by an unknown mother .
Career
They were a Member ( MP ) of the Parliament of England for Ludlow in 1539 , 1542 , 1547 and March 1553 , and for Much Wenlock in 1563 .
References
Year of birth missing
1590 deaths
Members of the Inner Temple
Politicians from Shropshire
English MPs 1539–1540
English MPs 1542–1544
English MPs 1547–1552
English MPs 1553 ( Edward VI )
English MPs 1563–1567
16th-century births
Almost a Honeymoon is a 1930 play by Walter Ellis . It debuted at the Garrick Theatre in London and later enjoyed a successful run at the Apollo Theatre . A farce it concerns a young man who has secured a lucrative post in the colonial service . Their problem is that the post requires them to be married , and they have just a day to find a woman to be their wife .
Original cast
Charles - Hylton Allen/George Relph
Bailiff - Christopher Steele
Basil Dibley - Gerald Pring
Cuthbert de Grey - Lamont Dickinson
Mr. Dixon - Edward Thane
Taxi Driver - Barry Lyndon
Margaret Brent - Grace Lane
Rosalie Quilter - Renee Kelly/Mercia Swinburne
Adaptations
The play was twice adapted for film . In 1930 Almost a Honeymoon directed by Monty Banks and starring Clifford Mollison and Dodo Watts and in 1938 Almost a Honeymoon directed by Norman Lee and starring Tommy Trinder and Linden Travers .
References
Bibliography
Smith , Leslie . Modern British Farce . Barnes and Noble , 1989 .
1930 plays
Comedy plays
British plays adapted into films
West End plays
The 1988–89 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the tenth World Cup season in ski jumping . It began in Thunder Bay , Canada on 3 December 1988 and finished in Planica , Yugoslavia on 26 March 1989 . The individual World Cup was won by Jan Boklöv and Nations Cup by Norway .
Map of world cup hosts
All 15 locations which have been hosting world cup events for men this season . Events in Falun and Bærum canceled . Harrachov hosted ski flying and large hill event .
Four Hills Tournament
Bohemia Tournament
Calendar
Men
Standings
Overall
Nations Cup
Four Hills Tournament
References
World cup
World cup
FIS Ski Jumping World Cup
The Fiscal Responsibility Act 2010 ( c.3 ) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that received Royal Assent on 10 February 2010 . The Act was repealed by section 10 ( c ) of the Budget Responsibility and National Audit Act 2011 on 23 March 2011 .
It was first presented ( first reading ) in the House of Commons on 10 December 2009 and received its third reading on 20 January 2010 . It was first read in the House of Lords on 21 January 2010 and received its second and third readings on 10 February 2010 .
References
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 2010
USS Rocky Mount ( AGC-3 ) was an in the United States Navy .
Commissioning and 1944
Rocky Mount was laid down for the Maritime Commission on 4 December 1942 by Federal Shipbuilding and Drydock Company , Kearny , New Jersey ; launched 7 March 1943 ; sponsored by Mrs Elsie F. Lee , wife of Robert C. Lee of the Moore-McCormack Lines for whom the ship was being built ; acquired by the Navy 13 March 1943 ; and after conversion by Bethlehem Steel Co. , Hoboken , N.J. , commissioned 15 October 1943 , Capt . Stanley F. Patten in command .
Following shakedown , Rocky Mount sailed for Hawaii via the Panama Canal arriving at Pearl Harbor 27 December . On 10 January 1944 , they became flagship of Rear Admiral Richmond K. Turner , Commander , 5th Amphibious Force , Pacific Fleet .
Rocky Mount was the 3rd of a new type of naval auxiliary : a specially-equipped command and communications ship , which had been improvised for Admiral H. Kent Hewitt in the Salerno operation . The increasing complexity of communications in modern amphibious warfare and the larger number of officers and enlisted men necessary to staff amphibious force headquarters , necessitated the new type .
1944-1945
On 22 January , the 5th Amphibious Force got underway for the Marshall Islands and arrived off Kwajalein the 31st . This was the first of six important campaigns in which Rocky Mount played a significant role . Rear Admiral Turner directed operations from their flagship until Kwajalein was secured on 4 February .
Rocky Mount then became flagship for the task group which next took Eniwetok . On the 25th , they departed the Marshalls for Pearl Harbor and overhaul .
Vice Admiral Turner , now Commander of Amphibious Forces , Pacific , boarded Rocky Mount again , along with Lt. Gen. Holland Smith , USMC , Commander , 5th Amphibious Corps . The ship got underway 29 May as flagship for the `` Joint Expeditionary Force '' attacking the Marianas Islands . On 15 June they reached Saipan and directed initial landings which came under heavy mortar and rifle fire and air attack . After 24 days , organized resistance on the island ceased . Rocky Mount proceeded to Guam 20 July , and 4 days later sailed for Tinian .
Rear Adm. Forrest B. Royal broke their flag on board Rocky Mount in Pearl Harbor on 26 August . On 15 September they departed for Manus , and 1 month later sortied for the assault on Leyte , Philippine Islands , as flagship of the Amphibious Force Fleet . From 21 to 24 October they participated in shore bombardment , temporarily silencing enemy mortar fire which had damaged several beached LSTs . The ship then sailed for practice and drills in the Admiralty Islands and New Guinea .
Rocky Mount returned to the Philippines to participate in the Lingayen Gulf operation as flagship of Attack Group `` Baker '' , 6 January 1945 . The amphibious group was under frequent air attack from the enemy-held island of Luzon . For 5 weeks Rocky Mount acted as flagship , Lingayen Area Control Group . On 8 March they carried Lt. Gen. R. L. Eichelberger , Brig . Gen. White , and Maj. Gen. J . A. Dow and their staff to Santa Cruz Bank for landings on Zamboanga Peninsula , Mindanao . This ship observed and directed the assault for 2 weeks following their arrival on the 10th .
While anchored in Subic Bay , Rocky Mount welcomed Brigadier Lindley Barham , Australian Army ( AA ) , 4 April , and departed for Morotai where all hands attended memorial services for the late President Franklin D. Roosevelt . On the 23d , Brigadier D. A. Whitehead , AA , and their staff embarked and Rocky Mount got underway for landings on Tarakan Island , Borneo . Maj. Gen. George Wootten , AA , came on board at Morotai on 3 May , and the ship began its second part of the Borneo Campaign - the assault from Brunei Bay . After naval shore bombardment 10 June , Rocky Mount landed troops , and 1 week later they were underway for Leyte . En route Rear Admiral Royal died from a heart attack 18 June .
Ten days after Japan surrendered , Rocky Mount reported to Commander , 7th Fleet , as their flagship . They embarked part of their staff at Manila 1 September , and then sailed for Jinsen , Korea , where , on the 10th , Admiral Thomas C. Kinkaid came on board and broke their flag . The next day the ship was underway across the Yellow Sea to the Yangtze River Patrol .
They led U.S. and Allied ships up the Yangtze and Huangpu Rivers the 19th , and returned to Shanghai where they were met by cheering crowds along the shores .
Post-war and decommissioning
From the day they arrived at Pearl Harbor , 27 December 1943 , the ship never left the combat area of the Pacific and came through all of the operations unscathed . They were dubbed `` The Rock '' and `` Veteran Queen of Amphibious Fleets '' . They decommissioned and was placed in reserve with the San Francisco Group , Pacific Fleet , on 22 March 1947 . They remained in this status until struck from the Navy List 1 July 1960 .
For their service during World War II , Rocky Mount earned six battle stars , and the Navy Unit Commendation .
References
External links
navsource.org : USS Rocky Mount
Wartime History of the USS Rocky Mount
https : //www.history.navy.mil/content/history/nhhc/research/histories/ship-histories/danfs/r/rocky-mount.html
Appalachian-class command ships
Ships built in Kearny , New Jersey
1943 ships
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
