When Congress passed legislation in December to fund most of the government through the remainder of the fiscal year , Senator Elizabeth Warren and liberal Democrats nearly killed the bill over a policy rider that rolled back a piece of the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory bill . It was a sign , they warned , of what 's to come .
Just a few days into the 114th Congress , those warnings are proving prescient . On Thursday afternoon , the Senate overwhelmingly passed legislation to renew the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act ( TRIA ) , which expired at the end of 2014 and allows the federal government to backstop commercial insurance companies up to $ 200 million in the case of a terrorist attack . But the bill , which the House passed on Wednesday , also eliminates another provision in the financial regulatory bill . Wall Street 's strategy to dismantle Dodd-Frank is only picking up speed .
The regulation that TRIA rolls back is not pivotal to Dodd-Frank . It gives the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and Commodities Future Trading Commission ( CFTC ) oversight over collateral and margin requirements for certain financial trades—known as derivatives—with commercial end users . It 's not as important to Dodd-Frank as Section 716 , which prevented banks from using taxpayer-backed money to trade in certain high risk financial products and was eliminated in the year-end funding bill known as the CROmnibus . But it still weakens the law . “ The oversight of margin and collateral for derivatives transactions is a basic regulatory safeguard , ” Americans for Financial Reform wrote in an open letter opposing the provision . “ Even though regulators have not proposed to require any margin of commercial end users at this time , it is inappropriate to completely eliminate the ability of central derivatives market regulators to take action in this important area . ”
The regulation has nothing to do with terrorism risk insurance ; it was slipped into the bill so that it would pass without much fanfare . New York Senator Chuck Schumer , who has been one of the leading advocates for TRIA , called the provision “ a pound of flesh in a must-pass piece of legislation. ” In other words , it 's not a good change but it 's the price liberals must pay to pass TRIA .
The lineup features Bret Michaels , Mark Farner , American Idol winner David Cook , and the legendary Rock and Roll Hall of Fame group The Lovin ' Spoonful and more .
stock photo
The Kokomo Performing Arts Pavilion has announced its 2015 summer concert series at Foster Park in downtown Kokomo .
The series will include classic rock , country , classic hits and pop . The lineup features Bret Michaels ( lead singer of Poison ) , Mark Farner ( former lead singer of Grand Funk Railroad ) , American Idol winner David Cook , and the legendary Rock and Roll Hall of Fame group The Lovin ' Spoonful and more .
The series will coincide with many of the local festivals , and all of the concerts are free to the public and considered family friendly . Participants are encouraged to bring lawn chairs , blankets and a picnic for each evening .
Summer concerts for the 2015 season include :
Have you recently upgraded to a new PC and downloaded the latest After Effects version and started getting intermittent errors on any plugin that uses 3D Ray Tracing ? Tried to open the settings and found that your brand new GTX 10 Series card was n't supported by the program ? Or maybe you are like me and use VideoCopilots Element 3D plugin , and found it getting odd 3D and AO related crash errors ? Well , look no further , because the root cause of all these issues is that After Effects does not officially support the latest Pascal series of graphics card for anything related to CUDA or 3D Ray Tracing – only OpenCL support is present .
How to enable After Effects CUDA and Ray Traced 3D Support on GeForce GTX Titan Xp , GTX 1080 Ti , GTX 1070 , GTX 1060 , GTX 1050 Ti and other Pascal based graphics cards
I recently had to go through the same process and you can imagine my frustration when I discovered that while my old GeForce GTX 580 ( and old Adobe CC version ) worked happily together , my brand new GeForce GTX 1070 was not only failing to be detected by Adobe After Effects , but was causing crashes on anything that had remotely to do with Ray Traced 3D rendering . I have a preference for NVIDIA cards when it comes to workstations because of legacy support for CUDA based tools – which I regularly used , so this was quite an upset for me .
Element3D is one of the most popular 3D motion graphics tools out there that are affordable and available to the mainstream audience . While After Effects now bundles Cinema4D , the intuitive UI and tutorials/model packs available over at the Element3D website make the latter the tool of choice for amateurs all around the world . This is why it seems surprising to me that NVIDIA or After Effects would neglect this user base and not offer any kind of legacy support .
If you go to Preferences - > Preview - > GPU Information , you will see that the 10 series GPU shows up as an unsupported Ray Tracing device – and you can only enable broken CUDA support for it which wont actually fix any problems .
The following problems are related to the lack of support :
Any crashes related to the native Ray Traced 3D renderer present in After Effects .
Crashes related to VideoCopilot 's Element3D
Crashes related to VideoCopilot 's Element3D particularly when turning on the high quality Ray Traced AO mode .
Any attempt to open old project files which contains 3D Ray Tracing/Element 3D crashing unceremoniously .
Some sample error messages include :
Ray-traced 3D : Initial shader compile failed
Ray-traced 3D : Can not create context for ray tracer
Ray-traced 3D : Out of paged memory for ray tracer . Your project may exceed GPU limits . Try closing other applications . Try updating the CUDA driver .
crash occurred while invoking element 3d plugin
Fortunately , I was quickly able to locate the source of the problem : the OptiX DLL file provided by NVIDIA to After Effects which was now outdated and had no support for GTX 10 series graphics cards , which includes the GeForce GTX TITAN Xp , GTX 1080 Ti , GTX 1080 , GTX 1070 Ti , GTX 1060 , GTX 1050 Ti and GTX 1050 graphics cards . I assume the problem will also persist for mobility based laptops that use the Pascal architecture as well .
The problem is very easy to fix :
Download the Optix .dll file from NVIDIA official ( any version above 3.9.1 will do ) or by using a third party download link , I am using the version downloaded from here – password is idmee .
Replace the Optix .dll file present in the After Effects root folder ( the old version should be 3.6.3 or near that ) .
Open the “ raytracer_supported_cards.txt ” file with notepad and add in your GPU name . The GPU name is simply the full name of your GPU . For eg , mine was “ GeForce GTX 1070 ” . If you are not sure , you can run GPU sniffer in CMD to see the name .
Reboot after effects .
Go to Preferences - > Preview - > GPU Information - > Change Ray Tracing to “ GPU ” which should now be fully supported and all the errors should vanish without a trace .
This was a rather shocking experience for me – and I really hope NVIDIA/Adobe realizes that some of the plugins that use Ray Traced 3D are not legacy at the moment – they are very much actively used . Killing support for future CUDA support like this can only hurt future sales , especially when the fix is this easy and as simple as simply including an updated OPTIX dll file .
“ It is very irritating that they put the increased severity in punishment for abuse and women 's ordination at the same level , ” said Christian Weisner , the spokesman for “ We Are Church , ” a liberal Catholic reform movement founded in 1996 in response to a high-profile sexual abuse case in Austria . “ It tells us that the church still understands itself as an environment dominated by men . ”
The reaction among American Catholics could be measured in some degree by comments from the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops . Archbishop Donald W. Wuerl of Washington , a top official in the group , called the document a “ welcome statement ” even as he took pains to praise the role of women in the church . “ The church 's gratitude to women can not be stated strongly enough , ” he said at a news conference in Washington . “ Women offer unique insight , creative abilities and unstinting generosity at the very heart of the Catholic Church . ”
Still , the archbishop added . “ The Catholic Church through its long and constant teaching holds that ordination has been , from the beginning , reserved to men , a fact which can not be changed despite changing times . ”
At a news conference at the Vatican , Msgr . Charles J. Scicluna , the Vatican 's internal prosecutor in charge of handling sexual abuse cases , explained the change on women 's ordination in technical terms . “ Sexual abuse and pornography are more grave delicts , they are an egregious violation of moral law , ” Monsignor Scicluna said in his first public appearance since the sex abuse crisis hit . “ Attempted ordination of women is grave , but on another level , it is a wound that is an attempt against the Catholic faith on the sacramental orders . ”
The revision codifies a 2007 ruling that made attempting to ordain women an offense punishable with excommunication . The new document said that a priest who tried to ordain a woman could now be defrocked .
For more than two decades , polls have shown that large majorities of American Catholics favor allowing women to be ordained as priests , despite the lack of support for it among church leaders . The latest poll of American Catholics by The New York Times and CBS News , released in May , showed that 59 percent favored ordaining women , while 33 percent were opposed .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
“ I think they see us as their worst nightmare and they 're doing as much as they can to stop it , ” said Bridget Mary Meehan , one of five American women who say they have been ordained as bishops as part of a tiny movement of women in Europe and the United States who claim to have been ordained as bishops , priests and deacons .
The movement , called Roman Catholic Womenpriests , now claims that 100 women have been given ordination ceremonies as priests , deacons or bishops , and 75 of those are Americans , Ms. Meehan said .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At the news conference here unveiling the changes , Monsignor Scicluna said that rules on their own could not eradicate priestly abuse but that the church now had better tools to work toward that . “ This gives a signal that we are very , very serious in our commitment to promote safe environments and to offer an adequate response to abuse , ” he said . “ If more changes are needed , they will be made . ”
In addition to making the faster administrative procedures for disciplining priests the rule , not the exception , the new norms also added possession of child pornography and sexual abuse of mentally disabled adults to the list of grave crimes .
The Vatican also doubled the statute of limitations for abuse cases to 20 years from the victim 's 18th birthday . After that , a priest could be removed from the ministry but not defrocked unless the Vatican lifted the statute of limitations in the case , a right it reserves on a case-by-case basis .
Many victims have said they did not feel able to come forward until long after abuse took place .
Critics immediately said the revisions did not go far enough .
“ Given his authority , Benedict could implement meaningful change , ” Bishopaccountability.org , which tracks cases of sexual abuse by priests worldwide , said in a statement , referring to Pope Benedict XVI . “ He could direct bishops to report every allegation of child sexual abuse to the police , regardless of whether civil law requires them to do so . He could threaten punishment of any bishop or church official who enables or fails to stop a child-molesting priest . ”
For years , bishops complained to the Vatican about confusion over how to handle sexual abuse cases . In 2001 , Pope John Paul II issued a document saying all credible allegations of abuse by priests should be reported to the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith . But the document was not widely circulated , and the confusion remained .
In April , the Vatican for the first time published online guidelines that it said it advised bishops to follow in handling abuse , including reporting all sexual abuse cases to the Vatican and to civil authorities in countries that required mandatory reporting of crimes . But those guidelines do not hold the force of law .
The new document did not change that . “ It 's not for canonical legislation to get itself involved with civil law , ” Monsignor Scicluna said .
I guess everyone knows , that using :
< script type= `` text/javascript '' > myMagicFunction ( `` This & That '' ) ; < /script >
is pretty bad practice . The issue is , that the & should be escaped and read as & instead .
If you are reading this code with an Ajax-Request and it contains for instance unescaped & character , it will fail to load the xml properly and also fail executing the embedded javascript .
The workaround I see pretty often is the following ( even suggested by w3schools :
< script type= `` text/javascript '' > < ! [ CDATA [ myMagicFunction ( `` This & That '' ) ; ] ] > < /script >
a better way is of course :
< script type= `` text/javascript '' > // < ! [ CDATA [ myMagicFunction ( `` This & That '' ) ; // ] ] > < /script >
because it does not break any backwards compatibility to browsers , who do not get the cdata tag when in non xml mode .
This solution has one big problem : This claims the inner content to be included at this point and be escaped automatically . And this valid html will be made visible to search engines .
Since I do n't want anyone to count this comments as content for my website I am using the following solution for ages :
< script type= `` text/javascript '' > // < ! -- myMagicFunction ( `` This & That '' ) ; // -- > < /script >
It works like a charm . If you are still using any of the previous solutions , please consider this solution as a replacement .
Automatic sperm extractor
Recently an entry on Weibo about an automatic perm extractor went viral , it says , “ A hospital in Nanjing introduced an automatic sperm extractor . The screen on the machine plays artistic movies and with surround sound in the room . There is a massager at the bottom of the machine with adjustable speed and frequency . Now you can make that money standing up ! ”
Zhengzhou evening news claimed in a report that hospital in Zhengzhou also has this machine . Reporter went to Zhengzhou Central Hospital , affiliated to Zhengzhou University . Directed by hospital urology department head Zhu Guoxin , reporter finally saw the “ amazing machine ” . Just like the pictures on Weibo , the machine had a display screen on top and automatically played artistic movies when the machine was switched on . The “ massage pipe ” in front can be adjusted according to the height of the user . Users can also adjust speed , frequency , amplitude and temperature etc . Machine is also equipped with headphones and two handles on both sides .
However as to what was said on Weibo “ make that money standing up ” , Zhu Guoxin stated that this sperm extractor was not used for sperm donation but rather it was used on infertility patients .
“ When male infertility patient come for treatment , we must first fully inspect the sperm which requires sperm extraction. ” Zhu said , “ This machine is only recommended for patients that had difficulty retrieving perms , user must use a condom , but lubricant and chemicals on condoms will affect the accuracy of the test results . ”
Zhu then said , “ Perhaps netizens misunderstood the usage of the machine , and thought it was used for sperm donation . In fact , sperm bank has very high standards ; donors must go through strict medical examination and they will definitely not use a sperm extractor . ”
Todd Robert Bowles ( born November 18 , 1963 ) is an American football coach who is the defensive coordinator of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League ( NFL ) , as well as a former player . He played eight seasons in the NFL as a safety , mainly for the Washington Redskins , and started in Super Bowl XXII against the Denver Broncos . Bowles was the interim defensive coordinator for the Philadelphia Eagles in 2012 , and then for the Arizona Cardinals in 2013 and 2014 . He was the interim head coach for the Miami Dolphins for the final three games of the 2011 season with a 2-1 record after the firing of Tony Sparano , and served as the heach coach of the New York Jets from 2015-2018 .
Early years [ edit ]
Bowles attended Elizabeth High School in Elizabeth , New Jersey . [ 1 ] He played college football at Temple University for former Arizona Cardinals and current Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Bruce Arians .
Playing career [ edit ]
Bowles was signed by the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent on May 7 , 1986 . [ 2 ] He chose the Redskins over six other NFL teams , and signed a contract that included a signing bonus between $ 8,000 and $ 10,000 . Bowles competed in training camp with free safety Raphel Cherry , and beat him out to earn a spot on the regular season roster . [ 3 ] In his second training camp in 1987 , Bowles beat out Curtis Jordan for the starting free safety job when Jordan was released during final roster cuts on September 8 , 1987 . [ 4 ] He was the starting free safety in Super Bowl XXII , which Washington won in a blowout .
On February 1 , 1989 , after his contract expired , Bowles was left unprotected by the Redskins during `` Plan B '' free agency , despite being a regular starter at free safety the previous two seasons . [ 5 ] This was reportedly due to his poor catching abilities in 1988 , as well as his lack of playmaking ability . He negotiated contracts with the Dallas Cowboys , Minnesota Vikings , and New York Giants , [ 6 ] but ultimately re-signed with the Redskins . [ 7 ] In 1990 , Bowles received a salary of $ 300,000 , [ 8 ] and started 18 games ( including playoffs ) . [ 9 ]
The San Francisco 49ers signed Bowles to start for the team in 1991 after being left unprotected by the Redskins again . [ 10 ] He played in all 16 games and started in 14 of them . He was waived during final roster cuts on September 1 , 1992 . [ 11 ] He was claimed off waivers by the Redskins on September 2 , 1992 . [ 12 ] He was waived by the Redskins during final roster cuts on August 31 , 1993 . [ 13 ]
Coaching career [ edit ]
After retiring as a player , Bowles was a member of the Green Bay Packers ' player personnel staff from 1995–1996 . He was the defensive coordinator and secondary coach at Morehouse College in 1997 , and the defensive coordinator and defensive backs coach at Grambling State from 1998–1999 . He was the defensive backs coach for the New York Jets in 2000 , Cleveland Browns in 2004 , and Dallas Cowboys from 2005–2007 . He was the Browns ' defensive nickel package coach from 2001–2003 .
Miami Dolphins [ edit ]
Bowles was hired by the Miami Dolphins as the team 's secondary coach and assistant head coach on January 23 , 2008 . After nearly four seasons as the secondary coach and assistant head coach , he was named the interim head coach on December 12 , 2011 , following the firing of head coach Tony Sparano . Bowles ' first game as interim head coach of the Dolphins came on December 18 , on the road against the Buffalo Bills . The Dolphins won the game 30–23 . The Dolphins finished 2–1 under Bowles in 2011 .
Philadelphia Eagles [ edit ]
The Philadelphia Eagles hired Bowles as the team 's secondary coach on January 30 , 2012 . The Eagles announced on October 16 , 2012 , that they dismissed defensive coordinator Juan Castillo from his duties and named Todd Bowles as their new defensive coordinator . Under Bowles , the Eagles finished the season ninth in pass defense and twenty-third in rushing defense . [ 14 ]
Arizona Cardinals [ edit ]
On January 18 , 2013 , Bowles was hired as defensive coordinator for the Arizona Cardinals . On January 31 , 2015 , he was voted Associated Press ( AP ) 's Assistant Coach of the Year for his efforts in the 2014 season . [ 15 ] Bowles received 22 of the 50 media members ' votes , winning the inaugural award . [ 16 ]
New York Jets [ edit ]
Days after the release of Rex Ryan , the New York Jets named Bowles their new head coach and signed him to a 4-year deal on January 14 , 2015 . [ 17 ]
On July 28 , 2015 , it was revealed that Bowles underwent a partial knee replacement surgery . In the 2015-2016 season , the Jets won 10 games under Bowles 's first year leading the team , and the team would barely miss the playoffs . [ 18 ] The 2016 season saw the Jets finish near the bottom of the league in most offensive categories , but 11th in rushing yards . [ 19 ]
On December 29 , 2017 , it was announced by the Jets organization that Bowles had been retained for the 2018 season , and signed an extension to continue as coach through 2020 . [ 20 ] On December 30 , 2018 , the Jets fired Bowles after finishing 4-12 . [ 21 ]
Tampa Bay Buccaneers [ edit ]
On January 8 , 2019 , Bowles was hired as the defensive coordinator of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers , rejoining Bruce Arians as a member of his staff after Arians was hired as the team 's head coach . [ 22 ]
Head coaching record [ edit ]
Team Year Regular season Postseason Won Lost Ties Win % Finish Won Lost Win % Result MIA * 2011 2 1 0 .667 3rd in AFC East – – – – MIA total 2 1 0 .667 – – – – – NYJ 2015 10 6 0 .625 2nd in AFC East – – – – NYJ 2016 5 11 0 .313 4th in AFC East – – – – NYJ 2017 5 11 0 .313 4th in AFC East – – – – NYJ 2018 4 12 0 .250 4th in AFC East – – – – NYJ total 24 40 0 .375 – – – – Total [ 23 ] 26 41 0 .388 0 0 .000 –
* – Interim head coach
Coaching tree [ edit ]
NFL head coaches under whom Bowles has served :
Paul Waldman is a contributing editor with The American Prospect magazine and the author and co-author of several books including `` The Press Effect : Politicians , Journalists , and the Stories That Shape the Political World . ''
The National Rifle Association tells elected officials that if they support any kind of restriction on guns , they are doomed to defeat at the polls , and many of them believe it . The truth , however , is that not only does the N.R.A . have virtually no effect on elections , the public is quite open to any number of sensible restrictions on guns .
This year , the N.R.A . spent over $ 13 million in a failed attempt to defeat President Obama . In the Senate , the group spent over $ 100,000 in eight races trying to elect their favored candidates . Seven of the eight lost , most by comfortable margins . That pattern is repeated in election after election .
This year , the N.R.A . spent millions to defeat President Obama and win eight Senate races . Its candidates lost all but one Senate race .
That is n't to say the group does n't wield influence . The N.R.A . 's ability to sway elections may be a myth , but myths can be powerful . Members of Congress who have nothing to fear cower in the mistaken belief that the issue can only benefit those who want more guns in more hands . Even after one of their own colleagues was shot in the head at a public event , lawmakers did nothing .
Gun advocates note that when surveys ask broad questions on gun control , more Americans say they are against it than for it . But that ca n't be a result of our national debate . The last time we really debated the issue – in the 1990s – support for restrictions rose . But after the N.R.A . successfully convinced Democrats that they lost Congress in 1994 and the White House in 2000 because of the gun issue ( contentions contradicted by the evidence ) , Democrats retreated from the issue in fear . So in recent years , the debate has sounded like this : Gun advocates say Democrats are sending jackbooted thugs to take away everyone 's guns , and Democrats assure everyone they have no plans to do anything of the sort . So it 's not surprising that support for `` gun control '' has fallen .
But public opinion looks much different when you ask people specific questions . Polls show that majorities of Americans favor almost every restriction actually being proposed to set limits on gun ownership . For example , the General Social Survey has long found three-quarters of Americans saying everyone should have to get a permit from the local police before buying a gun . A Times/CBS News poll last year found 63 percent of Americans in favor of a ban on high-capacity magazines . When we have a real debate about what steps we can take to make mass shootings less likely and less deadly , it 's those kinds of specific measures we 'll be discussing , not abstract `` gun control , '' and advocates of gun safety will have the public behind them .
Perhaps the horror of 20 children being killed in Newtown will finally push members of Congress to locate their spines and begin working to pass some sensible gun legislation . Consider that on the very same day as the Newtown massacre , a deranged man walked into a school in Chengping , China and tried to kill as many children as he could . He attacked 22 of them . But because he was wielding a knife , not one of the children died .
Microsoft officials have dropped hints in the past that the company would be making a combined keyboard/cover for its Surface devices that would include a built-in battery .
The latest anonymously sourced reports from Neowin.net and the Windows SuperSite indicate these new covers are , indeed , in the pipeline .
The so-called Power Covers will extend the battery life of the Intel-Haswell-based Surface 2 Pro , existing Intel-based Surface Pro and the coming ARM-based Surface 2 , those sources are saying , but there 's no word on exactly how much extra life they will add .
According to Windows SuperSite 's Paul Thurrott , the new battery-inclusive Type Power Cover will be .38 inches ( 9.75 mm ) thick , compared to .21 inches ( 5.33 mm ) for today 's Type Cover .
The new covers may not be available until some time after the actual launch of the new Surfaces , however , the reports indicate .
Microsoft 's first-generation ARM-based Surface RT devices sported eight- to ten-hour battery life . ( My actual experience -- after Microsoft replaced my original Surface RT due to my suspicious battery report -- has been it 's closer to seven , but that 's still pretty decent . ) The first-generation Intel core i5 Surface Pro devices only clocked in at four to five hours of battery life , which was fine for some users and problematic for others .
Microsoft officials also have hinted that the company will be making the Surface keyboards -- both the Touch and Type ones -- available in more colors at some point . At the company 's partner show , Microsoft officials reiterated that Surface peripherals would be coming in additional colors .
There 's no word in either report from today , September 5 , as to how much additional Microsoft will be charging for the Power Covers . Microsoft recently made permanent a $ 40 cut to the price of its Touch covers for Surface , resulting in them starting at $ 79 ( U.S . )
In case it 's not clear , Microsoft officials are not commenting on the next-generation Surfaces or Surface peripherals .
“ The Army was my life , ” she said . “ These leaders , they almost destroyed me . ”
Sergeant Major King 's direct supervisor , Command Sgt . Maj. John R. Calpena , was traveling on Thursday and was not available for comment . Maj. Gen. Richard C. Longo , the former head of Initial Military Training for the Army , now deployed to Afghanistan , declined to be interviewed , citing Sergeant Major King 's legal action , known as an Article 138 complaint .
Photo
To her supporters , Sergeant Major King 's case underscores how difficult it remains for even the toughest of women to ascend into high-profile jobs in the Army , where combat experience remains the essential currency . Because women can not serve in combat , they are automatically handicapped in establishing their leadership bona fides , her supporters say .
Her critics assert that Sergeant Major King , who spent the last decade mainly in training jobs on domestic bases , should at least have deployed to Iraq or Afghanistan with a noncombat support unit . But she argues that if she had , she would not have gained much experience useful to training drill sergeants .
“ At the schoolhouse , you 're training in doctrine , ” she said . “ You do n't have to go to combat to teach a sergeant how to transform a civilian into a soldier . ”
“ We certainly have a lot of work to do ” to integrate women into high-ranking jobs , she continued . “ Look at how I was treated . In public , in the open . ”
Small , wiry and intense , Sergeant Major King does not seem the type to shout discrimination easily . The daughter of a North Carolina sharecropper , with 31 years in uniform , she thrived like few other women in the Army , earning top scores in fitness tests and evaluations , and becoming an unabashed expert in the minutia of Army regulations . Divorced and without children , she called the Army her family , and bore her nickname , No Slack , proudly .
As commandant , Sergeant Major King recruited high-performing drill sergeants from training bases like Fort Benning , Ga. , and Fort Leonard Wood , Mo. , to be teachers at Fort Jackson , then oversaw the rigorous 10-week course that produces new drill sergeants .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In her first months , she was pushed by her commander then , Lt. Gen. Mark P. Hertling , to methodically enforce basic standards on everything from body fat to rifle handling , which he felt had declined . She ordered her staff to reject candidates who were even slightly overweight or unfit and to reprimand instructors for infractions like discourteous behavior and wearing their hair too long . The failure rate for drill-instructor recruits rose .
Photo
“ We were trying to maintain very high standards , ” General Hertling said in an interview . “ I think she did a very good job . ”
But as soon as General Hertling transferred to become head of Army forces in Europe in early 2011 , things changed . “ It was like a duck hunt , ” said Sgt . Maj. Robert Maggard , Sergeant Major King 's deputy and staunchest supporter .
Once treated as an equal to brigade commanders , Sergeant Major King was no longer invited to meetings regarding the school . In his first visit , General Longo told her , “ I 've been hearing bad things about you , ” she said . In a subsequent visit , he had an aide tell her to avoid the cafeteria while the general dined there .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
In a visit last September , Sergeant Major Calpena delivered a blistering critique of Sergeant Major King 's tenure , she said , telling the staff she had been overly doctrinaire and by-the-book .
She said she once even overheard Sergeant Major Calpena urging a disgruntled sergeant to file a complaint against her . “ I was working 16- , 18-hour days , and Sergeant Major Calpena was running around , trying to get me relieved , sabotaging me , ” she said .
Sergeant Major Calpena , an Army Ranger with multiple combat deployments , announced her suspension last November in a stormy private meeting in her office . “ He came in swinging , ” she said , telling her she was deeply unpopular among her peers because of her unyielding style and lack of front-line experience .
Cut off from her friends and students , she said , the holiday season was almost unbearable . “ If I had just quit , I knew that I could possibly die . Because those were very dark days , ” she said . “ The drill sergeant school was all I had . ”
Photo
Sergeant Major Maggard 's wife , Barbara , would call just to hear her voice , then hang up when she answered , not speaking because of the no-contact order . On Christmas , she left presents on Sergeant Major King 's porch .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In March , General Longo 's office sent a redacted version of its investigation , which contained complaints from eight sergeants , all of whom had faced disciplinary action , according to her lawyer , James E. Smith , a state legislator and member of the Army National Guard . Two later rescinded their complaints , he said .
“ If she had been a man , this would not have happened , ” he said , noting that several recent male commandants have not had combat experience but did not face such complaints .
Sergeant Major King gathered support statements from more than 45 soldiers , but no action was taken on her response until she filed the complaint .
She is now asking to remain commandant for six additional months — the period she was under suspension . She also wants to stay in the Army beyond her mandatory retirement date in August .
Her command has said she will be replaced on schedule , May 17 . But she has implored South Carolina 's Congressional delegation to intervene .
“ If I leave next week , where do I go ? ” she asked . “ I had a family in the Army . ”
Olbermann aims 'Special Comment ' at Clinton campaign David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published : Wednesday March 12 , 2008
|
Print This Email This MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann for the first time turned his `` Special Comment '' sights on a Democrat : Sen. Hillary Clinton . Olbermann pulled no punches in a withering attack on events surrounding the Clinton campaign in recent days regarding Geraldine Ferraro 's controversial statements about Sen. Barack Obama and race . `` I have fought with myself over whether or not to say anything , '' Olbermann begins tentatively , before saying , `` Events insist . '' Directly addressing Clinton , Olbermann says , `` [ A ] s it has reached its apex in their tone-deaf , arrogant and insensitive reaction to the remarks of Geraldine Ferraro , your own advisors are slowly killing your chances to become president . `` Senator , their words and your own are now slowly killing the chances for any Democrat to become president , '' he continued . `` In your tepid response to this Ferraro disaster , you may sincerely think you are disenthralling an enchanted media and righting an unfair advance bestowed on Sen. Obama . You may think the matter has closed with Rep. Ferraro 's bitter , almost threatening resignation letter , but in fact , senator , you are now campaigning as if Barack Obama were the Democrat and you were the Republican . '' Olbermann said of former vice presidential candidate Ferraro , who stepped down from the Clinton campaign today after days in the spotlight , `` [ S ] he was ... dismissing Sen. Obama 's candidacy as nothing more than some equal-opportunity stunt . '' Olbermann warned that by associating her campaign with the `` cheap , ignorant , vile racism that underlies every syllable '' of Ferraro 's resignation letter , Clinton was hurting herself . `` Senator Clinton , '' said Olbermann , `` this is not a campaign strategy . This is a suicide pact . `` This week alone , '' he added , `` your so-called strategists have declared that Sen. Obama has not yet crossed some 'Commander-in-Chief threshold , ' but he might still be your choice to be vice president . ... A midterm succession , but you only pick him if he crosses that threshold by the time of the convention , but if he does ... , he will only have done so sufficiently enough to become vice president , not president . `` Senator , if the serpentine logic of your so-called advisers were not bad enough , now thanks to Geraldine Ferraro and ... your new relationship with her , ... if you were to seek Obama as a vice president , it would be to Ms. Ferraro some kind of social-engineering gesture ... '' Olbermann continued , `` Her only reaction has been to brand herself as the victim and resign from your committee and insist she will continue to speak . Unless , Senator , you say something definitive , the former congresswoman is speaking with your approval . `` You must remedy this , and you must reject and denounce Geraldine Ferraro , '' he concluded .
Uruguay prepared to receive Lula da Silva if he requests political asylum
22nd Tuesday , November 2016 - 09:36 UTC Full article
Brazil is a very important country for Uruguay , from all points of view ; it is in the interest of us to have the best of possible relations with the government of Brazil .
Uruguay is a country of open arms , underlined Vazquez , whoever arrives in Uruguay to work , to live , to share , to respect our laws ... is welcome .
President Tabare Vazquez said on Monday that Uruguay recognizes the government of president Michel Temer , respects the decisions of Brazil emerging from its political situation and admitted considering giving asylum to Brazilian politicians , if contemplated under International Law .
It must be clear that Uruguay historically and in the framework of international relations recognizes governments , and Brazil now has a government which Uruguay has already recognized said Vazquez on Monday talking with the media following a conference with Brazilian business people in São Paulo .
Brazil is a very important country for Uruguay , from all points of view , including trade and investment , and thus it is in the interest of us to have the best of possible relations with the government of Brazil , added the president .
Brazil 's domestic problems are addressed and solved by Brazil , and us , from outside are not entitled to any opinion on the matter . We do n't want to intervene in domestic political problems of other countries , insisted the Uruguayan leader in reference to the political situation Brazil is still going through , including a raft of corruption scandals .
Vazquez was cautious when referring to president Michel Temer and hardly mentioned him , but he also anticipated that if any Brazilian politician appeals for asylum in Uruguay , and the situation is contemplated by International Law , Uruguay will accept it and receive the person .
I believe president Temer is a very kind and serious person , I talked with him for half an hour in New York ... that 's it , said Vazquez and took no more questions on the matter .
In recent weeks there have been insistent rumors in Uruguay that ex president Lula da Silva , mentioned as a suspect in several corruption cases linked to Petrobras , and who this week faces a round of questionings , could be planning to take political refuge in Uruguay .
Several media recalled that one of Lula 's sons who are a soccer coach is working for a Uruguayan football team with the purpose of preparing the asylum for the family , but his solicitors and the local team have strongly denied such possibility .
Uruguay is a country of open arms , underlined Vazquez without giving names , whoever arrives in Uruguay to work , to live , to share , to respect our laws ... is welcome .
Vazquez concluded saying that , as I have repeatedly stated , within the constitution and our legal system , all is accepted , but outside that framework , not an iota .
Republican Mitt Romney 's presidential campaign has taken on a celebratory tone , as Romney and his new vice presidential running mate , Paul Ryan , basked in the support of cheering crowds in North Carolina .
Thousands of people lined a highway in High Point on Sunday to greet Romney and Ryan , who stopped to shake hands and exchange high-fives with some of them . Another 1,300 packed into a stifling hot furniture warehouse for a rally with the Republican candidates .
`` We can turn this around , '' said Ryan , 42 , who was speaking of the economy and budget but might as well have been referring to the campaign of Romney , who has trailed Democratic President Barack Obama in recent polls .
`` We can do this . We can get this country back on track , '' Ryan told the cheering crowd . `` We can get our people back to work . We can get our debt paid off so we can give our children a better standard of life . ''
Romney added that he and Ryan have `` a long road ahead of us , but this is day two to reclaim America 's progress . ''
The November 6 election is more than two months away , but Sunday 's rally had the intensity of a typical late-October campaign event .
New energy
It showed how Romney 's selection of the Wisconsin congressman as his running mate has injected new energy into a campaign that had struggled to move beyond Democrats ' efforts to cast Romney as a wealthy former private equity executive who can not relate to middle-class Americans .
Hours earlier in Virginia , where Romney introduced him as the No . 2 on the Republican ticket on Saturday , Ryan , the chairman of the House of Representatives Budget Committee , told reporters that being thrust into the presidential campaign was `` very exciting . We 're going to win this campaign . We 've got the wind behind us . ''
Romney , 65 , seemed relieved to have a sidekick to end what he has called the `` two against one '' dynamic of the race , with Obama and Vice President Joe Biden on one side and Romney on the other .
`` It 's a far more compelling dynamic than just being out there on my own , '' Romney said late Saturday .
But it also was evident that Romney 's selection of Ryan - who is known for his sweeping budget plan to reduce government spending and debt by trimming taxes and revamping Medicare and other social programs - is going to raise a series of hurdles for his campaign as it sprints toward Election Day .
In choosing Ryan , Romney is attaching himself to Ryan 's controversial budget plan , which has been blasted by Democrats who say it would dismantle popular social programs that help the elderly and the poor .
Ryan 's selection also suggested that Romney is tackling a prickly task during an intense , nasty and likely close race for the White House . He is asking Americans to consider tough questions about the future of Medicare , the government-backed health insurance program for the elderly , and a range of other government programs .
‘ Threat to Medicare '
Democrats ' efforts to cast Ryan - and , by extension , Romney - as a threat to Medicare could be key in the election .
Ryan 's plan calls for an end to the guaranteed benefit in Medicare and replaces it with a system that would give vouchers to recipients to pay for health insurance .
The risk in such a plan is that if healthcare costs rise faster than the value of the vouchers , seniors would have to pay the difference .
Obama 's senior campaign adviser David Axelrod said on `` Meet the Press '' that the Medicare changes supported by Ryan would send the healthcare programme , which polls indicate most Americans do not want changed , into a `` death spiral . ''
Romney rejected the notion that Ryan 's plan would kill Medicare .
Ryan `` has a plan ... to make sure we can save Medicare , '' Romney said . `` And guess what , he 's one of two sponsors - and guess what , the other is a leading Democrat , '' a reference to Oregon Senator Ron Wyden .
During an interview that Romney and Ryan gave to CBS 's Bob Schieffer on `` 60 Minutes '' on Sunday , Ryan responded to criticism of his Medicare plan by noting that it would apply only to those younger than 55 .
`` My mom is a Medicare senior in Florida , '' Ryan said . `` Our point is , we need to preserve their benefits , because government made promises to them that they 've organized their retirements around . In order to make sure we can do that , you must reform it for those of us who are younger . And we think these reforms are good reforms . ''
A set of 25 purple billboards may catch your eye along Highway 41 between Milwaukee and northeast Wisconsin .
They 're part of Missing Persons ' Awareness Month , recently proclaimed by Governor Scott Walker for the second year .
Marsha Loritz was the inspiration behind naming April for this cause , after writing to the governor . Loritz 's mother , Victoria Prokopovitz disappeared almost three years ago .
Now she 's transformed her efforts into looking for more than her mother but also helping all the families who also have a loved one missing and know what she is going through .
After looking into a billboard for her mother , it soon rolled into a bigger cause . Now not only is Victoria Prokopovitz 's name on the billboards , but 25 names each week of different missing people .
Currently , there are at least 129 missing persons in Wisconsin according to the National Missing Persons and Unidentified Persons System database . Loritz hopes these billboards will be seen by someone who could help a family looking for a loved one .
Some of the people missing have been gone for years , even decades . People Loritz says should n't be forgotten .
Lamar Advertising has partnered with Loritz by donating all 25 billboards this year as a trial run . She is already fundraising for next year . You can help her cause by donating to her `` Find Wisconsin 's Missing Billboard Fund '' here . Next year she hopes to add photos to the boards .
The 25 billboards placed throughout Wisconsin will have an estimated viewership of 20 million by the end of the month .
Within those millions of views , hopefully at least one family 's story will have an impact and they can find some answers and maybe finally , closure .
New regional trains delivered to Denmark
14 SHARES
Posted : 19 July 2017 | Global Railway Review |
Two years after the initial contract was signed , 13 Coradia Lint regional trains have been delivered to Nordjyske Jernbaner by Alstom .
The trains will be put into operation in autumn this year in Denmark , mainly on the Nordjylland network . The trains were built in Salzgitter ( Germany ) , one of Alstom 's production sites for regional trains .
“ Alstom is pleased to support Nordjyske Jernbaner 's new operating lines with Coradia Lint , a modern regional train that offers full accessibility and increased passenger comfort thanks , to its large number of seats , ” said Christian Algreen-Ussing , Alstom 's Managing Director in Denmark . “ Today , 97 Coradia Lint regional trains previously delivered by Alstom are successfully operating on the Danish network . ”
The Coradia Lint , which has a maximum operating speed of 140km/h , has reduced fuel consumption due to its lightweight construction and is equipped with Wi-Fi , air conditioning , information systems and video surveillance for the full comfort and security of passengers .
“ Nordjyske Jernbaner is significantly increasing its operation activities and we are pleased to have received Alstom 's 13 Coradia Lint on-time , ” added Peter Hvilshøj , CEO of Nordjyske Jernbaner . “ We chose this train as it is a very reliable and well performing train and they fit well into our operational conditions to the benefits of our passengers . ”
The two-unit trains ordered by Nordjyske Jernbaner have a total of 125 seats and up to 135 places for standing passengers .
Stay up-to-date with the community : Here 's what 's been happening this week in the Jewish/LGBT matters .
Top News
ARZA , Association of Reform Zionists of America , secured 56 seats out of a possible 145 in the World Zionist Congress elections , four of them is for LGBT people . A Wider Bridge
A bill to introduce non-religious unions , including same-sex , interfaith and others , fails in the Israeli Knesset . The Times of Israel
Deputy Consul General of Israel to the Mid-Atlantic Region , Elad Strohmayer , celebrated Israel LGBT Progress . The Jewish Exponent
A pro-Israel muslim released a video on YouTube of himself advocating his support to Israel as a gay Muslim in Trafalgar Square , London . Shalom Life
Coming Out
Jewish swimmer Jon Denton-Schneider realized that being a good teammate meant being honest . SB Nation
Local News
SAN FRANCISCO : During last year 's race for the city 's 17th Assembly District seat , one question confronting voters was whether it was important to maintain LGBT elected leadership from the city 's eastern state legislative district . The Bay Area Reporter
SAN FRANCISCO : LGBT and Israel related films at this year 's San Francisco Jewish Film Festival . A Wider Bridge
ST. LOUIS : A new initiative will to create a more inclusive St. Louis Jewish community for LGBTQ individuals and their families was awarded a grant from Jewish Federation . St. Louis Jewish Light
LGBTPhobia
Radio talk show host Dennis Prager says that rabbis who perform same-sex marriage should tell bisexual people to choose their ‘ heterosexual side . ' “ It seems pretty clear that rabbis who wish to be consistent with their argument that not allowing same-sex marriage is unfair to gays because they have n't chosen to be gay would have to counsel a bisexual to confine his or her sexual activity to , and marry , the opposite sex . Bisexuals , after all , do have a choice. ” Jewish Journal
Jewish Celebrities for LGBT
Jon Stewart recently slammed Justice Scalia 's gay marriage dissent during “ The Daily Show ” Genprogress
Reps. Adam Schiff , D-Burbank , and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Fla. , introduced the legislation with support from actress Sally Field , of a bill that prohibits programs that use conversion therapy on lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender youth . Los Angeles Daily News
In Israel
The city that never sleeps has announced ‘ Tel Aviv Water Games , ' a queer sports festival . A Wider Bridge
Niv Zonis just finished his studies in education and criticizes the system for ignoring subjects such as dealing with LGBT kids and LGBTphobia in schools as part of teachers and educators ' training . GoGay
Amir Gefner shares his transgender story . mako
Entertainment
Listen to TYP ‘ s interesting cover of ABBA 's S.O.S . The Advocate
Journalist David Thorpe had recently broken up with his boyfriend when he embarked on a personal journey to confront his anxiety of “ sounding gay ” – and made a movie about it . San Diego Jewish Journal
Opinions
A Wider Bridge 's Advisory Board member Chris McCannell just came back from Israel after taking part in Tel Aviv 's first LGBT leadership conference , where he heard Mayor Ed Murray 's speech , and has something to say to those who tried to prevent Mayor Murray 's from attending the conference . The Washington Blade
Cantor Juval Porat was impressed by the attention that the Knesset members gave to the transgender community . Reform Judaism
Grateful Dead 's last show made gay Jewish rapper Y-Love weep . Quartz
Jeremy Brier , a heterosexual British Jew , traveled with his gay friends to Israel for Tel Aviv 's gay Pride and found it a moving experience . The Jewish Chronicle
Spain 's Ciudadanos party , which sees itself as the clearest equivalent of En Marche ! , issued the most enthusiastic support for Macron on Monday . By contrast Podemos , which supported the leftist French candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon , has avoided backing the candidate .
The challenge in the 21st century is for liberalism to defeat populism Ciudadanos leader Albert Rivera
“ He himself has underscored the similarities between our values , proposals , and our economic and social programs , ” said Ciudadanos leader Albert Rivera in a radio interview on Spanish network Onda Cero . “ The En Marche ! movement is very similar to Ciudadanos . The similarity is basically that it is a center movement with a progressive vision of politics that seeks to renew , not to destroy .
“ The challenge in the 21st century is for liberalism to defeat populism , ” he added . Liberalism has better ideas and better projects to defeat populism than the conservatives and the socialists . ”
Ciudadanos leader Albert Rivera in a file photo . EFE
Despite the fact that the result of Sunday 's vote represents a blow to traditional parties , Spain 's two main blocs have quickly adopted Macron , a pro-EU former banker , as their choice to defeat the far right , as represented by Marine Le Pen .
Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis , of the PP , told the SER radio station on Monday that Macron 's project “ is the one that resembles the Spanish government 's the most . ”
Neither the Spanish executive nor PP party leaders have said a word about the fact that French conservatives have been left out of the race .
Meanwhile , the Spanish Socialists have taken a nuanced stand on the unquestionable debacle suffered by their French counterparts . While there is no praise for Macron , there is a unanimous feeling that the main thing is “ to defeat the extreme right . ”
The future of Europe is at stake . I hope that France will support Macron Former Socialist Party secretary general Pedro Sánchez
“ The future of Europe is at stake . Even if we do n't like his project , I hope that France will support Macron , ” said former PSOE secretary general Pedro Sánchez .
“ There are no excuses . We are risking the European project and our model of coexistence , ” added Susana Díaz , the Andalusian premier .
And Patxi López , a former Basque premier and speaker of Congress , tweeted : “ We are hurt by the results of the Socialist Party in France . But we have to learn : neither sterile radicalisms nor a resigned left . ”
Upbraided by other parties for failing to back Macron , Podemos MEP Miguel Urbán said that “ it is very difficult to choose between a banker of austerity and the monsters of the past that become present through Le Pen. ” According to him , the choice now for French voters is either to abstain or “ to cover their noses ” and vote for Macron .
English version by Susana Urra .
What Happened Before The Big Bang ? And Other Weird Cosmic Questions
I thought it would be fun to start the year addressing some questions that many people have about the universe . Mind you , some of these are far from simple , true to what Milan Kundera once wrote , `` the only truly serious questions are the ones that even a child can formulate . ''
The big bang model asserts that observational evidence is consistent with a universe that originated from a dense and hot initial state some 13.7 billion years ago and that it has been expanding and cooling ever since . It 's important to understand that this claim is not a `` belief '' ; it 's based on solid pieces of evidence .
The expansion is measured by studying light ( visible and in other wavelengths , such as infrared and radio ) emitted by distant galaxies . This light is `` stretched , '' or Doppler shifted , into longer wavelengths like the folds of a pair of bellows . The amount of stretching indicates the recession velocity of the galaxies .
This expansion is a stretching of space itself . Galaxies are not like shrapnel from a bomb . Otherwise the universe would have a center point form where it all started . And in the universe every point is as important as any other point , the ultimate geometrical democracy : like the surface of a ball or of a very large ( say infinite ) table . Imagining different galaxies as coins glued to the ball , an observer in one will see all the others moving away from her . But this will be true of all other observers ; no one is more central . Our universe is like that , but harder to visualize : evidence points to a flat geometry in three dimensions ( the tabletop is 2-dimensional . )
Here people ask , `` but if the universe is expanding what is it expanding into ? '' It turns out that the problem is how we picture the expansion , as a ball or a table growing into the surrounding space . Space grows as it stretches : nothing needs to be `` out there . '' In truth , however , we are limited to only seeing so far out , due to the finiteness of the speed of light .
Our `` horizon '' is roughly 42 billion light-years , the distance light travelled in 13.7 billion years . ( It would have been 13.7 billion light-years if there were no expansion . But the stretching of space gives light a boost and it manages to travel 3 times as far . ) So , there is plenty of space `` out there , '' beyond our horizon : we just keep on expanding and growing into the adjacent regions . ( But see below . )
However , as we go back in time , the ball ( or local regions of the table ) becomes smaller and galaxies squeeze onto one another . Heat intensifies to such a level that all bonds that keep matter together break : no more molecules , atoms , atomic nuclei ; even protons and neutrons get broken down to their constituent quarks . If we keep going back , we quickly reach a time when energies were beyond what we have tested . So , whatever happened between the `` beginning '' and about a trillionth of a second after the bang relies on theoretical speculation .
Here , there are two schools : one says that the beginning happened when the universe transitioned from a timeless quantum fluctuation into the expanding blob we live in . History starts at the bang , so to speak . Another says that we live in a multiverse , a possibly infinite assembly of all kinds of disconnected universes , with different properties . Ours would be but one of these . In this case , the universe , big bang and all , would be a tiny piece of a timeless cosmic entity . This is where science meets the poetic imagination . And the best part is that it may be true . If only we could test it one day .
You can keep up with more of what Marcelo is thinking on Facebook .
WikiLeaks released more of John Podesta ‘ s hack emails on Saturday , one thread revealing the plans the Hillary Clinton campaign made to challenge the account of one of her husband 's rape accusers .
Throughout the 2016 election , Donald Trump has made efforts to attack his political rival by invoking the sexual abuse allegations leveled against her husband , former president Bill Clinton . One of the accusers , Juanita Broaddrick , has repeatedly spoken against the Clintons as well , stating that the former Secretary of State enabled her husband and helped cover his tracks .
According to an email thread dating back to January 7 , Clinton attorney David Kendall talked with Podesta about how the campaign should address Broaddrick if she becomes part of the election conversation .
As the discussion went on , Kendall brought up documents from the harassment lawsuit Paula Jones filed against Clinton . It was during this lawsuit that Broaddrick offered an affidavit saying she had no information pertaining to “ non-consensual or unwelcome sexual advance by Mr. Clinton . ”
After bringing up other interviews and documents from Ken Starr ‘ s investigation , Kendall asked Podesta about whether the campaign should make these documents public .
“ Starr was seeking more evidence against the President , any way he could , and he immunized Broaddrick to protect her from any prosecution for perjury if she now changed her story , ” Kendall explained . “ Please let me know if there 's anything else I can provide about this slimefest . ”
Broaddrick went on to accuse Clinton of rape after Starr granted her immunity from perjury if she would testify against the former president .
The email 's release comes shortly after Trump had Broaddrick accompany him for his second debate against Hillary Clinton . In a precursor event , Broaddrick and other fellow accusers brought up their claims in order to act as character witnesses against the Clintons .
[ Image via screengrab ]
— —
> > Follow Ken Meyer ( @ KenMeyer91 ) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know ? tips @ mediaite.com
General elections were held in Ecuador on 19 February 2017 alongside a referendum on tax havens . [ 1 ] Voters elected a new President and National Assembly . Incumbent President Rafael Correa of the PAIS Alliance was not eligible for re-election , having served two terms . In the first round of the presidential elections , PAIS Alliance candidate Lenín Moreno received 39 % of the vote . Although he was more than 10 % ahead of his nearest rival , Guillermo Lasso of the Creating Opportunities party , Moreno was just short of the 40 % threshold required to avoid a run-off . As a result , a second round was held on 2 April . [ 2 ] In the second round Moreno was elected President with 51.16 % of the vote . [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Background [ edit ]
Following nearly a decade of political volatility in Ecuador that was characterized by impeachments , economic crises , and public unrest , [ 5 ] Raphael Correa , the nation 's previous president , began his ascendance to power . During his 2006 campaign Correa established the PAIS Alliance , a coalition of leftist organizations that is the same party of current president Lenin Moreno . Lenin Moreno previously served as Correa 's vice president . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ]
Throughout his campaign and during his presidency Correa mobilized populist rhetoric to gain support , framing himself in opposition to the former political elite and current economic elite : Correa used the terms “ neoliberal night ” ( “ noche neoliberal ” ) and “ partyarchy ” ( “ partidocracia ” ) to refer to those groups , respectively , and characterized his own movement as a “ citizen 's revolution ” ( La revolucion ciudadana ) . [ 9 ] [ 10 ] Correa 's success was part of a larger wave of leftist movements in Latin American that began around the turn of century , frequently referred to as the “ pink tide. ” Other countries that elected left-leaning presidents in the early 2000s include Argentina ( Néstor Kirchner ) , Venezuela ( Hugo Chávez ) , and Brazil ( Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva ) , among others . [ 10 ] [ 11 ]
One of the most significant events that took place during Correa 's time in office was the ratification of a new constitution in 2008 . [ 5 ] Correa advocated for the new constitution and his supporters welcomed it , citing a focus on civil rights and social programs for the impoverished . [ 12 ] [ 13 ] However , the constitution was also met with much opposition , as its detractors feared that the document would give too much economic authority to the executive and initially believed its elimination of term limits would benefit Correa himself , although a provision on the amendment assured the law would not be put into action until after his presidency had ended . [ 10 ]
Guillermo Lasso , a former banker , initially ran for president in 2013 , but lost to Correa by more than 30 % of the vote in the first round . [ 14 ] In both his first and second bids for president , Lasso was aligned with the Creating Opportunities Party ( Creando Oportunidades ) , a conservative-leaning party that formed in 2012 and focused on celebrating the market , eliminating taxes , as well as advocating for an independent judiciary and free speech . [ 15 ] [ 16 ]
With Correa ineligible for re-election , his supporters formed an organisation Rafael Contigo Siempre ( Always with you Rafael ) to campaign for a constitutional amendment to allow him to run again . [ 17 ] With signatures from 8 % of the electorate required to hold a referendum ( 929,062 ) , a total of 1.2 million were collected . [ 18 ] However , Correa stated that he was planning on retiring from politics and would not run again . [ 19 ] Instead , on 2 October 2016 the PAIS Alliance nominated Lenín Moreno , Correa 's vice president from 2007 to 2013 , as its candidate , with incumbent vice president Jorge Glas as his running mate . [ 20 ] Moreno was challenged by Guillermo Lasso , a former banker . [ 21 ]
Campaign [ edit ]
A central issue in the presidential election was corruption ; scandals in the Petroecuador state oil company and Odebrecht cases led to demands that candidates develop substantive plans to deal with corruption . Moreno proposed an anti-corruption law , while Lasso proposed a Truth Commission , which would be created with assistance from the United Nations . [ 22 ]
The two main candidates had very different visions for the country ; Moreno 's policy ideas were fairly similar to Correa 's , while Lasso said he wanted to attack corruption and lower taxes . [ 21 ]
Lasso said before the elections that he would not allow Julian Assange to continue living in the Ecuadorian embassy in London . [ 23 ]
Electoral system [ edit ]
The President was elected using a modified two-round system , with a candidate required to get over 50 % of the vote , or get over 40 % of the vote and be 10 % ahead of their nearest rival to be elected in the first round . [ 24 ] The President is limited to two consecutive four-year terms . [ 25 ]
The 137 members of the National Assembly were elected by three methods : 15 were elected from a nationwide constituency , 116 were elected in 31 districts ( 21 corresponding to the 21 smallest provinces and 10 within the 3 largest provinces , range 2-6 seats per district ) , and six elected from three two-member constituencies representing Ecuadorians living overseas . Elections are by open list proportional representation ( every voter can vote for as many candidates as there are seats to be awarded ) , with the 15 seats national seats allocated using the Webster method and the rest using the d'Hondt method . [ 26 ] Voting was compulsory except for voters aged 16–18 or over 65 and people classed as illiterate . [ 27 ] Members of the National Assembly are limited to two four-year terms , either consecutive or not . There are gender quotas for the party lists , meaning there is alternation between men and women . There are no quotas for minority representation . [ 25 ]
Parties have to receive at least 5 % of the vote in national elections in order to maintain their legal registration . [ 28 ]
Opinion polls [ edit ]
Second round [ edit ]
First round [ edit ]
Results [ edit ]
President [ edit ]
The first-round count was delayed for four days , far longer than usual , raising suspicions from the Lasso camp . In past years , the first-round results were known on election day . Election officials blamed the delays on `` numerical inconsistencies '' in some ballots . Moreno maintained a consistent lead throughout the count . However , by the fourth day of counting , it was no longer mathematically possible for him to win an outright victory—setting the stage for the runoff . [ 2 ]
A recount would have taken weeks and Lenin Moreno ( usually referred to as just “ Lenin ” ) challenged all the allegations of fraud . President Correa said that `` the moral fraud committed by the right will not go unpunished . '' Moreno said he will represent those who voted and those who did n't , tweeting `` Long live Ecuador ! Welcome fighters of peace and of life ” along with a picture of him immediately after winning the election . His opponent Lasso , however , encouraged the people to peacefully protest the election results . He tweeted : `` Let 's act in a peaceful but firm manner , we must go to the streets and say 'do n't steal my vote ' because we want a change in Ecuador . `` [ 29 ]
The National Electoral Council announced on 13 April that it would recount all ballots contested by both parties , accounting to about 10 % of the total vote . [ 30 ] Moreno also led the vote after recount of some of the votes , increasing the number of votes obtained by 1,594 . [ 31 ]
Lenín Moreno Guillermo Lasso Map of results of the first round by provinces
National Assembly [ edit ]
The National Assembly makes up the legislative branch of Ecuadorean government . These elected officials have the power to pass laws , while judges of the national court of justice are chosen by a separate judicial council . [ 32 ]
See also [ edit ]
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has made Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe an official ‘ Goodwill Ambassador ' just a month after he vowed that the killers of white farmers in his country would never be prosecuted .
The 93-year-old tyrant has been tasked by the United Nations agency — at least nominally — with helping to tackle non-communicable diseases , the BBC reports .
WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus — an Ethiopian national and the agency 's first African leader — told a conference in Uruguay that he was “ honoured to be joined by President Mugabe of Zimbabwe , a country that places universal health coverage and health promotion at the centre of its policies to provide healthcare to all . ”
The global bureaucrat 's glowing praise drew scorn from Human Rights Watch , with chief executive Kenneth Roth pointing out that “ Mugabe 's corruption [ and ] his utter mismanagement of the economy has devastated health services ” in Zimbabwe .
“ Indeed , you know , Mugabe himself travels abroad for his health care . He 's been to Singapore three times this year already . ”
Robert Mugabe says that the killers of Zimbabwe 's white farmers will not be prosecuted https : //t.co/FXjUJLuI2m pic.twitter.com/mhUA8Z4nN8 — Newsweek UK ( @ NewsweekUK ) August 16 , 2017
Margot Parker MEP , UKIP Deputy Leader and International Development spokesman , spoke out to criticise the appointment Saturday morning , telling Breitbart London : “ This is an appalling choice . Mugabe destroyed his own health services , and his human rights record is abysmal .
“ The UN and its agencies make a mockery of their charter — We should put as much pressure to bear upon the UN over these decisions as possible , both diplomatic and , if necessary , financial . ”
The move comes just one month after the ageing Marxist vowed that people who murdered white farmers during mass land confiscations in the 2000s would never be prosecuted .
“ Yes , we have those who were killed when they resisted . We will never prosecute those who killed them . I ask , why should we arrest them ? ” he sneered .
Mugabe is a Marxist tyrant and a racist butcher . Would be a big win for @ realDonaldTrump if he defunded the @ WHO like he did @ UNESCO . https : //t.co/CJwJFL5Hlc — Jack Montgomery ن ( @ JackBMontgomery ) October 21 , 2017
Mugabe ascended to power in 1980 amid widespread accusations of voter intimidation in the country 's first elections under universal suffrage .
These elections followed a long terror campaign initiated in 1964 by guerrillas armed , trained , and financed by the Soviet Union and the People 's Republic of China , against the governments of first Rhodesia and then Zimbabwe-Rhodesia , Zimbabwe 's predecessor states .
Unlike South Africa , Rhodesia was not an apartheid state , with the franchise being based on certain education , income , and property qualifications — as was the case in the country 's parent country , the United Kingdom , until 1918 for men and 1928 for women .
While most of the country 's wealth and property were concentrated in the hands of the white minority , who made up the vast bulk of the country 's electorate as a result , black Rhodesians were not entirely excluded from the life of the country .
In fact , by 1979 they actually comprised a majority of the soldiers fighting against Mugabe 's Maoist Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army ( ZANLA ) and rival nationalist Joshua Nkomo 's Marxist-Leninist Zimbabwe People 's Revolutionary Army ( ZIPRA ) .
Pressured to accept a one person , one vote system by Britain and the international community in the 1960s , the Rhodesian government pointed to support from hundreds of tribal chiefs and headmen .
The Tory and Labour governments of the day dismissed these traditional leaders as placemen , leading to angry exchanges in which the chiefs accused the terrorists of winning support among the black youth by taking them to be brainwashed in Marxist training camps abroad , and burning uncooperative black families in their kraals .
The chiefs also challenged Prime Minister Harold Wilson 's foreign secretary to let them “ call out our impis ” to demonstrate they did have support in the wider black community .
Ultimately , the Rhodesian government issued a Unilateral Declaration of Independence from Britain in order to maintain the old system , but were brought to the negotiating table after 15 years of guerrilla warfare and diplomatic isolation by the international community .
Attempts to seek a compromise in which black representation would be increased as their contribution to the tax take increased were unsuccessful , as were attempts to reconfigure Rhodesia as Zimbabwe-Rhodesia , under black leadership but with Mugabe 's party excluded from elections and the largely white administration left intact .
White South Africans fear for their future as campaign of savage farm murders claims yet another elderly victim . https : //t.co/4O9aT5f750 — Jack Montgomery ن ( @ JackBMontgomery ) October 14 , 2017
Mugabe did not immediately target the white minority , which was supposed to be protected by Britain under the Lancaster House Agreement , following the transition — preferring to concentrate on crushing the Ndebele people in Matabeleland instead .
The Ndebeles were seen as rivals to Mugabe 's own Shona tribe , and tens of thousands were killed or herded into re-education camps by his elite Fifth Brigade , which was trained and led by North Korean officers .
When Mugabe did finally move against Zimbabwe 's white farmers , the result the near-total collapse of agricultural production in the country once regarded as the “ Breadbasket of Africa ” — followed by an economic depression which saw the country 's currency destroyed by hyperinflation , with a single U.S. dollar exchanging for 35 quadrillion Zimbabwe dollars by 2015 .
Many white Zimbabweans ended up fleeing to neighbouring South Africa , although the future of that country 's besieged white farmers and impoverished white working class also looks increasingly in doubt .
Follow Jack Montgomery on Twitter : @ JackBMontgomery
This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines . It is only visible to you . If you believe your item has been removed by mistake , please contact Steam Support
This item is incompatible with Dungeons of Dredmor . Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within Dungeons of Dredmor .
Current visibility : Hidden This item will only be visible to you , admins , and anyone marked as a creator .
Current visibility : Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you , your friends , and admins .
Not enough ratings Comical Collection
Description Discussions Comments Change Notes
Created by ＳＴＯＰ ＩＴ
Last Online Vampyre
Last Online 44 hrs , 2 mins ago FishCakes
Last Online 1 hrs , 4 mins ago rafaStr
Last Online 9 mins ago See all 5 collections ( some may be hidden ) 2,925 Unique Visitors 593 Current Subscribers 20 Current Favorites
The following post on photographing the night sky is by jgomez65 – one of dPS 's forum members .
Several people asked me to post a simple tutorial on how I took some night sky pictures . I am not an astrophotographer in any way , shape or form , nor do I have any expensive equipment . I simply read several tutorials , picked a dark spot on the beach and tried to do my best .
Anyway , here is how I did it .
1 . What you need :
You need a camera that has manual exposure mode . Most SRL camera come with a feature called Bulb which does exactly that .
You will also need a remote control or a shutter release cable in order to minimize shaking the camera when taking the pictures .
You will definitely need a tripod
2 . Selecting the spot to take your picture
The darker the place , the better it is . Taking stars pictures in your back yard is possible , however for better results select a place away from city lights . Those lights tend to pollute the image and make the stars less visible .
3 . Camera settings
First , try to use a lens with a large aperture . In my case I used a Sigma 28 mm lens at f/3.5
Next , set your camera at a high ISO . I tried with both 1,600 and 800 ISO and I got good results .
Finally , in order to avoid the star trail ( that is avoiding capturing the movement of the stars as the earth rotates ) you have to use the RULE of 600 which is very easy :
Divide 600 by the focal length of the lens you are using . In my case I divided 600/28 = 21.42 ( I can leave the shutter open for 21 seconds and avoid capturing the star trail )
Finally , put your lens in manual focusing and turn it to infinity focus ( that would be the symbol at the end of the numbers on your lens )
4 . Taking the pictures
Set the camera in your tripod and take at least 5 consecutive images at the stars using the correct exposure time ( using the RULE of 600 ) Do not move the camera to a different spot or change the settings unless you are done with that series of pictures .
Tip : Every time I am done with a set of pictures , I place my hand in front of the lens and take another picture . That way I know that the picture where everything is black is where the series end .
5 . Editing the images
Do n't be disappointed if you do n't see any color in your images . This is normal . You will need to bring the colors up in PS or any other editing software .
The first step is to stack the images . That is to superimpose one image on top of the others ( not all the images , but pictures belonging to the same series ) . You can do this with a free software called Deep Sky Stacker . Just use the default settings on the software .
The final image will be a large TIF file that you will use to bring up the colors in Photoshop .
Next open your TIF file in Photoshop and edit the curves and levels . You can follow this easy tutorial on this video :
I also edited the blue , red and green colors in the level in order to make the nebula more visible .
That 's it .
Here is the original image and the final result :
Original Image :
Final Image :
THE last recorded attempt at travelling the full length of the Basingstoke Canal will form part of a new exhibition .
Alex Harmsworth took a narrowboat called Basingstoke as far as Old Basing in 1913 , where the canal ran out of water .
Pictures from the trip will form part of a new exhibition on the Basingstoke Canal at Milestones Museum , in Basingstoke this year .
The exhibition has been created by members of the Basingstoke Canal Society , a group of volunteers who help to maintain the 32-mile-long waterway .
The canal runs from Byfleet , in Surrey , to Greywell , near Odiham , but in the past it went all the way to where the bus station is in Festival Place .
Roger Cansdale , a Basingstoke Canal Society member , said Mr Harmsworth started his journey on November 16 , 1913 , to prevent the route from being officially abandoned .
Mr Harmsworth set off from Ash Vale in Surrey , carrying five tons of sand to deliver to Basingstoke firm Wallis and Steevens , but progress slowed once he got past the Greywell Tunnel .
Mr Cansdale said : “ It would have been tough going . They got as far as Penney Bridge at Up Nately , where the canal stops now , and then they would have had to remove the stop planks to flood the next section of the canal . ”
But eventually the canal water ran out at Old Basing and the boat was left stranded until January , when heavy rain meant it could return to Ash Vale .
Mr Harmsworth bought the canal in 1923 and ran it until his death in 1947 . The construction of the M3 in the 1960s made travelling along the full length of the canal impossible .
Recently video copilot released a free set of high-definition professional grade 3D models ( which you can download for yourself from here ) . This model pack , which is over 400MB big ) contains highly detailed model with a number of very high-quality textures . In this short article , I 'll show you the workflow of converting these models into a format more easy to use in Three.js , and show you how you can render these in your browser . If you 're impatient you can view the result here : http : //www.smartjava.org/examples/threejs-starwars/src/html/
In this short article we 'll take the following steps :
Use blender to explore the provided materials and textures . Resize and convert the texture files to a more manageable format . Shrink the model . Use Three.js to render the final model .
I 'm using Blender for the conversion and some testing , but you can use other tools as well . An advantage , though , of using Blender together with Three.js , is that you can use the Three.js Blender plugin , to export models in a format easily readable by Three.js . In this case , however , we 'll just use the obj format , which is also supported by three.js .
Once you 've downloaded the models , extract them somewhere and startup Blender . Remove the standard cube in the middle and use file- > Import
Navigate to the directory where you extraced the models and select the one you want to load . For this short tutorial , I 've used the R2D2 model . After the model is loaded you might need to zoom ut a bit to see the real model :
Already looks cool , right ? It 's a relatively low-poly model , which uses textures to create the renders . We however , need to take a couple of steps to 'fix ' the model in Blender . When you import the model , and try to render it for the first time , or use material or texture viewport shading , you wo n't see a detailled R2D2 model , but just a gray one :
So , there seems to be something wrong with the materials . What the problem is , is that the image files are n't correctly mapped in the obj files ( I assume they are in the Element 3D file format , but I do n't have After Effects or Element 3D , so ca n't check ) . So we need to do some fixing . The advantage is that the UV mapping , luckily , is present for this model :
Now , we can just add the diffuse map , and we should see a correctly rendered model ( also make sure you set the lights correctly , or else you 'll get a completely black model ) . Select one of the components of the model ( e.g the left foot ) , and in the material tab you 'll see a texture named R2D2.001 .
Select that one , and then select the texture tab . Create a new texture , here and assign the R2D2_Diffuse.dds from the Maps directory . This 'll result in the following texture definition :
And if you now look at our R2D2 model , you 'll see that we 've got an already nicely rendered model .
Note that the images are very large 23MB per image , but we 'll look later at how to shrink those . If you look into the directory you 'll notice a couple of other image files :
R2D2_Diffuse.dds : The diffuse map contains the colors and texture for the various parts of the model . This is what makes the model look like an actual R2D2 when rendered .
R2D2_Normal.dds : This is a bump map ( name is a bit confusing , since it does n't seem to be a real normal map ) . When you apply this map , you can add bumps and depth to the model . The gray value defines the height of the bump .
R2D2_Illumination.dds : This map defines the part of the model that emit light in a specific color . This provides R2D2 with it 's a red sensor and shows some additional parts of the model that output light .
R2D2_Reflection.dds : This map seems to add some additional detail and color to the model . It does n't seem to contain actual reflections , but it does provide some better coloring after applying .
R2D2_Specular.dds : And this maps finally defines the shininess of your model .
And when you apply them , you 'll get a model that looks something like this ( quick render , without any material optimization ) :
When you apply them all , and render the model , it looks quite nice . But this is +100MB worth of textures , so that might be a bit much if we want to use this model and textures from Three.js in our browser . Before we look at the Three.js part ,
First we 'll use ImageMagick to convert the dds files to PNGs .
# and to the others as well $ convert -define png : compression-filter=2 -define png : compression-level=9 -define png : compression-strategy=1 R2D2_Reflection.DDS R2D2_Reflection.png $ ls -l R2 * -rwxr-xr-x @ 1 jos staff 22369776 May 4 18:25 R2D2_Diffuse.dds -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 17350674 May 5 13:58 R2D2_Diffuse.png -rwxr-xr-x @ 1 jos staff 22369776 May 4 18:25 R2D2_Illumination.DDS -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 327877 May 5 13:24 R2D2_Illumination.png -rwxr-xr-x @ 1 jos staff 22369776 May 4 18:25 R2D2_Normal.DDS -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 14249444 May 5 14:00 R2D2_Normal.png -rwxr-xr-x @ 1 jos staff 22369776 May 4 18:25 R2D2_Reflection.DDS -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 13336562 May 5 13:57 R2D2_Reflection.png -rwxr-xr-x @ 1 jos staff 22369776 May 4 18:25 R2D2_Specular.DDS -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 18223665 May 5 14:00 R2D2_Specular.png
As you can see , some of the images shrink a lot , other a whole lot less . The main reason they take up so much space is because the images are rather big :
$ identify R2D2_Diffuse.png R2D2_Diffuse.png PNG 4096x4096 4096x4096+0+0 8-bit sRGB 18.63MB 0.010u 0:00.000
While this is nice , if you want to make realistic looking renders , but it is a bit overkill for when we want to render these models using Three.js . So let 's also convert them to some smaller texture sizes ( 1024x1024 ) :
$ for file in R2D2 * .png do convert -resize 25 % `` $ file '' `` $ ( basename `` $ file '' .png ) -small.png '' done $ ls -l R2 * -small.png -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 1771310 May 5 14:07 R2D2_Diffuse-small.png -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 47188 May 5 14:07 R2D2_Illumination-small.png -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 1190588 May 5 14:08 R2D2_Normal-small.png -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 1560293 May 5 14:08 R2D2_Reflection-small.png -rw-r -- r -- 1 jos staff 1650999 May 5 14:08 R2D2_Specular-small.png
Now , that looks a lot nicer . Instead of 110MB of textures , we have +/- 6MB of textures . This of course will affect how our model looks . If we rerender the model using the same settings with these textures instead of the HQ ones , we get the following render :
As you can see , still looks very nice . As long as you do n't zoom into too much , that is . At this point , we 've got a set of smaller textures , so the next
We were able to drastically scale down the size of the textures . We , however , still have the large model we need to load , which comes in at a 4.5MB . While , not being really that large , it is still rather large . To solve this we can reduce the number of vertices , which will also make rendering quicker , or compress the obj file . While testing with the original number of vertices , there did n't seem to be any stuttering or other issues , so let 's keep the number of vertices as they are . The easiest way to make the download quicker is by just enabling gzip support on your server :
# for example the normal and gzipped sizes : -rwxr-xr-x 1 jos staff 4513121 May 4 18:25 R2D2_Standing.obj -rwxr-xr-x 1 jos staff 987858 May 4 18:25 R2D2_Standing.obj.gz
If you do n't want to do that , you might look into some of the javascript based gunzip libraries to decompress a gzipped file yourself . So to limit the size , we 'll just assume we have a webserver which returns gzipped data .
Now what do you need to do , to get this running in Three.js . First off you can find a simple running example here : Three.js rendering of R2D2 . You can use the mouse controls to orbit around R2D2 .
Since you can see the complete sources in the example , I wo n't show the complete sources , but only the interesting parts : how to load the model , setup the lights , and move the head around a bit .
The first thing we need to do is load the model . Three.js already provides an importer for obj files , so we 'll just use that one . Let 's first look at the code :
var obj ; var head ; var frontP ; function loadModel ( ) { var textLoader = new THREE.TextureLoader ( ) ; var diffuseTexture = textLoader.load ( `` .. /resources/R2D2_Diffuse-Reflection-Combined-small.png '' ) ; var bumpTexture = textLoader.load ( `` .. /resources/R2D2_Normal-small.png '' ) ; var emissiveTexture = textLoader.load ( `` .. /resources/R2D2_Illumination-small.png '' ) ; var specularTexture = textLoader.load ( `` .. /resources/R2D2_Specular-small.png '' ) ; var loader = new THREE.OBJLoader ( ) ; loader.load ( `` .. /resources/R2D2_Standing.obj '' , function ( model ) { model.children.forEach ( function ( child ) { var material = child.material ; // basic texture material.map = diffuseTexture ; // bumps material.bumpMap = bumpTexture ; material.bumpScale = 0.3 ; // glow material.emissive = new THREE.Color ( 0xffffff ) ; material.emissiveMap = emissiveTexture ; // specular material.specularMap = specularTexture ; // enable shadows child.receiveShadow = true ; child.castShadow = true ; if ( child.name === `` Head '' ) head = child ; if ( child.name === `` Front_Projector '' ) frontP = child ; } ) ; model.scale.x = 0.15 ; model.scale.y = 0.15 ; model.scale.z = 0.15 ; model.position.y = -10 ; obj = model ; scene.add ( obj ) ; } ) }
If you 've already done some Three.js development , this does n't look that special . We create a number of textures , and after loading the obj model we assign the textures to all the children ( the R2D2 model is divided into separate parts ) . Note that we also assign the head and the Front_Projector childs to separate objects . We do this so we can animate them later on . The interesting part from this code is in creating the textures . When you use the THREE.OBJLoader you get THREE.MeshPongMaterial materials . This material can be configured for a number of textures , which we use like this :
map : This is the default texture map . We assign the diffuse map to this material .
: This is the default texture map . We assign the map to this material . bumpMap : This allows us to define the bumps of our model . In our textures we have the Normal map ( which , as we 've seen is really a bump map ) , and we 'll assign that one .
: This allows us to define the bumps of our model . In our textures we have the map ( which , as we 've seen is really a bump map ) , and we 'll assign that one . emissiveMap : Three.js also provides an emissive map , so we just assign the provided one here .
: Three.js also provides an emissive map , so we just assign the provided one here . specularMap : And the final map we need to assign is the provided specular map . Three.js provides one for that as well .
If you 've kept track , you might have notices that we did n't mention the provided reflection map ( which is n't a real reflection map , as we 've seen ) . Three.js provides an envMap which we could use for reflections , but that serves a bit of a different purpose ( cubeMap env example ) . So what we did was , we combined the provided Diffuse and Reflection map together using Gimp .
The result looks like this :
Which was created using the following layer settings :
Now that we 've loaded the textures and the model , we can start with the lights . For this simple setup we add three lights . One to the left of the camera , one behind the camera and one to front ( basic three light setup : https : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-point_lighting ) :
// position and point the camera to the center of the scene camera.position.x = 0 ; camera.position.y = 20 ; camera.position.z = 30 ; // add some lights var spotLight1 = new THREE.SpotLight ( 0xffffff , 0.3 , 0 , Math.PI/4 ) ; spotLight1.position.set ( -20 , 20 , 5 ) ; scene.add ( spotLight1 ) ; var spotLight2 = new THREE.SpotLight ( 0xffffff , 0.6 , 0 , Math.PI/4 ) ; spotLight2.position.set ( -5 , 30 , 30 ) ; spotLight2.castShadow = true ; // tightly wrap shadow around object spotLight2.shadow = new THREE.LightShadow ( new THREE.PerspectiveCamera ( 30 , 1 , 10 , 50 ) ) ; scene.add ( spotLight2 ) ; var spotLight3 = new THREE.SpotLight ( 0xffffff , 0.3 , 0 , Math.Pi/4 ) ; spotLight3.position.set ( 20 , 20 , -10 ) ; scene.add ( spotLight3 ) ;
As you can see we allow the second spotlight to cast a shadow , which we wrap tightly around the object , to get nice looking shadows .
And the last part is a little bit of animation . We just rotate the two parts that make up the head around by updating the values in our render loop :
var rotMax = 0.5 * Math.PI ; var rotMin = -0.5 * Math.PI ; var direction = 1 ; function render ( ) { // render using requestAnimationFrame requestAnimationFrame ( render ) ; renderer.render ( scene , camera ) ; if ( head ) { var rotationY = ( 0.01 * direction ) ; head.rotation.y += rotationY ; frontP.rotation.y += rotationY ; if ( head.rotation.y > rotMax ) direction = -1 ; if ( head.rotation.y < rotMin ) direction = 1 ; } }
And that 's it .
As you 've seen , it is n't that hard to get the models we initially downloaded to render in Three.js . I 'm used to first exploring the models and textures using Blender to see what I 've got , and look whether the textures are useful , the UV mapping is setup correctly and whether we might need to simply the model .
So basically what we did was :
Analyse the model and materials in Blender
Shrink and combine the textures using ImageMagick and Gimp
Use the simplified textures in Three.js
I 'm going to process the other models as well , and post them as demo linked from here .
I came across a short TED talk by Martin Rees called Can we prevent the end of the World ? . This lead me to another related talk by Martin Rees – which I 've included below – called Is this our final century ? . In case you do n't know , Martin Rees is the Astronomer Royal , a past president of the Royal Society , and he was the Master of Trinity College Cambridge .
I do n't actually know Martin Rees , but we did nod at each other in a toilet in Cambridge a few years ago , so I guess we 've met ( well , okay , that 's a bit of a stretch 🙂 ) . I also attended a conference dinner in Trinity College at about the same time , and even though Martin Rees was n't involved in the meeting , he had apparently told the staff that they were not to complain about the fact that we were all unlikely to satisfy the dress code .
Although Martin Rees 's TED talks were n't about climate change specifically , they were about some existential threats that we may face in the coming century . He seemed perfectly comfortable including greenhouse warming as being unprecedented and hence , I assume , a possible existential threat . He also argued that scientists should speak out , and that it was obvious that we should do what we can to minimise the risks associated with these existential threats . It all seemed obvious to me and yet it seems that this type of rhetoric is very difficult when it comes to climate change specifically .
Why ? Well I think there are a vocal group of people who essentially apply a subtle ( or not so subtle ) form of blackmail . If you mention the possibility that the impact of climate change could be catastrophic , then you 're labelled an alarmist . Hence there 's a tendency to avoid this and , consequently , pointing out that surely we should do what we can to minimise the more extreme risks , ca n't really be mentioned either . Also , we 're constantly told that scientists should n't speak out , or else they 'll illustrate that they 're no longer being objective and therefore ca n't be trusted .
I think this is all rather silly . It seems clear that there are potentially severe risks associated with climate change . It seems obvious that we should minimise the possibility of the more extreme scenarios . It also seems obvious that scientists should be free to speak out if their research indicates that we could face severe risks . What 's the point of paying scientists , and funding their research , if they are n't free to speak out about the implications of what their research is suggesting ?
I want to stress a couple of things , though . I 'm not suggesting that climate change will be catastrophic , simply that the evidence suggests that this possibility exists . Ignoring this seems extremely short-sighted . Additionally , there may well be some existential threats that we would n't choose to highlight – as there may be nothing we can do about them , and we may not know enough to have any real idea of how likely they are to occur in the next few centuries . This is n't the case for climate change . We have complete control over climate change . It is us . Essentially , the only way that climate change could pose an existential threat is if we choose to do nothing about it . So , climate change is n't by itself alarming . What 's alarming is the possibility that we 'll ignore the risks , do nothing , follow some kind of high emission pathway , and discover that climate sensitivity is n't low .
Anyway , I really just found it interesting that a senior , high-profile scientist can give a TED talk about existential threats , how it 's obvious that we should avoid the high risk scenarios if possible , and also suggests that scientists should speak out , and noone seems to have made much of a fuss . Try doing this for climate change specifically and I think there 'd be an outcry . Of course , even this post will probably produce cries of alarmist , alarmist because the title is Our last century ? ( ignoring the question mark and that it 's after one of Martin Rees 's talk titles ) and because I 've deigned to even mention the possibility of climate change being catastrophic . So , just to stress it again : I 'm not suggesting that climate change is catastrophic , simply that there is a possible scenario under which it could be catastrophic . Furthermore , as William Connolley has pointed out before if you ca n't imagine anything between “ catastrophic ” and “ nothing to worry about ” then you 're not thinking .
Advertisements
Honourable Mention - Holy Motors
Cult films are movies that have a dedicated , passionate following . Originally , the term was coined to describe the following of midnight movies , such as The Rocky Horror Picture Show , in the 1970 's . Since then the term has grown and now cult film is its own established sub-genre . They are often marketed as cult objects - occasionally films are made with the idea that they will become cult hits in the future . This sort of film can be kept alive after failing at the box-office thanks to its fans and their efforts to ensure that it does not get forgotten by quoting it , holding special screenings and engaging in other types of audience participation including things like cosplay . A film can be labelled a cult movie for many reasons . The aforementioned box-office failure is one , along with the presence of a certain actor , themes or stylistic devices . They are often transgressive and push the boundaries of what is acceptable to show on film at the time . Everybody likes something a bit weird , do n't they ? If a film is a little strange or goes against the grain then it will inevitably pique the interest of whoever is watching it . Hollywood blockbusters rarely do this and so audiences instead turn to marginalised films for that experience . Cult films are more than happy to help in this regard and some , like the films on this list , are very weird indeed.Leo Carax 's Holy Motors is one of the strangest films of recent years . It was an art-house hit when it came out in 2012 and a lot of praise was given to the performances and the film 's lush visual style . Narratively , the film is bizarre , to say the least . It is ostensibly about a man named Oscar who 's something akin to an actor who inhabits many different roles . Except there are no cameras to capture his performances . Holy Motors is very experimental and does n't give away it 's meaning to the audience willingly and certain scenes ( like the accordion interlude ) come completely out of nowhere ( yet never seem out of place ) . With appearances from talking limousines , chimpanzees and Eva Mendes the film is certainly never dull . Although its cult status so soon after release is uncertain - check back in a couple of years .
When it comes to learning scales on the guitar , there 's certainly no shortage with so many to learn , so which ones do musician 's actually use and incorporate into their playing that will make you a better jazz guitarist ?
Well there 's no shortcut for knowing the major scale , it 's the most important scale for any musician to learn because countless scales , modes , and shapes are derived from it , and it 's essential that a thorough knowledge of this scale is established before working through this lesson .
This article will investigate the four common bebop scales and how you can incorporate them into your guitar playing by creating bebop lines from them to use in improvisation .
Why use bebop scales ? Using modes and major scales for playing over changes is great and you need to be able to do it , but bebop scales give us some extra flavour that can be used to embellish the fundamental scales .
For example if you used a major scale to improvise over a major chord only notes within that chord harmony are produced which is great but bebop scales allow use add some extra notes that are not diatonic within the scale which will be explored .
For each of the three main chord types ( major , minor and dominant ) there is a bebop scale that can be used to achieve some of these crunchier sounds .
Bebop scales are 8 note scales so they fit the 4/4 time signature very well because when a bebop scale is played in eighth notes each chord tone lands on a downbeat , and the non-diatonic notes land on an upbeat that creates tension and resolution .
Major Bebop Scale
The major bebop scale is just a regular C major scale but with an added b6th or # 5th used a passing note to add crunch .
Major Bebop Scale Formula : R , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , b6 , 6 , 7
Major Bebop Scale in C : C , D , E , F , G , Ab , A , B , C .
The major bebop scale can be used over any major 7th chord so 6 , 6/9 , major 9 , major 7 and the many variations .
Below is a practical fingering for a two octave major bebop scale and a lick that uses the major bebop scale lick which you can apply to tunes that you are working on . Click the play button below each example to hear how it sounds .
Once you have the major bebop scale under your fingers start to create lines using it . Here is a Bill Evans style lick that uses the major bebop scale , note how the b6 bebop note is used in passing chromatically here on the and of beat 4 .
major bebop lick
Minor Bebop Scale
There are two minor bebop scales that jazz musicians use , the first one has the same notes as a Dorian mode but with an added major 3rd
Minor Bebop Scale Formula : R , 2 , -3 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , b7
Minor Bebop Scale in the C : C , D , Eb , E , F , G , A , Bb
This is a great bebop scale , but it 's worth noting that in a II-V-I this will just give you the same notes as the dominant 7th bebop scale .
D-7 Bebop Scale = D , E , F , F # , G , A , B , C
G7 Bebop Scale = G , A , B , C , D , E , F , F # , G
This minor bebop scale can be used to play over minor 7th chords and its various chord types such as minor 7th , minor 6 , minor 9 , minor 11 , etc . Check out the example below for a two octave fingering of this scale
The second minor bebop scale has no major 3rd but has a raised 7th as well as a flattened 7th , so it is like a melodic minor scale with one extra note , the flattened 7th .
Minor Bebop Scale 2 Formula : R , 2 , b3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , b7 , # 7
Minor Bebop Scale in the key of C : C , D , Eb , F , G , A , Bb , B
Here is an efficient two octave fingers that you can use for this scale followed by a cool II-V-I lick using this scale .
Check out this cool lick that used the minor bebop scale . Note the use of the b9 which is a very common over dominant 7th chords as it provides effective tension before resolving .
minor bebop scale pattern ii v i
Dominant Bebop Scale
The last bebop scale to look at is the dominant 7th bebop scale . As mentioned earlier it has the same notes as the first minor bebop scale but it can be used effectively in it 's own right .
The dominant bebop scale is a mixolydian scale but with an added major 7th note .
Dominant Bebop Scale Formula : R , 2nd , 3rd , 4th , 5th , 6th , b7th , # 7th
Dominant Bebop Scale in C : C , D , E , F , G , A , Bb , B
Here is a two octave fingering of the dominant bebop scale
There is a very common part that comes from the dominant 7th bebop scale that every jazz guitar should know which is R , # 7 , 7 , 9th , 6th , 4th . The following example shows how the pattern can be used in a II-V-I situation .
Notice by starting this pattern on beat 3 it resolves perfectly into a one chord by landing on the 3rd on the 1st beat .
dominant 7th bebop pattern
This dominant 7th pattern sounds even more effective when combined with the popular Coltrane 1235 patten as seen in the example below . Notice there is a slight variation on the bebop scale pattern here the 4th note has been changed to the root instead of the 9th but both would work well equally well .
1235 with bebop scale
This pattern can also work great just over the V chord like in the following example . Notice the use of another common jazz pattern here , ‘ the honeysuckle rose ' lick is used to start the line in bar 1 .
1235 honeysuckle and coltrane
Remember that all these dominant bebop scale patterns can be applied over minor 7th chords too because they contain the same notes and that each of the licks you learn can be applied over different chords .
Hopefully this lesson has been useful in showing you how to play bebop scales and use them in your jazz guitar playing . Do you have a way of practicing or using bebop scales not discussed in this article ? Share your comments below .
Students told they face jail for lying on their CV BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Fraud prevention officers have sent a new guide to universities warning students they could face jail for telling “ white lies ” on their CVs to make them more impressive . https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/education/students-told-they-face-jail-for-lying-on-their-cv-30405992.html https : //www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/breakingnews/offbeat/article30303900.ece/cbf8e/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews % 20BT_P-91ed4a4a-d0c2-42d8-90ab-9cda72b99892_I1.jpg
Email
Fraud prevention officers have sent a new guide to universities warning students they could face jail for telling “ white lies ” on their CVs to make them more impressive .
Entitled Do n't Finish Your Career Before It Starts , the guide warns that embellishments like inflating grades and inventing extra-curricular activities can be classed as “ fraud by false representation ” and carry a maximum 10-year jail sentence .
It says that cases referred to the fraud prevention service CIFAS stay on file for six years , so applicants might also be flagged up if they attempt to apply for other jobs .
Students are warned : “ Your dream job asks for a 2:1 , but you 've got a 2:2 – so you just make a little change on your CV . You 're worried you do n't have enough work experience – so you pretend your summer of trekking through Nepal was actually spent working at a local solicitor 's firm .
“ After all , no one really checks , right ? It 's just a little white lie , right ? Wrong . It 's fraud . ”
Simon Dukes , chief executive of CIFAS , added : “ Ignorance is n't an excuse if you get caught out ” .
As competition for work intensifies – with an average of 85 students now competing for every graduate job - employment-related fraud has increased . CIFAS figures show 324 people were prosecuted in 2013 for all forms of fraudulent applications , compared with 205 in 2012 .
The guide says one former student was jailed for 12 weeks after lying about his qualifications when applying for a job as a temporary teacher . He claimed to hold a master 's degree but later admitted to buying it online .
The guide also cited the case of a woman jailed for six months for making up references and lying about having two A-levels .
Helen Kempster , consultant for the University of London 's Careers Group , said : “ It can be tempting to tell a ‘ white lie ' but this leaflet makes students aware that there can be serious legal repercussions . ”
Belfast Telegraph Digital
`` Juan Francisco Torres Belén was booked in the 53rd minute for the following reason : Bringing down an opponent while challenging for the ball , '' states the match report written by referee José Antonio Texeira Vitienes at the end of the encounter between Málaga and Atlético on Saturday .
It is not just another card . In this case it means that Juanfran has now amassed five yellow cards and will be unable to play against Barcelona in the final game of the first half of the season . This is a problem for Simeone , given that the Spaniard is one of the pillars of the Atleti defence , which has conceded the least goals in the league so far .
The club does not believe that the foul deserved a card , with the Atleti defender barely touching the Málaga player
Atlético has decided to refer the card to the Competition Commission . The club does not believe that the foul deserved a card , with the Atleti defender barely touching the Málaga player , and is confident that Juanfran will be available for the clash with Gerardo Martino 's men .
In fact , the player himself was convinced of it at the end of the game against Málaga and was the first to request that the booking be rescinded . Playing against Barcelona is one of his goals , as could be seen when he vehemently protested the card . He knew what it meant and it would be a harsh blow for someone as competitive as the Spaniard . He always wants to play , and more so in a game where there is as much at stake as there is against Barça .
It started with a tweet .
Jürgen Kleine-Vehn , a plant scientist based in Austria , had just read about the story of Samira Asgari , one of many Iranian scientists affected by President Trump 's executive order banning citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. On Saturday , Asgari was headed to Boston to start a postdoctoral fellowship on tuberculosis , but was prevented from boarding a plane in Frankfurt . Hundreds , perhaps thousands , of scientists have been similarly affected , as I reported on Sunday .
“ I can not believe what is happening , ” Kleine-Vehn tweeted .
Magnus Nordborg , another Austrian-based plant scientist , replied : “ I think we can host people who are stuck , right ? Preferably in a suitable lab , of course . ”
Others were thinking along similar lines . The Gulbenkian Institute in Portugal had pledged to “ provide what aid we can to scientists trapped by [ the immigration ban ] , ” and the Brain and Spine Institute in Belgium said it was “ ready to welcome all our colleagues who are in France , in Europe , and who need a place of reception during this difficult period . ”
After talking to Nordborg , Maria Leptin , the director of the European Molecular Biology Organization , decided to collate the offers of help . “ I felt that words are one thing , but we need deeds , ” she says . “ I thought : Let 's get people together and do it in a big way. ” And EMBO was the perfect organization for it ; it 's a prestigious network of European biologists , and one of its goals is specifically to “ enable international exchange between scientists . ”
By Kate Kelland
LONDON , July 26 ( Reuters ) - Dutch men and Latvian women are the planet 's tallest people but Iranian men and South Korean women have grown the fastest in the last century , according to the largest ever study of height around the world .
Americans , once among the world 's tallest people , have dropped from having men and women at 3rd and 4th in the global height rankings a 100 years earlier , to placing 37th and 42nd respectively in 2014 .
The research , led by scientists at Imperial College London and published in the journal eLife , also found some nations have stopped growing over the past 30 to 40 years , despite having spurts at the start of the century studied .
The United States was one of the first wealthy countries to plateau , followed by others including Britain , Finland , and Japan . Meanwhile , people in Spain and Italy and many countries in Latin America and East Asia are still gaining height .
In contrast , some nations in sub-Saharan Africa , North Africa and the Middle East have seen average heights decline over the past three to four decades .
Human height is strongly influenced by nutrition and environmental factors , although genetic factors can also play a role in individuals . Children and teens who are better nourished and live in better environments tend to be taller .
Research suggests a mother 's health and nutrition during pregnancy may also play a role in how tall her children grow .
Height also has lifelong consequences . Some studies have found that taller people tend to live longer , get a better education and earn more . But being tall may also increase some health risks , with studies linking height to a higher risk of developing ovarian and prostate cancers .
`` This study gives us a picture of the health of nations over the past century , '' said Majid Ezzati , an Imperial professor of public health . He said the findings underlined the need `` to address children and adolescents ' environment and nutrition on a global scale . ''
The 800-strong research team , which worked with the World Health Organization , used data from various sources including military conscription figures , health and nutrition population surveys and epidemiological studies .
The scientists use these to generate height information for 18-year-olds in 1914 through to 18-year-olds in 2014 .
They found that Iranian men have gained an average of 16.5 centimetres ( cm ) in height , and South Korean women 20.2 cm .
The height of men and women in Britain has increased by around 11 cm over the past century , while the height of U.S. men and women has risen by 6 cm and 5 cm . Chinese men and women have gained around 11 cm and 10 cm .
The study also found that :
* Dutch men are the tallest , with an average height of 182.5 cm . Latvian women are the tallest , with an average height of 170 cm .
 Men from East Timor were the smallest in the world in 2014 , with an average height of 160 cm . Women from Guatemala were the smallest in 2014 , with an average height of 149 cm .
 The difference between the tallest and shortest countries in 2014 was about 23 cm for men - an increase of 4 cm on the height gap in 1914 . The height difference between the tallest and shortest countries for women has remained the same across the century , at about 20 cm .
 The height difference between men and women has on average remained largely unchanged over 100 years - the average height gap was about 11 cm in 1914 and 12 cm in 2014 .
 Australian men in 2014 were the only non-European nationality in the top 25 tallest in the world . The nations with the tallest men in 2014 ( 1914 ranking in brackets ) : 1 . Netherlands ( 12 ) 2 . Belgium ( 33 ) 3 . Estonia ( 4 ) 4 . Latvia ( 13 ) 5 . Denmark ( 9 ) 6 . Bosnia and Herzegovina ( 19 ) 7 . Croatia ( 22 ) 8 . Serbia ( 30 ) 9 . Iceland ( 6 ) 10 . Czech Republic ( 24 ) The nations with the tallest women in 2014 ( 1914 ranking in brackets ) : 1 . Latvia ( 28 ) 2 . Netherlands ( 38 ) 3 . Estonia ( 16 ) 4 . Czech Republic ( 69 ) 5 . Serbia ( 93 ) 6 . Slovakia ( 26 ) 7 . Denmark ( 11 ) 8 . Lithuania ( 41 ) 9 . Belarus ( 42 ) 10 . Ukraine ( 43 ) ( Reporting by Kate Kelland ; Editing by Tom Heneghan )
Our Standards : The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles .
Apps with only one login method limit user options and often lead to negative reviews , but with multiple login options comes great complexity . By using Swift enums , David East demonstrates how we can easily abstract it away to keep our view controllers and login logic clean and simple . Join him in this talk to learn about the power of enums as first-class value types in Swift and how to build a trustworthy authentication flow .
My name is David East , and I am a developer advocate at Google working on the Firebase team . At Firebase , we do a lot of work with authentication . Here I 'd love to talk about how we can build trust through authentication with our users : why we want to build the user 's trust , and how to do it in code using Swift enums .
1-Star Horror Story ( 00:54 )
A couple of friends of mine built this incredible keyboard app called Etch . It 's the first ever gesture based multi-tasking keyboard that allows users to quickly communicate and access services by drawing simple shapes on a grid . I helped test it and thought it was awesome , and they were featured in the Best New Apps of the App Store for the launch week . I could n't wait to see all the great 5-star reviews that would come in .
The reviews started out good : “ fun , unique , but needs a little work. ” Later on , they started to get rough , focused around the Facebook login required for the app , with 1-star reviews like “ that is such a lazy , gimmicky requirement instead of implementing your own login or giving the end user an option ” . After considering these , I came to the conclusion that if we want the users to trust us , we need to give them options . Since they 're not familiar with the lack of power developers get through a Facebook login , unless your app is widely known , users will have a hard time trusting you .
Get more development news like this
An app that provides options very well is Overcast , a podcast app . When you first download it , they do not try to pry any information from you . They give you simple options : “ I am new to Overcast , I already have an account , I do not want an account ” ; they also explain why you may want an account in a skeptics FAQ , and have a human-readable privacy policy . This app has nearly 7,000 ratings , the vast majority being five stars , successfully getting the user 's trust . At Etch , when they had enough time to implement email login , the one-star reviews died down . We learned that we can build trust by providing options .
Enums in Swift ( 07:17 )
Implementing multiple login options with multiple SDKs is difficult , but Swift has a really cool construct for multiple options : enums .
enum LoginProvider { case Facebook case Email case Google case Twitter }
We used to consider enums as a bag of glorified integers — a set of common values for type-safety . In Objective-C or C , we would think that these are just mapped to zero , one , two , three . In Swift , it is not that at all : they are not mapped , unless you go and map them yourself . Each one of these enumeration cases is a fully-fledged value in itself ; each one of these cases has a type of its enum . In this case , the case type is LoginProvider . This is because in Swift , enums are first-class types .
4 Stages of Enum Awesomeness ( 08:12 )
Stage 1 - Raw Values ( 08:23 )
Raw values are great ; they allow us to store a value with each case type , and they all conform to the same type .
enum LoginProvider : String { case Facebook = `` facebook '' case Email = `` email '' case Google = `` google '' case Twitter = `` twitter '' } let provider = LoginProvider . init ( rawValue : `` email '' )
In this case the raw value is String . We set them all to have unique string values , and now we can initialize an enum from a raw value . For instance , we just provide in the string of “ email ” , and we get the enumeration case of Email within the LoginProvider .
Stage 2 - Associated Types ( 08:57 )
Like with raw values , associate values allow you to store a value with an enum , but you do not need to have all of them be strings or integers . Instead , each one can implement its own type .
enum LoginProvider { case Facebook case Email : ( String , String ) case Google case Twitter } let provider = LoginProvider . Email ( [ email protected ] '' , `` pass '' )
Therefore , the value associated with the enum is not pre-populated with a default value , as is the case with raw values . Instead , you can change it to whatever you want ; it is a variable . In the case of social login , each requires different types of credentials . However , since email requires an email and a password , we can store those two string values and set up our LoginProvider.Email with them . These associated values can be of any type ; they are n't limited to String , Int , or Char like raw values .
Instead of dealing with two strings , we could use a struct of LoginUser , set the two properties , and then provide a function that validates the email and password .
struct LoginUser { let email : String let password : String func isValid ( ) - > Bool { return email ! = `` '' & & password ! = `` '' } }
Now , rather than using two strings , I can store the LoginUser in the enum with case Email : ( LoginUser ) . Then , I can associate a login user with the email like so :
let provider = LoginProvider . Email ( user )
To extract those values , we use switch on an enum , and using a case statement , we can pull that value out with a case let or case var . Inside of that case statement , we have access to the user , which is really cool because we can take that user information and log them in , right there .
switch provider { case let . Email ( user ) // login ! break }
Stage 3 - case where ( 10:43 )
Armed with the knowledge of associated values , stage 3 using case where becomes that much sweeter . Before we were using a case let where we could pull out the email that we had stored . Now with this where statement we can also check to see if the user is valid by calling that function we created earlier . This allows us to be even more specific with our case statements :
switch provider { case let . Email ( user ) where user . isValid ( ) : // login ! break case let . Email ( user ) where ! user . isValid ( ) : // do n't login ! break }
We can check to see if the user is valid in one , we can check to see if the user is not valid in the other . This is extremely powerful ; before we had to only have case statements that matched to the enum , and now we can be more expressive about our switch matches .
Stage 4 - Functions ( 11:30 )
The fact that enums can have functions proves that they are first-class value types in Swift . With functions , when you use switch , you can switch off self , as self is the current enumeration case .
enum LoginProvider { func login ( ) { switch self { case let . Email ( user ) where user . isValid ( ) : // login ! break } } }
If you are using .Facebook , the self would be .Facebook but in this case we are using .Email , and it would match there as well . To use it , you just create an instance of login provider , and just call login :
let provider = LoginProvider . Facebook provider . login ( ) // How do we surface the login to the View Controller ?
Within two lines of code , you abstracted away multiple types of social login to a certain degree . Unfortunately , we now have to deal with the fact that this model code has no concept of returning the user to the view controller , as login is asynchronous . When you are supporting multiple logins , you are dealing with multiple different asynchronous flows .
Login SDKs ( 12:37 )
Social login SDKs are like snowflakes : they may be beautiful , but no two are the same :
Facebook - Async call to login , async call for user info
Google - Requires two delegates ( one of them is a UI delegate where you implement nothing on )
Twitter - Async call to get accounts , async call to login
Email & Password - Totally custom
Simplifying Asynchronous Data Flows ( 13:14 )
Instead of chasing around other login providers , define your own flow , and make them adhere to you . Delegate , albeit not as Swifty , works really well when you are dealing with view controllers .
We can create a protocol ( LoginProviderDelegate ) and use our typical delegate syntax ( which is not so concise , but it works ) . We can create methods that will surface when a user logged in or when there is an error . With social login , there are more delegate methods we should be using , but you could just add those delegate methods as you need them .
protocol LoginProviderDelegate { func loginProvider ( loginProvider : LoginProvider , didSucceed user : User ) func loginProvider ( loginProvider : LoginProvider , didError error : NSError ) }
The way this works is , in that login ( delegate : ) function in the enum , the delegate is just a parameter . Then we can switch off self and in the case where we have a valid user , we call login , pass the user object in , and that returns us in an asynchronous call our user from the server .
When it is successful , we call the delegate method and it will surface it to the view controller . It makes our view controllers easy to read and it pulls all that logic out of there .
class ViewController : UIViewController , LoginProviderDelegate { let provider = LoginProvider . Facebook @ IBAction func loginDidTouch ( ) { provider . login ( self ) } func loginProvider ( loginProvider : LoginProvider , didSucceed : User ) { print ( user ) }
We just adhere the view controller to the LoginProviderDelegate , and then we can default to Facebook or another login provider , and if there is an IB action where you tap a button , you just pass yourself , the view controller , as the delegate . When it is successful , it will call the login provider method . This will work for any provider . We can have it all conform to this flow , rather than worrying about all the other ways it could be implemented .
Code Demo ( 15:03 )
By using delegation to define our own flow through which all of our login provider-specific code will go through , we greatly simplify our login view controller and decouple the complex login code from it . This way , instead of chasing everyone else 's implementation details and callbacks , we unify them to our own clean and easy to handle model .
In conclusion , we want to gain the user 's trust by providing them options , and we can simplify these options with Swift enums . Thank you .
Q : How does using enums compare to using protocols to achieve multiple login options ? What is the tradeoff between those ?
David : This was an experiment to be as Swifty as possible . We have done wrappers around logins and we have used protocols in the past . Your view controller will be just as clean as before , but since multiple login options mesh with enums that have defined multiple options , it works well . Protocols are another viable way to accomplish this ; I 'm not being dogmatic with this , it 's just one cool option that works well .
Q : Since you focused on both , what is the primary message of your talk ? Do you want to encourage using enums or encourage this method to build a login flow ?
David : Both . My main message was thought about gaining the trust of the user by providing multiple forms of authentication in your app like Overcast does . I also really wanted to show how powerful Swift enums are , and how they can accomplish this more easily with their power .
Q : I recently implemented login flow in our app using enums , and encountered enums with many associated variables that made it awkward to construct them . Using a custom type of the object for each enum is a great way to clean up that code !
David : Yes , I actually encountered that when clearing up code for the slides and using our own type to construct logins is indeed a great tip .
Rep. Justin Amash Justin AmashHouse to push back at Trump on border Ex-GOP lawmakers urge Republicans to block Trump 's emergency declaration This week : Congress , Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE ( R-Mich. ) said Wednesday he was unimpressed by efforts from fellow House Republicans to lay blame for the sequester on President Obama , calling the moves `` disingenuous . ''
`` I think it 's a mistake on the part of Republicans to try to pin the sequester on Obama , '' Amash told Buzzfeed . `` It 's totally disingenuous . The debt ceiling deal in 2011 was agreed to by Republicans and Democrats , and regardless of who came up with the sequester , they all voted for it . So , you ca n't vote for something and , with a straight face , go blame the other guy for its existence in law . ''
Last week , Republicans on Capitol Hill switched their Facebook and Twitter avatars to a passage from Bob Woodward 's recent book that reports the sequester was first proposed by the White House . Additionally , they sent messages critical of the president and sequester using the Twitter hashtag # Obamaquester . It was part of an effort to lay blame at the feet of President Obama for the $ 85 billion in across-the-board cuts set to take effect on March 1 .
ADVERTISEMENT
White House press secretary Jay Carney shot back , accusing Republicans of `` amnesia '' over a bill top GOP leadership had supported . In his interview with Buzzfeed , Amash seemed to agree .
`` You voted for it , you signed it , that means you support it , '' Amash said . `` And if you do n't support it , then do n't vote for it and do n't sign it . ''
On Wednesday , Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE ( R-Ohio ) pointedly referred to `` the president 's sequester '' while speaking with reporters on Capitol Hill .
“ And the president laid out no plan to eliminate the sequester and the harmful cuts that will come of it , '' Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley , Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action , Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE said .
Obama , for his part , made sure to note the involvement of Congress while discussing the sequester in his State of the Union address Tuesday night .
“ In 2011 , Congress passed a law saying that if both parties could n't agree on a plan to reach our deficit goal , about a trillion dollars ' worth of budget cuts would automatically go into effect this year , ” the president said .
Amash , a staunch fiscal conservative , has been a frequent critic of GOP leadership , and was stripped of his seat on the House Budget Committee last year . The Michigan lawmaker was also one of nine GOP defectors who did not support Boehner for the Speakership in January , with Amash casting his vote for Rep. Raúl Labrador ( R-Idaho . ) .
Patel quota stir leader Hardik Patel threatened to block the way of Indian and South African cricket teams to the Rajkot stadium during the third one-day international match on Sunday .
The 22-year-old also said that Patel community members will cordon off Saurashtra Cricket Association stadium in Khanderi village on outskirts of Rajkot city as tickets were allegedly not sold to his community members .
Police has made elaborate security arrangements after the threat by Hardik and decided to fortify the stadium and the city with large deployment to ensure smooth conduct of the match .
Police will deploy three unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) and 90 CCTv cameras will be installed for security purposes . Both the Indian and South Africa teams arrived in the city on Thursday and will practice on the ground on Saturday .
“ Saurashtra Cricket Association ( SCA ) should clarify on why they declared that all tickets are sold in spite of the fact that many tickets yet remain unsold , ” Hardik , convener of Patidar Anamat Andolan Samiti ( PAAS ) , said .
“ PAAS will block the way of both the teams ( of India and South Africa ) to the stadium ( on the match day ) and we will also cordon the entire stadium , ” Hardik added .
Hardik , who is agitating to get reservation for Patel community under Other backward Class ( OBC ) quota , accused the BJP of playing politics over the cricket match .
“ The ( BJP ) Government was saying till now that the match should not be turned into an agitation venue , but now this government is itself playing politics over the match , ” he said .
“ I request to declare the details of ticket selling , because we believe that SCA has given all the match tickets to the BJP people , ” he alleged .
Hardik , whose detention in August sparked violence in the state taking toll of 10 lives , has alleged that the BJP people will create chaos and harm cricketers , but they will blame it on Patel community .
Meanwhile , the police has made elaborate security arrangements to avoid any eventuality during the international cricket match .
Rajkot Range IG DR Patel on Friday said they will deploy around 2,000 cops and and five Superintendents of Police ( SPs ) to ensure the smooth conduct of the match .
Apart from those five SPs , 24 Deputy Superintendents of Police , 32 Police Inspectors , 183 Police Sub Inspectors , five women Police Sub Inspectors , 1210 constables , 50 traffic police and 171 lady police constables will be deployed , the IG said .
Besides , seven teams of Quick Response Cell ( QRC ) , three companies of State Reserve Police Force ( SRPF ) and one company of Rapid Action Force ( RAF ) will be deployed , the IG added .
Earlier , Hardik had threatened that his community members will go in large numbers to the stadium on the match day and protest for quota .
First Published : Oct 16 , 2015 21:07 IST
Addison Russell hopes to be ready if the Cubs can somehow survive and advance to the World Series .
That looks doubtful with the New York Mets up 2-0 in this best-of-seven National League Championship Series , Russell making no guarantees about his strained left hamstring and the Cubs knowing their shortstop 's game is built around speed bursts and lateral movement .
But Russell keeps feeling better and better and will push his rehab this week , trying to be prepared in case the Cubs make it to the Fall Classic for the first time in 70 years .
[ MORE : Power outage : So far , Mets pitching too much for Cubs hitters in NLCS ]
“ I do n't see why not , ” Russell said Monday at Wrigley Field . “ But we 're still trying to ( be ) precautionary , even though the way that I feel is going better than planned . We 're still going to try and take it slow , because you still have those days . There 's no rush . ”
The Cubs left Russell off their NLCS roster after he felt something while hustling for a triple during a Game 3 win over the St. Louis Cardinals in the divisional round .
The Cubs are in good hands with Javier Baez , another first-round pick with a top-prospect pedigree and potentially elite defensive skills .
[ NBC SHOP : Buy Cubs playoff gear ]
But the Cubs also viewed making Russell their everyday shortstop in early August as one of the turning points in this magical season . The rookie put up 13 homers , 29 doubles and 54 RBI during his age-21 season .
“ It 's definitely frustrating , ” Russell said . “ You grind it out all year with these guys and then finally when it comes to crunch time you got to sit on the bench . But I 'll cheer on my teammates and I 'm happy I 've been a part to help the team get this far . I know the type of players that we put out on the field every day . I know that they 're going to get the job done . ”
Sam Sniderman 's son is dismayed Ryerson University is breaking its promise to reinstall the record store owner 's iconic neon sign — a move he says would have “ outraged ” his deceased father . Meanwhile , Canadian musicians such as Gordon Lightfoot are also fighting to save the two-storey , 800-light spinning records , which illuminated Yonge St. from 1961 to 2008 and are seen as symbols of Toronto 's music history .
When Sam The Record Man went out of business , the property was sold to Ryerson University with the understanding that the iconic spinning records would be placed on a new structure . The importance of that promise and whether other ways can be found to mark the site 's importance is now the focus of a dispute between the late Sam Sniderman 's family and the university . ( ANDREW STAWICKI / CP )
Bobby Sniderman , 64 , said his father supported Ryerson 's purchase of the Sam the Record Man property because of the university 's promise to honour his legacy , which led to an agreement to hang the sign . “ If my father was alive today , there would be no possibility of this taking place . He would be outraged by it , and he would be leading the charge to get the recognition he deserves , ” said Bobby . But Ryerson president Sheldon Levy said Wednesday that he spoke with Sniderman many times before he died last September . The humble businessman never insisted the sign be preserved , he said .
Article Continued Below
“ At no time did Mr. Sniderman , may he rest in peace , and I have any discussion about his desire to have that sign resurrected , ” said Levy . Ryerson bought the crumbling record store property from the Sniderman family in 2008 . After the city threatened a heritage designation , the university agreed to restore and hang the sign — either on its new Student Learning Centre on Yonge St. or on Gould St . But last week , the city unveiled a proposal that would let Ryerson off the hook for reinstalling the sign . Instead , the university would embed replica signs in the Yonge St. sidewalk and hang a plaque retelling the history of the beloved store . Bobby is fuming that Ryerson did not contact his family before revealing the plan , which will be debated by Toronto and East York Community Council on Sept. 10 before going to city council Oct. 8 . Although he has only seen a small rendering , Bobby said the replica sidewalk signs would be no comparison to the real thing . “ The signs are really larger-than-life and iconic ... It just would n't have anywhere near the same relevance and importance . ”
Levy said the university will seek the family 's input now that the city report has been published . Ryerson first wanted to see if the alternative plan was feasible before looping in the Snidermans , he said . But as it did in 2007 , public opposition appears to be heating up — with major Canadian music stars including Gordon Lightfoot , Danny Marks and Liona Boyd stepping forward to save the iconic sign .
Article Continued Below
“ The giant neon spinning discs are a reminder of the huge role that Sam Sniderman and his store played in the cultural life of Toronto , ” Lightfoot said in a statement . “ I believe they should be preserved and remounted in the interests of our city 's heritage. ” Local councillor Kristyn Wong-Tam endorsed the new plan , but stressed it is just the first part of a larger vision to honour “ the man , not the store. ” “ We have to celebrate our history and we need to do it in a way that is appropriate , ” she said . “ There might be a whole generation — the millennials , the young folks — who may walk by some spinning discs and they do n't recognize the brand. ” City staff and Ryerson have also discussed renaming Gould St. as Sam Sniderman Way , or housing Sam the Record Man artifacts , including the sign , in a “ museum of Toronto ” or a “ museum of music history , ” she said . Wong-Tam said Ryerson and the city have been searching for an alternative to reinstalling the neon sign since at least 2010 . Their concerns include the possibility that toxic mercury could leak out in the event of fire or damage ; that very few neon experts still exist to repair the sign ; and that it would guzzle energy . When she asked Sniderman about the sign in 2011 , he did n't have a “ strong reaction ” and seemed surprised by a social media campaign to preserve it , said Wong-Tam . Kyle Rae , former councillor for the area , said that in hindsight , asking Ryerson to reinstall the sign was impractical . “ When I think about it today , telling a new property owner that they have to put the sign up of a no-longer-existing business is a pretty bizarre thing to do. ” But Bobby insists his father was “ unequivocal ” in his wish to see the sign reinstalled , and is calling on Ryerson to uphold its end of the deal . “ Ryerson made a commitment to my father and our family , ” he said . “ We 're a family that is really big on honouring commitments . ”
THE HEAVENS—In what is being described by advance marketing materials as `` the first divine creation in more than 6,000 years , '' God Almighty , Our Lord Most High , introduced a brand-new species of bird into existence Monday .
`` Sons of Adam and Daughters of Eve , prepare thine eyes for the most exciting line of avian wildlife in millennia , '' God announced as He released an estimated 14 million first-run models into the important bird markets of North America , Australia , and Eurasia . `` This new bird has it all : slicker wings , a more streamlined beak , better-than-ever capacity for beautiful song . Plus , all of the grace and majesty you 've come to expect from the Eternal Creator of Life Itself . ''
Advertisement
`` The bird is back , '' God continued , His booming voice parting the very heavens . `` And baby , it 's never looked better . ''
According to the latest specs , etched in two tablets of stone and handed down from atop Mount Sinai , the new bird is anticipated by God to be His finest creation to date . Available in two colors-—male and female—the bird reportedly combines everything God has learned from His previous works into one `` new twist on an old favorite . ''
In keeping with tradition , the bird has not been given a name by God , who has left it to mankind to name all the animals .
Advertisement
`` This came out at the perfect time , '' said Chet Clem , Chair of Biblical Science at Oral Roberts University . `` God had n't come out with anything in a long while , and people , quite frankly , were beginning to lose faith in Him . But this bird is totally worth the wait . ''
Added Clem , `` It 's classic God . ''
Advertisement
`` Our Heavenly Father has really outdone Himself this time , '' ornithologist Dr. Avram Wasserbaum agreed . `` Birds do n't tend to be His strong suit—take the buzzard or the dodo , for instance . This latest bird , though , has all of God 's patented design touches : splendor , grace , and an ineffable sense of timelessness . Trust me , once folks get a load of the brilliant plumage , this thing is really going to put God back on top . ''
`` Plus , birds are hot right now , '' he added .
For His part , God has even gone so far as to call the new bird His `` masterpiece . ''
Advertisement
`` I 'm telling you , I pulled out all the stops on this one , '' He said . `` It looks kind of like a hawk , but it 's more compact , and it has a smart , sexy flight pattern that has to be seen to be believed . And if that 's not enough , get this : This bird eats insects , like a bat . ''
God 's faith in His newest creation remains so high , in fact , that if it turns out to be as popular as expected , He plans to discontinue one of His less beloved species , such as the pigeon .
Not all , however , are impressed .
`` The wingspan is not really doing it for me , '' said well-known creation critic Jean Krewson . `` And does it always squawk like that ? After six millennia , could n't God have come up with something a little edgier to breathe life into ? I hate to say it , but maybe the One Who Made Man Flesh is losing His touch . ''
Advertisement
`` It 's no bald eagle , that 's for sure , '' he added .
Despite such criticisms , most humans remained united in praise of the new species , which is already surpassing previous records for bird popularity in all major wildlife sectors .
`` Get 'em while supplies last , '' God said . `` Or before they 're hunted to total extinction . ''
Nov 27 , 2013 - DeeJ
We 're about to embark on our journeys to begin the holiday season . At Bungie , that means empty chairs and empty tables . Before we evacuate the studio for a long weekend with family and friends , the Bungie Podcast is something for which we can all be thankful . Bring us along with you , wherever your travels take you .
You can download the Novembercast now . If you prefer iTunes , we 'll update our Twitter feed when it 's available .
Have a seat . Crack open your favorite beverage and join us for a conversation about how we reach out to the Bungie community . Jennifer Ash works with Bungie User Research to turn your opinions into raw data we can use to make games . Tom Slattery is leading a team that 's helping Bungie to speak new languages , so that we can wrap our big , burly arms around the world . They 're talking to Urk , Halcylon , and yours truly about the great lengths to which we 'll go to know the players of our games .
Al-Qaeda Not Actually Involved , But Panetta Says Attack Proves Need to 'Fight Back '
Al-Qaeda was n't actually behind the hostage siege in Algeria , which ended with the deaths of at least three Americans and a lot of other foreign and domestic workers . It was n't even the loosely related “ al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , ” though the attackers said they did it on their behalf .
Still , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta insisted that the attack proved that “ al-Qaeda is committed to creating terror wherever they are ” and vowed US retaliation against them for the incident .
The comments reflect Western efforts to take advantage of the Algeria incident to push an agenda of aggressive warfare across the region , with British Prime Minister David Cameron vowing decades of attacks , and French President Francois Hollande saying the hostage blowback proved their invasion of Mali was justified .
The group behind the attacks issued a statement of their own , threatening more attacks if France does n't end their offensive in Mali . Since both sides seem to be using one another 's attacks as excuses to keep escalating , this regional war could continue to worsen for quite some time .
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Mazor Robotics jumps after entering next phase of partnership with Medtronic
Mazor Robotics ( MZOR ) announced that it has entered the next phase of its strategic partnership with Medtronic ( MDT ) earlier than planned and their existing agreements have been amended accordingly .
The agreements provide for the conversion of the commercial relationship between the parties , with Medtronic assuming exclusive worldwide distribution of the Mazor X system , and Medtronic making a $ 40M third tranche investment in Mazor .
These developments are a result of the early achievement of certain sales and marketing milestones by both companies , and higher than expected global market acceptance and demand for the Mazor X system .
Medtronic and Mazor originally entered into a strategic agreement in May 2016 .
Medtronic will invest $ 40 million in Mazor Robotics ' American Depository Shares at a price of $ 38.46 per ADS , which represents the weighted average of the closing price of Mazor 's ADS on Nasdaq over the past 20 trading days .
This third tranche of investment in Mazor by Medtronic will bring Medtronic 's total investment in Mazor to $ 72 M , representing approximately 11.9 % of the outstanding shares post investment and 10.6 % of the fully diluted shares outstanding post investment .
[ youtube https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=v6mZG8W7Qck ? rel=0 & controls=0 & w=560 & h=315 ]
Mazor will also issue to Medtronic warrants to purchase an additional 1.21 million Mazor ADSs at an exercise price of $ 44.23 per ADS . The exercise price represents a 15 % premium over the per-share price for the $ 40M equity investment . Medtronic has the right to exercise the warrants immediately in whole or in part , for cash , and they expire after 18 months .
Assuming the full exercise of the warrants , Medtronic 's investment in Mazor will reach $ 125M and its ownership could increase to 4.2M ADSs , or 14.2 % , based on the current number of ADSs outstanding on a fully diluted basis . Closing of the $ 40M equity investment is expected to take place on or around September 12 .
Mazor will continue to manufacture and recognize revenues for Mazor X system sales , disposable kits and service fees all of which will be sold at contractual pricing agreed with Medtronic . The contracted pricing is at a lower rate than Mazor realized through its direct sales channel .
In addition , Mazor will be entitled to certain synergy fees associated with the use of Medtronic implants in Mazor Robotics ' installed base . Moving from direct sales to a strategic distribution model is expected to immediately reduce Mazor 's annual operating expenses by approximately $ 13M .
Trailing 12-month operating expenses for Mazor totaled $ 52.7M . The proceeds from the investment will further strengthen Mazor 's balance sheet and provide the resources to continue to collaborate with Medtronic to develop innovative solutions for the spine market , as well as develop innovative solutions for other potential markets .
Mazor will continue to independently develop and market globally the Renaissance Surgical Guidance System , which was first launched in 2011 . Efforts for Renaissance will be focused on certain market segments for which the Renaissance provides significant customer added value .
PRICE ACTION
Shares of Mazor Robotics ( MZOR ) are up 11 % to $ 46.39 per share in midday trading . Stock has a 52-week trading range of $ 20.19 – $ 47.28 .
STOCKWINNERS
To read timely stories similar to this , along with money making trade ideas , sign up for a membership to Stockwinners .
This article does not constitute investment advice . Each reader is encouraged to consult with his or her individual financial professional and any action a reader takes as a result of information presented here is his or her own responsibility .
In arrow some people think when Oliver dies in the crossover next year he will be brought back from the dead but I do n't think he will because it feels like it 's perement and Stephen wants to leave during season 8 and I 'm okay for Oliver to die only ok what 's your thoughts about everything ?
Hi anon ,
Not gon na lie , if Oliver dies at the end of the series , I will be PISSED ! Maybe these writers think it 's the only way for him to be “ redeemed ” but in my opinion , it would be a cop-out . Not just to the fans who have invested seven plus years in this show but also to Oliver as a character . A few weeks ago I did a Twitter thread explaining why :
I was addressing Oliver 's unmasking , but this also applies to his life and the end of the show . Oliver has never had a problem with sacrificing himself for the greater good . His entire journey as GA has been about that . Where he 's struggled is learning how to live again . Learning to give and accept love .
If Oliver were to die before he 's an old man who 's lived a full life , I feel like the entire message of the show will have been muddied . It feels wrong that death is the only way for him to atone for his sins , as was implied in the crossover . And since Oliver is like a soldier , I think it sends a horrible message to others who struggle with PTSD and trauma . Oliver 's life matters and none of these other so-called “ heroes ” who constantly get free passes to screw with the timelines would be where they are if Oliver did n't decide to become The Arrow . They might not even have survived the crossover if Oliver had n't made some ominous deal with The Monitor . That has yet to be revealed , but I think the writers are trying to copy Marvel 's Infinity Wars just like they copied the Civil War last season .
I 'm curious to see how this all plays out , but Arrow has n't felt like Arrow to me since 4A . While I 've enjoyed certain Olicity scenes , none of the plotlines these writers have carried out feel true the show or the characters . If Stephen wants to leave after S8 , that 's fine . I do n't think Arrow should continue without him , since it 's his journey . He is The Arrow , and Felicity and Dig are the key members of his team . There 's no reason to drag this show out unless they decide to do a show with their children ; but even then I think these writers have lost the spark that made this show so great in the beginning .
My main thought is this :
While I hate the changes in the timeline because it feels like every single thing that happens on the show can so easily disappear , I 'd be okay with this dark future being erased ( and certain OOC events in seasons 5-7 ) . I 'd like for Oliver to be brought back and hailed as the hero that he is . This man and his family have suffered enough . This show needs to restore hope , and killing Oliver off is not going to make people want to rewatch this series after it 's over . It 's just going to disappoint them .
BBC1 broadcast debate between Alistair Darling and Alex Salmond in Scotland , with BBC2 covering rest of UK
More than 2 million viewers watched the second Scottish independence TV debate between Alex Salmond and Alistair Darling broadcast by the BBC , following controversy that the first head-to-head on STV was not broadcast across the whole of the UK .
The head-to-head , which was widely regarded to have been won by Salmond after the first minister of Scotland leader lost out in the first debate earlier this month , had an average audience of 2.3 million for Monday night 's broadcast on BBC1 in Scotland and BBC2 across the rest of the UK .
BBC1 Scotland attracted 843,000 viewers , with a further 1.7 million viewers , a 6.8 % share of the audience , on BBC2 between 8.30pm and 10pm on Monday .
In what will be regarded as a strong ratings performance , Scotland Decides : Salmond vs Darling beat a Channel 4 line-up including the return of Richard Ayoade series Gadget Man , which was back with 1.1 million viewers ( 4 % ) between 8.30pm and 9pm , and Royal Marines Commando School , watched by 1.6 million ( 5.5 % ) between 9pm and 10pm .
ITV has said it will simulcast the second STV-staged debate , on 2 September , on itvnews.com , as well as repeating it on the main ITV channel at 10.35pm .
The first STV debate between Salmond and Darling was only shown on TV in Scotland and many viewers who tried to watch it outside of the country on the STV Player were unable to because of technical problems .
STV , the ITV licence holder , turned down requests by the BBC and Sky News to simulcast the debate and blamed unprecedented demand for the online crash .
Not as new as they were tricks
The second episode of the new series of BBC1 's New Tricks had 5.8 million viewers ( 23.8 % ) between 9pm and 10pm , ahead of ITV 's Long Lost Family , with 3.5 million ( 13.4 % ) .
Elsewhere , Al Murray 's Great British War Movies on BBC4 had 454,000 viewers between 9pm and 10pm , while the second series of US sci-fi drama Under the Dome began on Channel 5 with 900,000 viewers ( 4.6 % ) between 10pm and 11pm .
All ratings are Barb overnight figures , including live , +1 ( except for BBC channels ) and same day timeshifted ( recorded ) viewing , but excluding on demand , or other – unless otherwise stated . Figures for BBC1 , BBC2 , ITV , Channel 4 and Channel 5 generally include ratings for their HD simulcast services , unless otherwise stated
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email media @ theguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 . For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 . If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly “ for publication ” .
• To get the latest media news to your desktop or mobile , follow MediaGuardian on Twitter and Facebook .
Story highlights Andre Spicer : Intern 's death casts spotlight on extreme work culture in finance industry
Research shows that long working hours have negative effect on people , Spicer says
He says extreme hours are bad for employees , for communities and even for companies
Spicer : The most productive countries often have the shortest work hours
The tragic death of Moritz Erhardt , a 21-year-old intern at Bank of America Merrill Lynch , has cast a spotlight on the extreme work culture in the financial industry .
The hours that Erhardt had been working are not unusual . Many finance professionals often work into the wee hours of the morning . Their weekends are spent recovering from grueling workweeks . Their holidays are spent constantly checking in with the office . The result is that work begins to take up nearly every waking hour . There is little time left for life
The extreme work culture used to be the preserve of a few elite professions , such as banking or law . Now it seems to be spreading . Employees in many jobs are being asked to make themselves constantly available . Partly , it 's because new technologies allow people to be connected and reachable at all times .
But it comes at a huge cost . There is a significant body of research that shows long working hours have negative physical and psychological effects on people .
In addition to damaging the body and mind , long hours at work cut people off from their family and friends . People who spend most of their waking hours at work or dealing with work-related activities have little time to build and nurture relationships outside of work .
JUST WATCHED Death sparks debate over work hours Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Death sparks debate over work hours 02:41
Their intimate relationships with family can become strained . Their friendships can become weak . If something goes wrong , they may feel isolated and helpless because they lack a healthy ecosystem for emotional support . The result is that their social network withers and , over time , can die .
Extreme hours have been proven to be unhealthy for workers . They are also bad for communities .
If days are spent only working , then there is little time to put into local clubs , faith groups and associations . Harvard professor Robert Putnam has pointed out that the long working hour culture has led to a stunning decline in the numbers of people who are members of clubs and associations . It has effectively weakened the fabric of our communities . People are increasingly cut off , to the extent that it 's common not to know your neighbors or anyone in your neighborhood .
What is perhaps most surprising is that long hours are not even good for companies .
A recent study by the Swedish sociologist Roland Paulsen has shown that long hours at work also lead to the prevalence of unproductive `` empty work '' such as checking Facebook , watching YouTube videos or even undertaking personal projects at the office . It 's possible that these are ways for employees to show resistance .
There are so many good reasons to end the extreme work culture . But how can it be done ?
A first step is for companies to introduce policies and practices that stop employees from working through the night . These might include having work-life balance programs , or closing the doors to the office at a reasonable hour or banning e-mail traffic after a particular time at night .
As important as these top-down changes are , employees need to instigate bottom-up changes . These require us to avoid modeling and encouraging the practice of working long hours among new recruits . We have to make it acceptable to say `` no '' to an extreme work culture .
Remember , we work to live , not live to work .
The MacBook Pro 2016 may actually come with Touch ID and an OLED function bar , as previously rumored .
Citing a “ reliable ” source , 9to5Mac notes both features are being made available for the MacBook Pro this Fall , which is expected to have a ground-up redesign that features USB-C connectivity .
There 's little to go on besides a source claiming a thing is happening , though . There have been fuzzy images of a purported MacBook Pro chassis floating about the interwebz , but that 's hardly proof of anything .
Our own insiders are less convinced the OLED bar is coming , so we 're still dubious . It 's entirely possible Apple has a variety of features for the Pro lined up that users can scale to suit their needs .
Touch ID is also a curious addition , if it 's indeed coming . Apple recently made it possible for sessions to be authenticated with an Apple Watch , and Apple Pay transactions are verified via your iPhone . There 's just very little reason Apple ( the company that would rather you buy more of its products to take advantage of these cool features ) should cobble Touch ID into a MacBook .
We still do n't know when the 2016 MacBook Pro will land , but there 's evidence it 's already in production . Expected this Fall , our best guess is that the Pro will be announced in October and released shortly thereafter .
Read next : How Instagram geolocations can be used to illustrate inequality in New York City
One of the more popular data sources of climate junk science data is GRACE
GRACE – Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment
They use gravity data from satellites to generate fake graphs and maps like the one below , showing Greenland losing ice in places which never get above freezing .
Total mass change : Polar Portal
Grace_curve_La_EN_20160300.png ( 1882×1080 )
To show how worthless the GRACE data is , I overlaid the DMI surface mass balance ( SMB ) data on the GRACE data . The SMB data ( blue line ) shows Greenland gaining lots of ice , while the GRACE data shows Greenland losing ice .
2013-2014 2014-2015 2015-2016
The SMB data does n't take into consideration flow of ice away from underneath , but it is pretty difficult to believe that the huge discrepancy between the two data sets is real . In any case , the claimed ice loss is not due to in situ melting . It is either data error or flow of ice into the ocean – which would have nothing to do with global warming .
The problem with gravity data is that it is affected not only by ice , but also by other things like movement of the land underneath the ice . The GRACE people have failed to take that into consideration , and have made wildly exaggerated claims of ice loss in the past which they had to stand down on .
Climate Change : New Study Halves the Rate of Ice Cap Melt | TIME.com
GRACE also claims that Antarctica is losing ice .
Climate Change : Vital Signs of the Planet : Land Ice
But Jay Zwally at NASA says Antarctica is gaining ice .
NASA Study : Mass Gains of Antarctic Ice Sheet Greater than Losses | NASA
The GRACE data is meaningless garbage , but climate scientists use it because it is good for funding .
About the Show
Once upon a time , in the faraway kingdom of Silverland , a princess named Sapphire was born . Thanks to a mischievous little angel 's prank , Sapphire Once upon a time , in the faraway kingdom of Silverland , a princess named Sapphire was born . Thanks to a mischievous little angel 's prank , Sapphire ended up with both the blue heart of a boy and the pink heart of a girl . Thus , the little princess would be as rambunctious and brave as she was gentle and caring . However , all was not well in Silverland : only a son may inherit the throne . To stop the evil Duke Duralumon from becoming next in line to inherit , the King announced that Sapphire was a boy . Now several years later , everyone in the kingdom sees Sapphire as a swashbuckling prince . ... more
From the same people who brought you the incredibly amazing Elevation Dock for iPhone , comes yet another stunning Apple-inspired accessory . This time it 's a unibody stand made for the iMac and Thunderbolt Display . Machined from solid , meticulously finished aluminum , Elevation Lab 's new Elevation Stand is designed to raise your iMac up by 66mm to a more comfortable and ergonomic viewing height while taking up less desk space compared to other stands and platforms . With a seamless , screwless unibody construction - the Elevation Stand 's hollowed interior lets you store peripherals such as an external backup hard drive or other items , while a chamfered hole opening at the back creates a clean cable management .
Every stand will get glass bead blasted , acid etched , electro-chemically polished , and deep anodized . It 's the same finish we apply to Elevation Dock and Apple puts on Macbook Pros .
It takes a 90 million pounds press , the same machine used to help make the Tesla Model S , to extrude the profile of the Elevation Dock from a block of aluminum , which is then refined using glass bead blasting and anodizing techniques to closely match the smooth finish of the iMac 's silver metal body .
Rather than creating a simple square or rectangle , the flared design of the Elevation Stand closely follows the flared shape of the pedestal base . This results in a more space-saving footprint while remaining true to the native design lines of the iMac and other Apple external displays .
To keep your iMac from moving or sliding atop the Elevation Stand , a NanoPad material covers the top surface that comes in contact with the bottom side of the iMac 's base ( or Apple any Apple Display ) , essentially locking the two together very securely using a strong micro suction technology . Although Elevation Lab 's Elevation Stand is n't as versatile as Twelve South 's HiRise stand in that it does n't have any height adjustable levels , it is a more elegant solution to both raise the height of your display and store items away from sight .
Elevation Labs are back on Kickstarter asking the community to help fund its Elevation Stand project like it successfully has with the inception of the Elevation Dock . You 'll be able to pre-order the Elevation Stand at a reduced price for $ 59 , instead of its full retail price of over $ 100 when it begins to ship in September .
What to do with that old abandoned church in your neighborhood ? Why not turn it into a home ? Entire Pinterest boards are dedicated to the idea . And now , celebrities are jumping on the trend .
Johnny Depp was ahead of the curve , turning a chapel into a guest house on his estate in France in 2001 . As he looks to sell , others are buying similar properties .
Beyoncé and Jay-Z purchased a church-turned-home in May .
The couple closed the deal on an old New Orleans church , where New York Daily News says the altar became the dining room , and the choir loft is now the master suite .
Now in Los Angeles , pastor 's kid Katy Perry is hoping to buy a convent .
But the Los Angeles Times reports the nuns are n't so happy . Two sisters are debating with LA 's archbishop over who has the right to make the sale .
0 PHOTOS Katy Perry looks to buy a church See Gallery As more churches close , celebrities move in Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
One possible explanation for these church conversions ? As the number of churchgoers decreases around the U.S. , more churches are closing and going on the market .
And this trend might continue as researchers see a rise in Americans who do n't identify with a particular faith , especially millennials .
It 's no surprise the Vatican is n't too pleased with these events . The president of the Pontifical Council for Culture has condemned the `` immoral '' transformation of churches into nightclubs and strip clubs . And yes , that 's actually happened .
`` How old do you have to be to buy dry ice ? '' asks another lad .
`` If you knew how to order it , I 'd sell it to you , '' says Tyson , briefly and sincerely imagining himself as a dry-ice salesman . `` I 'd figure you were a kid interested in science , and I 'm not going to stand in the way of that . ''
'There Were Noogies '
`` I 've got an idea for a future book project called 'How to Raise a Scientifically Literate Child , ' `` Tyson says , walking out of the school . `` Not 'How to Raise a Scientist . ' I do n't care if my kids '' -- Tyson and his wife , who has a PhD in mathematics , also have a son , named Travis -- `` are scientists . But I want them to be literate about science . ''
He heads to the subway , which delivers him to the American Museum of Natural History , home to the Hayden Planetarium . His office is cluttered with certificates , photos , scientific journals , a bust of Newton with a `` Jeopardy ! '' hat on it .
`` I never got to be on the show , '' he says . `` But I did record an Audio Daily Double for them recently . ''
Tyson is one of those rare scientists who seeks out TV appearances , and one of the few good enough on camera to get invited to places like `` The Daily Show . '' Time magazine this year picked him as one of the 100 most influential people in the world -- a distinction , he points out , that makes more sense when you realize that the magazine anointed people by category . ( `` They 're counting me as one of the most influential scientists , '' he says . ) People magazine once named him `` Sexiest Astrophysicist Alive , '' and though he wonders aloud about the depth of the competition , he is surely one of the few in his field who briefly considered exotic dancing as a part-time job .
At the time , he was a PhD candidate at the University of Texas , and several friends in a student dance troupe he had joined tipped him off about their part-time work at a Chippendales-style club .
`` It seemed like a good idea , until I went to watch and they set their jockstraps on fire to the tune of 'Great Balls of Fire , ' `` he says . He knew that the lighter fluid burned out in an instant and that the jockstraps were lined with asbestos . But still . `` I thought to myself : math tutor . I should be a math tutor . ''
Tyson started writing books after he transferred his PhD work to Columbia . The first , `` Merlin 's Tour of the Universe '' in 1989 , was illustrated by his older brother , an artist who lives in Upstate New York . Then came `` Universe Down to Earth , '' `` One Universe : At Home in the Cosmos '' and `` City of Stars : A New Yorker 's Guide to the Cosmos , '' which included helpful hints about which days the sun sets directly over Manhattan 's east-west streets .
When the Hayden Planetarium decided it needed to boost attendance , it went to the astrophysics departments at Columbia and Princeton and asked for ideas . Hire an astrophysicist to run the place , both universities suggested -- specifically , Tyson , by then a lecturer at Princeton .
`` It took Neil about five minutes to win over his students , '' recalls Richard Gott , a former colleague . `` I taught Astronomy 203 with him and [ fellow heavy hitter ] Michael Strauss . We were the Three Tenors -- and Neil was Pavarotti . ''
Tyson accepted the director 's job after the planetarium agreed to add an academic research arm to the place , which he figured would keep it intellectually vibrant . Hayden also offers , as it long has , mini-courses to the public , and signing the certificates for completing those courses is a task Tyson enjoys . He had a collection of those certificates as a kid . To Tyson 's parents , it was just part of the larger curriculum offered by the five boroughs .
A rescue drone carries an inflatable life belt during a training flight operation in the Atlantic beach of Biscarrosse , southwestern France , Tuesday , Aug. 8 , 2017 . A cutting-edge lifesaving initiative is taking flight again this summer off France 's popular Atlantic beach destinations : the rescue drone . Following a successful launch in 2016 , three airborne life-saver drones are being operated in the southwestern Nouvelle-Aquitaine region spots until September to come to the aid of swimmers struggling in choppy water .
Guidelines for a Los Angeles Fire Department drone program were approved by the City Council Tuesday over the objections of some civil rights organizations concerned that the devices could be used to infringe on individual liberties .
The 11-0 vote formalizes rules for the fire department 's use of drones , or unmanned aerial systems . The City Council had already cleared the way in July for the LAFD to develop the program .
According to the guidelines , drones would be used by the LAFD in `` emergencies where the complexity or scope of the incident require critical decision making on the part of the incident commander and/or pose a significant risk to firefighter safety ( that ) could require the use of a department UAS . ''
The guidelines also say drones would be used , but not be limited to , situations involving hazardous materials , confined space rescues , high/low angle rescues , swift or moving water rescues `` or any other expanded or extended incident . ''
A process for requesting a drone is also outlined . The guidelines note that of the nearly 470,000 calls for service the department responds to annually , about 99 percent would not necessitate use of a drone .
Both the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department and Los Angeles Police Department have also been pursuing drones over the objection of civil liberties groups , including the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California , which are concerned about `` mission creep '' and worry the devices will one day be armed with weapons or used to conduct mass surveillance .
The Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners recently approved drone- use guidelines , though the overwhelming majority of the public feedback it received on the program was opposed to it . The sheriff 's Civilian Oversight Commission recently voted 5-4 to call for the grounding of the LASD 's drone program .
But that vote is not binding on the department , and Sheriff Jim McDonnell said the agency will continue using the devices . The LAFD guidelines address privacy concerns and state the devices would not be used to monitor members of the public or provide surveillance for law enforcement .
Copyright City News Service
Put on your imagination cap and allow us to guide you on a journey into paradise . It 's a balmy 76 degrees , and the sun falls across your face in beams broken up by the lush thicket of grove surrounding your path . As you emerge from the woodland shade , your eyes adjust to take in a wide , blue sky dotted with wisps of clouds hanging over acres of grassy clearing .
Floating over a welcomed Florida breeze , the kind that tends to blow in only during the first days of March , just as spring breaks , comes a beat . At first , it 's faint , a quiet pulse that draws you in and propels you forward . At your sides , smiling faces — some familiar , others not — also follow the sound .
Directly ahead , you begin to make out the source of the beat : three large , open structures surrounded by even more tropical foliage , forming the heart of a sprawling , 800-acre preserve filled with lovingly maintained lakes , beaches , jungles , woodlands , and fields . By the time you and your new friends have closed in on the center , it 's become clear where you are and why you 've come here . You notice your hips begin to sway and your heart vibrate warmly inside your chest . You 're home .
Continue Reading
`` Burning Man is a reference point for what we 're trying to accomplish . '' Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
Welcome to Okeechobee Music & Arts Festival , brainchild of cofounders Steve Sybesma and Paul Peck , two industry veterans who came together expressly for the purpose of transforming the lush enclave they 've dubbed Sunshine Grove into the utopian entertainment escape it was always destined to be .
`` We really want to create a place where people can have a little bit of a throwback experience — a ritualistic , joint , shared experience in a physical place , '' Peck tells me from his and Sybesma 's Okeechobee Fest headquarters in Coconut Grove . As he explains his vision for the brand new , three-day music and arts camping experience launching this spring — `` real people , in real time , with real music , just in nature '' — it 's evident this is more than just another job .
For Peck , a creative mastermind who left his dream post at Bonnaroo to helm this festival , and partner Sybesma , an expert producer who helped launch what is currently China 's biggest electronic music festival , this is the pinnacle : their passion project .
Neither Sybesma nor Peck had any intention of leaving their previous work behind . The two met back in 2006 , when their respective companies came together in New York to discuss a potential new festival project in China . Although that particular venture fell through , Sybesma and Peck remained in touch . `` He never deleted my number off his phone after the first China discussion , '' Peck laughs .
It was n't until January 2014 , when Sybesma 's daughter , a lawyer at a Florida law firm , passed along her dad 's contact information to one of her clients . His name was Cliff Rosen , a well-connected developer in Central Florida , and he was sitting on some property he thought Sybesma might find of interest .
`` He reached out to me and said , 'You 've got ta see this property ; I think you can do something on it musically , ' '' Sybesma recalls . `` I was happy in China ; I love living in Shanghai — that 's my second home . '' But since he happened to be in the United States for Christmas , Sybesma decided to go take a look . `` I kind of did it as a favor ; I did n't think I was actually going to come back . I was probably going to connect him with my friends at Live Nation or AEG . After I saw the property , I said , 'Forget it . I 'm going to do this myself . ' ''
Sybesma became completely wrapped up in the magic of the pristine `` nature paradise , '' with its maintained and manicured landscaping , a well-designed mix of natural and manmade , six miles of paved road , and `` awesome camping fields , '' which are flat and grassy with an absorbent , sandy soil underneath . Originally developed by Rosen as an equestrian ranching community just before the big crash , it seems the halcyon property needed exactly what Sybesma had : a vision .
Of course , he knew he could n't take on the massive project on his own , so he got back in touch with Peck and went to work trying to bring him onboard .
`` It was n't easy stuff , '' admits Peck . `` I was kind of realistic about what I thought my interest level was . I was really happy at Bonnaroo , I was doing projects I really believed in , I had a ton of creative latitude . ''
Peck graduated in 2001 from Tulane , where he completed an internship at the legendary New Orleans music venue Tipitina 's and organized the first of many collaborative , live `` super jams '' that have become his signature twist at Bonnaroo . Peck signed on to Superfly , the music and lifestyle company that 's also behind San Francisco 's Outside Lands festival , directly after school and helped launch Bonnaroo the following year . He 's since worked with everyone from Skrillex and D'Angelo to John Oates and R. Kelly to create `` once in a lifetime '' collaborations onstage in real time .
Peck agreed to meet with Sybesma . `` I told him realistically , I 'm probably not interested unless the property is absolutely exceptional , '' he says . `` The second I saw it , I was like , 'Drop everything — let 's go do this . ' ''
With the help of a team of first-rank festival producers , including head-of-operations Jim Tobin , who 's led on-the-ground efforts at Bonnaroo , Coachella , Hang Out Fest , Governor 's Ball , and Electric Forest , they 're doing it . Sybesma and Peck , along with a handful of key players , formed Soundslinger LLC , purchased Rosen 's property , and have been grinding full-steam since . `` We 're going to kind of put Okeechobee on the map in a sense , '' Sybesma says .
Upon entering the grounds , guests will undergo what Peck calls a `` transformative experience '' as they take in massive art installations and light-mapping intermixed with nature . And while the three stages — completely surrounded by trees — are relatively close together , Peck ensures there will be `` minimal sound leak from stage to stage . '' Plus , unlike some festivals where walking from campgrounds to the festival can take 45 minutes , at Okeechobee , everything is more centrally located .
Apart from the main stage and campgrounds , the festival will also capitalize on the various other features of the preserve , including a lakeside beach for swimming while taking in another stage overlooking the water ; and a clearing in the tropical woods called `` Yogachobee , '' featuring meditation and massage . Sunshine Grove is flanked by an organic vegetable and herb farm , where the team will be sourcing much of its food for its vendors , although campers are welcome to bring their own . All service containers will be 100 percent biocompostable .
`` Burning Man is a reference point for what we 're trying to accomplish , '' says Peck , though they 're not attempting to draw a direct comparison . `` We really want this to be a hub for a really diverse community . '' Instead of a `` city festival '' like Miami 's Ultra , Okeechobee Fest aims to be more of an escape . `` It 's just a different reality , an old reality of living among nature . ''
With artist installations being culled both locally and across the coasts and Peck busy at work with R & B artist Miguel on his latest one-off collaborative jam centerpiece , the `` once in a lifetime '' experience they 're aiming for does n't seem too far off .
Peck sums up the Okeechobee Fest experience like this : `` This morning , I was in Miami , driving on the freeway , and now I 'm out here , underneath a tree , sipping on an organic juice , listening to music , and hanging out with this person I just met this morning . It 's why I go on vacation . You want to have this adventure , this experience that you 're never going to forget . ''
Okeechobee Music & Arts Festival
With Mumford & Sons , Kendrick Lamar , Skrillex , Bassnectar , and others . March 4 to 6 at Sunshine Grove , 12517 NE 91st Ave. , Okeechobee . Three-day advance passes start at $ 269.50 . Visit okeechobeefest.com .
A petition with the goal of renaming a San Jose roadway after former President Barack Obama is starting to gain some traction . Kris Sanchez reports .
Barack Obama Boulevard in San Jose ? Supporters Push to Name Roadway After Former President
A petition with the goal of renaming a San Jose roadway after former President Barack Obama is starting to gain some traction .
Alex Shoor is helping to orchestrate the name change effort in hopes of celebrating the 44th president 's legacy and inspiring the next generation of leaders .
`` Now maybe more people in this country can truly believe that anyone can be president , and we want that hope to live on , '' Shoor said . `` We want that hope to live on across the country and we want that hope to live on here in San Jose . ''
Almaden Boulevard in the heart of downtown San Jose is one of the roadways that could be swapped for the former commander in chief 's name . That 's because four streets in the South Bay city already feature the word `` Almaden '' in some capacity .
Actually swapping a street name takes time , public input , 1,000 support signatures and about $ 7,000 to cover the application for the name change .
Supporters of the movement hope the public pitches in to help , saying the effort does not represent a political showing but is more of a testament to history .
`` He was a U.S. president , '' Marissa Harris said . `` Plenty of boulevards named after U.S. presidents , so why not him ? ''
At least 10 roadways across the country and one in Tanzania already feature Obama 's name .
The campaign is accepting donations on the African-American Community Service Agency website .
DC Comics Brightest Day White Lantern Covers Revealed
Connected to Make One Large Teaser Image
Over the last several weeks , DC Comics has been releasing White Lantern variant covers of select issues featuring the twelve heroes and villains that returned at the end of The Blackest Night . Each cover features a different character as a White Lantern and were drawn by Ryan Sook with an assist from Fernando Pasarin and Joel Gomez and a `` guiding hand '' from Jim Lee .
These variant covers flew off the shelves ( some so quickly that they were gone by the time I reached my local comic shop at noon ) , but now DC Comics has revealed all of the covers connected in one glorious image on The Source blog .
Begin staring and let us know if you see any hidden clues to what 's going on in The Brightest Day .
realanimefood :
Anime : Food Wars Shokugeki no Soma
Appearance : Episode 16
Time : 40 minutes
Serving : 4
I love risotto so much but it requires a lot of babysitting . I 've wanted to try this recipe since I saw it on food wars and I finally had time ( and lots of apples I had to use ) . I LOVED this recipe ! It tasted so good and I 'm so glad I made it ! There was such a balance of sweet , and salty that I couldnt stop eating it !
I do have to make a note about my recipe . In the anime they do n't discuss cheese and in the manga they talk about powder cheese . I know when I visited Japane forever ago they didnt have a lot of Italian cheese available . So that is probably why in the manga they suggest powder cheese . Personally I 'm not a huge fan and I dont think it goes well with apples . I like Parmesan because it adds a good salt content without being to strong in flavor . You can use which ever you prefer . Another thing I left out the wine because my sister was eating this with me and the poor thing is allergic if you do add wine use a dry white wine use 2 tablespoons and add it before you add the stock and cook the rice and wine until all the alcohol evaporates .
Keep reading
Colin Perkel , The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- The man accused of a terrifying , deadly attack in a crowded downtown mall concocted a story about living in terror as a way to justify what was a cold-blooded killing , his first-degree murder trial heard Wednesday .
In cross-examination , prosecutor John Cisorio heaped scorn on evidence by Christopher Husbands that he opened fire in a blind panic on two men he believed were out to kill him .
`` A lot of these symptoms that you are chalking up to hypervigilance and paranoia are also consistent with your lifestyle choices , '' Cisorio said .
Husbands , 25 , was adamant his fears were real .
He has pleaded not guilty to the planned killing of two men at the landmark Eaton Centre on June 2 , 2012 , in a shooting that also injured five people .
The Crown alleges Husbands gunned down Nixon Nirmalendran , 22 , and a friend in deliberate retaliation for an almost fatal stabbing earlier that year .
`` On June 2 , you took the law into your own hands , did n't you ? '' Cisorio said .
`` That 's how you might interpret it but I felt my life was in danger , '' Husbands said on his third day on the witness stand . `` I did not take the law into my own hands to go kill anyone . ''
Cisorio pointed out that Husbands was walking around with a fully loaded gun when he went to the Eaton Centre despite his professed paranoia and fear of crowds .
The mall visit was at his girlfriend 's urging , Husbands said , and the friend 's firearm made him feel safer because he knew Nirmalendran and the others who had attacked him carried guns .
`` If you had the gun , you were n't going to throw it at them , were you ? '' Cisorio said .
`` Obviously not . ''
`` The gun is there to be used . ''
`` It 's there to protect myself . ''
Husbands , a drug dealer , maintains he suffered flashbacks , became paranoid , and developed a fear of crowds as a result of the attack in February 2012 .
Cisorio suggested the accused brazenly went about his frequently illegal business in crowded places and his fears were n't real .
At the time of the mall shooting , Husbands was on bail for convictions related to obstruction and sexually assaulting the mother of his now six-year-old daughter . He breached them all .
`` I did n't say I was going out to break my bail but it 's something I ended up doing , '' he admitted .
`` Nothing stops Mr. Husbands , right ? '' Cisorio said .
`` I do n't know how to answer that question . ''
Cisorio said Husbands lied to police after he turned himself in following the mall shooting in an effort to obscure a link between the February stabbing attack and the June shooting .
The witness said he was only trying to make clear he was not interested in talking to the officers , who quickly formed an opinion that the mall shooting was related to the stabbing .
`` I was n't going to change their mind , '' said Husbands , neatly dressed in jacket and tie .
He again said he had no idea what motivated the February assault but said it was not because he had slept with the mother of one of his attackers .
The trial continues Thursday .
MONTCLAIR -- It was a traditional Jewish Christmas dinner -- Chinese food . But the guests at the synagogue in Montclair were neither Jewish nor Christian . They were recently arrived Muslim Syrian refugees .
Feeling concern over the `` demonizing of immigrants , '' members of Bnai Keshet , a Reconstructionist congregation , invited 10 refugee families in Elizabeth to join them Friday night -- which also happens to be the start of the Jewish Sabbath .
`` They were very enthusiastic , '' said Kate McCaffrey of Maplewood . `` We really have no idea what their experiences with Jews are or what their feelings are . They accepted the invitation overwhelmingly . ''
The event came about because `` members of our congregation and people throughout the Jewish community have really felt called to help the refugees , '' said Rabbi Elliott Tepperman , the leader of Bnai Keshet .
`` As Jews , we all come from refugee families and we know in our bones what it 's like to have hateful rhetoric directed toward us , '' Tepperman said . `` Many of our parents were Holocaust refugees . ''
To make sure everyone 's dietary restrictions were met , the meal included vegetarian food catered by Woxx , a Kosher Asian restaurant in West Orange .
Because it is Friday evening , the start of the Jewish Sabbath , the meal started with blessings over candles and challah bread .
And despite the political hostilities between Jews and Muslims in the Middle East , that did not arise as an issue when the Syrians were invited , said the event 's organizers . In addition to the 10 families living in Elizabeth , a Syrian refugee family living in Paterson also accepted the congregation 's invitation .
In Paterson , where there are many Muslims , that family has been settling in comfortably . But the newly arrived refugees are having `` more trouble '' in Elizabeth , where there are n't as many Muslims and the schools are less capable of dealing with Arabic-speaking students , McCaffrey said .
The congregation 's link to the Syrians in Elizabeth was Rana Shanawani , a woman of Syrian descent living in Short Hills who has been helping the refugees get settled in Elizabeth .
Shanawani said she found it `` wonderful '' and `` amazing '' when the Jewish group approached her with an emailed request to arrange an invitation for the refugees . `` We reached out to the families and asked how they felt about it , '' she said , admitting she was `` nervous '' and did n't know what to expect .
But the reaction `` was very favorable , '' she said . `` Everyone agreed to go . ''
One family had visitors from out of town , and two days ago , they decided they could n't attend the dinner , but their children complained so vigorously that they decided to go , Shanawani said .
She said the Syrians have been `` strategizing on how to give as good an impression as possible . They 're bringing flowers and trying to be as harmonious as possible . ''
`` It 's so wonderful , I 'm so happy there is so much enthusiasm on both sides , '' Shanawani said .
While there has been some growing anti-Muslim , anti-immigrant sentiment in the country , Shanawani said the pendulum has swung the other way for a lot of people .
`` They want to show their support , they want to show that they do n't feel that way , '' she said .
And although some have cautioned that even asylum seekers might have terrorist sympathies , McCaffrey said , `` We 're trying to show a positive model of sharing , of breaking bread . ''
She said the event would be just the start of an ongoing relationship between the congregation and the refugees .
`` We really intend this as solidarity , not charity , '' she said .
Ben Horowitz may be reached at bhorowitz @ njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @ HorowitzBen . Find NJ.com on Facebook .
The University of California Berkeley Police Department is investigating after videos showing an officer ticketing a hot dog vender and removing money from his wallet following a Cal football game on Saturday went viral , according to reports .
Martin Flores , a Los Angeles resident and Berkeley alum , filmed and uploaded three cellphone videos of the incident to his Facebook page Saturday evening , writing , “ The sadness to observe UC Berkeley Police give a hotdog vendor a ticket and his hard earned money taken away . ”
The incident occurred in the 2200 block of Piedmont Avenue just after 5:30 p.m. , the East Bay Times reported .
In a GoFundMe account , Flores wrote he was buying hot dogs for his children after the family left the Golden Bears football game when “ we were interrupted by UC Berkeley Police officer . ”
At that point , Flores took his cellphone out and began recording . He did so because he felt the vendor — identified only as Juan — was being unfairly targeted by police , according to Bay Area-television station KTVU .
During an exchange with the ticketing officer , Flores can be heard in the footage protesting his actions and defending the street vendor , arguing that police were ignoring on-campus drinking .
“ That 's not right . … You 're going to take his hard-earned money ? People could drink on campus on football games and no ticket , but a hard-working man selling hot dogs , earning a living , gets his money taken away and a ticket ? ” Flores asked .
“ He does n't have a permit , ” the officer responded . “ This is law and order in action . ”
A UC Berkeley police official told KTVU that officers can look through someone 's wallet and confiscate money if there is an arrest or citation . In this case , the vendor 's money was seized as evidence , the station reported .
The amount confiscated in the seizure was $ 60 , according to Berkeley news website Berkeleyside.com .
Police confirmed they are investigating the incident , which took place as officers cracked down on street vending violations , according to multiple news outlets .
“ We are aware of the incident , ” UC Berkeley police Sgt . Nicole Sanchez told the East Bay Times on Sunday . “ That officer was tasked with enforcing violations of vending without a permit on campus . We are looking into the incident . ”
Juan was the only vendor cited amid the crackdown , the television station reported .
Police detained three additional vendors , but released them , according to Berkeleyside.com . All were given warnings .
Videos Flores posted to his Facebook page have been viewed more than 11 million times and shared by over 160,000 users as of Monday morning .
By 8:40 a.m. , the videos had apparently been removed from the page . Prior to have the happening , users had expressed anger over the incident , while others voiced their support for the officer .
Flores began the GoFundMe page Sunday as he sought “ justice ” for Juan and attempted to locate him , which he successfully did , according to an update on the page .
As of Monday morning , the campaign has raised more than $ 33,000 ; the funds will be utilized to help cover the vendor 's legal costs and financial losses .
“ Juan is a symbol of the injustice that takes place to street vendors . Therefore a collective effort to support street vendors will also benefit , ” the page stated .
Meanwhile , a petition calling for the officer 's removal has been launched on the Care2 website . By Monday morning , it was supported by more than 12,000 people .
Terror attacks across Europe have made years of training undertaken by Germany 's elite Special Forces outdated because their skills in dealing with hostage situations and organized crime are largely ineffective given the new challenges faced .
Combatting terrorism and lone-wolf attacks is becoming more and more demanding for the German Special Forces as they had been preparing for other types of threats before the Paris , Brussels and Nice assaults , Jerome Fuchs , the commander of GSG 9 , told Bild magazine in an interview .
“ Terrorists from the so-called Islamic State [ IS , previously ISIS/ISIL ] are acting very resolutely , so as a Special Forces unit we have to respond in a more decisive , straightforward and faster way , ” said Fuchs , who has been leading the elite counter-terrorism and hostage rescue group since 2014 .
“ And this is a new situation for us , ” he said , when asked if GSG 9 is ready to prevent such attacks from happening in Germany . “ In GSG 9 , we 've been dealing for many years with [ rescuing ] hostages taken by terrorists or dangerous criminals . ”
He added his unit , which has long-standing relationships with the SAS , Delta Force , FBI Hostage Rescue Team and Israeli police counter-terrorist group Yamam , “ had time to prepare , collect intelligence and data on [ potential ] perpetrators. ” Their training included drills in a compound built to simulate combat environment .
Read more
“ But we do n't have such capacities to [ deal with ] attacks similar to that in Nice , Paris or Brussels , ” Fuchs admitted .
“ In such cases , we must arrive at the scene immediately , get our teams moving in as fast as possible and stop terrorists , ” he explained . “ This is the mode of operation that our forces must adopt . ”
Germany had not been affected by a major terrorist attack until this month . Despite the national intelligence services receiving numerous tip-offs suggesting that IS militants could infiltrate the country as refugees , in the space of a week this month , a series of deadly attacks took place across the country .
Last Sunday , a 27-year-old Syrian man who had been denied asylum detonated an improvised explosive device in a Bavarian town of Ansbach , injuring at least 12 people . In a separate case , another Syrian asylum seeker killed one person and injured five others in a machete attack in Reutlingen .
READ MORE : Terrorized state : The week of attacks that shocked Germany ( PHOTOS )
The deadliest attack so far took place in Munich , where an 18-year-old gunman killed nine people and injuring 35 others . Police said he had no links to IS but was inspired by Norwegian far-right mass murderer Anders Breivik .
The GSG 9 was scrambled shortly after the shooting started , but the “ situation was at first unclear , ” Fuchs said . Although the gunman committed suicide without being neutralized , he claimed “ GSG 9 has accomplished its mission and supported the Munich police in a professional way . ”
GSG 9 or Border Protection Group 9 was created shortly after 1972 Munich Olympics when the Palestinian terrorist organization Black September killed two Israeli athletes in the Olympic Village and nine more during an unsuccessful hostage rescue operation .
This post may contain affiliate links . Please read our disclosure for more info .
Today Maryam is back to help in choosing your perfect wedding color scheme !
Many people do n't realize that selecting the color scheme for your wedding is an incredibly important decision that should be made as early on in the planning process as possible . Why , you may ask ? Well , your color scheme will largely depend on your venue , the time of year your special day is being held , and the setting for your wedding . It 's important to think long and hard about the colors you 're going to incorporate in your big day because the church will be decorated to match , along with your bridesmaids , groomsmen , cake , and much much more .
When starting the planning process , I really had no idea what I was going to do for my wedding colors . Since we are getting married in Northern Ireland , and I 'm marrying an Irish man I immediately thought to include Emerald green . However , I soon realized that this was very “ cliché ” and Stephen definitely did n't like the idea . Our wedding is after the summer and is being held at a beautiful church with stained glass windows followed by a reception in a gorgeous hotel right on a lake . I wanted the color scheme to perfectly match the time of year and the venue . Also , I wanted it to be a little something different .
I first decided on the color Rose Gold . I had purchased a purse that was a metallic Rose Gold last year and immediately decided it had to be one of my wedding colors . I liked the idea that it was something metallic so that I could add a little bit of bling to my special day . I highly suggest that you pick one metallic tone to incorporate into your wedding – copper , silver , gold , bronze , rose gold . It 's nice to have to add a little bit of shine and sparkle . Admittedly , since rose gold is a very new trendy color , it 's been very difficult to find a lot of items for the wedding with this color . Additionally , printing with metallic colors is an entirely different process , so it 's important to keep that in mind when it comes to paper goods like invitations .
( Rose Gold Invitations from : http : //www.cecinewyork.com/cecistyle/issue/v152/ # )
It 's funny , because as I was browsing the net I saw a post on the Perfect Palette highlighting rose gold as a trending color !
For the next two colors , I wanted colors that were easy to find , subtle , and went with everything . I chose to use Ivory and Kraft Brown as the neutral and basic colors in my wedding . It 's easy to find everything in Ivory , and it 's also the color of my dress ! Kraft brown is a nice , almost hipster , choice that you can use for printables ( paper goods ) , gift boxes , totes , and anything else really to add a little “ shabby chic ” to your special day .
( Images above from http : //www.simplypeachy.com/kraft-paper-wedding-ideas/ )
Then , last but not least I decided to have royal purple to be my bold color for the night . The bridesmaids will wear this color , and the groomsmen will wear royal purple ties . It 's perfect for a end of summer , start of fall wedding that 's elegant . All the colors work very well together , and this is a nice accent addition to the day . It gives me the opportunity to have a bold pop of color .
Need some Purple Inspiration ?
To be entirely honest I have n't figured out how the reception will be decorated , or the church , or how all of these colors will go together . Yes , I have decided on a few things . Still , coordinating everything is what I have left to do . I really like this color scheme , and I think it will turn out beautifully . I look forward to sharing the items I select for my wedding based on these colors with you , and I hope you 'll give me lots of advice on what I need to complete my special day .
6 Tips For Choosing Your Wedding Colors
1 . Always have at least one neutral and toned down color like beige , ivory , pearl , or white . You want a light color that can compliment everything , even as a backdrop to your invites , and as colors for flowers to accent the bouquet .
2 . At least one bold color that looks great on everyone , is easy to find , and can be used to accent your cake , reception hall , and bouquets .
3 . Do n't choose more than 4 colors for your wedding color scheme . It can get complicated to make them work well together .
4 . Choose colors that you can find for : the cake , dresses , ribbons , flowers , invitations , accent pieces , and more . You need to pick colors that you can actually buy ! Even though something may be beautiful you may not be able to find all the items you need in that color .
5 . Be prepared that not everything is going to match . Sometimes you 'll buy something “ purple ” and another “ purple ” item and they 'll be completely ( or slightly ) different . No reason to get upset , not everything will match perfectly . Do your best to coordinate .
6 . You do n't have to pick a color scheme . Instead go with a theme , then you do n't have to worry about colors coordinating as long as everything goes with the theme of the day .
5 Places for Color Inspiration
1 . COLOURlovers : COLOURlovers is a free tool that lets you look at different colors , create and browse color palettes , and experiment with color . Take the time to look at palettes others have created to see if there 's anything you like for your special day .
2 . The Perfect Palette : Love browsing through awesome wedding inspiration all related to color ? Well , the perfect palette is the place for you – search by color , see the latest trends , and discover the perfect colors for your big day .
3 . Kuler : Play with different color palettes , experiment with different colors , and discover what works together and what does n't . A fun tool to get ‘ into ' the world of color .
4 . Pinterest : Pinterest is simply the best . You can browse to see the color schemes of other weddings , see how people have styled their weddings based on color , and get inspired .
5 . Color Scheme Designer : This tool is the best ! If you want to see how different shades and tones of the same color look together , or find complementary colors , this color scheme designer will help you see color with fresh eyes .
Conserving the Eames House : A Case Study in Conservation
January 28 , 2015 : The Getty Conservation Institute will host a discussion on the first phase of the Eames House Conservation Project .
As the first phase of the Eames House Conservation Project draws to a close , join Kyle Normandin , associate principal with Wiss , Janney , Elstner Associates and former GCI project manager ; Lucia Dewey Atwood , director of the Eames Foundation 's 250 Year Project ; and Frank Escher of Escher GuneWardena Architecture , project architects for the phase one work , as they illuminate the critical role that science and investigation play in conservation .
They will discuss studies and conservation work completed at the Eames House to date—including analysis and treatment on tallowwood paneling , initial repairs to the building envelope , paint analysis , and investigation and replacement of the vinyl tile floor covering—as well as plans for the next phase of the project . Susan Macdonald , head of Field Projects at the GCI , will moderate the discussion .
Project Background
Sitting atop a bluff overlooking the Pacific Ocean , the Eames House and Studio ( Case Study House No . 8 ) , constructed by Charles and Ray Eames in 1949 , is an internationally renowned work of postwar , modern architecture . Designed as an experiment in the use of prefabricated materials in residential design , the house is celebrated as much for the diverse array of furnishings and objects that fill it as it is for its architectural innovations . It has been an inspiration to generations of architecture and design devotees .
Not surprisingly , after sixty-five years , the house and its interior collections are showing evidence of aging . In September 2011 , in order to facilitate conservation work , the Eames Foundation lent the contents of the living room to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art for the exhibit , California Design , 1930-1965 : “ Living in a Modern Way. ” This provided an opportunity to commence comprehensive investigations of the exterior envelope and interior of the house and catalyzed the Eames Foundation and the Getty Conservation Institute 's partnership . The Eames House Conservation Project aims to develop a long-range strategy for the ongoing conservation , maintenance , and display of the house , its contents , and its landscape .
The first phase of this project has encompassed general condition survey work , investigation and analysis of specific material issues , and climate monitoring to improve understanding of the environment in and around the house . The results of these investigations will be instrumental in the development of conservation and maintenance strategies for the house and its interior collections , as well as its surrounding landscape . They informed the conservation treatments carried out on targeted elements of the living room and building envelope during this project phase .
Event Details
January 28 , 2015
7:00 pm
Museum Lecture Hall , Getty Center
FREE event , but reservations are required . Make yours today !
A thoracic surgeon formerly from Edmonton claimed in a lawsuit he was forced out of his practice by Capital Health and two senior managers .
The statement of claim by Dr. Ciaran McNamee says his sanity and competency were questioned .
The lawsuit alleged he complained publicly to the governing Conservative caucus , the health minister and senior bureaucrats about surgery wait times and inadequate resources for his patients .
The allegations contained in a statement of claim set out a chronology of events which led to McNamee being `` forced '' out of his job as head of thoracic surgery for the Capital Health region and his teaching position at the University of Alberta .
In 2001 , McNamee sued Capital Health and two senior managers for $ 450,000 . The case was resolved outside court . McNamee declined to comment about what he received or even how the matter was resolved .
After leaving Alberta , McNamee was hired by Harvard University where he now teaches and conducts research . He also works as a surgeon at a top Boston-area hospital .
Dr. Ciaran McNamee now teaches at Harvard . ( Provided )
`` I am very glad to see that he is able to work in a free and collegial environment , '' Virginia May , his former lawyer said . `` As he would say , what is the responsibility of the physicians of our province ? It 's to work and advocate for their patients . But who is advocating for the physicians ? He now feels that he is supported where he is working and he did n't feel that way in Alberta . ''
May said the chronology of allegations would lead anyone to conclude McNamee was forced out after he stood up for his patients .
The allegations made in McNamee 's court case appear to at least partially mirror those made by Independent MLA Dr. Raj Sherman , an emergency physician , in the legislature last week .
MLA Dr. Raj Sherman reacts : `` This was n't the doctor I had spoken to but this is proof of the question that I raised in the house two weeks ago . We need to bring Dr. Ciaran McNamee here . We need to get him to testify under oath in a full public inquiry . ''
Sherman claimed 250 people died , many from lung cancer , while on a 1,200 patient waiting list for surgery around the middle of the last decade .
Sherman further claimed doctors who raised those issues `` were either punished or driven out of the province , or paid out in millions to buy their silence , and the costs buried in the books under the former Capital Health region . ''
May stressed McNamee has never met or spoken with Sherman and has no involvement in the politics surrounding this issue . McNamee first learned of the controversy from a CBC reporter last week .
Because the case did not go to trial , none of the allegations has been proven in court .
Surgeon fell out of favour
Through its chronology of events , the lawsuit implies a connection between McNamee 's complaints about sparse resources and surgery waiting lists and his abrupt departure from Capital Health and the university hospital .
McNamee was recruited to Edmonton to become the region 's head thoracic surgeon in February 1996 . In September 1998 , he received a letter of commendation from Dr. Stewart Hamilton , the University of Alberta 's chief of surgery , for his commitment to a heavy workload and research .
Independent MLA Dr. Raj Sherman has raised concerns about the health-care system . ( CBC ) The statement of claim alleged that in January 1999 , Dr. Bob Bear , the executive vice-president of Capital Health , sent McNamee a letter complimenting his leadership in the thoracic surgery department .
But as far back as late 1998 , in the midst of major funding cuts to health care by former premier Ralph Klein 's ruling Conservative government , McNamee began having concerns about surgery wait times .
The lawsuit stated that on Feb. 11 , 1999 , McNamee made a presentation to caucus , including Iris Evans , who would later become health minister , regarding his concern over inadequate resources being allocated to thoracic surgery patients in Alberta .
Following the meeting , Evans followed up in a discussion with McNamee in relation to the concerns he expressed , the document stated .
Met with deputy health minister
The statement of claim also alleged that on May 7 , 1999 , McNamee met with the deputy health minister to discuss problems with resources and thoracic surgery delivery .
The lawsuit claimed that two days later , McNamee `` received a letter from Dr. ( Bob ) Bear expressing concern about his meetings with government officials or other officials regarding advocating for thoracic surgery resources .
`` Dr. Bear stated in his letter … that Dr. McNamee 's advocacy would no longer be tolerated and that the Capital Health Authority was dealing with the issue on its own timeline . ''
On July 27 , 2000 , CHA appointed Dr. Tim Winton as the region 's new head of thoracic surgery . McNamee received no reason for his removal from the position .
`` Early in September 2000 , Dr. Bear and Dr. Winton , or either of them , falsely and maliciously represented to Dr. McNamee 's colleagues at the ( University of Alberta ) hospital and to CHA and hospital administration that Dr. McNamee was unfit to practice as a thoracic surgeon and that he should be suspended from practice , '' the court documents stated .
It is alleged they made allegations to McNamee 's wife and former secretary `` that Dr. McNamee was in need of emergency psychiatric care . ''
The lawsuit claimed Bear and Winton not only questioned McNamee 's clinical and surgical skills , they blamed him for poorly managing his surgery waiting list .
McNamee claimed that on Sept. 24 , 2000 , the CHA and the university `` forced '' him to withdraw from his clinical practice , teaching and administrative duties until the CHA was satisfied he could return to practice .
As part of McNamee 's contract , CHA could n't force him to withdraw without disclosing the nature of the allegations against him , and without giving him a proper practice review in which he would have a chance to respond to the allegations , the documents stated .
Commissioned independent review
McNamee hired a top Edmonton medical-litigation lawyer , who commissioned an independent review of McNamee 's practice by a senior Toronto surgeon .
The lawsuit said it found `` no evidence of gross malpractice to account for the sudden dismissal from the medical staff of the hospital or to suggest his practice conduct warranted loss of licensure . ''
McNamee also underwent a psychiatric assessment at the Rush Behavioural Centre in Illinois . The lawsuit said it found , `` there was no basis for the action the hospital had taken . ''
McNamee did not `` suffer from a major psychiatric illness . At the present time , there is no evidence he suffers from a major disorder of mood , thought , cognition , anxiety , impulse control or substance abuse-dependence .
`` Dr. McNamee is not believed ( to be ) impaired , and at the present time , considered appropriate to practise medicine with requisite competency , safety and skill . ''
In their statement of defence , Bear and Winton denied making false and malicious statements or acting in a high-handed or repressive manner . But they said if it was found they did , they were required to tell people at the CHA and hospital who should have that information .
They said they acted in good faith to help McNamee both personally and professionally .
The statement of defence also claimed McNamee had voluntarily left his positions .
Deana Brown believes that an anti-nausea drug she took in the first trimester of her pregnancy left her newborn deformed , and she wants GlaxoSmithKline ( GSK ) , its manufacturer , to pay for it .
“ GSK 's conduct was tantamount to using expectant mothers and their unborn children as human guinea pigs , ” an attorney for Brown alleges in a new lawsuit , filed in October in a U.S. District Court in Idaho .
But is GSK 's drug Zofran actually causing birth defects , or is it just a convenient target in a recurring anxiety over the medications used for morning sickness ? Without further research , the answers are still unclear but two things are certain : This is n't the first time that a drug like Zofran has come under fire , and it wo n't be the last.Brown 's daughter was born with amniotic band constriction and teratologic clubfoot deformity , conditions that affect the development of a child 's limbs , hands , and feet . In her lawsuit , Brown 's attorney alleges that GSK , one of the world 's largest drug companies , concealed a known risk of harm related to Zofran , and that “ her child would never [ have ] been injured ” if she had been warned of the drug 's alleged side effects .
Brown is n't alone in her mindset . By Courthouse News 's count , hers is the 193rd Zofran-related lawsuit filed this year alone . As of mid-October , cases like hers are now being consolidated into multidistrict litigation ( MDL ) in the District Court of Massachusetts , and law firms are rounding up plaintiffs .
But OB/GYNs tell The Daily Beast that the jury is still out on the link between birth defects and Zofran , and that widespread litigation could discourage drug manufacturers from developing necessary morning sickness medication for women who are left with few options .
The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) classifies Zofran as a Category B pregnancy drug , which means that the medication 's safety during pregnancy has been studied in animals but not in humans . The FDA advises , “ Because animal reproduction studies are not always predictive of human response , this drug should be used during pregnancy only if clearly needed . ”
On-label , Zofran is used to treat nausea and vomiting resulting from chemotherapy , but doctors have long prescribed the drug off-label for severe morning sickness . At present , there is only one FDA-approved medication for morning sickness : Diclegis , recently seen on Kim Kardashian 's Instagram , where the reality star promoted the drug without noting its side effects and received an FDA warning as a result .
Although off-label prescription is a common medical practice , drug companies are not allowed to promote products for uses that are not indicated by the FDA . And it is here that GSK has gotten itself into hot water in the past .
In 2012 , GSK “ agreed to plead guilty and to pay $ 3 billion to resolve its criminal and civil liability arising from the company 's unlawful promotion of certain prescription drugs , ” the Justice Department reported at the time . It was , they added , “ the largest healthcare fraud settlement in U.S. history and the largest payment ever by a drug company. ” In the settlement agreement , the U.S. claimed that GSK “ knowingly promoted the sale and use of Zofran for a variety of conditions other than those for which its use was approved as safe and effective by the FDA ( including hyperemesis or pregnancy-related nausea ) . ” The guilty plea was related to other drugs , but this claim was the basis for a portion of the company 's civil liabilities in the settlement .
This allegation is central to Brown 's case , and to many other lawsuits pending against GSK . But the settlement does not necessarily mean that the drug has been proven to cause birth defects .
Dr. Jennifer Gunter , a Bay Area OB/GYN , told The Daily Beast that she herself took Zofran for severe nausea during pregnancy and her son was born with a heart defect , but she does n't blame the drug for the outcome .
In a blog post about Zofran litigation , Gunter reviewed the conflicting research on the drug and wrote , “ Medications should never be the first line for nausea and vomiting . There are other things to try first , but for some women , like me , these things will fail and then every woman has to decide her individual risk-benefit ratio . ”
Gunter also fears the impact that litigation could have on the future of morning sickness medication : “ [ E ] very time some personal injury lawyer decides a potential slight increased risk from a conflicting study means ‘ let a jury decide , ' there is a direct negative effect on the willingness of companies to invest in studying morning sickness , and fewer doctors will be willing to prescribe anything except saltine crackers and sympathy . ”
Dr. Amy Tuteur , an OB/GYN and author who blogs at The Skeptical OB , largely agreed with Gunter 's assessment , telling The Daily Beast that “ Zofran can be a literal lifesaver , ” and one that should “ be available when other treatments fail. ” Women who are “ profoundly ill , ” Tuteur says , can not always tolerate Diclegis in treatment for hyperemesis gravidarum ( severe vomiting during pregnancy ) , and might opt to use Zofran instead .
“ The evidence linking Zofran to birth defects is limited , ” she said . “ Nonetheless it should be reserved for those who really need it , and there are some women who really need it . ”
Tuteur compared the current furor over Zofran to the widespread litigation around the drug Bendectin in the 1970s and 1980s . The controversy around that drug played out in a strikingly familiar fashion : hundreds of birth defect cases were consolidated into MDL based on unclear evidence . In 1983 , under an avalanche of over 300 lawsuits , manufacturer Merrell Dow voluntarily stopped making Bendectin , then the only FDA-approved morning sickness drug on the market .
Hospitalizations for nausea and vomiting during pregnancy ( NVP ) doubled after use of the drug stopped .
Then , in 1994 , large-scale meta analysis later determined that there was no increased risk of birth defects related to Bendectin and now , its active ingredients are— “ ironically , ” as Tuteur notes—back on the market in the form of Diclegis .
In August of this year , the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists ( ACOG ) updated its morning sickness guidelines and noted that “ further studies are warranted ” on Zofran use but concluded that evidence that the drug causes birth defects is still not definitive .
“ Thus , although some studies have shown an increased risk of birth defects with early ondansetron [ Zofran ] use , other studies have not and the absolute risk to any fetus is low , ” the ACOG update concluded . “ As with all medications , the potential risks and benefits should be weighed in each case . ”
The FDA reaffirmed Zofran 's classification as a Category B drug in a letter published October 27th , a GSK spokesperson told The Daily Beast . This letter came just two days before Brown 's suit was filed .
“ While we can not comment on any individual case , we believe that the general allegations in the recently filed lawsuits involving Zofran are entirely unfounded , ” the spokesperson said in a statement .
“ GSK fully respects the right of doctors to assess the health care needs of their patients and apply their own knowledge , training , and experience in deciding whether the therapeutic benefits of a medicine outweigh the potential risks in each patient , ” the statement continued .
Asked about the FDA classification of Zofran as a Category B drug , Aimee Wagstaff , an attorney for Brown , alleged that GSK had evidence from its own animal studies of “ several concerning trends related to fertility and fetal development ” tied to the use of Zofran but continued to “ launch and market ” the drug anyway .
“ If GSK was truly concerned about providing an option for women with severe morning sickness , GSK should actually study the effects of its own drug on pregnant women rather than subjecting unborn children and their families to unknown and untested side effects , ” Wagstaff said . “ Certainly GSK has the resources to conduct proper clinical trials prior to launching its product , its decision makers just chose not to . ”
Correction 11/4/15 8 : oo PM : A previous version of this article incorrectly attributed a quote from a 2012 settlement agreement to GSK rather than the U.S . The settlement is now described in greater detail .
Shanghai heat records broken . Credit : AFP Eight people have died of heatstroke across South Korea as of Sunday , while 867 people have been hospitalised , according to the Central Disaster and Safety Countermeasures Headquarters . Seventeen people in Japan were killed by heatstroke between August 7 and August 11 , according to the Fire and Disaster Management Agency , with more than 9,800 in the hospital for treatment . Critical period In China , at least 11 people have died from heatstroke since July , the Shanghai Daily reported at the start of the month 1 , citing local authorities .
South Korea 's power sector under the pump . Credit : AFP “ The hot summer this year is not a result of human activities , but it is true we have increasingly hotter summers and global warming is in the background , ” said Takehiko Mikami , a climatology professor at Teikyo University in Tokyo . The record temperatures are a result of multilayered high pressure systems extending over much of the region , including Japan , South Korea and China , Kenji Okada , a forecaster at the Japan Meteorological Agency , said today . “ Descending air currents get heated when compressed by many layers of high pressure , ” Okada said . “ A lack of low pressure between the layers makes it difficult to create clouds , preventing temperatures from falling even at night . Normally , temperatures are reset by the next morning , but that is n't happening now. ” The pattern will remain for some time , Okada said . Pressure on utilities
In South Korea 's case , the three days through to Wednesday are considered to be the most critical . Demand may peak at 80,500 megawatts on Tuesday , while supply is forecast at 77,130 megawatts , leaving the country 3,370 megawatts short , the energy ministry said yesterday in an e-mailed statement . South Korea 's Yoon on Sunday urged public institutions , companies and households to cut power usage as much as possible from 10 a.m. through 6 p.m. during those three days . The heat wave heightens pressure on utilities , particularly in Japan and Korea where safety concerns have prompted the shuttering of nuclear power stations . Two of South Korea 's 23 reactors were halted earlier this year and the restart of another was delayed when safety certificates for components used at the facilities were found to be faked . In Japan , all but two of the nation 's reactors are shut following the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami . Electricity demand rises
In Japan , the absence of nuclear power has forced utilities to turn to conventional fossil fuels . Tokyo Electric Power , the operator of the wrecked Fukushima Dai-Ichi atomic plant , almost doubled coal consumption in July after turning to coal- fired plants to meet customer needs . Demand for electricity in Tokyo Electric 's service areas reached 50,930 megawatts on Aug. 9 , the highest this fiscal year , according to data on the utility 's website . Tepco , as the utility is known , estimates power demand may reach 90 percent of capacity in the two weeks through August 23 , it said August 9 on its website . Tepco , which has about 29 million customers in Metropolitan Tokyo , will seek electricity supplies from other companies and postpone maintenance at thermal and hydro power plants should demand spike , spokeswoman Kaoru Suzuki said by phone today . Reserve margins Japan 's utilities have so far been able to keep their reserve margins - generating capacity not used to satisfy demand - at higher than 3 percent , which is considered the lower limit for a stable electricity supply , said Takehiro Kawahara , an analyst with Bloomberg New Energy Finance .
“ If the heat wave continues and the reserve margin becomes less than 3 percent , the national government and utilities will probably need to commit to more energy-saving efforts , asking businesses and consumers to save electricity , ” Kawahara said . The heat wave hit in force as millions of Tokyo residents left the city for home towns and villages for the o-bon summer holidays , when many companies and businesses shut for the week . In Onjuku , a town on the east coast of Chiba prefecture about 100 kilometres from Tokyo , thousands of visitors have packed the town 's beaches to cool off . In Tokyo 's Otematchi financial district , the mercury reached 38.3 degrees Celsius on August 11 , the fourth-highest on record for the area , according to agency data . Power production
An increase in Shanghai 's residential water tariffs has been postponed by a month to September 1 as high temperatures are expected to continue , the government said in a statement on its website . Some residents of the city have turned to social media to call for the government to lower electricity prices . Elsewhere in China , Hefei , Hangzhou , Xi'an and Chongqing cities have opened local air-raid shelters for citizens to keep cool , the Xinhua News Agency reported July 2 , citing people it did n't identify . Seven provinces in China had record-high power production in July due to heat waves in east and southwest China , according to a July 29 statement on the website of State Grid Corp. of China , the nation 's dominant power distributor . China 's power production increased to an all-time high in July . Electricity generation climbed 8.1 percent to 479.5 billion kilowatt-hours last month , data from the National Bureau of Statistics in Beijing showed Aug. 9 , the highest monthly figure on record . Temperatures are expected to rise to 35 degrees or higher again on Tuesday in much of Japan including the Kyushu and Shikoku islands , according to Japan 's meteorological agency .
“ We expect both maximum and minimum temperature will be higher than average or much higher in some locations , ” the agency said today in its weekly forecast . The agency began issuing heat advisories two years ago to warn of heatstroke amid a push across Japan to save energy following the Fukushima nuclear accident . Bloomberg
Probably true , although mostly not for the reason that Donald Trump stated in today 's morning tweetstorm . After watching the ObamaCare repeal effort — such as it was — go down to defeat in the Senate yesterday , the president vented his spleen at Mitch McConnell over the filibuster . “ Go to 51 votes NOW and WIN , ” Trump urged , just one day after the Senate Majority Leader could n't quite make it to 50 :
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 votes NOW ! It is killing the R Party , allows 8 Dems to control country . 200 Bills sit in Senate . A JOKE ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2017
The very outdated filibuster rule must go . Budget reconciliation is killing R 's in Senate . Mitch M , go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN . IT 'S TIME ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2017
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they do n't go to a 51 vote majority NOW . They look like fools and are just wasting time…… — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2017
Budget reconciliation refers to two major agenda items — ObamaCare repeal and tax reform . While the former flopped , the latter seems to be on pace for more success . Republican factions all support tax reform in both the corporate and individual codes , while still not quite firm on the details . Depending on how tax reform gets structured , there is clearly more opportunity to appeal to moderate Democrats than there ever was on repealing ObamaCare , which had always been a bright line for Democrats . But those can already pass with 51 votes , and Republicans have 52 . The problem they 've had is n't the budget reconciliation process . What 's “ killing R 's in Senate ” is the GOP , which has been unable to unify so far on ObamaCare . Eliminating the filibuster rule would n't have made much difference except to allow for a total repeal , which would have probably gotten no more than the 43 votes it got in the amendment vote-a-rama this week .
Trump has a somewhat better argument on non-reconciliation bills :
….8 Dems totally control the U.S. Senate . Many great Republican bills will never pass , like Kate 's Law and complete Healthcare . Get smart ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2017
Actually , eight Democrats did n't “ totally control ” it this week . Republicans could have passed the slimy shell bill of “ skinny repeal ” on their own , and Democrats could n't have done anything about it . Democrats also could n't do anything except slow down confirmations of Trump 's appointees , and the slowdowns have nothing to do with the filibuster . Trump still argues that the filibuster is dead anyway — it 's a question of timing and benefits :
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance , they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute . They are laughing at R 's . MAKE CHANGE ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) July 29 , 2017
That argument gets made frequently , but Democrats did have that option from 2007 to 2014 and never quite pulled the trigger , even when Barack Obama grew frustrated with what he called Republican obstructionism . Harry Reid took the nuclear option only so far , limiting his filibuster reform to presidential appointments . That maneuver backfired spectacularly on Democrats this year when they could n't stop any of Trump 's political appointments except Andy Puzder , and then only because he lost some Republican support for Labor Secretary .
Democrats should have learned a lesson from that experience , but Republicans certainly did . Sixty-one Senators signed a letter pledging to vote against any rule change on the legislative filibuster earlier this year , split just about evenly between the parties . It 's a non-starter even if McConnell was in favor of the idea , and McConnell has repeatedly told Trump that the legislative filibuster is not up for debate . Given its non-sequitur status to what took place this week , do n't look for it to come up again .
Mike Huckabee had a different solution for what plagued the Senate this week . Echoing a long-standing item on the conservative wish list , Huckabee called for the repeal of the 17th Amendment requiring direct elections of Senators :
Time to repeal 17th Amendment . Founders had it right-Senators chosen by state legislatures . Will work for their states and respect 10th amid — Gov . Mike Huckabee ( @ GovMikeHuckabee ) July 28 , 2017
This is a better idea than eliminating the filibuster for several reasons , the best of which acts against Huckabee 's argument , at least in terms of ObamaCare . The original Constitution envisioned the Senate as a legislative chamber oriented to the interests of the states , while the House would be oriented to the interests of the people . When states chose Senators through state legislatures , that incentive remained in place , but the 17th Amendment changed the constituencies from state-oriented to popular . Federalism would be much better served by a return to the original design , as states would have a much more effective platform from which to defend their sovereignty and prerogatives .
Unfortunately for Huckabee and this situation , the states had even more incentive to keep ObamaCare than the popular electorate . A repeal would have dried up additional Medicaid funding for the expansion population , which would have forced the states to either get more efficient at managing it or to reverse the expansion — neither of which would have been popular . Thirty-one states adopted the expansion ( as did Washington DC , which has no vote in Congress ) , including a number of Republican-majority states . The governors in those states have been actively lobbying against repeal if it includes Medicaid reforms or a full repeal of the expansion . A 17th-Amendment Senate might not have had 40 votes for repeal in any form , let alone the 49 that McConnell managed to rustle up yesterday morning . The best that can be said for Huckabee 's proposal in this context is that a 17th-Amendment Senate might not have passed ObamaCare in the first place .
The failure of ObamaCare repeal this week is n't due to the 17th Amendment or the filibuster . The window for a full repeal closed in the 2012 election , when Republicans failed to win the White House and stop ObamaCare before it rolled out . The world has changed , and Republicans have to work harder and smarter to pursue free-market reforms in a much more hostile environment . There are no shortcuts left any more .
Paul Manafort AP Photo/Mary Altaffer President Donald Trump 's former campaign chairman , Paul Manafort , poured millions of dollars into real-estate deals brokered by his son-in-law , Jeff Yohai . Those investments came through shell companies that are now being scrutinized by federal investigators , according to The New York Times .
It is unclear if the FBI is examining the web of financial transactions as part of its investigation into whether any Trump associates colluded with Russia during the election , the Times reported .
Manafort 's tendency to form shell companies — while not illegal — to purchase real estate has raised questions about how much he has been paid throughout the decades he 's spent as a political consultant , and by whom .
Last August , The New York Times discovered that a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine designated $ 12.7 million in undisclosed cash payments for Manafort , who had advised the party and its former leader , Viktor Yanukovych , for nearly a decade .
The ledger , and Manafort 's activities in Ukraine more broadly , have come under scrutiny since Yanukovych was ousted in 2014 . Manafort was associated with at least 15 bank accounts and 10 companies in Cyprus , dating back to 2007 , NBC reported in March . ( One of those companies , PEM Advisors Limited , was paid nearly $ 20 million by Russian billionaire Oleg Deripaska as part of a business partnership between Deripaska and Manafort that ultimately fell through . )
Manafort has insisted that he has never received any illicit cash payments . But he has a `` pattern '' of using shell companies to purchase homes `` in all-cash deals , '' as WNYC has reported , and then transferring those properties into his own name for no money and taking out large mortgages against them .
Those include his Trump Tower apartment in Manhattan , which he bought in 2006 via `` John Hannah LLC '' ; a condo in lower Manhattan that he bought in 2012 via `` MC Soho Holdings LLC '' ; and a Brooklyn townhouse that he bought in 2013 via `` MC Brooklyn Holdings . '' The loan for the townhouse at 377 Union Street was personally guaranteed by Yohai and Manafort 's daughter , Jessica .
Manafort engaged in several joint ventures with Yohai , documents show . Those include a real-estate business in California that relied on largely , if not entirely , on shell companies Yohai had formed `` to purchase luxury properties in the Hollywood Hills , worth tens of millions of dollars , '' according to the Times .
A lawsuit filed in November 2016 against Yohai by Manhattan-based photographer Guy Aroch — an investor in Yohai 's business — alleged that he operates `` a web of dozens of LLCs and other entities throughout the United States , which purport to invest in real estate and other ventures in New York and California . ''
`` As the son-in-law of Paul Manafort - Donald Trump 's former campaign manager - Yohai has had the opportunity to meet numerous public figures and celebrities , many of whom he has successfully convinced to invest in his businesses , '' the complaint reads .
`` Typically , Yohai promises his investors a quick and large return on their investments , '' it continues . `` When this promised financial performance fails to materialize and investors express their concern , Yohai simply recruits new investors to newly established LLCs - with the same claims of quick success - and repays his earlier investors with these incoming funds . In this regard , Yohai is believed to be operating a Ponzi scheme . ''
Manafort 's daughters openly discussed how `` shady '' Yohai was , and that their father did business with him , in hacked text messages that Manafort confirmed were authentic in a statement to Politico earlier this year . The texts were posted on a Ukrainian hacking collective 's website .
In the messages between Jessica Manafort and her sister , Andrea , cited by the Times and reviewed by Business Insider , Jessica wrote of her father : `` In my opinion what he has done for me and Jeff is far beyond adequate . ... He flew out to California and helped Jeff completely reorganize and set up his business . And he has been a mentor to [ Jeff ] . ''
Andrea replied that that was only because her father `` did n't want to bail Jeff out again '' so felt that he had to monitor his business dealings .
In another conversation , Jessica wrote `` you do realize dad and Jeff [ Yohai ] are business partners . ''
`` Nope , not how it 's been explained to me , '' Andrea replied . `` I 've been told Dad is meant to supervise Jeff [ because ] he is a liability . ''
`` There is a contract that says dad and him [ Yohai ] are 50/50 business partners , '' Jessica said .
As the Times reported , Yohai frequently implied that he had access to large amounts of cash . After Yohai appeared on an episode of Million Dollar Listing in July 2016 and offered to buy three New York City apartments for $ 15 million , Andrea wrote in a text to a friend that Yohai did n't have that kind of cash .
`` Her hubby is running a Ponzi scheme , '' Andrea wrote , referring to Yohai . `` I 'm sure of it . ''
Following weeks of accusations made against him , Sen. Al Franken has announced he is stepping down at the end of the year .
“ I am proud that during my time the Senate I have used my power to be a champion of women and that I have earned a reputation as someone who respects the women I work alongside every day . I know there 's been a very different picture of me painted over the last few weeks , but I know who I really am , ” Franken said on the U.S. Senate floor Thursday morning .
“ Serving in the United States Senate has been a great honor of my life . I know in my heart that nothing I have done as a Senator , nothing , has brought this honor on this institution and I am confident that the ethics committee would agree . Nevertheless today I am announcing that in the coming weeks I will be resigning as a member of the United States Senate , ” Franken added . “ Even today , on the worst political day of my life , I feel like it 's all been worth it . ”
On Wednesday , more than a dozen Democrats in the U.S. Senate all called on Franken to resign , including neighboring Wisconsin 's Sen. Tammy Baldwin .
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand wrote on Facebook that while Franken is entitled to have the Ethics Committee conclude its review , “ I believe it would be better for our country if he sent a clear message that any kind of mistreatment of women in our society is n't acceptable by stepping aside to let someone else serve . ”
Sens . Mazie Hirono of Hawaii , Maggie Hassan of New Hampshire , Patty Murray of Washington state and Claire McCaskill of Missouri also joined those pressing for Franken to quit , among others .
“ I of all people am aware that there is some irony that I am leaving while a man who has bragged on tape that his history of sexual assault sits in the Oval Office and a man who has repeatedly preyed on young girls campaigns for the Senate with the full support of his party , ” Franken said . “ Over the last few weeks a number of women have come forward to talk about how they felt my actions affected them . I was shocked , I was upset . But in responding to their claims , I also wanted to be respectful of that broader conversation , because all women deserve to be heard and their experiences taken seriously . I think that was the right thing to do . I also think it gave some people the false impression that I was admitting to doing things that in fact I had n't done . Some of the allegations against me are simply not true , others I remember very differently . ”
Sources tell WCCO 's Pat Kessler that Minnesota 's lieutenant governor , Tina Smith , leads the list of potential Franken replacements until Minnesotans elect a replacement in 2018 . That replacement would serve until 2020 , when Franken was due for re-election .
Earlier on Wednesday , another woman came forward in Politico with allegations against Franken . The publication is withholding the name of the former congressional staffer who says Franken tried to kiss her in 2006 .
Franken released a statement almost in conjunction with the release of the report saying he categorically denies this incident happened , which was a bit of a change from what he has said in the other instances .
This latest accuser was a Democratic congress member 's staffer in 2006 when she says Franken tried to kiss her when the two were alone and when she ducked he said “ it 's my right as an entertainer . ”
“ I do n't want to be in the position of deciding whether to tell this story but I 'm not the person who put me in that position . He did that , ” the woman said . “ I think for this moment in time to lead to meaningful change there has to be more than ‘ I 'm ashamed but I remember things differently ' accounting . ”
Franken responded : “ This allegation is categorically not true and the idea that I would claim this as my right as an entertainer is preposterous . I look forward to fully cooperating with the ongoing ethics committee investigation . ”
The accusations began with Leeann Tweeden , who in mid-November said Franken groped her while she slept and forcibly kissed her during a skit rehearsal . Since then , women have come forward alleging Franken inappropriately touched them on the back side during photos .
When WCCO 's Esme Murphy sat down with Franken late last month in Washington , before this latest allegation , Franken repeatedly said he did not recall the instances the way his accusers did but that he was sorry .
“ I understand I am going to have to do everything I can go forward to be enormously sensitive , I apologize to these women , ” Franken said .
Franken earlier said he agreed to cooperate with a Senate Ethics Committee investigation into his behavior . Last week , Senate officials confirmed that investigation was already underway .
Also this week , Time Magazine honored all who have broken their silence recently about being sexually assaulted or harassed in the past , calling “ the silence breakers ” their Person of the Year .
( © Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Thomas J. Spota , the Suffolk County district attorney , announced his resignation on Thursday , one day after being charged with trying to derail a federal investigation into a brutal assault by his onetime protégé , the county 's former police chief .
In a brief statement , Mr. Spota said he planned to step down as district attorney “ at the earliest opportunity after the resolution of normal administrative matters relating to my retirement. ” Having faced scrutiny for years in the obstruction case , Mr. Spota , 76 , had already said that he would not run for re-election in November .
Even though he had only a few months left in his term , Mr. Spota 's announcement brought a note of closure to his legal career . He became the district attorney in Suffolk County , a diverse jurisdiction that encompasses both working-class villages and wealthy enclaves like the Hamptons , in 2002 and initially earned praise for prosecuting corrupt local officials and leading a probe into the Roman Catholic Church 's handling of pedophile priests . But more recently , he found himself under scrutiny by federal agents who were investigating a bizarre attack on a criminal suspect carried out by his friend and the county 's police chief at the time , James Burke .
In December 2012 , a heroin user named Christopher Loeb , who financed his habit by breaking into cars , broke into Mr. Burke 's car and walked off with a bag that contained sex toys and pornographic DVDs . Apparently enraged by the theft , Mr. Burke assaulted Mr. Loeb after he was arrested and shackled to the floor of a police station . The Federal Bureau of Investigation launched an inquiry into the attack , resulting last year in Mr. Burke pleading guilty to the beating and ultimately being sentenced to 46 months in prison .
We 're less than a month away from the start of the playoffs , and the Nets and Raptors are locked up in a battle for the top spot in the Atlantic Division . So , naturally both teams are engaged and focused on not only winning the Division but possibly matching up in the playoffs with the hopes of advancing .
Stefan Bondy of the Daily News caught up with an often honest Andray Blatche to ask him about his thoughts on Raptors wing Terrence Ross saying that he would rather his team matchup against the Nets in the first round and , as you would imagine , Blatche did not hold back in responding to Ross .
And when he heard about Toronto 's Terrence Ross saying last week that he 'd prefer Brooklyn , Blatche said the 23-year-old Ross was fooling himself . `` S -- - , you better be careful what tree you bark up . He better be careful , '' Blatche told the Daily News . `` He 's probably just saying that because he had a good game against us . But I do n't think that 's really what he meant or what he really , really wants . ''
Ross also took a shot at the Nets ' pick-and-roll defense and Kevin Garnett , who Ross says `` sets illegal screens and never gets caught . ''
Blatche told Bondy that he does n't care who the Nets play in the first round , and that he thinks Brooklyn is playing the `` best basketball in the Eastern Conference right now , '' which is in line with what Paul Pierce and others have said .
The Nets enter Wednesday night 1.5 games behind the Raptors for first place in the Atlantic and 4th in the Eastern Conference .
Dallas Cowboys cornerback Orlando Scandrick suffered a broken bone in his left hand in the second quarter of Sunday 's 19-3 season-opening victory against the New York Giants .
He will have surgery Monday morning and is expected miss next Sunday 's game against the Denver Broncos .
Scandrick said he should be back for the Sept. 25 matchup against the Arizona Cardinals .
Owner Jerry Jones was of similar agreement , saying the injury was something Scandrick could play with and he would n't be out long .
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
“ It looks like they could do some work on it Monday and possibly have him ready for future games , ” Jones said . “ It 's something they will cast up . I 'm not trying to be dismissive but something I could hope or think he could play with . All I know is they will have to do some procedure and probably give him some protection . ”
Scandrick missed four games in 2016 and all 16 in 2015 .
Scandrick , named team captain for the first time in his career , is the best and most experienced member of the secondary . Getting him back as quickly possible is important for the Cowboys going forward .
But the secondary held up quite well without him against quarterback Eli Manning and the Giants receivers Sunday night .
Anthony Brown moved to the nickel with rookie Chido Awuzie handling the outside corner spot opposite Nolan Carroll .
Brown came up with the game-sealing play with an interception of Manning with 7:48 left in the fourth quarter .
The Cowboys turned into a field goal and the Giants never threatened again .
Pretty much every genre of film is different today than it was decades ago . But the two genres that seem to suffer the most from feeling dated are horror and comedy . There are plenty of things that are n't as scary or as funny as they were to audiences during what was then the present day . The same thing will happen with films released today as time goes on .
But thanks to the magic of video and the internet , we can take a peek through time and see what scared audiences over 40 years ago . It was the year 1973 , and The Exorcist was one of the most controversial horror movies ever made . People were scared out of their minds when this movie hit theaters , passing out during screenings , leaving early because they were unable to endure the horror . And if you want to know what this phenomenon was like , a cool video has surfaced showing how people were affected by this movie . Watch audiences react to The Exorcist after the jump !
The AV Club dug up this news broadcast footage from 1973 featuring interviews with movie goers who had just seen The Exorcist . This movie was so scary that theater owners had smelling salt on hand to wake up those who passed out during the movie . Those who were asked about the film afterwards even have trouble talking about why it 's so scary without feeling the fear that they felt in theaters . And these are just the brave souls who stayed through the whole movie , while there were plenty who just walked out .
It 's crazy to think that it was The Exorcist that caused this much uproar . While the film is a certified horror classic , audiences used to today 's traditional terror would n't even bat an eye at what 's on display in The Exorcist . But it was one of the first movies of its kind , dealing with possession and exorcism before it became derivative and cliche . People had never seen anything like it .
If you want to see more of the cultural impact that The Exorcist had on viewers and the horror genre , check out this extended , vintage look back at how the film was perceived and covered by the news , complete with interviews with director William Friedkin and author William Peter Blatty :
There 's been several times that my mother has recalled what it was like to see The Exorcist in theaters , and she was pretty young to be seeing a movie like that at the time . She maintains that it was one of the scariest movies she 's ever seen in a theater , and it 's cool to get an idea of what it was like to be part of this horror milestone when it was released .
Have you seen The Exorcist ? Did you find it scary ? What 's the scariest movie you 've seen in theaters ?
dodgerfan_nyc @ yahoo.com Hi , i 'd like the link myself , please .
just sent it to yaAlso just so I do n't have to explain to anyone else who might want it , the title might say it 's for 9850 but it 's actually 9930 . Also here are the general directions : To install it you need to:1 . Unzip the file on your computer.2 . Attach your phone to the computer using a USB cable and choose to attach it as USB storage.3 . Find the unzipped folder ( it will be called Spotify-web-4e9d39af ) and copy it onto your phone somewhere.4 . Detach the cable.5 . On the phone , go to the Media folder and press the Menu button and select Explore.6 . Find the folder you copied onto the phone and in that folder select Spotify.jad.7 . That will start the installation , so just follow the instructions from there .
Effective this week , members of the National Football League can be punished for posting video content to social media during a game .
Teams and its players are no longer allowed to record inside the stadium and post in online forums like Facebook Live , and Periscope , according to ESPN .
The new guidelines will be part of the NFL 's more comprehensive social media policy .
The first violation of the rule will cost a team $ 25,000 , a second violation will lead to a $ 50,000 fine , and a penalty of $ 100,000 would be exacted for each additional offense .
Teams are also forbidden from posting highlights from television to social media , or transforming those highlights into animated GIFS .
League executives , like Commissioner Roger Goodell , want highlights to only be made available through the teams ' official website so that the NFL can maintain oversight over the circulation of content .
Teams were also provided an update on unsportsmanlike conduct penalties , which have been issued at a 55.6 percent rate increase so far this season .
“ The bottom line is that there 's many , many kids out there that are NFL fans that are playing football , ” Dean Blandino , NFL senior vice president of officiating , said in the video presented to team this week .
“ And they see our athletes and they mimic what they do . We would n't want some of these things out on the youth football field . We have a high standard in the NFL , and we 're going to maintain that standard . ”
Josh Norman , star cornerback for the Washington Redskins , was fined $ 9,115 for celebrating an interception with a bow-and-arrow shooting rendition , reports ESPN .
Follow Eric on Twitter
Send tips to eric @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience . For licensing opportunities of our original content , please contact licensing @ dailycallernewsfoundation.org .
I think it would be difficult to disagree that modern-day Protestantism , especially in America , is a pastiche of different beliefs and practices that have been invented , accepted , rejected , switched around , and so forth over the past five centuries . Yet , with the exception of “ Anglo- Catholics ” and “ Evangelical Catholics , ” these various and often dissonant streams of thought generally seem to be an agreement on one point in particular : that even though Jesus was born from a Virgin ( as the Virgin Birth protects the Divinity of Christ ) , God had no use for Mary after Jesus ' birth , and so we should n't have a use for her , either .
In the English-speaking Protestant world , this anti-Marian attitude developed sometime during the years between 1550 and 1729 ( the time between Calvin 's Institutes and Conyers Middleton 's A Letter from Rome , the first fully-developed Protestant attempt to link any given Catholic practice descends from such-and-such a Pagan one ) . Yet , what may come as a surprise to the majority of Catholics and Protestants alike , is that the Reformers themselves were not at all anti-Marian . Although they did not favor invocation to the Blessed Mother , nor did they support the idea of coming to her as an Intercessor or Mediatrix – that would be in direct conflict with the doctrines of Solus Christus and Soli Deo Gloria – we must keep in mind that they still held a place of honor for her in their hearts , which is far from the “ Concubine of God : Use Her and Lose Her ” mentality tacitly expressed in much of modern-day American Protestantism .
Calvin , in his Bible Commentary on John 2:1-11 [ 1 ] , makes use of this passage to mount a “ full frontal assault ” on the Catholic custom of devotion to Mary , but we must keep this in the context that Calvin was one to take cheap shots at his opponents any time he saw a chance . Far from being unique to his own style , this was merely a common tactic of the age ; controversialists on all sides routinely took pot-shots at each other at any available opportunity . Yet he also refers to her , in his commentary on this passage , as “ the holy Virgin , ” and in his Bible Commentary on Matthew 13:55 [ 2 ] , he seems to anticipate the most common modern attack ( from his own descendants , the Reformed Protestants , no less ! ) on the doctrine of Mary 's perpetual virginity .
The verse , along with Mark 6:3 , mentions that Jesus had “ brothers , ” and modern Protestants use these verses to “ prove ” that Mary was not a virgin after Jesus ' birth . Calvin takes the correct response to such uninformed litteralism by holding up the manner the word “ brother ” is used in the Bible . He says : “ The word ‘ brothers , ' we have formerly mentioned , is employed , agreeably to the Hebrew idiom , to denote any relatives whatever ; and , accordingly , Helvidius displayed excessive ignorance in concluding that Mary must have had many sons , because Christ 's brothers are sometimes mentioned . ”
As an aside , I would mention that not only is Calvin 's reasoning correct , as the Old Testament is replete with the use of the word “ brother ” in reference to other relatives , but that in the New Testament for example John 19:25 , that the mother of James and Joset is actually the Blessed Mother 's sister , “ Mary the wife of Cleopas. ” In Acts 1:12-15 we have the number of “ brothers of Jesus ” amount to 120 , which would be a lot of brothers for anyone ! So we find ourselves led to the conclusion that the “ brothers ” of Jesus refer not to his biological brothers , but rather to his cousins and , later , his followers .
Back to Calvin , even though he saw devotion to Mary as superstitious and idolatrous , and he refused to allow images or statues in any event , he agrees with some points of modern Catholic Mariology in that he sees her outright submission to God as an example to be followed by true Christians . In Book II , Chapter 14:4 of his Institutes of the Christian Religion [ 3 ] , he is also firm in denouncing Nestorius ' teaching that Mary should not be called the “ Mother of God. ” ( Though this is most likely because the title “ Theotokos/Mother of God ” protects Christ 's divinity , more so than any special honor to the Mother herself . )
Hence , while it must be realized that everything he says must be kept in light of his model of double predestination and attempted emphasis on the sovereignty of God , we would do equally well to realize that even in this most prolific and antagonistic of the Reformers , the Blessed Mother received none of the derision and scorn placed upon her by many who would call themselves Reformed Protestants today .
From Calvin , who can be considered one of the “ second generation ” of the Reformers , let us go back in time to the first generation of the Reformed Tradition , notably in the person of Ulrich Zwingli . According to some , Calvin tried to find a middle ground between the differences between Luther 's and Zwingli 's theologies , but here Zwingli basically agrees with Calvin . If we were to look at the “ Zwingli 's Works ” ( Zwingli Opera ) section of the Corpus Reformatorum [ 4 ] , we find Zwingli saying essentially the same things as Calvin .
In one place , Zwingli defends Mary 's perpetual virginity by saying that : “ I firmly believe that Mary , according to the words of the gospel as a pure Virgin brought forth for us the Son of God and in childbirth and after childbirth forever remained a pure , intact Virgin. ” [ 5 ] While in another place , he says that the proper way to honor Mary is to honor Christ : “ The more the honor and love of Christ increases among men , so much the esteem and honor given to Mary should grow. ” [ 6 ] As there is so much agreement with what has been said already , a lenghty discussion of Zwingli 's Mariology need not detain us here , save to comment that just as in the case of Calvin ,
Zwinglian Mariology must be viewed within the context of the doctrine of Solus Christus , and both could be seen , though without the veneration of her , to have at least some agreement with the Montfortian formula : Ad Jesum Per Mariam !
Let us leave behind the realm of the Reformed theologians , though , and enter into the camp of those who first called themselves “ Evangelical , ” but who soon became known as “ Lutheran. ” We should probably start here by saying that in its basic essence , the core of Luther 's Mariology was not much different from Zwingli 's or Calvin 's , in the sense that he saw her as an example for Christian behavior , he saw her as the Mother of God , and he likewise defended her Perpetual Virginity , rightly referring to Jesus ' supposed brothers as “ his cousins . ”
His Commentary on the Magnificat is also a great source for his Marian theology , wherein he makes a break with Zwingli and Calvin in these words : “ That is why I said Mary does not desire to be an idol ; she does nothing , God does all . We ought to call upon her , that for her sake God may grant and do what we request . Thus also all other saints are to be invoked , so that the work may be every way God 's alone. ” [ 7 ]
This is in contrast with anything else he has to say regarding the invocation of the Saints or even of the Blessed Mother , yet it is here , in his writings . This may perhaps be the result of the fact that he never fully fleshed out his own stance on the Blessed Mother 's place in the economy of salvation , or perhaps he simply felt there were other things he needed to teach the people first . What we can draw from this , though , is that even though ( elsewhere in his writings ) he may not approve of the direct veneration of Mary , it would appear that he did not proscribe such a thing when kept in a manner that did not detract from the glory due to God . Again , however , the words of St. Louis ring loudly in our ears : Ad Jesum Per Mariam !
There are others I could mention in this discussion , such as the Anglicans under and after Cranmer ( who generally followed the Reformed view ) , and John Wesley ( who also supported the doctrine of Perpetual Virginity ) , and others . But what should interest us , however , is how vastly different these earlier Protestant depictions of Mary are from the depictions heard amongst many Protestants today .
According to Mariology.com [ 8 ] , a possible reason for this break in continuity could be : “ We might wonder why the Marian affirmations of the Reformers did not survive in the teaching of their heirs – particularly the Fundamentalists . This break with the past did not come through any new discovery or revelation . The Reformers themselves ( see above ) took a benign even positive view of Marian doctrine – although they did reject Marian mediation because of their rejection of all human mediation . Moreover , while there were some excesses in popular Marian piety , Marian doctrine as taught in the pre-Reformation era drew its inspiration from the witness of Scripture and was rooted in Christology . The real reason for the break with the past must be attributed to the iconoclastic passion of the followers of the Reformation and the consequences of some Reformation principles . Even more influential in the break with Mary was the influence of the Enlightenment Era which essentially questioned or denied the mysteries of faith . ”
Of the Enlightenment Era , I plan to discuss in more detail if I ever manage to get back to my series of essays on how Neo-Pagan thought was influenced by Enlightenment-era and 19th-Century Liberal Protestantism , especially as it had a direct effect not only on later developments in Protestant Mariology ( especially in the English-speaking world ) , but also on the way that Protestants view Catholics , how Neo-Pagans view Christians , and how Atheists view the entire lot . Yet we could also bear in mind that at the time , the proto-Reformers took to concentrating their efforts on what they saw as abuses within the Church , and since the Marian doctrines discussed here were universally agreed not to be abuses , they generally left well enough alone ( save for where pot- shots could be made against the Catholic Church ) . As a result , their descendants were left in a world where Marian theology was thoroughly divorced from Marian devotion , and therefore when the Rationalists came to invade the Camp of Christ , it was his Mother who was left the most vulnerable .
Yet if we put aside the descendants of the so-called “ Radical Reformation , ” it would seem that in at least some small pockets of some of the mainline churches , devotion to Mary has been making a slow but steady comeback for the past century . May we pray God that this tendency will extend itself to these other churches as well , and that our “ separated brethren ” will come to know the Mother of God as strongly and as wonderfully as we do !
This article first appeared on my old Agostinal Reflections blog in 2009 . The version here is the second edition , printed and distributed as a sermon aid for the Feast of the Assumption , 2011 . All dates and citations have been retained .
ENDNOTES AND LINKS TO SOURCES :
Calvin , John . Bible Commentary on John 2:11 . Retrieved 8/19/2009 http : //www.ccel.org/osis/xml/calvin-calcom34.xml # viii.i
2 . Calvin , John . Commentary on Matthew 13:55 . Retrieved 8/19/2009 http : //www.cceorg/ccel/calvin/calcom32.ii.xxxix.html # ii.xxxix-p19.1
3 . Calvin , John . Institiutes of the Christian Religion . Retrieved 8/19/2009 http : //www.cceorg/ccel/calvin/institutes.iv.xv.html
The Corpus Reformatorum is still in the process of being digitized at Google Books , and not entirely online as of this writing . Thus I will give citations to where particular quotes may be found , and point to a link at the Internet Archive , ( retrieved 8/11/2011 ) which is found at : http : //www.archive.org/details/corpusreformato01bretgoog
Zwingli Opera , Corpus Reformatorum , Volume I , p. 424 .
6 . Ibid . Volume I , pp . 427-428 .
7 . Luther , Martin . Commentary on the Magnifica Retrieved 8/19/2009 http : //www.godrules.net/library/luther/NEW1luther_c5.htm
Mariology.com . The Protestant Reformers and Mary . Retrieved 8/19/2009 . http : //www.mariology.com/content/view/16/28/
Unfortunately , as of 8/11/2011 , this website is going through a major reconstruction , and so the article is currently offline , with a message saying that the site will return in the near future .
Advertisements
[ dropcap ] T [ /dropcap ] he SFU Burnaby campus has a lot of green spaces , courtyards , fountains , and a triumphant aesthetic when the brilliant sunlight strikes the brutalist concrete . But our school becomes very gloomy during the rainy season , which can affect mood and overall enjoyment of being on campus .
It 's time we implement a few changes here and there to make Burnaby campus a cheerful place all year round , such as designs that would be enhanced by the presence of rain .
Currently , the AQ garden is delightful in the summer , but becomes completely abandoned and desolate when it rains . This inefficient use of space could be stopped by building a gazebo on the hill and adding rain shelters around the area , so people at SFU can enjoy the fresh air and tranquil rain without getting wet — something I 'm sure most people would find soothing , potentially romantic , and possibly cathartic . It could also help provide some seclusion and solitude for introverts .
SFU could also replace useless features , such as the pyramid and the avocado , with ones that are accessible and attractive when it 's gloomy out . Perhaps kinetic art installations that move and transform as it rains , or machines that can generate rainbows ? Other replacements could include outdoor table tennis or outdoor exercise equipment , which would need protection from the rain .
The campus could also be improved by using thermochromic paint to create colourful designs that only appear in the rain . This innovative application of technology was popularized by the designers of Project Monsoon , who plan to replace the dreary concrete and pavement on the streets of Seoul with colourful rivers inhabited by sea creatures .
SFU could also look to imitate the success of Rainworks , a project that uses hydrophobic paint to create colourless , rain-activated art along sidewalks . This has primarily been used to spread positive messages in community spaces , but it could also be used to create mysterious clues , riddles , puzzles , and other things that would give the public something to look forward to when it 's wet outside .
Furthermore , decorating the bland concrete around the campus with more public art , colourful designs , or plant life could make a small but impactful difference .
For example , the floor of the corridor from the AQ to the end of Blusson Hall could be redesigned by SFU students in our fine arts and/or interactive arts and technology programs . In addition , SFU could also replace the bland flooring around the Burnaby campus , such as in the WMC , the AQ , and other major corridors , with something aesthetically stunning , cheerful , and even multiculturally significant , such as aboriginal artwork .
By carefully executing innovative and beautiful designs that take advantage of rainy conditions , SFU could become an excellent example for other rain-stricken institutions and municipalities around the world , as well as a hotspot for tourism . But most importantly , it would create a campus that members of the SFU community could enjoy during those rainy Vancouver days .
Project Fi 's exclusive WiFi Assistant feature that has allowed Nexus owners to automatically connect securely to open WiFi networks appears to be rolling out to non-Fi Nexus owners at the moment . Google first announced WiFi Assistant for all Nexus phones back in August , suggesting that we would start seeing it within the “ next few weeks. ” It looks like we made it there .
With WiFi Assistant , assuming you toggle it on , your Nexus will connect to open WiFi networks that Google has deemed as secure and reliable . That way , as you cruise into stores , malls , airports , or around town , you can alleviate some of the stress on your data plan and use WiFi without the hassle of logging in and all that jazz .
If your phone is ready for WiFi Assistant , you should see the option in Settings > Google > Networking . You may also find it in Settings > WiFi > Gear icon ( top right ) . From within there , you will see a toggle for “ Use open Wi-Fi automatically . ”
I 'm not currently seeing it live on my Nexus devices , but you may . Be sure to head into Google Play and update to the latest version of Google Connectivity Services . You may also need an update to Play Services as well or maybe you just need to remain patient .
Cheers Nick , Eric , and @ MrCrowleyGaming !
The Age of Cheap Oil & Gas Begins
Scientific American : Another 40 million barrels per day of global oil production looms on the near horizon . Geopolitics will never be the same .
A world of growing and geographically diversified oil supply will not only suppress prices , but also promote competition among suppliers and make it more difficult for producers to use energy sales in pursuit of political ends . __ Scientific American : An Additional 40 mm bpd global production looms
Shale 2.0 24pp report by Mark Mills at Manhattan Institute :
John Shaw , chair of Harvard 's Earth and Planetary Sciences Department , recently observed : “ It 's fair to say we 're not at the end of this [ shale ] era , we 're at the very beginning. ” 5 He is precisely correct . In recent years , the technology deployed in America 's shale fields has advanced more rapidly than in any other segment of the energy industry . Shale 2.0 promises to ultimately yield break-even costs of $ 5– $ 20 per barrel—in the same range as Saudi Arabia 's vaunted low-cost fields .
Speculators find it difficult to boost oil prices over the long term
Advanced societies are lucky that inexpensive new sources of oil & gas are coming online . No other form of on-demand , high quality , affordable , and abundant energy is available to fill the gap . Nuclear fission energy has been neglected and spurned , with clean-safe-affordable new technologies ignored by Luddite policy-makers . Coal has been rejected , just as far cleaner methods for mining and burning coal have been developed . Nuclear fusion is still multiple decades from viability as a commercial power source . And green energy ?
Green Energy is a Masochist 's Dream
Denmark and Germany are beginning to suffer from their cult-like devotion to wind energy . Industrial electricity prices are shooting through the roof , facing large employers with the need to move operations overseas if possible .
Denmark 's Climate and Energy Lars Christian Lilleholt has just slashed support for offshore wind projects in an effort to cut billions of Danish kroner from the cost to power consumers of being forced to perpetually subsidise wind power . After more than 40 years of promising to stand on its own 2 feet , the Danish wind industry is still … wholly dependent on massive subsidies to survive . __ Wind Power in Denmark Flailing via
It is in Denmark that the wind energy cult has held sway the longest and deepest . Germany is not far behind . Both nations are beginning to pay the price for betting their energy and economic futures on technologies that can not guarantee the affordable , high quality power on demand that modern industry demands .
Investment in green boondoggle companies drops whenever governments can no longer afford costly ( and corrupt ) subsidies and mandates .
The idiot US President Obama continues to squander many $ billions of scarce resources on destructive — and soon to be bankrupt — big wind and big solar projects . Most investors in these projects just happen to be financial and political supporters of Obama , in a monumental coincidence too often ignored by mass media .
Cheap Oil & Gas Can be a Bridge to More Advanced Energy Technologies
More advanced energy technologies — particularly advanced nuclear fission and eventually controlled nuclear fusion — require decades to perfect . Fortunately , we have decades worth of cheap oil & gas . With newer technologies , coal can be cleanly used to produce affordable , high quality on-demand power . Abundant methane hydrates exist in quantities that dwarf other hydrocarbon resources .
With the use of nuclear process heat , massive resources of oil sands , heavy oils , kerogens , and other low-quality hydrocarbons suddenly become affordable , plentiful , and clean feedstocks for production of fuels , polymers , fertilisers , lubricants , and other high value materials .
The Ultimate Goal is Cheap , Clean , Scalable Nuclear Power
A brief examination of the energy density chart below will reveal that nuclear power is superior by orders of magnitude in energy density , to all other known forms of energy . Nuclear is already the safest form of large-scale power generation in existence , but much more needs to be done to make nuclear energy safer , cleaner , more affordable , more scalable , and more “ fool-proof. ” More efficient forms of nuclear fission could power advanced societies for hundreds of thousands of years . Nuclear fusion could power a trans-solar system human future into the indefinite future .
The Future is About Innovation and Disruptive Technologies
Dimwitted journalists and analysts talk about oil prices as if high oil prices drive prosperity . That is only true in corrupt patronage states such as OPEC , Russia , etc . Sustainable prosperity is driven by innovation and technologies that disrupt the established order . The brittle League states would not survive a future of disruptive innovation which would accompany an unleashing of the human potential .
Are we now “ in crisis ” and “ entering an age of scarcity ” ? You can see anything you like in a crystal ball . But almost without exception , the relevant data – the long-run economic trends – suggest precisely the opposite . The appropriate measures of scarcity – the costs of natural resources in human labor , and their prices relative to wages and to other goods – all suggest that natural resources have been becoming less scarce over the long run , right up to the present . __ Julian Simon
A positive vision of the future built on far-sighted disruptive innovation , leading to abundant expansion of human possibility , is totally alien to contemporary culture . Governments , media , universities , foundations , think tanks , activist groups , government lobbies and parasites — all of those with the loudest microphones , in other words — are oriented toward scarcity and quasi-doom . The “ solutions ” to the problems foreseen by these corrupt institutions involves a continuous tightening of the hold on power by these power structures . At the same time , individuals are meant to cede power and control over their own futures to the interlocking centralised power hierarchies .
Fortunately , a large number of disruptive and potentially disruptive innovations are in the pipeline . These innovations will allow individuals and larger groups to bypass the central power structures , in order to develop parallel and shadow infrastructures of all types . This bypass operation will make underlying societies more robustly resilient and anti-fragile . The prevailing institutions of the power elite will not like to be bypassed . They will take whatever steps they can to maintain their positions at the top of the hierarchies .
Hope for the best . Prepare for the worst . It is never too early or late to have a Dangerous Childhood .
More :
Some US shale oil fields near $ 20 bbl breakeven
PDF report : Shale 2.0 predicts shale breakeven prices between $ 5 and $ 20 bbl as commonplace in North American shale fields of the future
Deepwater projects will need to reduce production costs to stay competitive
Venezuela : Drowning in oil , but suffocating on socialism . What we are seeing in Venezuela and to a lesser degree in Brasil , may presage Russia 's condition before the collapse and disintegration .
ST. LOUIS -- On the day NHL free agency begins , some players like to follow along by tracking the news on television and online . Other guys avoid it all , and hole up at home until a decision is made .
The highest-profile guys can sit at the office of their agent while NHL general managers visit to make their pitch .
On July 1 , 2011 , unrestricted free agent goalie Brian Elliott was on a golf course . It was his bachelor party .
The goaltending market in free agency can be a bit like musical chairs : When the spots are filled and the players signed , there 's always that one guy left standing without a deal .
Coming off a rough season split between two bad teams in Ottawa and Colorado , Elliott had no intentions of being left without a chair .
While he golfed , a few teams called to gauge his interest . Then he received a call somewhere around the third or fourth hole at Wisconsin 's scenic golf course , The Legend at Bergamont , from his agent Kurt Overhardt . This was n't a decision that could wait for the turn .
`` It was pretty quick , like 'You 've got to make a decision , ' `` Elliott told ESPN The Magazine .
Elliott thought a moment .
`` What would you do ? '' Elliott said to his agent . `` I would pick St. Louis , '' Overhardt answered .
And that was that .
`` I forgot about it the rest of the day , '' Elliott said . `` There 's nothing more you can do than have fun and get ready for the wedding . ''
Blues GM Doug Armstrong said he wo n't give a new contract to Brian Elliott or Jaroslav Halak until he sees playoff success . Jerome Miron/USA TODAY Sports
The decision this time around might not be in his control . After signing that two-way deal , Elliott edged Ben Bishop for the job behind Jaroslav Halak , went on to lead the league in save percentage and goals-against average , and earned a two-year extension .
After this season , those two years are up .
The rush that was there to get a deal done in 2011 is gone . Blues GM Doug Armstrong , who is faced with two starting goalies playing in their contract year , is content to ride this out to the end . He 's willing to reward a goalie with a new deal , but it 's going to be somebody who has postseason success .
`` We 're in the Show-Me State , '' Armstrong told ESPN The Magazine . `` We want to have a good playoff . ''
Elliott has already won one battle with a talented goalie in forcing the Blues to move Bishop in a 2012 trade . Armstrong was posed with the question as to whether he regretted trading Bishop , who has carried the Lightning to surprising success this season with a 23-5-4 record and .938 save percentage .
There is no regret .
He 's a general manager who would rather pay a player for results than potential . Plus , Armstrong pointed out , Elliott 's production since Bishop joined the Lightning in the spring is every bit as impressive . Since April , Elliott is 24-4-2 with a .934 save percentage . Bishop is 26-9-5 with a .933 save percentage . Both pretty darn good .
`` I really like Ben as a person and I think he 's going to be a good pro , '' Armstrong said . `` You play the cards you 're dealt with at the time , and at that time we went on to win the Jennings Trophy with the two goalies that we had . I would make the decision based on the information we had at that time , 100 percent of the time . ''
Elliott 's current performance has validated the decision , but it has n't guaranteed playing time .
Elliott was nearly perfect in December , going 6-0-1 with a .930 save percentage . He won his first three games in January but , after dropping a 2-1 game to the Canucks , he sat for two games while coach Ken Hitchcock worked Halak back into the lineup this week .
Sweat still pouring from an extended morning skate workout as the backup on Tuesday morning , Elliott was asked if sitting despite his strong play ticked him off .
`` No , no , '' he said immediately . `` You do n't really know what the coaches are thinking , but Jaro was sick for a bit , I got a chance to step in for a few games back-to-back and felt good . We were winning so it 's just about getting that opportunity and taking advantage of it as much as you can . ... Sometimes it 's tough , but it makes you hungry to get back in here . ''
Elliott has used that hunger to try to earn the trust of the Blues ' organization as decisions are being formed on what to do for the playoffs and long-term in goal . It 's fair to wonder , especially after his struggles in Colorado and Ottawa , how much of Elliott 's success is his talent and work ethic versus how much of it is being a goalie on a defense-minded contender .
`` I 've asked the same question , '' said one Western Conference coach . `` I like Brian Elliott . You 've got to love the work ethic . That 's a big part of him . You know you 'll get that part . ''
Elliott was at the top of a wish list compiled by Blues goalie coach Corey Hirsch when the Blues were shopping for a veteran who might be willing to take a two-way deal in 2011 . Armstrong credits Hirsch 's preparation for landing Elliott , and Hitchcock said Elliott 's work ethic under Hirsch 's instruction is the reason for his success .
One of the things Elliott focused on after joining the Blues was to relax his arms and have more movement and fluidity in his game . He focused on catching more pucks -- whether it was in the pads , in his stomach or up high . It allowed him to get a better feel and control the game more effectively .
Hitchcock said he also has seen a goalie who has developed more positional patience in his game , trusting his size more often . To Elliott , it all ties together .
And then along came marriage , where there was safety in being like everybody else , in having the same wedding with a pretty good band playing “ Mustang Sally , ” the same dog named after a character from “ To Kill a Mockingbird , ” the same hopes for home and baby-making .
A few weeks after I got engaged I was in a yoga class with rows of women in various stages of flexibility , their torsos folded , arms reaching for the sky . On almost every left hand was a band indicating not only that they belonged to someone but that they belonged , period . They had mothers-in-law to clash with and decisions to make about light fixtures and printed return-address labels . They were rooted to the world . And soon I would be , too .
In my mother 's time , newlyweds displayed their wedding presents on the dining room table , and friends came over to survey the loot . To me these events sounded absurd , but now I surveyed my own loot and took a surprising comfort in the uniformity of it all .
Here were these delightfully precise additions to my life , things that came with instructions embedded in the names : red wine glass , dessert plate , serving platter . Though part of me found this equipment of marriage to be beside the point , another part found it to be exactly the point .
I wanted to believe that the sheer volume of the things I was accumulating might give weight to me as a person and to my new role as a wife . With them , I would become the confident person I imagined fit that description , the sort of person who has seasonal hand towels in the guest bathroom . Maybe each silver butter knife would create enough ballast to hold my sense of self in place . Maybe if I built it , I would come .
During our engagement I once called my fiancé in a panic from Scully & Scully .
“ Can you go to their Web site ? ” I asked him .
“ I 'm on the other line , ” he said .
I ignored him . This was too important .
“ Remember the Herend plates with the butterflies and caterpillars ? ” I did n't wait for an answer . “ What if in 20 years we say , ‘ Why do we have bugs all over our plates ? ' That 's why I 'm thinking acorns . Can you scroll to the ones with acorns on them ? We are so much more acorns , are n't we ? ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Three years later , my husband and I bought a town house in the Georgetown section of Washington and decided to have a baby . I felt good knowing that the wise and happily married neighbors on each side lived in houses that were helping to prop ours up , keep us in the row . Our wedding presents were joined by my latest too-labored-over projects : upholstered headboards , decorative trays perched just so on ottomans , framed pictures of us smiling .
Photo
His parents gave us a buffet and two dressers from storage ; each seemed to weigh twice as much as it should . One of the moving guys , stopping to catch his breath , smiled and said , “ I hope you never move out of here . ”
HEH . Not long after , our marriage started shifting . Certain aspects of our personalities conflicted but had never threatened to unravel us .
It 's hard to say when our differences began to eclipse what we had in common . I kept thinking things would right themselves , but our marriage had become like a radio that played only static ; we could n't find a clear frequency no matter how much we fiddled with the dial .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
There was one night , months before the end , when I began to see that we really might not make it . By then I was eight-and-a-half months pregnant and trying to get everything done before my time evaporated into motherhood .
So I took one of our dogs , Atticus ( of course ) , to be groomed . Though the groomer did n't speak English , I thought I had done an admirable job miming that I just wanted to give the little guy a trim .
But when my husband and I returned to pick him up we were handed a rat ; Atticus had been shaved down to his shivering skin . The only way we knew it was him was that his collar hung loose around his hairless neck .
It should have been funny .
But we were silent . Was my husband thinking what a terrible mother I was going to be ? He clenched his teeth as if trying to keep himself from saying something awful . It was the sort of fight that means nothing in a solid marriage and everything in a shaky one .
On the drive home I could barely remember what it was like to sit next to my husband in the car with one leg on the dashboard , singing along to music and lightly scratching the scruff of his neck as he drove . Now I was sitting stock still , wary of even breathing .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As I lay in bed that night I felt a crushing weight on me — the weight of his broad shoulders turned away , of the baby inside me , of the furniture and house and pink baby gear . And perched on top was a hairless dog reminding me that I was a failure to all who counted on me .
I felt pinned . And I could n't possibly leave because there were so many heavy things barring the door .
And then Lucy was born and my love for her — a cross between a teenager 's rock-star crush and the matter-of-fact appreciation I have for my own limbs — made me see I had to stop resisting the inevitable . Though my husband and I adored our daughter , we knew that for her sake we could n't be the miserable people our marriage was making us .
Somehow I drove myself around looking for a place for Lucy and me to live . I wore my sunglasses inside these barren apartments ; my eyes were too red and puffy from crying to take them off . But I could see the promising , liberating emptiness of the spaces .
For the next year Lucy and I lived in a tiny apartment with a few pieces of rented furniture — no gravy boat or matching plates as far as the eye could see . Eventually my husband and I would divide those possessions , along with our time with Lucy .
But that year Lucy slept in a Pack 'n Play , and we did n't have a rocking chair , or a chair of any kind . When I sang to her , I 'd sit at the edge of my rented bed and rock back and forth — heel , toe , heel , toe — until sleep allowed her full weight to release into my arms . She learned to crawl , and then to walk , in an empty room without obstacles .
The trees in my neighborhood burned red and orange outside my window that fall , and I found myself thinking often about how Dylan and Clay had created a new life for themselves with little more than a bag full of toothbrushes and soap . At the time , I had thought I 'd blow away with that kind of freedom — until my own life went up in smoke , leaving me feeling shaken , yet strangely solid , with my darling girl , a vague whiff of possibility , and lightness .
Win a steam key by making a level !
September 13 , 2015 - Solidplasma
Hello , everyone ! Thanks again for getting Respawn Man Greenlit ! I aim to release by the end of the year , but there 's a lot that need to be added to the game before it 's ready to launch . I 'm currently working on steam workshop integration for the level editor , but I also need to add a ton more levels into the main story of the game . This may be a newbish move from a newbish developer , but I want to ask for your help : If you make a level with the current version of Respawn Man ( which is available here [ solidplasma.itch.io ] ) and upload it in the level editor then comment on this post with the file name of your level , I will choose my 10 favorite user-made levels ( or as many as are high enough quality/as many as are submitted , with a tentative maximum of 10 ) , and feature them in the Steam version of the game attributed to your preffered name ( within reason ) . Also , becuase I know it 's what people are really after , if your level gets chosen , I will provide you with a free steam key for the game upon release . Everybody loves free games , right ? That reminds me , if you purchase ( or have purchased ) the game from the above link for $ 5 or more , you will also be emailed a steam key when the game releases . Thanks everyone , and please remember to spread the word if you like the game !
We present here the first evidence of correlation between canine anxiety-related behavioural problems and heart rate variability ( HRV ) . HRV is known to be related to a range of mental disorders in humans ; however this has not been explored in dogs . Behavioural problems in dogs can result in suffering , property destruction and human injury . Dog behaviour problems were assessed by owner questionnaire and the extreme high and low scoring dogs were recruited into either affected ( n = 10 ) or unaffected ( n = 20 ) groups . HRV was assessed in dogs at their homes , while being held in lateral recumbency for 5 min using manual restraint . Salivary cortisol samples were taken before and after HRV testing . Dogs were assessed as either being reactive to the procedure ( barking , growling , struggling or shaking ) or unreactive . There was no effect of reactivity or behaviour problems on salivary cortisol levels at baseline or in response to the treatment . There was a significant effect of reactivity on HR ( F 1,26 = 5.54 ; P = 0.026 ) , and no effect of behaviour problems ( F 1,26 = 1.07 ; P = 0.311 ) . There was no effect of reactivity on any of the HRV measures . The presence of behaviour problems had a significant effect on a range of measures of HRV , with unaffected dogs having higher standard deviation of RR intervals ( F 1,26 = 6.39 ; P = 0.018 ) , higher high frequency spectrum ( F 1,26 = 5.23 ; P = 0.031 ) and higher low frequency spectrum ( F 1,26 = 9.25 ; P = 0.005 ) power . There was no effect of behaviour problems on very low frequency spectrum power ( F 1,26 = 1.40 ; P = 0.248 ) . Together these results provide evidence for a fundamental physiological difference between dogs affected or unaffected with behaviour problems . This study provides evidence for further investigation into the role of HRV in the pathophysiology of canine anxiety-related behaviour problems .
Somewhere in the depths of the messy and multi-directional fallout of Brexit , an interesting counter-trend is crystallizing . Even as millions of voters around the world loudly embrace slogans like “ Make America Great Again ” or “ Vote Leave , Take Control , ” the notion of fixed national citizenship has probably never faced such a moment of reshaping . What started as a referendum on political membership for the United Kingdom may be the trigger for a radical redefinition of citizenship as a concept in the near future—more like a subscription membership than a birthright .
One immediate casualty of Brexit has been the notion of lifelong citizenship , most easily observed by a dramatic surge in applications for advantageous passports from countries like Ireland—part of the British Isles but not the UK , therefore remaining in the European Union . Facing an unprecedented run on applications forms , the Irish government asked aspiring passport-swappers hoping to take advantage of Irish ancestry to maintain a European foothold to take a breath . Many young British students and professionals who have staked their bet on remaining part of , and taking advantage of , the EU as a political , social , and economic project . For these British citizens , the Brexit vote was devastating .
Likewise , there is a rising apprehension among immigrants that they may also be booted from the UK . This led to an increase in the number of EU citizens applying for British passports in the run up to the June 23rd referendum , helping to fuel a 29 % increase in applicants from 2014 to 2015 . UK immigration lawyers also reported seeing a rush of new clients in the weeks following the shocking result .
One immediate casualty of Brexit has been the notion of lifelong citizenship .
Nationality-jumping is n't solely a concern for those looking to protect relationships , investments , or livelihoods , however . Some national leaders are thinking aloud about how to sweeten the pot for those considering a new and improved citizenship status . A week after the Brexit vote , one German minister suggested re-opening the prospect of dual citizenship for UK citizens , while Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi suggested British students in Italy could apply for Italian passports .
Amid all of this unrest , Europe 's first hybrid digital residency program , Estonia 's e-residency offering , also reported a jump in applicants post-referendum . Though it does n't currently convey any right to actually live in the Baltic state or provide other EU residency rights , it does provide the ability to digitally open a bank account , and start and run a business . Yet , many new applicants are hopeful this digital foothold will eventually become more substantial in the longer term .
Single sign-on citizens
Is a form of digital citizenship the best way forward in a post-Brexit world ? Unlike , say , the collapse of the Soviet Union , which reimposed old nationalities almost overnight a quarter century ago , the UK 's referendum comes at a moment when global flows of trade , travel , and technology have laid the groundwork for new ways of thinking about , and constructing , citizenship . It 's also shaking a generation that defines itself less through a national lens than through global connections .
Young people tend to see themselves as global or regional citizens first .
Younger , more mobile , more tech-enabled citizens have grown up in a period of relative border permeability . These young people tend to see themselves more than global or regional citizens first , according to various surveys done prior to the Brexit vote . Interestingly , this sentiment has been growing fastest in countries like India and China , where middle classes have most recently emerged . These middle-class , relatively wealthy digital nomads have been the target of criticism post-Brexit as having escaped the negative fallout of globalization ; but the desire to attract their skills—and taxes—has pushed governments to compete to meet their needs through new visa programs and new offers of hybrid citizenship . ( Correspondingly , Harun Onder , a World Bank economist who also blogs at the Brookings Institution , has posited that countries with older populations tend to lean more nationalistic . )
The Brexit situation specifically sparked some novel proposals for what could best be described as “ fractional citizenship , ” with holders paying costs in various countries based on length of residency . Many digitally native young people in both developed and emerging markets have already been nudged into pay-as-you-go utilities . So it 's not surprising that a similar idea would surface regarding the the hard and soft services—from healthcare to infrastructure to education to security—citizenship typically ensures .
Next stop : nation-as-a-service ?
Technology as a carrier for identity is not new . Borderless platforms , such as the biggest global social networks or national digital identity programs ( like those of Singapore , the UK and the Netherlands ) could redefine how we identify ourselves—both domestically and internationally . Already some 70-odd countries have biometric passports , which are effectively simple digital IDs with paper backups . There are already several projects afoot to develop prototype blockchain-based passports , and at least one country in the Middle East is rumored to be looking at blockchain-based e-citizenship , according to a source close to the project .
As countries become aggressive about attracting the digitally enabled , and build out more digital services of their own , the idea of nation-as-a-service comes into sharper focus . A country defined as a platform of digital services , social and cultural values , and economic rules , looks more like the cloud-based services of Dropbox , Spotify , Gmail than the nation-state as defined in the 17th century . While national identity is still a more complex notion , how that identity moves across borders is becoming more fluid .
Could a country offer you a range of citizenship subscription options , and bill your taxes based on “ membership ” ?
Here 's a quick thought experiment : Could a country offer you a range of citizenship subscription options , and bill your taxes based on “ membership ” and services used ? If countries like Germany , Italy , and Estonia are willing to reconsider what constitutes citizenship just to keep up with broader global pressures of economic competitiveness and migration , what package of benefits and protections might a forward-thinking country offer economic migrants , or extend to refugees seeking assistance while residing in another country ? What if tapping the benefits of a third country was n't only the privilege of the wealthy , but something as easy as signing up for Netflix ?
Right now , a migrant has to go through the complicated process of traveling to or visiting the physical embassy of , applying to , and waiting to enter a country in which they want to resettle . This involves both complex tangles of paperwork—and now data—that creates both intended and unintended friction . As a result , we have probably millions of people around the world stalled in limbo , awaiting the possibility of gaining new protections or opportunities .
Many European politicians have spent the days since Brexit openly questioning the borders of countries , mulling the possibility of independent city-states , and talking about dissolving longstanding political unions . It seems inevitable , then , given the stakes for citizens from these political upheavals , that citizenship might also be ripe for disruption . The fluidity of movement that 's been quietly , expensively—and exclusively—available to the super rich for decades may be entering its moment of actual democratization , and citizenship ( or many citizenships ) may just be a click away .
This article is part of Quartz Ideas , our home for bold arguments and big thinkers .
Courtney Caldwell | RoadAndTravel.com
1 ) Have good directions in print and with GPS - They do n't always match so best to have both - Make sure someone at home has your route
2 ) Make sure you plan your route destination around known weather patterns during certain times of year ie : Driving through mid country during May - August is Tornado season . July - October is Hurricane season
3 ) Make sure you have an emergency kit in your car that includes water , bandages , rope , blanket , ​tools , umbrella ( for heat and rain ) , food , any meds you take or may need , kneeling pad ( for changing tires or getting under car , flashlight , change of clothes .
4 ) If children are along , make sure they have all the entertainment for the duration of the trip . Kids get bored easily . If they 're not happy , your dream road trip could turn into a nightmare . So toys , snacks , games , diapers ( if necessary ) , pillows , blankets .
5 ) Plan your hotels or campgrounds well ahead of time . Most people do road trips during the summer , the busiest time of year . If you wing it , you could find yourself sleeping in your car because hotels , motels and campgrounds fill up .
Plan your daily route and how many miles you 'll drive . Fewer hours if driving alone as the road can make you sleepy . Stop and take breaks every couple of hours to stretch you legs . There are tons of roadside cafes along all major freeways now . Try to keep your driving during daylight hours for best success .
6 )
7 ) If you 're driving back routes , more scenic , make sure you have a clearly defined map of where you 're going each day . Always keep at least one family member apprised of your route or route changes in case you disappear , have an accident , etc . You should also have an ICE number in your phone ( In case of an emergency ) so in the event you have an accident , police can call someone without delay .
8 ) Never go off road alone .
9 ) Check in with one family member or friend each day . It 's not just your personal safety , but parents , friends , etc worry .
10 ) Have AAA for your car or some other roadside assistance . AAA is the best
11 ) Make sure your car is road-worthy to avoid breakdowns . Have your vehicle completely checked out , change of oil ( bring a can with you too ) , clean windows , clean engine , and make sure it will be able to withstand the duration of the trip . Breaking down in another state is no picnic . Make sure your heater and A/C work .
12 ) And last , depending on how long your road trip is , good idea to identify the local PDs in each city through which you drive and keep a list of their cities and phone . You never know .
​Source : RoadAndTravel.com
By : Somerset Maugham Of Human Bondage , published in 1915 , is considered to be W. Somerset Maugham 's best work . Many believe the novel to be one of the world 's literary masterpieces . The story follows Phillip Carey from early childhood through his 30 's . Orphaned at 9 , Phillip spends his early years raised by his childless aunt and uncle . His aunt tries to be a mother to Philip , but she is unsure how to behave whereas his uncle , a vicar , takes a cold disposition towards him . Philip is sent to a boarding school but his shyness and his club foot make it difficult for him to fit in . The novel follows this theme throughout as Phillip travels to Germany , France , and England , makes new acquaintances , searches for his life 's calling , and experiences romantic episodes . Mildred in particular , will leave you wondering about Phillip 's obsession and passion for such a woman . More than a few of us have had “ our Mildred ” . The characters in Of Human Bondage are real-life with faults , qualities , and feelings that Maugham describes so vividly . It would not be unusual that we have encountered individuals with traits similar to the characters in this book . At times the emotions in this novel , so simply but purely written , will leave you either sad or happy and even perhaps , teary-eyed as the enthusiasm of youth is met with reality as Phillip tries to discover the meaning of HIS life through the dreams of others . First Page : OF HUMAN BONDAGE BY W. SOMERSET MAUGHAM I The day broke gray and dull . The clouds hung heavily , and there was a rawness in the air that suggested snow . A woman servant came into a room in which a child was sleeping and drew the curtains . She glanced mechanically at the house opposite , a stucco house with a portico , and went to the child 's bed . `` Wake up , Philip , '' she said . She pulled down the bed clothes , took him in her arms , and carried him downstairs . He was only half awake . `` Your mother wants you , '' she said . She opened the door of a room on the floor below and took the child over to a bed in which a woman was lying . It was his mother . She stretched out her arms , and the child nestled by her side . He did not ask why he had been awakened . The woman kissed his eyes , and with thin , small hands felt the warm body through his white flannel nightgown . She pressed him closer to herself . `` Are you sleepy , darling ? '' she said . Her voice was so weak that it seemed to come already from a great distance . The child did not answer , but smiled comfortably ... Continue reading book > >
After a year of preparation , Colorado opened its doors to the legal marijuana business last week , serving thousands of customers and racking up more than $ 5 million in taxed and regulated sales in just seven days . It was a promising sign that recreational marijuana could be a lucrative industry for other states interested in scaling back harsh anti-pot laws and listening to voters , who have increasingly shown support for legalizing the drug .
( Scroll down to see if your state is likely to be one of the next to legalize . )
Taxed and regulated marijuana is already coming to Washington state , which along with Colorado passed a legalization measure at the polls during the 2012 general election . And now that the Justice Department set a precedent last year by allowing these first legal pot laws to go into effect , marijuana policy reformers in other states are looking more intently at the best way to proceed .
For opponents who believe marijuana is damaging to the mind and body , these stats appear to be of less importance . And while supporters of marijuana continually cite the comparative effects of weed and alcohol , or counter anti-pot studies with emerging research that has supported the drug 's therapeutic qualities , one thing remains certain : Scientific research into the effects of marijuana will continue to remain discouraged until the federal ban on the substance is lifted or relaxed .
While debates on marijuana 's health effects should and will continue even beyond the next wave of legalizations , it 's clear that the floodgates have already been broken . More states will legalize marijuana , and some will do it relatively soon . In states around the nation , pro-pot legislators bolstered by public opinion and the examples set by Colorado and Washington are putting the once-taboo issue before their colleagues , hoping to become the first state to legalize legislatively . Activists are also making the push , working to get the issue before voters as early as 2014 with well-funded campaigns in states even as unlikely as Florida .
Here 's the likely road ahead for legal marijuana :
Alaska
Marijuana reformers in Alaska could make their state the next to legalize pot . After getting a ballot measure to tax , regulate and legalize weed for adult recreational use certified last summer , organizers this month delivered a petition with over 45,000 signatures . If at least 30,169 of those signatures are deemed valid , the state will vote on legalization in the primary election on Aug. 19 , the earliest possible date of any of these states .
Pot has already been decriminalized and legalized for medical use in Alaska . A survey of Alaska voters taken last year by Democratic-leaning Public Policy Polling found that 54 percent supported legalizing marijuana .
Arizona
While hopes for a successful push on legal weed in 2014 may be dwindling , pro-pot organizers have expressed optimism that they 'll have a strong campaign for the state ready ahead of 2016 . A project is underway to gather the required 259,213 signatures needed by July in order to get the legalization issue on the 2014 ballot -- but without any financial backing , it 's a monumental task . Activists with the influential Marijuana Policy Project say they 're on board with a forthcoming ballot initiative to fully legalize the drug in 2016 , when more voters will likely turn out for the general election . The group has also said that by then , they 'll have had enough time to figure out which aspects of previous efforts have been successful in other states .
Cannabis was legalized in the state for medical use in 2010 by ballot initiative . A poll taken earlier this year found that 56 percent of Arizonans supported legalizing some amount of cannabis .
California
A statewide initiative to legalize marijuana failed in California in 2010 , but reformers are hoping to find success in 2014 and beyond . Activists are currently circulating petitions to get the California Hemp Act 2014 , a measure that would legalize marijuana both in its standard and non-psychoactive forms , on the ballot in 2014 . They will need to collect more than 500,000 valid signatures by Feb. 24 to qualify for the ballot . While the momentum is certainly in favor of legalization in California , some prominent figures have urged organizers to wait until 2016 , when demographics and voter turnout will be even more in their favor .
Cannabis has already been decriminalized and legalized for medical use in California . Multiple polls taken last year found a majority of Californians in favor of legalizing pot , with one longstanding poll showing such support for the first time in 45 years of surveying the issue .
Delaware
Delaware only recently took steps to begin implementing a system for medical marijuana , but activists with MPP believe the state Legislature could push forward on a broader legalization bill . Delaware also does n't have citizen ballot initiatives , so any such effort will need to come from state lawmakers .
Hawaii
Lawmakers in Hawaii considered bills to both decriminalize and legalize marijuana last year -- and killed both before allowing them to reach a full vote . Activists do n't have a citizen ballot initiative process to allow them to pursue legalization , so they 're hoping the pro-pot momentum will carry over to lawmakers in the Aloha State this year and beyond .
Hawaii has already legalized cannabis for medical use , and lawmakers recently passed legislation to improve the system . A poll taken last year showed that 57 percent of Hawaiians supported legalization .
Maine
Bolstered by a November vote to legalize marijuana in Portland , Maine , pro-pot activists have announced the state as one of the top targets for legalization in upcoming election cycles . While initiatives to legalize through legislation have repeatedly failed votes in the state legislature , MPP has announced plans to help coordinate a grassroots campaign to get a legalization measure on the ballot ( though probably not until 2016 ) .
Cannabis has been decriminalized and approved for medical use across Maine . According to a PPP poll released last year , 48 percent of registered voters in Maine believe pot should be legal for recreational use .
Maryland
Lawmakers in Maryland have submitted bills both to legalize and decriminalize marijuana , though neither of them has advanced to a vote . Similar bills are expected in the current legislative session , though they have n't been introduced yet . The president of Maryland 's state Senate has said he supports marijuana legalization , though Gov . Martin O'Malley ( D ) has been much more reserved , saying recently that he 's not even comfortable with decriminalization . A Democratic candidate for the state 's upcoming gubernatorial election has already submitted a proposal to legalize marijuana . Maryland 's system only allows for referenda on already-passed legislation , so the state will have to rely on state lawmakers for action on marijuana .
Maryland has already passed legislation legalizing cannabis for medical use . A poll taken last year showed a majority of Maryland voters in support of legalizing marijuana .
Massachusetts
The deep-blue New England state is being eyed as a prime opportunity for legalization , with marijuana reform advocates pointing to high margins of support for previous pro-pot initiatives . Last November , marijuana reform group Bay State Repeal laid the initial groundwork in order to begin coordinating a campaign to legalize pot via ballot initiative in 2016 .
Massachusetts has decriminalized cannabis , and just last November passed a ballot measure legalizing it for medical use . A February 2013 PPP poll found that 58 percent of the state 's residents would be in favor of legalizing , taxing and regulating cannabis .
Montana
Montana has had a checkered history with marijuana laws . Voters passed an initiative legalizing cannabis for medical use in 2004 , but opponents have since taken various steps to amend the measure or repeal it all together . Reform advocates remain hopeful that voters will support full legalization , with MPP announcing plans to support a statewide effort to legalize at the ballot in 2016 . Pot reformers wasted no time following the 2012 election , filing a ballot question aiming to put the issue before voters in 2014 . Little progress appears to have been made toward that effort .
There are no recent statewide surveys to gauge current support for pot legalization , though previous polls have showed a majority of Montana voters supporting the decriminalization of marijuana .
Nevada
Marijuana advocates in Nevada have yet to mount a large-scale effort to get legalization on the ballot in an upcoming election , as most organizers in the state and at the national level see 2016 as their best chance for a push . The liberal bent of the state makes it a popular target for reformers , but nobody has yet to lobby for more immediate or aggressive action .
Nevada has legalized medical cannabis , and last year the state passed a measure establishing a dispensary system to help increase access for sick citizens . According to a recent poll , 56 percent of Nevadans would favor legalizing cannabis for recreational use if the money raised went to fund education .
New York
Marijuana advocates have expressed hope that New York could become the third state to legalize marijuana , and perhaps the first to do it through legislation . Last month , a state senator unveiled a proposal to fully legalize and tax marijuana in the state . While many remain skeptical that the bill will pass muster , especially considering New York has yet to even legalize cannabis for medical use , Gov . Andrew Cuomo ( D ) recently came out in favor of efforts to loosen marijuana laws . The governor is also set to announce an executive action to give seriously ill patients access to marijuana . New York has no system for citizen ballot initiatives .
New York has already decriminalized cannabis possession , though harsh penalties still exist for anybody found using it in a public place or showing it in public view -- a loophole that pot reformers claim has been abused by law enforcement . A 2013 poll showed 82 percent of New Yorkers in support of medical marijuana statewide , though there does n't appear to be recent data for legalizing pot for recreational use .
Oregon
Marijuana legalization advocates in Oregon are approaching the issue from two sides , both pushing for a ballot initiative and lobbying state lawmakers for legislative action . An earlier legalization effort , which was poorly coordinated and widely mocked inside the state , failed in 2012 . Organizers knew there was plenty of room for improvement , and they believe they 've found it with New Approach Oregon , a group supported by high-profile national donors that is seeking to see their legalization measure put into law . Two more legalization initiatives are also being pushed by Paul Stanford , a prominent marijuana business owner .
Oregon has already decriminalized cannabis and legalized it for medical use . According to a poll taken in May , 57 percent of likely voters in Oregon support a proposal to tax , regulate and legalize marijuana for recreational use .
Rhode Island
Marijuana advocates have high hopes that Rhode Island will be one of the first in the next round of states to legalize . Because it has no citizen-initiated ballot process , Rob Kampia , the executive director of MPP , said last year that lawmakers in the state could undertake the effort . Gov . Lincoln Chafee ( D ) has appeared less eager for the push , though pot reformers are confident there will be another push this year . The state Legislature did consider a bill on the matter last session , and while lawmakers debated the legislation and invited witnesses to testify on its merits , they never held a vote .
Rhode Island recently decriminalized marijuana and passed legalized medical cannabis around 2007 . A PPP poll taken in January found that 52 percent of voters in the state support legalizing pot for recreational use .
Washington , D.C .
Yes , we know that D.C. is n't a state . It 's already taxed without representation , so it certainly does n't need your snark about it . But anyways , marijuana activists in the District are set to submit a legalization ballot initiative that would go before voters in November . Bills to fully legalize have been submitted in the D.C. Council in the past , but have not gone to a vote .
D.C. has already legalized cannabis for medical use and is expected to approve a bill to decriminalize the substance . A 2013 survey found that 63 percent of the District 's residents supported legalizing marijuana .
Vermont
Vermont has made strides to scale back marijuana prohibition over the past few years , with a successful measure to decriminalize and a separate bill to establish a system of dispensaries for the state 's medical cannabis patients . Observers have seen the state 's strong support for the recent reelection of Gov . Peter Shumlin ( D ) , an advocate for marijuana reform , as a sign that voters are ready to legalize . Another Northeastern state without a citizen-initiated ballot process , Vermont will have to rely on this push coming from state lawmakers . While a legalization bill was passed last year , it did n't receive a vote . A Democratic state senator has already submitted another similar piece of legislation this year .
Polls have consistently shown Vermonters to be supportive of efforts to scale back prohibition of marijuana .
It was summertime in Manhattan , dark and balmy , almost midnight , on the Upper West Side . He and I rounded the corner from Amsterdam . Drinks had gone well . Walking me home , he held my hand . Tipsy , I said , “ You ca n't come up , ” and stopped near a stoop .
“ I do n't want to , ” he said coyly , placing his hands on my waist , drawing me close . “ But I do want to see you again. ” He smiled .
I smiled . “ What I mean is , if you want to kiss me good night , it has to be here. ” We were n't even close to my building .
“ But I thought you lived in —— ” he said , craning his neck to look for street signs “ ——the 90s ? ”
“ I do. ” I started to stammer , to try to explain . “ I do , but see , he knows we 're on our first date , and there 's a window he can see out of onto the sidewalk , and sometimes he 's waiting . If I 'm too late , he can get worried . ”
Photographs and video of heavily armed police officers wearing body armor and helmets arresting protesters in Baton Rouge over the weekend reverberated on social networks and in the world 's media , focusing new attention on the militarization of police forces across the United States . The image that drew the most comment , taken by Jonathan Bachman for Reuters , showed a young woman in a dress standing serenely on a road outside the Baton Rouge police headquarters as two Louisiana State Police officers dressed for battle rushed to arrest her .
Photo : Jonathan Bachman/Reuters The woman was later identified as Ieshia Evans , a nurse and mother from Brooklyn , who had come to protest the killing of Alton Sterling by two Baton Rouge police officers last week .
Baton Rouge PD looks ridiculous . I never wore so much armor in combat . This is their own community . ( Photo : Reuters ) pic.twitter.com/clCFFyD6jx — Brandon Friedman ( @ BFriedmanDC ) July 10 , 2016
This Reuters pic of a serene protestor in Baton Rouge brings to mind the Tank-Man in Tiananmen Square . pic.twitter.com/i8SES79Kco — Gus Silber ( @ gussilber ) July 10 , 2016
When you see this image you think thank God America won the Cold War and defeated tyranny
( JONATHAN BACHMAN/REUTERS ) pic.twitter.com/ryVd3lGqIw — Karl Sharro ( @ KarlreMarks ) July 11 , 2016
Mugshot released of Ieshia Evans , 35 , whose Baton Rouge protest pic went viral ( Jonathan Bachman of @ Reuters ) pic.twitter.com/bX9YGIVGkO — David Begnaud ( @ DavidBegnaud ) July 11 , 2016
Evans , who was released on Sunday , wrote on Facebook that she had no desire to speak to the media until she could get home to her young son . “ I appreciate the well wishes and love , but this is the work of God , ” she added . “ I am a vessel ! ” She was one of 102 protesters arrested on Saturday night outside the police station on Airline Highway . Another of those detained and held overnight was DeRay Mckesson , a prominent Black Lives Matter activist , who was live-streaming video from the shoulder of the road when he was tackled by an officer .
. @ deray was live streaming on # Periscope when he got arrested . Go to 4:00 https : //t.co/q5JeQbPafJ — Alex Medina ( @ mrmedina ) July 10 , 2016
Another photograph taken by Bachman , showing a police officer 's knee pinning an African-American protester 's head to the pavement , struck a chord with photo editors in Iran and Russia , where the crackdown on peaceful protesters made complaints from the United States government about repression of dissent in those countries seem hypocritical .
Jonathan Bachman of Reuters made another iconic photo from the Baton Rouge protests : pic.twitter.com/HHthNvfnV4 — Clayton Cubitt ( @ claytoncubitt ) July 11 , 2016
This is Iran 's most conservative paper on violence in the US . ( not sure where the pic is from ) pic.twitter.com/CHo6bQ7Su4 — Arash Karami ( @ thekarami ) July 11 , 2016
`` American nightmare '' : From `` land of opportunity '' to killing field for young black men ( including Kim Kardashian 's ) pic.twitter.com/qUv9IdtiBo — Borzou Daragahi ( @ borzou ) July 11 , 2016
There were more arrests on Sunday , and more images of what looked like a clear mismatch between the threat of violence from protesters and the aggressive use of force by police officers confronting them .
Disperse or be arrested , police say pic.twitter.com/quc4F02ysd — Rebekah Allen ( @ rebekahallen ) July 10 , 2016
Two young white woman arrested after they refused to move from in front of police vehicle . pic.twitter.com/o36kWamjsD — Terry L Jones ( @ tjonesreporter ) July 10 , 2016
Swat car literally pushing crowd back pic.twitter.com/Z4GM5lEJpU — Rebekah Allen ( @ rebekahallen ) July 10 , 2016
As the Baton Rouge Advocate reported , a demonstration in a residential neighborhood of the city on Sunday only got more heated when about 300 marchers were blocked by officers wearing gas masks and driving an armored vehicle with an ear-splitting sound cannon called an LRAD , or long-range acoustic device . As the standoff got more tense , the protesters screamed , “ They 're going to gas us , ” and “ Put down your guns , ” video recorded at the scene showed .
Baton Rouge is not having it…wow ? ? ? ? pic.twitter.com/U1KcC6tIn8 — logizzle ( @ iRUNx_LA ) July 10 , 2016
Tensions high in Baton Rouge as police clash with protesters wearing riot gear and gas masks pic.twitter.com/3KRN9NMKHa — wynton yates ( @ WyntonYates ) July 11 , 2016
Crowd still chanting despite final warning from police . pic.twitter.com/AmFg3zm319 — Terry L Jones ( @ tjonesreporter ) July 11 , 2016
Eventually , there was a spate of forcible arrests , even of protesters who had retreated from the streets onto sidewalks and , in one case , into the front yard of a woman who tried to shelter them . After 50 demonstrators were taken away , Lisa Batiste , the woman whose front yard was raided by the police , told the CBS News correspondent David Begnaud she was shocked and disappointed by the behavior of the police .
Baton Rouge homeowner `` very upset '' after police storm her yard arresting protesters who had permission to be there pic.twitter.com/gwE8aRGKfL — David Begnaud ( @ DavidBegnaud ) July 11 , 2016
“ It was extremely unnerving — the military-style policing , ” Batiste told The Advocate later . “ I just wanted them to have a safe place to voice their opinions . ”
State Police Superintendent Mike Edmonson later blamed the protesters , telling the New Orleans Times-Picayune that when ordered to disperse , “ They seemed to have no intention of doing so in a peaceful manner. ” Some of those who fled the scene then tossed lumps of concrete at his officers , he added . “ The bottom line is , this group was certainly not about a peaceful protest , because they could 've easily left on their own , ” Edmonson said . He also called their anti-police chants a form of incitement . “ The whole time when you sat there listening to them , their words were not conducive to a peaceful-type demonstration , ” he said . Marjorie Esman , the director of the American Civil Liberties Union in Louisiana , condemned the arrests as unlawful in a statement : The Baton Rouge police used violent , militarized tactics on groups of people who have gathered peacefully in protest of Alton Sterling 's killing . We were on the scene and witnessed police in full riot gear with assault rifles while individuals were exercising their lawful rights and posed no threat . The police lunged and grabbed at peacefully assembled people and threw them to the ground . Such misconduct violates the constitution and is serving to escalate an environment already filled with tension . We depend on the police to protect and serve everyone in our communities , to treat people fairly , to use violence only as the very last resort . But the Baton Rouge police have failed us . They failed when they encountered Alton Sterling . They failed when they lashed out at people protesting in peace . The ACLU stands with the protesters in Baton Rouge and urges the police to honor our constitutional rights instead of stomping on them . There were similar images of the apparent use of excessive force against Black Lives Matter protesters in other parts of the country . The arrest of one young woman late Friday in Rochester , New York , as she was giving an interview to a local news station , also drew widespread condemnation .
She literally did nothing pic.twitter.com/qaKrEB1X3y — jack ( @ WISTERIAJACK ) July 10 , 2016
The journalist who filmed that arrest , Tara Grimes of TWC News Rochester , reported later that the police said dozens of protesters were arrested after unacceptable “ verbal confrontations ” between officers and demonstrators . Grimes also shared video of that protester scolding a line of officers in riot gear just before she was arrested .
WASHINGTON -- FBI Director James Comey said Thursday that he was `` very concerned '' about new steps Silicon Valley tech giants were taking to strengthen privacy protections on mobile devices .
`` I am a huge believer in the rule of law , but I also believe that no one in this country is beyond the law , '' Comey told reporters at FBI headquarters in Washington . `` What concerns me about this is companies marketing something expressly to allow people to place themselves beyond the law . ''
Apple said last week that it would no longer be technically feasible to unlock encrypted iPhones and iPads for law enforcement because the devices would no longer allow user passcodes to be bypassed . The move comes as tech companies struggle to manage public concerns in the aftermath of last year 's leak of classified National Security Agency documents about government access to private user data .
On a privacy site for its new mobile operating system , iOS 8 , Apple outlined new features and tips for users on how to manage their privacy . It also included an explanation of how Apple will respond to government information requests in the future .
`` Unlike our competitors , Apple can not bypass your passcode and therefore can not access this data , '' the company said . `` So it 's not technically feasible for us to respond to government warrants for the extraction of this data from devices in their possession running iOS 8 . ''
Comey said that while he understood the need for privacy , government access to mobile devices may be needed in extreme circumstances , such as in the event of a terror attack .
`` I like and believe very much that we should have to obtain a warrant from an independent judge to be able to take the content of anyone 's closet or their smart phone , '' he said . `` The notion that someone would market a closet that could never be opened -- even if it involves a case involving a child kidnapper and a court order -- to me does not make any sense . ''
Comey said FBI officials have had conversations with both Apple and Google about the marketing of their devices .
`` Google is marketing their Android the same way : Buy our phone and law-enforcement , even with legal process , can never get access to it , '' he said .
`` There will come a day -- well it comes every day in this business -- when it will matter a great , great deal to the lives of people of all kinds that we be able to with judicial authorization gain access to a kidnapper 's or a terrorist or a criminal 's device . I just want to make sure we have a good conversation in this country before that day comes . I 'd hate to have people look at me and say , 'Well how come you ca n't save this kid , ' 'how come you ca n't do this thing . ' ''
The director further expressed concern that public outcry over privacy in the wake of the NSA scandal may lead to unforeseen consequences .
`` I get that the post-Snowden world has started an understandable pendulum swing , '' he said . `` What I 'm worried about is , this is an indication to us as a country and as a people that , boy , maybe that pendulum swung too far . ''
When the tracking number did n't work by end-January , I thought I was out of luck .
December 2014 - In Transit ( Yay ! A package from Canada ! ) January 2015 - Item Still in Transit ( Okay .. Canada 's far away after all ... )
End-Jan 2015 - Tracking Number has expired ( Noooooooooooo ! ) February 2015 - Kinda gave up all hopes of receiving anything .. : (
My secret santa definitely knows how to keep a secret ! So , one day in March , I got a `` Failed Delivery '' Notice . At that point , I had no idea what it was , as I was n't expecting any package at all . So imagine my surprise at the post office when I spotted the drawing of Snoo on the box !
AND WAS A HUGE BOX . I could also feel all the ( envious ) glances coming in my direction !
I wrote in my profile I love all kinds of snacks , and boy , did /u/lisarae deliver ! Wrapped in green and red gift paper , and with a lovely snowman hanging from the box cove , I could just feel the warmth , sincerity and effort that went into the gift !
In case the pictures do n't show , the packs of chips came in really huge bags . Gon na save them for a party I 'll be having ! But there 's one bag that I tore upon right away - the Bacon and Maple Syrup Flavoured ones . They were absolutely yummy . Shared them with family and I swear I could see their eyes widen . Ca n't wait to try the rest of the chips . I LOVE CHIPS ! The chocolate chip cookies were scrumptious ! The chocolate CHUNKS were melty and came in HUGE sizes . No wonder it 's the President 's Choice . The maple sweets were really scrumptious too ! The maple sweets were delicious as well , and make for a deliciously sweet treat .
Thank you /u/lisarae , for going above and beyond . I 've been doing exchanges for the past couple years , and the bar gets set higher every time ! How do you guys do that ? ? ? : D
Sen. Bernie Sanders ( I-Vt. ) is questioning whether Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is `` prepared to take on the billionaire class '' in her 2016 bid for the White House .
The self-described democratic socialist , who is considering running for president himself , met with Bloomberg reporters and editors on Wednesday . During the meeting , Sanders said he does not believe , `` based on her record '' that Clinton is `` prepared to take on the billionaire class '' to address income inequality .
`` It 's not what she says , it 's what she does , '' he said of the former secretary of state .
“ The country belongs to all of us and not just the billionaire class , '' he continued . `` Do I think that 's Hillary Clinton 's politics ? No . No I do n't . ''
Clinton launched her campaign Sunday , officially ending years of speculation that she would jump in the race . Like other candidates eyeing the Oval Office , Clinton has vowed to take on economic inequality , and in her first campaign event criticized the high paychecks of top business executives .
`` There 's something wrong when CEOs make 300 times more than the typical worker , '' Clinton said at a roundtable in Iowa on Tuesday . `` There 's something wrong when American workers keep getting more productive , as they have , and as I just saw a few minutes ago is very possible because of education and skills training , but that productivity is not matched in their paychecks . ''
Sanders told Bloomberg his decision on whether to challenge Clinton will depend on how much money he can raise . However , he said he believes his pro-worker message resonates with many voters .
“ The message I have has a lot of support , '' he said . `` It 's going to be a gut decision . ''
The Vermont senator also questioned Clinton in a Tuesday interview with MSNBC .
`` The American people want Secretary Clinton , all candidates , to talk about why the middle class continues to decline , why the rich get richer , why Wall Street continues to have unbelievable power over the American economy , '' Sanders said . `` The American people not only want a serious debate on this campaign , they want candidates who will deal with the most important issue , and that is are we prepared to take on the billionaire class which has so much power over our economic and political life . ''
`` Do you not believe that Hillary Clinton is out for the little guy ? '' host Thomas Roberts asked .
Donald Trump is reportedly close to making what will be one of the biggest decisions of his entire presidency : choosing a replacement for late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia . Trump is now saying he will announce a pick next week .
After Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell successfully obstructed President Obama 's nominee , Merrick Garland , for nearly a year , the Court is still short a member , a vacancy that Trump and his allies in the Senate are eager to fill quickly . In May , Trump released a list of 11 possible choices for the slot , before adding 10 more in September . As an effort to signal his reliability to conservatives , he promised he would make his choice only from the names on these lists .
Now , Politico 's Eliana Johnson and Shane Goldmacher report that Trump has narrowed the choices to three , all of whom are on federal appeals courts :
Neil Gorsuch , 49 , of the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals ( which covers Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico , Utah , Wyoming , and Oklahoma )
Thomas Hardiman , 51 , of the Third Circuit Court of Appeals ( which covers Delaware , New Jersey , and Pennsylvania )
William `` Bill '' Pryor , 54 , of the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals ( which covers Alabama , Georgia , and Florida )
Johnson and Goldmacher report that Gorsuch and Hardiman have an advantage and Pryor 's chances have waned .
All three finalists are white men appointed to their posts by George W. Bush , but they vary in background and in how contention their nominations would likely be . Here 's a rundown of what each choice would mean .
Neil Gorsuch
While Trump 's list includes more graduates of state schools and fewer Ivy League grads than most Supreme Court shortlists , Gorsuch is exactly the kind of elite-educated figure who 's traditionally made it onto the Court . A graduate of Columbia ( where he was a Truman scholar ) , Oxford ( where he got a doctorate as a Marshall scholar ) , and Harvard Law ( which five other members of the Court attended ) , Gorsuch clerked on the DC Circuit and then for both Justices Byron White and Anthony Kennedy .
But Gorsuch is also more outspoken and forthright in his positions than your typical Supreme Court aspirant . He wrote a full book on assisted suicide and euthanasia that , while fairly recapping both sides , came down decisively against them , arguing that `` human life is fundamentally and inherently valuable , and that the intentional taking of human life by private persons is always wrong . '' It 's not hard to infer what that implies for Gorsuch 's attitudes on abortion .
He 's reliably , though idiosyncratically , conservative on a number of other issues as well . A former law clerk describes him as having a `` deep commitment to the original understanding of the constitution and the rule of law . '' Gorsuch delivered a speech after Scalia 's death ( an event which he stated moved him to tears ) praising his possible predecessor for understanding the distinction between judge and legislator , and for striving not to use the Court to make law .
He appears to believe Obamacare 's birth control mandate is unconstitutional on religious liberty grounds . He has taken a limited view of a defendant 's right to competent representation . Intriguingly , he 's suggested that he thinks Chevron v. NRDC , a foundational decision in administrative law that gives regulatory agencies broad deference in determining rules , was wrongly decided . That could give plaintiffs — whether they 're businesses wanting laxer rules or advocacy groups wanting tougher ones — more say in the rulemaking process .
But he 's also suggested more sympathy for criminal defendants than most conservative picks might have . He sided with a Albuquerque middle schooler who was strip-searched by his school , dissenting while his colleagues ruled that the school police officer and other employees are immune from lawsuits . And he 's expressed concern with overcriminalization , saying that states and the federal government have enacted too many statutes forbidding too much activity .
Thomas Hardiman
Trump has been known to say that `` the police in our country do not get respect . '' That is assuredly not Thomas Hardiman 's fault .
On the Third Circuit , Hardiman has consistently sided with law enforcement against defendants and inmates . He ruled that a policy of strip-searching jail inmates did n't violate the Fourth Amendment 's protections against unreasonable search ( an opinion the Supreme Court upheld ) . He 's also written , in dissent , that the First Amendment does not give citizens the right to tape police — something with which every state in the union currently disagrees .
Hardiman 's pre-judicial career is full of the kinds of things liberals and Democrats do n't like : He donated to Republican candidates before being appointed to the bench ( something that is neither illegal nor , to most legal experts , a big deal ) , and he represented plenty of political clients and political cases while he was in private practice . Most of this is insignificant : Just like it 's a defense lawyer 's job to defend murderers , it 's a civil lawyer 's job to defend companies accused of discrimination .
But it 's ironic that one of Hardiman 's most high-profile cases was a housing discrimination suit against a company accused of conspiring to keep out low-income clients — given that the president who might appoint him to the Supreme Court , early in his own career , settled a housing discrimination suit of his own against the federal government .
William Pryor
Pryor has been on Trump 's shortlist at least since the February 13 GOP presidential debate , where he came up as an example of the kind of justice Trump would like to appoint . Pryor , 54 , probably has the biggest national profile of anyone on this list due to his starring role in the 2005 showdown between President Bush and Senate Democrats over judicial appointments .
He was initially nominated in 2003 and faced fierce opposition for his unusually strident and blunt recitation of conservative dogma . Asked about a statement he made calling Roe v. Wade `` the worst abomination in the history of constitutional law , '' Pryor said , `` I stand by that comment . I believe that not only is [ Roe ] unsupported by the text and structure of the Constitution , but it has led to a morally wrong result . It has led to the slaughter of millions of innocent unborn children . ''
He also , as attorney general of Alabama , wrote an amicus brief urging the Supreme Court to uphold laws banning sodomy and , in the words of Sen. Russ Feingold ( D-WI ) , `` equated private , consensual sexual activity between homosexuals to prostitution , adultery , necrophilia , bestiality , incest and pedophilia . '' He also purposely rescheduled a family trip to Disney World to avoid attending during `` Gay Day , '' lest his children see gay people enjoying theme park rides .
Pryor eventually got a recess appointment to the 11th Circuit in February 2004 , and was finally officially confirmed in 2005 as part of the `` Gang of 14 '' compromise . In his position he 's mostly been a doctrinaire conservative , the most notable exception being a ruling arguing that discrimination against trans people violates the Equal Protection Clause .
That decision appears to be harming his chances in 2017 . According to Politico 's Johnson and Goldmacher , Pryor is being attacked from the right `` on an off-the-record list-serv that includes many in the conservative legal and political communities , '' for siding in favor of trans rights . While the left almost defeated Pryor 's appellate nomination , the right could be in the process of defeating his Supreme Court bid .
Three high-profile incidents this year have made it patently clear that our cars are now computers : Security researcher Charlie Miller hacked and shut down a Jeep Cherokee while it was going 70 mph on the highway , Volkswagen was caught tampering with its emissions test software to make its cars look more efficient than they are , and Tesla pushed out an `` autopilot '' mode via an over-the-air software update .
So if cars are computers , should it be illegal to hack or repair them ? The House Energy and Commerce Committee believes so , and has published a draft of legislation that would make it illegal for anyone to hack a car , even if they owned it or were conducting research on it .
The legislation the committee has proposed is a complete mess that would make cars less safe and has serious privacy problems if it were to pass as currently constructed , experts say .
The bill does n't have a name yet , and it has n't been introduced , so it may be a little early to grab the pitchforks . That does n't mean we ca n't point out its many flaws .
First , and most importantly , the bill would make it illegal for any `` unauthorized '' person to hack a car for any purpose : `` It shall be unlawful for any person to access , without authorization , an electronic control unit or critical system of a motor vehicle , or other system containing driving data for such motor vehicle , either wirelessly or through a wired connection . '' Anyone violating the statute would be subject to fines of up to $ 100,000 per violation .
Repairs could be made illegal , whether you wield a wrench or a working knowledge of vehicle software architecture .
As Harley Geiger of the Center for Democracy and Technology explained in a blog post , by not defining who has the ability to grant `` authorization , '' the wording leaves much to interpretation . The bill can be partially fixed , he wrote , by `` clarifying that the vehicle owner can provide authorization for access to the software , even if the manufacturer does not provide authorization . ''
That sounds like a simple change , but any attempt to define that term may be met with resistance by vehicle manufacturers , who have used copyright law to restrict who can tinker with and repair a car for years now .
If we agree that cars are now computers , the future of car repair probably lies in its software . And if altering the software is `` hacking , '' then , as Geiger mentions later on in his post , this bill could more strictly narrow who is able to work on cars or point out their security flaws .
The question this bill is asking , then , is who owns your car ? Increasingly , manufacturers are arguing that while you may use their vehicles , the software that makes it run is theirs , and you are merely using it with their permission . As John Deere argued in a widely-discussed letter to the copyright office earlier this year , granting unlimited access to a vehicle 's code allows `` less innovative competitors to free-ride off the creativity , unique expression and ingenuity of vehicle software . '' As manufacturers bring more repairs in-house , the `` less innovative competitors '' are you or your mechanic , whether you wield a wrench or a working knowledge of vehicle software architecture . This bill could further entrench and codify the ideas initially laid out in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
`` The idea of 'If you buy it , you should own it , ' is something that keeps on coming up time and time again in our tech law . You 're going to want to tinker with it , edit the software , and that sort of thing , '' Mark Jaycox , a lawyer at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , told me . `` These types of laws are hindering innovation and this type of important research into the internet of things . ''
It 's not just repairmen , of course . `` Hackers '' are often the people keeping our data , devices , and software more secure . That 's been the case in the brief history of car hacking , perhaps to an even greater extent than in any other industry . Every major car hack has been performed by a security researcher and has been patched before a malicious actor could use it .
Charlie Miller exposed the flaw in Chrysler 's software systems . Earlier this year , Kevin Mahaffey and Marc Rogers demonstrated that it was possible to hack a Tesla . Researchers profiled by Motherboard have also exposed vulnerabilities in car software systems .
When these researchers published their hacks , Teslas and Chryslers did n't immediately get less safe ; they got much safer . Tesla and Chrysler both quickly released patches that closed the vulnerabilities revealed by the researchers . Allowing researchers and the general public to ( safely ) attack code is how security development works in every sector of the software industry , and that 's how it 'll need to work with cars .
`` In today 's world , where everything is code and network based , you need outside computer scientists and technicians to review code and exploit and hack systems and responsibly disclose any problems they find , '' Jaycox said .
The Federal Trade Commission said that , as currently constructed , the law could make all of that research illegal . `` Responsible researchers often contact companies to inform them of these vulnerabilities so that the companies can voluntarily make their cars safer . By prohibiting such access even for research purposes , this provision would likely disincentivize such research , to the detriment of consumers ' privacy , security , and safety , '' the commission wrote in a statement to Congress Wednesday .
Matt Clemens of Arxan Technologies , a firm that specializes in cybersecurity , told me the bill could be fixed , if the entire premise were to be revisited . `` The hacking prohibition needs to be yanked , or at the very least an exception added so very important security research can continue without fear of prosecution and bankruptcy , '' he said .
But then why bother with the legislation at all ? That brings us to the second major problem with the bill . As cars become more software- and sensor-intensive , car manufacturers are beginning to collect more and more data . The bill also contains a provision that exempts manufacturers from having to report that data to the FTC as long as it provides consumers and the FTC with a copy of its privacy policy .
`` A manufacturer 's policy could qualify for a safe harbor even if it states that the manufacturer collects numerous types of personal information , sells the information to third parties , and offers no choices to opt out of such collection or sale , '' the FTC wrote in its statement to Congress .
The car hacking bill is both unnecessary and could be even more restricting on consumers and researchers than current law
Legislating technology is something Congress typically has n't done very well in the past . As Geiger argues in his blog post , the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act already could be used to go after a malicious car hacker . Similarly , the DMCA may already allow manufacturers to restrict independent mechanics and consumers from repairing their vehicles .
The car hacking bill , then , is both unnecessary and could be even more restricting on consumers and researchers than current law . Whether that 's an intentional move by Congress or merely a misstep by lawmakers who do n't understand technology , it 's hard to say .
The bill was published just weeks after the VW scandal was made public ; VW 's hard-to-believe defense is that rogue software engineers tinkered with the car 's code . Under this bill , the engineers ' actions could be illegal . Lawmakers may find it prudent , Jaycox says , to have the legal framework to go after anyone who hacks a car .
`` I think it 's coming from the VW scandal , but it 's poorly drafted so that it implicates any person , even if it 's not malicious manipulation , '' he said . `` It 's a good example of one of those bills with huge , unintended consequences . ''
IGN was able to get some information from J.J. Abrams about the Portal and Half Life movies .
During a red carpet screening of Westworld , he said that both productions are :
`` still very much in development . We have a meeting coming up next week with Valve , we 're very active , I 'm hoping that there will be a Portal announcement fairly soon '' , said Abrams . `` We are having some really interesting discussions with writers , many of whom ... once you said you 're doing a movie or show about a specific thing that is a known quantity you start to find people who are rabid about these things . As someone who loves playing Half Life and Portal , what 's the movie of this , it 's incredible when you talk to someone who just ‘ gets ' it , it 's like , oh my god , it 's really the seed for this incredible tree you 're growing . ''
Both of these potential movies are based off of games created by Valve Corporation . Portal is about a character that must solve a series of puzzles by teleportation , using a special device that creates inter-spatial portals between two flat planes . A computer artificial intelligence unit called GLaDOS directs and antagonizes Chell through the game . Check out the interview with Abrams below .
Calgary police have identified the victim of a fatal shooting in the northeast on Monday night following an autopsy on Tuesday .
22-year-old Itgel Baatarsuren , of Calgary , died in Foothills Hospital after he was shot sometime on Monday night in the area of the 900 block of 36 Street N.E .
Baatarsuren was originally left at the Sheldon Chumir Centre suffering from a gunshot wound by an unknown individual driving a white Pontiac G5 .
Medical staff tended to the victim after the driver fled .
Baatarsuren was then taken to Foothills Hospital where he later died .
Police did catch up with the Pontiac G5 and questioned the driver , but released him without any charges .
Investigators are now working to find anyone who may have seen the vehicle in the 900 block of 36 Street N.E . between the hours of 7:00 and 9:00 p.m. on January 23 .
Police believe that the shooting took place in a parking lot near the location .
Anyone with information about the movements of the car , the shooting , or any other information about this homicide , is asked to call the Homicide Tip Line 403-428-8877 , the police non-emergency number 403-266-1234 or Crime Stoppers anonymously .
Get your pet on in Nintendogs instead
Kotaku has confirmed with Nintendo that the ability to pet your characters has been removed from the English localization of Fire Emblem Fates .
`` Yes , that is the case [ that petting is n't in the English version ] , '' a Nintendo representative confirmed . `` You might have heard somewhat misinterpreted or exaggerated information about the Japanese original game , but even in the Japanese original version , we have not included any features which are considered inappropriate in Japan . ''
Nintendo also reiterated that making changes during localization is not unusual . This news comes just a week after it was confirmed that controversial scenes Nintendo called `` gay conversion '' were being changed for the English release .
Now how will I pet furry characters and make them smile , as seen below ?
The Other Ways Nintendo Is Changing The English Version of Fire Emblem Fates [ Kotaku ]
You are logged out . Login | Sign up
DENVER ( CBS4/AP ) – More than a thousand people marched through downtown Denver to protest Wells Fargo bank , saying it has a lower federal tax rate than many working-class taxpayers .
Police blocked traffic from streets in the marchers ' path from a Wells Fargo building to the Colorado Convention Center a few blocks away .
The marchers chanted , “ Pay your fair share. ” The protesters did not try to enter the bank , which locked its doors .
The protest was staged by a coalition of left-leaning groups including representatives from the Colorado AFL-CIO , the Sierra Club and ProgressNow Colorado .
“ We 've got to turn things around . I really hope that the people are speaking out and that the people want to see their communities be successful and not have them pay only 3.5 percent of their taxes and not have everyone else is pay their fair share , ” Linda Mulligan with the AFL-CIO said .
“ We are doing our fair share and we are paying taxes that we owe and we will continue to listen , ” Cristie Drumm with Wells Fargo said .
The protesters also accuse the bank of improperly foreclosing on some homes .
Wells Fargo has been a frequent target lately of protest from left-leaning activists . The bank has said the protesters ' ire is misplaced .
( TM and © Copyright 2012 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries . CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2012 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license . All Rights Reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . The Associated Press contributed to this report . )
Columbus is the hop of the month for May in our Spice of Life series , the single-hop solo performance with the same beer recipe that changes each month . One of the three C 's of American hops ( along with Cascade and Centennial ) , Columbus is a citrusy , resiny , and piney-tasting hop that tastes great with spring fare or just alone . Next month , we 'll be introducing our final hop in this year 's Spice of Life rotation : Crystal . But the series wo n't just end there .
We 've enjoyed tasting our way through twelve different hops so much in this beer series , we 'll be announcing a whole new calendar of hops for next year . Some hops will remain in the rotation , while new ones will be introduced to the series ( and our palates ) . More hops , from more parts of the world = more spices of life .
Some to look out for in the upcoming months include hops that we 've never brewed with in Red Hook before : Riwaka , Pacifica , Wakatu , Summer and Ahtanum . We 're also bringing some of our favorite hops to brew with like Glacier and Sorachi Ace into the mix .
Headbrewer Ian McConnell is looking forward to the continuation of the series as well : “ The Spice of Life series is one of the most fun projects we 've done at the brewery , ” he said . “ Being able to use a new hop every month is a great opportunity . And tasty ! ”
We 'll have a full chart of these hops and their unique characteristics as each Spice of Life beer with them makes their entry into bars . And for now , grab a pint of Columbus and let us know what you think !
Well , I certainly got that one wrong .
Based on news reports , and after two phone calls to check them out , on Tuesday I wrote a column saluting Jake Tapper and CNN for saying , “ No ! ” to Kellyanne Conway when the White House offered her up as a guest for Tapper 's Sunday program . Except for Fox and Breitbart , I said , no news organization had been more useful to Donald Trump 's presidential candidacy than CNN , but now it appeared they were fed up with serving as a springboard for the lies tossed around like grenades by Trump 's propaganda minions — most notably Ms. Conway , the president 's senior adviser who doubles , I pointed out ( with apologies to my late Baptist deacon father for the language ) as the administration 's official Queen of Bullshit .
Standing up to her took some guts from Tapper and his network , given the fear and loathing Trump directs at journalists who dare exert some First Amendment independence , and I said so in the column :
“ So yes — let 's salute CNN for this one small step of resistance — for refusing to give Kellyanne Conway a forum to push the lie a little further . Perhaps I am making too much of one incident , but cheers nonetheless to Jake Tapper… Maybe , now , someone else will follow , another domino will fall , and another and another — until we in the press have collectively reclaimed our courage and independence from complicity with the state . ”
I finished the column , hit “ Send ” ( you can read it in its entirety here ) and went to do some chores , feeling a tiny bit more hopeful about my craft . On my rounds , I even fancied that in protest against the vilification constantly aimed at them by Trump and his thuggish enforcers , perhaps CNN and the other big guys on the block would pull out of the annual White House Correspondents Dinner this spring , that godawful spectacle where journalists and their corporate masters — those with much business pending before the government — preen and prance with the privileged and powerful . All are one , on a night of reveling reminiscent of the court at Versailles when it was the seat of power in the kingdom of France .
And then I was rudely awakened . Word came that CNN had reversed itself . The ban had been lifted . Conway was back — and being interviewed at that very moment by none other than Jake Tapper , whom I had only hours earlier hoisted on a pedestal .
What had happened ? We may never know . Obviously , someone high up at CNN had ordered the turnaround . My sources there said they simply did n't know who it was .
To be fair , in the rematch , Tapper was in fighting form . He questioned Conway relentlessly and pressed when she evaded , dodged or dissembled , as she did throughout their exchange , even asserting that the administration has “ a high regard for the facts. ” In all this , he held his own .
Nonetheless , the very premise of these broadcasts always enables Conway to declare “ Mission Accomplished ” when she returns to the White House . No matter how aggressive the questioners ( and most are not , except in a rigged sort of way ) , she manages to drop more lies into the public discourse , reinforce Trump 's base with the “ alternative facts ” they prefer to reality , and come across as Joan of Arc breaking the siege of Orleans . Like her boss , she often turns a question into a chance to make herself the victim : “ I know firsthand what it 's like to have all the haters descend upon you , ” she told Tapper . She is masterful at avoiding a question by changing the subject . When he tried to engage her on Trump saying things that are “ demonstrably not true , ” she responded , “ Are they more important than the many things that he says that are true that are making a difference in people 's lives ? ” Well , yes ; it 's the lies that kill democracy . If the doctor tells you the MRI shows cancer in the liver , you do n't reply , “ That 's okay . My lungs are clear . ”
With network talk shows , the format favors the fabricator . Conway 's the one determining the course of the interview .
CNN , expressing “ serious questions about her credibility , ” was right on Sunday to refuse her a forum — something press critic Jay Rosen has been urging for some time , arguing that the networks must stop booking someone who so obviously refuses to deal honestly with viewers . There were even hints the network was considering a permanent ban , the surest way to prevent a professional con artist from using you to pollute the airwaves with one flagrant lie after another . CNN 's change of heart Tuesday was a blow to its own credibility , and a disappointment to many hoping for greater courage among the media . My own cheering was premature ; I have to take it back . Hereafter , I will keep in mind Charles Dickens ' counsel not to trust flat things coming round .
I have to say that I was almost as excited as Deerslayer when I found out that he 'd gotten his first nilgai . We 'd driven around the ranch looking for a blue bull for quite some time . It was decided that night around the campfire that it must have been the rut since several males were seen in one day . Usually , they 're very elusive but not on Deerslayer 's day of glory . He got his at 7:00 in the morning . I saw one as I drove onto the ranch around 10:30 , and spotted another near the camp around 2:30 in the afternoon . Everyone made a mental note . I enjoy experimenting with wild game and everything I 've heard about this meat has been extremely positive . I had n't really thought about how the size of the muscle would influence how I would prepare it .
The backstrap is pictured on a cutting board that measures 32 inches . It was a refreshing surprise to discover that a prized cut of meat like backstrap , one that , if referring to venison , is set aside for a couple of special meals . will provide several delectable meals for 4 to 6 people . I felt like Jack ( of beanstalk fame ) in the giant 's castle . Everything was so much bigger than I was used to . Suddenly , I had at my disposal two to three times the best cuts of meat . The heart was enormous ! Deerslayer is holding it in this picture . It will be prepared just as I would a deer heart .
After packaging up all the meat , I was eager to try my first batch of “ cook all day ” nilgai . Just the “ tendony ” shank meat and neck meat filled my roasting pan so I started with that . I was pleased to discover that it cooked up just like venison or wild pork . The meat was some of the best I 've ever eaten . It was a glorious mahogany color with a rich , full flavor . I was sold .
Next , I think I 'll be taking full advantage of the extra-large , hind-quarter muscle to make some jerky . I 'll keep you posted . Then we 'll grind up our meat for the year . Once again , I 'll share the process .
Mylan NV has finalized a $ 465 million settlement with the U.S. Justice Department , resolving claims it overcharged the government for its EpiPen emergency allergy treatment , which became the center of a firestorm over price increases .
The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Massachusetts revealed the accord on Thursday , 10 months after Mylan said it reached a deal resolving claims it misclassified the EpiPen as a generic rather than a branded product , underpaying rebates to state Medicaid programs as a result .
`` Taxpayers rightly expect companies like Mylan that receive payments from taxpayer-funded programs to scrupulously follow the rules , '' Acting U.S. Attorney William Weinreb said in a statement .
The investigation followed a whistleblower lawsuit filed under the False Claims Act that rival drugmaker Sanofi SA filed in 2016 , two years after it first raised the matter with investigators , Weinreb 's office said .
As a result of the settlement , Sanofi will receive $ 38.7 million as a reward , authorities said .
`` Bringing closure to this matter is the right course of action for Mylan and our stakeholders to allow us to move forward , '' Mylan Chief Executive Heather Bresch said in a statement .
Mylan shares gained 1 percent to $ 30.76 on the Nasdaq .
Sanofi did not immediately respond to a request for comment .
The EpiPen , which Mylan acquired in 2007 , is a handheld device that treats life-threatening allergic reactions by automatically injecting a dose of epinephrine .
Mylan came under fire last year after raising the price of a pair of EpiPens to $ 600 , from $ 100 in 2008 , and listing it with Medicaid as a generic product even though it is listed with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration as a branded one .
The price increase enraged consumers and put the drugmaker at the center of the ongoing debate over the high cost of prescription medicines in the United States .
Mylan has since offered its own generic version for about $ 300 in response to the furor .
The Justice Department settlement centered on claims that Mylan misclassified the EpiPen as a generic product , which under Medicaid does not require the same level of rebates as brand-name products .
The $ 465-million settlement has previously come under attack by members of Congress in both parties who have called it too small .
An analysis by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services ' Office of Inspector General released in May found the U.S. government may have overpaid for EpiPens by as much as $ 1.27 billion between 2006 and 2016 .
Why Gwendoline Christie Could Be Very Important To The Future Of Star Wars By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
SPOILER WARNING : While this story is coming to us as a rumor , there is still a possibility that it may be a spoiler for Star Wars : The Force Awakens . If you do not wish to know any details prior to seeing the movie for yourself , please click away to one of our other articles .
This story is the latest reported by
In the description of Captain Phasma , it 's suggested that The Force Awakens will position her as a `` Boba Fett-type '' - and while that may sound exciting , it also has its drawbacks . After all , the Mandalorian armor-wearing bounty hunter was arguably the most badass-looking character in the original trilogy , but he did n't actually get to do very much other than stand around . This was very much a result of George Lucas not utilizing the character 's full potential , but if Captain Phasma becomes beloved fast enough , we can count on the franchise taking advantage of that fact .
It 's also worth noting that there seems to be a pretty good reason that Captain Phasma 's role in Star Wars : The Force Awakens would be somewhat minimized : she will be sharing screentime with two other antagonists .
Hopefully we wo n't have to wait long before actual official details come out about Captain Phasma , as we are now just a couple weeks away from the biggest Star Wars event of the year . The annual Star Wars Celebration event will be kicking off on April 16th , and it 's expected that the expo will be used as a platform to not only launch a new Force Awakens trailer , but also spill the beans on the movie 's plot and characters . We 'll have to wait and see how it turns out , but we will be on the ground covering it ! J.J. Abrams ' Star Wars : The Force Awakens promises to be a rather epic cinematic event , but the truth of the matter is that it 's just the start of something a whole lot bigger . The blockbuster will be kicking off an entire new era of Star Wars movies , and in the span of just a few years it will be followed by Star Wars : Episode VIII and Episode IX . Obviously at this point we do n't really know what directions the franchise will go in , but if a new rumor is to be believed , then Game of Thrones star Gwendoline Christie may be on track to become a key part of the series ' future.This story is the latest reported by Making Star Wars , and links back to a story from about three months ago regarding a character named Captain Phasma . At the time , it was speculated that this character would be played by Gwendoline Christie and that she would be a chrome Stormtrooper and the commanding officer of Finn ( John Boyega ) . Now a few new rumored details have emerged about her , including the fact that she plays a rather minimal part in Star Wars : The Force Awakens , but is an `` emerging character '' who is expected to continue her arc in Star Wars : Episode VIII and possibly beyond.In the description of Captain Phasma , it 's suggested that The Force Awakens will position her as a `` Boba Fett-type '' - and while that may sound exciting , it also has its drawbacks . After all , the Mandalorian armor-wearing bounty hunter was arguably the most badass-looking character in the original trilogy , but he did n't actually get to do very much other than stand around . This was very much a result of George Lucas not utilizing the character 's full potential , but if Captain Phasma becomes beloved fast enough , we can count on the franchise taking advantage of that fact.It 's also worth noting that there seems to be a pretty good reason that Captain Phasma 's role in Star Wars : The Force Awakens would be somewhat minimized : she will be sharing screentime with two other antagonists . Kylo Ren - the hooded figure with the crossguard lightsaber in the debut trailer - is said to be the primary villain of the blockbuster , and he will be getting most of the exposure . Also reportedly in the mix is Andy Serkis ' character , whom Making Star Wars refers to as `` Uber . '' Even his role is incredibly tiny compared to Kylo Ren 's , however , and the site says he will only be in about three scenes.Hopefully we wo n't have to wait long before actual official details come out about Captain Phasma , as we are now just a couple weeks away from the biggest Star Wars event of the year . The annual Star Wars Celebration event will be kicking off on April 16th , and it 's expected that the expo will be used as a platform to not only launch a new Force Awakens trailer , but also spill the beans on the movie 's plot and characters . We 'll have to wait and see how it turns out , but we will be on the ground covering it ! Star Wars IX Title Leak : Is This It ? And Where 's the Trailer ? Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Not your imagination : Traffic is getting worse Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A real-time traffic sign along an Oregon road , undated ( KOIN , file ) [ + - ] Video
PORTLAND , Ore. ( KOIN ) -- It 's not your imagination . Traffic around the Portland area is getting worse , and the Departments of Transportation in both Oregon and Washington are well aware .
`` The peak periods are starting earlier , and they 're lasting longer , '' said WashDOT spokesperson Bart Treece . `` There are slower travel speeds as people are heading through some of these major corridors like I-5 and I-205 . ''
`` Traffic congestion is worse everywhere in the Portland area , '' said ODOT Spokesperson Don Hamilton . `` It 's been true for a couple of years . ''
Hamilton says this is a problem essentially caused by good things : a growing economy , more tourism and cheap gas . Population is also a huge factor , too .
The recently signed Oregon Transportation Package is expected to help over the next decade , particularly in developing ways to reduce crashes and speed up clean after crashes do happen .
One example is on OR 217 , where ODOT introduced real-time signs to alert drivers of slow downs .
`` When we put this in on Highway 217 we saw a 21 % drop in crashes in the first year , '' Hamilton said . `` That 's a significant improvement in the efficiency of the roadway . ''
In Washington , WashDOT is trying things like ramp metering on I-5 entrances to try to ease congestion wherever they can .
Ultimately , though , in this economy with continued population growth , traffic is something is seeming we 'll need to learn to live with .
`` It 's not perfect , '' Treece said . `` This area lot of different things that could work , but there 's not one solution that 's going to cure everything . ''
At a time when banks are displaying a deep interest in the blockchain technology underlying cryptocurrencies like bitcoin , the Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. ( GS ) has made a big leap forward . Its application regarding the patent of ‘ cryptographic currency technology ' has brought it under the spotlight as well as placed it ahead of many others in the race to harness the power of blockchain .
The New York-based financial services giant 's patent was filed in October 2014 , but only published recently by the US Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) . According to the application titled , “ Cryptographic Currency For Securities Settlement , ” Goldman Sachs is seeking patent protection for a settlement system for securities market based on cryptographic currency protocol , which introduces its own cryptographic currency - the SETLcoin .
The regular settlement procedure in securities markets is handled by clearing houses , such as National Securities Clearing Corporation ( NSCC ) wherein a settlement time of minimum one business day ( in case of listed options and government securities ) to three business days ( for marketable securities ) after the execution of trade is required . In addition to the huge time consumption that goes into such settlements , the procedure also involves certain proportion of risk for the parties during the settlement interval that ‘ follows trading and precedes settlement . '
Goldman Sachs ' patent application means that the settlement procedures are carried out via a cryptographic currency , as it facilitates rapid , secure and confirmed transactions via a network , thereby eliminating the need for a third party . This results in extremely timely and efficient settlements .
It further describes how the technology would replace the existing system of clearance and payments . Just like individuals ( investors or traders ) have traditional securities and cash accounts , the technology would provide a virtual multi-asset wallet that would generate , manipulate and store a new cryptocurrency referred to as SETLcoins .
The cryptographic currency SETLcoin would facilitate the exchange of assets via a peer-to-peer network while the underlying technology would further facilitate transactions between virtual wallets , as well as between virtual and non-virtual wallets on the same peer-to-peer network .
This would change the way settlement of securities are traditionally carried out . The patent application describes , “ A trader no longer trades securities by meeting at an exchange with an indication of cash for security and then settles the transaction seconds , hours , or days later , meanwhile bearing all of the associated credit risk in the interim . Traders using the described technology exchange securities by presenting an open transaction on the associated funds in their respective wallets . ”
The ownership of SETLcoin will be transferred immediately after authentication and verification based on network ledgers within the peer-to-peer network , thereby making “ nearly instantaneous execution and settlement ” possible .
The technology generates SETLcoin transactions based on the contents in the wallet . Say , Trader A enters his order into his wallet , and Trader B enters her order into her wallet ; then based on the orders , the described technology generates the appropriate transaction messages , which are broadcast to the network for authentication and verification . The figure below is a flow diagram implementing various aspects of the described technology :
Once the transaction is sent to the network , the settlement is immediate and thus requires traders to be prepared to make the trade . For the process to happen smoothly , the technology has implemented a two-phase commitment protocol to ensure that both traders are ready to send their respective transaction messages .
Final Word
Goldman Sachs has been proactive with its comments and ventures towards cryptocurrencies and the blockchain technology . Back in 2014 , the company had released a report which acknowledged the ledger-based technology as one that “ could hold promise. ” In early 2015 , another report by Goldman Sachs mentioned that “ bitcoin and cryptocurrencies promise to change the mechanics of transactions . ”
In April 2015 , Goldman Sachs , along with China-based IDG Capital Partners , led a $ 50 million investment into Circle Internet Financial Limited , a bitcoin start-up working on using bitcoin 's underlying technology to improve consumer payments . Goldman Sachs also was among the initial members to partner with R3 , an innovation firm working on the distributive ledger initiative .
While the increasing interest and involvement of big banks towards the technology is evident , the news of Goldman Sachs patent filing opens up the possibility that they are more deeply ( and even secretively ) involved , than originally though .
Professor Postol deserves your time and attention . He speaks with reason and logic . These are qualities that appear to be strangers to Donald Trump and his coterie of sychophants .
Let me give you the bottomline from his analysis -- there is no credible evidence that the Government of Syria launched an aerial chemical weapons attack with Sarin on the people of Khan Shaykhun , Syria :
Professor Emeritus Theodore A. Postol has produced an addendum to his original critique of the flawed and deceptive propaganda churned out by the Trump White House and presented as if it was intelligence . If you take time to read Professor Postol 's thoughtful analysis , the fraud being perpetrated by the Trump team will become quite clear . Theodore Postol is Professor Emeritus of Science , Technology , and National Security Policy at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He is not some arm chair quarterback lacking in experience and judgment .
This addendum is a follow-up to the report A Quick Turnaround Assessment of the White House Intelligence Report Issued on April 11 , 2017 about the Nerve Agent Attack in Khan Shaykhun , Syria . The full “ Quick Turnaround ” was written on the evening of April 11 after a quick review of the White House Intelligence Report ( WHR ) issued on the same day . This addendum provides data that unambiguously shows that the assumption in the WHR that there was no tampering with the alleged site of the sarin release is not correct . This egregious error raises questions about every other claim in the WHR .
As noted in the main body of my earlier report , the assumption in WHR that the site of the alleged sarin release had not been tampered with was totally unjustified and no competent intelligence analyst would have agreed that this assumption was valid . The implication of this observation is clear – the WHR was not reviewed and released by any competent intelligence expert unless they were motivated by factors other than concerns about the accuracy of the report .
The WHR also makes claims about “ communications intercepts ” which supposedly provide high confidence that the Syrian government was the source of the attack . There is no reason to believe that the veracity of this claim is any different from the now verified false claim that there was unambiguous evidence of a sarin release at the cited crater .
The White House intelligence report states that :
The United States is confident that the Syrian regime conducted a chemical weapons attack , using the nerve agent sarin . It also contains additional assertions that were key elements for underpinning its claim of a high confidence assessment :
We have confidence in our assessment because we have signals intelligence and geospatial intelligence , laboratory analysis of physiological samples collected from multiple victims , as well as a significant body of credible open source reporting , that tells a clear and consistent story .
An open source video also shows where we believe the chemical munition landed—not on a facility filled with weapons , but in the middle of a street in the northern section of Khan Shaykhun [ Emphasis Added ] . Commercial satellite imagery of that site from April 6 , after the allegation , shows a crater in the road that corresponds to the open source video .
… observed munition remnants at the crater and staining around the impact point are consistent with a munition that functioned .
Last November , for instance , senior Russian officials used an image from a widely publicized regime chemical weapons attack in 2013 on social media platforms to publicly allege chemical weapons use by the opposition .
The evidence that unambiguously shows that the assumption that the sarin release crater was tampered with is contained in six photographs . . . .
Figure 1 shows a man standing in the alleged sarin-release crater . He is wearing a honeycomb facemask that is designed to filter small particles from the air . Other apparel on him is an open necked cloth shirt and what appear to be medical exam gloves .
Two other men are standing in front of him ( on the left in the photograph ) also wearing honeycomb facemask 's and medical exam gloves .
If there were any sarin present at this location when this photograph was taken everybody in the photograph would have received a lethal or debilitating dose of sarin .
The fact that these people were dressed so inadequately either suggests a complete ignorance of the basic measures needed to protect an individual from sarin poisoning , or that they knew that the site was not seriously contaminated .
This is the crater that is the centerpiece evidence provided in the WHR for a sarin attack delivered by a Syrian aircraft .
FIGURE 1
Figure 2 shows the location of the crater on a Google Earth map of the Northeast part of Khan Sheikun . The white arrow labeled camera direction indicates the bore site of the camera when the photograph was taken . The white dot connected to a line shows the approximate location of the camera when the photo was taken . The direction the camera is looking is North Northeast .
FIGURE 2
Figure 3 shows a photograph of the same street and crater when it is unoccupied by people . This photograph is taken from a slightly greater distance away from the crater but the bore site of the camera is in the same direction – North Northeast .
FIGURE 3
Figure 4 shows the crater , probably shortly after the tampering occurred that is documented in Figure 1 .
The camera bore site is downward into the crater and its azimuth is roughly East Northeast . Note that the surgical gloves that can be seen on the ground behind the man in the crater in Figure 1 can be seen almost unmoved in the photograph shown in Figure 4 . This strongly suggests that the photograph was taken a relatively short time after the tampering occurred .
FIGURE 4
Figure 5 shows the crater at a time that may have been before the tampering occurred . The bottom of the crater looks rather different and the piece of pipe , which is clearly lying on top of the bottom of the crater in Figure 4 , now appears to be partially buried . The photograph in Figure 5 is taken with the bore site of the camera looking roughly west .
FIGURE 5
Figure 6 shows a photograph of the crater , probably taken at about the same time as the photo in Figure 5 , with the azimuth of the bore site of the camera looking Southwest .
FIGURE 6
Summary and Conclusions from the Data
We repeat here a quote from the WHR :
An open source video also shows where we believe the chemical munition landed—not on a facility filled with weapons , but in the middle of a street in the northern section of Khan Shaykhun [ Emphasis Added ] . Commercial satellite imagery of that site from April 6 , after the allegation , shows a crater in the road that corresponds to the open source video .
The data provided in these photographs make it clear that the WHR made no serious attempt to collect data that would support its “ confident assessment ” that there was data to unambiguously support a conclusion that the Syrian government executed a sarin attack as indicated by the location and characteristics of the crater .
This does not appear to be a mistake .
It is hard for me to believe that anybody competent could have been involved in producing the WHR report and the implications of such an obviously predetermined result strongly suggests that this report was not motivated by a serious analysis of any kind .
This finding is disturbing . It indicates that the WHR was probably a report purely aimed at justifying actions that were not supported by any legitimate intelligence .
This is not a unique situation . President George W. Bush has argued that he was misinformed about unambiguous evidence that Iraq was hiding a substantial amount of weapons of mass destruction . This false intelligence led to a US attack on Iraq that started a process that ultimately led to a political disintegration in the Middle East , which through a series of unpredicted events then led to the rise of the Islamic State .
On August 30 , 2013 , the White House produced a similarly false report about the nerve agent attack on August 21 , 2013 in Damascus . This report also contained numerous intelligence claims that could not be true . An interview with President Obama published in The Atlantic in April 2016 indicates that Obama was initially told that there was solid intelligence that the Syrian government was responsible for the nerve agent attack of August 21 , 2013 in Ghouta , Syria . Obama reported that he was later told that the intelligence was not solid by the then Director of National Intelligence , James Clapper .
Equally serious questions are raised about the abuse of intelligence findings by the incident in 2013 . Questions that have not been answered about that incident is how the White House produced a false intelligence report with false claims that could obviously be identified by experts outside the White House and without access to classified information . There also needs to be an explanation of why this 2013 false report was not corrected . Secretary of State John Kerry emphatically testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee repeating information in this so-called un-equivocating report .
On August 30 , 2013 Secretary of State Kerry made the following statement from the Treaty Room in the State Department :
Our intelligence community has carefully reviewed and re-reviewed information regarding this attack [ Emphasis added ] , and I will tell you it has done so more than mindful of the Iraq experience . We will not repeat that moment . Accordingly , we have taken unprecedented steps to declassify and make facts available to people who can judge for themselves .
It is now obvious that a second incident similar to what happened in the Obama administration has now occurred in the Trump administration .
In this case , the president , supported by his staff , made a decision to launch 59 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base . This action was accompanied by serious risks of creating a confrontation with Russia , and also undermining cooperative efforts to win the war against the Islamic State .
Prior to these two inexplicable false intelligence reports , we had the incident in the Bush administration that led us to make decisions that we are still trying to deal with today .
I therefore conclude that there needs to be a comprehensive investigation of these events that have either misled people in the White House , or worse yet , been perpetrated by people seeking to force decisions that were not justified by the cited intelligence .
This is a serious matter and should not be allowed to continue .
Sincerely yours ,
Theodore A. PostoL
Professor Emeritus of Science , Technology , and National Security Policy Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos ! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer . 2014 September 23
Aurora and Volcanic Light Pillar
Image Credit & Copyright : Stéphane Vetter ( Nuits sacrées )
Explanation : That 's no sunset . And that thin red line just above it -- that 's not a sun pillar . The red glow on the horizon originates from a volcanic eruption , and the red line is the eruption 's reflection from fluttering atmospheric ice crystals . This unusual volcanic light pillar was captured over Iceland earlier this month . The featured scene looks north from Jökulsárlón toward the erupting volcano Bárðarbunga in the Holuhraun lava field . Even the foreground sky is picturesque , with textured grey clouds in the lower atmosphere , shimmering green aurora in the upper atmosphere , and bright stars far in the distance . Although the last eruption from Holuhraun was in 1797 , the present volcanic activity continues .
WHEN Matt Tidbury first started developing a board game to teach his children maths , he just wanted them to enjoy learning .
Now , seven years later , his three children have left school , but his zombie invasion board game has just won three gold awards at the UK Games Expo .
City of Zombies took the top prize for best numeracy game , the best family game and players ' choice at the Birmingham Hilton show from May 30 to June 1 .
Mr Tidbury , 51 , of Lydalls Road , Didcot , said : “ This is such a huge deal , and completely unexpected .
“ I took the game along for people to try out , and it was played continuously . ”
The Best Numeracy Game category , for “ games that count ” , was judged by a panel of teachers and parents with experience using games to teach maths .
The Best Family Game title was awarded by staff from Imagination Gaming , a company specialising in educational gaming and the Players ' Choice award was voted for by expo visitors who spent their weekend playing games .
Mr Tidbury , who lives with wife Amanda , said : “ All I ever wanted was to help kids enjoy maths and not be scared by it .
“ The expo is a huge thing in the gaming world , just to be nominated for the awards was fantastic in itself . ”
As testament to its popularity , Sonning Common Primary School has now bought 12 copies of the game for its pupils .
Mr Tidbury , a full-time design consultant , said : “ They originally bought six copies , and I said ‘ that 's fantastic ' .
“ I delivered the copies , and stayed to play it with the kids and teach them .
“ I must have played with 120 children that first afternoon . ”
The school has now ordered another six games .
In City of Zombies , up to six players work together and roll dice to try to eliminate ranks of flesh-eating zombies as they march up the board .
The game , recommended for ages eight and up , lasts roughly half an hour .
Mr Tidbury had 1,000 copies printed and delivered to his home on December 14 .
The game is available from cityofzombies.com for £29.99 .
Do you want alerts delivered straight to your phone via our WhatsApp service ? Text NEWS , SPORT and JAYDEN depending on what services you want , and your full name to 07767 417704 . Save our number into your phone as Oxford Mail WhatsApp and ensure you have WhatsApp installed .
Description :
Ping is one of the most useful network debugging tools available . The first ping
program was written by Mike Muuss in December 1983 for use on Unix machines . Muuss
named his program after the sonar sounds used for echolocation by submarines ,
although some says ping stands for `` Packet InterNet Grouper '' . Ping sends a small
packet of information containing an ICMP ECHO_REQUEST to a specified computer ,
which then sends an ECHO_REPLY packet in return . The ping program then evaluates
this reply , and a report is shown . You can check several things with the ping
program : can you reach another computer , how long does it take to bounce a packet
off of another site ( what is the distance ) , ... You can ping either a domain name ,
or an IP address . Functionality to show domain names when using IP addresses is
supported . Even routing options are available , alas only 9 routes can be shown due
to the structure of the IP header ( RFC 792 ) . Why did I write my own ping program ?
There are two main reasons : a ) It wanted to know how the ping program worked . I
found it really intriguing and was very curious and b ) There was a need for a
better ping program here at the lab where I work .
We have new details about a southeast Houston home invasion that ended in a suspect 's death . The terrified resident who pulled the trigger spoke exclusively to Eyewitness News . The tables were turned the three armed intruders late last night at the Broadway Square Apartments off Broadway and Rockhill .
It was around 10:45pm when the husband and wife say they heard about 15 minutes of knocking at their door . On the other side was a woman who was calling out to see if anyone was home .
The wife says as her husband went to the bedroom to grab a shirt , she went against her gut feeling and opened the door . Within seconds , she was bum-rushed by two men , one of whom pointed a gun at her .
She screamed and her husband grabbed his shotgun . When the suspect pointed his pistol , the resident fired , hitting the suspect in the chest , killing him . That suspect has been identified as Miguel Antonio Valencia-Mejia , 33 , of Houston .
`` I feel like it 's good , '' said resident Latoya Crosby . `` They should n't be robbing ( anyone ) . ''
Neighbors say they 're scared and now looking for ways to protect themselves .
`` I have mace . That 's all I have , '' said resident Keisha Curtis . `` With a criminal , it would just upset them and make problems worse . ''
`` I tried to get a gun and get a license , '' said Crosby .
The young husband says he 's sad he had to resort to a gun , but happy he was able to protect his wife .
The couple says their upstairs neighbor was robbed recently and they believe robbery was a motive in their case . Police say the male and female suspect were able to get anyway .
Authorities were able to recover a gun . The other two suspects managed to get away .
The victims are now packing up to move out .
We 've all seen the headlines from Labour 's inquiry into its election defeat released last week . ‘ Miliband seen as weak ' , ‘ Labour not trusted on the economy , ' and so on ad infinitum . But in listing four reasons for defeat , one thing was pleasingly notable for its absence : the Greens .
The Green Party have long been an easy cop-out for some tribalists within Labour to explain defeats . The ‘ stealing votes ' narrative is well known by Greens , and can generally be met with a groan and a fatigued opposition to the idea that Labour ‘ own ' votes . But the Beckett Report is surprisingly magnanimous – and it is by no means meant to be – in its handling of the Greens in terms of the 2015 General Election . The ‘ Greens cost us the election ' argument – thankfully on the wane though never quite dead – is swiftly dealt with .
Here are four reasons the Greens did n't cost Labour last May 's election , according to Labour itself :
1 ) Firstly , and simply , the Greens did n't take any Labour seats .
We already had Brighton Pavilion . And Green wins add to the anti-Tory bloc . The report states : “ Both UKIP and the Greens made large gains in votes but won only one seat each . Analysis suggests that votes that went to UKIP and the Greens did not significantly affect the overall outcome of the election , i.e . the number of seats won by Labour and the Tories . ”
2 ) It 's not just that we did n't win seats though : Green votes mainly came from the Lib Dem collapse rather than Labour voters :
“ There were 43 English ( mainly South and Midlands ) and Welsh Labour target seats where the Green vote rose by more than the Labour vote . While some people switched to the Greens from Labour , they were probably few in number . The increase in Green votes came overwhelmingly from the 2010 Liberal Democrats and was correlated with those constituencies where the Liberal Democrat vote collapsed the most , including some of the seats that the Liberal Democrats lost to Labour . ”
3 ) There 's almost a hint of praise for Greens ' tactical voting – Greens tend to vote Labour in marginal seats :
“ What is certain…is that there was significant tactical voting by Green supporters , including many who voted Green in the local elections , who backed Labour in marginal seats . We can therefore conclude with some confidence that Labour was successful at attracting the support of Greens and that their rise played little part in Labour 's defeat . ”
Whether they attracted that support on merit or simply so that Greens could keep out Tories is neither here nor there : Greens use their votes carefully under our broken First Past the Post voting system . Indeed , Labour 's only Southern victory can be put down to tactical Greens , suggest the authors : “ Our only gain in a southern town was Hove , where we had a very strong local campaign and probably benefited from tactical voting by Green supporters . ”
4 ) Finally , the report offers a welcome rebuttal to the tired ‘ Labour was too left wing ' mantra . “ Many of our most “ left wing ” polices were the most popular ” – indeed the Greens ' quadrupling vote share can no doubt in part be put down to its positioning as the ‘ true ' left party in the face of Labour wobbling . The left-wing policies Labour did have ( rent controls , gradual rail renationalisation etc ) “ were the kind of policies the public expected from Labour . ”
Indeed , they were quite probably a boon : “ An analysis by BES suggests that some of those who supported us would have been less likely to had they seen us as less left wing. ” Left-wing policies are often the vote winners : “ Both the SNP and Greens gained votes in this election and arguably they were seen as to the left of Labour . ”
So , Greens are absolved , and the easy get-out-clause of anti-pluralists is pacified . It was n't the Greens that lost the election for Labour : it was Labour itself .
US Open - as it happened : Jordan Spieth wins US Open ahead of Dustin Johnson in thrilling finish
Updated
Jordan Spieth has won the US Open , adding to his Masters victory earlier in the year .
In a thrilling finish , Spieth managed to hold off fellow American Dustin Johnson and fast-finishing South African Louis Oosthuizen to win by one stroke .
Johnson , who has now played in the final group of a major four times without winning one , missed a four-foot putt on the last hole that would have sent the tournament to a play-off .
After taking a share of the lead into the final round , Jason Day fell down the leaderboard as he continued to battle illness , but finished in a tie for ninth , while Adam Scott and 21-year-old Cameron Smith finished tied for fourth on 3-under .
Topics : golf , sport , united-states
First posted
Silje Rønning Kampesæter is being kicked out of Turkey . The previous time Aftenposten experienced something similar was in 1971 , when this newspaper 's Moscow-correspondent Per Egil Hegge was expelled from the Soviet Union .
— Aftenposten is looking very seriously at the fact that we are in effect declared non grata , says editor-in-chief Espen Egil Hansen .
— We are permanently based in Russia and China without major problems , but are not allowed to stay in NATO-member Turkey . This is completely unacceptable , especially since a close millitary allied shows contempt for basic freedom of press , he adds .
Objections againts fiancee
Ms. Kampesæter opened Aftenposten 's bureau in Istanbul last year . After six weeks her application for a permanent press accreditation was rejected , which also implies that she will not be granted a residence permit .
Turkish authorities have not been willing to give Aftenposten a formal rejection of the application for a residence permit , and they have not issued any written statement on the reason why Ms. Kampesæter has not been granted a press card .
From what Aftenposten has learned the Turks have made it clear that their objection is directed against her fiancee , who moved to Istanbul with Ms. Kampesæter . He was born and raised in Germany and is a German citizen , as are his parents , but their ethnic background is Kurdish , and they left Turkey in the 1970 's .
Aftenposten has formally requested information from the authorities about what concrete reasons lie behind the refusal to issue a press accreditation and residence permit to our correspondent . This request has been rejected by the Turkish embassy in Oslo .
— Every case is being considered on the basis of its own criteria . Turkish autorities will not make any statement about the reason why someone is refused a press accreditation , and they have not done so in Ms. Kampesæter 's case , according to the deputy embassy chief , Ülkü Kocaefe .
Fears fabricated evidence
— My fiancee has done nothing else than having a Kurdish background . He had hardly visited Turkey before this . If they really meant that he has done something wrong , they might have acted while we stayed in the country for over a month after they told me about the rejection . There was more than enough time to interrogate him , arrest him or kick him out of the country for that matter . They did not . And we had no problems when leaving Turkey . As this matter is now coming to a head , Ms. Kampesæter is fearing that someone might fabricate « evidence » against her fiancee .
— We are aware that serious accusations may be raised when this case becomes public , in order to prevent the autorities from losing face .
Low standing in press freedom index
The organization Reporters without borders have ranked Turkey as no . 149 out of 180 countries in its index of press freedom , i.e . behind Zimbabwe , South-Sudan and Afghanistan , mainly because of increasing censorship online , legal action against media , sacking of critical journalists and gagging of Turkish media .
Turkey has also received harsh criticism for human rights violations . Norway 's embassy in Ankara said in a report to the Foreign Ministry in Oslo last December that « Turkey finds itself in a dark , dark valley where fundamental human rights are threatened in the way the nation has not seen in several decades » .
A fresh example on suppression of the press is the imprisonment of staff from the Turkish daily Cumhuriyet . The chief editor Can Dundar and bureau chief Erdem Gul could get a life sentence for having published information that trucks belonging to Turkish intelligence were stopped and searched in the southern part of the country , on their way to delivering weapons to Syrian opposition groups .
Forreign minister : Dissapointing
Norway 's foreign ministry has also been in contact with Turkish authorities about this case , most recently when foreign minister Børge Brende met his colleague in Ankara last month.— Turkey plays an essential role , regionally and internationally . Therefore it is regrettable that Aftenposten 's Middle East correspondent has not been given the necessary permits to establish herself in Turkey , says Mr. Brende . The minister does not wish to speculate why permission has not been granted , but he adds that Turkish authorities have underlined that this is in no way connected to any form of negative estimation of Aftenposten .
— I have already raised the matter with the Turkish foreign minister , and as he indicated the refusal would be maintained , I expressed my disappointment . We are considering the follow-up , says Mr. Brende .
Asked to send a new correspondent
The Turkish embassy in Norway have indicated that the press accreditation would be granted , if the paper changes its correspondent . Aftenposten has no such intention . The alternative is to move the Middle East bureau to Amman , Jordan .
— Of course we never even considered complying with Turkey 's request to send a different correspondent . Aftenposten choses its own employees , and we think Silje Kampesæther has done a good job in Turkey , in spite of extremely difficult working conditions . Her integrity in these questions has never been disputed . It is disappointing that we have to move the bureau to Jordan , but this of course does not mean that we will stop reporting from Turkey , says chief editor Espen Egil Hansen .
Concerned about press freedom
The organisation International Press Institute ( IPI ) , which works for international freedom of the press , say they are not surpised to hear about Aftenposten 's problems in Turkey .
— We are very concerned about press freedom in Turkey . They have shown a willingness to imprison journalists . We have also seen that journalists have been arrested or thrown out of the country based on rather vague accusations about support for terrorist groups , says Steven Ellis , director of communications with IPI .
— The situation is particularly bad in southeastern Turkey , where the press is in effect beeing refused access , he says , referring to the part of the country where the Kurds make up the majority .
- Will Brende `` walk the talk '' ?
The Norwegian press association says it is totally unacceptable that Turkey , a NATO-ally , in effect makes it impossible for Aftenposten to establish a correspondent bureau in the country .
— It should not be possible for a nation like Turkey to do such a thing , but unfortunately this is not very surprising , considering the conditions the local press is working under . Obviously Turkey does not recognize the free press , says the press association 's secretary general Kjersti Løken Stavrum . She adds that this situation involves a challenge for Norway 's government .
— Foreign minister Brende promised to « walk the talk » as he launched the ministry 's new initiative for press freedom and human rights , and then suddenly he gets this delicate matter on the table . Now we will see if he really acts on his own promises , says Ms. Løken Stavrum .
Steve Bannon Mark Wilson/Getty Images A group of Democratic senators , including Massachusetts ' Elizabeth Warren , want to know whether Steve Bannon , President Donald Trump 's chief strategist and former Breitbart News chairman , violated government ethics rules when he communicated with Breitbart about the site 's coverage of the White House .
In a Thursday letter to Bannon , the senators pointed to news reports , including one published by Business Insider , that said Bannon instructed Breitbart editors to stop publishing stories critical of chief of staff Reince Priebus .
In February , Axios reported that Bannon was `` furious '' about the stories concerning Priebus . `` Bannon got [ Breitbart editor Matt ] Boyle on the phone and gave the Washington editor 'both barrels , ' '' Axios wrote .
Bannon himself confirmed the reporting , telling The Daily Beast that he `` went ballistic '' during his call with Boyle .
In March , Business Insider reported that Bannon and other White House officials attempted to appease Boyle by giving him one-on-one interviews with Trump , White House press secretary Sean Spicer , and then-deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh .
While Breitbart has denied that Bannon has any influence over their coverage , Alex Marlow , the site 's editor-in-chief , told NBC in March that Bannon reaches out to him `` every so often . ''
The letter 's authors — Warren , Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island , Edward Markey of Massachusetts , and Mazie Hirono of Hawaii , argued that Bannon 's communications with his former employer violate an executive order Trump signed in January . Also known as the White House Ethics Pledge , it prohibits appointees in executive agencies from meeting or communicating with former employers or clients for the first two years of their time in government .
The letter also said Bannon is subject to regulations promulgated by the Office of Government Ethics , which require that executive branch employees `` avoid an appearance of loss of impartiality in the performance of ... official duties '' by `` participating in any matter '' with an employer for which the person has worked in the past year .
`` Because they relate to news coverage of the Trump Administration , your conversations appear to qualify as 'communication [ s ] relating to the performance of [ your ] official duties with a former employer , ' '' the senators wrote . `` In addition , because you left your position at Breitbart less than one year ago , these communications appear to be in clear violation of both the pledge and OGE regulations . ''
A similar letter was also sent to Stefan Passantino , the White House 's agency ethics official .
The senators demanded that Bannon tell them whether he received any waivers that would have allowed him to communicate with Breitbart employees . They also asked Bannon to reveal whether he has been disciplined by the Office of the White House Counsel .
In March , The Daily Beast reported that no White House employees — all of whom have signed the Ethics Pledge — have received waivers .
Neither the White House nor Breitbart immediately responded to requests for comment .
A wave of Palestinian unrest escalated on Monday when a 25-year-old Israeli woman and a soldier , aged 20 , were killed in two separate stabbing attacks that occurred within hours of each other .
The woman was stabbed outside the settlement of Alon Shvut in the West Bank by a man who had initially tried to drive his vehicle into a group of people waiting at a hitchhiking stop , according to police .
When the attempt was blocked by concrete traffic bollards , he left the vehicle and attacked the woman and two men with a knife . The two men , aged 26 and 50 , were said to have suffered light to moderate wounds .
The attacker , named as Maher al-Hashlamun from the West Bank city of Hebron , was shot by a security guard from the nearby settlement and later died from his wounds . He was identified as a member of the Islamic Jihad militant group who had served time in Israeli jails for throwing Molotov cocktails .
The incident happened close to the Etzion junction , where three Israeli teenagers were abducted last June and subsequently found murdered – an event that eventually triggered a 50-day war in Gaza and led to tension in Jerusalem that continues to simmer .
The attack happened around four hours after Almog Shiloni , who served in the Israeli airforce , was left in a pool of blood after being stabbed several times at Tel Aviv 's Hahaganah railway station . He was taken to Sheva Medical Centre at Tal Hashomer but died of his wounds on Monday evening .
Police said the attack was carried out by a Palestinian , named as Nur al-Din Abu Khashiyeh , 18 , from Askar refugee camp near Nablus in the West Bank , who was said to have entered Israeli illegally .
The attacker escaped with the soldier 's weapon after witnesses intervened
Police arrested him in the stairway of a nearby block of flats , where he was said to be lying flat on his back “ in a state of collapse ” . He was later said to be under interrogation by the Shin Bet , Israel 's domestic intelligence agency .
Monday 's incidents were the latest in a spate of recent attacks but were the first to take place outside Jerusalem – bearing out warnings that the violence and tensions that have plagued the city could spread .
Israeli emergency services volunteers on the scene of the stabbing in the West Bank ( AFP )
The warnings followed the death on Saturday of an Arab man in northern Israel after he was shot by police who said he had threatened them with a knife . Video footage suggested the man was trying to run away when he was shot .
Four people have been killed in two separate attacks on Jerusalem tram stops in recent weeks in which Palestinian motorists drove on to platforms crowded with passengers . In another incident Yehuda Glick , a far-Right Israeli activist , was seriously injured when he was shot by a Palestinian man on a motorcycle . The suspected gunman was later killed when special forces raided his Jerusalem home .
Tottenham Hotspur are going to play Manchester United at home tomorrow and we are definitely not doomed because the team has signed up AVB for a Twitter account and now Spurs fans can show the team the way .
Some teams would be forced to muddle through a goal drought and settling in a new team by themselves , but not Spurs . They can count on their fans to help them and support them and show them how to fix all their problems .
We 've all seen it in our Twitter feeds : `` I die a little inside when we pass it backwards . '' `` How is AVB the only one not seeing this ? '' `` I 've always said we should start Ade . '' `` Tottenham should try to sign this Bale guy . '' `` FFS LEVY SIGN A STRIKER . '' `` AVBOUT ''
How we all survive such piercing insight and humor is a question in of itself , I mean , LOL why would we sign Bale we just sold him that 's crazy , amirite ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
But now that we have hooked AVB with the interwebs , all of our problems are solved . Inverted wingers constricting Soldado ? Congrats guys , you 've opened his eyes . We should pass it more into the box ? Why did n't he think of that ? Horny cougars want to fuck all night , click here ? That sounds like an evening of fantastic dimension .
And if you think AVB is the problem himself , do n't worry . Daniel Levy has joined twitter , reddit , AND tumblr this week , so you 'll finally be able to show him exactly why you 're shipping Katniss and Gandalf AND how Spurs ' hopeless slide was inevitable and the only logical thing to do is fire a manager who has a struggling team two points off the Champions League in November . I mean honestly , its already November guys , it is # obvious . The only logical thing to listen to your heart and your timeline and fire AVB and hire Martin Jol ! C'mon guys we hated how he got fired , but we loved his fat ass . Remember how much you loved the team and nothing was wrong under him ? It is your mission , nay your DUTY , to convince the club to write this wrong and hire Martin Jol so the terraces have another song they can sing .
This is a huge responsibility , but the best part is they feel no need to be so egotistical about helping the club avoid relegation to the second division of the Hunger Games , no , they just tip their twitter icons ' caps and ride off into the sunset . Being able to say # yourwelcome is all the credit they need . Thank you , you brave soldiers of the internet . You keyboard warriors of the seven sisters . Thank you , you princes of the transfer window , you ITKs of the world . Thank you , you knights of Football Manager . Thank you .
Merseyside Police officers closed a major Southport road for around five hours today , after receiving reports that a baby had been found lying in the road .
Norwood Road was shut at its junction with Sussex Road at around 10.30am this morning as police officers arrived to investigate the claim .
Police tape went up by Sussex Road and near Keats Terrace , with a police car at each end and Police Community Support officers on duty , as officers investigated .
The tape was later extended to near Meols Cop Bridge and Meols Cop Station .
Forensic officers were called in as police officers and PCSOs carried out door-to-door inquiries with local residents .
One occupant , Kevin Tasker , said : “ Police came and knocked on my door this morning at around 10.30am .
“ They asked if I had been out this morning or last night , and had I seen anything in the road ?
“ One of my neighbours said they 'd had reports there was a baby in the road .
“ The forensics team came later on . There was a big white forensics van parked by the church . ”
Another local resident said : “ I got back from work earlier and tried to park , but could n't get anywhere near my house .
” The police cordoned off the road and would n't let anyone drive through .
” The road was cordoned off at the junction with Sussex Road and the police tape was up to where United Utilities have been carrying out their roadworks a couple of hundreds yards away .
“ But since they packed up and left police moved the police tape right back , towards Meols Cop Station and Meols Cop Bridge .
” They wo n't tell us what 's happened - they just said they 're waiting for their forensics team to arrive . ”
Another onlooker said : “ There were police officers down there carrying out house to house inquiries , knocking on doors on Norwood Road and Keats Terrace .
” There are police cars down there at either end of the cordon and police community support officers there as well .
“ Whatever 's happened it looks serious . ”
Police say they arrived at the scene this morning after a member of the public contacted them to say they were concerned by something they saw lying in the road .
A statement sent to Visiter.co.uk by Merseyside Police said : “ Alongside members of the medical profession , officers say they examined a photograph taken by this member of the public , which they now believe to be a doll .
“ However , officers attended and have made a thorough examination of the scene , spoken to numerous witnesses and conducted house to house enquiries .
“ At this time they have found nothing but enquiries are ongoing in the local area . ”
Norwood Road has since been re-opened to traffic .
Did you see anything ? Please email us at : visiternews @ southportvisiter.co.uk
THERE IS “ no evidence ” to support claims by American tycoon Donald Trump that wind turbines would destroy Scottish tourism , MSPs have concluded .
Members of Holyrood 's economy committee said that , while “ anecdotal opinion exists ” , claims that the tourism industry would be hit did not stack up .
Mr Trump appeared before the committee earlier this year to outline the case against wind farms . Calling himself a “ world-class expert on tourism ” , he told MSPs “ horrible ” giant turbines would do “ tremendous damage ” to the industry in Scotland . He is locked in a battle against a proposed offshore wind farm near his golf course in Aberdeenshire .
In a report on the Scottish Government 's renewable energy targets , MSPs said : “ While some strongly held , localised and anecdotal opinion exists , the committee has seen no empirical evidence which demonstrates that the tourism industry in Scotland will be adversely affected by the wider deployment of renewable energy projects , particularly onshore and offshore wind . ”
But the findings prompted an angry response from the Trump Organisation , which branded wind farms a “ failure ” and said that could not be “ whitewashed ” by the committee .
The company said : “ The report , with findings like these , does not inspire confidence – it fails entirely to address the costs to the public and the impact on tourism , communities and the lives of ordinary people .
“ This government can not be trusted ; they will say and do anything , including lie , to support their political goals .
“ The Scottish economy is condemned to suffer a downward spiral if this thinking continues . Global investors be warned . ”
At Holyrood in April , Mr Trump was asked for facts to back up his belief that wind farms would have a negative impact on tourism . “ I am the evidence , ” he said . “ I am an expert in tourism . I am considered a world-class expert in tourism , so when you say , ‘ Where is the evidence ? ' , I am the evidence . ”
In its report , the committee endorsed renewables projects such as the proposed European Offshore Wind Deployment Centre in Aberdeen Bay , which would be built near Mr Trump 's Menie Estate golf resort .
“ Such demonstration centres are , in our view , a vital component in Scotland 's industrial infrastructure , ” the report said .
However , the committee did recommend that VisitScotland and the Scottish Government continue to gather evidence from tourists coming to this country , given the industry 's importance to Scotland .
The aim of the committee 's inquiry was to look at the government 's flagship energy target of generating the equivalent of all the country 's electricity needs from green energy sources , such as wind , wave and hydro power by 2020 . It found this was achievable , but said skills shortages presented a real risk and more investment was needed in science , technology , engineering and maths at school , college and university level .
Committee vice-convener Dennis Robertson said : “ The committee was concerned to hear a number of witnesses question the achievability of the targets due to skill shortages . More work needs to be done to address our relatively low take-up of subjects like engineering , maths and science . ”
There are also concerns that “ significant ” investment is required in planning . Councils are being swamped by applications , with MSPs backing higher fees for large-scale projects to keep the situation under control .
The report said infrastructure presented “ challenges ” , with islands at a disadvantage due to higher transmission charges . There is also a risk that a government heat target may not be met by 2020 because of delays to incentives , controversy around biomass plants and “ hurdles ” linked to district heating schemes , the report added .
Energy minister Fergus Ewing said the study underlined that the target of generating the equivalent of 100 per cent of Scotland 's electricity from renewables , such as wind turbines , wave and tidal energy , as well as hydro power , could be achieved .
“ The positive tone of this report reflects the widespread belief across the industry , the government and its agencies and key stakeholders that renewable energy can deliver huge benefits for Scotland 's people , ” he said .
Jenny Hogan , of industry body Scottish Renewables , said : “ This has been one of the most detailed and debated committee inquiries in the Scottish Parliament 's history and it has confirmed what we have said for some time : that the ambitious targets for the renewables industry are achievable . ”
Ferrari 430 Scuderia veers off motorway in South Yorkshire and bursts into flames an hour after new owner had collected it
' I 've only just got it ' : £200,000 Ferrari wrecked in M1 crash
A driver in South Yorkshire has written off a £200,000 Ferrari he had owned for just an hour .
The Ferrari 430 Scuderia veered off the M1 motorway near junction 37 , careered 50 metres down a bank and burst into flames on Thursday afternoon .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Ferrari 430 Scuderia at a car show . Photograph : Dan Chung for the Guardian
Police said the driver escaped with only minor cuts and bruises , and “ officers do not believe excess speed was a contributory factor in this collision ” .
“ Road conditions were wet at the time and as officers arrived on scene it became clear there was a vehicle well alight and colleagues from South Yorkshire fire and rescue were in attendance squirting water all over some kind of sporty motor some 50 or so metres down a banking , ” read a post from South Yorkshire police on Facebook .
“ Officers asked the driver what sort of car he had to which he replied : ‘ It was a Ferrari . ' Detecting a sense of damaged pride , he then said : ‘ I 've only just got it , picked it up an hour ago . ' ”
Police said the driver had been very lucky . “ Over the past couple of weeks there have been a number of collisions where driving styles have not reflected the road and weather conditions , ” they said . “ Please take more care ! ”
Oh boy .
Go is THE swiss army knife for building scalable backend systems . It 's really hard to appreciate its utility until you 've had to fight fire and scale with shitty Python code ( written by me ) .
Non-trivial , modern things in Go , but not in C :
1 . Non-deterministic Garbage Collector that scales O ( 1 ) with heap size , as of Go1.5
2 . Insanely fast build times , due to enforcement of using your imports
3 . Portable . I can build go binaries for Windows from a Linux machine .
4 . Interfaces do 95 % of the job that OO does . OO tends to be a great way to shoot yourself in the foot with shit like diamond inheritance .
5 . Concurrency done in a sane and portable way . Channels are much safer to use than locks that create empty voids of despair .
You do n't NEED generics when you have interfaces .
I 'm also not going to compare Go against the heaping pile of shit that is Javascript .
EDIT
To add some additional info . Go was never designed to be a language that was up-to-date with latest and greatest modern language theory . It 's designed to get shit done . Given the choice between having cross-compilable portable static binaries over monads , I 'd pick the former . Or having insanely fast build time vs tail call optimization , I 'd pick the former .
The announcement Sunday by the Syrian Democratic Forces that they have begun the long-awaited operation to retake the Syrian city of Raqqa from ISIS came as a surprise and seems premature .
The operation has been talked about for months and was expected to take place some time after the operation in Iraq 's Mosul , which began last week . But it came without any similar announcement from the Headquarters of Operation Inherent Resolve , the U.S.-led coalition fighting against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , and it is still unclear which forces will be taking part alongside the SDF .
Raqqa is now the main headquarters of the Islamic State and tens of thousands of its fighters are believed to based in and around the city . An SDF spokeswoman said that 30,000 fighters are to take part in “ Operation Euphrates Rage , ” but without significant cooperation from other allies and airstrikes , it will be extremely difficult for it to uproot ISIS , which has had nearly two years to prepare its defenses and many of whose members will fight to the death .
It is unlikely that the SDF , which has received significant arms supplies and military training from the U.S. , is acting without some form of coordination with the Pentagon . Indeed , the fact that the operation was timed for election week in America may not be a coincidence .
In Iraq , many have called the offensive against ISIS in Mosul “ Operation Obama , ” as they believe the retaking of the city was planned to take place before Barack Obama leaves the White House . Two ongoing operations could make it easier for the administration and the Clinton campaign to counter Donald Trump 's claims that they are weak against ISIS .
The Pentagon , though , may be keeping a relatively low profile at this stage to avoid angering America 's wayward ally , Turkey . The Turkish government distrusts the SDF , which is mainly Kurdish , though it includes also Arab and Turkomen fighters , and its member organization , the Syrian Kurdish militia YPG , which it accuses of having ties to the PKK underground in Turkey .
Like the PKK , Turkey regards the YPG a terror organization and earlier this year shelled positions taken by SDF and YPG north of Aleppo , killing both fighters and civilians . Turkey has been trying to prepare and arm its own Syrian Arab militia for the battle of Raqqa , 100 kilometers south of its border .
Keep updated : Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up . We 've got more newsletters we think you 'll find interesting . Click here Oops . Something went wrong . Please try again later . Try again Thank you , The email address you have provided is already registered . Close
The announcement on the start of the battle could indicate that the U.S. has convinced Turkey to accept the SDF 's participation or that it has reached the conclusion that such an agreement will not be forthcoming from the Erdoğan government and decided to go ahead anyway . However , if the Turks are still opposed to the SDF , it means that other rebel organizations , including those of the Free Syria Army , which are dependent on Turkish aid , will not take part either .
The operational timing of the Raqqa operation could have been hastened due to attempts by ISIS fighters to escape from Mosul across the border to Syria , and its first stage will be cutting off any eastward routes from Raqqa leading to Mosul .
Either way , the battle for Raqqa is unlikely to be for the city itself in the next few weeks , but instead a gradual encroaching through the countryside and encirclement , in a similar fashion to the three weeks-old battle for Mosul , which only now has reached the city 's outlying neighborhoods . Neither city may be fully liberated by the time Obama leaves office on January 20 .
Donald Trump , racist pumpkin and President of the United States , is a keen user of Twitter .
Between managing bankrupt companies and scandal-plagued “ universities ” , he found time during the Obama years to relentlessly abuse the President .
But he 's quickly learning that you should n't throw stones in a glass White House .
Now that Trump has taken over the top job , he 's finding out two things :
1 . Being President is not as easy as it seems .
2 . The Internet never forgets .
In August 2011 , when Obama suffered multiple setbacks ( bungled Obamacare roll-out and brutal mid-term losses ) he gleefully tweeted out :
@ BarackObama has a record low 39 % Gallup approval rating . Why so high ? — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) August 17 , 2011
That 's all well and good , except for the fact that the very same Gallup poll has Trump 's approval rating LOWER than that , at 36 per cent .
Sad !
What makes it even worse is that Obama 's results were halfway through his first term , traditionally the toughest period of a Presidency .
But Trump 's were within the first 100 days of his presidency – known as the honeymoon period because it 's when Presidents tend to enjoy their best approval ratings after riding high on the success of the electoral win .
The President is showing quite the skill in humiliating self-owns recently .
Trump spent the better part of the last eight years slamming Obama for playing too much golf :
While our wonderful president was out playing golf all day , the TSA is falling apart , just like our government ! Airports a total disaster ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) May 21 , 2016
President Obama has a major meeting on the N.Y.C . Ebola outbreak , with people flying in from all over the country , but decided to play golf ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 24 , 2014
We pay for Obama 's travel so he can fundraise millions so Democrats can run on lies . Then we pay for his golf . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) October 14 , 2014
Here 's a list of 23 more of these , if you so desire .
But the POTUS has already taken TWELVE golfing trips in just ten weeks . That 's a rate of one trip every 5.5 days , compared to Obama 's rate of every 8.8 days .
He told a rally in Virginia last year that “ he 'd be too busy to play golf ” , but it seems like failing to pass health care bills is n't keeping him busy enough .
back after Trump won the election in November , there was outrage from Clinton supporters because she won the popular vote by 2.8 million votes .
Trump , in response , spoke about how “ genius ” the electoral college system was :
The Electoral College is actually genius in that it brings all states , including the smaller ones , into play . Campaigning is much different ! — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 15 , 2016
But back in 2012 , when he * wrongly * thought that Mitt Romney beat Obama in the popular vote , Trump went on a tirade about how awful the electoral college was !
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy . — Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 7 , 2012
Too . Freaking . Perfect . When Trump wrongly thought Romney had won the popular vote . pic.twitter.com/e9tJO7mhcB — Brendan Reichs ( @ BrendanReichs ) November 10 , 2016
Hypocrisy , thy name is Trump .
This is how Trump betrayed everything he ever stood for in just 24 hours
Notre Dame President Fr . John Jenkins continues to flail about for an adequate response ( though short of resigning , there is n't an adequate response ) to his monumental gaff of bestowing an honorary doctor of laws degree on a president who has spent his entire political career seeing to it that millions of human beings are excluded from the protection of law .
Jenkin 's latest lunge
is for the life ring stamped `` canon lawyers we consulted '' . Figures .
It is paradigmatic of the theological Left to ignore canon law when it poses the slightest inconvenience for its plans , but to hide behind canons ( or at least behind canonists , even anonymous ones ) when they afford some cover ( however thin ) for obvious blunders or malfeasance . And so Jenkins , invoking unidentified canon lawyers , holds that the USCCB 's 2004 statement , ``
Catholics in Political Life
`` , merely restricts Catholic institutions from honoring Catholics whose public record evidences disdain for fundamental moral principles .
Is the man serious ?
Does Jenkins really think that Catholic bishops would countenance a Catholic institution honoring a philanthropic murderer , or a free-speech crusading pornographer , or a right-to-privacy pimp , provided merely that the awardee was not a Catholic ? Really , that 's too bizarre for words .
But speaking of words , Jenkins ' unnamed canon lawyers ( assuming , by the way , that they were answering the question Jenkins thought he was asking , and that Jenkins understood and is accurately conveying their response ) tell him that `` by definition , only Catholics who implicitly recognize the authority of Church teaching can act in 'defiance ' of it . '' Huh ?
What 's this `` by definition '' stuff ? What definition ? A definition of `` defiance '' ? The word `` defiance '' is not in the Code . Even the Latin pertinacia does not seem to apply to our facts , so , what exactly is Jenkins talking about here ? I do n't know , but whatever Jenkins or his canonists hope it means , the sentence he/they put so much stock in was obviously not drafted to stand up to close textual parsing . Else , all a Catholic would have to do to avoid the charge of acting in `` defiance '' of Church authority would be to decline recognizing Church authority in the first place !
Likewise , watch how Jenkin 's claim that bestowing an honorary doctorate on the pro-abortion movement 's most powerful politician ever does not `` suggest support '' for the politician 's pro-abortion record , can be parsed into a defense of Jenkins : an honorary doctorate of law does not `` suggest '' support for a politicians ' legal philosophy , no , instead it screams it . Therefore , Jenkins is not guilty of `` suggesting '' support . Are n't word games fun ?
Seriously , what I wonder is , why , amid the canon lawyers Jenkins claims to have consulted , not one , it seems , pointed out the most obvious solutions to their client 's problem :
The USCCB 's statement applies only to `` Catholic institutions '' , right ? Well , all Jenkins and the ND board need do is declare that Notre Dame is not a `` Catholic institution '' , and poof ! all these problems disappear . Notre Dame could confer honorary doctorates in law on anybody it wants after that , even on people who have built a career out of denying unborn babies the protection of law , and nary a bishop would say a word about it .
Like something out of the Matrix , we 're entering an era where it may be possible to boost your memory with a few zaps to the brain .
A few dozen people who were given brain implants that delivered targeted shocks to their mind 's memory center scored better on memory tests , DARPA announced at a conference in St. Louis last week .
These implants could someday be used to restore memory to people suffering from traumatic brain injury or other neurological problems , agency representatives said .
`` As the technology of these fully implantable devices improves , and as we learn more about how to stimulate the brain ever more precisely to achieve the most therapeutic effects , I believe we are going to gain a critical capacity to help our wounded warriors and others who today suffer from intractable neurological problems , '' program manager Justin Sanchez said in a statement .
Total recall ?
The goal of the study , which is part of DARPA 's Restoring Active Memory ( RAM ) program , was to allow scientists to read and interpret the brain activity involved in forming and recalling memories and predict when a person is about to remember something incorrectly . The electrodes can then be used to deliver targeted electrical shocks to specific groups of brain cells that store a memory , making it more easily accessible , according to DARPA .
A team of USC scientists that is not part of the DARPA effort has also been working for several years on developing brain implants to boost and enhance memory in rats and other animals , but this is the first time this kind of technology has been tested in humans .
The people who received the implants volunteered to test them while they were having brain surgery for neurological problems unrelated to memory loss .
During the surgery , scientists implanted small electrode arrays in brain regions involved in forming declarative memories — the kind of memory used to remember events , times , places , or lists of objects — as well as in areas involved in spatial memory and navigation .
In preliminary findings , the researchers were able to not only record and interpret the signals that store memories in the brain and retrieve them later , but also activate memory areas to improve the patients ' recall for lists of objects .
Scientists are still figuring out the best way to deliver the stimulation , i.e. , when the lists are first being memorized , or when the person is trying to recall the items .
DARPA is withholding some details of the study because they have n't been published in a scientific journal yet .
Other brainy boosts
The RAM program is just one of several efforts aimed at boosting memory or cognition .
While we 're nowhere near the ability to download skills into our brains like Neo in the Matrix , another DARPA program launching in October , called RAM Replay , aims to improve people 's memory of physical skills , by mimicking the brain 's natural process of replaying these skills — something our brains do naturally while we sleep .
Meanwhile , DARPA 's Systems-Based Neurotechnology for Emerging Therapies ( SUBNETS ) program is developing implants to provide relief to people suffering from PTSD and other neurological disorders .
NOW WATCH : Here 's what goes on in your brain when you laugh
More From Business Insider
“ To err is human – in order to forgive we must design , ” said Geni Bahar , President of Navigats Inc. Traffic Safety Consultants .
This morning I was listening to the radio and I heard a familiar sentence : “ Every time I approach a cyclist I swear I am going to hit them . Cyclists think they own the road ! ! ” I wonder what he would have thought if he saw this picture :
Lately , there has been a lot of talk about sustainability , sustainable and healthy methods of travel , multimodal travel and connectivity , cyclists , bike lanes , and rapid transit . But the talk always seems to be so negative and confrontational ; We ca n't afford this ! We do n't want that ! Get out of my way ! …
The recurring theme is selfishness and disrespect . When it comes to transportation , most people are biased because their opinions originate from an unbalanced point of view – typically their own .
To solve a problem , there must first and foremost be awareness . I think that the negativity , the conflict , the selfishness , the disrespect , and consequently the case-by-case collisions and unfortunate deaths are hopefully not in vain . Rather , the world , and especially North America , is beginning to undergo a culture shift – a new status quo for how people get around and they are posing the following question : who owns the road ? The answer is : no one . No one traveller “ owns the road. ” Because everyone must share the road . And the reason there is so much negativity right now is because change is uncomfortable , especially when we are trying to change the way everyone goes about their days in order to adopt new frameworks . Our cities are already the way that they are , and habits have historically followed infrastructure . Now , our mentality and point of view have been normalized into understanding that everyone needs a car to get around – that is simply the way it is around here . But car-oriented-development is not sustainable ( by sustainable I mean every kind ) , and we must change our ways . This change is putting more pedestrians and cyclists on roads that are not yet designed for sharing , and that are filled with uneducated users . Drivers are beginning to get frustrated and are developing negative and incorrect views against cyclists . Not many people know this , but cyclists must legally take the lane . So the next time you 're driving down Bloor St. W in downtown Toronto ( why are you driving there anyway ? ) and a cyclist is driving in the lane in front of you , do n't tell them to get out of the way , because believe it or not you are obliged to drive behind them until you each go your own ways . And to the cyclist – respect will only come to you if you are a respectful and educated cyclist . You 've got to pull your weight too .
Now drivers , cyclists , and pedestrians – you are probably going to argue with me and tell me that you ca n't follow the rules because no one else is going to , and if you 're the only one playing the safety game then you 're going to get hurt . I agree – until the culture shift has fully developed , every road user must take precautions by leaving room for forgiveness . By this I mean , do n't just take the lane without making sure the vehicles around you are going to let you . Of course they should let you , but drivers are still stubborn and sometimes even overly-aggressive , and you probably want to at least check and signal before making them feel like you 're trying to get in their way . And drivers – cyclists need to leave room for you too , especially since it 's a lot more difficult for you to check blindspots etc . But if they do n't , you need to check for them – the last thing you want is to be the reason another cyclist was hit , wether it was your fault or theirs . Pedestrians – I know you 're angry because no one has time to wait for you to cross the street , and so you cross the street without looking to prove a point . But what kind of point does that prove when you 're dead ? Even when it ca n't be more obvious that it 's your right-of-way , do me a favor and check anyway .
Drivers , cyclists , and pedestrians – follow the rules , but also learn to leave room for forgiveness .
We are currently undergoing a drastic culture shift . Changing the status quo . Taking everyone out of their comfort zone . Altering infrastructure . Updating goals and objectives in all of our plans . It 's going to be hard to become aware , to understand , and to accept any of this , and we are all going to have our differing opinions on the subject . But one day , we will learn to accept a new and more sustainable lifestyle . We will need to adopt education into our curriculum to inform future generations . Until then , do n't forget to share the road .
For more information about sharing the road , please check out this inspiring initiative founded by an inspiring woman : www.sharetheroad.ca
For more information about respect for cyclists , check out this service : http : //www.respect.to/wp/
Advertisements
The Post Sports Live crew assesses the Nationals at the midway point of the season , and look at which players need to lead the team down the stretch to a potential National League East crown . ( Post Sports Live/The Washington Post )
The Post Sports Live crew assesses the Nationals at the midway point of the season , and look at which players need to lead the team down the stretch to a potential National League East crown . ( Post Sports Live/The Washington Post )
The phrases permeate baseball — “ He 's on fire , ” “ I 'm seeing the ball well ” or “ He 's locked in ” — but , really , what do they all mean ? For decades , research — primarily involving basketball — has disproved the existence of the “ hot hand , ” the theory that a player on a streak is more likely to perform better on the next play .
Just do n't tell baseball players that .
“ Hot streaks are real , ” Washington Nationals hitting coach Rick Schu said . “ Totally . One-hundred percent . ”
“ That 's a real thing , ” Nationals right fielder Jayson Werth added . “ No doubt about it . It 's been talked about over and over and over . Michael Jordan 's talked about it . It 's real . ”
Baseball players believe that eight hits in the past 10 at-bats , for example , will help determine the outcome in their 11th at-bat . Managers often sit a cold player in favor of a hot one , or call for a pitcher to pitch around a hot opposing batter . But until recently , there was little hard evidence to prove hot streaks .
1 of 30 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × 2014 MLB All-Star Game View Photos The Yankees ' Derek Jeter , playing in his final All-Star Game , is saluted during the American League 's 5-3 victory . Caption The Yankees ' Derek Jeter , playing in his final All-Star Game , is saluted during the American League 's 5-3 victory . Nelson Cruz of the Baltimore Orioles takes a selfie with fellow American League all-stars Ian Kinsler , center , of the Detroit Tigers and Erick Aybar of the Los Angeles Angels during batting practice before the MLB All-Star Game in Minneapolis Jim Mone/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue .
A 1985 study by Cornell psychology professor Thomas Gilovich and Stanford professors Robert Vallone and Amos Tversky found no evidence of streak shooting when studying statistics from a Philadelphia 76ers season , free throw shooting data from the Boston Celtics and an experiment with Cornell players . The study found that Julius Erving was nearly as likely to make a free throw after three misses ( 52 percent ) than after hitting three straight free throws ( 48 percent ) .
But according to newer research — such as a working study conducted by Brett Green , an assistant professor at California-Berkeley 's business school , and Jeffrey Zwiebel , a finance professor at Stanford — there is evidence that hot streaks exist .
As a sports fan , Zwiebel was motivated to address the claims of older studies and their statistical flaws . He believed baseball was different than basketball because of the breadth of data and nature of the sport . In basketball , for example , a hot shooter may draw a double team by the opposing defense ; that 's not possible in baseball .
Green and Zwiebel studied two million MLB at-bats from 2000 to 2011 . They neutralized for the abilities of the hitter and pitchers — such as lefty-on-lefty matchups and stadium sizes — and focused on 10 major statistical categories , such as batting averages , home run percentages and strikeout rates .
They found that a hitter 's past 25 at-bats were a significant predictor of his next at-bat . When a player is hot , they found his expected on-base percentage to be 25 to 30 points higher than it would if he were cold . Home run rates jumped 30 percent and strikeout rates dropped . For pitchers in hot streaks , future performance was improved , too .
“ The effect is fairly large , ” Zwiebel said . “ It 's highly significant not just in the statistical sense but the strategic sense . The effect is large enough where it makes sense for managers to sit a cold hitter or play a hot hitter , or perhaps the strategical adjustments for a pitcher to pitch around a hot hitter . ”
Another recent basketball study presented this spring by Andrew Bocskocsky , John Ezekowitz and Carolyn Stein of Harvard found that hot-shooting players were 1.2 to 2.4 percentage points more likely to hit their next shot , a small but noticeable difference . Recent studies like these two finally found evidence for a belief that players have long held .
“ It matters a lot mentally if you 've been successful in your last at-bats , ” said Baltimore Orioles designated hitter Nelson Cruz , who has been one of baseball 's hottest hitters all season and is second in the majors with 28 home runs . “ Your confidence definitely goes up and you 're more likely to get a hit in your next at-bat . ”
The study conducted by Green and Zwiebel , however , stops short of offering explanations . Zwiebel said he believes a player 's change in hitting is likely a combination of physical and mental factors . Players , too , ca n't pinpoint reasons . Werth , currently the Nationals ' hottest hitter , talks about hitting streaks as if they were independent beings that come and go uncontrollably .
“ If I knew the answer to that , I 'd be a first-ballot Hall of Famer , ” he said . “ What 's that Yogi Berra saying ? ‘ The game is 90 percent half mental . ' It 's pretty accurate . It does n't make any sense . If you can find it and hold on to it , you can have a really good year or career . It 's those guys that are able to harness it for long periods of time and not fall into the pitfalls of slumps . If you do go into a slump , you come out of it quicker . That 's the name of the game : trying to hold on to it for as long as possible . It 's not easy . ”
Werth knows from personal experience that hitting can turn in either direction quickly . After a solid May , he went cold in June , hitting .212 with only six extra-base hits . Through the slump , Werth still felt good . Earlier this month , he made a minor adjustment — standing taller in the batter 's box , which allowed him to see pitches better and make his swing more compact — and he took off .
Werth is hitting .375 with 12 extra-base hits in July . Though he 's played just 11 games , he 's already hit six home runs , more than he hit in April , May or June . So what changed ?
“ That whole thing happens in the fraction of a second when the ball leaves the pitcher 's hand until it hits your bat , ” Werth said . “ It does n't happen for a very long time but when you 're locked in that instant , you 're able to like , when you 're going good , the universe slows down . The earth stops spinning . The 100 miles an hour is not 100 miles an hour . It 's that ability to make that small little window be a lot longer . ”
There is undoubtedly a major physical component to hitting . If a player is injured or even slightly weakened or tired , his swing in compromised . Even when healthy , bad habits can deteriorate a player 's swing . But imagine the player is fully healthy and his swing is normal ; players say the frame of mind is just as important , perhaps more .
“ Your state of mind matters a lot , ” Cruz said . “ If you feel good , the chances of doing well improve . ”
Players may be 0 for their past 10 but are hitting line drives right at opposing defenders . The numbers may show a mini-slump but , in the player 's mind , he is hitting the ball well and is hot .
“ There are times like that , ” Werth said . “ There are also time where you 're 0 for 20 and you do n't have a chance in hell . When you 're locked in or hot , in the zone , you 've got a high rate for success . ”
CHESTNUT HILL , Mass . — Like many days last fall , Andre Williams was the most popular man at Alumni Stadium on Wednesday afternoon .
About two dozen NFL scouts were at the Boston College Pro Day , taking turns sidling up to the Heisman finalist during breaks in the two-hour workout . But Williams did n't act like a big man on campus , or like a player back at his literal old stomping grounds—i.e . the turf where he pounded his feet for many of his 2,177 rushing yards last fall .
Williams had a few questions—concerns , even—showing an earnestness that seemed to delight one scout from an NFC team . What does it mean , he asked the scout , that he does n't have any private workouts set up yet for the coming weeks ? Or , that most teams sent area scouts to his Pro Day , instead of , say , a running backs coach ?
“ That 's a good thing , ” the scout reassured him .
Like all rookies-to-be , this process is new to the 21-year-old running back , whose path to the 2014 NFL draft we 're chronicling in a series on The MMQB . The scout explained to Williams that between a large and impressive body of work during his senior season , and a clean record off the field , he 's an easy evaluation for NFL teams .
But as he did each of the 355 times he carried the ball for Boston College last year , Williams is always looking to make extra gains . His goals on his pro day : 1 ) run the 40-yard dash faster than he did at last month 's combine and 2 ) catch the ball better , too .
Draft Journey : Andre Williams The MMQB is chronicling the journey—from combine through draft day—of Boston College running back Andre Williams . FULL STORY This audition would be different from the pressure cooker of Indianapolis , where players are herded like cattle and branded with a number ( though Williams did wear his combine-issued “ RB35 ” warm-ups to his pro day ) . He would have a cheering section—the BC coaching staff—and he caught balls from his college quarterback , Chase Rettig . Perhaps for one of the last times , he felt like BC running back Andre Williams .
Williams flew into Boston last Saturday night , and on Sunday , Monday and Tuesday , he and Rettig worked on their timing in Alumni Stadium . A few of their teammates joined them , too . One , Colin Larmond , a receiver who last played in 2012 , took time off from his job in New Jersey to participate in the pro day . After Williams greeted Larmond , he thought about his own stock after that season , when the team finished 2-10 and he rushed for just 599 yards—a little more than one-quarter of his 2013 total . “ He 's a great player—I think he just needs another chance , ” Williams said regarding Larmond . “ If I had graduated junior year , I might have been in the same predicament . ”
Williams caught 18 passes from Rettig on Tuesday morning in a final rehearsal , practicing each of the routes he 'd be expected to perform in front of the scouts the next day : flat , swing , angle , out , in-breaking , wheel and corner . He dropped only one . “ Do another one ! ” Rettig called out , and Williams snatched it easily .
[ si_video id= '' video_C8FE77B3-1C9F-A188-1983-BD035071DE3C '' ]
Catching passes feels different to Williams now , and not by accident . After the combine , where he dropped two of his eight passes and resorted to body-catching a few others , he knew he had to do better . Williams ' legs were the lifeblood of coach Steve Addazio 's power-running scheme last season , but his gaudy stat line did not include a single reception . “ You 've got to be proactive , ” Williams said . “ My body is a business at this point . ”
Former Notre Dame receiver Bobby Brown , whom Williams met at the Walter Camp Player of the Year awards ceremony , knew who could help : Bill Thierfelder , sports psychologist and president of Belmont Abbey College in North Carolina . The weekend after the combine , Williams made the three-and-a-half hour drive from Atlanta , where he 's training and living with his older brother .
In a pair of two-hour sessions , Thierfelder coached Williams to “ meet the ball with energy. ” He practiced by catching racquetballs , since a smaller ball requires greater focus . He started juggling , too , a suggestion also made to him by an NFL running backs coach who called him after the combine . Williams is making the lessons learned from Thierfelder part of his BC legacy , too .
“ I 'm going to call you , and we need to talk about this , ” Williams told freshman running back Myles Willis , when the former teammates ran into each other on campus Tuesday . “ Really . It 's about actually seeing things , not just looking at them . ”
Williams only had 10 receptions in four years at Boston College—none his senior season—so catching has been a major point of emphasis in the walkup to the draft . ( Winslow Townson for Sports Illustrated/The MMQB ) Williams only had 10 receptions in four years at Boston College—none his senior season—so catching has been a major point of emphasis in the walkup to the draft . ( Winslow Townson for Sports Illustrated/The MMQB )
Williams , who earned his applied psychology and human development degree in December , has a refreshing perspective among his NFL-bound peers . Last fall he completed an independent study with Audrey Friedman , an assistant dean in the Lynch School of Education , examining the development of high school students through how they present conflict in their personal writing .
When Williams roamed campus Tuesday afternoon , he stopped in Friedman 's first-floor office , and she yelped happily when he opened her door . She wrote down a book suggestion from him ( “ Many Mansions , ” the story of psychic Edgar Cayce ) , and asked about the psychological tests and interviews he took at the combine .
“ I would argue that would be your strongest part , ” she told him . “ Not that you 're not a great athlete , because you are , but you have a soul . That 's a good thing . ”
Williams smiled shyly . “ And how are you doing ? ” he asked .
Of course , at Wednesday 's pro day , athletics were front and center . Williams did not repeat the shuttle runs and broad jump , because he had been a top performer in those events at the combine . He wore his warm-ups until it was time to run the 40-yard dash .
Williams was able to improve his 40 time at the BC pro day . ( Winslow Townson for Sports Illustrated/The MMQB ) Williams was able to improve his 40 time at the BC pro day . ( Winslow Townson for Sports Illustrated/The MMQB )
Most scouts clocked Williams in the low 4.5s on his first run—about the same as , or slightly better , than his combine run of 4.56 seconds . But he 'd popped up too quickly out of his start and was eager for the second try . The scouts ' times varied on this attempt , but some scouts said they clocked him as fast as the low 4.4s , a strong time for a 230-pound power back . After a third bonus run , Williams said the scouts he talked to congratulated him on improving from the combine .
He changed into different cleats , and receivers ' gloves so new they squeaked , for position drills . Rettig threw to him eight times ; Williams dropped one pass , a flat route , but made the same catch on a second try . The act of catching came more naturally than two weeks earlier , showcased on a 40-yard corner route , on which he stuck the ball cleanly on his hands . “ Better , ” one scout said afterward . Said another scout , “ He did well catching . That 's not going to hinder anything . ”
In the BC cheering section , the loudest voice was tight ends coach Frank Leonard , who let out a thunderous “ Woooo ! ” when Williams made the catch on the deep corner route . Leonard , a former Patriots scout and Rams position coach , sounded like a proud uncle as he sent Williams off toward the NFL world he knows well .
“ You go hard , man , ” Leonard said . “ You 'll enjoy it . You 'll have a lot of fun in this league . Love you . ”
“ Love you back , ” said Williams .
Trump says Israel should keep building settlements
Republican front-runner Donald Trump says Israel should “ keep moving forward ” with building settlements .
“ No , I do n't think there should be a pause , ' Trump tells The Daily Mail , referring to a construction freeze in the West Bank . “ Look : Missiles were launched into Israel , and Israel , I think , never was properly treated by our country . I mean , do you know what that is , how devastating that is ? ”
He says he thinks “ Israel should have – they really have to keep going . They have to keep moving forward , ” with the settlements .
Trump also says Netanyahu is “ a very good guy . ”
“ I do n't know him that well , but I think I 'd have a very good relationship with him , ” Trump says . “ I think that President Obama has been extremely bad to Israel . ”
At the same time , Trump reiterates that he would like to negotiate a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians .
“ With all of that being said , I would love to see if peace could be negotiated . A lot of people say that 's not a deal that 's possible . But I mean lasting peace , not a peace that lasts for two weeks and they start launching missiles again . So we 'll see what happens ” Trump says . “ I 'd love to negotiate peace . I think that , to me , is the all-time negotiation . ”
Kelllogg 's cereal pouches . Kellogg pouches . ORG XMIT : GANNETT [ Via MerlinFTP Drop ] ( Photo11 : NONE KELLOGG 'S )
Kellogg 's hopes that it finally has figured out how to keep cereal sales from getting soggier : sell it in pouches .
Goodbye cereal bowl . Hello snack pack -- suitable for stuffing into a lunch box , briefcase or purse .
Never mind that sales in the $ 10 billion domestic cereal industry have been slumping for years . Or that Kellogg 's cereal sales were down about 3 % over the recent four-week period through June 7 , the investment firm Nomura notes in a new research report . `` Cereal trends remain weak , '' Nomura analyst David Hayes said in the report .
As one response , Kellogg 's this summer is rolling out four cereals – Fruit Loops , Krave , Apple Jacks and Corn Pops – in single-serve pouches .
The cereal business is changing , says Noel Geoffory , senior vice president of marketing for U.S . Morning Foods at Kellogg . `` As consumers ' lives evolve , there are more ways that we can make our food -- and our packaging -- more relevant to them . ''
Kellogg 's , she says , spent big chunks of time with consumers and saw how many of them stuff cereal into plastic bags and take it along for snacking . `` Consumers did n't want to take the whole box , '' she says .
Smaller portions of cereal -- without the milk . That seems to be what consumers want -- never mind that milk is arguably the healthiest ingredient in a bowl of cereal . Now , Kellogg 's has opted to do it all for consumers , and charge them a premium for it . A box of eight of Its Kellogg 's On the Go Fun cereal pouches -- with a combined total 5.36 ounces of cereal -- fetches $ 3.89 . By comparison , 12.2 oz . box of Corn Pops has a suggested price of $ 4.29 ; a 12.5 oz . box of Foot Loops is $ 4.79 .
Will folks buy the pouches ?
One food guru thinks they will . `` Cereal in a pouch is a good way to indulge your inner kid , '' says Lynn Dornblaser , director of innovation and insight at the research firm Mintel . `` We 've eaten cereal as a snack since we 've been toddlers -- so why not fun , indulgent cereals in a snacking format ? ''
The biggest driver , says Dornblaser , is that the cereal pouches are are a direct response to one of our culture 's greatest loves : snacking . Americans now live their lives in small , snack-sized bits -- - and not just food . `` We send texts . We tweet . We learn via short , YouTube videos , '' she says . That 's how we are increasingly eating , too -- in digestible bits , she says .
So , increasingly , the 350 to 400 new cereal products rolled out every year , she says , will focus on snack options -- or other new twists . The pouches could eventually be sold individually at convenience stores , says Geoffory .
By selling cereal in pouches , Kellogg 's also finds itself competing with the snack giants , such as Frito-Lay . `` We 're playing to a consumer need and behavior that exists today , '' Geoffory says . `` If you love it for breakfast , why not have it as a snack at another part of the day ? ''
In fact , one-quarter of cereal already is being consumed during other parts of the day , Geoffory estimates .
So Kellogg 's is trying all sorts of things to respond to that trend .
Last month , for example , it rolled out YoCrunch Cereal Bowls -- which combine several Kellogg cereals with YoCrunch yogurt in portioned cups sold in the supermarket dairy section .
To get consumers thinking more about cereal at night , Kellogg 's is even plastering nighttime images on the boxes of some cereals . Some Mini-Wheats and Special K boxes depict the moon , the stars and a purple-ish night sky . About the only night image missing on the new box is a consumer tripping down the stairs for a midnight snack .
Kelllogg 's cereal pouches . Kellogg pouches . Kellogg 's evening cereal . ORG XMIT : GANNETT [ Via MerlinFTP Drop ] ( Photo11 : NONE KELLOGG 'S )
Read or Share this story : http : //usat.ly/1qeYxlW
This is my model of the RMS Titanic in ( almost ) 1:1 scale - that is , one block = 3 feet . It was built using detailed schematics of the actual ship , so the room layout and position of stairs , lifts etc should be pretty much accurate . Decks Boat , A , B are fully completed . C and below still need work , and I 'm looking forward to working on the engine room and boilers , but have n't the time anymore . This is my model of the RMS Titanic in ( almost ) 1:1 scale - that is , one block = 3 feet . It was built using detailed schematics of the actual ship , so the room layout and position of stairs , lifts etc should be pretty much accurate . Decks Boat , A , B are fully completed . C and below still need work , and I 'm looking forward to working on the engine room and boilers , but have n't the time anymore .
Please note I used the Summerfields resource pack when building this , so default textures may not look quite right - sorry about that !
[ Editor 's note : This is the first installment in a multi-part report about Carl Paladino by the Public Accountability Initiative ; PAI 's Gin Armstrong created the accompanying video . ]
At a June 2015 political rally , Buffalo developer and school board member Carl Paladino made a series of racist and xenophobic remarks . Paladino complained about “ non-Americans ” at the University at Buffalo campus and the “ huge population of foreigners. ” In comments to a group of reporters , Paladino blamed “ those damn Asians coming here to go to school ” for keeping local students from educational opportunities . Since then , the University at Buffalo and local media outlets have debunked his assertions , in addition to highlighting the racist nature of his remarks .
This is just the latest in a long line of outbursts from Paladino , whose tendency to make racist , sexist , and homophobic remarks earned him a national media profile during his failed campaign for governor in 2010 .
Despite these views , Paladino continues to enjoy considerable influence in Buffalo . He is one of the city 's wealthiest developers , with personal wealth of $ 150 million and a real estate empire worth $ 500 million , according to a New York Times estimate from 2010 . He is one of the region 's highest profile media figures . He is a significant beneficiary of government subsidies and leases , and one of the region 's most prolific political donors . And in 2013 , he won a seat on the Buffalo school board , a frequent target of his criticism .
This report , which will be released in parts , reviews Paladino 's history of making hateful statements and examines the web of relationships that help him maintain a prominent place in Buffalo 's power structure . Part I , which covers his history of racism , sexism , and homophobia , and which includes a video of some of his most troubling remarks , is below .
Part I. Paladino 's history of racism , sexism , and homophobia
In addition to his recent remarks about Asian UB students , Carl Paladino has a long history of making racist , sexist , and homophobic remarks . These statements have drawn some criticism , especially when he was in the national spotlight as the Republican gubernatorial candidate in New York . But they have not diminished Paladino 's local influence , and few political , business , and media leaders in the region have criticized him or cut ties with him , as local media outlets have recently noted .
Below , a compilation of some of Paladino 's most egregious remarks…
…about black leaders in Buffalo :
Paladino described former Buffalo Common Council President James Pitts as “ a shadow mayor in more ways than one. ” [ Buffalo News ]
Paladino reportedly said that some black Common Council members were better suited to clean council chambers , rather than serve in office there , though he denies saying this . [ Buffalo News ]
Paladino told an audience at a Niagara Frontier Industry Education Council breakfast in 2008 that former Buffalo schools superintendent James Williams was only hired “ because he was black. ” [ Buffalo News via archive.org ]
In June 2013 , Paladino distributed a memo claiming that former superintendent Pamela Brown was hired because “ The BOE wanted a weak African-American Superintendent from out of State who they could control to protect their influence over the bloated budget and jobs. ” [ WGRZ ]
Paladino referred to black female school board members as the “ parasitic black sisterhood ” and continues to refer to them as the “ black sisterhood. ” [ Huffington Post ]
In March 2015 , Paladino posted a racist screed to Facebook , which he said was authored by an African-American supporter named Herman . The post read , in part : “ We ( Blacks ) do n't understand capitalism , economics , or investments . We are selfish , and have [ no ] intention of taking responibility [ sic ] for our self . All we want is to have things given to us . Affirmative action , quota system and twenty points afforded to us is the result of what you are dealing with when it comes to the miniority [ sic ] school board members ( Ignorance ) . You are an intellegent [ sic ] man , but you will never come across to those idiots . This is why , we are at the bottom of the food chain . ”
Paladino replied by adding , in the comments , “ Wow , Herman that was inspiring. ” [ B-Lo Ed Scene / Barbara Seals Nevergold accounts of Paladino 's Facebook post , which appears to have been taken down ]
…about welfare recipients :
During his 2010 gubernatorial campaign , Paladino proposed housing inner city welfare recipients in prison dorms . He said : “ Instead of handing out the welfare checks , we 'll teach people how to earn their check . We 'll teach them personal hygiene…the personal things they do n't get when they come from dysfunctional homes…You have to teach them basic things – taking care of themselves , physical fitness . In their dysfunctional environment , they never learned these things. ” [ Huffington Post ]
…about women :
At a campaign rally in October 2010 , Paladino called New York 's junior Senator Kirsten Gillibrand “ [ Senior Senator Chuck ] Schumer 's little girl. ” [ New York Times ]
Also , see Paladino 's “ black sisterhood ” remarks above and his general conduct at school board meetings , and the incident at Roxy 's described below . [ WKBW ]
…about LGBTQ people :
In October 2010 when courting Orthodox Jewish leaders in Brooklyn , Paladino said : “ We must stop pandering to the pornographers and the perverts , who seek to target our children and destroy their lives . I did n't march in the gay parade this year — the gay pride parade this year . My opponent did , and that 's not the example we should be showing our children. ” [ NPR ]
Paladino also said : “ I just think my children and your children would be much better off and much more successful getting married and raising a family , and I do n't want them brainwashed into thinking that homosexuality is an equally valid and successful option — it is n't . ”
According to local comedian Kristen Becker , a drunk Paladino was kicked out of the lesbian bar Roxy 's for shouting “ Show me your p—y ! ” at a dancer and then telling Becker , who intervened , to “ shut up , you f—–g dyke. ” PAI has independently corroborated Becker 's account with another person who was present . [ Artvoice ]
…about Muslims :
While running for governor in 2010 , Paladino proposed using eminent domain to prevent the construction of a proposed Islamic community center in lower Manhattan . Of the group who planned the center , Paladino said : “ Those who propose this mosque belong to a sect of Islam which requires all who do n't prescribe to this religion , be killed. ” [ Examiner ]
…and most recently , about Asian students at UB :
At a protest against Olean State Senator Cathy Young , Paladino complained about “ non-Americans ” at the University at Buffalo campus and the “ huge population of foreigners. ” To reporters , Paladino blamed “ those damn Asians coming here to go to school ” for keeping local students from educational opportunities . [ Olean Times Herald ]
During his 2010 campaign , WNY Media released a large number of racist and sexist emails that had been sent and circulated by Paladino . Those emails included a photo of Barack and Michelle Obama edited to appear as if they were a pimp and prostitute from 70s-era exploitation films , a video of a tribal dance in Africa titled “ Obama Inauguration Rehearsal , ” a video of monkeys dancing a jig titled “ Proof the Irish discovered Africa , ” and a photograph of an airplane landing directly behind a group of African men captioned “ Holy S— . Run n—–s , run ! ” The emails also included several hardcore pornographic photos and videos .
Coming tomorrow ( 6/18 ) : Part II of this report will take a closer look at Paladino 's political network , and specifically at which elected officials accept significant funding from him .
The National Football League may soon have the option of using a version of soccer 's new high-tech , decision-making technology to help speed up disputed touchdown calls .
Lengthy reviews on whether a ball has crossed the plane for a six-pointer could be a thing of the past if the NFL decides to implement something similar to soccer 's goal-line review system .
Scroll to continue with content Ad
`` We have looked at this type of emerging technology and would not rule out using it at some point in the future , '' NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said via email .
The system is an adaptation of the Hawk-Eye technology that has long been used in tennis to determine whether a ball is in or out . In its soccer guise , an encrypted signal is sent within a second to a watch worn by the referee , informing him if the whole of the ball has crossed the line for a goal .
Paul Hawkins , the inventor of Hawk-Eye , admitted his company had spoken to American sports leagues but perhaps understandably did not want to go into detail about the nature of the talks .
`` There are ways we could assist in a number of American sports where there is a desire to get the officiating decisions correct , '' Hawkins told Yahoo ! Sports .
Soccer 's governing bodies were long resistant to the use of technology , fearing it could slow down the game , and imposed the `` one-second '' criteria on companies bidding to be used by major leagues and in international tournaments .
Hawkeye was the provider selected by the English Premier League and rolled out its service on the opening day of the season last Saturday , coming into use to rule upon a close call during Chelsea 's victory over Hull . Fans , players and coaches alike were impressed with the speed and accuracy of the system .
Story continues
`` That comes from the fact that there is no human element , '' Hawkins said . `` It is based on automatic tracking , as soon as the ball goes over the plane the signal is sent . … There are no subjective decisions . ''
Hawkeye uses a series of seven high-frame-rate cameras strategically positioned in the stadium , as well as vision processing techniques , to determine the exact location of the ball . The cameras work in tandem to give the central system a 3D image of the ball 's position at any given moment in its movement .
According to Hawk-Eye , images from each camera `` are processed to find the ball within the image and also identify areas which are definitely not the ball . ''
`` Control software '' collects the information in order to track the ball within the goal area . When it detects that the ball has crossed the goal line , it sends a signal to the official 's watch .
Interestingly , the technology also tracks near misses , sending a signal to the referee that the ball did not cross the line in a close incident .
`` The system is millimeter accurate , which ensures that no broadcast replays could disprove the decision , '' Hawk-Eye explains . `` The system accuracy is not affected by any variances in the painting of the goal line or if the posts are not perfectly vertical . ''
The nature of the NFL makes it more likely that the ball would be obscured by the carrier or defenders . However , the technology is able to accurately gauge the location even if only part of it is visible on two of the seven cameras .
Furthermore , the technology is able to remove players from the image , enabling a definitive shot that could be broadcast on stadium screens and by television broadcasters .
Slates have been getting a slating this week . Get it ? ! Slates ? Getting slated ? They ca n't use that in the headline now – I 've nabbed it . A lovely great big apposite yet unenjoyable pun . Stick that on your slate and eat it . Perhaps using some sort of gooey reduction as a gum , just to keep all the wrong-coloured tomatoes in position .
Actually , I stole the idea from the Daily Mail which went with “ Slated ! Plates back on menu ” , although there 's a chance that , unprompted , I could have thought of it myself . I do n't think it 's ridiculous self-flattery to suggest that . It 's just a pun on slate – it 's not the Dyson Airblade . Though both are products of Eurosceptic creativity . Maybe they can make Brexit work if they maintain this level of output . Though some claim it just makes an unpleasant noise and blasts microparticles of excrement all over the place , poisoning the atmosphere . I 'm talking about the Daily Mail .
So the thing I 'm going on about here is the news that the British have eaten their fill of food served on wacky objects – of which the slate is probably the least wacky example . The slate and the wooden board , as weird surfaces on which to present a meal go , are comparatively conventional , a bit square . Though not as square as the square plate . Which itself is obviously much less square than the round plate . Square as in boring and conformist , that is . Not square as in a regular quadrilateral . That sort , the square plate squarely nails . If you want a good square meal , go for the square plate , unless you mean “ good square meal ” in the idiomatic sense connoting solid straightforwardness , rather than straight-sidedness , in which case the circular plate is the squarer option .
Who does n't want to come across as in touch with the zeitgeist , but too down-to-earth to be impressed ?
I 've put it very succinctly but those were broadly the findings of a YouGov poll published last week . YouGov showed 2,030 people a series of increasingly unorthodox food platters and receptacles and asked which ones , assuming they were clean , the respondents thought were acceptable items for serving meals in . Or on . The crazy replacement crockery examples were suggested by an organisation called “ We Want Plates ” . It describes itself as “ the global crusade ” against zany food service , has spent years documenting all the mad things dinners have been smeared on in the name of style , and will sell you a “ Plates Not Slates ” hoodie for £40 .
The poll result was a wholesale rejection of the non-plate . Of those surveyed , only 69 % and 64 % respectively had any truck with slates or wooden boards , only 52 % wanted their chips in a plant pot , flooring panels received the approval of just 28 % , shovels of 17 % , dog bowls of 10 % and a measly 9 % would tolerate their food being brought to them in a perfectly clean and sanitary shoe . Joyless curmudgeons . What do they hang up for Father Christmas ? A large jiffy bag ? Who knew that people were so fussy ?
If you want confirmation of that fussiness , the survey also found that , while square plates were acceptable to a surprisingly high 96 % , circular plates met the approval of an amazingly low 99 % . That 's right : 1 % of them were n't happy with their meal being served on a round plate . That 's roughly 20 people . Even if the 99 % was actually nearly 99.5 % , it 's still 10 or so . What do those guys want ? Nutrient injections ? Their lunch to be fired at their faces from a trebuchet ? How is the food supposed to get to be in front of them ?
But let 's leave aside that anomalous dozen of hover-meal-insisting extremists – they probably did n't understand the survey or thought round plates were imposed by Brussels . What about this stinging rejection of the plate replacement ? How could Britain 's restaurants have got it so wrong ? Should we blame the Westminster bubble ( a light foam that goes well with poached turbot on a bed of samphire served on the back of a No Entry sign ) ? How should the food service industry respond ?
In my experience , everyone has always slagged off the weird items food gets served on . This kind of service has been happening for a few years now – decades if you count scampi and chips in a basket ( which I suspect most people do n't because that 's an old-school notion , uninfused with hipsterish wank ) . But the square plates and boards and general non-standard plate objects probably started appearing at the end of the last century . Precisely one second later , as the very first zany meal was plonked down in front of a diner , that diner said they thought it was silly and their dining companion agreed , and their mealtime chat was bolstered by reflections on how impractical it all was and what idiots some people were . Lovely .
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration by David Foldvari .
Thinking it 's stupid to serve food on a non-plate is one of those mysterious reactions that , despite being breathtakingly predictable , still feels original . You feel like you 're the only person who 's ever felt that way , which makes it a bit like being in love . So it 's an enjoyable feeling and one which , if food were never served insanely , no one would experience .
It 's also enjoyable to talk about , not just during the meal but later . It makes good conversation : under cover of a funny story about soup served as thousands of tiny droplets each clinging to a bristle of an upturned brush , or a paella dished up in an old disc drive , we let slip that we 've been eating out in trendy places . We 're in touch with the zeitgeist , but are too down-to-earth to be impressed . Who does n't want to come across like that ?
So it 's entirely unsurprising that , when surveyed about their views on this , people delightedly state their annoyance at silly restaurant trends . They do it because it 's fun . It 's not a sign of genuine consternation at food-service fashion any more than skiing is evidence of desperation to escape mountaintops . It 's recreational .
The daftest part of this outward board-dom ( should have left that for the headline writers ) is the implication that restaurants do n't realise it 's easier to use normal plates , and that there 's something frivolous or foolish about them worrying about their image as well as the food . But of course there is n't . They 've got to . There are cheaper and quicker ways of satisfying nutritional needs than eating out , so it 's vital to surround the process with a few frills , something memorable , some signs of effort . There 's no real justification for despising serving cheese on a skateboard , or steak on a hot anvil , unless you 'd equally scorn a tablecloth .
St. Albert Mayor Nolan Crouse will not run to be re-elected in the fall after 13 years on city council .
Crouse announced his decision in an online post where he called the opportunity to be mayor “ one of life 's greatest gifts beyond parenting a child . ”
He was elected a St. Albert councillor in 2004 , before being elected as mayor in 2007 , then re-elected in 2010 and 2013 .
READ MORE : Incumbent Nolan Crouse elected mayor of St. Albert for third term
He wrote that he 's proud of what has been accomplished during his time on council .
“ St . Albert is known as arguably the safest urban [ community ] in Alberta , and in recent years has regularly been acknowledged as one of , if not the best place to live in Canada , the best place to raise a family and recognized often as one of the safest Canadian cities , one of the best places to invest … and the list goes on , ” Crouse wrote .
READ MORE : St. Albert approves more funding to tackle lifeguard shortage
Crouse also touted the city 's financial progress during his tenure as mayor .
“ We have seen several years of very modest tax increases and even a decrease one year , and our financial health , measured by reserves and debt status is amongst the top two to three of all urbans in Alberta , and arguably number one . ”
Crouse said he has served with sincerity , serenity , integrity and hard work .
The St. Albert mayor added he does n't know what he 'll do next .
Watch below : This October , we head to the polls to elect mayors and councillors . But there 's one familiar name that will be missing from the ballot in St. Albert . Vinesh Pratap reports .
By Matthew Phenix
Volkswagen has at last finished working on its 60 mpg Jetta BlueTDI diesel , and not only does it look great , but it 's coming to America later this year .
The company announced at this week 's International Vienna Motor Symposium in Austria that the new diesel Jetta uses an updated version of the 2.0-liter four-cylinder turbocharged engine with common-rail direct injection that made its debut last fall in the European-market Tiguan .
Dubbed BlueTDI , the engine produces 138 horsepower and 236 pound-feet of torque . It 's good for 60 mpg on the highway , a 12-percent improvement over the 2006 Jetta TDI . And thanks to some emissions tweaks - an engine-management system that mitigates toxic nitrogen oxide production by limiting combustion temperatures , and a maintenance-free trap that converts the remaining NOx to nitrogen and water - the Jetta BlueTDI meets the EPA 's Bin 5/LEV 2 emissions standards . That means it 's 50-state legal without the need for urea injection . Even Californians get one .
The Jetta BlueTDI arrives in Volkswagen showrooms late this summer . Look for a price about $ 2,000 higher than its gasoline counterpart , which starts at $ 16,990 .
Photos courtesy of Volkswagen . There 's more after the jump .
We noted earlier that the Artic sea-ice is approaching a record minimum . The record is now broken , almost a month before the annual sea-ice minima usually is observed , and there is probably more melting in store before it reaches the minimum for 2012 – before the autumn sea-ice starts to form .
The figure shows annual variations in the area of sea-ice extent , and the x-axis marks the time of the year , starting on January 1st and ending on December 31st ( for the individual years ) . The grey curves show the Arctic sea-ice extent in all previous years , and the red curve shows the sea-ice area for 2012 .
( The figure is plotted with an R-script that takes the data directly from NSIDC ; the R-environment is available from CRAN )
UPDATE on the update The National Snow and Ice Data Center announced today ( August 27th , 2012 ) that the 2007 record has now been broken by their more conservative 5-day running average criterion . They also note that “ The six lowest ice extents in the satellite record have occurred in the last six years ( 2007 to 2012 ) . ”
Whose Planet is it Anyway ? Civic-morals in Elysium
Neil Blomkamp 's new movie Elysium succeeds in drawing a sensually accurate and gritty picture of an all too plausible future . The future Elysium depicts is in-fact a near perfect extrapolation of our present social dynamic on the planet : those with means sequester themselves and perpetuate their fortunes at any cost ; those without suffer under the brute , impersonal and robotic system of government that the rich have enforced . The two social classes are an atmosphere and the entire weight of High Earth Orbit apart from one another .
What 's striking is the carelessly discarded human potential on Earth . Max ( Matt Damon ) lives in the sprawling slum of Los Angeles 2154 . His friends tease him because he has a job , making explicit the fact suggested by the children and goats milling about the scene , most people on Earth DO N'T have a job . Why does this sound strikingly like the latest US job figures ? While roughly 162,000 new jobs were added to the US economy in July , the majority were minimum wage positions . That 's not growing the economy , it 's growing the slave class .
As in Elysium , the rich and powerful in this country have abdicated all responsibility for cultivating an educated , engaged and healthy workforce . In doing so they 've failed to even imagine the paradise that could be created through an inclusive society where everyone produces . Greed is NOT good . Believing in these profits above people mentality is a long-term recipe for poverty of body as well as mind . Our country can not succeed if we continue to uphold this barbarism as our golden calf . ( And to the faithful , do you really think Jesus went around telling people “ greed is good ” ? I was raised to believe the opposite ) .
And yet , this problem will require reason as well as morality to vanquish . If Corporations are measured by their profits not their employment numbers , it 's because of the system we 've created . As an employer , I can tell you it 's damn hard to hire someone these days . First off , it is ridiculously difficult to find young people coming out of college with any employable skills . Second , it is a financial and bureaucratic nightmare to employ them . There is no doubt that the government makes it harder for me to employ people , not easier .
All we really need to do is rewrite the tax code . Should n't I be getting tax breaks when I employ people instead of paying more in taxes ? ? ? Heck , given that the real cost of not employing someone is all the money they draw from the social safety net – should n't the government be willing to pay me up to 50 % of that person 's safety net costs for employing him ? And if I now have incentive to hire new people , I also have an incentive to make sure they are smart capable people – corporations could begin to take a more active roll in developing talent while the new workforce is still being cultivated in schools .
The question is , should we wait for the 1 % to figure this out ? Or do we have moral obligation as the 99 % to help ourselves ? In Elysium 's ending the world 's corrupt morals are righted by rebooting the software . Everyone on Earth is once again recognized as a citizen . It drew a tear from my eye to see humanity re-oriented towards a greater recognition of , and caring for all the beautiful individuals that make up the whole . In the movie , this system reboot takes just a few seconds . In reality , it will take longer to reboot ( or as of 2013 build ) an all inclusive system of just and digital government . It will take not just one act of rock em sock em bravery , but many repeated acts of sacrifice and perseverance . But in the end , it is we , the 99 % that control our destiny . It is our sense of civic-morality that can reboot the system .
The christmas present for the community !
Printed replacement for bowden coupling PC4-M6 or PC4-M10 ( compatible with heatsink or another printer part ) .
A little filing with a 4mm drill a bit may be necessary on the printed part .
IDEA :
I already ruined 3 pieces of metal coupling with blue top bought on AliExpress so they 're not holding the bowden anymore . The tapered thread coupling gave me an idea to recreate it to bowden coupling , which will be still usable after a lot of opening the coupling .
I used self-centering tapered thread Z-axis coupling V2.5 ( http : //www.thingiverse.com/thing:602481/ # files ) to create a coupling for bowden ( PC4-M6 + PC4-M10 ) .
Added photo of the very first functional print . I had to clean the inner hole with 4mm drill bit . Then I fastened the nut with wrench and the bowden is locked on it 's place perfectly .
David Thorburn-Gundlach 's resume might as well have been covered by a cloak of invisibility , at least as far as recruiters and hiring managers were concerned . Though the nine-page document included a wealth of technical skills , knowledge and facts , it was n't doing him any favors . In fact , it was hiding his true value to potential employers .
But what Thorburn-Gundlach did have going for him was an awareness that his resume was more of a hindrance than a help , and that it was badly out-of-date .
Out-of-date and much too long
`` I had invested a lot of time and effort into crafting a resume -- 10 years ago ! I knew my resume was entirely out of date , and that the focus of my career has since changed . I figured it needed modernization to bring it into line with current presentations , since styles change , '' Thorburn-Gundlach says .
Old Resume
`` Aside from being out-of-date , David 's old resume was way too long and way too technical to be appealing to the decision makers handling the hiring for the types of roles he is pursuing , '' says Stephen Van Vreede , personal brand strategist , CRW and job search agent for IT , technical and STEM careers with ITTechExec and CERW . ( Van Vreede is also a blogger for NoddlePlace and co-author of the upcoming book , `` Uncommon : Common Sense but Uncommon Knowledge From Today 's Leading Entrepreneurs and Professionals to Help You Lead an Extraordinary Life of Health , Wealth and Success . '' )
To address the length as well as the overabundance of information , Van Vreede had Thorburn-Gundlach describe the ideal type of role he envisioned . Once that was established , the two worked together to create a profile of Thorburn-Gundlach background as well as his wants and needs for filling this role . Then they went through his extensive experience , projects and achievements to determine what content would be included , how it would be prioritized , and the manner in which it would be presented .
A necessary process
Though the process was n't easy , Thorburn-Gundlach says it was both necessary and worthwhile to get his resume into shape .
`` It was time-consuming and painful , of course ; I do n't do introspection well and always have , at the very least , a hard time getting rolling , especially with all of the other demands of life . Annual performance review time is always my own personal hell . Like reviews , though , this was incredibly worth it both because of the result and for the thought processes and mindset shift I had to go through , '' Thorburn-Gundlach says .
He adds that having Van Vreede as his coach during the process was especially helpful , as it kept him from becoming distracted or discouraged .
When all was said and done , Van Vreede had whittled Thorburn-Gundlach resume from a whopping nine to two pages of expertly crafted , easy-to-read information that clearly showcased the value of his skills , experience and knowledge without including any filler .
`` The focus of the resume went from , 'Hey , here 's everything and then some in nine pages . Hope you have some time on your hands ; good luck . ' to a direct presentation of David 's relevant soft skills , experience , and achievements . Even if the reader only spends 20 seconds scanning the resume , they will know with certainty what David wants to do and the value-add he brings to their organization . When they come back later to read the resume in full , there 's still enough detail to support his claims that he 's a guy with deep technical knowledge and strong skills interfacing with the business , '' says Van Vreede .
Psychological impact
Through a series of meetings , Van Vreede and Thorburn-Gundlach were able to fine-tune the resume so that it contained only the information , skills and experience directly relevant to the types of roles Thorburn-Gundlach wanted .
Link to Final Resume
Thorburn-Gundlach was understandably excited about his new , more effective and powerful resume , but he says it 's more than just having a new set of documents to take with him on the job search . `` What surprised me most was how unexpectedly excited and motivated I was when I saw the revised version for the first time . Now , I have a great marketing platform that will do a much better job of presenting me , highlighting my strengths , and delivering my message to potential employers . A resume is a living document , and now I 've made it past the 'resurrection ' and am in a great position to be able to tweak and fine-tune it for different opportunities and markets , '' Thorburn-Gundlach says .
`` But beyond that , the psychological makeover that 's happened is great -- I 'm suddenly more ready to get out there and land that next gig which will bring me new challenges and opportunities , '' he says .
Related Video
I did some unavoidable driving-around today and tuned in , as I do from time to time , the sports station , which was discussing the evening-to-be 's hockey game . Because while I am not what anyone would call a real fan , I am an admirer of serious , respectful , grown-up discourse .
The afternoon warm-up show for the game proceeds at a measured pace , a leisurely flow of conversations with sportswriters and broadcasters , both here and from the opposing team 's hometown . It 's friendly . Voices are not raised . Jokes are made .
It 's also remarkably , you know , intelligent . They will spend ten or fifteen minutes in a row deep-diving on the subtleties of the Vancouver power play ( hockey jargon for that period when your opponent is being penalized and you have a numerical advantage ) , or what trading strategies Calgary might deploy to enhance its not-terribly-good-I-gather chances of making the playoffs with the current line-up .
They argue — intensely , with heavy recourse to statistical evidence ; and respectfully , with routine acknowledgment when a telling point occurs on the other side of the debate . Which implies that they listen carefully to what each other are saying , and react to its substance . They laugh often , enjoy each other 's insights , and thank their on-air guests in a tone that seems genuine .
Even those segments when they take on-the-air calls from fans are not terrible ; a remarkable proportion of the callers have something substantive to say , assuming you grant hockey discourse the potential for substance .
I do n't follow any teams in particular , but will sometimes switch a game on in the early evening before silence falls and I can turn to music or the Internet ; I enjoy hockey 's intensity and virtuosity and violence . I did that this evening , and while the game was unremarkable ( the Flames got whacked , but they defended a 5-minute power play with elan ) , a couple of times I realized that my perception of the action was being influenced by one of that talk show 's more telling points .
I wish , I really wish , that the fatuous self-serving drivel on the subject of WikiLeaks flowing from the serried ranks of opportunist windbag hypocrites were anything like as thoughtful and subtle as your average hockey pre-game show .
It 's no secret that Android is heavily integrated with Google search . Google Now ( soon to be Google Assistant ) is the primary voice assistant , and Google search is included on every device with the Google Play Store . According to Reuters , Google also pays device manufacturers to keep Google as the only search application on Android devices , and the European Union is n't thrilled .
EU antitrust regulators are ordering Google 's parent company , Alphabet , to cease providing incentives to keep Google search installed exclusively on Android devices . A 150+ page EU document outlines the issue , stating that Google `` can not punish or threaten '' manufacturers for not complying with its conditions . Sound familiar ?
The investigation by the EU started from a complaint by FairSearch , a group of organizations that commonly lobby against Google 's near-monopoly on search engines . Members of FairSearch include TripAdvisor , Oracle , Expedia , Nokia , and others ( full list here ) .
The amount of the fine has not been determined , but Reuters suggests it could be based on Google Ads revenue from European users , Play Store purchases , Google search product queries , and in-app advertisements .
While I 'm sure most users of the internet ( myself included ) use Google search , and perhaps see competitors like Microsoft 's Bing as an unsuitable alternative , it 's hard to deny Google 's monopoly on online search is good . Any SEO business will tell you that Google search rankings can make or break a website , company , or product .
Calvin Freiburger writes that leftists have been working up a sweat screaming at people and tearing down statues to protest Confederate symbolism that still stands in various communities across America . Now one man is responding with a far more civil and dignified , but no less physically laborious , protest of his own .
WISTV reports that Kevin Patrick Thomas Walker of Cleves , Ohio has taken to marching along State Route 128 for several hours at a time , multiple times a week , adorned in Confederate military gray , the Stars & Bars hung over his shoulder .
Oh , and he does all this despite needing a cane for a bad leg .
“ This is history , ” Walker said . “ Stop getting your panties in an uproar , America. ” Walker said that his goal is to get attention so he can spread his message . However , not everyone agrees with Walker 's demonstration , his opinions or his outfit . “ Most people cheer , ” Walker said . “ I 've had the finger a couple times. ” “ I think people are offended more so than supporting him , ” Steve Hannon , who stopped to ask Walker what his purpose was , said . “ I think because of the Confederate flag and the Confederate garb. ” Walker , who admits his route could be dangerous , said that despite differing positions on the issues , he wo n't be giving up his hike anytime soon . “ This country is crazy , man , ” Walker said . “ We are fighting each other instead of working with each other . ”
The good news is that despite the volume of the protestors and the amplifying they 've gotten from the media , this really is n't a major concern for the American people — polls show the majority thinks monuments should be left alone , and it 's likely that even most people who would answer that they should go would also answer that their removal is pretty low on their priority list .
Nevertheless , if anything can get people who still think these monuments somehow perpetuate modern-day racism to just maybe open their minds up a little bit , the sight of a man quietly subjecting himself to both physical strain and public ridicule , without harming anyone , to prove his point would have to stand pretty strong odds .
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers ' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources . When you share to your friends , however , you greatly help distribute our content . Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family . Thank you .
We now have more details on today 's “ groundbreaking ” NHL-MLB partnership .
As expected , the NHL has signed a six-year partnership with MLB Advanced Media that is geared primarily toward enhancing the league 's online presence . According to a report in Tuesday 's Sports Business Daily , the league will pocket $ 1.2 billion , along with a small ownership stake in MLBAM . Commissioner Gary Bettman however refuted that number , saying it was too high , before adding that both sides were very happy with the deal .
The NHLPA should be pleased as well . All revenue from the deal goes into the Hockey Related Revenue pile and will feed the growth of the salary cap moving forward .
As a result of the agreement , MLBAM will take over the websites of the league and all 30 clubs , along with all mobile applications . The NHL will retain editorial control over all platforms .
MLBAM also owns the rights to distribute live out-of-market games through the GameCenter Live streaming video service and NHL Center Ice in the United States and select international markets ( not including Canada ) . It will oversee the NHL Network , helping the league with “ programming and production ” after moving the channel 's facilities from Manhattan to MLB Network 's studios in Secaucus , N.J. For that , MLB will reportedly pay the NHL “ approximately $ 100 million a year in rights fees . ”
The deal kicks in starting Jan. 2016 .
So , how will this effect you and the way you consume the game ?
By all accounts , hockey fans are big winners here . MLBAM is considered the gold standard for its ability to relay content to the public in slick , fast and easily accessible formats . Highlights and updates should be more quickly available and easier to locate . Streams should be more reliable . It 's possible that , similar to MLB.com , free live broadcasts could be part of an enhanced NHL.com .
We should see significant upgrades to the NHL app , which is a near disaster at this point . And while there 's no expectation that the delays currently experienced by viewers of GameCenter Live will be eradicated—the same problem also exists to some extent for baseball fans—there should be improvements in other areas , particularly in terms of definition and quality of stream .
We should also see faster adaptation of new technologies that might emerge in the future that will help spread the game in ways that we ca n't imagine in 2015 .
What we should not see is a clamping down on the cottage industry of YouTube videos and instant GIFs posted to social media . MLB has silenced these as a contravention of its copyrights , but the NHL has allowed them to exist because it recognizes the value they have in advancing conversation about the sport . Since the NHL—and not MLBAM—will continue to have control over that decision , no one involved in the production of these video hits should expect a cease-and-desist letter any time soon .
The most compelling changes , though , could come to the NHL Network , which for too long has felt like a “ Me , too ! ” effort rather than a priority project for the league .
“ We 're proud of what we 've done but there 's always room for improvement , ” NHL COO John Collins said on Tuesday . “ This deal really allows us to focus on content . ”
Despite upgrades before this past season , there was still a minor-league feel to signature programs like NHL Live , NHL On The Fly and NHL Tonight . If the shows can take on anything close to the production values that define MLB Now and MLB Live Tonight , it will make for a viewing experience that 's more in touch with modern expectations .
We 're also likely to see an evolution toward hot takes on the issues of the day . Whether that 's a positive development or not depends on your tastes , but given the popularity of the outsized personalities that dominate the MLB Network , it seems inevitable .
While the early focus is likely to be on the live productions there is , as Collins noted , room for significant improvement to the programming overall . That could range from setting consistent broadcast times ( when exactly are Top-10 or Becoming Wild on ? ) to the production/re-broadcast of more team- and player-specific content , to historical documentaries and prospect promotion ( live junior and college games , organizational updates ) . Whether any or all of these will be addressed remains to be seen , but they 're more within the realm of possibility now than they were before this MLBAM deal .
We 'll know more as the partnership unfolds , but from all indications this will go down as good news day for fans of hockey .
Hot links
• Poker star Daniel Negreanu is ready to ante up as a part owner of any NHL franchise that comes to Las Vegas . And you wo n't believe what he wants to name the team .
• This 2015 first-round pick has a good chance to play in the NHL this season ... but only if his team gets him signed by Aug. 15 .
• What 's more compelling about Kings prospect Adrian Kempe : his speed or his fashion sense ?
• This 3D printing is amazing . Check out this hockey-related first .
• Despite a series of challenges , hockey is taking root in Singapore .
• You 've got to see Maple Leafs first-rounder Mitch Marner playing keepaway on the penalty kill against Russia on Monday night . This kid is going to be fun !
By making federal data available by default , the Open Government Data Act proposed by U.S. Rep. Derek Kilmer would increase transparency and support innovation .
Rep. Derek Kilmer has proposed smart legislation to improve the federal government 's sharing of data .
The Gig Harbor congressman 's Open Government Data Act has bipartisan support and should be approved by Congress . Then it should be closely reviewed by lawmakers in states such as Washington who are searching for better ways to share public records in the digital age .
Over the last decade , a series of administrative moves put more federal data online . This inspired state and local governments to adopt similar “ Data.gov ” programs to share more of the data they produce .
House Bill 5051 would require that the federal government share its data assets by default , in a machine-readable format , with no charges for its use .
Agencies would be required to create publicly accessible “ enterprise data inventories ” that account for any data assets they create or maintain . Exceptions would be made for data with security risks , personal data and the like , echoing the list of exceptions in federal public-records law .
Digital advocacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation raised a good question about the discretion that agency directors would have to withhold particular data . Kilmer said that 's a legitimate concern that he 's considering .
Although this federal law may not translate directly to state agencies , county courthouses and city halls , the template and spirit of disclosure would . Government at all levels is looking for ways to improve the flow of public information that 's now largely digital .
Policies that share data by default would prompt changes in how files are created and handled , so they are ready for public disclosure from the get go . Once that 's done , the cost of responding to requests for this data would plummet .
Making such data available for free is reasonable since the public already pays for it and the agencies ' operating costs through taxes .
Streamlined sharing of government data increases transparency and creates opportunities for entrepreneurs and innovation .
Kilmer notes several ways that shared government data contributes to new technologies improving the everyday lives of Americans .
Weather apps that many check in the morning are fed by data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , and traffic maps they check on the way home from work use data generated in real time by government agencies .
Who knows what else could be created if nearly all government data were routinely available ? Let 's find out by passing the Open Government Data Act .
John Yoo 's Legal Rationale : Warrantless Surveillance Is Basically A DUI Checkpoint , But For Terrorism
from the drunk-texting , -dialing , -emailing , -internet-browsing ... dept
Mike Masnick took a very in-depth look at the recently declassified legal rationale for warrantless surveillance , authored by torture aficionado John Yoo back in 2002 . The long and the short of the letter is this : executive power trumps everything , even the Constitution . The letter was `` given '' to the FISA court , much in the way an expensive and fragile item is `` given '' to a toddler . FISC Judge Kollar-Kotelly was allowed to look at it , but not keep a copy or take notes .
One of the more darkly entertaining aspects of the letter is Yoo 's `` kitchen sink '' approach to justifying the warrantless searches and seizures . USA Today 's Brad Heath pointed out the long list of rough comparisons Yoo included in the letter , claiming that warrantless domestic surveillance was roughly comparable to searching high school kids ' lockers for drugs… among other things .
Bush Admin . concluded NSA wiretaps did n't require a warrant , citing drug testing of high-school athletes . pic.twitter.com/Rw4TJcUhDt — Brad Heath ( @ bradheath ) February 29 , 2016
A variety of government searches , therefore , have met the Fourth Amendment requirement of reasonableness without obtaining a judicial warrant . The Supreme Court , for example , has upheld warrantless searches that involved the drug testing of high school athletes , id , certain searches of automobiles , Pennsylvania v. Labron , 518 US . 938 ( 1996 ) ( per curiam ) , drunk driver checkpoints , Michigan v. Dept of State Police v. Sitz , 496 U.S. 444 ( 1990 ) , drug testing of railroad personnel , Skinner v. Railway Labor Executives Ass'n 489 US . 602 ( 1989 ) , drug testing of federal customs officers , Treasury Employees v. Von Raab , 489 US . 656 ( 1989 ) , administrative inspection of closely regulated businesses , New York v. Burger , 482 US . 69 ] ( 1987 ) , temporary baggage seizures , United States v. Place , 462 U.S. 696 ( 1933 ) , detention to prevent flight and to protect law enforcement officers , Michigan v. Summers , 452 U.S. 692 ( 1931 ) , checkpoints to search for illegal aliens , United States v. Martinez-Fuerte , 423 US . 543 ( 1976 ) , and temporary stops and limited searches for weapons , Terry v. Ohio , 392 US . 1 ( [ 96 8 ) . The Court has cautioned , however , that a random search program can not be designed to promote a general interest in crime control . See Indianapolis v. Edmond , 531 U.S. 3 2 , 41 ( 2000 ) ; Delaware v. Prouse , 440 US . 648 , 659 n.13 ( I979 ) .
If privacy interests are viewed as intruded upon only by [ redacted ] is likely that Fourth Amendment interests would not outweigh the compelling governmental interest present here , In the context of roadblocks to stop drunken drivers , another area of `` special needs '' under the Fourth Amendment , the Court has permitted warrantless searches . See Michigan Dep't of State Police v. Sitz , , 496 US . 444 ( 1990 ) . There , the Court found that a roadblock constituted a `` reasonable '' search due to the magnitude of the drunken driver problem and the deaths it causes -- in fact , the court compared the death toll from drunk drivers to the casualties on a battlefield . Id . at 451 . It found that this interest outweighed the intrusion into privacy at a checkpoint stop , which it characterized as `` brief '' in terms of duration and intensity . Similarly , [ redacted ] than in the case of a roadblock , where a [ redacted ] law enforcement officer stops each driver to examine whether they are inebriated . It seems that if the Supreme Court were willing to uphold drunk driver checkpoints , it would be equally or even more willing to allow [ redacted ] .
Here 's the list : According to the government , warrantless surveillance is a Terry stop … or a drug test performed on railroad workers… or a demand for records from a pawn shop.Yoo expands on this rationale later in the letter , stating that warrantless electronic surveillance is really nothing more than a DUI checkpoint , but for terrorism.It 's a disingenuous argument that equates surveillance of millions with a low-impact checkpoint in which dozens of drivers are given a cursory look-over by law enforcement to determine whether or not they 've been drinking.But he is right about one thing : courts have been willing to cut the government more Constitutional slack when the subject matter is the War on Terror . This legal rationale was issued shortly after the 9/11 attacks when government and court sentiments would be almost exclusively receptive to Yoo 's arguments . But the searches Yoo authorized are far more general than the particularized nature of the searches he cites . In each case , there 's a specific group targeted . The NSA 's programs are n't nearly as focused . Communications and metadata are gathered by the millions -- both a seizure and a search -- before being refined to focus on suspected terrorists.The surveillance Yoo argued for treatscommunications originating or terminating in a foreign country as `` suspicious '' and subject to warrantless searches . To use his analogies , this is like claiming every locker not in a private residence should be subject to warrantless searches because contraband is sometimes stored in them . Or that every business that sells or purchases anything from overseas vendors should be subjected to the same scrutiny as pawn shops and motels simply because most terrorist attacks originate outside of US borders .
Filed Under : dui checkpoint , fisa , john yoo , mass surveillance , nsa , warrantless surveillance , wiretapping
Last updated on : March 12 , 2015 07:11 IST
'This was a total and complete failure of the State . When we begin to ask the right questions , only then will we know what led to a rape accused being dragged out of prison and being lynched by a mob . '
'It is also the failure of Naga society . Naga society must ask where we are going . '
'There are many elephants in the room . There is simmering anger at militarisation , the culture of impunity , criminal justice , sexual violence , outsiders , corruption , governance ... but these issues must not overshadow what happened . '
Voices from Nagaland discuss with Archana Masih/Rediff.com the vigilante justice meted out in the street , the failure of the State on March 5 and the need for retrospection for Naga society .
When A Jamir ( name changed ) heard that a mob had converged at the clock tower in Dimapur last Thursday , he went there to see if he could intervene . But he could not and was overwhelmed by the angry crowd .
A huge crowd had already gathered at the clock tower and were waiting for the mob from the jail to arrive . There were few police personnel , but he was surprised to find that there were no central forces .
`` Security forces are there even when small incidents happen in the state -- but here when there was such a huge crowd , there were no central forces to be found , '' he says .
People who wanted to intervene did not know who to approach , he adds . After some time , the police rushed in from one side . They fired in the air . He could not see if the accused was dead by the time he was brought there by the crowd -- but the day ended with two deaths .
One strung up on the clock tower ; the other slain by police firing in the street -- sending shock waves throughout the state and the rest of the country .
It was a horrific case of vigilante justice where a man accused of raping a student and of being a Bangladeshi illegal was lynched by an angry mob , which also consisted of school and college students .
It later turned that the slain man 's father had retired from the Indian Army , and two brothers continue to serve in the army .
The home ministry has asked the state government to identify the source of the mass SMS messages that claimed he was a Bangladeshi illegal .
The incident revealed the failure of the State and highlighted the locals versus outsiders debate , especially illegal Bangladeshi immigrants , that has been a longstanding issue in the North-East .
It has also emerged as a moment for Naga society to introspect about what went so horribly wrong that day .
Rediff.com spoke to Nagas to find out what they thought on the incident and its repercussions on the state and its people .
Akum Longchari
Editor . Activist involved in conflict transformation and reconciliation
`` For me as an individual , we have to condemn the incident as Nagas . Violence and retribution is not the way . There has to be accountability and what happened on March 5 must be taken for what it is .
Speculation and counter accusation will not help -- we have to come to the truth of the matter and find out why did it happen and where was the State ?
This was a total and complete failure of the State . The rule of law was usurped . It is the duty of the State to protect a person in custody .
There is a tendency to see this incident from a different prism . March 5 must be taken for what it is . When we begin to ask the right questions , only then will we know what led to this .
It is also the failure of Naga society . Naga society must reflect why did this happen . The State must be held accountable , but simultaneously Naga society must engage and ask where we are going .
The underlying issues are also important to deal with . The criminal justice system , outsiders , governance -- but these issues at the moment must not overshadow what happened .
I would not say that the March 5 incident was because of a feeling of marginalisation . I would n't say that Nagas are marginalised by outsiders . There is simmering anger at the state of affairs -- militarisation , the culture of impunity , criminal justice , sexual violence , corruption ...
There are many elephants in the room . People are talking about illegal migrants . Firstly , I disagree with the term IBI ( Illegal Bangaldeshi Immigrant ) , it should be illegal immigrant .
Illegal immigrants are a political issue and it is an issue which is not faced by Nagaland alone but the North-East region . There is no effective mechanism to establish who is illegal and who is legal .
The last few days , I have been meeting people and people are in a state of shock . They do not know how to respond -- they are in a state of shock . They are still trying to find answers how it happened and how to respond .
A response should begin with self criticism and realisation that we need to reach out and engage in dialogue with Nagas and outsider communities .
I say once again March 5 should be seen for what it is . The law and order issue must be addressed . ''
Dr Lungsang Zeliang
Professor
`` I was terribly shocked and condemn that something as inhuman as this could happen .
What seemed to start as a peaceful rally went out of hand . It is not easy to control a crowd of hundreds of thousands . It also shows the lack of training and unpreparedness of security forces in controlling mobs . It is important to train our police to deal with such situations .
The man was accused of the crime of rape , yet people should wait for due course of justice to be served to him , rather than taking the law in their hands .
Perhaps what led to this horrific incident is that society is also fed up with the slow cycle of justice towards those accused of rape and crimes against women .
It can not be pinned down to one factor . It is a complex and complicated situation . In general , we Nagas are good to outsiders .
There is a feeling that illegal immigrants are here and many businesses are controlled by outsiders , but that may have been just a small factor in the incident ( of March 5 ) .
This incident is definitely going to affect Naga society . It will affect the inflow of tourists . This is not the true image of Naga society .
We do n't know what went wrong . We need to introspect , engage and discuss what is going on in society .
It is also a reflection on our education system . We need to give importance to moral and value education . All stakeholders -- lawmakers , policymakers , educators -- should be involved in working towards a better society , not only in Nagaland , but in the whole country . ''
Reverend Father Carolus Neisalhou
Vicar General , Diocese of Kohima
`` Such acts of lawless are projecting a negative image of Naga society .
One can not be led by mere emotions and mob psychology . Such acts have no place in a civilised society .
All people must abjure all forms of violence , instigation , intimidation , vandalism and false rumours .
Recalling the words of Mahatma Gandhi , 'Non-violence is the weapon of the strong ' , the public should tread the path of non-violence for amicable solutions . ''
Image : A Naga woman from the Sumi tribe in Zunheboto district , Nagaland . Photograph : rajkumar1220/wikimedia commons . Photograph published for representational purposes only .
The New York Times ( 4/7/15 ) released a video of a black South Carolina man Walter Scott being shot , casually and without apparent mercy , eight times in the back by white police officer Michael T. Slager . The media 's outrage after the video 's publication was righteous and swift . The state of South Carolina followed suit , filing murder charges against Slager . Indeed , the video offers no ambiguity whatsoever :
Before this shocking video surfaced , however , most of the local press coverage , per usual , followed the police 's official narrative and amplified a storyline that , in retrospect , was entirely made up .
The Scott shooting , as Think Progress 's Judd Legum pointed out , provides unique insight into the way the police use inherent asymmetry of information to assert their narrative :
Between the time when he shot and killed Scott early Saturday morning and when charges were filed , Slager — using the both the police department and his attorney — was able to provide his “ version ” of the events . He appeared well on his way to avoiding charges and pinning the blame on Scott . Then a video , shot by an anonymous bystander , revealed exactly what happened .
In all police killings , one side–the victim–is , by definition , dead . So the “ both sides ” type of reporting we 're so often used to almost invariably becomes a one-sided airing of accounts , facts and selective details from the police side that the corporate media repeats without question . Indeed , Charleston 's local ABC affiliate would begin their report with , what turned out to be , an outright lie :
NORTH CHARLESTON , S.C. ( WCIV ) — A man involved in a traffic stop that turned into a physical altercation with a North Charleston police officer died Saturday after being shot by the officer .
But the New York Times video shows there was no “ physical altercation. ” There was someone being shot in the back eight times while trying to run away . The report would go on to mix up police assertion with fact again , seemingly inventing witnesses who were n't there :
Police and witnesses say Scott tried to run from Slager before turning to fight for the officer 's taser . It was during that scuffle that the officer fired his service weapon , fatally wounding Scott .
But what witnesses ? I have asked the reporter , Greg Woods , to name the witnesses he documented ; as of press time , he has not responded . Woods did not , in any of his reports , actually quote any witnesses saying they saw a “ fight. ” What appears to have happened is that Woods was told by police there were witnesses and he reported it , uncritically .
In another piece–that , in fairness , did have interviews with the victim 's family–local CBS affiliate WCSC effectively handed the report over to North Charleston police for their uninterrupted retelling of events :
Slager deployed his taser weapon to detain the driver but was unsuccessful , Pryor said . Police say an altercation then began between Slager and Scott , resulting in a fight for the officer 's taser . During the fight , Scott gained control of the taser to use it against the officer who then fired his service weapon at the suspect , Pryor said . While en route , the sergeant reported that he heard Slager say that he deployed his taser and was requesting for back up units , and seconds later reported “ shots fired and the subject is down , he took my taser . ”
We now know , by the sheer accident of someone filming the event , this narrative was false . We know Scott never “ gained control ” of a taser , and we know Scott only received medical attention from police minutes after they planted a weapon on him and handcuffed him as he lay dying . But the media , in an effort to report “ both sides , ” ends up transcribing the deceptive police report verbatim .
While providing an initial qualifier of “ spokesman said , ” NBC affiliate News 2 , would do one better and go on to drop this modifier altogether and simply report the police account as fact :
The officer deployed his department-issued taser in an effort to detain the driver , which was not effective . An altercation between the officer and the driver took place , leading to a struggle over the officer 's taser . During the struggle , the suspect gained control of the taser to use it against the officer . The officer then discharged his service weapon to stop the threat . Even though lifesaving efforts were conducted by officers prior to EMS 's arrival and EMS efforts on scene , the suspect was pronounced dead .
We now know this account was categorically false , yet it 's presented in the report as a straight recounting of events . The unnamed reporter does n't even bother to run through the motions of quoting police or qualifying these various claims with “ police say ” ; it just becomes , like so many local media accounts in the wake of police violence , a forum for authorities to uncritically provide their perfectly honed–if not at this point cliched–narratives .
“ There was an altercation. ” “ They reached for a weapon. ” “ The officer feared for his life. ” One can practically write the police reports before they do .
What makes this case revealing is that , unlike in so many other cases , video evidence exists that can be contrasted with what can be seen to be a police-created alternative fantasy . A fantasy that had been presented as reality by initial police reports , and thus the media 's subsequent reciting of those reports . Without the video , that fantasy would have almost certainly gone unquestioned .
In a corporate media environment where government officials are routinely given benefit of the doubt while those outside of power are treated with incredulity if not hostility , perhaps the Scott shooting can serve as a stark reminder to crime reporters that in the wake of a police killing , what police say should be treated with as much skepticism as any account offered up by those whose lives and careers are on the line .
Adam Johnson is a freelance journalist ; formerly he was a founder of the hardware startup Brightbox . You can follow him on Twitter at @ adamjohnsonnyc .
Correction : An earlier version of this post misspelled Judd Legum 's name .
About Paul Morrison
Paul Morrison has been a writer for most of his life . “ I can not remember a time when I was not writing , even when I was five or six years old . I grew up on books such as Treasure Island , 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea and The Time Machine — these and the many other books that I read in my early years fed my imagination , a voracious imagination transporting me to faraway places , other worlds and to other times in both the recent and more distant past ... ” Many of these worlds and places are visited in the novels and short story collections he has written .
Besides a love for fiction , Paul also reads widely on ancient history and archaeology . “ I am particularly interested in Ancient Egypt , mainly Old Kingdom Egypt during the age of the pyramid builders . I was always intrigued as to how the pyramids were built and about the lives of the pharaohs as well as the workers who constructed the pyramids . There were many questions filling my mind , but few if any answers. ” This inquiring interest led to the Giza Trilogy books , a monumental work of well-researched fiction set against the backdrop of the three pyramids on the Giza Plateau . Together , with their associated books , The Divine Light ( currently being written ) and the completed , Eternal Egypt , Supplement to the Giza Trilogy , these books total more than one million words ! Other books written cover a wide range of subjects including historical , science fiction , ghost and detective stories as well as many other genres .
Paul currently lives in Hobart , Tasmania with his wife in a house overlooking the Derwent River . “ The magnificent views of Hobart and of Mount Wellington inspire me in my writings — but the most important inspiration is my wife , Helena . ”
This is the final post in our series on analysing Hacking Team 's 'Galileo RCS ( Remote Control System ) ' . In our previous post we showed how to detect this system on your networks . In this post we 'll be drawing together all of the information we 've gathered on the system to attribute samples to specific Hacking Team clients , achieving the 'holy grail ' of threat intelligence .
Threat Intelligence is information about an adversary that allows us to effectively defend ourselves . It comes in many different forms , but can broadly be split into four 'tiers ' : Strategic , Tactical , Operational and Technical , as summed up by the graphic from the Centre for the Protection of National Infrastructure ( CPNI ) below :
Threat Intelligence Model from the CPNI
If you 'd like to read more from the CPNI , they have excellent guides available here :
In our blog posts to date , we 've covered the Technical quadrant of this threat intelligence picture , giving indicators of compromise and detection mechanisms to defenders . These allow a network defender to be sure that there was a Hacking Team infection on their network . However , it is generally very easy for an adversary to change their technical indicators . Merely re-compiling will defeat hash-based signatures for instance . Therefore as defenders it is most useful to understand the adversaries Tools , Tactics , Techniques and Procedures ( TTTPs ) . If we can observe a specific actor ( or group of actors ) for long enough , we can identify patterns in the way that their attacks are carried out , and therefore be ready for them when they come .
A key part of this process is being able to attribute an attack to a particular threat actor . Famous threat actors include APT1 , the Chinese group that attacked multiple western defence contractors . Mandiant released the first report of it 's kind in February 2013 , pointing the finger of blame squarely at the Peoples ' Liberation Army of China . Tying a digital attack to a real-world organisation is a task fraught with difficulty , as an attacker very rarely leaves their name and contact details behind . This problem was highlighted by the Sony Pictures Hack , where a storm of controversy erupted over who was actually responsible for the attack .
With the Hacking Team leak however , we have enough information to tie a sample to a specific Hacking Team client agency .
This is only possible due to Hacking Team 's licensing system , where the implants created by each agency are watermarked using a character sequence unique to each client . If we can obtain a sample produced before the leak , we can say with 100 % certainty that this implant was produced by the client corresponding to its watermark .
Client Watermarks
For the Windows implants , there are two ways to obtain the watermarks . Scout implants contain the watermark as a string within the binary file , so no special tool is needed to parse the watermark and attribute it . We can then use the watermark database included within the leak to tie this to a hacking team client . ( See our post on the 'killswitch ' for details of this database ) .
root @ 4A-JG-Kali : ~/GalileoRCS/attribution/samples # strings 3c8ba40fb1847def3f6f599626f8b2d1a3516e9313ce244239b93c9c69d396d3 | grep -C 10 B4y9 _TbF~ x & n * 1 # ? h8,4 $ 2Ht\l 3 ( 6k ExitProcess 20ba0000000003 btassist 7gff : B4y9gjKB7H4m5ehn7Fogy5AuLwg7fKbH % 02X % 02X % 02X % 02X % c % c % c % c % c % 02X % 02X % 02X % 02X 178.79.166.117 SetWaitableTimer WaitForSingleObject CancelWaitableTimer CreateWaitableTimerW CloseHandle GetEnvironmentVariableW GetNativeSystemInfo
We 've wrapped this up into a small python script , so that we can run it across a large number of samples . Elite level implants are harder to attribute , and require the configuration or the shared memory region ( See our post on using the Volatility Framework to discover these artifacts ) . Once we have this though , the same python tool can be used to tie an elite implant to a specific actor .
root @ 4A-JG-Kali : /mnt/ramdisk # volatility -- plugins=volatility-attributeht -f example_WinXPSP2x86.raw attributeht -- extract -- dump-dir=configs Volatility Foundation Volatility Framework 2.4 Hacking Team Galileo RCS Implant Detection - 4ARMED Ltd PID Watermark Process Name Implant Type Threat Actor Confidence ( Low-Certain ) 300 B3lZ3bup pippopippo.exe Scout VIRGIN Certain 1852 3OqZ1N5a userinit.exe Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain 1888 3OqZ1N5a explorer.exe Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain 228 3OqZ1N5a UsbCipHelper.ex Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain 212 3OqZ1N5a VBoxTray.exe Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain 244 3OqZ1N5a 19pivy.exe Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain 252 3OqZ1N5a ctfmon.exe Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain 264 3OqZ1N5a msmsgs.exe Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain 292 3OqZ1N5a rundll32.exe Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain 300 3OqZ1N5a pippopippo.exe Elite/Soldier FAE-FURLAN Certain
Android implants are more complicated to deal with , as samples typically arrive packaged as an APK file . These files are essentially ZIP files however , so we can open them up and analyse the contents .
root @ 4A-JG-Kali : ~/GalileoRCS/attribution/new_android_samples # unzip -l 64b557c0219db851c5dd2361ceeeba68e81bf6446c07e76f8bb137d95ed9cc1b Archive : 64b557c0219db851c5dd2361ceeeba68e81bf6446c07e76f8bb137d95ed9cc1b Length Date Time Name -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- 1714 2015-06-22 14:03 META-INF/MANIFEST.MF 1835 2015-06-22 14:03 META-INF/SERVICEC.SF 1200 2015-06-22 14:03 META-INF/SERVICEC.RSA 6408 2015-06-22 14:03 AndroidManifest.xml 1904 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/cb.data 9392 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/db.data 630608 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/gb.data 5568 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/hb.data 46528 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/ib.data 485520 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/jb.data 573280 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/jbl.data 256 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/kb.data 14128 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/lb.data 57328 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/mb.data 5648 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/nb.data 605936 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/ob.data 198 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/rb.data 26192 2015-06-22 14:03 assets/sb.data 534780 2015-06-22 14:03 classes.dex 6120 2015-06-22 14:03 res/drawable-hdpi-v4/ic_launcher.png 3156 2015-06-22 14:03 res/drawable-mdpi-v4/ic_launcher.png 9487 2015-06-22 14:03 res/drawable-xhdpi-v4/ic_launcher.png 18087 2015-06-22 14:03 res/drawable-xxhdpi-v4/ic_launcher.png 648 2015-06-22 14:03 res/layout/main.xml 552 2015-06-22 14:03 res/xml/device_a.xml 1940 2015-06-22 14:03 resources.arsc -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- - 3048413 26 files
The files we 're interested in are cb.data and 'rb.data ' . 'cb.data ' is the implant 's encrypted configuration file . 'rb.data ' contains the key for this file , as well as the watermark .
def bin_extract ( binary , start , len ) : return binary [ start : start+len ] def decrypt_android_config ( filename ) : report = { } try : report [ 'path ' ] = filename report [ 'sample ' ] = filename.split ( '/ ' ) [ -1 ] print ``
{ * } - Opening APK rb.data - % s '' % filename archive = zipfile.ZipFile ( filename , ' r ' ) data = archive.read ( 'assets/rb.data ' ) report [ 'backdoorid ' ] = bin_extract ( data , 0 , 14 ) report [ 'aeskey ' ] = bin_extract ( data , 14 , 16 ) .encode ( 'base64 ' ) report [ 'confkey ' ] = bin_extract ( data , 46 , 16 ) report [ 'challengekey ' ] = bin_extract ( data , 78 , 16 ) .encode ( 'base64 ' ) report [ 'demomode ' ] = bin_extract ( data , 110,24 ) .encode ( 'base64 ' ) report [ 'rootrequest ' ] = bin_extract ( data , 134,16 ) .encode ( 'base64 ' ) report [ 'randomseed ' ] = bin_extract ( data , 150 , 16 ) report [ 'persistence ' ] = bin_extract ( data , 182 , 16 ) .encode ( 'base64 ' )
We can therefore read the AES key from 'rb.data ' , and use this to decrypt the configuration file in 'cb.data ' . This gives us both the watermark , and the specific configuration for that implant . Again , we can use our database of watermarks to attribute this sample .
So now we have a toolset to attribute both windows and android samples and extract their configurations . One of the first things we looked at is the original analysis of the Hacking Team software performed by Citizen Lab . They made a number of assertions about the providence of the spyware used to target Ethiopean journalists in the US . Using our toolset , we can analyse these samples and determine if this is true or not .
Running our tool over the samples indicates that these journalists were indeed targets of the Ethiopian Intelligence Agency ( INSA ) , confirming Citizen Lab 's suspicions .
{ * } - Running Yara over target files HT_Scout_INSA_61 .. /citizenlab_eth//4a53db7b98aa000aeaa72d6a44004ef9ed3b6c09dd04a3e6015b62d741de3437 { * } - Attributing sample { * } - Found Watermark 74FFGHrh , Codename INSA { * } - Codename INSA , Client : Ethiopia Information Network Security Agency 10/31/2015 Active Additional sales in progress X 2011 HT_Scout_INSA_61 .. /citizenlab_eth//bc68c8d86f2522fb4c58c6f482c5cacb284e5ef803d41a63142677855934d969 { * } - Attributing sample { * } - Found Watermark 74FFGHrh , Codename INSA { * } - Codename INSA , Client : Ethiopia Information Network Security Agency 10/31/2015 Active Additional sales in progress X 2011 HT_Scout_INSA_61 .. /citizenlab_eth/4a53db7b98aa000aeaa72d6a44004ef9ed3b6c09dd04a3e6015b62d741de3437 { * } - Attributing sample { * } - Found Watermark 74FFGHrh , Codename INSA { * } - Codename INSA , Client : Ethiopia Information Network Security Agency 10/31/2015 Active Additional sales in progress X 2011 HT_Scout_INSA_61 .. /citizenlab_eth/bc68c8d86f2522fb4c58c6f482c5cacb284e5ef803d41a63142677855934d969 { * } - Attributing sample { * } - Found Watermark 74FFGHrh , Codename INSA { * } - Codename INSA , Client : Ethiopia Information Network Security Agency 10/31/2015 Active Additional sales in progress X 2011 { * } - Finding Android APKs in target directory { * } - Post-processing and sorting reports { * } - List of unknown client codenames { * } - List of unknown watermarks { * } - Attribution complete - successfully attributed 2/3 Samples and Decrypted 0/3 attributed samples
We then ran our tools over every sample we could obtain from VirusTotal . The results of this were dumped out as a JSON file , with each implant listed under the client that created it .
} , { `` sample '' : `` 765839c50ab5edbfd2faee544ec925fdba9aa9601516fc6b1de7449f3f88db9a '' , `` client '' : `` K Iraqi Kurdistan Iracheno 6/30/2015 Active n.a . `` , `` c2_servers '' : [ `` 106.187.93.219 '' ] , `` watermark '' : `` 45u8wvtB '' , `` demo '' : false , `` path '' : `` .. /retrohunt/intelligencefiles/20150821T142004//765839c50ab5edbfd2faee544ec925fdba9aa9601516fc6b1de7449f3f88db9a '' , `` codename '' : `` INTECH-CONDOR '' } ] , `` ROS-TEST '' : [ { `` watermark '' : `` M0jk12jf '' , `` aeskey '' : `` ryxx84LUa42m9l1ihIrUaA==
`` , `` demo '' : false , `` sample '' : `` 1254beb27163466f8ce67b79e92542476acade5762583aa888795a9763395ba1 '' , `` c2_servers '' : [ `` 62.244.11.86 '' ] , `` path '' : `` .. /retrohunt/intelligencefiles/20150821T142004/1254beb27163466f8ce67b79e92542476acade5762583aa888795a9763395ba1 '' , `` configuration '' : { `` globals '' : { `` migrated '' : false , `` remove_driver '' : true , `` collapsed '' : false , `` quota '' : { `` max '' : 104857600 , `` min '' : 104857.6 } , `` version '' : 2012041601 , `` nohide '' : [ ] , `` type '' : `` mobile '' , `` wipe '' : false , `` advanced '' : true } , `` modules '' : [
Of course this is n't very visual , so to get the most information out of it , we can plot this data using Google Charts . The graph below shows the number of implants attributed to each agency , and it is very obvious that the vast majority are either development implants ( where Hacking Team are testing their detection ratios ) or unmodified implants that were never deployed ( the 'VIRGIN ' implants ) .
Graph of Attributed implants including development samples
If we exclude these from the data however , we get a more realistic view of which agencies used the Galileo RCS the most .
Graph of attributed samples excluding development implants
The largest section is the South Korean Army , which accounts for 21.2 % of the total implants . Most of these implants were Android , which raises interesting questions about their targets . In addition , we can also view the C2 servers associated with each threat actor
South Korean Army C2 Details
The South Korean Army is also one of the few agencies to use domain names for their implants to call back to , rather than purely IP addresses . These provide Technical indicators that network defenders use in their efforts to secure their estates .
If you 'd like a copy of the data used for this , if you 'd like us to attribute a sample or if you have any concerns about the effect of the Hacking Team leak on your business please get in touch with us .
Perks come with the territory when you 're an A-list actor , and Gwyneth Paltrow might have found the most lucrative one to date .
The actress-turned-entrepreneur got Disney CEO Bob Iger on the phone to discuss how to scale her lifestyle empire Goop into a business like Iger 's studio — a position that earned him $ 43.9 million in compensation last year .
“ I called Bob Iger , because I had been in the Marvel movies , and I was like ‘ Hi , is there any way I could just , like , talk to you for one hour ? ' ” Paltrow said during a recent sit-down wth Fast Company to discuss her aggressive expansion into consumer and health retail , and thought-leadership summits around the world .
Also Read : 5 Gwyneth Paltrow Revelations From Howard Stern Interview : 'Iron Man 's ' Missing Script , Brad Pitt , Ben Affleck Breakups
“ He was very generous with his time , and he gave me advice that 's been invaluable , ” said Paltrow , who plays the CEO of Stark Industries ( and love interest to Robert Downey Jr. 's Iron Man ) in the Marvel movies .
Paltrow explained she was “ looking at companies that I could aspire to be , like , one one-thousandth or one one-millionth of what they are , like Disney , which is a huge benchmark . ”
These days the Oscar winner is too preoccupied with Goop to grace the Marvel cinematic universe — she last appeared in “ Iron Man 3 ” and has no confirmed plans to return . Relationship trouble between Potts and Stark was alluded to in last year 's blockbuster “ Captain America : Civil War , ” so it 's up in the air if and when she might return .
Paltrow last appeared on screen in 2015 's “ Mortdecai , ” alongside Johnny Depp , Ewan McGregor and Olivia Munn .
ALBANY , N.Y. -- A bill granting cancer coverage to the state 's more than 110,000 volunteer firefighters has passed both chambers of the New York State Legislature .
It 's now on its way to the desk of Gov . Andrew Cuomo , and the state firemen 's association has urged him to sign it `` without delay . ''
The bill would give $ 25,000 to volunteer firefighters who contract types of cancer including melanoma , digestive , hematological , lymphatic , urinary , prostate , neurological , breast and reproductive .
If a firefighter is unable to work due to illness , the bill grants firefighters 36 months of $ 1,500 in disability benefits .
And if a firefighter dies , the bill provides a $ 50,000 benefit to the firefighter 's family .
Currently , volunteer firefighters are not afforded disability or health protections except through the Volunteer Firefighters ' Benefit Law , which provides a maximum of $ 600 a month in disability benefits , according to the bill 's introductory memo .
Local fire departments , districts or municipalities will pay for the expanded benefits , according to the legislators who sponsored the bill , Sen. Joseph Griffo ( R-Rome ) and Anthony Brindisi ( D-Utica ) .
Firefighters are eligible for the health care coverage if they have served at least five years and entered the volunteer service after passing a physical that detected no signs of cancer .
`` Firefighters often respond to interior fires where cancer-causing substances are burning . While fire-prevention techniques have improved , firefighting is still dangerous , '' Brindisi said in a news release . `` It is only right that we provide the volunteers who are there to save our homes and our families with the health care coverage they deserve ... ''
Mohammad Amir quit Pakistan 's one-day series against the West Indies and flew home on Tuesday after his mother was taken seriously ill , the Pakistan Cricket Board ( PCB ) said .
Advertising
The 24-year-old left for Lahore and will miss the third and final One-day International against West Indies in Abu
Dhabi on Wednesday . “ The team management has allowed Amir to return home to attend to his mother who is seriously ill , ” the PCB said in a statement .
Amir took a total of two wickets in the first two One-day Internationals in Sharjah which Pakistan won by 111 and 59
runs respectively . But he is expected to return for the first of three Tests in Dubai , which will be played under lights with a pink ball , starting from October 13 .
Pakistan also have fast bowlers Rahat Ali and Sohail Khan in the squad , one of whom is likely to take Amir 's place on
Wednesday .
Advertising
Pakistan whitewashed West Indies 3-0 in the Twenty20 series which preceded the One-day Internationals .
NEW DELHI : India should nourish and cultivate its Muslim population which is successful and integrated and considers itself Indian unlike in some other countries , former US President Barack Obama said here on Friday while also observing that PM Narendra Modi recognises the importance of Indian unity.He said he had spoken of the need for religious tolerance and the right to practise one 's faith in private conversations with Modi , a theme he spoke of during his last official visit to India as President in 2015.Asked at the HT leadership summit if his 2015 comments were intended for Modi , Obama said , “ No , I think it was a message to all of us . I have said the same thing to PM Modi in private but I have said the same thing in public in US and in Europe . With migration , people start looking different , there is a clash of cultures . There is a counter narrative taking place , you are seeing in Europe , you are seeing in the US and sometimes you see it in India . Where those tribal impulses reassert themselves . There are leaders who push back against those impulses and those who try and exploit them. ” Asked of Modi 's response to his suggestion , Obama said he would not reveal private conversations , but said , “ I think his impulses are to recognise the importance of Indian unity . I know he firmly believes in the need for that and it is important to understand that this is the work of all of us. ” He spoke of his excellent equation with former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who he said had taken important decisions . Asked for his opinion of Modi , he said , “ I like him . I think he has a vision for the country that he is implementing and in many ways modernising many elements of the bureaucracy . I am also good friends with Manmohan Singh . He took steps to modernise the economy. ” Obama , who also spoke at a Town Hall here , said , “ The unifying thing ( between Modi and Singh ) was that ( they advocated ) strong US-India relations were important. ” Speaking on Pakistansupported terror , Obama said , “ What is true , and an understandable source of frustration , is the view that sometimes there are connections between explicit terrorist organisations based in Pakistan and elements that are connected to various more official entities inside Pakistan. ” When terror struck Mumbai in November 2008 , former US president said , “ the US was as obsessed as India ” to dismantle the terror network . US intelligence personnel , were deployed to help the Indian government , he added .
Laurie Daley and Dean Ritchie discuss the impact Kangaroos selection will have on Loz 's team , Bulldogs players excluded from the final City-Country Origin and Josh Reynolds ' move to Wests Tigers .
BRONCOS player Joe Ofahengaue was caught cheating after casino security reviewed footage of him winning a hand of poker and noticed him slip a $ 100 chip underneath the $ 15 he already had on the table .
The details of the bizarre incident were aired in the Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday morning , after Ofahengaue pleaded guilty in writing to one charge of cheating by fraudulent act or scheme .
Police prosecutor Sen Const Wade Domagala said Ofahengaue was at the Treasury Casino about 5.45am on April 8 when he won the hand of poker and slipped “ a $ 100 chip under the $ 15 chip ” .
He said the dealer did not see the sleight of hand , but when security reviewed the footage the ruse was apparent .
“ The defendant returned the money after being challenged by security and left the area , ” Sen Const Domagala said .
The court was told Ofahengaue returned later in the day and gave security his name and address .
On April 12 , he made admissions to police and was charged .
Ofahengaue did not give a reason why he could not appear personally to face the charge , as his written plea simply said he was “ unable to attend court on the day mentioned ” .
Magistrate John McGrath read the written plea of guilty to the court and said there was “ no further information ” .
Mr McGrath said the offence was a “ calculated act ” , but to Ofahengaue 's credit he returned the money and left when challenged .
He fined the Broncos player $ 400 and did not record a conviction .
EARLIER : Broncos forward Joe Ofahengaue has fallen foul of the law again after being caught up in a casino cheating controversy .
Ofahengaue , who played against the Panthers at Suncorp Stadium on Thursday night , is due to face Brisbane Magistrates Court on Friday on a charge of cheating by fraudulent act , practice or scheme .
The charge is understood to be related to an incident at a card table at a casino .
Ofahengaue is not expected to appear in court in person .
Broncos CEO Paul White confirmed Ofahengaue had alerted the club to the matter .
“ The club is aware of the matter and has notified the NRL Integrity Unit about it , ” White said .
“ We will allow due course to run and then determine if any further action is to be taken . ”
Ofahengaue , 21 , was a member of Brisbane 's 2015 NRL grand final team which lost to the Cowboys .
The nephew of ex-Wallabies player Willie Ofahengaue , he was dropped from the NRL midway through last season by coach Wayne Bennett .
PODCAST : David Riccio and Michael Carayannis join Fiona Bollen to discuss Josh Reynolds ' big bucks move , his true value and how Dogs fans will react
He only returned to the Broncos NRL team a fortnight ago after spending the early part of the season playing reserve grade .
Ofahengaue , a Tongan Test player , appeared in court last September to plead guilty to a charge of driving unlicensed and was fined $ 250 .
Ofahengaue told The Courier Mail this week he battled mental demons after being dropped last season .
“ It was some stupid stuff I was going through in my head and at home , ” Ofahengaue said .
“ I went and had a chat to ( Bennett ) and told him what I was going through and how I felt about it . We settled it out last year .
“ Hopefully I can restart again in my short career .
“ As a player I have matured a little bit . What I forgot is I had age on my side .
“ I have dealt with everything I was going through . ”
I want to argue that the war on marriage has many fronts . And while evangelical Christians have done a decent job in resisting some of the more outlandish attacks ( e.g . Obergefell ) , in other areas we have tended to go along with the secular flow completely . One area where acquiescence is evident is when it comes to the age when young people marry .
We do have a pressing problem . According to The Atlantic , right now the average age for a first marriage is 27 for women , and 29 for men . In 1990 , it was 23 for women and 26 for men . In 1960 , it was 20 for women and 22 for men . This is a grease fire disaster .
The factors driving all these are largely out in the secular world , but the repercussions are very much being felt in the church . Those factors include the availability of sex apart from marriage , the ubiquity of porn , the hostility of feminism to any useful social role for men , and so on . Under this pressure , a number of thinkers in the church have come up with various accommodations which allow us to register our concern about this or that motive , while going along with the general drift anyway .
So here is my suggestion . I think we ought to agree together than young men ought to be expected to find somebody cute and godly by their 23rd birthday . That should be the baseline social expectation , and we will reluctantly make exceptions on a case-by-case basis as they arise . How about it ?
Here are seven reasons for believing this .
1 . There is no such thing as gift of singleness . That is not a Bible thing . Paul does teach that there is a gift of celibacy . “ For I would that all men were even as I myself . But every man hath his proper gift of God , one after this manner , and another after that ” ( 1 Cor . 7:7 ) .
For someone who is gifted with celibacy , marriage would constitute a distraction ( 1 Cor . 7:33 ) . But for someone without that gift , the absence of marriage would be the distraction . Burning with passion does have a way of distracting .
If someone is single ( who very much wants to be married ) , that condition is only a gift in the sense that every affliction is a gift . Those who are single involuntarily must still worship the Lord , must still love Him , must still live productive lives in the church , and so on . The one thing they must not do is try to talk themselves into the view that singleness is a positive ideal like sunshine and upland meadows . It is a trial , and nothing is served by pretending it is n't a trial .
If someone is unmarried and the other sex is a distraction , then we are not talking about the gift of celibacy . And if we are not talking about celibacy , and there is no pending persecution ( 1 Cor . 7:26 ) , then the young men have a duty to initiate marriage , sooner rather than later . Find out what her name is , and ask her .
2 . The temptations of porn do not disqualify men for marriage . Rather they qualify men for marriage . God has a solution for sexual temptation for those not gifted with celibacy . That gift is called sex , bounded and surrounded with covenant vows .
Porn can certainly become a disqualification for marriage , but it does n't necessarily start that way . There are two major ways that porn disqualifies . If a man despises women , hates his mother and sisters , and seeks out the kind of porn that specializes in degrading women , then no one should be surprised that marriage will fix nothing . Something else is wrong with him — the issue is not self-control of a biological appetite . The issue is malevolence , and the repentance must occur elsewhere . Here the porn is merely a symptom of a much deeper problem .
But the other way porn can become a disqualifier is as catechesis , and this is far more common . We are talking about many years of catechesis and training . Say a young Christian man gets into porn when he is thirteen . Say he marries when The Atlantic says most men do these days , when he is 29 . That is 16 years of sex with the best-looking cartoon twinkies on the planet . They make no demands . They are seen and not heard . They bear no children who get sick in the middle of the night . No grocery bills for a teeming brood . Nothing interferes with the weekends of rock climbing or wind surfing . I ca n't imagine worse preparation for living with an actual woman .
In short , for most young Christian men who are vulnerable to pornography , waiting for marriage is going to create a bigger problem than it will solve . We ought not to be like those banks that will only loan you money after you prove to them that you do n't need the loan . How many fathers want a suitor for their daughter who does n't really need their daughter ? In most cases , postponing marriage until absolute purity without marriage is achieved is a bad idea .
3 . Men need help , and they need help as soon as they have assumed the full responsibilities of adulthood . Women were given by God to help men because men needed the help , and that help has to do with their vocation and calling . If a woman is called to be the wife of a doctor , she can step into that calling by being the wife of a med student . God does not say “ it is not good for man to be alone after grad school . ”
4 . Marriage is a wonderful way to deal with false ideas of the self . Who we actually are does not unfold out of us over the years like we were unpacking a suitcase . Who we actually are is who we become in long-term relationships with those appointed to us by God . In other words , I am not the same man that I was when I married Nancy , and she is not the same woman she was . We have become who we are now together , and this is the central way that God does it . Put another way , a large part of me was imported from my relationships .
5 . Children take a lot of energy , and children are one of the central reasons for marriage . Why did God make them one ? Because He was seeking godly offspring ( Mal . 2:15 ) . The work that is involved in this is intense , and those parents who are carefully planning to have their eldest hit kindergarten when they are in their mid-thirties are not , shall we say , “ thinking ahead. ” Delayed marriage is problematic pacing .
6 . If we had an expectation for our young people to marry young , this would help head off unrealistic standards from developing . The longer men and women live apart from one another , the easier it is to get crotchety , or even persnickety . This affects many areas of life , but one of them is the area of evaluating the looks of others as though one were a refined and discriminating connoisseur of feminine pulchritude . But you ca n't actually become a real connoisseur by walking briskly through every restaurant in town .
An unmarried person should have high standards for their future spouse when it comes to Christian commitments , basic responsibility , compatible personalities , and sexual attractiveness . But this needs to be balanced against the temptation ( which comes very easily to men ) of not having any awareness of what league they are actually in . “ For I say , through the grace given unto me , to every man that is among you , not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think ; but to think soberly , according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith ” ( Rom . 12:3 ) .
When standards are adjusted in the direction of God 's reality , this is actually raising the standard , not lowering it . Getting your head out your daydreams is a salutary activity . If you actually met a woman who fulfilled all your exacting daydream standards , what on earth makes you think she would have anything to do with you ?
7 . Feminism is a toxic mess . The best and only complete answer to it is for men to find a woman early , love her completely , feed and educate her children , and bring her as much happiness as you are capable of bringing someone . As one Puritan put it , and man should first choose his love , and then love his choice . Young Christian men should marry in such a way as to make celebration of a 75th anniversary a much greater likelihood .
In the words of the great saints of yore , it is time to shake a leg . Get a move on . We are burning daylight .
World Series of Fighting 22 could be the promotion 's biggest event yet .
Kickboxing ace Tyrone Spong will return to the MMA cage for the first time in two years against Strikeforce veteran Mike Kyle and a third title fight -- the inaugural flyweight matchup -- has been added to the WSOF 22 card set for Aug. 1 in Las Vegas .
Spong ( 2-0 ) is one of the best kickboxers in the world . He 's coming off a broken leg in April 2014 against Gokhan Saki in GLORY . His MMA return , as first reported by MMAFighting.com , now has an opponent in Kyle . Kyle ( 21-12-1 , 2 NC ) has fought twice in WSOF and has UFC and Strikeforce bouts under his belt . The 35-year-old is coming off a win against Baga Agaev at Abu Dhabi Warriors 2 in March .
Magomed Bibulatov and Donavan Freslow will face off for the flyweight title . Bibulatov ( 9-0 ) is a top prospect and recent signee from Chechnya . Freslow ( 4-0 ) , who fights out of Wanderlei Silva 's gym in Las Vegas , has won all but one of his pro MMA fights via submission .
World Series of Fighting 22 is headlined by a welterweight title fight between champion Rousimar Palhares and Jake Shields . The co-main event features bantamweight champion Marlon Moraes defending his belt against Sheymon Moraes ( no relation ) . WSOF 22 will take place at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Vegas and air live on NBC Sports Network .
When fans finally get a chance to see Spider-Man : Homecoming this weekend , they 'll be treated to a Peter Parker that is every bit as much a high-schooler as he is a superhero . Helping to bring the hallowed halls of higher learning to life are Peter 's pals , Michelle , Ned , and Liz , played by Zendaya , Jacob Batalan , and Laura Harrier , respectively .
In the video below , we catch up with Peter 's high school crew , and find out -- among other amazing Spidey things -- how they each took recognizable characters from the mythos and turned them into someone very different , yet still plenty familiar .
`` It was cool that we just got to make everything modern and updated , and still respect these 50 years of iconic comics , but pull from different things and make it feel like now , make it feel like this is a high school in Queens that really exists , '' says Harrier . Check out below to hear just how they accomplished that .
First thing 's first , Head Coach Mike Petke coming to the aide of his left back , Roy Miller , is expected . It 's what good coaches do . They show faith in their players . They instill a `` win as a team , lose as a team '' mentality that gets the guys to play for each other , a stated goal of the Petke regime .
He told the virtual press scrum this morning that `` this is not about Roy Miller '' and that `` we 're a team from the goalkeeper up to the forwards and all the guys sitting on the bench . We win together and we lose together . It 's not a cliche . ''
But let 's get one thing clear : This is about Roy Miller . Petke wo n't say it , but it is .
In 99.9 percent of cases , calling for a player 's head after a poor performance is either the knee the jerkiest knee jerk reaction possible or simple , blatant hackery on the part of us media types . But in very simple terms , one man out of 11 , Miller , lost the game for the Red Bulls Sunday .
That performance comes after a season-ending playoff series that saw Miller score a ( rather spectacular ) own goal , then stepping up to take the series-ending free kick over the league 's highest paid player and living legend , Thierry Henry . And when he 's not doing something jaw-droppingly idiotic , it 's the simple things that he just ca n't do well , like getting back on defense .
The flip side of winning and losing as a team is that you have the entire team on the same page , working together to get three points . Sunday night there were only 10 .
Really , there 's not a lot you can find out about a team like the Red Bulls this early in the year . Have certain things -- dropping leads in the second half comes to mind almost immediately -- set off alarms ? Yes . But they 're not the state of things after two games . They 're kinks to be worked out .
But Miller is n't a kink to be worked out . This is a pattern that 's been established pretty much since he got here . When you have a player suffering from the frequency of brain flatulence Miller does , something has got to give . When he 's not encroaching on penalty kicks or executing flying side kicks for own goals , he 's out of position or he 's ball watching .
These are forgivable mistakes for Connor Lade or Ruben Bover or Amando Moreno or Ian Christianson or Michael Bustamante so long as they learn from them . But when a 28-year-old , who takes up an international slot and $ 112,495 ( plus a yearly raise ) in salary cap space , makes those mistakes they 're not . They 're not just going to clear up with some training or video work . These are habits that are n't going to break .
Coinbase Will Oppose Government Petition in Court
Bitcoin exchange Coinbase is under scrutiny by the government agency the IRS , shocking the community . However , it seems Coinbase will be doing everything it can to protect its customer 's data and possibly fight the summons through litigation .
Also read : IRS Demands Coinbase Records In Surprise Tax Probe
Can the IRS Really Sift Through All Coinbase Customers Transactions Over Three Years ?
As Bitcoin.com reported earlier this week , the IRS has summoned Coinbase for information concerning customer data over the past three years . According to the summons , the IRS has identified three people who have chosen to use bitcoin as a means to evade taxes . Following this petition , Coinbase addressed customers via the company blog . The post titled “ protecting customer privacy ” explained the firm will do what it can to object to the IRS summons .
“ We want to work with law enforcement – that 's generally our policy , ” said Coinbase attorney , Juan Suarez . “ But we ca n't tolerate sweeping fishing expeditions . We are very concerned about the financial privacy rights of our customers . ”
The IRS states as an agency it is responsible for enforcing and administrating U.S. tax policies , and the organization has determined “ virtual currency that is convertible into real currency has tax consequences that may result in a tax liability. ” In a request to Coinbase , the agency wants documentation on all U.S. persons from January 2013 to December 2105 in accordance with IRS Notice 2014-21 .
While IRS Chases Tax Offenders , Coinbase Could Deny Request
According to Reuters Chris Padovano , a lawyer and the founder of Decentralized Legal , says he believes Coinbase may “ turn back the government 's request . ”
“ There are two questions here . One is whether or not ( the IRS has ) reasonably identified a class of individuals and has a reasonable basis for believing that all U.S. customers for Coinbase from 2013-2015 may have failed to comply with laws based on these three users , ” Padovano told Reuters . “ Two is whether the information sought by IRS is not available from any other reasonable source than Coinbase . ”
Meanwhile , IRS agent David Utzke said his team was following tax offenders that were using cryptocurrency and not reporting . Mr. Utzke told New York Times author Nathaniel Popper that two companies were involved with these offenders and one of those businesses was Coinbase .
“ The risk/reward ratio for a taxpayer in the virtual currency environment is extremely low , and the likelihood of underreporting is significant , ” Mr. Utzke explains . “ The characteristics of virtual currencies could enable them to replace traditional abusive tax arrangements as the preferred method for tax evaders . ”
Is Other Exchanges Being Summoned by the Government ?
Coinbase noted that its customers are important and the firm 's legal team is reviewing the matter . Coinbase says , “ in its current form , we will oppose the government 's petition in court. ” Additionally , the exchange says it will keep customers informed of the government request .
It will be very interesting to see what happens with the IRS summons . It is possible the firm can deny the request , but may have a legal battle ahead of them . Meanwhile , the cryptocurrency community has been upset , even asking if Circle has been summoned by the agency . One commenter on Reddit could n't believe the IRS would “ look through ~50 million transactions ” of 5-6 million customers . Yet many people think the IRS will do just that to get its hands on money the government believes it deserves .
Do you think Coinbase has a chance at fighting back ? Let us know in the comments below .
Images via Shutterstock , and the Coinbase website .
Have you seen our new widget service ? It allows anyone to embed informative Bitcoin.com widgets on their website . They 're pretty cool , and you can customize by size and color . The widgets include price-only , price and graph , price and news , forum threads . There 's also a widget dedicated to our mining pool , displaying our hash power .
Have you ever been in a situation where you tried learning something , put in the proper time , and got stuck ? Chances are you were n't learning in the best way . But how can you know what constitutes good learning in your field ? It can be frustrating to try to find advice for how to learn a specific topic on the internet . Most people do not think about the manner in which they learn . They do learn , but they ca n't externalize and teach other people what they did , so there are n't guides for this sort of thing .
In our first article on learning , we focused on some higher level learning techniques . The aim of these was to get ourselves more learning time and motivation . But even if your macro-techniques are good , you ultimately need domain specific practice . The second article in this series showed one specific technique for learning Haskell . It 's a start , but I still want to share some more general ideas .
This article will go over a couple more key ideas from The Art of Learning by Josh Waitzkin . The first concept we 'll talk about is the idea of deliberate practice . The goal of deliberate practice is to zero in on a specific idea and try to improve a certain skill until it become subconscious . The second concept is the role of mistakes in learning any new skill . We 'll use these to propel ourselves forward and prevent ourselves from tripping over the same ideas in the future .
Deliberate Practice
Suppose for a moment you 're learning to play a particular piece of music on the piano ( or any instrument ) . The biggest temptation out there is to “ learn ” the piece by repeatedly playing it from start to finish . You 'll get a fair amount right , and you 'll get a fair amount wrong . Eventually , you 'll get most of it right . This is a tempting method of practice for a few different reasons :
It 's the “ obvious ” choice . It let 's us do the parts we already enjoy and are good at , which feels good . It is , after all , most like what we 'll actually end up doing in a performance .
However , it 's a suboptimal method from a learning perspective . If you want to improve your ability to play the piece from start to finish , you should focus on your weakest areas . You have to find the specific passages that you are struggling with . Once you 've determined those , you can break them down even further . You can find specific measures or even notes that you have difficulty with . You should practice these weaknesses over and over again , fixing one small thing at a time . At a certain point , you 'll need to go all the way through , but this should wait until you 're confident on all your weak spots .
The focus on small things is the most important part . You ca n't take a tricky passage you know nothing about and play it perfectly from start to finish . You might start with one section that forces you make a quick hand movement . You might practice a dozen times just focusing on getting the last note and then moving your hand . Nothing else is important for these dozen repetitions . Once you 've made the hand movement subconscious , you can move onto another idea . The next step might be to make sure you hit the first three notes after the hand movement .
This sums up the idea of deliberate practice . We focus on one thing at a time , and practice that one thing deliberately . Mindless practice , or practice for the sake of practice will only give us slow progress . It may even impede our progress if we build up bad habits . We can apply it to any skill out there , including coding . We want to build up tiny habits that will gradually make us better .
Mistakes
So deliberate practice is a system of building up skills that we want . However , there are also plenty of habits we do n't want . We do many things that we realize later are errors . And the worst thing is when we realize we 've made the same error over and over again !
Waitzkin notes in Art of Learning , “ If a student of any disciple could avoid ever repeating the same mistake twice , they would skyrocket to the top of their field. ” We could also do this if we avoid mistakes entirely , but this is n't possible . We 'll always make mistakes the first time we try something .
So first we have to embrace the certainty that mistakes will happen . Once we 've done this , we can have a plan for dealing with them . We wo n't be able to avoid ever repeating mistakes , but we can take steps that will reduce the rate at which we do . And if we 're able to do this , we 'll see major improvement . Our solution will ultimately be to keep a record of the mistakes we make . By writing things , down , we 'll dramatically reduce the repetition of errors .
Practicing Haskell
So now we need to step back into the land of coding and ask ourselves how we can apply these ideas to Haskell . What specific areas of our coding practices can we focus on ? Let 's start with a couple lessons from Compile Driven Learning .
You could write an application , and focus on nothing but building the following habit : before you write a function , stub it out as undefined and make sure the type signature compiles . It does n't matter if you do anything else right ! After you 've gotten into that habit , you could also take another step . You could make sure you always write the function 's invocation ( where your other code calls the function ) before you implement it .
I 've chosen these examples because there are two things that slow us the most when writing functions . The first is a lack of clarity because we do n't know exactly how our code will use the function . The second is the repetition of work when we realize we need to re-write the function . This can happen because there was an extra type we did n't account for or something like that . These habits are designed to get you to plan more up front so that your life is simpler when it comes to implementation .
Here are a couple of other ideas in a similar vein :
Before writing a function , write a comment describing that function . Before you use expressions from a library , add it to your .cabal file . Then , write the import statement to make sure you are using the right dependency .
Another great practice is to know how you will test a piece of functionality before you implement it . In a couple weeks we 'll explore test driven development , where we 'll write test cases for our functions . But if it 's a very simple feature , like getting a line of input and parsing it in some way , you can get away with simpler ideas . You could commit to running your program on the command line with a couple types of input , for instance . As long as you know your approach before you start coding , it counts . It might be most helpful to write the test plan in some document first .
So in almost all the above cases , the “ trigger ” for building this habit is writing a new function . The trigger is the most important part of building a new habit . It is the action that tips your brain off that you should be doing something you 're not accustomed to doing . In this case , the trigger could be writing the : : for the type signature . Every time you do this , remind yourself of your current goal .
Here 's an idea with a different trigger . Every time you pick a structure to contain your data ( list , sequence , set , map , etc . ) , brainstorm at least three alternatives . Once you get beyond the basics , you 'll find each structure has its unique strengths . It would be most helpful if you wrote down your reasoning for your final choice . The trigger in this case could be every time you write the data keyword . For a more extreme version , the trigger could be writing down the left bracket to start a list . Each time you do this , ask yourself if you could be using a different structure .
Here 's one final possibility . Every time you make a type synonym , ask yourself if you would be better served making a newtype out of it instead . This often leads to better compile time behaviors . You 'll likely see clearer error messages , and you 'll catch more of your errors at compile time . The trigger here is also simple : any time you type the keyword type .
Here 's the most important thing though . Do n't try more than one of these at a time ! You want to pick one thing , practice it until it becomes subconscious , and then move on to other things . This is the hardest part about deliberate practice : maintaining your patience . The biggest temptation is to move on and try new things often before the good habits are solidified . Once you shift your focus onto other items , you might lose whatever it was you were working on ! Remember to treat learning like compound interest ! You need to make small investments that stack up over a long period time . You ca n't necessarily hurry the process .
Tracking Mistakes
Let 's also consider the various ways we can avoid making the same mistakes in the future . Again , these are different from the “ skills ” you build up with deliberate practice . They do n't occur much , and you do n't want to “ practice ” them . You just want to remember how you fixed some issue so you can solve it again if it does come up . You should keep a list in a Google doc of all the worst mistakes you 've encountered in your programming . The Google doc should record three things for each mistake .
What was the compiler message or runtime behavior ? What was the problem with your code ? How did you fix it ?
So for an example , think about a time you were certain your code was correct . You look at the error , then back to your code , then back to the error . And you 're still sure your code is right . Of course , the compiler is ( almost ) always right . You want to document these so they do n't trip you up again .
Other good candidates are those runtime errors where you can not for the life of you track down where the error even occurred in your code . You 'll want to write down what this experience was like so the next time it happens , you 'll be able to fix it quickly . By writing about it , you 'll also motivate yourself to avoid it as well .
Then there are also dumb mistakes that you should record because it 'll teach you the right way faster . Like when you 're starting out you might use the ( + ) operator to try to append two strings instead of the ( ++ ) operator . By writing down errors like this , you 'll learn quirky language features much faster .
One final group of things you should track down is awesome solutions . Not just bug fixes , but solutions to your central programming problems . For instance , you found your program was too slow , but you used a better data structure to improve it . Not only does it feel good to write about things that went well , you 'll have a record of what you did . That way , you 'll be able to apply it next time as well . These kinds of items ( both the good and the bad ) make good fodder for technical interviews . Interviewers are often keen to see what kinds of challenges you 've overcome to show your growth potential as an engineer .
I have one example that demonstrates the good and bad of recording mistakes . I had a nasty bug when I was trying to build my Haskell project using Cabal . I remember it being a linker error that did n't point to any particular file . I did a good job in making a mental note that the solution was to add something to the “ .cabal ” file . But I did n't write down the full context or full solution . So in the future , I 'll see a linker error and know I have to do something in the “ .cabal ” file , but I wo n't be sure exactly what . So I 'll still be more likely to repeat this error than I would if I had written down the full resolution .
Summary
It 's an oft-repeated mantra that practice makes perfect . But as anyone who 's mastered a skill can tell you , only good practice makes perfect . Bad or mindless practice will leave you stuck . Or worse , it will ingrain poor habits that will take more time to undo . Deliberate practice is the process of solidifying knowledge by building up tiny habits . You pick one thing to focus on , and ignore everything else . Then you learn that focus until it has become subconscious . Only then do you move on to learning other things . This approach requires a great deal of patience .
One final thing we have to understand about learning is the need to embrace the possibility that we will make mistakes . Once we have done this , we can make a plan for recording those mistakes . This way , we can learn from them and not repeat them . This will dramatically improve our pace of development .
If you want to start out on your journey of deliberate practice , you should download our Recursion Workbook ! In addition to some content on recursion , it contains 10 practice problems . The answer start from undefined so you can build up your solutions step-by-step . It 's a great way to learn deliberate practice ideas !
If you 've never written a line of Haskell before , do n't be afraid ! You should check out our Getting Started Checklist . It will walk you through installing Haskell and give you some helpful tools for starting on your Haskell journey !
Advertisement Nearly 10 years after fatal fire , 2 men now charged in case Share Shares Copy Link Copy
State and local law enforcement officials announced Tuesday that two men have been arrested in an Iowa cold case dating back to 2006.Christopher Joseph Yenger , 28 , of Ottumwa , and Zachary Allen Dye , 27 , of Council Bluffs , were charged with two counts of felony murder on Monday.DCI Agent Mike Motsinger said new information from interviews alleged the fire was started intentionally by people who were involved in a physical altercation at the home shortly before the fire was discovered . The case was reopened this month . `` It just goes to show when people think they get away with murder we are always there , always willing to look at things and hopefully everyone is looking over their shoulders because we do take things seriously and take homicides seriously -- and find them , '' said Motsinger.Authorities said during the interviews they learned the physical altercation took place between an individual at the party and Yenger , and that Yenger was asked to leave the party.FIRST PERSON AT FIRE : KCCI 's Marcus McIntosh talked Tuesday to James Lyon , who was the first person on the scene in March 5 , 2006 . `` I saw the fire up across there and the further I drove , the more I realized it was a house fire , '' said Lyon.He said that once on scene he immediately called 911 . He would later learn that two men were on the second floor of the home and died in the fire.Lyon said his thoughts are now with the families of Messer and Anderson and he hopes after the pain both families can find closure . `` Parents not only had to go through it initially , but now they have to go through the whole thing again . That is awful . That is brutal , '' said Lyon.CASE BACKGROUND : The case involved the deaths of two men in a house fire in rural Wapello County at 11612 140th Street.A party held at the home started around 7 p.m. on March 4 , 2006 , and had about 20-30 attendees . Authorities said they were all around the age of 21 . The party concluded between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. on March 5 , 2006 , said authorities.Investigators said that four people were inside the home when it caught fire about 6:30 a.m. Two of the people died and two made it out OK.Those killed were 20-year-old Nathan Messer and 22-year-old Seth Anderson.Motsinger said that the cause of the fire was undetermined at that time , but was reopened when the new information was learned . Motsinger said anyone with information on the case should contact the Iowa DCI or Wapello Sheriff 's Office.Authorities said the families of the victims told them they are devastated by the news.Look for more on this story coming up on KCCI-TV , KCCI.com , our Facebook page , mobile website m.kcci.com and apps .
Recycling companies stockpiling thousands of tonnes of glass as cheap imports leave market in crisis
Updated
Hundreds of thousands of tonnes of glass are being stockpiled and landfilled instead of being recycled , threatening to seriously damage the community 's faith in the billion-dollar recycling industry .
Key points : Australia consumes about 1.36 million tonnes of glass packaging per year
EPA regulations prohibit stockpiling large amounts of glass , but recycling plants say there is nowhere else for it to go
Hundreds of thousands of tonnes of glass is accumulating in recycling companies around Australia
Key industry insiders interviewed by Four Corners have described an `` unsustainable situation '' with glass which has `` nowhere to go '' because there is `` no viable market '' .
Australia consumes about 1.36 million tonnes of glass packaging per year : wine and beer bottles , glass jars and containers .
Glass consumption is at its highest in New South Wales , which produces about 460,000 tonnes of used glass per year .
One recycling company , Polytrade , has decided to go public in an effort to raise awareness about the issues being faced by industry due to what it describes as a failure of regulation .
`` We are back in the dark age and we do n't know what to do . We are receiving more and more glass with nowhere to go , '' Polytrade Rydalmere manager Nathan Ung told Four Corners .
`` The predicament at the moment is there 's no viable market anymore , there 's nowhere for the glass to go . ''
It is currently cheaper to import glass bottles than recycle them .
'We do n't know what to do with it '
Polytrade says the regulator , NSW Environmental Protection Authority ( EPA ) , is aware of the problem .
Recycling companies in NSW are prohibited from stockpiling large amounts of material due to limits placed by the EPA .
Exacerbating the situation , recycling companies are locked into long-term contracts with local councils , some as long as 10 years . The recycling industry is also experiencing a commodity price slump .
Now , hundreds of thousands of tonnes of close to worthless used glass have been accumulating .
`` We 're dumbfounded because we 're receiving glass every day , we do n't know what to do with it , '' Mr Ung said .
`` We 're forced to stockpile it , and yet there 's an EPA regulation that there 's a stockpile ruling that we ca n't stockpile to a certain amount . ''
In an unprecedented move , Polytrade agreed to open up its warehouses to show Four Corners just how bad the situation is .
Four Corners has recorded images of glass stored in giant bags in massive warehouses .
Polytrade keeps its glass bagged and undercover , to prevent leaching into the ground , but Four Corners has discovered another company , an industry giant , has a massive stockpile of glass kept outdoors — a mountain of material sprouting weeds .
The situation with glass recycling has reached `` crisis '' point in New South Wales , with one waste industry consultant describing it as `` a perfect storm '' of negative conditions .
Confidential report reveals 'unprecedented ' crisis
Four Corners has obtained a damning confidential report , commissioned by industry and provided to the NSW EPA in 2017 .
It reveals substantial stockpiling of used glass .
The report reveals :
With increasing freight costs , the economic viability of sorting and transporting glass is marginal in many rural areas .
While politically unacceptable , the increasingly attractive option for regional/rural areas is to landfill glass locally .
Multiple Australian states are experiencing the glass market downturn .
The report stresses the `` need for a coordinated response to this unprecedented situation '' from governments and regulators to stop the situation from worsening .
It also warns of the `` possibility of negative publicity , which can seriously damage the community 's confidence in recycling '' if the truth becomes known .
Recycling industry is in survival mode
Australian Council of Recycling ( ACOR ) president Grant Musgrove broke industry ranks to talk about recycling in Australia .
He likened the situation to the decline of the mining industry .
`` We have government inaction plus a perfect storm with low commodity prices , '' he said .
`` You 've got governments taking landfill levy and not allocating it for their intended purpose .
`` Regulations that are n't strong enough to give support to legitimate operators , good operators .
`` We do n't have the support for those . ''
Mr Musgrove said there needed to be a more coordinated effort by state and federal governments .
`` Some governments are very responsive and are doing everything they can , and some governments are caught napping or simply hope it would all go away , '' he said .
In Victoria , Mr Musgrove said `` hundreds of millions of dollars being raised as revenue from the landfill levy '' was not being spent .
`` Recycling is effectively being taxed to prop up a state government budget , '' he said .
Mr Musgrove hit out at regulators and governments , calling for action to be taken before the crisis becomes a disaster .
`` There 's no incentive to invest and there 's no co-investment by government , or very , very limited co-investment by government , '' he said .
`` It costs jobs , it costs companies .
`` We need ministers to bang their heads … together and come up with a national strategy , a national coordinated response . ''
Watch the Four Corners episode Trashed : The Dirty Truth About Your Rubbish .
Topics : recycling-and-waste-management , environment , australia
First posted
An Australian Night Parrot , regarded as the world 's most mysterious bird , has been captured and held for the first time after an 18-month hunt in the outback .
The ground-dwelling bird , once thought to be extinct and only ever seen by a handful of people , was found by researchers on a remote and arid 56,000-hectare stretch of land in the state of Queensland .
The researchers reportedly used camera traps and followed the bird 's calls before finally capturing it , removing some feathers and attaching an electronic tag ; they have since dubbed it “ Pedro ” .
`` When we had the bird … it was terrible to be honest … there was an enormous responsibility , being the first people to touch one , ” Dr Steve Murphy , an ornithologist , told The Australian .
“ But since then we have looked at each other and gone : ‘ Wow , we really did it . ' ”
The location of the sighting has been kept secret to prevent poaching or potential damage from an influx of bird watchers .
`` This is the biggest story of conservation in Australia today , '' Rob Murphy , from conservation group Bush Heritage Australia , told ABC News .
`` For as long as we can , we 'll keep it as secret as we can . It 's just such a critical thing that we do everything that we can to save this species to bring it back from the brink of extinction . ''
Environmentalists have described the endangered Night Parrot as the “ holy grail ” of birds because it is one of the world 's rarest species and has proven so difficult to locate .
Nocturnal and nomadic , it was first discovered central Australia in 1845 but was barely seen again until a naturalist claimed to have seen it in 2013 . Two carcasses of the bird have also been found , both in Queensland , in 1990 and 2006 .
Sean Dooley , the editor of Birdlife Magazine , described the 2013 sighting as “ the bird watching equivalent of finding Elvis flipping burgers in an outback roadhouse '' .
But the discovery proved controversial , with images and the location kept largely secret and some critics claiming photographs had been retouched .
The latest sighting has prompted a team of experts from several universities and the CSIRO , Australia 's science agency , to form a Night Parrot recovery team to try to locate and protect the species .
Dr Murphy said Pedro was first spotted at Easter and has been seen only once more but its tracking tag is believed to have fallen off . Initial DNA testing has not been able to verify whether it is male or female .
Experts estimate the population of the species is between 50 and 250 .
Nobody could accuse India 's telecoms regulator , TRAI , of being in the operators ' pockets . This month it has , once again , set eye-watering reserve prices for the upcoming 700 MHz spectrum auction ( see separate item ) , and now it has taken one of the toughest stances in the world on net neutrality , in effect banning zero rated or discounted content deals like Reliance Communications ' Facebook Basics , or Bharti Airtel 's Zero .
In a ruling last Monday , TRAI said telecoms providers are banned from offering discriminatory tariffs for data services based on content , and from entering deals to subsidize access to certain websites . They have six months to wind down any existing arrangements which contravene the new rules . Its stance is even stricter than in other countries with strong pro-neutrality laws , such as Brazil and The Netherlands .
“ This is the most extensive and stringent regulation on differential pricing anywhere in the world , ” Pranesh Prakash , policy director at the Centre for Internet and Society , said . “ Those who suggested regulation in place of complete ban have clearly lost . ”
Such decisions , combined with high spectrum costs , will quickly make the traditional cellular business model unworkable in India , and the more that happens , the more wireless internet innovation will switch to open networks running on Wi-Fi and unlicensed spectrum . R.S . Sharma , chairman of TRAI , was careful to tell reporters that the zero rating ruling would not affect any plans to offer free Wi-Fi services , like those planned by Google in a venture with Indian Railways .
A disaster for MNOs , not Facebook
Facebook pronounced itself “ disappointed ” at TRAI 's ruling , having lobbied aggressively for a more flexible approach since RCOM was forced to suspend the Basics offering in December while the consultation process took place . But while the ruling bars the Basics offering – which provided free , low speed access , on RCOM 's network , to a selection of websites , curated by Facebook – it does not stop the social media giant pursuing other initiatives within its internet.org umbrella . These include projects to extend access using its own networks , powered by drones and unlicensed spectrum , to the unserved of India and other emerging economies .
So while the TRAI decision may be a setback for Facebook , it is not the body blow that it represents for the MNOs with their huge debt loads and infrastructure costs , and low ARPUs . Facebook , with 130m users in India , has a comparable reach to the Indian MNOs ( only three , Bharti Airtel , Vodafone and Idea , have more subscribers than Facebook has users ) , and is better skilled at monetizing those consumers .
The challenge for companies like Facebook is that strict neutrality rules reduce their ability to harness others ' networks in order to reach out to new users . There are about 240m people in India who are online , but do n't use Facebook , and about 800m who are not connected , so the growth potential is far larger than in the other 37 countries where Basics is offered , such as Kenya or Zambia ( Facebook is blocked in China ) . Using RCOM 's network and marketing activities was a far cheaper way to reach some of those people than launching drones , but Facebook has other options too , including its existing efforts to make its services more usable on very basic handsets and connections ; the ability to leverage the WhatsApp brand ; and partnerships with Wi-Fi providers .
The drones may have less immediate results than Basics , but they are a high profile example of an ongoing shift towards open networks , which has been going on for years , driven more by Wi-Fi proliferation than neutrality laws . The latter will be an accelerant , however .
All internet will be free , not zero rated
Currently , zero rating is an increasingly popular tactic to lure users with an apparently cheap deal and then , hopefully , see them upgrade to richer data plans , or spend money on m-commerce and premium content , in future . Zero rating involves allowing users access to selected websites and services without it affecting their data caps or allowances .
The US regulator has so far tolerated the practice , but the debate is raging , there and elsewhere , over whether it infringes neutrality laws , by offering different pricing for different internet services . If other authorities take the stance adopted by TRAI in India , operators will have to find new ways to attract customers and differentiate themselves .
Increasingly , access to a truly open internet will be the baseline , and priced extremely low . That low pricing will be made commercially viable by rising use of Wi-Fi to reduce cost of data delivery , whether for MNOs , wireline providers or web players like Google and Facebook , which are moving into access provision . Providers , whether traditional or new , will have to stop regarding access to the internet as a premium service or a privilege – it will be more akin to connecting someone to the electricity grid , just the base enabler of the real revenue model .
Just as it 's only when users plug something into that grid that they start to pay fees , so the operators will charge for higher value offerings which ride on top of the internet – premium content , enterprise services , cloud storage , freemium applications and so on .
The mobile operators have not embraced these ideas willingly . For years , the ability to access the internet from a mobile device was regarded as a value-add , almost a miracle . Now that the wireless network is often the primary access method , they need to change their ideas and be more like the smarter cablecos – which have tacked internet access onto a model driven by paid-for content and services – or the web giants , which have worked out ways to monetize ‘ free ' access , from advertising to big data .
This , of course , is one of the goals of internet.org and Google 's similar initiatives involving drones , white space spectrum and satellites . The more users are able to access the internet , preferably for free , and the more they see Google or Facebook as their primary conduits to the web , the more data these companies have to feed into their deep learning platforms , their context aware services and their advertising and big data engines .
So while critics of TRAI said the zero rating decision was a setback to the goal of getting internet access into the hands of the huge underserved population of India , that population is too large and potentially rich for Facebook and its rivals to give up at the first hurdle .
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote in a blog post : “ While we 're disappointed with today 's decision , I want to personally communicate that we are committed to keep working to break down barriers to connectivity in India and around the world . Internet.org has many initiatives , and we will keep working until everyone has access to the internet . ''
TALLINN ( Sputnik ) — Protests against the EU refugee distribution plan , according to which Estonia must receive migrants from African countries erupted at Freedom Square in Estonia 's capital of Tallinn , the Estonian Eesti Televisioon channel reported Saturday .
In recent months , Southern Europe 's Mediterranean Sea coastlines have seen a major migrant crisis as thousands of people continue to flee conflict-torn countries in North Africa and the Middle East , making the sea journey to Europe .
In late June , Estonian Prime Minister Taavi Roivas said that the country will resettle some 200 Mediterranean migrants within the next two years .
`` According to the rally 's orchestrators , more than 1,000 people came to the square . Participants of the meeting expressed their disagreement with the prospect of welcoming hundreds of refugees from African countries , which the protesters believe are unable to adapt to the Estonian society . The attendees provided a strong argument of the negative , in their view , experience of the more developed European countries , '' the channel reported .
Earlier in May , the European Commission called on EU member states to take in parts of the 40,000-refugee total from Africa and the Middle East who had landed in Italy and Greece . The EU body laid out a quota plan for refuge adoption that took into account social and economic indicators in the EU member states . Under the plan , Estonia would have received about 1,000 migrants .
On June 12 , the Estonian Parliament joined other EU member states in refusing the proposed quotas , which caused EU government heads to agree to revise the European Commission 's mandatory migrant quota later in July .
Using a multi-word “ passphrase ” instead of a password has been suggested for decades as a way to thwart guessing attacks . The idea is now making a comeback , for example with the Fastwords proposal which identifies that mobile phones are optimised for entering dictionary words and not random character strings . Google 's recent password advice suggests condensing a sentence to form a password , while Komanduri et al . 's recent lab study suggests simply requiring longer passwords may be the best security policy . Even xkcd espouses multi-word passwords ( albeit with randomly-chosen words ) . I 've been advocating through my research though that authentication schemes can only be evaluated by studying large user-chosens distribution in the wild and not the theoretical space of choices . There 's no public data on how people choose passphrases , though Kuo et al . 's 2006 study for mnemonic-phrase passwords found many weak choices . In my recent paper ( written with Ekaterina Shutova ) presented at USEC last Friday ( a workshop co-located with Financial Crypto ) , we study the problem using data crawled from the now-defunct Amazon PayPhrase system , introduced last year for US users only . Our goal was n't to evaluate the security of the scheme as deployed by Amazon , but learn more how people choose passphrases in general . While this is a relatively limited data source , our results suggest some caution on this approach .
Amazon 's system requires a multi-word ( minimum 2 ) passphrase which is globally unique . This provided an oracle for our experiment : in the original version of the site , error messages would clearly indicate if a phrase was already chosen ( as opposed to being blacklisted or invalid ) , letting us test large lists of phrases to see what was taken . Our first experiment was a dictionary attack using lists of movie titles , sports team names , and dozens of other types of proper nouns crawled from Wikipedia , along with idiomatic phrases crawled from soruces like Urban Dictionary . We found about 8,000 phrases using a 20,000 phrase dictionaries . Using a very rough estimate for the total number of phrases and some probability calculations , this produced an estimate that passphrase distribution provides only about 20 bits of security against an attacker trying to compromise 1 % of available accounts . This is far better than passwords , which are usually under 10 bits by this same metric , but not high enough to make online guessing impractical without proper rate-limiting . Curiously , it 's close to estimates made using Kuo et al . 's published numbers on mnemonic phrases . It also shows that significant numbers of people will blatantly ignore security advice about choosing nonsense phrases and choose things like “ Manchester United ” or “ Harry Potter . ”
After this experiment , we did a few experiments to test the linguistic properties of phrases by generating potential phrases according to their distribution in large linguistic corpora ( we used the British National Corpus and Google n-gram corpus ) . Some clear trends emerged—people strongly prefer phrases which are either a single modified noun ( “ operation room ” ) or a single modified verb ( “ send immediately ” ) . These phrases are perhaps easier to remember than phrases which include a verb and a noun and are therefore closer to a complete sentence . Within these categories , users do n't stray too far from choosing two-word phrases the way they 're actually produced in natural language . That is , phrases like “ young man ” which come up often in speech are proportionately more likely to be chosen than rare phrases like “ young table . ”
This led us to ask , if in the worst case users chose multi-word passphrases with a distribution identical to English speech , how secure would this be ? Using the large Google n-gram corpus we can answer this question for phrases of up to 5 words . The results are discouraging : by our metrics , even 5-word phrases would be highly insecure against offline attacks , with fewer than 30 bits of work compromising over half of users . The returns appear to rapidly diminish as more words are required . This has potentially serious implications for applications like PGP private keys , which are often encrypted using a passphrase . Users are clearly more random in “ passphrase English ” than in actual English , but unless it 's dramatically more random the underlying natural language simply is n't random enough . Exploring this gap is an interesting avenue for future collaboration between computer security researchers and linguists . For now we can only be comfortable that randomly-generated passphrases ( using tools like Diceware ) will resist offline brute force .
Readers of Jared Diamond 's “ Collapse : How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed ” know that deforestation comes right before people eating each other to survive , so it is some relief that Brazil is sending armed officers into the Amazon to stop illegal logging .
It 's a war , says the BBC , and the environmentalists are winning :
In the decade between 1996 and 2005 , 19,500 sq km ( 7,530 sq miles ) of jungle was lost on average every single year . The comparison is overused , but that really is an area about the size of Wales or New Jersey each year . It reached a peak in 2004 when more than 27,000 sq km was lost . Then , in 2004 Brazil declared war – it said it would cut deforestation by 80 % by 2020 . Seven years later and it has almost reached its goal . The latest figures , released just weeks ago , show that 2011 had the lowest rates of deforestation since records began three decades ago – just over 6,200 sq km was cut . That 's 78 % down on 2004 , still a lot of trees – an area the about the size of Devon , or Delaware – but a huge improvement .
No , you 're not reading this story wrong . This is actually good news about the environment . Of course the eco-troopers are n't doing it alone . They have help from local ranchers , indigenous people , Greenpeace and others . — PZS
As the municipal election heats up I am going to spend some time analyzing current City Councillor elections . I would love to focus 100 % on all the good stuff I am coming across , however as I stumble on a few candidates who need serious help I will use it as an example of what not to do .
I want to start my election coverage with pointing out a Councillor Candidate who is doing something that all claim to do . This Candidate is Jesse Helmer Candidate who is running for Ward 4 in London Ontario . What he is doing is great is voter engagement . Every candidate with the corny slogan “ your voice at city hall ” claim they want to hear from voters and then turn around and do their own thing . Jesse Helmer has taken the voter engagement promise to the next level by incorporating crowdsourcing to his campaign .
Here is a brief video of what I am liking about Jesse 's web strategy :
Explore his campaign online at :
http : //www.helmer.ca/
https : //www.facebook.com/jessefhelmer
https : //twitter.com/jesse_helmer
If you have any suggestions for City Councillor election coverage send them my way . Good luck in your campaign .
Keep Knocking ,
KEITH
Webster defines crowdsourcing as the practice of obtaining needed services , ideas , or content by soliciting contributions from a large group of people and especially from the online community rather than from traditional employees or suppliers .
Ohhh and here is the sign they landed on – https : //twitter.com/jesse_helmer/status/479479215809904641/photo/1
Google
The Royals signed a number of players to minor league deals this week according to Baseball America , including reuniting with left-handed pitcher Jonathan Sanchez .
Sanchez pitched for the Royals in 2012 after being acquired from the Giants in a trade for Melky Cabrera . He was a disaster in Kansas City , making just 12 starts with a 7.76 ERA before he was shipped to Colorado for Jeremy Guthrie . Sanchez has since bounced around with the Cubs , Pirates , and Dodgers . He spent all of 2015 pitching in Puerto Rico , and last year was released by the Reds in spring training and did not pitch anywhere . Sanchez has a 4.70 ERA in 786 1⁄ 3 Major League innings and turned 34 last month .
The Royals also signed Bobby Parnell , a veteran of nine Major League seasons , mostly with the Mets . The 32-year old right-handed reliever has a 3.82 ERA in 336 2⁄ 3 innings with 7.9 strikeouts-per-nine innings . Parnell was a solid reliever for the Mets , saving 22 games in 2013 , but he underwent Tommy John surgery in 2014 and has had trouble staying healthy since . He supposedly regained his velocity last spring with the Tigers , but only pitched 5 1⁄ 3 innings with them before being released in August .
The Royals also signed switch-hitting infielder Brooks Conrad . Conrad has spent parts of six seasons in the Major Leagues with the Athletics , Braves , Brewers , Rays , and Padres . He has hit .200/.271/.389 in 515 plate appearances and has played all over the field in his professional career . He spent last year in the independent Atlantic League . The 36-year old will likely provide positional versatility in Omaha and possibly serve in a mentoring/coaching role .
The Royals also signed left-handed pitcher Braulio Nunez , an undrafted pitcher from Manhattan Community College , and outfielder Ruben Sosa out of the Mexican League . Sosa is a 26-year old switch-hitter who has spent time in the Astros and Angels system and hit .261/.344/.365 with 107 steals over five minor league seasons , reaching as high as AAA .
Sanchez was not well-liked in Kansas City , and it seems a long shot he has much left in the tank . Conrad could very well be a coach by year 's end . Parnell likely is the only one who has a shot at making the club next year , and Dayton Moore has shown he can pluck injured relievers off the scrap heap ( Ryan Madson , Peter Moylan ) and get some use out of them .
In the Nazi-occupied Soviet Union , German soldiers had a very real fear of witches .
Namely , the “ Night Witches , ” an all-female squadron of bomber pilots who ran thousands of daring bombing raids with little more than wooden planes and the cover of night—and should be as celebrated as their male counterparts .
This month marks the 73rd anniversary of the start of their pioneering service . In June of 1941 , the Axis powers pushed into the Soviet Union using the largest invading force in the history of warfare . The infamous Operation Barbarossa saw about four million troops wade into Russia from the west , establishing a line that threatened to overtake Moscow itself . The offensive was one of the most violent and terrible military actions in World War II , with countless atrocities committed against the Russian people . The battle-hardened male soldiers of the Soviet Union held the front lines against the Axis forces , keeping the invasion from overtaking the capital .
From the start of the war , Colonel Marina Raskova , a Soviet pilot who was known as the “ Russian Amelia Earhart , ” began receiving letters from women across Russia wanting to join the war effort in any way they could . Many women served support roles at the time , but it was difficult to make it to the front . Raskova lobbied to find ways for women to take a more active role in the war , and was highly successful in her efforts , leading to women being eligible for the draft and even convincing the military to establish all-female units .
In October of 1941 the order came down from Joseph Stalin that Raskova was to establish a trio of all-female air squads . The only one reported to have remained exclusively female was the team of night bombers , the 588th Night Bomber Regiment , where everyone from the pilots , to the commanders , to the mechanics were women .
Courtesy of Toys World .
The regiment began filling out in 1942 , with young women ranging in age from 17 to 26 transferring to the small town of Engels to begin flight training . The future pilots were greeted by Raskova herself with a no-nonsense , military manner . The women were issued size 42 boots , outfitted with ill-fitting military uniforms made for bulkier male soldiers . Their hair was cut short . As one of the pilots would recall in a later interview , “ We did n't recognize ourselves in the mirror—we saw boys there . ”
The women faced significant obstacles even before they began engaging in combat—namely , with the equipment . They had to fly Polikarpov Po-2 aircraft—two-seated , open-cockpit biplanes that were obsolete even by the standards of the day . Made of plywood frames with canvas stretched over them , the craft were light , slow , and provided absolutely no armor . The benefit of the planes was that they had a slower stall speed than the standard German fighters , making them hard to target , and they could take off and land just about anywhere . However , this came as literal cold comfort to the aviators who had to fly the ships through walls of enemy fire in the dead of night , with the freezing wind whipping around and through the exposed cockpits , often giving the pilots frostbite .
But this did little to discourage the women of the 588th . Starting with an initial bombing run on June 8 , 1942 , the all-female squadron would harry Nazi forces with overnight bombing runs all the way until the end of the war . At the peak of the regiment 's strength , it had as many as 40 two-person crews , flying multiple bombing runs as soon as the sky darkened , taking part in as many as 18 in a single night . The light planes could only carry six bombs at a time , so as soon as one run was complete the pilots would be re-armed and sent back out for another run . Of course this tightly controlled weight limit also meant the women could not bring parachutes and also had to fly at lower , more easily spotted , altitudes .
Using such vulnerable craft to make their bombing runs , the cover of night was crucial to their success and survival . Three planes would leave simultaneously , with two of the airplanes drawing searchlights and gunfire , and the third sticking to the darkness , to drop the bombs . In order to remain hidden , the pilots would also kill their engines when they got near their target , and simply glide over it , deploying their payload .
As the silenced bombers sailed over the Nazi forces , making a light “ whooshing ” sound , German soldiers began referring to them as “ Nachthexen , ” or “ Night Witches , ” a name the pilots of the 588th quickly took on with pride . Rumors began to spread among the Germans that the Soviets were giving the women pills and treatments that gave them the night vision of a cat . One of the most famous of the Night Witches , Nadezhda Popova , who herself flew 852 missions , earning her multiple medals and the title of Hero of the Soviet Union , described the situation a bit more accurately in Albert Axell 's book The Greatest Russian War Stories : 1941–1945 , saying , “ This was nonsense , of course . What we did have were clever , educated , very talented girls . ”
Unfortunately , not everyone was so impressed with the 588th regiment 's fortitude and military prowess . Many in the Soviet military still found the idea of women flying in combat to be laughable , despite their clear ability . Undeterred by the lack of faith from many of their male counterparts , the women embraced their identities , and are said to have painted their lips with navigational pencils and to have drawn flowers on the side of their aircraft .
By the end of the war , the Night Witches had flown somewhere in the vicinity of 30,000 bombing raids , delivering around 23,000 tons of munitions right to Nazi 's . The 588th lost 30 pilots during the fighting , and 23 pilots , including Popova , were awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union . The squadron was never disbanded , but was instead converted into the 46th Taman Guards Night Bomber Aviation Regiment , which continued to fight for the Soviet Union .
The Night Witches did n't have great planes , or superior bombs , or even very much support for their unit , but they nonetheless became one of the most remarkable fighting forces of World War II . No sorcery needed .
In partnership with Atlas Obscura .
For more , learn about the museum of women pilots here .
Perhaps not surprisingly , Price is a backer of the proposed legislation ; Aly suggests it 's really a matter of governments and mining companies `` following the law '' and the current law was `` just fine '' with no evidence it had slowed the pace of development .
Things got heated between Waleed Aly and Steve Price on The Project on Wednesday .
Matters were prickly from the start as , after telling us that no relevant member of the government was made available to speak to the show and that the radio host was the guest instead , Price was introduced with the disclaimer that his wife works in the office of the federal environment minister .
`` I do n't think we need to say what my wife does for a job , it 's got nothing to with what I say either on the Project or on radio every night , let 's get that straight , '' an unhappy looking Price began . He went on to say that `` cashed up green groups '' would `` cost Australian jobs '' , citing the oft-repeated claim that the proposed Adani coal mines in Queensland would create `` between 1500 and 10,000 jobs '' .
When Aly argued that the mining company 's own figures quoted in court suggested fewer than 1500 jobs would be created the to-and-fro began in earnest .
This week , Giza Inspectorate operated 18 water pump machines to pump out subterranean water that has accumulated under the Sphinx .
The machines are distributed over the Giza plateau according to a map showing the areas where the subterranean water has accumulated .
Mohamed Ibrahim Minister of State for Antiquities said that the machines will pump out 1100 cubic metres of water every hour , based on studies carried out previously by reputed Egyptian and American experts in subterranean water and ground mechanic and equilibrium factors .
He explains that the reasons behind the increase subterranean water-rates is because of the new drainage system installed in the neighbouring area of Nazlet Al-Seman .
Mohamed El-Sheikha , head of Projects Section at the Ministry of State for Antiquities ( MSA ) said that the project is carried out in collaboration with USAID ( US Agency for International Development ) , which also supported similar projects at Karnak and Luxor temples in Luxor eight years ago .
Pumping work will start in the area of King Khafre 's Valley Temple and the area surrounding the southern hill .
El-Sheikha explains that according to ecological and geophysical studies , the Sphinx and its bedrock are safe .
He told Ahram Online that the level of water under the ground level is 4.6 metres , similar to the level in ancient time . Such a level , El-Sheikha pointed out , is natural since one of the Nile branches had once reached the plateau when a harbour was dug to shelter boats transporting required blocks from quarries in Aswan and Tura in Helwan for the construction of the pyramids .
Short link :
Coun . Brad Clark of Stoney Creek is running for mayor of Hamilton this year , a decision he made when he learned Mayor Bob Bratina is n't running again .
Clark , who represents Ward 9 , said he 's been considering a mayoral run for about a year , but told Bratina he would n't run against him . But when Bratina made a surprise announcement Friday morning , Clark assembled his waiting team .
`` I had told [ the mayor ] if he was going to seek reelection I would not challenge him , '' Clark told CBC Hamilton . Bratina announced he would n't be running , but is pondering a move to federal politics .
Clark was a former provincial PC minister in the Mike Harris and Ernie Eves governments from from 1999 to 2003 , and says he would draw on that experience as mayor . Clark served as both minister of transportation and labour .
`` The reason I am running is that my experience at Queen 's Park and Ottawa will make sure that Hamilton is in the foremost thoughts of the government , '' he said , adding that his number one priority will be bringing jobs and new business to Hamilton .
`` With a global economy we really need to start reaching out to newcomer business owners , '' he said .
Coun . Brian McHattie , former councillor Don Ross , Crystal Lavigne and Michael Baldasaro are also running for mayor . Former mayor Fred Eisenberger has not filed his nomination papers but says also plans to run .
Clark won his Ward 9 seat back in 2006 . He also ran in the 2011 federal election while still a councillor , only to be defeated by NDP incumbent Wayne Marston .
Clark 's priority for Hamilton is jobs , he said . He is also against local tax dollars being used for light rail transit ( LRT ) — he 's only in favour if the province pays for it . He acknowledges that this will likely be a campaign issue as he faces off against McHattie , who is an advocate of LRT .
`` I will not every agree to spend any municipal tax dollars on LRT , '' Clark said . `` We absolutely ca n't do that . We do n't have the money . And I will not ever agree to have LRT at the expense of improvements to regional transit . ''
Clark , 54 , has spoken publicly about his battle with rheumatoid arthritis . His health is `` excellent '' and he 's ready for the campaign , he said .
`` My rheumatologist has been encouraging me to run for mayor for the last year . ''
Clark was mum on who is on his team , or how much he hopes to fundraise . Stu Beattie , who has run his previous campaigns , will play a key role in his mayoral run .
He 's not worried about the notion that former mayor Larry Di Ianni , who is also from Stoney Creek , might run . If that happened , `` he 'd be running his campaign and I 'll be running mine . ''
`` The campaign from my perspective will be about ideas and will be about the priorities we feel need to be discussed . ''
Clark filed his papers quietly Monday , without notifying the media . That 's how he 's always done it , he said . But there will be a launch soon . `` We 're in this to win . ''
McHattie knew other members of council would file to run , but he was a little surprised it was Clark , he said . It does n't influence his campaign , which includes a survey on his website for the community to help develop his platform .
Clark is a respectable councillor , but has been a divisive one , said McHattie , who represents Ward 1 . That 's what sets them apart . `` My relationship with my fellow councillors is a much more friendly one than Coun . Clark . ''
Bratina 's announcement Friday has made it a `` wide open race , '' said Coun . Chad Collins of Ward 5 . He 's not ruling out a run himself , and `` I think a number of people on council and in the community who can say the same . ''
`` It 'll be a different election unlike any we 've seen in the last several decades . ''
Image copyright Thinkstock
The effects of eating peanut products as a baby to avoid the risk of allergy have been backed up by new research .
In 2015 , a study claimed early exposure to peanut products could cut the risk of allergy by 80 % .
Now researchers say `` long-lasting '' allergy protection can be sustained - even when the snacks are later avoided for a year .
The New England Journal of Medicine study looked at 550 children deemed prone to developing a peanut allergy .
The latest paper builds on the results of the 2015 research , which was also carried out by King 's College London and marked the first time scientists were able to suggest that exposing children to small amounts of peanut snacks could stave off an allergy .
'Self-fulfilling prophecy '
The new study suggests that if a child has consumed peanut snacks within the first 11 months of life , then at the age of five they can afford to stop eating the food entirely for a year , and maintain no allergy .
Lead author Prof Gideon Lack said : `` [ The research ] clearly demonstrates that the majority of infants did in fact remain protected and that the protection was long-lasting . ''
He said that part of the problem was that people lived in a `` culture of food fear '' .
`` I believe that this fear of food allergy has become a self-fulfilling prophecy , because the food is excluded from the diet and , as a result , the child fails to develop tolerance , '' he told the BBC News website .
The researchers used the same children who took part in the 2015 study - half of whom had been given peanut snacks as a baby while the remainder had been fed on a diet of breast milk alone .
Detection methods
`` The study found that at six years of age , there was no statistically significant increase in allergy after 12 months of avoidance , in those who had consumed peanut during the [ 2015 ] trial , '' the authors said .
The children taking part in the study were considered prone to peanut allergy , because they had already developed eczema as a baby - an early warning sign of allergies .
Prof Lack said that further studies were needed to see if the resistance lasts for considerably longer than the 12-month abstinence period .
He said that in the UK and US combined , 20,000 babies a year are being diagnosed with peanut allergies .
He also said that between 1995 and 2005 , the number of people being diagnosed had trebled , and this was not because detection methods had become any more advanced as they had remained the same .
Prof Barry Kay , from Imperial College London , said the study 's results `` point the way to completely fresh thinking on the mechanisms of tolerance to allergenic foods in 'at risk ' infants '' .
Speaking about both pieces of research , Michael Walker , a consultant analyst and medical adviser to the government , said : `` Taken together these are reassuring findings that pave the way to stem the epidemic of peanut allergy . ''
UPDATE : Kermit Gosnell was found guilty today of three counts of first-degree murder . Because the major news media initially refused to cover the story , many people are unaware of the extent of the atrocities committed by the Philadelphia abortionist . TGC is reposting this entry to provide context and background for this breaking news story .
Kermit Gosnell , 72 , is an abortionist on trial in Pennsylvania for murder and infanticide . Here are 9 things you should know about the Gosnell case :
1 . Gosnell was arrested in January 2011 , charged with eight counts of murder : one patient who allegedly died under his care after a botched abortion , and seven infants supposedly born alive whose spinal cords Gosnell allegedly severed with scissors .
2 . According to prosecutors in Philadelphia , Gosnell catered to minorities , immigrants , and poor women , and made millions of dollars over 30 years performing illegal and late-term abortions in squalid and barbaric conditions . Gosnell took extra precautions with white women from the suburbs , according to the grand jury report . He allegedly ushered them into a slightly cleaner area because he thought they would be more likely to file a complaint .
3 . Women paid $ 325 for first-trimester abortions and $ 1,600 to $ 3,000 for abortions up to 30 weeks . The clinic took in up to $ 15,000 a day , said authorities . Although abortions after the 24th week are illegal , Gosnell allegedly aborted and killed babies in the sixth and seventh months of pregnancy and charged more for bigger babies .
4 . According to the grand jury report , the clinic reeked of animal urine and the furniture and blankets were stained with blood . Medical instruments found in the practice had not been properly sterilized . State officials have failed to visit or inspect his abortion clinic since 1993 . Prosecutors also claim that Gosnell is not certified in either gynecology or obstetrics .
5 . Prosecutors say that none of Gosnell 's staff , including his wife , were licensed nurses or doctors and that a 15-year-old student performed anesthesia with potentially lethal narcotics .
6 . A woman who worked for Gosnell testified that she was called back to a room at his abortion clinic in Philadelphia where the bodies of aborted babies were kept to hear one screaming amid a shelf-full of dead babies . “ I ca n't describe it , ” says the woman . “ It sounded like a little alien. ” She says the body of the child was about 18 to
24 inches long and was one of the largest babies she had seen delivered during abortion procedures at Gosnell 's clinic .
7 . On January 31 , 1998 , a then 15 year old Robyn Reid sought an abortion from Gosnell 's clinic . Once she was in the clinic , though , Reid , an 87-pound teenager at the time , told Gosnell she changed her mind about the abortion . She claims Gosnell got upset , ripped off her clothes , restrained her , and repeatedly told her , “ This is the same care that I would give to my own daughter. ” Reid regained consciousness 12 hours later at her aunt 's home , with the abortion having been completed against her will .
8 . Gosnell 's arrest and trial have received almost no coverage by the national media . During the early part of the trial ABC , CBS and NBC did not cover the trial at all , yet gave 41 minutes and 26 seconds of air time to the story of Mike Rice , the Rutgers basketball coach who was fired for verbally and physically abusing his players .
9 . The 3801 Lancaster Film Project is an ongoing documentary series about Kermit Gosnell , the Women 's Medical Society , and the cover-up by state and local oversight agencies .
( Warning : The video contains graphic images . )
Indian Women Flout Menstrual Taboos By Saying They 're # HappyToBleed
Enlarge this image Hanna Barczyk for NPR Hanna Barczyk for NPR
For five years , Anita Bai came by my house in Mumbai every afternoon to dust , sweep and mop . But we 'd never had a conversation about periods — until two years ago . We were in my kitchen .
See , insects had invaded my spice rack , and I was annoyed at having to dump out the turmeric . Anita Bai insisted that this is what happens when women cook while they 're `` impure '' — that is , when they 're on their menses . Back in her village just south of Mumbai , menstruating ladies would n't be allowed to enter the kitchen , she told me . I was reaping what I had sowed .
I 've always known that in certain parts of India , women are shunned for the duration of their periods . But in urban India , I always felt periods were a private matter . Even in big cities like Mumbai , where most Hindu temples post signs asking menstruating women to stay away , I figured the decision to pray — or not pray — while bleeding was ultimately between a woman and her god .
This Fall , that decision became a whole lot more public . It started at the Sabarimala temple in Kerala , which is dedicated to the Hindu deity Sri Ayyappan . For at least the last hundred years , women of reproductive age have been barred from entering the temple because Ayyappan , an ascetic , had shunned bodily desire . Only men are allowed to visit , after undergoing 41 days of ritual fasting and abstinence not just from sex , but also alcohol and tobacco .
In November , reporters asked the new president of the temple 's governing board , Prayar Gopalakrishnan , whether he 'd consider lifting the ban on women aged 10 to 50 . His response : `` The day there will be a machine to detect if it 's the 'right time ' for women to enter temples , that day they will be allowed in Sabrimala . ''
His remarks struck a chord with a student activist who goes by the alias Nikita Azad ( Azad means free ) . On the site Youth Ki Awaaz ( the voice of the youth ) , Azad wrote an open letter to Gopalakrishnan questioning this discrimination against a natural , biological function . `` Are n't all the men who enter the temple product of the blood formed in their mothers ' uteruses ? '' she wrote . `` You have decided that I should not bring my polluted blood inside the temple . But , which God gave somebody the right to choose what I do with my blood ? ''
Azad then posted a picture on Facebook with the hashtag # HappyToBleed , which quickly went viral . Women in India and around the world started using the hashtag on Twitter and Facebook , and many changed their profile photos to depict sanitary napkins and tampons .
`` This is not an anti-temple campaign , '' Azad explains . `` It 's against menstrual taboos , which affect health because there is no space to talk about it . ''
Lots of Hindu temples ask menstruating women to stay away . Even the Kamakhya temple in Assam , which celebrates fertility and menstruation , bars women who are on their periods .
`` Who knows when this prohibition started ? '' says Khevana Desai , an assistant professor of sociology at Mithibai College in Mumbai . `` There is no logic to it . ''
In fact , the oldest scriptures in Hinduism , the Vedas , refer to menstrual blood euphemistically as kusum ( flower ) , pushpa ( blossom ) and jivarakta ( the giver of life ) . The Laws of Manu , the ancient Hindu codes of governance , are fairly neutral about menstruation .
Most scholars agree that the idea that periods are impure likely sprang up in medieval times . The practice of shunning menstruating women was a way for upper-class male priests to protect their position at the top of the hierarchy , Desai says .
A lot of cultures and religions have rigid rules around menstruation , she notes .
In India , those who perpetuate the taboo sometimes give it positive spin , saying it 's a way to protect women . `` The original idea may have been to give women a break because they used to do a lot of strenuous manual work — collecting water , harvesting grain , '' says Desai . One religious guru says it 's because menstruating women are too pure to enter a temple .
But anthropologists and historians point out that across cultures , the emergence of menstrual taboos tends to coincide with a lower status for women . `` I think the patriarchy added the idea of impurity as a way of reinforcing their supremacy , '' Desai says .
`` I 've seen women shunned , being treated as untouchable , made to sleep on jute mats , not fed in the same plates , '' Desai adds . Some traditions hold that if a menstruating woman 's shadow falls on certain plants , the leaves fall off . It 's clear that these beliefs hinder , rather than help women , she says .
But these days , more and more people are starting to question such superstitions , Desai says . Many of my female friends and acquaintances tell me they do n't abide by their families ' old-fashioned conventions . One woman I recently met at a wedding says if she 's expressly barred from enter a temple when she 's on her period , `` I make it a point to go in . ''
Online , Azad 's # HappyToBleed tag has not only given rise to plenty of tongue-in-cheek posts but also stray discussions about menstrual cups and feminine hygiene .
Not everyone is on board with # HappyToBleed : Online commenters are calling Azad and her supporters names and telling them that if they want to defy traditions that are thousands of years old , they should `` go abroad . '' She notes that these assailants are overwhelmingly male .
Azad and some fellow activists are taking the Sabrimala temple issue to the Indian government 's National Commission for Women , to `` take a stand on menstrual taboos and discrimination across all religions . '' And she wants the commission to work toward something even bigger : free menstrual hygiene for all women .
Meanwhile , until that period-detecting machine is invented , a woman 's monthly cycle remains between her and her gods — except , of course , at Sabrimala .
Jason Statham has kicked so much onscreen ass in his fifteen-year film career that the British actor 's name is now synonymous with an entire sub-genre of action film . And in an interview on Monday , for his upcoming action thriller Homefront , which was scripted by his Expendables pal Sylvester Stallone , the martial arts master told us that he does not think stunt-heavy action flicks should be considered separately from the cinematic fare celebrated by critics and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences .
“ If you look at what the movie business is all about , ” Statham told us , “ it 's about people paying money to go and be entertained . It does n't matter what flavor [ of entertainment ] . Some people say , ‘ Oh that movie 's no good . ' Well it might not be good for you but a lot of people love this film . That 's what I think . Sometimes I think critics have to be a fan of the genre they 're reviewing to criticize fairly . It 's like having someone who 's only listened to rock music review a country album . It 's not going to be his flavor so he 's going to say it 's not good . ”
Increasingly over the past few years , Statham 's stunt-minded industry peers have been choreographing an offscreen battle with the Academy over whether their craft deserves Oscar recogition . Jack Gill , legendary stunt coordinator and long-time proponent of a stunt-related Oscar category , argued last year that their craft has both the artistic and scientific merit that Academy rules require for a category . When we asked Statham whether he agrees that his fellow stuntmen should be recognized by the voting body , he agreed .
“ I think it is an overlooked category , ” Statham told us , especially considering “ how much responsibility these coordinators have for some of the greatest entertainment in action movies . I mean , all of the stuntmen—these are the unsung heroes . They really are . Nobody is giving them any credibility . They 're risking their necks . And then you 've got poncy actors pretending like they 're doing [ the stunts ] . ”
“ For me , ” he continued , “ it 's a total injustice . They 're the ones getting busy . Then you have some guy standing in front of a fucking green screen screwing his face up pretending like he 's doing the stunt . To me , it 's like a farce . I have a real frustration with that because I know these coordinators . I train with them all the time and they are incredibly talented . ”
Check back next week for our full interview with Statham about Homefront , out in theaters November 27 . Until then , enjoy the trailer below .
Selling The Health Benefits Of Denver 's Tap Water — After Flint
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Cavities Get Around Courtesy of Cavities Get Around
The crisis of contaminated water in Flint , Mich. , is making a public health message like this one harder to get across : In most communities , the tap water is perfectly safe . And it is much healthier than sugary drinks .
That 's a message that Dr. Patty Braun , a pediatrician and oral health specialist at Denver Health , spends a lot of time talking to her patients about .
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Daley/CPR News John Daley/CPR News
`` Over half of kindergartners have cavities , '' Braun says , and the Latino kids she treats seem especially prone to tooth decay . She also notes that more than half of the Latino families she sees do n't drink tap water . And if the kids do n't drink tap water , she says , they do n't get the fluoride in it to protect their teeth .
Instead of tap water , many children gulp down sodas or juice — a double whammy that can mean more cavities and weight gain .
In some families , Braun says , a stigma against water from the faucet has been passed on through generations . And some recent immigrants , she says , hesitate to drink it based on prior experience with contaminated tap water in their native countries .
`` If you 're used to living in a place where you would normally not want to drink the water because it 's not safe , then that 's what you 're going to bring over to any other new setting , '' says Braun .
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Daley/CPR News John Daley/CPR News
Recently , the Delta Dental of Colorado Foundation partnered with a community group called Westwood Unidos in a campaign to let Latino communities in Colorado know the tap water is safe and clean . Denver Water , the state 's largest water provider , is onboard , too .
Once the water supplier realized some people were afraid the tap water was not safe , `` we felt a strong responsibility to go out and to communicate otherwise , '' says Jessica Mahaffey , a marketing specialist with the utility .
Last fall , for example , Mahaffey led a tour of Denver Water 's infrastructure for about 40 people from the largely Hispanic Westwood neighborhood . The group included community leaders , pastors , and educators .
Mahaffey showed the group the reservoir at Waterton Canyon , which is filled by melting mountain snow . She then took them to a water treatment plant , so they could see how that water is filtered and tested . `` Sometimes it 's much easier to show than it is to tell , '' she says .
Westwood resident Gaby Medina says that because of what she 's learned , she 's had a change of heart . Like a lot of her neighbors , she did n't trust the water when she came to U.S. from Mexico more than a decade ago .
`` Initially , yes , I was hesitant , '' Medina says , speaking through an interpreter . `` I did not realize the tap water was OK to drink . ''
But she says she started `` experimenting , '' trying the tap water . Then her dentist suggested she encourage her kids to drink it , saying it would be good for their teeth .
Now she 's an evangelist for the benefits of tap water . She spreads the message in schools and churches around her community as a promotora , a health educator , with the Cavities Get Around campaign . Being a part of it , `` makes me really proud , '' Medina says .
The advice to drink Denver 's tap water includes caveats . Some homes in the city that were built before the mid-1950s still have lead pipes , Denver Water acknowledges . The utility and Medina advise customers in these older homes to run tap water until it runs cold to flush any lead-containing water from pipes , and to always use cold water for drinking , cooking , and preparing baby formula .
Braun says people who have any doubts about the pipes in their homes should consult their local or state health departments .
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Daley/CPR News John Daley/CPR News
At Medina 's home in Westwood , she shows off a large water dispenser made of glass that she now brings to community events . She fills it with cold tap water , ice and slices of fruit . That water has now replaced the kind of sugary beverage that used to be served . Medina 's daughter , 10-year-old Andrea , brings a water bottle with a slice of citrus in it to school with her . And the idea is catching on with her friends .
`` My friends started taking them because it does n't have sugar , '' Andrea says , `` and water is , like , the most important thing of your body . ''
Andrea 's 11-year-old brother Greg says that since his mom started working on what he calls `` the water thing , '' he no longer worries about the tap water .
`` It comes fresh from the mountains and it 's also refreshing , '' says Greg . `` Now , I drink water more often than any other drink . ''
As a pediatrician , Braun hopes other kids will do the same — despite the news from Flint .
`` We hope that this does n't discourage people from drinking safe water from their tap . It 's tragic what 's happened in Flint , '' she says , `` but we want other communities to know that water [ from Denver 's taps ] is safe to drink . '
This story is part of NPR 's reporting partnership with Colorado Public Radio and Kaiser Health News .
Global Times , a national English-language daily in China , Tuesday published a strongly-worded editorial defending China 's position on the entry of India and other non-NPT countries into the Nuclear Suppliers Group ( NSG ) .
Advertising
Launching a harsh attack on Indian public and the country 's media , the editorial called India a ‘ spoiled ' and ‘ smug ' nation especially in international affairs .
The editorial claimed the rules of the NSG membership prevented India from becoming a member of the NSG and brushed away accusation that it tried to block India 's entry .
“ Since its foundation in 1975 , all NSG members shall be NPT signatories . This has become the primary principle of the organization . Now India wants to be the first exception to join the NSG without signing the NPT . It is morally legitimate for China and other members to upset India 's proposal in defense of principles , ” it said .
Advertising
Global Times , that publishes in both English and Chinese , is considered a media house with far-left leanings and a nationalist bias . It also has often echoed the views and opinions of the ruling Communist Party of China .
[ related-post ]
Watch Video : What 's making news
The editorial also had strong words for the US , which it said ‘ was not the whole world ' , and accused it of ‘ cozying up to India ' with the aim of containing China .
“ US backing adds the biggest impetus to India 's ambition…the US is not the whole world . Its endorsement does not mean India has won the backing of the world . This basic fact , however , has been ignored by India , ” it said .
“ Although the South Asian country 's GDP accounts for only 20 percent of that of China , it is still a golden boy in the eyes of the West , having a competitive edge and more potential compared to China . The international “ adulation ” of India makes the country a bit smug in international affairs , ” it talked about India .
The author ( anonymous as he/she is ) however had kinder words for the Indian government , saying it ‘ behaved decently ' in the midst of the controversy .
Finally lashing out at the nationalists in India and the public reaction to China blocking India 's NSG bid , the editorial said Indians need to learn to ‘ behave ' .
Advertising
“ Some Indians are too self-centered and self-righteous . On the contrary , the Indian government behaves decently and is willing to communicate . Throwing a tantrum wo n't be an option for New Delhi , ” it said .
DAGUPAN CITY , Philippines—Motorcycle-riding gunmen shot and killed six people within a span of 12 hours from Tuesday night ( Sept. 20 ) to Wednesday morning ( Sept. 21 ) .
Salvador Bulatao was shot dead at 9:40 p.m. on Tuesday in Barangay ( village ) Pogo Chico here , said Supt . Neil Miro , city police chief .
ADVERTISEMENT
Less than three hours later , Eddie Meneses was shot dead at 12:10 a.m. on Wednesday in Barangay Bonuan Binloc .
On the De Venecia highway , Ramil Jimenez was shot dead 12:20 a.m. , followed by Boyet Pangan at 12:30 a.m. , and Jimbo Callanta at 12:40 a.m .
Miro said the last shooting victim , Joseph Tuates was shot dead in Barangay Bonuan Tondaligan at 9 a.m .
Miro said that the victims were all on the drug watch lists of the police and their respective barangays .
RELATED STORIES
Drug suspect killed in Dagupan City
Gunmen kill 3 linked to drugs in Nueva Ecija
ADVERTISEMENT
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
As voters scrambled for new ways to raise their voices after Election Day , two Silicon Valley engineers introduced Resistbot — a tool that turns voters ' text messages into notes faxed directly to their members of Congress .
In the weeks after its March launch , Resistbot has spiked in popularity : Voters have sent roughly 800,000 pages ' worth of political opinions to their elected officials . And the flood of activity has come as its creators embark on an expansion , far beyond faxes to Capitol Hill .
Beginning this month , Resistbot users can share their views about health care , immigration , taxes or anything else not just with congressional lawmakers but also state governors and local newspapers , according to one of its founders , Jason Putorti , who spoke with Recode this week .
In the launch version of Resistbot , a concerned voter would text the word “ resist ” to a number , and the bot would reply by asking for a name and zip code . Using that information , the bot would determine one 's elected officials — and from there , a user could tap out a message , hit send , and their text would be transformed into a fax sent to their lawmaker 's offices .
Now , though , Resistbot users can also interact with the service through other platforms like Facebook Messenger and Amazon 's Alexa , and they can send notes to a wider variety of public officeholders . Those who continue using the app to contact policymakers will unlock the ability to take additional actions — from connecting with lawmakers ' offices by phone , to transforming their texts into old-fashioned , signed snail-mail letters .
For the tool 's creators — Putorti and Eric Ries , who started it as a side project — the congressional debate over health care reform offered one indication of voters ' heightened desire to be politically active . On March 24 , as the House of Representatives debated a Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act , Resistbot helped deliver more than 150,000 pages ' worth of faxes to lawmakers ' offices , its founders estimate .
Resistbot does n't tell its users how to vote , though Putorti estimates an overwhelming number of its users oppose Trump and support progressive causes . The app aims to begin informing its most active users — those who continue sending messages over a few days — when major votes or issues come before regulators so that they can take action .
Rocky Widner/Getty Images
Houston Rockets point guard Jeremy Lin is reportedly leaving Nike in favor of signing a shoe deal with rival sportswear company adidas .
According to Chris Haynes of CSN Northwest , citing an anonymous source , the announcement of the agreement between Lin and adidas is set to come on Friday .
Nike extended its contract with the then-New York Knicks guard in February 2012 `` in an effort to guard him from being stolen by rival companies , '' per Nina Mandell of the New York Daily News citing Beijing Business Today .
Lin was a hot commodity during his run of `` Linsanity '' with the Knicks . In 35 games played for New York in 2011-12 , he averaged 14.6 points , 6.2 assists and 3.1 rebounds per game .
His breakout campaign was highlighted by a seven-game win streak , during which he posted a 38-point , seven-assist , four-rebound effort against the Los Angeles Lakers .
Although the mystique of `` Linsanity '' has all but worn off now that Lin is playing in Houston , he 's actually playing far more efficient basketball for the Rockets . He 's averaging 14.1 points , 4.2 assists and 2.6 rebounds per game while shooting 48 percent from the field and 37 percent from three-point range ( both career highs ) .
The former Harvard standout has been overshadowed by James Harden and Dwight Howard this year , but his worldwide popularity has n't waned . In the second returns of 2014 NBA All-Star balloting , Lin ranked fourth among Western Conference guards with 358,725 votes ( trailing only Kobe Bryant , Chris Paul and Stephen Curry ) .
All in all , this is a great signing for adidas , as they 'll add one of the NBA 's most popular athletes .
Though the Obama administration previously signaled that it would continue the use of renditions , some civil liberties groups were disappointed because , as a presidential candidate , Mr. Obama had strongly suggested he might end the practice . In an article in Foreign Affairs in the summer of 2007 , Mr. Obama wrote , “ To build a better , freer world , we must first behave in ways that reflect the decency and aspirations of the American people . ”
Mr. Obama continued , “ This means ending the practices of shipping away prisoners in the dead of night to be tortured in far-off countries , of detaining thousands without charge or trial , of maintaining a network of secret prisons to jail people beyond the reach of the law. ” In January , the president ordered secret prisons run by the C.I.A . to be shut down .
The task force has proposed a more vigorous monitoring of the treatment of prisoners sent to other countries , but Ms. Singh said the usual method of such monitoring — visits from American or allied consular officials — had been ineffective . A Canadian consular official visited Mr. Arar several times , but the prisoner was too frightened to tell him about the torture , a Canadian investigation found .
The administration officials , who discussed the changes on condition that they not be identified , said that unlike the Bush administration , they would operate more openly and give the State Department a larger role in assuring that transferred detainees would not be abused .
Photo
“ The emphasis will be on ensuring that individuals will not face torture if they are sent overseas , ” said one administration official , adding that no detainees would be sent to countries known to conduct abusive interrogations .
Rendition began to be used regularly under President Bill Clinton and its use expanded rapidly under President Bush after the terrorist attacks in September 2001 . American intelligence agencies often appeared to send detainees to other countries to avoid the legal complications of bringing them to the United States .
Some human rights advocates said they thought the Obama administration was maintaining the rendition program out of fear that its elimination would force the government to accept additional detainees on American soil and threaten Mr. Obama 's pledge to close the detention center at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , by January .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
The task force that recommended the modified transfer policy was set up in January to study changes in rendition and interrogation policies under an executive order signed by President Obama .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Another recommendation approved by Mr. Obama was a proposal to establish a multiagency interrogation unit within the Federal Bureau of Investigation , to oversee the interrogations of top terrorism suspects using largely noncoercive techniques approved by the administration earlier this year .
The creation of the new unit will formally strip the C.I.A . of its primary role in questioning high-level detainees , but agency officials said they would continue to play a substantial role .
“ The C.I.A . took active part in the work of the task force , and the agency 's strong counterterrorism knowledge will be key to the conduct of future debriefings , ” said Paul Gimigliano , a C.I.A . spokesman . “ That wo n't change . ”
The new unit , to be called the High Value Interrogation Group , will be made up of analysts , linguists and other personnel from the C.I.A . and other intelligence and law enforcement agencies . It will operate under policies set by the National Security Council .
The officials said all interrogations would comply with guidelines contained in the Army Field Manual , which outlaws the use of physical force . The group will study interrogation methods , however , and may add additional noncoercive methods in the future , the officials said .
Tom Malinowski of Human Rights Watch said the new interrogation policy represented a significant step toward more humane treatment , though he expressed dismay that administration officials failed to impose stricter limits on rendition .
But he praised the Obama administration 's overall approach to difficult counterterrorism issues , saying the government had adopted “ some of the most transparent rules against abuse of any democratic country . ”
Scientists working on animal cognition often dwell on their desire to talk to the animals . Oddly enough , this particular desire must have passed me by , because I have never felt it . I am not waiting to hear what my animals have to say about themselves , taking the rather Wittgensteinian position that their message might not be all that enlightening . Even with respect to my fellow humans , I am dubious that language tells us what is going on in their heads . I am surrounded by colleagues who study members of our species by presenting them with questionnaires . They trust the answers they receive and have ways , they assure me , of checking their veracity . But who says that what people say about themselves reveals actual emotions and motivations ?
This might be true for simple attitudes free from moralisations ( ‘ What is your favourite music ? ' ) , but it seems almost pointless to ask people about their love life , eating habits , or treatment of others ( ‘ Are you pleasant to work with ? ' ) . It is far too easy to invent post-hoc reasons for one 's behaviour , to be silent about one 's sexual habits , to downplay excessive eating or drinking , or to present oneself as more admirable than one really is .
No one is going to admit to murderous thoughts , stinginess or being a jerk . People lie all the time , so why would they stop in front of a psychologist who writes down everything they say ? In one study , female college students reported more sex partners when they were hooked up to a fake lie-detector machine , demonstrating that they had been lying when interviewed without the lie-detector . I am in fact relieved to work with subjects that do n't talk . I do n't need to worry about the truth of their utterances . Instead of asking them how often they engage in sex , I just count the occasions . I am perfectly happy being an animal watcher .
Now that I think of it , my distrust of language goes even deeper , because I am also unconvinced of its role in the thinking process . I am not sure that I think in words , and I never seem to hear any inner voices . This caused a bit of an embarrassment once at a meeting about the evolution of conscience , when fellow scholars kept referring to an inner voice that tells us what is right and wrong . I am sorry , I said , but I never hear such voices .
Am I a man without a conscience , or do I – as the American animal expert Temple Grandin once said about herself – think in pictures ? Moreover , which language are we talking about ? Speaking two languages at home and a third one at work , my thinking must be awfully muddled . Yet I have never noticed any effect , despite the widespread assumption that language is at the root of human thought . In his 1972 presidential address to the American Philosophical Association , tellingly entitled ‘ Thoughtless Brutes ' , the American philosopher Norman Malcolm stated that ‘ the relationship between language and thought must be… so close that it is really senseless to conjecture that people may not have thoughts , and also senseless to conjecture that animals may have thoughts ' .
Since we routinely express ideas and feelings in language , we can be forgiven for assigning a role to it , but is n't it remarkable how often we struggle to find our words ? It 's not that we do n't know what we thought or felt , but we just ca n't put our verbal finger on it . This would of course be wholly unnecessary if thoughts and feelings were linguistic products to begin with . In that case , we 'd expect a waterfall of words !
It is now widely accepted that , even though language assists human thinking by providing categories and concepts , it is not the stuff of thought . We do n't actually need language in order to think . The Swiss pioneer of cognitive development , Jean Piaget , most certainly was not ready to deny thought to preverbal children , which is why he declared cognition to be independent of language . With animals , the situation is similar . As the chief architect of the modern concept of mind , the American philosopher Jerry Fodor , put it in The Language of Thought ( 1975 ) : ‘ The obvious ( and I should have thought sufficient ) refutation of the claim that natural languages are the medium of thought is that there are non-verbal organisms that think . '
You wo n't often hear me say something like this , but I consider humans the only linguistic species . We honestly have no evidence for symbolic communication , equally rich and multifunctional as ours , outside our species . Language parallels between our species and others have been called a ‘ red herring ' . But as with so many larger human phenomena , once we break it down into smaller pieces , some of these pieces can be found elsewhere . It is a procedure I have applied myself in my popular books about primate politics , culture , even morality . Critical pieces such as power alliances ( politics ) and the spreading of habits ( culture ) , as well as empathy and fairness ( morality ) , are detectable outside our species . The same holds for capacities underlying language .
Honeybees accurately signal distant nectar locations to the hive , and monkeys might utter calls in predictable sequences that resemble rudimentary syntax . The most intriguing parallel is perhaps referential signalling . Vervet monkeys on the plains of Kenya have distinct alarm calls for a leopard , an eagle or a snake . These predator-specific calls constitute a life-saving communication system , because different dangers demand different responses . For example , the right response to a snake alarm is to stand upright in the tall grass and look around , which would be suicidal if a leopard lurks in the grass . Instead of having special calls , some other monkey species combine the same calls in different ways under different circumstances . You would n't call it language , but it unquestionably carries rich meaning .
Hand gestures among other primates are especially noteworthy , since in the apes they are under voluntary control and often learned . Apes move and wave their hands all the time while communicating , and they have an impressive repertoire of specific gestures such as stretching out an open hand to beg for something , or moving a whole arm over another as a sign of dominance . We share this behaviour with them and only them : monkeys have virtually no such gestures . The manual signals of apes are intentional , highly flexible and used to refine the message of communication . When a chimp holds out his hand to a friend who is eating , he is asking for a share , but when the same chimp is under attack and holds out his hand to a bystander , he is asking for protection . He might even point out his opponent by making angry slapping gestures in his direction . But although gestures are more context-dependent than other signals and greatly enrich communication , comparisons with human language remain a stretch .
There is a notable irony here . In an earlier age , the absence of language was used as an argument against the existence of thought in other species . Today I find myself upholding the position that the manifest reality of thinking by nonlinguistic creatures argues against the importance of language .
Reprinted from Are We Smart Enough to Know How Smart Animals Are ? by Frans de Waal . Copyright© 2016 by Frans de Waal . With permission of the publisher , W.W. Norton & Company , Inc. All rights reserved .
This selection may not be reproduced , stored in a retrieval system , or transmitted in any form by any means without the prior written permission of the publisher .
Video ( 02:32 ) : The Wild will head to Colorado to face off against a beaten up Avs team in round one of the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs .
The Colorado Avalanche and Wild have returned to their identities of yesteryear .
Back when Patrick Roy was backstopping the Avs to two Stanley Cups , they were an explosive , in-your-face , intimidating juggernaut .
When the Hall of Famer became the team 's rookie coach last summer , Roy said he wanted to take advantage of the team 's impressive speed and skill by getting back to playing the way the Avalanche did once upon a time .
Similarly , when Hall of Fame coach Jacques Lemaire guided the Wild for seven seasons , Minnesota was one of the stingiest , most disciplined teams in the NHL . That was especially highlighted when the Wild upset Roy and Colorado in the 2003 playoffs en route to a shocking run to the Western Conference finals .
Mike Yeo has made defense the Wild 's bread and butter once again . Thursday night , when first round of the playoffs open between the Avalanche and Wild , it will be a battle of the West 's third-best offense vs. fourth-best defense .
“ That 's probably the biggest test for us , ” Yeo said . “ The style of the two teams is not the same . Are we going to go out and control the game and play it in the manner that we want to play it or are we lured into the way they want to play the game ? ”
Video ( 02:29 ) : Wild players take confidence into the playoffs Video ( 02:29 ) : Wild players take confidence into the playoffs
The Central Division champion Avalanche , which finished 29th in the NHL last year , became the first team since the league expanded to 21 teams in 1979 to go from the bottom three to the top three in a single season .
A giant reason is Colorado 's depth up front . From dynamic 18-year-old Nathan MacKinnon , the No . 1 pick in the 2013 draft , to captain Gabriel Landeskog to two-way horse Ryan O'Reilly , the Avalanche salivate during frenetic games .
The Avalanche will try its best to cajole the Wild into that up-and-down , trade chance-for-chance game . The Wild is n't skilled or fast enough to get into a track meet . Yeo wants the Wild to avoid high-risk plays and manage the puck well .
“ No turnovers , ” Zach Parise answered when asked the biggest key to beating Colorado . “ You say that about a lot of teams , but especially these guys . They 're probably one of the best transition teams . Their group of forwards , [ there 's ] some unbelievable skill that they 've got up front .
“ You never want to give them any free chances , free opportunities . ”
Forechecking plan
The Wild must limit turnovers at both blue lines , get pucks deep and put the Avalanche 's young and inexperienced defensemen in , as Parise said , “ uncomfortable spots . ”
“ When we do that , we 're a pretty good team , ” Parise said . “ When we do n't do that , when we do n't skate , we allow the other team to come through us pretty easily . ”
One line that Yeo hopes helps the Wild dictate its game is the Matt Cooke-Kyle Brodziak-Nino Niederreiter line . Not only will that trio be asked to shut down Colorado 's more prolific forwards ( especially when Yeo can get preferred matchups at home ) , it will be asked to set the tone on the forecheck .
That line has had strong games in Colorado this season .
“ When we 're talking about the grind of a playoff series , we want to make sure that every opportunity there is to finish a check , to make it hard on their skilled guys , on their defensemen , to let them know that we 're coming , those guys are going to have to be leaders in that regard , ” Yeo said . “ Plus , they have the ability to create and be strong in the offensive zone .
“ We need them to be a tough line to play against . ”
Production issues
Scoring goals always is a chore for the Wild , and that was especially true in last year 's playoffs when the Wild scored seven times in five games vs. eventual champion Chicago .
“ Last year , we just did n't have the puck . Let 's be honest . We never had the puck , ” Parise said . “ It 's tough to score when you 're chasing it all game . ”
But Parise added , “ We have more proven scorers on the roster than we did last year . ”
Colorado Avalanche 's Nathan MacKinnon ( 29 ) , second from left , hugs Maxime Talbot , third from left , after he scored during the second period of an NHL hockey game on Thursday , Jan. 30 , 2014 in Denver . Minnesota Wild goalie Darcy Kuemper , left , and Ryan Suter , right , react in the background . ( AP Photo/Barry Gutierrez )
Skilled playmaker Mikael Granlund is expected to return from a head injury and make his playoff debut between veteran scorers Matt Moulson and Jason Pominville . The Parise-Mikko Koivu-Charlie Coyle line was terrific down the stretch .
The one area where the Wild has the edge is playoff experience .
Judging by Colorado 's lineup in at least Tuesday 's practice , seven forwards and five defensemen might make their playoff debuts Thursday night .
“ Whenever you do something , the more you do it , the more comfortable you feel , just like driving your car or riding a bike , ” said Wild defenseman Ryan Suter , who has played 44 playoff games . “ The more you do it , the better you get at it . ”
“ The power of fun to make an impact is incredibly underappreciated , ” said Kirkland House resident Laura D'Asaro '13 as she reflected on her latest offbeat , record-setting achievement : building the world 's largest cardboard box fort in the MAC Quad on Harvard 's campus .
The idea for the temporary fort came to D'Asaro during her sophomore year when she saw how many cardboard boxes went to waste after the annual student move-in . She brainstormed the idea of the box fort as a creative way to highlight the serious issue of waste .
What does it take to build the largest cardboard box fort ? Try 1,081 boxes , more than 100 students , and six hours . At the end of the day , the fort measured almost 8 feet high , 77 feet at its widest point , and came in at 150 boxes more than the old record held by the University of Nevada , Las Vegas .
D'Asaro and her fellow Kirkland residents had broken the record last year with a 566-box fort . However , later in the year both Brigham Young University and the University of Nevada , Las Vegas , broke the record , prompting D'Asaro to try again . Students sought to expand the effort schoolwide this time around by partnering with custodians and Harvard Recycling , and reaching out to students in all of Harvard 's undergraduate housing to collect enough boxes to build the biggest fort .
“ When students and custodians had an opportunity to participate in setting a world record , it was one more reason to save boxes from being wasted , ” said Rob Gogan , manager of recycling and waste services at Harvard Campus Services . “ It was fun to watch the pride with which students who had donated boxes pointed out to their friends where their boxes fit in the overall fort . I hope we can mobilize another student to pick up the torch next fall after Laura graduates . ”
On Sunday at 10 a.m. , D'Asaro began by standing “ in a sea of boxes and wondering what I had gotten myself into. ” Eventually , more students began arriving and two groups were organized to build the fort : an assembly committee to put the boxes together and a construction committee to build the fort . A labeler wrote numbers on each box so the group could keep track of how many boxes were used , and the event was filmed for verification . The students will submit the video , photos , and other details to RecordSetter , a website that tracks world records ( recordsetter.com ) . They expect to have the record verified quickly .
There was no particular approach to building the fort , leading some students to add their own unique architectural features , including rooms , pyramids , and turrets . Cheering ensued at every 100-box milestone . And once the fort was constructed , a few students enjoyed dinner in their new creation before breaking the boxes down for reuse .
“ I daydream about doing things differently and look for creative ways to make a difference , ” D'Asaro said . “ Making this a schoolwide event brought people together who would n't normally meet , ” she said , adding that she 's thinking of new ideas for the coming year , including a project focused on Earth Day .
Breaking unusual records is nothing new to D'Asaro , who as high school junior broke the world record for speed-crawling a mile . As part of that crawl ( which took 22 minutes and 4 seconds ) , she raised more than $ 5,000 for the American Cancer Society . The lesson that individuals can make a difference first came at 15 when D'Asaro raised $ 13,500 to rebuild a local playground by selling lemonade and cookies .
The box fort effort also goes to show , through a whimsical example , how deep Harvard 's commitment to sustainability runs . After taking apart the fort , volunteers from the Environmental Action Committee ( EAC ) planned to flatten and re-cover the boxes for sale at May 's move-out period , helping to reduce waste . Last spring , the EAC raised more than $ 1,000 through sales of used boxes .
“ Collecting supplies for the box sale is a huge group effort that takes weeks , if not months , of planning , ” said student Kristen Wraith , EAC board official . “ With Rob and Laura 's help , we were able to get more than enough boxes for our sale in a matter of hours . This will be a huge help next semester and will allow us to focus our efforts on our different campaigns . The EAC 's timeline is always tight in the spring , and now it 's as it we 've been gifted weeks of newfound time . ”
In one hopelessly naive early column this season , I suggested that Tottenham 's good start under Mauricio Pochettino had created a positive attitude at White Hart Lane .
I should have known better . Scratch the surface of any smiling Spurs fan and a frown and furrowed brow will appear . If Champions League places were given for moaning , then Tottenham Hotspur 's supporters would comfortably make the top four every season .
This was demonstrated during last weekend 's defeat against Liverpool . It became clear early on in the game that the visitors to White Hart Lane were likely to be the stronger side , as they out-pressed Spurs and attacked with frightening pace . Some would say that this should have not come as a surprise to anyone , considering that Liverpool finished as Premier League runners-up last season .
The manner of the 3-0 defeat was , of course , disappointing and conceding two soft second-half goals smacked of Tottenham 's infuriating tendency to self-destruct , yet the negativity that spread from the crowd was suffocating -- even in the first half when there was still all to play for .
Every loss of possession was met by a groan that failed to acknowledge that Liverpool gave Spurs no time on the ball at all . Last season was bad enough that the crowd can be forgiven somewhat for momentarily falling into old habits , but surely the new manager deserves the benefit of the doubt and the support of the crowd when times are tough ?
If moaning is in every Tottenham fan 's DNA , then picking on individuals sometimes seems like their raison d'être . Danny Rose was blamed for everything on Sunday , seemingly from the state of the UK economy to global warming , despite the fact that it was his opposite full-back Eric Dier who gave away a penalty and found himself out of position for the third Liverpool goal .
At one point Rose was fed a woefully short pass that he did well to even reach . A Liverpool defender tackled him and the ball came off left-back for a goal-kick . All around me , the Rose haters were apoplectic with fury , blind to the reality of the situation , so eager were they to take their frustrations out on Spurs ' scapegoat .
Rose recently signed a new Tottenham contarct but struggled vs. Liverpool .
I 'm not trying to claim that Rose is a good defender or that he had a decent game . Neither is true , but he was n't the worst Tottenham player against Liverpool and his performances wo n't be helped by being blamed any time that something goes wrong .
If it 's not Rose who is being moaned at , it 's the club chairman , Daniel Levy . On Monday the transfer window slammed shut without Spurs making their once customary swoop for a last-minute purchase . Having already signed five players this summer , this was no disaster , but you would n't know it if you were frequenting the supporter message boards or Twitter .
Last summer 's frenetic transfer activity , when seven new faces arrived in July and August , was widely used as a reason for the side 's failures , yet this was all forgotten as fans yearned for fresh hope in the form of expensive signings .
Another attacking player , to give extra options on the left of attack and as a lone striker , would be useful and the club were reportedly interested in signing Jay Rodriguez and/or Danny Welbeck . They failed to get either but does anyone seriously think that they would have miraculously changed the path of Tottenham 's campaign ?
Last season 's top four and Manchester United all bought players that are out of Spurs ' current grasp . Should the club bankrupt themselves trying to compete , at a time when they ca n't offer Champions League football or a crack at the title ?
- Lamela wants to impose himself
- Crace : Tottenham transfer assessment
There is a new stadium to be paid for that will cost vast sums of money . It may be frustrating and boring , but in a league where success is nigh on impossible without major expenditure , all Tottenham fans can do is being patient .
The same goes for the club 's owners . Levy has created a lot of ill-will by constantly chopping and changing managers , who are somehow supposed to over-achieve every single season . These unrealistic expectations filter through to the supporters .
So sit tight and look forward to a season where in all probability , Spurs will finish sixth for the second season in a row . A cup run will be a welcome bonus but an improvement in the aesthetic standard of football is the main requirement .
They say it 's the hope that kills you . At a time when Tottenham do n't have much hope of troubling England 's elite , be realistic , stop the moaning and you might even enjoy yourselves .
Dan Fitch is the founder of TottenhamBlog and writes about Spurs for ESPN FC and football for Bleacher Report . You can follow Dan on Twitter @ DJFitch .
Miscreants can remotely turn off and on posh Aga ovens via unauthenticated text messages , security researchers have warned .
All the hijackers need is the phone numbers of the appliances .
The vulnerable iTotal Control models of the upmarket cookers contain a SIM card and radio tech that connects to mobile phone networks . This allows the Brit-built roasters to receive texted commands : these messages can be sent directly to appliances from phones , or via an app or Aga 's website , from anywhere in the world .
This means you can order your fancy baking oven to heat up before you leave from work , for instance . According to UK IT security consultants Pen Test Partners ( PTP ) , this feature can be hijacked by villains to meddle with the slow cookers without the owners ' permission .
The iTotal Control ovens pick up messages using a Tekelek-branded comms module and a GSM SIM card from UK cellular network EE – which costs £6 ( $ 7.50 ) a month to keep active . Controlling an Aga by text is a rather odd approach because many of the hefty ovens are out in the sticks without decent cellular reception . The design was implemented by an Irish outfit called Action Point .
Rather than using an SMS-based remote-control system , Aga should have used a secure Wi-Fi-enabled module , according to PTP , which criticized the appliance manufacturer 's `` bizarre unauthenticated text messaging process . ''
`` Aga 's choice of mobile comms costs customers more than £70 extra per year and does n't help customers in poor mobile reception areas , '' PTP 's Ken Munro noted in an advisory shared with The Register earlier this week . `` A Wi-Fi module done right , with a conventional mobile app and API , is unlikely to have cost them much more to develop . ''
To control someone 's Aga , you need the phone number associated with the roaster 's SIM card , we 're told . The control system makes no attempt to authenticate whoever sent the command texts . This shortcoming clears the way for all sorts of mischief : these electric-powered machines can draw 30 amps tops , so you could run up a small chunk of change on a victim 's power bill as well as wasting energy while they are away – or ruining dinner by switching the thing off .
Aga 's `` register my cooker '' webpage generates a different error message depending on whether or not if you enter a number that 's previously recognized as one assigned to an iTotal Control cooker . You can exploit this and a similar shortcoming that enumerates owners by their email addresses to , over time by brute force , build up a list of known Aga mobile phone numbers .
With these digits , you can start taking over strangers ' ovens from the other side of the world . It 's not , admittedly , a gigantic security risk – brute-forcing the list will be time consuming , for one thing – but the situation could have been avoided entirely .
`` All you have to do is simply send a text message to the Aga . No authentication . Turn other people 's Agas off , '' Munro told us . `` We did n't , but it would be trivial for less-ethical culinary threat actors to do so . ''
The format of the comma-separated command messages is simple , it seems : a string followed by a sequence number and then the order , e.g .
WebtextPass,35257 , Baking Oven On
The official mobile app and Aga 's website also use unencrypted HTTP , with no option for HTTPS , which leaves customer information open to eavesdropping on the 'net . For what it 's worth , the app talks to the website 's backend via an API , which sends the text messages to registered ovens .
Headaches
PTP had all sorts of problems in getting in touch with Aga to report the design flaws , prior to publishing its findings on Thursday . The oven maker 's representatives initially told the consultants that `` we 've had no reports of customers having their Agas hacked '' – a response that rather missed the point .
Following proddings from El Reg , Aga 's PR folks told us the oven maker is confident its IoT partners have the issue in hand :
Aga Rangemaster operates its Aga TC [ Total Control ] phone app via a third-party service provider . Security and account registration also involves our M2M [ machine-to-machine ] provider . We take such issues seriously and have raised them immediately with our service providers so that we can answer in detail the points raised .
PTP told Aga it ought to take down the www.Agatc.co.uk website and address the weaknesses it had identified . El Reg asked Aga if it will take this advice , and we 've yet to get a substantive response .
Aga owners should note : this issue affects you only if you have the latest Total Control cooker and bought the remote control option .
The issues discovered by PTP in Aga 's ovens add to a growing list of kitchen-related IoT security failings – from insecure kettles to pwnable industrial dishwashers used in hospitals and restaurants . Now you can add smart home ovens to the pile . ®
A first for a Call of Duty game in the franchise since COD4 : Modern Warfare 1 , Call of Duty : Ghosts ' rating in the UK has dropped from PEGI 18 to now become PEGI 16 . The official Call of Duty UK site for Ghosts has added a logo at the bottom of the site of PEGI 16 , and most retailers in the UK have changed the box arts for Ghosts to show the PEGI 16 logo .
Here 's the box art for the Xbox One from Amazon UK ; GAME UK also changed the rating to PEGI 16 .
This news of the PEGI 16 rating follows Activision 's announcement that Call of Duty : Ghosts will be playable in the 16+ area at EuroGamer EXPO , which was a shock to all .
SOURCE : Call of Duty site , Amazon UK , GAME UK
Bagieu narrates Elliot 's early life chronologically , from alternating points of view : of Ellen 's little sister , her singing teacher , her best friend , her bandmates . A brilliantly affecting chapter is told by Ellen 's adorable , if somewhat Jewishly stereotyped father , Phillip . Phillip is 42 years old and very recently dead . From beyond the grave , he watches Ellen attend his funeral , come home , undress , put his overcoat over her naked body , smoke a joint and curl up in her childhood bed . It 's the tenderest depiction of grief . Phillip is Ellen 's biggest ally , a person who taught her to love music . “ That 's how she is , my Ellen , ” he says . “ She 's untamed. ” Here , “ untamed ” is unambiguously a compliment .
The only person who loves Elliot more than her own father is Pénélope Bagieu . Her drawings are suffused with delight , like when she shows Ellen 's first singing lesson with her teacher , Shirley . “ She had this kind of bulky body that she did n't know what to do with , ” Shirley says . “ And then . All of a sudden . There was n't a body anymore . There was only that presence . And that voice . That voice ! ” The sequence concludes with a full-page drawing of the stunned Shirley staring at the huge teenager in front of her , who 'd just finished a song , and now stands splay-legged , grinning and half-bowing .
Bagieu 's medium is graphite , and she uses its entire range of possibilities : from looping lines to richly built-up shadows that allow for lyrical depictions of snow , moonlight , cigarette smoke . Exuberance and sadness coexist in her drawing style , as they coexist in the character of Cass Elliot — whose every moment of joy and perseverance seems to overlay deep loneliness and vulnerability .
Bagieu is a deft and generous storyteller . She is funny , but she also brings an emotionally unflinching French sensibility to writing about relationships . The book ends in the mid-1960s , as the Mamas and the Papas achieve fame , and a 24-year-old Cass is finally accepted as a true member of the group . Yet the highly dramatic final chapter also makes it clear that it 's also the beginning of their end .
I have no idea how close Bagieu 's reimagining is to the real events of Elliot 's life , or if the Mamas and the Papas nerds would argue with her interpretation . All I know is that it made me fall in love with Bagieu 's Elliot , an irrepressible woman who persisted in a hostile world .
Image Outlining thoughts : From “ Imagine Wanting Only This . ”
IMAGINE WANTING ONLY THIS
By Kristen Radtke
278 pp . Pantheon Books . $ 29.95 .
Kristen Radtke 's memoir , “ Imagine Wanting Only This , ” tells a story of the young writer 's growing fascination with ruins and abandoned places , as she attempts to come to terms with death . Radtke may or may not have the heart condition that caused the early death of her uncle , and , as she travels to ruined sites , she explores the metaphoric link between deteriorating human hearts and collapsing buildings .
It 's futile to describe a book by recounting its plot , and this is especially true in this case . Radtke is , first and foremost , a superhuman of illustration , a grandmaster like Adrian Tomine or Chris Ware . Her photo-based , exquisitely executed drawings appear more realistic and seductive than photographs could ever hope to be . Close-ups of hands and faces alternate with expansive landscapes painted in delicate shades of gray , a ray from a flashlight pierces the night , birds swoop up into the sky in silhouette , a ceiling fan morphs into an airplane in the eyes of an insomniac . Not a line is out of place in these drawings , as they depict contemporary reality with uncanny precision . Photographs and films play an important role in the book , and when Radtke uses sequences of subtly changing images to draw time , the sensory experience of “ Imagine Wanting Only This ” becomes almost cinematic .
Dick Kazmaier , a Princeton halfback who won the Heisman Trophy in 1951 as the nation 's outstanding college football player , but who rejected a career in the National Football League , saying he had achieved all he wanted in the sport and could make more money in business , died on Thursday in Boston . He was 82 .
The cause was heart and lung disease , said Bob Ruxin , the president of Kazmaier Associates , an investment and financial consulting business with a special interest in sports .
Kazmaier , the last Ivy Leaguer to win the Heisman , an athlete who won varsity letters in five sports in high school and graduated second in his class , went from Princeton to graduate school at Harvard and a rewarding , lucrative career . He was chairman of the President 's Council on Physical Fitness under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush and president of the National Football Foundation and Hall of Fame .
But he is best remembered for exploits on the football field that almost surely would have continued in the professional game if he had chosen that path .
Being publicly-funded gives us a greater chance to continue providing you with high quality content . Please support us !
A friendship that can brave a Michigan winter is quite the warm and loving one .
When Michigan Humane Society rescue driver , Chris Ouwerkerk , received a call that a puppy had been left out in the rain near an abandoned house , he went to the scene quickly — as he usually does — but what he found was anything but usual .
Advertisement
He called to the puppy , and the little one ran out to the street from his hiding space in between two trashcans . But when he picked the puppy up , he heard frantic meowing . If he could 've translated it , the kitten probably would 've been saying “ Hey , do n't you take my cuddle buddy ! ”
Ouwerkerk found the kitten hidden between the two trashcans and figured that he had been snuggling with the puppy to stay warm and protected from the wind and rain .
Now , the puppy , Camarin , and Tomas , the kitten , can resume their friendship out of the scary winter winds . They 've continued to snuggle and show affection for each other at the animal shelter , and it 's clear that it will take more than a bad storm to break their bond .
Advertisement
A federal judge in Los Angeles has decided that the copyright lawsuit over the pendingfan filmshould move forward . For now , a civil trial is set to begin on January 31 , 2017 .
Earlier this week , US District Judge Robert G. Klausner rejected the motion for summary judgment filed by the plaintiffs , Paramount and CBS . He also rejected a motion filed by the defendants , Axanar Productions . The judge was unpersuaded by Axanar Productions ' arguments that it was entitled to the fair use exception .
The legal battle began in late 2015 , when the two entertainment giants sued a group of filmmakers who had released an unlicensed and unauthorized short 20-minute trailer a year earlier .
In that trailer , dubbed Prelude to Axanar , a group of Federation , Vulcan , and Klingon officers speak in documentary-like interviews about the Four Years War between the Federation and the Klingons . The short film features a number of actors who have performed in previous Star Trek works , including J.G . Hertzler , now in the new role of Admiral Samuel Travis , and Gary Graham , who reprised his role as Vulcan Ambassador Soval . The Four Years ' War , which was briefly discussed but never actually portrayed in any of the Star Trek series , is set before the beginning of The Original Series .
Axanar Productions raised over $ 1.1 million on Kickstarter and Indiegogo , and it was expected to release a full-length film in 2016 before it got derailed by the lawsuit .
In May 2016 , the director of the new set of Star Trek films , J.J. Abrams , indicated that the lawsuit would `` be going away , '' but that still has n't happened . A month later , as a result of the ongoing legal battle , Paramount and CBS released a set of guidelines that would allow fan films to proceed without getting sued . ( Axanar would violate those rules . )
To boldly go
In his Tuesday order , Judge Klausner made it very clear that he has at least some working knowledge of Star Trek . As he wrote :
Here , there is no dispute that Plaintiffs have ownership of copyrights to the Star Trek Copyrighted Works , and that Defendants have access to these Works . Thus , the copyright infringement claim can live long and prosper if the Axanar Works are substantially similar to the Star Trek Copyrighted Works .
The court found that there was an `` objective substantial similarity '' between the Axanar film and the copyrighted Star Trek works . The question of `` subjective substantial similarity '' would now be left to a jury to determine . As the judge continued :
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on . But for substantial similarity , the law demands more . `` The extrinsic test considers whether two works share a [ substantial ] similarity of ideas and expression as measured by external , objective criteria '' – in a Vulcan-like manner .
In additional court filings submitted on Wednesday , CBS , Paramount , and Axanar Productions all put forward their list of witnesses . CBS said it would put John Van Citters , an executive who has worked with Paramount and CBS onfor nearly 20 years , on the stand .
Van Citters , according to the plaintiffs ' attorneys , `` knows the canon of Star Trek intimately as well as the history and personnel involved in the production of Star Trek in order to be able to efficiently assess whether or not material CBS is presenting to the public is accurate and fits with existing canon . ''
Axanar Productions , for its part , will counter with Christian Tregillis , a financial consultant who will `` rebut Plaintiffs ' theory of lost profits that they claim resulted from Defendants ' alleged infringement , i.e. , that funds donated to making of Defendants ' works have resulted in lost revenue or profits to Plaintiffs , '' according to its own filing .
The film company will also offer up Henry Jenkins , a professor of media studies at the University of Southern California , who is an expert on Star Trek 's historical relationship between its creators and its fans .
All sides are set to meet before the judge for a pretrial conference on January 9 , 2017 at 10:00am at the federal courthouse in downtown Los Angeles .
A heat wave is expected to wash over the Inland area – and beyond – this week , bringing triple-digit temperatures and a warning from the state 's workplace safety organization .
While no records were broken Tuesday , Riverside reached 94 degrees and Ontario hit 92 .
Temperatures are expected to climb each day and peak this weekend – highs of 100 to 107 are forecast for the Inland valleys on Saturday – before ticking back down . A high of 104 is expected Tuesday .
And it 's expected to be even hotter in the San Gorgonio Pass and the Coachella Valley , where a heat advisory has been issued until 7 p.m. Sunday .
Temperatures are expected to reach 108 to 118 degrees .
An excessive heat warning was also issued for a wide swath of desert , from the Salton Sea , into Imperial County and east into the Phoenix area .
The warning lasts until 8 p.m. Monday , and calls for afternoon highs ranging from 110 to 115 degrees – and very little relief overnight . Lows will dip only into the 80s , the National Weather Service says .
The Coachella Valley , where the heat advisory was issued , wo n't fare much better . Forecast lows there will drop to 77 degrees .
Palm Springs on Monday was a precursor to how hot it can get : the city 's lowest temperature – 81 degrees – was the highest low temperature on record . The previous record was 80 degrees in 1961 , data show .
The high temperatures have prompted a safety warning from Cal/OSHA , which protects workers from hazards on the job .
“ During times of sustained high heat , it is especially important that employers take the necessary steps to prevent heat illness for their outdoor workers , ” said Christine Baker , director of the Department of Industrial Relations . Cal/OSHA is a division within DIR .
—
Cool centers will be open all over the Inland Valley .
Riverside County residents can find a cool center by visiting rivcohealthdata.org and clicking on Cool Centers in the center of the page .
San Bernardino County residents can visit 211sb.org and type in “ Cooling centers ” in the search box .
The Weather Service offers some tips on dealing with the heat .
Minimize strenuous activities during the heat of the day Wear light , loose clothing
Stay in an air conditioned environment as much as possible
Eat light , easily digested food and stay hydrated with cool non-caffeinated , non-alcoholic beverages
Take a cool bath or shower Never leave a child unattended in a vehicle and make sure they ca n't reach the keys so they do n't accidentally lock themselves in
Contact the writer : psurowski @ pe.com , 951-368-9567 , follow him on Twitter at @ PeterSurowski and like him on Facebook .
A former Secret Service agent will plead guilty to charges connected with the theft of electronic currency during a high-profile investigation into online drug bazaar Silk Road , federal prosecutors said .
Shaun Bridges of Laurel , Maryland , was charged in March with stealing $ 820,000 worth of bitcoin after authorities said he obtained passwords to the multimillion-dollar marketplace for illegal drugs and other contraband .
`` Mr. Bridges accepts complete responsibility , '' his lawyer Steve Levin said Thursday . `` He 's regretted his action from the start . ''
Levin declined to discuss the details of the plea agreement , which has not yet been filed with the court . Levin also declined to discuss what type of sentence Bridges is expecting .
Bridges is expected to formally plead guilty later this year to money laundering and obstruction charges , federal prosecutors said in a court document filed Wednesday .
Bridges was a computer forensic expert who helped arrest a Silk Road worker who controlled the website 's passwords .
Fmr . Federal agents from Md . charged with Bitcoin money laundering , wire fraud . Bridges resigned abruptly from the Secret Service earlier this month ; Force also resigned from the DEA . Fmr . Federal agents from Md . charged with Bitcoin money laundering , wire fraud . Bridges resigned abruptly from the Secret Service earlier this month ; Force also resigned from the DEA . SEE MORE VIDEOS
Separately , former Drug Enforcement Administration agent Carl M. Force is charged with extorting Silk Road operator Ross Ulbricht , who has been sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of seven drug and conspiracy charges in February .
Force 's attorney Ivan Bates did not return a call for comment .
Force worked undercover and was tasked with establishing communications with Ulbricht .
Ulbricht was accused of creating the multimillion-dollar marketplace for illegal drugs and other contraband and adopting the alias Dread Pirate Roberts , a character from the movie `` Princess Bride . ''
The website promised its buyers and sellers anonymity by using encryption and bitcoins .
Force is charged with wire fraud , theft of government property , money laundering and conflict of interest .
Force remains jailed pending his arraignment . A magistrate judge denied bail after ruling the former federal agent was a flight risk .
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Not in a good way either ...
supermoon photos are all the rage over the past few days . If you went to take a photo of the moon , you will quickly realize that your smart phone will simply not capture the SUPERNESS of the supermoon . It 's just a white little dot . Why ? Because your smart phone does not have the capability to capture photos at the zoom needed to achieve the desired effect . You need a Digital SLR camera and a telephoto lens to zoom in . No other option .
Here is the post that Denver International Airport posted of the Super Moon setting on Monday morning :
People took to Facebook to comment that the photo is a FAKE ... Because the moon rises in the west .... Really ? We all know that , but it seems that some of these people ca n't understand that the moon rises and it also sets . Where does it set ? If you said in the west , congratulations ... You are one smart cookie ! Check out some of the comments that were left on Denver Now 's and Denver International Airport 's Facebook pages calling this photo a fake .
Here are the top 5 best comments calling the photo a fake , which are pure comedic gold !
`` Is that a gigantic total wave the moon is coming over the Limon mountain range ? '' – Jacob
`` Faker faker studabaker . Mtn 's are on other side of circus tent . '' – Tamra
`` Uh , the mtns are west of DIA , the moon came up in the east ...... weird '' – Cindy
`` Uh , the moon rises in the East ( which is where DIA is ) , the mountains are West . Why would someone that represents the `` Denver Now '' page post this ? ? ? '' – Brittney
`` FAKE garbage since when are the mountains in the east ? '' - Yanis
And here 's a bonus comment :
`` FAKE ! The moon does n't rise in the west '' – Justin
That 's it ... I 'm done with the internet , I ca n't handle it any more today .
Where Is Bahrain 's Prominent Human Rights Lawyer Mohammed al-Tajer ?
Human rights lawyer Mohammed al-Tajer
Mohammed al-Tajer is one of Bahrain 's best-known defense lawyers . He was the leading defense attorney defending 25 opposition activists who were tried between October 2010 and February 2011 on charges of plotting to overthrow the government using “ terrorism ” and other means .
Today , April 25 , marks ten days since Mohammed al-Tajer was arrested at his house in Bahrain 's capital , Manama . On the night of April 15 , according to his wife , more than 20 security officers entered their house in the middle of the night . She says some were in uniforms , some were in plain clothes and all except one were wearing masks . They searched all the bedrooms and confiscated personal items , such as mobile phones , laptops and papers . Then Mohammad al-Tajer was arrested without explanation . No arrest order was shown to him or his family , she says .
Then came two days of silence . Finally , he phoned his family for two minutes on April 17 to let them know he was in the Criminal Investigations Department ( CID ) in Manama 's al- ‘ Adliya district , and wanted them to bring him clothes . When the family asked him what the charges against him were he replied that he did not know .
They still do n't know because nothing has been heard from or about al-Tajer since then , Joe Stork of Human Rights Watch told The Public Record . Like hundreds of his fellow prisoners , he has been “ disappeared . ”
This prominent attorney , who has defended many cases of opposition and human rights activism , is but one of the more than 500 Bahraini 's who have been arrested and imprisoned by the country 's Security Forces since March . In addition , according to Maryam Al-Khawaja , Head of Foreign Relations Office for the Bahrain Center for Human Rights , “ More than 800 detainees were ‘ disappeared ' within days of the imposition of a state of ‘ national safety , ' ( martial law ) including 39 women . ”
According to local human rights groups , those who have been detained since March include opposition and human rights activists , teachers , doctors and nurses . They have been arrested for their participation in the February and March protests calling for far-reaching political and other reform in Bahrain . The government 's most recent concerted campaign has been against physicians , with the arrest and detention of an estimated three-dozen medical practitioners , including a number of one-of-a-kind specialists . The government 's reported motive is to prevent the treatment of people injured in the anti-government demonstrations , to silence their testimony to the horrendous wounds they treated , and to make Bahraini 's so suspicious of hospitals that they will avoid them rather than risk an encounter with law enforcement .
According to human rights groups , the whereabouts of the great majority of detainees remains unknown ; many are believed to be held by the Bahrain Defense Force ( BDF ) . If prosecuted , they may face unfair trials before the National Safety Court of First Instance and a National Safety Appeal Court , established under the State of National Safety ( SNS ) –martial law — declared by the King of Bahrain on 15 March .
The US government has for the most part given King Hamid 's violent crackdown on demonstrators a ‘ get out of jail free ' card . The White House and the State Department have used words such as “ unfortunate ” to lament the sporadic violence that has wracked this tiny island nation since January . And they have generally backed the King 's calls for a “ national dialogue . ”
Anti-government forces have rejected such a dialogue , believing that the King would only use it as a way of slowing the pace of protest . But , according to The Wall Street Journal , US President Barack Obama has said dialogue was an “ opportunity for meaningful reform . ”
The Obama administration has repeatedly appealed to the Bahraini government for restraint , and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton this week called for apolitical process that “ advances the rights and aspirations of all the citizens of Bahrain. ” But the administration has neither recalled its ambassador to Manama nor threatened the kinds of sanctions it imposed on Libya — a striking disparity that is fueling ­anti-U.S. sentiment among Bahraini opposition groups .
“ Even though the American administration 's words are all about freedom and democracy and change , in Bahrain , the reality is that they 're basically a protection for the dictatorship , ” said Zainab al-Khawaja , a prominent human-rights activist who began a hunger strike after her father , husband and brother-in-law were arrested at her apartment over the weekend . U.S. officials privately acknowledge that the administration has been understated in its criticism of Bahrain , in part to avoid further strain in relations with Saudi Arabia , a vital U.S. ally and neighbor to the tiny island
kingdom .
Why ? Why when US and allied military forces are bombing Gaddafi 's Libya , and Obama Administration officials are regularly excoriating Syria 's Assad , is the US being so cautiously conciliatory concerning Bahrain ?
There are five main reasons . First , Bahrain hosts the US Navy 's Fifth Fleet and is therefore of strategic importance for the US . Secondly , Bahrain is an important center for international finance and oil production . Instability here would be – and is — felt in financial markets word-wide .
Third , Saudi Arabia is Bahrain 's neighbor – just 26 km away over a causeway connecting the two countries . The Saudis fear the rise of a pro-Iranian Shiite state on its eastern frontier and have urged Bahrain to deal firmly with the throng of protesters that occupied a central square and blocked access to Manama 's main business district . Saudi fear of the protests spreading is one reason that Saudi and UAE military units were sent over that causeway on last month . Their mission is to help the King put down the demonstrations and maintain order while holding onto his power .
Fourth , while Bahrain 's rulers are Sunni Muslims , the vast majority of its population is Shia . Bahrainis , Saudis and Americans all worry that the Bahrain 's Shias will feel an allegiance that could be exploited by Shia Iran .
Finally , with Saudi Arabia already annoyed at the Americans for throwing Hosni Murarak under the bus too soon , the US seems willing to search for ways to avoid further upsetting its longtime ally and oil-supplier .
Siras Abi Ali , an analyst on the Persian Gulf region , says , “ There is no good outcome from this for Saudi Arabia . If Bahrain offers concessions , the Saudi Shia will demand similar concessions . If they crack down , they risk an uprising . These people do not want to live under the House of Saud . ”
Sheikh Mohammed Habib al-Muqdad , a cleric who was among political prisoners freed due to pressure from protesters , told AFP on March 1 : “ Dialogue is only an option once the regime steps down . ”
The Bahraini elite has raised fears about the “ sectarian ” nature of the protests . Most of the anti-government protesters are Shia Muslims , while Bahrain 's monarchy and elite consists of Sunni Muslims .
“ Without Washington 's support , Bahraini officials told the Americans , the kingdom risked slipping into a ‘ sectarian divide , ' pitting a Shiite majority against ruling Sunnis , ” the WSJ reported .
“ Bahraini officials also warned the US that Iran would be the big winner should the ruling family fall. ” This refers to speculation that a potential Shia-based Bahraini government might have closer relations with Shia-led Iran .
Ali Abdulemam , an activist and blogger recently released from prison , told Almasryalyoum.com on March 1 : “ The situation here is the same as in other places in the Arab world . There is similar anger and disillusionment . The ruling strata enjoy the same unjust advantages in distribution of wealth in the country . We have no freedom of expression or belief .
“ We have the same anger as Tunisia , Egypt , and Libya . We also all share a desire to live in freedom and dignity . All of these are causes for the revolution .
“ [ The rulers ] hate anyone who is opposition , it does n't have as much to do with sectarianism . It is known that the majority of Shia are opposition , but there are Shia loyalists , and there are Sunni opposition . They hate whoever opposes the system . ”
Jawad Fairooz , a senior member of al-Wefaq , the largest Shia party , told the Financial Times.com on February 28 : “ The government is just inciting fear . We do n't want a Shia prime minister or a Shia state . We just want equal rights and an end to injustice . ”
The US using weasel words to soften the reality of the police state Bahrain has become will be seen by ordinary people as the US waiting to see who wins before choosing sides . Those unfamiliar with the nuances and subtleties of foreign diplomacy will condemn American action – or inaction , in this case – as cowardice . They will wonder what 's become of the much-vaunted American principles of equality , tolerance and the rule of law .
And they will try to figure out how the world 's self-described human rights champion finds it possible to stand on the sidelines as a brutal police state does all the unspeakable things that brutal police states do .
I know making foreign policy is n't easy . I know there are competing equities . I know that sometimes there simply are no good choices . I know about realpolitik .
Well , even knowing a bit about all those issues does n't really help me . Maybe I 'm simplistic . I want my country to stand up – and speak out — for what it believes . I want it to cry out to condemn the cruelty , the brutality , the mindless quest for power , going on in Bahrain today .
But I find my words ineloquent . So let me use those of Richard Sollom , of Physicians for Human Rights . Here 's what he said on his return from Bahrain :
“ In two decades of conducting human rights investigations in more than 20 countries , I have never seen such widespread and systematic violations of medical neutrality as I did in Bahrain . Bahrain 's ambulances , hospitals and medical clinics as well as its physicians , nurses , and medical staff are all being targeted . It 's pervasive and ongoing .
“ In Bahrain , as they treat protesters and wounded civilians , they have borne witness to incredible human suffering . Treating these patients has provided physicians with unparalleled evidence of the atrocities committed by the authorities , the security forces and riot police . Their knowledge of these atrocities has also made them targets . At least 32 healthcare professionals have been abducted over the past two months and are being held incommunicado by security forces .
“ Salmaniya , a large 821-bed hospital housing Bahrain 's leading medical specialists , is where the most serious injuries have been treated . Doctors there have seen evidence of gas inhalation , gunshot wounds and beatings . While in Bahrain , we documented evidence of the hospital administration at Salmaniya calling doctors and nurses in for appointments , from which they were never seen again . Presumably they are taken to places of detention .
“ One notable detention center , Criminal Investigations Directorate at Adliya , is also an infamous center of torture . Unfortunately , the doctors do not have to be taken to detention centers to suffer violent attacks . We have documented the story of six doctors beaten by security forces in a Salmaniya staff room .
“ When security forces are capable of such brutality in a hospital , one can only imagine what happens in a detention center . ”
Think about it .
William Fisher , a regular contributor to The Public Record , has managed economic development programs for the U.S. State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development in the Middle East , Latin America and elsewhere for the past 25 years . He has supervised major multi-year projects for AID in Egypt , where he lived and worked for three years . He returned later with his team to design Egypt 's agricultural strategy . Fisher served in the administration of President John F. Kennedy . He reports on a wide-range of issues for numerous domestic and international newspapers and online journals . He blogs at The World According to Bill Fisher .
( CNN ) Baton Rouge police Chief Carl Dabadie on Tuesday said officers have arrested three people they believe were planning to kill police in the Louisiana city .
The threat emerged after the shooting death of Alton Sterling last week by Baton Rouge police , which has prompted weeklong protests by people concerned about police use of deadly force .
The `` credible threat '' was why law officers were quick to take aggressive action when they believed protesters were becoming unruly , Debadie and other top law enforcement officers told reporters .
Riot police grab a protester after she refused to leave the road in Baton Rouge .
`` We ca n't take anything for granted any more , '' said East Baton Rouge Sheriff Sid Gautreaux . `` What you saw in the ( law enforcement ) response is because of the very real and viable threats against law enforcement . Look what happened in Dallas . A very peaceful protest and then some crazy madman . ''
Demonstrators march at the Louisiana Capitol on Saturday to protest the shooting of Alton Sterling .
Police said they learned of the plot when an officer responded to a burglary at Cash America Pawn early Saturday morning and arrested Antonio Thomas in the store , Debadie said .
Read More
ADVERTISEMENT
First the Sarah Palin movie , now this . On Monday , it was reported that HBO is developing a miniseries about former Vice President Dick Cheney . The premium cable channel has optioned Barton Gellman 's award-winning book Angler : The Cheney Vice Presidency . The series , to be written by `` Six Feet Under '' scribe Rick Cleveland , will also be based on the `` Frontline '' documentary The Dark Side , and will retell Cheney 's story from his early days with Donald Rumsfeld in the Nixon Administration to his stint under George W. Bush . Given Cheney 's notoriously un-telegenic presence , commentators are cracking wise . Here , a brief sampling :
A charmed life
`` Though 'The Kennedys ' had terrible luck finding a cable home , '' says Kyle Buchanan at New York , `` HBO is developing a new political mini-series that may be better received — and why would n't it , since it 's about friendly , sympathetic former Vice-President Dick Cheney ? ''
Midseason replacement
`` With 'Entourage ' coming to a close , HBO needs to act fast if they want to remain the go-to cable source for shows about guys I 'd like to punch . Enter Dick Cheney , '' says Wookie Johnson at Screen Junkies . `` No word yet on when Charlie Sheen will be cast for the role . ''
Casting conflicts
Who should play Dick Cheney ... '' asks Jen Chaney at The Washington Post , `` bearing in mind that Lionel Barrymore passed away in 1954 and is therefore unavailable ? ''
Natural progression
`` HBO has done gangsters , vampires , and demonic carnies — so what resource will they mine entertainment next ? '' asks Eric Alt at NBC Bay Area . `` How about the GOP ? ''
Liberal bias
`` It looks as though HBO 's decided to double down '' just in time for Obama 's reelection bid , says John Nolte at Big Hollywood . `` Do n't hold your breath for any kind of election-timed docu-drama titled ... Obama : The Lost College Years the Media Is n't Interested in Investigating . ''
– The mountain snow is melting and it looks like Colorado 's white winter in the high country will bring good news for residents along the Front Range .
Denver Water thinks Dillon Reservoir will fill to capacity for the first time in years .
It was the end of March last year when Denver Water put in Stage 1 water restrictions as Lake Dillon was only 65 percent full . As on Monday it 's at about 85 percent full and it 's actually being drained to get ready for more melting snow , which will mean even more water .
“ It 's always a balancing act with our reservoirs across the state — Dillon in particular . We want to ultimately keep it full so people can enjoy recreation on the reservoir , but we have to be really conscious too as to what happens below the reservoir , ” Stacy Chesney with Denver Water said .
With the snowpack well above average surrounding the largest reservoir that sends water to Denver , officials have been planning all winter to let some go .
“ We 've been proactively releasing water into the river below to create that room to help reduce any risk of flooding that could happen later in the season , ” Chesney said .
But officials from Denver Water are keeping an eye on the snowpack with the hope of having full reservoirs for the first time since July of 2011 .
“ At this point we do expect that our reservoirs will fill and we hope that customers will continue that wise water use and not overuse water and follow our watering rules which will start on May 1 , ” Chesney said .
What many people in the high country are going to be watching is a layer of dust on the Western Slope that has sat on the snow for nearly a month . That , along with rain and warm temperatures over the last week , helped rush the melt over the past few days .
LINK : Denver Water
Hey everyone !
We hope you all are enjoying the new Elites , maps , and fixes that came with the Endless War update . It was incredibly exciting to see all the new players coming to Dawn of War III during the free weekend for a bit of WAAAGH ! We trust all you vets were n't too hard on them .
What 's next ? We 've been working hard to give you monthly updates since launch , with Endless War being the largest one yet . While you 're out there stomping Orks , the team will be taking a bit of time to digest all the feedback and plan out what new goodies we can bring to Dawn of War III next . The live team is currently scoping out the next steps based on your feedback , and will be popping in to chat with you in the weeks ahead .
As for me , I 'm moving on to the Age of Empires IV community team , so be sure to say hi when you see me over there ! From meeting you at events to getting decidedly trounced on each and every livestream , being a part of this community has been an incredible experience that I would n't trade for the shiniest bitz . On the Age team , I 'm just a plasma throw away - and if you 're in Vancouver , you 'll still catch me skulking about Games Workshop , probably muttering about the newest paints ...
But the folks on the live team have got you covered ! They 'll be posting here on the official forums when we have more to share , so watch this space closely .
Thanks for your support !
The Swedish Academy announced Friday that it was cutting all ties with a high-profile man with links to the institution after a `` crisis meeting '' called to address sexual harassment allegations by 18 women .
The organization said in a statement that `` members of the academy , daughters of academy members , wives of academy members and staff of the academy have experienced unwanted intimacy or inappropriate behavior '' by the man .
The unnamed man is not a member of the institute , but is married to a writer with `` close links to the academy . '' He also ran a cultural club showcasing exhibitions , readings and performances by both the cultural elite and hopefuls , including Nobel literature laureates , and was responsible for running an apartment the institute owns in an upscale neighborhood in Paris .
Read more on the # MeToo movement
- Jordanian ex-lawmaker storms off DW program after woman talks about sexual assault
- Hollywood # MeToo march joined by hundreds in protest against abuse
- The Harvey Weinstein effect
Swedish daily newspaper Dagens Nyheter on Tuesday published testimony from 18 women who claimed to have been sexually assaulted or raped by the man . The alleged sexual assaults occurred between 1996 and 2017 , some of them on the premises of the Swedish Academy , according to the newspaper . The women said they remained silent out of fear the man would jeopardize their careers .
Sara Danius of the Swedish Academy said she was 'shocked and saddened '
The man 's name has not been published in accordance with Swedish law on the presumption of innocence , but as a high-profile person in Sweden 's cultural scene , his identity is generally known to the public . Speaking with Dagens Nyheter , he has said he is innocent .
The Swedish Academy has hired a law firm to investigate the allegations .
Sara Danius , the academy 's permanent secretary , wrote she was `` shocked and saddened '' over the accusations in a blog post published late Wednesday . Danius said she had `` no reason to doubt '' the allegations .
The Swedish Academy , founded in 1786 by King Gustaf III , has awarded the Nobel Prize in literature since 1901 . This year 's laureate was Japanese-born British novelist Kazuo Ishiguro , known for `` The Remains of the Day '' and `` Never Let Me Go . ''
dv/cmk ( AFP , dpa )
Those with no technical knowledge generally believe that they are anonymous when simply browsing the Web . Those who know more might recognize that IP addresses can be used to do some rough targeting , while browser cookies can be used to track someone across sessions and across IP addresses . But what if your browser itself—even with cookies off and IP addresses out of the picture—was leaving a digital fingerprint at every site you visit ?
That possibility lies behind a new experiment from the Electronic Frontier Foundation , something called `` Panopticlick . '' ( Insert your favorite Bentham/Foucault joke here . )
Panopticlick measures the unique characteristics of your particular browsing setup , logs them , and then tells you just how unique that signature is . The project has just started , but it has already racked up over 40,000 results .
So far , my own browser fingerprint is totally unique . Even if I surf with cookies disabled , and even if I move locations to change my IP address , crafty advertising networks can still theoretically know exactly who I am .
Browsers provide all sorts of details to websites that request them . There 's the well-known `` user agent string '' that specifies the browser and computing platform being used , of course , but my own user agent string was not particularly unique . Much more incriminating were the details of my particular browser plugins ( only 1 in 20,830 browsers have an identical plugin load ) and the list of my system fonts ( 1 in 13,886 ) .
Websites can also access data on time zone , screen size , color depth , and more . Together , the data can be surprisingly unique .
According to the EFF , `` Adding your information to our database will help EFF evaluate the capabilities of Internet tracking and advertising companies , who are already using techniques of this sort to record people 's online activities . They develop these methods in secret , and do n't always tell the world what they 've found . But this experiment will give us more insight into the privacy risk posed by browser fingerprinting , and help web users to protect themselves . ''
Up until last year , Rex was a dangerous , feral dog .
After he was rescued by California man Ed Gernon , Rex calmed down and settled into domestic life .
So settled did he become , Rex even rescued an animal himself - a hummingbird that had fallen from a tree and was close to death near Gernon 's home in Whittier .
Now the two are inseparable , mostly because 'Hummer ' , as she is known , refuses to leave Rex 's side , even going as far as to share a water bowl with him .
Scroll down for video
Inseparable : Rex , a rescue dog , managed to pay it forward when he found 'Hummer ' close to death while out on a walk with his owner in Whittier , California . Now the dog and the bird are inseparable
Best pals : Hummer is constantly circling around Rex , who does not seem to mind the attention
All better : Gernon nursed Hummer - who was close to death , back to health , hand-feeding her a sugar syrup
'It was this little creature , ' Gernon told CBS LA , adding that he believed the bird was dead because it was covered in ants .
'This fragile creature that the whole world wanted to kill and ( Rex ) was trying to protect her , so I thought I 'd go the distance . '
Gernon nursed Hummer back to health , hand-feeding her a sugar syrup he made , and now she is an important part of the household .
'Wherever he was , she wanted to be close by , ' Gernon wrote on a YouTube video of the two .
'She even started bathing in his water bowl , killing time while he ate before she 'd start playing with him again . So strange , but amazing . '
Sharing is caring : The dog and the bird have become so close that they even share a water bowl
However , all good things must end , and Gernon is aware that Hummer will not be with them for too much longer .
Andy Lee admits he could call time on his boxing career if the right opponent does not present itself in the first half of 2017 .
The former WBO champion lost his title in December of last year against Billy Joe Saunders and has not returned to the ring since .
Preliminary discussions were held with a view to fighting Jorge Sebastian Heiland , conqueror of Matthew Macklin in 2014 , on the undercard of Gennady Golovkin against Daniel Jacobs on 10 December in New York .
But that bout could n't be made and left Lee without the platform for the major fight that he says he desires in order to return .
He told IFL TV : “ It looked like I could have fought again a couple of times this year but it did n't materialise . Those would have been big , significant fights .
“ I 'm a little bit disappointed about that but in another way I 'm not because I needed a rest from the game .
“ I 'm boxing as a professional for over 10 years and especially since joining Adam Booth , it has been very intense .
“ It has been a very hard regime training-wise and my fights were all very tough fights , top-end fights . I 've consciously taken a rest from it . It looked like I could have fought 10 December .
`` Initially it was just to get me out and have a fight . But I did n't want just a run of the mill fight .
“ They talked about Jorge Sebastian Heiland who is the WBC number one contender .
“ I thought that would be a very good fight and I would go for that . It would have been in Madison Square Garden as part of Golovkin v Jacobs but they did n't reach an agreement and we 're just waiting to see if the fight get set , if the date can be put on again .
“ It was just preliminary , there was nothing official . But at this stage of my career , it has to be a big fight to entice me back to fight again . I have achieved everything I wanted in the game .
“ I 'm quite happy in my life . I love boxing , I 'm still young at 32 . So while I still can fight , I want to fight , but it has to be the right fight . We 'll see . I 'm not just going to come back to knock over a few bums . ”
Lee has already said he is open to the possibility of taking on superstar Golovkin and reiterated his desire to take on the unbeaten world champion if needs be .
“ If in six months time , the right fight does n't come , I will have to think about it [ retiring ] . I have nothing left to achieve or prove to myself or anybody . It would be nice to get one more run at the title , win it back , and go out off into the sunshine .
“ I 'm willing to fight anybody . If Jacobs and Golovkin reach an agreement , it 's very possible I could fight Heiland .
“ If they do n't , I 'll be happy to step in and fight one of them . That 's the type of fighter I 'm looking at . I 'd love a rematch with Billy Joe Saunders , but I do n't see it happening . But I want to fight the top guys . ”
Lee was part of Eric Donovan 's team as the Olympian won the second bout of his professional career at the National Stadium with a second-round stoppage .
He said : `` He asked me to wrap his hands and give him a hand . I enjoyed it . It was very nerve-wracking though , being on that side . It 's a lot of responsibility and you have to make sure everything is right . ''
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Brave firefighters saved a cat from a burning building before giving her life-saving oxygen through a mask specially designed for pets .
The fire which erupted in Jersey Street , Port Talbot , needed five crews to tackle .
A man managed to escape the house before the firefighters arrived - but the cat was still inside .
Firefighters battled the blaze and managed to get her out , where they used the pet-sized gear .
It was taken to a veterinary practice by RSPCA Cymru , and a local family have since been looking after it . They have nicknamed her Sophie .
Cat sitters Nigel and Linda Passmore said : “ We initially did n't think this poor cat was going to make it , but she 's doing brilliantly now and has settled in really well . We 're just happy we were able to help . ”
The oxygen therapy masks were donated to Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service in 2016 by the Smokey Paws not-for-profit .
RSPCA inspector Gemma Cooper said : “ It was fantastic to be able to help Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service with this rescue .
“ It 's fantastic to see the lengths firefighters went to in helping this cat - and clearly the oxygen masks donated by Smokey Paws played a pivotal role in ensuring the animal 's welfare , with their potential in saving the lives of pets clear to see .
“ This incident is another brilliant example of what can be achieved for Wales ' animals when we work in collaboration . ”
The man was taken to hospital after the fire on Saturday , where his injuries are understood to be non-life threatening .
Smokey Paws founder Brian Lockyer added : “ Specially designed pet oxygen masks are more effective on pets than the human masks often used to try and revive pets by first responders .
“ We 're so pleased to hear that the masks have helped this cat in Port Talbot . This just further highlights how important it is to help equip emergency services with these critical lifesaving devices for cats and dogs .
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“ By providing one special animal oxygen kit for each fire engine in the country as well as providing them to sanctuaries and shelters , we hope to enable first responders to save even more animals lives . ”
Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service said staff were grateful to everyone who donated the oxygen masks .
Station manager Sean Lloyd said : “ Thanks to the fundraising efforts of individuals and organisations , through the Smokey Paws Charity ,
“ The donation of oxygen therapy masks has enhanced Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service 's capability to rescue and recover cats and dogs from fires .
“ These oxygen therapy masks , which are designed specifically to be used by cats and dogs , have been provided to fire stations in Llanwrtyd Wells , Builth Wells , Llandrindod Wells , Aberystwyth , Carmarthen , Newcastle Emlyn , Whitland , Llanelli , Swansea Central , Swansea West , Morriston , Port Talbot , Haverfordwest and Brecon . ”
Marjorie Dannenfelser , the president of the anti-choice campaign group the Susan B. Anthony List , sent a letter yesterday to all of the remaining Republican presidential candidates , except for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio , warning them against criticizing Cruz and Rubio for their extreme , no-exceptions stances on abortion rights .
Although Dannenfelser did n't name names , Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , who endorsed Jeb Bush after dropping out of the presidential race himself , and Gov . Chris Christie both attacked Cruz and Rubio over their opposition to rape exceptions in separate Morning Joe interviews this week .
Graham said on the program that although he 's “ pro-life , ” he thinks Ted Cruz 's stance on exceptions would be “ a hard sell with young women . ”
“ I may be wrong , and I hope I 'm wrong , but I think it 's going to be very hard to grow the party among women if you 're gon na tell young women , ‘ If you get raped , you 're got ta carry the child of the rapist , ' ” he said . “ Most pro-life people do n't go there . ”
Christie , meanwhile , said that Rubio 's no-exceptions policy is “ the kind of position that New Hampshire voters would be really concerned about . ”
The spat gets to the heart of the anti-choice movement 's long-running debate about whether to tolerate the inclusion of certain exceptions in legislation aimed at curtailing abortion rights in an attempt to broaden their appeal and give political cover to vulnerable lawmakers .
Dannenfelser has called rape exceptions “ abominable , ” “ regrettable ” and “ intellectually dishonest , ” but has made it clear that her group will back bills that include exceptions if they deem it necessary for those bills to pass . Graham takes a similarly pragmatic approach to the issue , pleading after a 20-week abortion ban he sponsored got caught up in a debate about the wording of its rape exception that the movement needed to “ find a way out of this definitional problem with rape . ”
But what Dannefelser seems to be most upset about is the fact that Christie and Graham talked about rape at all , which she says plays right into “ Planned Parenthood 's talking points. ” Indeed , after Republican Senate candidates Todd Akin and Richard Mourdock made disastrous comments about pregnancy from rape in 2012 , Dannenfelser held trainings for Republicans to teach them how to avoid the subject .
In her letter to the candidates , Dannefelser notes that her organization , along with Rubio and Cruz , have supported legislation that includes exceptions , but purely as a political compromise . Attacking those candidates for their no-exceptions ideology , she says , is “ incredibly damaging to the prolife movement at a point in which momentum is on our side . ”
“ Let me be clear : An attack on this aspect of these candidates ' pro-life positions is an attack on the pro-life movement as a whole , ” she warned .
( SP ) chief and former chief minister Yadav was Wednesday unanimously re-elected for a ninth consecutive three-year term .
The announcement of his re-election on the first day of the party 's three-day national convention was greeted with applause at the Janeshwar Mishra Park in the state capital by thousands of party workers and leaders .
In his presidential address , Yadav called upon the party leadership and cadres to be good and disciplined in their conduct so as to ensure that the party lives up to its righteous image among the people .
`` People know every thing and they do not forget anything , '' he told his supporters while pointing out that they had its task cut out as a secular party which needed to keep the society intact .
Lucknow , he added , was a city reflecting the Ganga-Jamuni 'tehzeeb ' where the Hindus and Muslims never clashed with each other .
Terming peaceful co-existence in the society as a must for development and progress of the state and the country , he warned people to stand guard against the communal agenda of some leaders and parties .
Sharad Yadav , the Janata Dal president who attended the convention on the personal invitation of the SP chief , in his address called his bonding with Yadav `` unbreakable '' .
`` Though Mualayam Singh and I am not related through blood , we are ones who will never part ways , '' he added .
The three-day convention will later deliberate upon the political and economic agenda and adopt it .
National issues other than the party 's strategy for the 2017 state assembly polls will also come up for discussions .
Painting : Acrylic , Airbrush , Watercolor and Ink on Paper .
tattoo study . with acrylic paint , red wine , air brush
A collage of vintage book pages bonded together into one sheet . The layers and varying tones of each page convey emotion and offer depth and a 3-dimensional effect that brings this piece to life .
Many of Crowley 's pieces feature vintage book pages from the 18 and 1900 's . The aged effect and textures give the paintings an energy and feeling of historical depth .
shipped same day in an art tube ( to avoid substantial shipping costs associated with framed or stretched works ) . Ready for framing of your choice , if desired . Fast/ tracked delivery .
With certificate of authenticity .
Keywords : Sexy , Tattoo , Tattoos , FEMALE , Red Lips , Sleeve Tattoo , Vintage Book Pages , Darren Crowley , Vintage Pages , Bold Black Outlines , Bold Lines
Subjects : Fashion
Styles : Expressionism , Impressionism , Pop Art , Portraiture , Street Art
Mediums : Acrylic , Airbrush , Watercolor , Ink
Materials : Paper
Prints : Fashion Art Prints , Expressionism Art Prints , Impressionism Art Prints , Pop Art Art Prints , Portraiture Art Prints , Street Art Art Prints , Acrylic Art Prints , Airbrush Art Prints , Watercolor Art Prints , Ink Art Prints , Paper Art Prints
This 1,300-year-old structure in Siberia could be a fortress , a summer palace , a monastery , or even an astronomical observatory . ( Gdehorosho.ru )
Who Built This Unusual 1,300-Year-Old Siberian Palace… and Why ?
Experts are still divided over a mysterious 1,300-year-old fortress-like structure located on an island in the middle of a Siberian lake .
From The Siberian Times : With its island location and towering square walls that were once impenetrable , it looks at first glance to be an ancient fortress or kremlin to keep out enemies . Others believe the 1,300-year-old structure in rural Siberia has more mystical properties and might have been a summer palace , monastery , or even an astronomical observatory .
Whatever it is , more than a century after it was first explored , archaeologists are not further forward in discovering the secrets of Por-Bajin .
Most likely constructed in 757 A.D. , the complex has fascinated and frustrated experts in equal measure since it was found in the middle of Tere-Khol , a high-altitude lake in Tuva , in the late 19th century . First explored in 1891 , with small-scale excavation work later carried out between 1957 and 1963 , it was not until 2007 that in-depth research took place at the site .
Archaeologists found clay tablets of human feet and faded , colored drawings on the plaster of the walls . They found giant gates and fragments of burnt wood . But nothing yet has provided a definitive answer as to why the structure was built , and excavation work continues .
“ Por-Bajin is legally treated as one of the most mysterious archaeological monuments of Russia , ” says the official website for the complex .
“ Apparently it was built at the period of the Uighur Khagante nomadic empire ( 744-840 A.D. ) , but it 's not clear what they built a fortress for in such a solitary place , far from big settlements and trade routes . The architecture also raises many questions and it is reminiscent of a model of an ideal Chinese city-palace , ” the website continues .
Por-Bajin on the map of Uighur Kaganate . ( Irina Arzhantseva )
Por-Bajin , which translates as “ clay house ” in the Tuvan language , is located in the very center of Eurasia , on the border of Russia and Mongolia . It sits on a small island in a lake high in the mountains between the Sayan and Altai ranges , about five miles west of the isolated Kungurtuk settlement in southern Siberia .
MORE : You 've Been Thinking About Plato 's ‘ Atlantis ' Wrongly This Whole Time
Laser mapping of the site prior to the first major excavation in 2007 helped experts build a 3-D model of what the community might have looked like . Despite its age , parts of the structure were well preserved when archaeologists arrived to examine the 3.5-hectare site , with walls clearly visible .
Outer walls standing 10 meters ( 33 feet ) tall and 12 meters ( 40 feet ) wide formed a rectangular shape , creating what many have interpreted as a protective kremlin-like fortress . A main gate was discovered , opening into two successive courtyards connected by another gate .
Walls on the inside were smaller , at about 1 meter ( 3.3 feet ) tall , forming the outline of buildings , with a large building in the center of the site . Some of the walls and panels were covered with lime plaster painted with horizontal red stripes .
( Por-Bajin Fortress Foundation )
The main complex in the inner courtyard had a two-part central structure , one behind the other linked by a covered walkway . It had a tiled roof and was supported by 36 wooden columns resting on stone bases .
MORE : Enduring Mystery Surrounds the Ancient Site of Puma Punku
Construction materials , and the way the site is laid out , told the experts it was built in a typically Chinese architectural tradition , most likely in the second half of the eight century .
‘ The building was most likely of the post-and-beam construction characteristic of Chinese architecture from the T'ang Dynasty , ” wrote head archaeologist Irina Arzhantseva in a report published in The European Archaeologist in 2011 .
“ Finds of burnt timber fragments point to the use of the typical Chinese technique of interlocking wooden brackets , called dou-gung . Ramps led down to the two flanking galleries which were roofed , open spaces looking onto the access to the main pavilion . ”
A crumbled structure at the Por-Bajin site . ( Por-Bajin Fortress Foundation )
Archaeological work at Por-Bajin . ( Por-Bajin Fortress Foundation )
While debate continues about the use of Por-Bajin , growing evidence suggests it was a community or palace complex centered around a Buddhist monastery . Certainly , its layout could be seen as typical of the palaces of the Buddhist Paradises as depicted in T'ang paintings .
Books from the era also describe the existence of Uighur towns , extensive building activities , and a transition from a nomadic to sedentary lifestyle . Indeed , there may have been as many of 15 of these settlements in Tuva alone , all square or rectangular shaped and enclosed by walls with a main gate .
MORE : Was Ancient Egypt Illuminated by Electricity ?
What puzzles the experts , however , is the lack of rudimentary heating systems , particularly given that Por-Bajin sits at 2,300 meters ( 7,500 feet ) above sea level and endures harsh Siberian weather .
Por-Bajin in winter , with the surrounding lake frozen over . ( Irina Arzhantseva )
If anything , it suggests that the complex was only ever occupied for a brief period of time , or was used as a seasonal home in the warmer summer months . Some experts even say that the climate , or other natural occurrences in the region , brought occupation of the site to an early end in the 9th century .
Por-Bajin sits on a bed of permafrost with evidence that the melting of this ice—as a result of warmer temperatures over the past century—has caused not only a destruction of the walls , but also a dramatic rise in the depth of the lake water .
While debate on its origins will no doubt continue for decades , those who have seen Por-Bajin are all in agreement about its beauty .
Republished with permission from The Siberian Times . Read the original .
A top European official this week said Slovakia must do more to protect the rights of its LGBT citizens .
Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights Nils Muižnieks in a report he released on Tuesday notes the Slovak legal system does not recognize same-sex couples .
Members of the Slovak Parliament in 2012 overwhelmingly rejected a proposal that would have allowed gays and lesbians to register their partnerships . Lawmakers in June 2014 approved a proposed constitutional amendment that sought to define marriage as between a man and a woman .
The Alliance for Family , a coalition of groups opposed to nuptials for same-sex couples , in August 2014 submitted more than 400,000 signatures in support of a referendum on marriage and whether to prohibit gays and lesbians from adopting children . The Pope Francis-backed effort failed earlier this year because of insufficient voter turnout .
The report notes transgender Slovaks are able to legally change their name and gender on their birth certificates . It indicates ” the actual process of transition is not adequately regulated , ” in part , because it is based on a 1981 law .
“ In essence , a medical diagnosis of a psychiatric condition as well as irreversible surgical intervention in practice for the recognition of gender reassignment , although such surgery is not required by law , ” reads the report .
The report notes the majority of LGBT Slovaks who took part in a 2013 survey said they had experienced discrimination because of their sexual orientation within the past year . More than 60 percent of respondents said they faced violence in the previous 12 months because they are LGBT .
Slovakia 's hate speech laws do not include sexual orientation or gender identity .
“ The commissioner is worried at the growing negative rhetoric and hate speech directed against LGBTI persons in recent years and urges the authorities to take measures to extend the provisions of domestic hate speech legislation to cover sexual orientation , gender identity and sex characteristics , ” reads the report . “ The commissioner calls on the authorities to ensure that law enforcement officials and legal professionals are adequately equipped to recognize and effectively confront such incidents , which have deeply destructive effects not only on the victims , but also on society . ”
The report notes the Slovak government has made progress in terms of its response to LGBT-specific issues .
The government in 2012 established a committee in support of “ the promotion of the human rights of LGBTI persons . ”
“ The on-going work on the adoption of an action plan concerning the human rights of LGBTI persons and the establishment of an advisory committee with competencies in this area are positive developments , ” reads the report . “ The commissioner looks forward to receiving from the Slovak authorities more information on the outcome of these deliberations . ”
The Council of Europe published the report — which also highlights discrimination against Roma and those living with disabilities — roughly four months after Muižnieks traveled to Slovakia .
“ The relevant ministries of the Slovak Republic will make an effort to take into account the commissioner 's recommendations addressed to the Slovak Republic in their ongoing work with the aim to consistently uphold and further develop human rights in Slovakia , ” said the Slovak government in a statement it provided to the Washington Blade . “ Slovakia welcomes the opportunity to engage in constructive dialogue with the commissioner 's office and we would like to thank the commissioner for close co-operation during and after the visit . ”
Slovakia 's anti-discrimination law has included sexual orientation since 2008 .
Martin Macko , executive director of Inakost , a Slovak LGBT advocacy group , told the Blade that Muižnieks met with LGBT advocates in the country during his visit .
“ This report is about long-term issues…ignored so far by all Slovak governments , ” said Macko .
ILGA-Europe in a separate statement agreed with Macko , noting the Slovak government “ has not initiated ” an “ honest conversation on legal recognition for same-sex couples and their families ” in the wake of February 's referendum . The European advocacy group also notes the country is among the least LGBT-friendly nations in the region .
“ ILGA-Europe wholeheartedly agree with the commissioner 's recommendation that the Slovak authorities should promote respect for the rights of LGBTI people and take a stronger position when their human rights are violated , ” said ILGA-Europe .
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO — A city official says the Chicago Police Department will hire more than 500 additional officers as it struggles to deal with the city 's uptick in gun violence .
Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson is expected to announce the hires Wednesday .
The official , who was briefed on the plan , spoke with The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because the person was not authorized to discuss it ahead of the announcement .
The department has more than 12,000 officers currently , and has n't had a hiring push of this magnitude in years .
Chicago has seen more than 500 homicides already — higher than all of 2015 .
Mayor Rahm Emanuel has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on overtime for officers rather than hire more in recent years . Emanuel spokesman Adam Collins declined to comment .
Wal-Mart , along with many other retailers like Macy 's , Target and Best Buy , started its Black Friday sales on Thanksgiving this year — but the promise of deep discounts apparently caused some disturbing altercations .
The world 's biggest retailer took pains to avoid the typical mayhem that accompanies its door-buster deals , from distributing wristbands to consulting with crowd-control experts . The retailer has sought to improve crowd management this weekend , particularly after one Wal-Mart worker was shockingly trampled to death on Black Friday in 2008 . ( The retailer still has n't paid a $ 7,000 fine tied to that incident . )
But retailers were still unable to prevent a series of violent incidents at Wal-Mart locations across the country — many of which were documented under the hashtag # WalmartFights . Anonymous-linked Twitter account @ YourAnonNews urged people to use the hashtag to tweet updates of fights throughout Thanksgiving evening ( it 's now trending as of 11:30 p.m. on Thursday ) — and the results have been rather frightening .
Following is a sample of the tweets , YouTube videos and Vines so far — we 'll continue to update with the most striking as they roll in ( though hope there wo n't be more . )
Update - Nov. 29 , 8:45 a.m. , EDT : This update added more footage and tweets from the night .
Every now and again , we all indulge in dreams about travelling in time . Would n't it be wonderful to return to that specific point in the past to change a bad decision or relive an experience – those halcyon days of childhood , that night you won an Oscar – or to zip ahead to see how things turn out in the far future .
The mystery of time travel is full of excitement and wonder – “ But it 's not science , ” I hear you say . You may also think that it is definitely not like any mathematics you learned at school . Well , you will be surprised to hear that it is .
At present there is a great deal of news around the discovery of gravitational waves . It is suggested that this experiment and future research could unlock the secrets of the universe . One of the reasons why physicists believe this to be true is linked to other monumental scientific discoveries in the past – and the fact that we may have reached another unification moment and taken another step closer to a theory of everything .
Towards a theory of everything
We have known since Isaac Newton 's day that mass is inextricably linked to gravity . His unification moment was first conjectured famously while he was sitting having afternoon tea under an apple tree in Woolsthorpe , when out of the blue an apple fell on his head .
This incident made Newton think that the same force could be responsible for both the apple dropping to the ground and the moon falling towards the Earth in its orbit . He went on to show that it was true for all mass and that all bodies attract each other due to gravity . In the tabloid newspapers of the time , it was announced : “ We are just bodies forced to be attracted to each other by Newton 's gravitational interactions ” and that “ Love is a gravitational law ” .
Cue : Einstein
In the early 20th century , Einstein went further with his general theory of relativity and showed that mass and gravity are linked to time ; yet another unification moment .
Einstein was born in 1879 , and by 1905 had published a paper that would change the way we look at the world . This paper makes a fundamental change to the way we look at light . Until then , no one had thought too much about the speed of light – it was just another universal constant that experimental physicists attempted to calculate with ever greater accuracy . There was little appreciation of how radically different light waves were from sound and water waves .
But by using mathematics you learned at school – Pythagoras ' theorem – and with a little help from Einstein 's time dilation formula you can show that time will slow for someone who is moving .
Einstein 's theory says that if you want to slow time down – essentially , to time travel – you need to move fast , very fast ! Imagine setting off on a mission from Earth in the year 2000 , for example . You are scheduled to be away until 2032 , but will be travelling at 95 % the speed of light ( around 285,000km a second ) . The amazing thing is that , on your return , your watch would tell you that it is 2010 , despite it being 2032 on Earth , and you 'd be 22 years younger than anyone you left behind . That 's time dilation and it works at slower speeds , too , albeit to a much less profound degree .
So let 's go
But there 's a catch – 285,000km a second is very , very fast . The fastest land vehicle can not even get to 1km a second and even a spaceship when escaping Earth 's atmosphere is travelling at a relatively pitiful 10km a second . Even if we could reach these speeds , it is questionable whether we could survive the stress on our bodies . So time travel into the future is possible , but a bit too difficult – for now . But what about the past ?
I do n't know about you but I always feel a bit cheated when I read articles on time travel . I 'm told all these facts but no one tells me how to build a time machine . So as not to cheat you , here follows a design for just such a thing , with great thanks to Professor Frank Tipler . Tipler published a paper on how to build a time machine , a Tipler Cylinder , back in 1974 . This machine would enable you to travel back in time .
First , you need a lot of money to buy a large cylinder . When I say large , I mean very large , perhaps a 100km long . The cylinder also needs to be at least the mass of the sun , but very densely packed together . You then need to start it rotating , faster and faster , until it 's rotating so fast that it starts to disturb the fabric of both space and time – and you would be able to detect a wash of gravity waves coming from this structure .
I also need to add a health warning , as coming close to such a dense structure would cause issues . The mass of the Earth pulls us down to its surface , but getting too close to an object this massive would be hugely dangerous – it would drag you towards it and squash you flat .
If you can get round this squashing problem , however , approach the rotating cylinder and start following its spin – as you get closer , strange things will start to happen . Your path , which normally inextricably moves you forward in time , changes , since moving around the cylinder in the direction of rotation will shift you back in time . The machine makes the direction of time collapse into the past , so the longer you follow the machine 's spin , the further back in time you will go . To reset the movement to normal , simply move away from the cylinder , go back to Earth and you will be returned to the present – albeit a present in the past .
But be careful what you do there . Fiddle around with the past too much and – like Marty McFly in Back To The Future – you may just break up your parent 's first date or even ruin your chances of being born . Time can be funny like that .
A C.I.A . spokesman declined to comment .
The United States and its allies have been scrambling to gather detailed information on the location and abilities of Libyan infantry and armored forces that normally takes months of painstaking analysis .
“ We did n't have great data , ” Gen. Carter F. Ham , who handed over control of the Libya mission to NATO on Wednesday , said in an e-mail last week . “ Libya has n't been a country we focused on a lot over past few years . ”
Several weeks ago , President Obama signed a secret finding authorizing the C.I.A . to provide arms and other support to Libyan rebels , American officials said Wednesday . But weapons have not yet been shipped into Libya , as Obama administration officials debate the effects of giving them to the rebel groups . The presidential finding was first reported by Reuters .
In a statement released Wednesday evening , Jay Carney , the White House press secretary , declined to comment “ on intelligence matters , ” but he said that no decision had yet been made to provide arms to the rebels .
Representative Mike Rogers , a Michigan Republican who leads the House Intelligence Committee , said Wednesday that he opposed arming the rebels . “ We need to understand more about the opposition before I would support passing out guns and advanced weapons to them , ” Mr. Rogers said in a statement .
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you 're not a robot by clicking the box . Invalid email address . Please re-enter . You must select a newsletter to subscribe to . Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times . You may opt out at any time . You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times 's products and services . Thank you for subscribing . An error has occurred . Please try again later . View all New York Times newsletters .
Because the publicly stated goal of the Libyan campaign is not explicitly to overthrow Colonel Qaddafi 's government , the clandestine war now going on is significantly different from the Afghan campaign to drive the Taliban from power in 2001 . Back then , American C.I.A . and Special Forces troops worked alongside Afghan militias , armed them and called in airstrikes that paved the rebel advances on strategically important cities like Kabul and Kandahar .
In recent weeks , the American military has been monitoring Libyan troops with U-2 spy planes and a high-altitude Global Hawk drone , as well as a special aircraft , JSTARS , that tracks the movements of large groups of troops . Military officials said that the Air Force also has Predator drones , similar to those now operating in Afghanistan , in reserve .
Air Force RC-135 Rivet Joint eavesdropping planes intercept communications from Libyan commanders and troops and relay that information to the Global Hawk , which zooms in on the location of armored forces and determines rough coordinates . The Global Hawk sends the coordinates to analysts at a ground station , who pass the information to command centers for targeting . The command center beams the coordinates to an E-3 Sentry Awacs command-and-control plane , which in turn directs warplanes to their targets .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Lt. Gen. David A. Deptula , who recently retired as the Air Force 's top intelligence official , said that Libya 's flat desert terrain and clear weather have allowed warplanes with advanced sensors to hunt Libyan armored columns with relative ease , day or night , without the need for extensive direction from American troops on the ground .
But if government troops advance into or near cities in along the country 's eastern coast , which so far have been off-limits to coalition aircraft for fear of causing civilian casualties , General Deptula said that ground operatives would be particularly helpful in providing target coordinates or pointing them out to pilots with hand-held laser designators .
The C.I.A . and British intelligence services were intensely focused on Libya eight years ago , before and during the successful effort to get Colonel Qaddafi to give up his nuclear weapons program . He agreed to do so in the fall of 2003 , and allowed C.I.A . and other American nuclear experts into the country to assess Libya 's equipment and bomb designs and to arrange for their transfer out of the country .
Once the weapons program was eliminated , a former American official said , intelligence agencies shifted their focus away from Libya . But as Colonel Qaddafi began his recent crackdown on the rebel groups , the American spy agencies have worked to rekindle ties to Libyan informants and to learn more about the country 's military leaders .
A former British government official who is briefed on current operations confirmed media reports that dozens of British Special Forces soldiers , from the elite Special Air Service and Special Boat Service units , are on the ground across Libya . The British soldiers have been particularly focused on finding the locations of Colonel Qaddafi 's Russian-made surface-to-air missiles .
Washington : Israel has made an initial request for its annual US defence aid to increase to as much as $ US5 billion ( $ 7 billion ) when its current aid package , worth an average $ US3 billion a year , expires in 2017 , US congressional sources have said .
Israel wants $ US5 billion per year in military aid for 10 years , for a total of $ US50 billion , the congressional aides said on Wednesday . It has been signalling that it wants more money to counter threats it says will arise as a result of the international agreement on Iran 's nuclear program , which Israel 's government has staunchly opposed .
Israeli security troops take positions at the scene of a stabbing attempt in Hebron on Sunday . Credit : AP
Congressional and other US officials cautioned that negotiations on the new aid deal were still in the early stages and the proposal is not yet at the stage where it has been formally brought to Congress , which must approve the funds .
Getty Images Share
Pinterest
Email
Bernie Sanders and Bill Nye ( the Science Guy ) hosted a conversation about the perils of climate change Monday , bringing their talk to Facebook Live in order to raise consciousness about an environmental issue they fear the new administration will backslide on .
“ Join me and Bill Nye at 10:30 a.m . ET tomorrow on Facebook Live for a conversation on climate change , ” Sanders tweeted on Sunday night , announcing the forum at the very last minute . Sanders has been outspoken about the need to limit carbon emissions in order to stave off the worst effects of climate change , and he has been a fierce critic of President Trump 's pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency , the climate=denier Scott Pruitt .
Nye , meanwhile , has cultivated as a science educator a record of engaging with individuals across different ideological viewpoints , even debating creationist Ken Ham three years ago on the merits of evolution .
Contact Daniel J. Solomon at solomon @ forward.com or on Twitter @ DanielJSolomon
Liverpool welcome Arsenal to Anfield this Saturday in an epic table topping clash . The the two sides wI 'll battle it out for one of the three remaining Champions League spots with Chelsea looking to be running away with the title .
Match Details
Liverpool v Arsenal
Anfield
17:30 GMT
Live on BT Sports
Match Preview
As hosts , Liverpool come into the game with plenty to prove . They will be keen to entertain the home crowd , as well as get back to winning ways following a disappointing 3-1 defeat against Leicester on Monday .
Arsene Wenger 's side come into the game after a 12 day break and also have a point to prove to the fans .
Arsenal have not won at Anfield since March 2012 , when a 90th minute Robin van Persie volley slipped inside Pepe Reina 's near post for a 2-1 victory .
As inconsistent as these two teams are at the moment , Jurgen Klopp 's side will feel they need to bounce back after the defeat to the Champions Leicester . Losing two games in a row at this point in the season might see their Champions League hopes crushed .
A point separates the two teams in the table with Arsenal sitting 4th , closely followed by Liverpool . Neither team can afford to lose this game as Manchester United play Bournemouth in the lunchtime kick off and are perfectly poised to take the place of one or both of these teams .
Liverpool are woefully out of form but have still managed to remain undefeated in 8 games against top 6 opposition this season . The season started with these two teams meeting at the Emirates , where Arsenal lost 3-4 in a very exciting game .
Team News
Aaron Ramsey returns for Arsenal , while Mohamed Elneny is still out after a knock he picked up against Sutton United . Mesut Özil 's spot in the starting eleven remains a doubt after being sent back from training on Thursday due to illness .
For Liverpool , Jordan Henderson , who was injured against Leicester , probably wo n't feature . Dejan Lovren is unavailable as well as long term absentees Danny Ings and Grujic .
Predicted XIs
Liverpool : Mignolet , Clyne , Matip , Lucas , Milner , Henderson , Lallana , Wijnaldum , Mane , Coutinho , Firmino .
Arsenal : Cech , Bellarin , Mustafi , Koscielny , Monreal , Ramsay , Coquelin , Iwobi , Özil , Walcott , Sanchez .
Betting Tips
Olivier Giroud remains a constant threat for Liverpool , having scored 5 goals in his last 7 appearances against them . He is tied with Andrey Arshavin , with only Thierry Henry ( eight ) scoring more goals against the Reds . He is available at 9/5 as an anytime scorer .
Considering Arsenal 's vulnerable defence , it might be a tough test stopping Liverpool 's attacking options . Roberto Firmino is 5/1 to open the scoring whilst Sadio Mane is 7/4 anytime scorer .
Score Prediction
Klopp and Wenger both have an increasing number of critics and desperately need the 3 points . It is expected to be anyone 's game and completely depends on which of the two inconsistent sides turn up on the given day .
Liverpool 2-2 Arsenal
`` If you were to have a sparring match or freeplay practice that has the possibility of injury , people will move and fight more realistically . ''
True ? Or False ?
The answer which I 've been thinking about for 10+ years , in my humble opinion , is not as clear-cut as we want it to be .
Firstly , I recognize that if I make a wrong move in sparring means the possibility of injury , I will definitely move more cautiously . The psychological changes will affect my actions . I think most people agree with this , and some might think that this creates a more realistic behavior in people .
To put it as simple as possible , imagine a balancing scale with `` Safety '' on one side , and `` Realism '' on the other . When one goes up , the other goes down .
I 'm here to offer some alternative viewpoints for your consideration :
Risk Appetite
Some people do not want to venture into that extreme and putting themselves at the risk of injury . We have to respect that , no matter what their reasons are . It does n't mean that these people are less worthy .
There are some martial arts styles who do not do sparring at all , but yet they still preserve a precious legacy .
Opportunity Loss
Let me give you a real-life example that I 've seen .
David is a 50 years old lawyer who loves swordsmanship . He earns 5-figures a month .
Benny is a 20 years old chap who loves swordsmanship too , and he believes in sparring full-force , no holding back , using rigid heavy weapons for maximum realism to develop his skills .
So what happened was , Benny made a full-force horizontal attack to David 's ear and busted his ear-drum , resulting in reduced sense of hearing in that one ear . David had to spend lots of money on medical bills , and could n't work a few months .
Now , from David 's perspective , he has to consider if it 's worth losing his income and risking his career , for the sake of learning swordsmanship .
What will you choose if you 're David ?
A 5-figures per month income ?
Or , throw that away in order to participate in more realistic practice ?
Respect To Our Training Partners
When we engage in sparring or freeplay , we have to remember that our training partners are putting their physical bodies on the line so that we can practice .
We have a duty to take care of their bodies and respect this `` gift '' that they have given us . If we handle their bodies recklessly without care , do you think they will offer it to us again ?
But of course , there are also people who think that `` respect '' means you fight with full-force and no holding back . That 's also fine , but provided that both parties are mutual agreeable and understand what they signed up for .
More Safety = More Realism
Conversely to `` Less Safety = More Realism '' , another way to think about it is also : More safety actually brings more realism .
If I have a very rigid and heavy weapon that I know has the ability to seriously injure my training partner , I may start to hold back in order not to hurt him .
But if I have a safer training weapon , such as a softer foam sword , which I know that it wo n't injure anyone , what kind of behavioral effects will it have on me ? In short , I will be able to NOT hold back and strike my training partner with full-force as though it 's a real fight .
More Realistic Training Weapons = More Realistic Training ?
Many years ago , I used to think that having a more realistic weapon means I 'm training more realistically and more authentically . I 've since grown in my martial arts training to know that it 's not true .
You 're not more authentic just because you spar with metal swords or heavy wooden swords . Anyone with money can achieve that .
Authentic training comes from authentic learning . It can be achieved even without realistic weapons . A real teacher will be able to pass the teachings to you , even if he just picks up a broken branch on the field .
Realistic training weapons serve to enhance our learning , but it 's not like without it , we can never achieve real training .
Ending Thoughts
Overall , there are pros and cons for each configuration .
Reduce safety for the sake of realism , you might sue . Check up the law on `` Gross Negligence '' if you will . No amount of indemnity forms can protect you or your club , if the injured party decides to sue .
Increase safety and people may question the effectiveness of your training .
Either way , it 's a give-and-take situation . Win some here , lose some there .
But , no matter what is your decision , what you choose to compromise , how you choose to configure your training , how you choose to balance between Safety & Realism , I respect all styles ' preferences and I wish you the best in your martial arts journey .
-
Jack Chen
Ancient Chinese Martial Arts Manuals
www.ChineseLongsword.com
New Delhi : Ace Indian shooter Heena Sidhu , who recently bagged a gold medal in women 's 10m Air Pistol event here at Commonwealth Shooting Championships , on Saturday ( November 25 ) took to Twitter and slammed people who do n't stand up for National Anthem in the cinema halls .
The 28-year-old insisted that she feels proud to be a sportsperson , adding that she could not even think of not standing and talking loudly over the phone while the National Anthem is being played .
“ No need to stand up for National Anthem means you can carry on eating your pop-corns , chit-chatting , talking loudly on your phone while it 's playing . Sometimes , I feel so blessed to be a sportsperson…We ca n't even imagine this ! Getting a medal would n't be half as good without the Anthem , ” Sidhu wrote .
No need to stand up for National Anthem means you can carry on eating your pop-corns , chit-chatting , talking loudly on your phone while its playing . Sometimes I feel so blessed 2 b a sportsperson…We cant even imagine this ! Getting a medal wouldnt be half as gud without d Anthem — Heena SIDHU ( @ HeenaSidhu10 ) November 25 , 2017
Recently , an FIR was lodged against two students from Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday after they allegedly did not stand up for the national anthem .
The two , who are students of Baba Ghulam Shah Badshah University of Rajouri district , allegedly did not even stand up and were seen taking selfies when the national anthem was being played .
A fresh row on the singing of national anthem erupted after the Jaipur Mayor Ashok Lahoty made it compulsory for staffers to sing it every morning and national song every evening . The biometric system of attendance will not accept any entries after the morning anthem .
( With ANI inputs )
Mousa Dembele feels at home at Spurs .
And the Belgian international will be part of the furniture here until 2019 after signing a new deal on Thursday ( January 28 ) .
So naturally gifted , the game appears to come easily to Mousa - and he revealed it was an easy decision to put pen to paper with the club enjoying such exciting times at the moment .
“ When I heard that the club wanted to extend my contract I was very happy , I 've signed and I 'm happy to be part of the future - and I know it 's going to be a bright future , ” said the midfielder who has four goals in 20 appearances in all competitions so far this term .
“ The way we 're playing , the way the club is developing , everything is very good and everyone wants to be part of this team and this club . That 's why I 'm proud to extend my contract . ”
Below : Spurs TV exclusive - Mousa on his new deal
As one of our more experienced players , you are an important cog in this team now Mousa . Do you feel those responsibilities ?
Mousa : “ I 'm one of the older players now ! It 's nice to play in this team , the new , young players are doing fantastic for us . Every year I see us become better and better , the vibe is very nice and you want to be in a club where the vibe is so good and the future is bright and that 's why I 'm happy to extend . ”
You 've been here almost four years already ! Time flies !
Mousa : “ I was thinking about that the other day and it 's a positive thing . If you are happy somewhere , time does fly and I hope I have many more years here . ”
Below : Mousa at Hotspur Way
Do you feel at home here ?
Mousa : “ Yes , and that 's the most important thing for me , to feel comfortable , to feel at home . This is my home . ”
Tell us about your form - you 've been outstanding so far this season…
Mousa : “ I 'm very happy with my season at the moment but the season is still long and teams are playing well . It 's easier to play well if not only the team is playing well but also we know what we 're doing in the games . We have a certain style of play and it 's easier to play like this . We want to achieve something . We need to keep winning and at the end of the season , I hope we have even more positive talk than at the moment . ”
. @ mousadembele signing a new contract is a great excuse to look back at this from after the win at Southampton . pic.twitter.com/dgXryfsLW4 — Tottenham Hotspur ( @ SpursOfficial ) January 29 , 2016
That 's a key attitude of this team - always looking forward…
Mousa : “ We have goals and aims and we have n't achieved those goals yet . Everyone is down to earth and we realise we 're doing well , we 're winning games that normally perhaps before were n't that easy for us , so that 's positive and we need to continue taking this positivity into the next games . ”
So to sum up , are you in a good place at the moment ?
Mousa : “ Yes , personally it 's very positive to sign and we all have the feeling that the club is going to go even further upwards . I 'm very happy . ”
Migrating a Project to stack
July 27 , 2015
This post consists of notes on how I converted one of my Haskell projects to stack . It provides a small illustration of how flexible stack can be in accomodating project organisation quirks on the way towards predictable builds . If you want to see the complete results , here are links to the Bitbucket repository of Stunts Cartography , the example project I am using , and specifically to the source tree immediately after the migration .
The first decision to make when migrating a project is which Stackage snapshot to pick . It had been a while since I last updated my project , and building it with the latest versions of all its dependencies would require a few adjustments . That being so , I chose to migrate to stack before any further patches . Since one of the main dependencies was diagrams 1.2 , I went for lts-2.19 , the most recent LTS snapshot with that version of diagrams .
$ stack init -- resolver lts-2.19
stack init creates a stack.yaml file based on an existing cabal file in the current directory . The -- resolver option can be used to pick a specific snapshot .
One complicating factor in the conversion to stack was that two of the extra dependencies , threepenny-gui-0.5.0.0 ( one major version behind the current one ) and zip-conduit , would n't build with the LTS snapshot plus current Hackage without version bumps in their cabal files . Fortunately , stack deals very well with situations like this , in which minor changes to some dependencies are needed . I simply forked the dependencies on GitHub , pushed the version bumps to my forks and referenced the commits in the remote GitHub repository in stack.yaml . A typical entry for a Git commit in the packages section looks like this :
Keeping customised dependencies in public remote repositories is an excellent solution . It enables users to build the package without further intervention without requiring developers to clumsily bundle the source tree of the dependencies with the project , or waiting for a pull request to be accepted upstream and reach Hackage .
With the two tricky extra dependencies being offloaded to Git repositories , the next step was using stack solver to figure out the rest of them :
$ stack solver -- modify-stack-yaml This command is not guaranteed to give you a perfect build plan It 's possible that even with the changes generated below , you will still need to do some manual tweaking Asking cabal to calculate a build plan , please wait extra-deps : - parsec-permutation-0.1.2.0 - websockets-snap-0.9.2.0 Updated /home/duplode/Development/stunts/diagrams/stack.yaml
Here is the final stack.yaml :
repldump2carto is a flag defined in the cabal file . It is used to build a secondary executable . Beyond demonstrating how the flags section of stack.yaml works , I added it because stack ghci expects all possible build targets to have been built .
As I have GHC 7.10.1 from my Linux distribution and the LTS 2.19 snapshot is made for GHC 7.8.4 , I needed stack setup as an additional step . That command locally installs ( in ~/.stack ) the GHC version required by the chosen snapshot .
That pretty much concludes the migration . All that is left is demonstrating : stack build to compile the project…
$ stack build JuicyPixels-3.2.5.2 : configure Boolean-0.2.3 : download # etc . ( Note how deps from Git are handled seamlessly . ) threepenny-gui-0.5.0.0 : configure threepenny-gui-0.5.0.0 : build threepenny-gui-0.5.0.0 : install zip-conduit-0.2.2.2 : configure zip-conduit-0.2.2.2 : build zip-conduit-0.2.2.2 : install # etc . stunts-cartography-0.4.0.3 : configure stunts-cartography-0.4.0.3 : build stunts-cartography-0.4.0.3 : install Completed all 64 actions .
… stack ghci to play with it in GHCi…
… and looking at the build output in the depths of .stack-work :
$ .stack-work/dist/x86_64-linux/Cabal-1.18.1.5/build/sc-trk-viewer/sc-trk-viewer Welcome to Stunts Cartography 0.4.0.3 . Open your web browser and navigate to localhost:10000 to begin . Listening on http : //127.0.0.1:10000/ [ 26/Jul/2015:20:02:54 -0300 ] Server.httpServe : START , binding to [ http : //127.0.0.1:10000/ ]
With the upcoming stack 0.2 it will be possible to use stack build -- copy-bins -- local-bin-path < path > to copy any executables built as part of the project to a path . If the -- local-bin-path option is omitted , the default is ~/.local/bin . ( In fact , you can already copy executables to ~/.local/bin with stack 0.1.2 through stack install . However , I do n't want to overemphasise that command , as stack install not being equivalent to cabal install can cause some confusion . )
Hopefully this report will give you an idea of what to expect when migrating your projects to stack . Some details may appear a little strange , given how familiar cabal-install workflows are , and some features are still being shaped . All in all , however , stack works very well already : it definitely makes setting up reliable builds easier . The stack repository at GitHub , and specially the wiki therein , offers lots of helpful information , in case you need further details and usage tips .
As if teenagers and youth in general do n't already face daily pressures , matters are made worse when they 're taunted , bullied and discriminated against because of their sexual orientation . Over the past four weeks there have been six known suicides by students who were bullied at their schools because they were gay or perceived to be gay .
Rutgers University student Tyler Clementi , 18 , a promising violinist , leaped to his death Sept. 22 from the George Washington Bridge near his New Jersey campus . Clementi 's roommate and another student used a webcam to secretly broadcast on the Internet live images of Clementi having an intimate encounter with another man . Clementi did not know he was being filmed at the time .
Seth Walsh , a 13-year-old in Tehachapi , Cailf. , died last week after 10 days on life support after he hanged himself . Police say fellow students had mercilessly taunted him over his perceived sexual orientation .
Billy Lucas , 15 , hanged himself Sept. 9 at his Indiana home after years of harassment by students who judged him to be gay .
Asher Brown , a 13-year-old in Harris , Texas , who had recently come out , shot himself Sept. 23 after , his parents say , their efforts to alert school officials about ongoing bullying were not adequately addressed .
The U.S. is enduring a national problem of epidemic proportions , say gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgender and queer rights activists and supporters . “ Bullycide , ” a term referring to suicide resulting from intense bullying , has long been a severe public health crisis and must be stopped , they say . They call for a collective sense of urgency among LGBTQ people , supporters and school communities to address the anti-LGBTQ wave of bullying leading to suicides .
Many are speaking out including Judy Shepard , mother of Matthew Shepard who was killed a decade ago for being gay . “ Our young people deserve better than to go to school where they are treated this way , ” she told the Washington Blade . “ We have to make schools a safe place for our youth to prepare for their futures , not be confronted with threats , intimidation or routine disrespect . ”
Clementi 's family issued a statement saying , “ Regardless of legal outcomes , our hope is that our family 's personal tragedy will serve as a call for compassion , empathy and human dignity . ”
Activists note that LGBTQ youth are four times more likely to attempt suicide than their straight peers . And of all American teens who die by suicide , 30 percent are LGBTQ .
According to a 2009 survey by the Gay Lesbian Straight Education Network almost 85 percent of LGBTQ teenagers are harassed in high school , with 61 percent of gay youth reporting that they felt unsafe in school and 30 percent staying home to avoid bullying .
Studies show that when LGBTQ youth know they have adult support – a teacher , nurse , guidance counselor or parent – the young person is much more likely to turn to these adults for help when bullied or depressed . Such support frees youth from feelings of isolation .
In a Huffington Post interview Charles Robbins , executive director and CEO of the Trevor Project , a national organization focused on crisis- and suicide-prevention efforts among LGBTQ youth , said his work is both heartbreaking and heartwarming .
LGBTQ young people need to feel affirmed and worthwhile with a loving family and supportive friends , said Robbins . They also need a school environment where bullying is n't tolerated . These are vital protective factors that are missing from the lives of so many LGBTQ teens , he added .
“ They 're alone ; they 're ostracized ; they 're maligned ; their very being is constantly getting negated , ” said Robbins . “ Being gay does n't make you suicidal . Being picked on , victimized , and constantly devalued makes you suicidal. ” Words do matter and make the lives of LGBTQ kids who get bullied all the time unlivable , he said .
Last month gay rights activist and writer Dan Savage with his partner launched a campaign directed at LGBTQ youth called “ It Gets Better. ” The message is : Whatever you 're experiencing now , be it family rejection , bullying and harassment in schools or even thoughts of suicide , it gets better . The YouTube project began last month and has more than 300,000 viewers and over 135 submissions by gay adults encouraging teenagers to maintain an optimistic outlook .
Activists say federal leadership is required , including passing the Safe Schools Improvement Act , to comprehensively address school bullying , and the Student Non-Discrimination Act , which will prohibit discrimination against students based on sexual orientation , gender identity and expression .
Video by “ It Gets Better ” project :
Photo : A candlelight vigil for Rutgers University freshman Tyler Clementi on the Rutgers campus in New Brunswick , N.J. , Oct. 3 . ( AP/Reena Rose Sibayan )
The incoming Senate Minority Leader told hosts of TV 's CBS This Morning that he is pleased Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R.-Ky. ) supports calls for a congressional investigation into possible Russian tampering in the 2016 presidential election , but he does not want it to become political , like what happened with Benghazi .
“ We do n't want this to turn into a Benghazi investigation , which seems at least to many people highly political–this is serious stuff , ” said Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D.-N.Y. ) , who is now the Senate 's number three Democrat , but on Jan. 3 takes over as his party 's Minority Leader , adding , “ … when a foreign power tries to influence our election , or damage our economy for that matter . ”
Speaking to reporters Monday , McConnell said he would expect the Senate Select Intelligence Committee to take up the matter as part of its jurisdiction and the regular order of the Senate .
Schumer said the problem with the Russians keeps getting worse and that both Republicans and Democrats are coming together to find out exactly what they have been up to .
“ A bipartisan investigation that is not aimed at one instance , but at the broad scope of this is what is needed , ” the senator said .
Recently , members of the president 's national security staff told the Washington Post that they had briefed senators on a CIA assessment that the Russians had participated in the 2016 election process at a closed-door meeting on Capitol Hill . But other media outlets report that the FBI does not share the CIA 's conclusions .
Schumer told the CBS This Morning hosts he has not been briefed about how the Russians were involved in the election and he is eager to find out why the CIA and the FBI disagree . “ We really need to get to the bottom of this . ”
On the House side of the Capitol , Rep. Devin Nunes ( R.-Calif. ) , the chairman of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , said in a statement Monday that his committee would also be looking into the question of what the Russians did or did not do in the 2016 election cycle .
“ The House Intelligence Committee is conducting vigorous oversight of the investigations into election-related cyberattacks . Seeing as cyberattacks , including Russian attacks , have been one of the committee 's top priorities for many years , we 've held extensive briefings and hearings on the topic , ” said Nunes , who is also a member of the executive committee of the president-elect 's transition team .
“ As the FBI , CIA , and other elements of the Intelligence Community continue their investigations into these attacks , the House Intelligence Committee will remain a vigilant monitor of their efforts , ” he said .
Nunes said he was also aware that President Barack Obama has ordered his own investigation into the Russians .
“ We will also closely oversee the production of the report on these attacks requested by President Obama to ensure its analytical integrity , ” the congressman said . “ At this time I do not see any benefit in opening further investigations , which would duplicate the current committee oversight efforts and Intelligence Community inquiries . ”
A 23-year-old man has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison with the final 18 months suspended for dangerous driving causing the death of a 42-year-old cyclist almost three years ago .
A 23-year-old man has been sentenced to six and a half years in prison with the final 18 months suspended for dangerous driving causing the death of a 42-year-old cyclist almost three years ago .
Shane Fitzgerald of Upper Knockeen , Knockduff , Meelin , Co Cork had denied his involvement in the accident which claimed the life of Paud O'Leary , a father of four , at Scrahanfadda , Gneeveguilla , Co Kerry on July 1 , 2012 .
He was also disqualified from driving for 10 years .
Fitzgerald , who left for the UK within 24 hours of the accident , which occurred shortly after 5am after a night out in Killarney , had pleaded not guilty during the trial but later admitted in his probation report he had caused the accident .
Within days of leaving for the UK , he applied for an Australian visa and flew there on July 12 .
Gardai carried out a number of searches of isolated areas , sheds and other places connected to Mr Fitzgerald and his extended family but failed to recover the grey Toyota Land Cruiser he had been driving .
Shane Fitzgerald ( aged 22 in this picture ) from Upper Knockeen , Knockduff , Meelin , Newmarket , Co. Cork
In her victim impact statement read out at the Circuit Criminal Court in Tralee , the victim 's widow Margaret O'Leary said she would never forget the cries of her four children when she told them their dad was dead .
In a harrowing statement , described by Judge Thomas E O'Donnell as one of the `` most powerful '' he had heard , she said : `` They all depended on him so much as he was the head of the family and the authority figure in their home .
Margaret O'Leary , wife of hit-and-run victim Paud O'Leary
Mrs O'Leary said her son Ross was only seven , Paud was nine , Antoinette was almost 12 and Shannon was just 14 .
She said her daughter Antoinette , who has Down Syndrome , turned 12 on July 4 , on the day her father was laid to rest .
Brid and Muiriosa O'Leary , Gneeveguilla , remembering the late Paud O'Leary while participating in the 29th Ring of Kerry charity cycle on Saturday . Credit : Photo by Michelle Cooper Galvin
Mrs O'Leary said her husband had completed the Ring of Kerry Cycle for the past 10 consecutive years before his death for Down Syndrome and to honour his daughter and all children born with a disability .
Judge O'Donnell suspended the last 18 months and backdated it to March .
Online Editors
The Swiss Family Treehouse recently returned from refurbishment . Just the usual . Replace some leaves . Paint some props . Fix that water wheel . Again .
Oh , and somebody — a beautiful , wonderful somebody — added an entirely new scene .
To understand what this means , you have to consider what we 're up against .
Blockbusters in Adventureland
By the time the treehouse arrived in Florida , the movie was already a decade old .
The Swiss Family Treehouse was the only theme park attraction ever built around the highest grossing film of 1960 — Walt Disney 's Swiss Family Robinson . The Swiss Family Treehouse debuted first in Disneyland before graduating to the Magic Kingdom Class of '71 . It would later spread to Tokyo and Paris .
In the 1980s , a kid named Shane discovered Swiss Family Robinson through the magic of home video — pirated home video , actually , since dad was one of the few in town who owned two VCRs .
In the movie , the Robinsons defeated the pirates . In my household , the pirates won . We kept that bootleg tape for years .
My siblings and I know every scene by heart . When our friends the Kirkpatricks would come over , we would play Swiss Family Robinson . Everybody got to be a member of the Robinson clan — except we had an extra girl , so my poor younger sister had to be the monkey .
We convinced our parents to let us go swimming in our jeans because the Robinsons wore pants while sliding down waterfalls . This is also where I learned that swimming in jeans is not at all comfortable .
At some point , budding filmmaker Shane wrote the script to Swiss Family Robinson 2 : The Robinsons ' Cruise . It remains the great lost film of that generation .
Fading Brilliance
By 1999 , the kids who first watched Swiss Family Robinson in movie theaters were now approaching retirement age . Disneyland had a decision to make . It took them half a minute .
The Robinsons moved out . Tarzan moved in .
Unlike when Winnie-the-Pooh evicted Mr. Toad , park fans received the news with a sigh of ambivalence . The only one who seemed bothered by it was a young adult named Shane , who by now had a framed movie poster in his office and still counted Swiss Family Robinson among his all-time favorite movies , right up there with Empire Strikes Back and Raiders of the Lost Ark .
When Hong Kong Disneyland opened in 2005 , it became the first Magic Kingdom-style park not to include the Swiss Family Treehouse . They got the Tarzan version instead .
A few years later , Shane began writing about his love of the Swiss Family Treehouse on a little blog called Parkeology . He discussed throwaway movie references on the Jungle Cruise , declared the Swiss Family Treehouse the definitive Magic Kingdom attraction , and demonstrated why Disneyland 's version was inferior . He even discovered other forgotten scenes from the Treehouse .
In 2015 , Disney legend Kevin Corcoran — who played little Francis in the film — passed away , leaving Tommy Kirk as the last surviving cast member .
The clock has been ticking for decades now . It 's no surprise that corporate Disney is much more interested in red-hot IP like Marvel and Star Wars than a Technicolor classic from the vault that is now almost 60 years old .
With each scheduled refurbishment , the panic intensifies . The walls go up , the Treehouse goes to sleep , and we wonder if it will ever awaken again .
One day , those tarps will come down and in its place will be Anna and Elsa 's Summer Treehouse . Let 's face it . Even Tarzan is 20 years old by now .
The Swiss Family Treehouse Gets a New Scene
Last October , the Treehouse came out from under refurbishment . The Robinsons had survived .
But something was different .
It 's a newly cleared area , just to the right of the Robinsons ' kitchen as you 're leaving the attraction . The new scene incorporates a little waterfall that has always been part of the Treehouse landscape . It appears to be a waiting area for wheelchair guests , while the rest of the party traverses the narrow stairs .
The props must be confusing to the average guest . Just a series of festive flags strung between brightly-striped poles . And right next to it , a bamboo chair adorned with some palm fronds .
Who knows what people think when they see this little set-up ? I heard more than one person refer to it as Jack Sparrow 's throne . The flags are just as puzzling .
It takes a true fan to recognize it .
The Movie Time Forgot
There 's a scene that takes place in the movie where the Robinsons declare the first national holiday in the history of their island . As part of the festivities , they stage a race , with each of the children riding on various exotic animals like elephants , ostriches , and zebras . The monkey ( as played by my sister ) rode the dog .
The family never gets to finish the race because the pirates show up , leading to an exciting third act battle .
Somebody at Imagineering must still love the movie because the new Swiss Family Treehouse scene is straight from the animal race . The chair is the starter 's chair , from which Mother ( Dorothy McGuire ) presides over the race , and which the eldest son Fritz is responsible for decorating the night before .
The striped poles and flags form the starting line . Father and Ernst can be seen stringing them together just before first-grader Francis catches a tiger ( I told you the movie was awesome ) .
After decades of assuming the treehouse was on the chopping black , it is incredible that Disney has actually gone and added more details to it .
And not only have they plussed the attraction , they 've added something that does n't even make sense to the average guest .
It 's not another ingenious water feature like that paddlewheel , which is interesting for its own sake . It 's not a placemaking vignette to reinforce the “ adventurous ” or “ shipwreck ” mood of Adventureland .
Instead , it 's a direct nod to the movie , only recognizable in that context . And even then , it is a painstaking recreation of props that are not even central to the plot . Though they are clearly seen in the movie , the camera is more focused on the animal hijinks than anything to do with an elaborate bamboo chair .
I can hardly believe they 've done it .
Give it a look next time you 're in the Magic Kingdom . The Swiss Family Treehouse could use some more turnstile clicks . And check out Swiss Family Robinson on video . I promise you 'll love it .
Let me know if you need a copy .
TUSCALOOSA , Ala. — ON Tuesday the Supreme Court of Alabama prohibited the state 's probate judges from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . This decision effectively throws down the gauntlet , challenging the federal courts to make earlier federal rulings stick — including last month 's refusal by the United States Supreme Court to stay a federal judge 's decision requiring the state to recognize same-sex marriages . It draws on a disturbing line of thinking in the history of American federalism , one that , were it to gain currency as a model , could compromise our entire system of law .
The court 's position is that under the Constitution , it does not have to follow the rulings of lower federal courts ; in its ruling , it promises to “ defer only to the holdings of the United States Supreme Court. ” ( That said , Chief Justice Roy Moore 's public statements have been more equivocal ; he told a radio host in Birmingham , Ala. , “ It would be a very hard decision , because I know there 's nothing in the U.S. Constitution that authorizes the Supreme Court of the United States or any federal court anywhere to misinterpret the word marriage . ” )
Such extreme states ' rights positions first appeared during an epic battle between the great chief justice John Marshall and Spencer Roane , a member of the Virginia Court of Appeals . The two were bitter political and ideological enemies in the early years of the republic , and Roane had long railed against the authority of the federal Supreme Court over state courts . He repeatedly declined to implement federal decisions with which he disagreed , and refused to recognize the authority of federal courts to review state court rulings . In the end , however , Marshall prevailed .
And yet extreme states ' rights have been asserted more often in political rhetoric than in judicial proceedings . Even in the period of Southern “ massive resistance ” to Brown v. Board of Education , the Supreme Court 's 1954 desegregation decision , state supreme courts did not try to interpose their own interpretations of the Equal Protection Clause or issue conflicting injunctions against state officials to block desegregation orders by lower federal courts ( though some state legislatures did attempt to block Brown 's implementation ) .
Beginning in 2026 , the FIFA World Cup will feature 48 teams fighting to be on top of the soccer world , instead of the usual 32 . Canada is part of the Confederation of North , Central American and Caribbean Association Football ( CONCACAF ) . Canada has only qualified for one World Cup , and that was way back in 1986 , so the expanded playing field could potentially benefit the Canadian national team . Although the event is expanding , still just under one-quarter of the teams that attempt to qualify will actually make it to the big dance .
In the current format , the CONCACAF teams hold just three of the 32 World Cup slots , with the possibility of a fourth team qualifying via playoff with a team from the Asian Football Confederation . Canada has struggled in the CONCACAF qualifying rounds , with nations such as the USA and Mexico dominating . With the expansion to 48 teams , CONCACAF could potentially hold up to six slots for the 2026 tournament . You do n't have to be good at math to see that Canada has a better shot at qualifying with six slots available , compared to just three .
Canada has n't reached the final stage of CONCACAF qualification , also known as the Hex , since 1998 . The Hex is where the top six teams in the region compete for the final World Cup spots . The United States , Costa Rica , and Mexico have qualified for every single Hex , showing their dominance in the CONCACAF . With the expansion of the World Cup , it seems that the teams that make the Hex would have a better chance to qualify for the big games . Since Canada has n't qualified for the Hex since the 20th century , it is likely that the Canadians will miss out on the World Cup if they ca n't make it to the Hex . However , the Canadian men 's national team is on the rise .
The team 's future
There is some promising up and coming young talent that Canadian teams could field in the future . A player such as Cyle Larin , who participated in Canada 's latest attempt to qualify for the World Cup , is only 21 years old and should be a major part of the team moving forward . Larin scored 14 goals in 32 games during his 2016 campaign for Orlando City in the MLS . Also , Winnipeg natives Marco Bustos and Kianz Froese are both currently playing for the Vancouver Whitecaps and were invited to the 2016 men 's national camp . Just starting out their young careers , Bustos only played three games for the Whitecaps in 2016 , and Froese only played in five , but both were able to find the back of the net once . Canada may be growing some young stars that could lead them to a 2026 World Cup berth , or maybe even earlier .
Plan B
Qualifying through competition is not the only way that Canada could find themselves in the 2026 World Cup , as they are one of the nations currently favoured to host the event . By rule , European teams are unable to host due to hosting the 2018 games in Russia , and Asian countries are also off the table , as Qatar will play host to the 2022 games . European nations will only be able to host if teams from the other regions are unable to submit a successful bid . There are other nations that could host in 2026 , but the latest reports have CONCACAF associations co-hosting the event . As of now Canada , USA , and Mexico are all linked to the 2026 games , and if Canada successfully becomes a host country , then they will make a rare World Cup appearance as they would automatically qualify as a host .
Early Friday morning , John McCain , Susan Collins , and Lisa Murkowski killed a last-ditch and particularly troublesome attempt to repeal Obamacare . And though they deserve credit for their votes , it 's a mistake to anoint them heroes . We are setting the bar abysmally low if making the only sane , humane choice is considered heroic ; and these senators have not shown that they are allies in the fight to expand the American safety net—in fact , quite the opposite .
Obamacare 's real saviors have been dragged out of wheelchairs , arrested , and assaulted for weeks . They are , as you would expect , the people who stand to lose the most if Obamacare is repealed . They are people with disabilities : activists associated with ADAPT , and the unaffiliated individuals and carers who came forward to share their experiences and to demand better from the GOP .
Disability rights activists are accustomed to radical direct action . They used activism to pass the Americans with Disabilities Act and to achieve greater parity in public life—at institutions like Gallaudet University , for example , which despite being a school for the deaf and hard-of-hearing did not have a deaf president until students staged a week-long protest in 1988 . And throughout this year 's health care debate , people with disabilities worked with able-bodied activists to stage the sort of spectacle necessary to cut through the endless spectacle produced by Donald Trump 's White House . They 've made it much more difficult for so-called “ moderate Republicans ” to carry out Mitch McConnell 's latest assault on health care .
It is difficult to overstate the stakes of this fight . People already die needless deaths in this country because they can not afford health care access—and that 's with Obamacare on the books . The New York Post reports that last night in New York City , a couple jumped to their deaths because they could no longer bear health care costs :
“ Patricia and I had everything in life , ” the note read as it touched on the couple 's “ financial spiral ” and how “ we can not live with ” the “ financial reality. ” The source added that a line of the note contained words to the effect : “ 'We both have medical issues , we just ca n't afford the health care . ' ”
They left two children behind . Meanwhile , political theater churns on . It is tempting to elevate heroes from the muck . But the real heroes were outside the Capitol , waiting , while John McCain urged reporters to “ watch the show ” he had prepared .
U.S. stocks rebounded in a volatile session on Friday , while the dollar cut losses and bond yields rose to session highs , as reports emerged U.S. President Donald Trump fired his controversial chief strategist Steve Bannon .
Continue Reading Below
President Donald Trump fired chief strategist Steve Bannon on Friday , the White House announced , ending the turbulent tenure of a rabble-rousing conservative media entrepreneur and political activist who was a darling of Trump 's base .
`` There 's a lot of hopeful people thinking that , you know what , he has been a divisive figure in the White House , '' said Peter Costa , President of Empire Executions . `` Getting rid of him might be a good deal for the president . ”
Gold turned negative after the reports , which seemed to turn investor focus away from uncertainty over Trump policy and nerves over terrorist attacks in Spain .
Trump has alienated Republican colleagues , corporate leaders and overseas allies this week with several controversial comments after violence related to a white nationalist protest in Virginia last weekend .
His criticism of removals of U.S. Confederate monuments that celebrate defenders of slavery sent shivers through markets as investors bet that the stance would hurt Trump 's ability to build enough consensus to deliver growth boosts such as tax reform and stimulus spending .
Advertisement
`` It appears they 've gotten so bogged down in the politics of Confederate monuments , everybody thinks they 're incapable of delivering meaningful change , '' said Bruce McCain , chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank in Cleveland .
Months of relatively low volatility did not help .
`` We 've been overly complacent for an extended period of time , and the normal anxieties in the market are beginning to reawaken , '' said McCain .
Ticker Security Last Change % Chg SPY SPDR S & P 500 ETF 279.34 -0.18 -0.06 % QQQ INVESCO QQQ NASDAQ 100 173.70 +0.18 +0.10 % DIA SPDR DOW JONES INDUS AVG ETF TR SER ' 1 ' UNITS OF BEN INT NPV 260.54 -0.35 -0.13 %
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 20.73 points , or 0.1 percent , to 21,771.46 , the S & P 500 gained 7.13 points , or 0.29 percent , to 2,437.14 and the Nasdaq Composite added 26.79 points , or 0.43 percent , to 6,248.70 .
U.S. consumer sentiment rebounded in early August from an eight-month low in July , reflecting confidence in the economic outlook and personal finances .
The dollar index .DXY fell 0.13 percent , with the euro up 0.25 percent to $ 1.1752 .
The Japanese yen strengthened 0.10 percent versus the greenback at 109.48 per dollar . The dollar had hit its lowest point in a week against the yen earlier in the session .
Benchmark 10-year notes US10YT=RR last fell 3/32 in price to yield 2.2062 percent , from 2.197 percent late on Thursday .
Spot gold XAU= dropped 0.1 percent to $ 1,285.97 an ounce to the highest since last November XAU= and on track for its second week of gains .
Oil prices rose as the stock market strengthened and the U.S. dollar weakened , though investors remained worried about the global oil glut .
U.S. crude CLcv1 rose 2.8 percent to $ 48.41 per barrel and Brent LCOcv1 was last at $ 52.59 , up 3.06 percent on the day .
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index lost 0.73 percent and MSCI 's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS shed 0.08 percent . Investors had reacted a terrorist attack in Barcelona by selling shares in airlines . Madrid shares fell 0.8 percent .
When it comes to sex , it seems that rats - like men - get turned on by sexy lingerie .
In a bizarre study , 12 virgin male rats were given the chance to have sex with female rats wearing special rodent 'bras . '
When the rats were allowed to mate for a second time , the creatures chose to have sex with female rats wearing lingerie , rather than those who were naked .
Scroll down for video
Sex appeal : In a bizarre study , 12 virgin male rats were allowed to have sex with female rats wearing special rodent 'bras ' ( pictured ) . When the rats were given the chance to mate again , the creatures chose to have sex with female rats wearing the lingerie , rather than those who were naked
The study , by Concordia University in Montreal , suggests that , like men , male rats can learn to associate sex with clothing .
Male rats learn that 'each time my partner wears lingerie [ a jacket ] , I 'm going to have sex , ' co-author Gonzalo R. Quintana Zunino told Tanya Lewis at Live Science .
Professor Zunino explained that when a male rat attempts to have sex , it approaches the female from behind , which causes the female to do a 'wiggling dance ' .
The study found that if the female rat was wearing the lingerie , the male rat would feel it with his whiskers .
'Wiggling dance ' : Professor Zunino explained that when male rats attempts to have sex , the approach the female from behind , which causes the female to do a wriggling dance
SMART MICE ARE CREATED WITH 'HALF HUMAN ' BRAINS Mice injected with human brain cells grow to have 'half human brains ' that make them smarter than other rodents , scientists have found . Researchers claim that giving mouse pups a type of immature human brain cell , known as glial cells , caused their brains to grow differently so they became more human-like . These human glial cells , which are the support cells of the brain providing it with structure and nutrients , multiplied and grew to replace a similar type of cell in the brains of the mice . While the mice still had their own neurons - the cells that transmit and store information in the brain - the support cells were almost entirely human , according the University of Rochester in New York . Tests in these mice showed that they appeared to have better memories than those that did not have these hybrid brains . It is thought the human cells improved the efficiency of the mice brains .
In a second test , virgin males were exposed to both sexually receptive females wearing the jackets and non-sexually receptive females not wearing jackets .
These males were then exposed to two sexually-aroused female rats , one in a 'bra ' and one naked , at the same time .
More of the males ejaculated sooner when mating with the female rats wearing the sexy lingerie .
After they conducted the study , the researchers injected a dye into the rats ' brains to show the inner workings .
They found that the males trained to find bra-wearing females attractive showed more neural activity in the pleasure centre of the brain .
The same research team had previously carried out a study with the use of scents , and found they could train rats to prefer to mate with females wearing perfume .
'We have the same brain structure and neurochemistry as our rats , ' Dr Jim Pfaus , a professor in the psychology department at the university , told Ed Mazza at the Huffington Post .
'We can see this in studies of brain activation in humans and rats , even though our patterns of copulation appear utterly different . '
The study was presented last month at the Society for Neuroscience 's annual meeting in Washington .
Strike a pose : The males were exposed to two sexually-aroused , one in a 'bra ' and one naked . More of the males ejaculated sooner with the female wearing the sexy lingerie
Star Trek 's Doctor Karl Urban Will Be The New Judge Dredd By Josh Tyler Random Article Blend Star Trek doctor that he 's almost unrecognizable as Karl Urban . So should he show up as say , Judge Dredd , you wo n't look at the screen and wonder “ hey why is Bones shooting people ? ” That 's an obstacle DeForest Kelly was never really able to overcome as McCoy . His portrayal was brilliant and utterly iconic , but ultimately there was a lot of him in Bones . Seeing him on screen as anyone else seemed almost impossible .
So now it looks like Karl Urban really might be playing the previously mentioned , potentially iconic Judge Dredd and that 's fine by me . He
Because Urban is the kind of actor who so transforms himself to take on the part , he 's also ok with not showing his face in the film . In the comics , Judge Dredd keeps his helmet on and in a recent interview with
The last time we saw Judge Dredd on screen it was 1995 and he was played by Sylvester Stallone . The movie was a flop , a failure , and the punchline of far too many jokes . The next time you hear someone grunt “ I am the law ! ” , Judge Dredd 's trademark catchphrase , odds are it 'll be said with sarcastic derision and not affection . This new version , set to start filming this fall , was written by 28 Days Later writer Alex Garland and promises to take the material more seriously . Casting Urban , a talented actor with a gift for physical , demanding action is definitely a step in the right direction . The great thing about Karl Urban as Dr. McCoy is that the New Zealand actor so transformed himself to play the lanky , southerndoctor that he 's almost unrecognizable as Karl Urban . So should he show up as say , Judge Dredd , you wo n't look at the screen and wonder “ hey why is Bones shooting people ? ” That 's an obstacle DeForest Kelly was never really able to overcome as McCoy . His portrayal was brilliant and utterly iconic , but ultimately there was a lot of him in Bones . Seeing him on screen as anyone else seemed almost impossible.So now it looks like Karl Urban really might be playing the previously mentioned , potentially iconic Judge Dredd and that 's fine by me . He confirmed that he 's not only in contention to star in a reboot of the futuristic , lawgiving comic book character , but that he actually has the part.Because Urban is the kind of actor who so transforms himself to take on the part , he 's also ok with not showing his face in the film . In the comics , Judge Dredd keeps his helmet on and in a recent interview with Movline , before finalizing his deal , he told them he 'd be keeping Dredd 's mask on . He explains , `` Dredd is enigmatic , the faceless representative of justice . His prevailing attitudes , his strength of moral character , and the strength of his actions are what speak volumes for that character . `` The last time we saw Judge Dredd on screen it was 1995 and he was played by Sylvester Stallone . The movie was a flop , a failure , and the punchline of far too many jokes . The next time you hear someone grunt “ I am the law ! ” , Judge Dredd 's trademark catchphrase , odds are it 'll be said with sarcastic derision and not affection . This new version , set to start filming this fall , was written bywriter Alex Garland and promises to take the material more seriously . Casting Urban , a talented actor with a gift for physical , demanding action is definitely a step in the right direction . Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Advertisement 2 arrested in connection with fatal Tennessee fire Pair being held in a juvenile detention center Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Authorities have charged two juveniles for starting a Tennessee wildfire that killed 14 people . Officials in Tennessee announced Wednesday that two juveniles have been charged in connection with the east Tennessee wildfires . The blazes also destroyed or damaged more than 1,700 buildings . The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation , local District Attorney General James Dunn and Great Smoky Mountains National Park officials announced charges at a news conference Wednesday . Dunn said the juveniles face aggravated arson charges for the fire in the Chimney Tops area of Great Smoky Mountains National Park on Nov. 23 . The fire spread to the Gatlinburg area , causing widespread damage . They 're being held in the Sevier County juvenile detention center . They said the juveniles are from Tennessee , but not Sevier County . Officials said state law prevents releasing more information about them . The investigation is ongoing and more charges could come . They said it 's possible they would move the case into adult courts . Additional charges are being considered , Fourth District Attorney General Jimmy Dunn said , including the possibility of seeking a transfer to adult criminal court , CNN reported . At the news conference , Mark Gwyn , director of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation , told victims of the fire , “ We stand with you , and are committed to seeing justice served in this case. ” He said every effort is being made to help bring closure to “ those who lost so much. ” Dunn explained that under state law , specific information can not be released because the suspects are juveniles . Dunn said the suspects were arrested Wednesday morning . He said they are not from Sevier County , but they are residents of Tennessee . He could not confirm their ages or gender . He said additional charges are being considered , and there is the possibility that they could be transferred to the adult court system . He said at this point “ everything is on the table. ” Dunn said the fire was started Nov. 23 in the Chimney Tops area of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and spread into Gatlinburg . Google Maps show Chimney Tops is about nine miles away from Gatlinburg . The suspects are entitled to a hearing within 72 hours of their arrest at which a judge will decide whether they will be held without bond , have bond set or be released , Dunn said . They are currently being held in the Sevier County Juvenile Detention Facility . National Park Chief Ranger Steve Kloster said information received from the public via a tip line was critical in giving investigators direction . He said state and national agencies joined local agencies in the investigation on Nov. 28 because of the large area of the fires . The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , the National Park Service and the Sevier County Sheriff 's Office are all continuing to investigate the fire . In response to several questions asked by reporters after the news conference , Dunn reiterated that he is limited in what he can say because the suspects are juveniles . The death toll in the Gatlinburg fire was 14 , Sevier County Mayor Larry Waters said . Waters said one of the victims had a heart attack while trying to escape the fire . Waters said at least 85 people were injured in the fires and at least 1,000 structures were burned .
Get the biggest rugby stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
Cardiff Blues have signed Argentine Test winger Lucas Amorosino .
The 37-times capped Puma spent two seasons with Leicester before heading for France where he has had spells with Montpellier and Oyannax .
Now the 28-year-old , who can also play at full-back , is on his way to the Arms Park to bolster the Blues back division .
He is the latest international recruit for the Welsh region , who have signed up the likes of Adam Jones , Jarrad Hoeata , Josh Turnbull , Manoa Vosawai , Tavis Knoyle and Craig Mitchell in recent months .
They will be further boosted by the imminent arrival of Welsh-qualified Kiwi outside-half Gareth Anscombe , who will come on board next month once he completes his ITM Cup commitments with Auckland .
On the signing of Amorosino , Blues Director of Rugby Mark Hammett said : `` We 're really pleased Lucas will join up with the squad in the coming weeks . He has a lot of international experience and can play on the wing or at full back so he certainly strengthens our options .
`` Lucas is contracted to us until the end of the season and there is an opportunity to extend that for longer if we feel it is a good fit for both of us .
`` Paul John has looked at him closely and we feel he can be a real success at Blues . I know that Lucas is also determined to take this opportunity and we look forward to his arrival . ''
More Cardiff Blues news ...
Cardiff Blues ' Adam Thomas happy to be thrown in at deep end after whirlwind year
Leinster 37-23 Cardiff Blues . Blues restore pride with gutsy display but defending Pro12 champions come out on top
On joining the Blues , Amorosino , known as Speedy due to his middle name Gonzalez , added : `` I 'm delighted to be joining a region with such a strong and proud history . Firstly I would like to thank Mark Hammett and Richard Holland for giving me this opportunity .
`` I will be working hard to repay the faith they have shown in me and give the fans of Cardiff Blues some great performances to enjoy . ''
Amorosino . who checks in at 6ft 1in and 13st 12lbs , made his Test debut against England in the summer of 2009 ahead of joining Leicester after a trial period .
He made an instant impression with the Tigers , scoring four tries in his first six matches , including two in the opening two rounds of the Heineken Cup .
After playing for Argentina in the 2011 Rugby World Cup , he linked up with Montpellier , making 34 appearances for them in two seasons before switching to Oyonnax .
The Test star said : `` I am looking forward to joining my new team-mates and settling into life in Cardiff . I know the region has a lot of top quality international players and there is great ambition to achieve success together .
`` I hope to play my part and to give the fans the success they deserve . I 'm excited by the challenge of returning to the United Kingdom to play my rugby and I can not wait to get started . ''
Download our App : It 's totally free to download - simply click here to download to your iOS device , or click here to download it if you 're on Android
Journalists were treated to an early look at the Marvel Studios film ahead of its May 5 release .
Marvel Studios unveiled Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 for a group of press Monday night , and the first social media actions are flying in .
Official reviews do n't come out until April 24 , but journalists are allowed to share spoiler-free reactions — a sign of how confident Disney and Marvel are in the sequel . ( Guardians 2 earned an extremely rare 100 percent in a test screening in February . )
Hours before the screening , director James Gunn announced on Facebook he would be returning for more Guardians as writer and director of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 3 .
Guardians 2 once again follows the adventures of Star-Lord ( Chris Pratt ) , Gamora ( Zoe Saldana ) , Drax ( Dave Bautista ) , Rocket ( Bradley Cooper ) and Baby Groot ( Vin Diesel ) . The film also stars Michael Rooker , Sean Gunn and Kurt Russell as Star-Lord 's father , Ego .
The Marvel film opens May 5 .
Here are some of the early reactions :
Do n't think I 've heard so much laughter at a press screening . People seemed to really be digging Guardians Vol . 2 . Ca n't say more ( yet ) — Aaron Couch ( @ AaronCouch ) April 18 , 2017
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL . 2 is exciting , funny , gorgeous & a helluva tearjerker . For many , it will become their new favorite Marvel movie pic.twitter.com/Po4ZOSPs8Q — ErikDavis ( @ ErikDavis ) April 18 , 2017
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL 2 is a lot of fun . Action-packed & even more classic '70s/early '80s music cues . — Anna Klassen ( @ AnnaJKlassen ) April 18 , 2017
Damn . I loved Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 . @ JamesGunn is a hero and surprise faces steal the show . — Brandon Davis ( @ BrandonDavisBD ) April 18 , 2017
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL 2. is very fun . Takes the EMPIRE `` split up your characters '' strategy . Drax is a hoot . Baby Groot steals the show — Mike Ryan ( @ mikeryan ) April 18 , 2017
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 is filled with tons of surprises and an unexpected amount of emotion . Another Marvel winner . — Germain Lussier ( @ GermainLussier ) April 18 , 2017
Holy smokes was Guardians of the Galaxy , Vol 2 fun ! I had a smile plastered on my face nearly the whole time . Tons of Easter eggs too . pic.twitter.com/558Q7nw8yN — Dan Casey ( @ DanCasey ) April 18 , 2017
Had tons of fun with Guardians of the Galaxy 2 . Incredibly funny , beautifully colorful , and great continuations of the heroes . Super happy ! — ( ( ( Eric Eisenberg ) ) ) ( @ eeisenberg ) April 18 , 2017
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol . 2 is funnier than the original , a ton of surprises , and an unexpected emotional profoundness . I am Groot . — Peter Sciretta ( @ slashfilm ) April 18 , 2017
I say without hyperbole : # GotGVol2 is MCU at its very best . Grand adventure with intimate stakes . Uses every damn color in the crayon box . — Angie J. Han ( @ ajhan ) April 18 , 2017
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY 2 kept a smile on my face from beginning to end . Funny , action packed , emotional , and tons of surprises . Thumbs up . pic.twitter.com/aIz7Redwin — Steven Weintraub ( @ colliderfrosty ) April 18 , 2017
I got this one commissioned a couple of months ago , but I could n't show until now ! It was only visible for my patrons . And I really wanted to share this one , because I 'm quite happy with the final result . Also , my first time making a plush with a sewing machine ! I hope you like it ! Thanks for your comments ands ! ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
I had planned on starting this post with , “ Since moving away from California… ” , but then I realized that not only would that be a bit too cliche , but it 'd also be my 1000th time reminiscing with those exact words . So let 's try this instead .. Do you know those hot , Mexican , pickled carrots that light your ass on fire ? And no , I 'm not talking about the semi-sweet carrots that you 'd find at Baja Fresh . These hot and tangy taquería-style carrots are crunchy and a great condiment or side for any south of the border dish . This recipe is straight from Kevin West 's Saving the Season . For those of you who do n't have a copy of the book , I 've attached the recipe below . I know the preparation looks pretty involved , but I assure you all the chopping and peeling is well worth it for these picante pickled carrots .
Rarely do I pickle something so deserving of my Weck jars . Typically I give much of what I can away to friends and pickle enthusiasts , but because I currently only own 7 of these Weck beauties , whatever goes into them is for me and me only . On another Weck note , I recently learned a neat trick about the orange pull tabs . After canning , the little orange tab that sticks out should be turned down , if this tab flips up , it 's a sign that your goods may have spoiled or the seal has become loose .
A young man has given a lonely widower the trip of a lifetime after responding to his Gumtree ad search for a fishing buddy to replace his friend who died .
Mati Batsinilas , from Brisbane , saw Ray Johnstone 's heartbreaking viral ad shared on Facebook and quickly got in touch , offering to take the 75-year-old fishing at Moreton Bay in Queensland .
Mr Batsinilas stuck to his word and on Monday the pair managed to reel in a number of massive whiting at Stradbroke Island after Mr Johnstone flew from Adelaide for the week .
The fast friends snapped multiple selfies and Mr Johnstone was pictured beaming as they boarded the boat and set sail .
A lonely widower has had his dream fulfilled by a young man after he posted an ad to Gumtree in search of a fishing buddy
Mati Batsinilas , from Brisbane , saw Ray Johnstone 's heartbreaking viral ad shared on Facebook and quickly got in touch , offering to take the 75-year-old fishing at Stradbroke Island ( pictured )
The fishing buddies have already organised a second outing , with Mr Batsinilas hoping to take Mr Johnstone four-wheel-driving to catch beachworms on Wednesday , The ABC reported .
Mr Johnstone was flown to Brisbane for the all-expenses-paid fishing expedition and will return home to Adelaide later in the week .
' I offered him a holiday away — and not just for fishing , but to get away and relax , ' Mr Batsinilas said .
' I said from the beginning to Ray that we would get there and that I would commit to it and do it . '
Mr Batsinilas said the weather was perfect for their outing and said it was incredible to see the elderly man smile .
On Tuesday , the 22-year-old angler posted a photo of himself , Mr Johnstone and his entire family and thanked the public for the 'kind words ' .
' I just want to thank everyone for their kind words and remind you all that this was a family effort , not just mine , ' he wrote .
Elderly widower Ray Johnstone found a fishing buddy to replace a deceased friend after his heartbreaking Gumtree ad went viral
He posted on the online classifieds site last week seeking a fellow lonely angler to enjoy regular days out in waters around Adelaide
On Tuesday , the 22-year-old angler posted a photo of himself , Mr Johnstone and his entire family and thanked the public for the 'kind words '
The former toolmaker and quality control officer said he usually went fishing from land and had all the gear , but was happy to head out on the water
Mr Johnstone posted on the online classifieds site last week seeking a fellow lonely angler .
'What I want is a fishing mate in a similar position to myself who also wants someone to go fishing with , ' he wrote .
The former toolmaker and quality control officer said he usually went fishing from land and had all the gear , but was happy to head out on the water .
He even offered to pay all the ramp fees if his new mate had a boat , in addition to splitting petrol , bait and other costs .
Mr Johnstone 's ad , including a photo of himself and picturesque shots of his favourite fishing spots , was viewed more than 15,000 times .
The great-grandfather of nine left his contact details so potential buddies could organise to meet up and 'see if we could get along with each other ' .
The great-grandfather left his contact details so potential buddies could organise to meet up and 'see if we could get along with each other '
Mr Johnstone 's ad , including a photo of himself and picturesque shots of his favourite fishing spots , was viewed more than 15,000 times
Media playback is not supported on this device FA Cup : Sutton Utd 2-1 Cheltenham highlights
Roarie Deacon 's late winner helped non-league Sutton United beat League Two side Cheltenham Town in the FA Cup second round .
After an even first 30 minutes , Danny Wright tapped in from James Dayton 's free-kick to put the Robins in front .
But Tubbs levelled after the restart , latching onto Maxime Biamou 's header and slotting in from 10 yards out .
Robert Dickie headed against the bar for the Robins late on , before Deacon fired in to win the game in added time .
Sutton have won just one of their past eight games in the National League - including a 6-0 home defeat by Dover on Tuesday - but Deacon 's late heroics earned them a place in third round for the first time in 22 years .
The U 's have twice gone even further in the competition , reaching the fourth round in 1970 , and again in 1989 after they famously beat First Division Coventry City in round three .
They will receive £27,000 for getting through the second round , and could earn a lucrative tie with Premier League or Championship opposition when the third round draw takes place on Monday .
Over the past couple of weeks we 've used an election-style model to gauge which films , directors and performers have the best shot at an Oscar . Finally , tonight 's the big event : the 87th Academy Awards .
The Oscars are tricky to predict for a number of reasons , the main one being that — compared to election forecasting or sports prognostications — it 's very difficult to get relevant data ; the awards are determined by the views of a small , tight-knit group of voters . No one polls them . The model we 're using is pretty simple , and we 're trying not to overfit it . Its predictions in the best picture category would have been right 80 percent of the time over the past 25 years . That 's all right , but it also means it was wrong 1-in-5 tries . ( Get a more detailed description of how our Oscar model works . )
Still , if you want to watch the Oscars using the best data and stats available , you 've come to the right place .
FiveThirtyEight 's odds
Richard Linklater is favored to win the best director for “ Boyhood , ” but Alejandro G. Iñárritu , who directed “ Birdman , ” is a very close second . This is definitely a race to watch .
As for the performing awards , most have a heavy favorite . Julianne Moore is probably going to win the best actress .
J.K. Simmons is leagues ahead for best supporting actor .
And Patricia Arquette 's performance in “ Boyhood ” has her as a frontrunner in the best supporting actress category .
There 's really only one competitive race in the main performing categories : the best actor . Eddie Redmayne is leading the pack for his role as Stephen Hawking in “ The Theory of Everything , ” but there 's no reason to count Michael Keaton out for his performance in “ Birdman . ”
The best actor race is close , but the fight for best picture is where the real action is . Our model has “ Birdman ” and “ Boyhood ” as the two heavy favorites , with the former in the lead . But this is a tight race , one of the closest in the last 25 years . And in such cases , funny things can happen , like surprise winners from the middle of the pack . This is n't likely , but it 's absolutely possible .
If you 're hunting for an upset — looking at you , die-hard “ American Sniper ” fans — your preferred film might need to pull off something unprecedented . If “ American Sniper , ” “ Selma , ” “ The Grand Budapest Hotel , ” “ The Theory of Everything ” or “ Whiplash ” wins , it would be the single most unlikely upset in the past quarter-century .
The betting markets
According to Oddschecker ( as of Saturday evening ) , most bookies have “ Birdman ” at 4-9 odds and “ Boyhood ” at 11-8 for best picture . Keep in mind that if you turn those odds into percentages , they 're inflated a bit — the house makes money because all the odds summed add up to a little more than 100 percent . So 4-9 odds mean the house expects “ Birdman ” to win 9 out of 13 times , and 11-8 odds mean bookies expect “ Boyhood ” to win 8 out of 19 . Main takeaway : The money is on “ Birdman . ”
With the best director award , it 's tighter . Iñárritu is favored , but it 's really close . The same goes for best actor : Redmayne is looking at 1-4 odds , according to most oddsmakers .
As we 'd expect , the odds are off the charts in the best actress and supporting categories . Julianne Moore is 1-50 or 1-100 to win , according to most bookies . It 's slightly tighter for supporting actor , but Simmons way out in front of the pack , as is Arquette .
Downstream , “ Citizenfour ” is the favorite to win the best documentary , “ The Grand Budapest Hotel ” to win the best original screenplay , and “ The Imitation Game ” to win best adapted screenplay ( though “ Whiplash ” still has a solid shot ) . “ How To Train Your Dragon 2 ” is favored to win best animated feature , and “ Glory ” from “ Selma ” is ahead by a similar margin to take the best original song .
Maybe there 's a way we have n't come up with to get inside the Academy 's head , but that 's about the best we 're going to do when it comes to predictions . We 'll look at how we and the oddsmakers did after the last statue is doled out .
Odds and ends
If you 're craving still more statistical analysis of Hollywood 's big dance , we have some recommended reading :
`` The Samaritans '' redirects here . For the ethnoreligious group , see Samaritans . For other uses , see Samaritan ( disambiguation )
Not to be confused with Samaritan 's Purse
Samaritans is a registered charity aimed at providing emotional support to anyone in emotional distress , struggling to cope , or at risk of suicide throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland , often through their telephone helpline . Although Samaritans is a secular organisation , the name is derived from the Biblical Parable of the Good Samaritan . [ 6 ]
Its international network exists under the name Befrienders Worldwide , which is part of the Volunteer Emotional Support Helplines ( VESH ) with Lifeline International and the International Federation of Telephone Emergency Services ( IFOTES ) .
History [ edit ]
Samaritans was founded in 1953 by Chad Varah , a vicar in the Church of England Diocese of London . His inspiration came from an experience he had had some years earlier as a young curate in the Diocese of Lincoln . He had taken a funeral for a girl of fourteen who had killed herself because she feared she had contracted an STD . In reality , she was menstruating . [ 7 ] Varah placed an advertisement in a newspaper encouraging people to volunteer at his church , listening to people contemplating suicide . [ 8 ]
The movement grew rapidly : within ten years there were 40 branches and now there are 201 branches across the UK and Ireland helping many , deliberately organised without regard to national boundaries on the basis that a service which is not political or religious should not recognise sectarian or political divisions . [ 9 ] Samaritans offers support through over 21,200 trained volunteers ( 2015 ) and is entirely dependent on voluntary support . The name was not originally chosen by Chad Varah : it was part of a headline to an article in the Daily Mirror newspaper on 7 December 1953 about Varah 's work . [ 10 ]
In 2004 , Samaritans announced that volunteer numbers had reached a thirty-year low , and launched a campaign to recruit more young people ( specifically targeted at ages 18–24 ) to become volunteers . The campaign was fronted by Phil Selway , drummer with the band Radiohead , himself a Samaritans volunteer .
Chad Varah breaks with Samaritans [ edit ]
In 2004 , Varah announced that he had become disillusioned with Samaritans . He said , `` It 's no longer what I founded . I founded an organisation to offer help to suicidal or equally desperate people . The last elected chairman re-branded the organisation . It was no longer to be an emergency service , it was to be emotional support '' . [ 11 ] One in five calls to Samaritans are from someone with suicidal feelings . [ 12 ] Samaritans ' vision is that fewer people will die by suicide . [ 13 ]
Services [ edit ]
The core of Samaritans ' work is a telephone helpline , operating 24 hours a day , 365 days a year . Samaritans was the first 24-hour telephone helpline to be set up in the UK . In addition , the organisation offers a drop-in service for face-to-face discussion , undertakes outreach at festivals and other outdoor events , trains prisoners as `` Listeners '' to provide support within prisons , and undertakes research into suicide and emotional health issues .
Since 1994 , Samaritans has also offered confidential email support . Initially operating from one branch , the service is now provided by 198 branches and co-ordinated from the organisation 's head office . In 2011 , Samaritans received over 206,000 emails , including many from outside the UK , and aims to answer each one within twelve hours . In 2009 , Ofcom introduced the first harmonised European numbers for harmonised services of social value , [ 14 ] allocating 116 123 to Samaritans . This number is free to call from mobiles and landlines . From 22 September 2015 , Samaritans has promoted 116123 as their main number , replacing the premium rate 0845 number previously advertised .
In 2014 , Samaritans received 5,100,000 calls for help—almost one every six seconds—by phone , email , text , letter , minicom , Typetalk , face-to-face at a branch , through their work in prisons , and at local and national festivals and other events . [ 15 ]
Samaritans volunteers are given rigorous training , and as such they are non-judgmental , empathic and congruent . By listening and asking open questions , the Samaritans volunteers help people explore their feelings and work out their own way forward .
Samaritan does not denounce suicide , and it is not necessary to be suicidal to contact Samaritans . In 2014 , nearly 80 % of the people calling Samaritans did not express suicidal feelings . [ 15 ] Samaritans believes that offering people the opportunity to be listened to in confidence , and accepted without prejudice , can alleviate despair and make emotional health a mainstream issue .
Media guidelines [ edit ]
In 2013 , following extensive consultation with journalists and editors throughout the industry , Samaritans produced a set of guidelines outlining best practice when reporting suicide . Since its publication , the organisation has received many awards in recognition of its work influencing the way in which suicide is reported .
Samaritans Radar [ edit ]
On 29 October 2014 , Samaritans launched the Samaritans Radar app , which Twitter users could activate to analyse tweets posted by people they followed ; it sent an email alert to the user if it detected signs of distress in a tweet . However , because Twitter users were not notified that their account was being monitored in this way , concerns were raised that the service could be abused by stalkers and internet trolls , who would instantly be made aware that an intended victim was potentially feeling vulnerable .
Following concerns , the service was suspended on 7 November 2014 , nine days after launch . Joe Ferns , policy director for Samaritans , said in a statement : `` We have made the decision to suspend the application at this time for further consideration '' . He added : `` We are very aware that the range of information and opinion , which is circulating about Samaritans Radar , has created concern and worry for some people and would like to apologise to anyone who has inadvertently been caused any distress . This was not our intention '' . [ 16 ] [ 17 ] The app was later withdrawn completely . [ 18 ]
Confidentiality [ edit ]
Samaritans have a strict code of caller confidentiality , even after the death of a caller . Unless the caller gives consent to pass on information , confidentiality will be broken only in rare circumstances , such as when Samaritans receive bomb or terrorism warnings , to call an ambulance because a caller appears to be incapable of making rational decisions for him or herself , or when the caller is threatening volunteers or deliberately preventing the service being delivered to other callers . [ 19 ]
In November 2011 , the Board of Trustees UK agreed a motion breaking with confidentiality in the Republic of Ireland by agreeing , “ To provide confidential support to children but report to the Health Service Executive any contacts ( from either adults or children ) where it appears a child is experiencing specific situations such as those that can cause them serious harm from themselves or others. ” In 2011 , Facebook collaborated with Samaritans to offer help to people in distress . This led to 'cold case ' calling , which some believed was an infringement on people 's privacy . An Irish journalist wrote of her experience of receiving such a communication . [ 20 ]
International reach [ edit ]
Through its email service , Samaritans ' work has extended well beyond the UK and Ireland , as messages are received from all around the world .
Samaritans ' international reach is through Befrienders Worldwide , an organisation of over 400 centres in 38 countries offering similar activities . Samaritans took on and renamed the Befrienders International network in 2003 , a year after it collapsed . Some members of Befrienders Worldwide also use the name Samaritans ; this includes centres in the United States , India , Hong Kong , Serbia and Zimbabwe , among others .
The Volunteer Emotional Support Helplines ( VESH ) combines Samaritans ( through Befrienders Worldwide ) with the other two largest international services ( IFOTES & Lifeline ) , and plans a combined international network of helplines . In their roles as emotional support service networks , they have all agreed to develop a more effective and robust international interface .
See also :
Similar charities [ edit ]
A number of other helplines exist that offer a similar service to Samaritans . These are often aimed at a specific sector/group of people .
One example is Nightline—student-run listening and information services , based at universities across the country , offer a night time support service for students . Each service is run specifically for students at a particular university/geographical area , and most Nightlines are members of the Nightline Association , a registered charity in England and Wales .
The NSPCC 's ChildLine service is similar to Samaritans in some ways . NSPCC ( National Service of Prevention of Cruelty to Children ) offers support for children only , but Samaritans supports both children and adults alike . The NSPCC does not usually support adults .
Another example is Aware—a national voluntary organisation , based in Ireland , which provides supports to individuals who experience depression with their families and friends . It provides a Helpline service , as well as nationwide Support Groups and monthly lectures , which seek to educate and increase awareness of depression . [ 23 ]
See also [ edit ]
( some spoilers near the end of the post , though I try to be vague )
Not long after completing The Lord of the Rings , J.R.R . Tolkien briefly began work on a sequel called The New Shadow , set 100 to 150 years later during the reign of Aragorn 's son Eldarion . ( The main link between the two stories is the minor character Beregond , the noble but disgraced soldier of Gondor whose son , Borlas , would have been a major character in The New Shadow . ) The New Shadow reveals that the eucatastrophic fairy-tale ending of The Return of the King was extremely short-lived ; with the Elves and the Wizards gone from Middle-earth , the Dwarves moving underground , and the Hobbits now isolated in what amounts to an enclave in the Shire , Men are quickly falling back into their old bad habits . In fact the Men of Gondor already seem to have forgotten much of the details of the War of the Ring , even though it remains in living memory : they seem not to remember , or take seriously , the fact that they once strode with gods and angels in a war against pure evil , and were victorious . Instead , children play at being Orcs for fun ; the death of Elessar has been an occasion for political striving and reactionary plots ; and even something like a secret death cult of devil-worshipping rebels seems to be spreading through the elites of Gondor .
Tolkien wrote 13 pages of it .
He later wrote :
I did begin a story placed about 100 years after the Downfall , but it proved both sinister and depressing . Since we are dealing with Men it is inevitable that we should be concerned with the most regrettable feature of their nature : their quick satiety with good . So that the people of Gondor in times of peace , justice and prosperity , would become discontented and restless — while the dynasts descended from Aragorn would become just kings and governors — like Denethor or worse . I found that even so early there was an outcrop of revolutionary plots , about a centre of secret Satanistic religion ; while Gondorian boys were playing at being Orcs and going around doing damage . I could have written a ‘ thriller ' about the plot and its discovery and overthrow — but it would have been just that . Not worth doing .
Instead , Tolkien turned his attention back to the imaginative project that had more or less defined his life : The Silmarillion , begun between 1914 and 1917 , which he tinkered with on and off until his death in 1973 . The Silmarillion has always marked , I think , the grey line between being a casual Tolkien fan and becoming a Tolkien enthusiast — a path that then leads one even further into Christopher Tolkien 's twelve-volume History of Middle-Earth and the discovery of Tolkien 's own very elaborate ( and somewhat fannish ) self-commentary on his legendarium alongside many multiple alternate drafts of the narratives that form the barely glimpsed mythological background of The Lord of the Rings .
The Silmarillion is nominally a prequel — ostensibly it is the Elvish legends that Bilbo translated and appended to the Red Book while he was retired in Rivendell — but the published version of the book includes a two-page summary of the War of the Ring that culminates in a brief , New-Shadow-style glimpse past Aragorn 's reign . We are reminded of the sapling of the White Tree that Aragorn and Gandalf find in the mountains near Gondor , which Aragorn plants in Minas Tirith as a symbol of his reign , and told that “ while it still grew there the Elder Days were not wholly forgotten in the hearts of the Kings. ” While it still grew there — which is to say , it does n't grow there anymore .
I do n't know that I would call this material “ sinister , ” but I taught The Silmarillion this semester after having tried and failed to read it as a child , and I think it would certainly be fair to call it “ depressing. ” What looks , in The Lord of the Rings , like a fairy-tale about how good and decent folk are able to do the impossible and defeat evil ( with just a little bit of help from the divine , here and there ) becomes in The Silmarillion and The New Shadow and Tolkien 's pseudo-theological commentary only the briefest , most temporary respite from a nightmare history in which things always turn out wrong , millennia after millennia . In fact Arda , the planet on which the continent of Middle-earth rests , is a cursed and fallen place , infused with evil and wickedness at its material core , and the only thing to do is raze the place and start over , as Eru Ilúvatar will at long last at the very end of time . To study Tolkien beyond Lord of the Rings is to come to a keen understanding of how tragic this history actually is , how Return of the King looks like a happy ending mostly because that 's where Tolkien ( quite deliberately and self-consciously ) decided to stop writing . But the Fourth Age was no better than the Third , and likely quite worse , and on and on through the degenerative millennia that bring us to the end of the Sixth Age and the beginning of the Seventh with the fall of the Third Reich and the development of the atom bomb .
I 've been thinking about The New Shadow since it became clear that The Force Awakens would be borrowing from the Expanded Universe the notion that the Battle of Endor at the end of Return of the Jedi did not mark a full or permanent victory for the Rebel Alliance . The Force Awakens is The New Shadow , sinister and depressing , except they decided to go ahead and do it anyway . I joked in the link post earlier this morning that you can tell who read the EU novels and who did n't base on whether your reaction to The Force Awakens is sadness — but the events of The Force Awakens , as sad as they are , are really only the tip of the iceberg in terms of how horribly Luke , Leia , and Han are punished in the EU novels , over and over , as everything they attempt to build turns to ash and the galaxy repeatedly falls into chaos , war , and catastrophe . In the farthest reaches of the EU universe , the Star Wars Legacy comics , set around 140 years or so after the Battle of Yavin , Luke 's descendent Cade Skywalker wanders a Galaxy that is again in war , as it always is , with a resurgent Empire again ruled by Sith masters — and when one casts oneself into the mists of time in the other direction ( in material like the Knights of the Old Republic games , set thousands of years before A New Hope ) one finds more or less the same basic story of genocidal total war playing out there too . Star Wars has always been , in the EU at least , a universe more or less without hope , that only looked hopeful to casual fans because they were looking too closely at just a very slender part of it .
This is why , while I can certainly understand the impulse to complain about The Force Awakens as derivative , I really think this is more repetition with a difference than mere or base or stupid repetition . One Death Star is a horror ; two Death Stars and one Starkiller Base and whatever horrific murder innovation the First Order will come up with for Episode 9 is something more like the inexorable logic of history , grinding us all to dust . Likewise , it 's true that The Force Awakens hits many of the same story beats as the Original Trilogy , but almost always in ways that are worse : the death of Obi-Wan was sad but mysterious , suggestive of a world beyond death which the Jedi could access , while the death of The Force Awakens ‘ s version of Obi-Wan is not only brutally material but visceral , and permanent , as far as we have any reason to believe right now . The loss of Alderaan is sad , but the loss of what appears to be the entire institutional apparatus of the resurgent Republic is unthinkably devastating ; aside from the loss of life it would take decades for the Galaxy to recover from such an event , even if they were n't having to fight off the First Order while doing it . The film is extremely vague about the relationship between the Republic and “ the Resistance , ” but it appears to be a proxy guerrilla war against the First Order fought inside their own territory , secretly funded by the Republic — and prosecuted by Leia , Akbar , Nien Nunb , and all our heroes from the first movies , whose lives are now revealed as permanently deformed by a forever war they can never put down or escape . ( If you want to ask me where Lando is , I think he said “ good enough ” after Endor and walked away , and that sort of makes me hope they never find him , never drag him back into it . ) It 's horrible to lose a parent to addiction , or to mental illness , or to ordinary everyday cruelty , however you want to allegorize Vader 's betrayal of his children — but how much worse would it be to lose a child to it , how much worse would such a thing taint every aspect of your life and poison all your joy .
That Star Wars implies a world of sorrow belied by the spectacle of Jedi ‘ s happy ending is n't a surprise to me — I told you , I read the EU books — but I can see why it 's a surprise to someone whose last memory of these people is smiles , a fireworks display , hugs , and a picnic . Return of the Jedi never asked us what we thought would happen when those people woke up the next morning and the Empire still had 90 % of its guns , ships , territory , generals , and soldiers , ready to descend into vicious , scorched-earth fanaticism as they slid into defeat ; it just was n't that kind of story . The Force Awakens is that kind of story , and I find that interesting enough to be excited about 8 and 9 , to see where they try to take this story now that it turns out fairy-tales are n't real and that deeply entrenched totalitarian systems do n't have exhaust ports , trench runs , or single points of failure . So I think the emerging critical consensus that The Force Awakens infantilizes its audience by re-presenting us with the same images we all saw as children is actually deeply wrong : The Force Awakens condemns Luke , Leia , and Han to actually live inside history , rather than transcend it , and it condemns us too .
Share
According to a Piper Jaffray study cited by Forbes earlier this week , the investment firm conducted an extensive test of Siri 's accuracy both on a busy Minneapolis street and within a quiet room . The researchers conducting the study asked Siri 800 questions in each location and checked the accuracy of the responses . According to the results , Siri was able to understand 83 percent of the questions on a noisy street and 89 percent of the questions in the quiet room . When providing answers to those questions , Siri was only 62 percent accurate when on the street and 68 percent accurate when providing an answer within the room . Alternatively , Google 's voice assistant provided accurate results approximately 86 percent of the time when asked the same questions .
Based off these results , Piper Jaffray 's Gene Munster gives Apple a letter grade of a “ D ” and gives Google 's voice assistant a “ B+. ” However , Munster is optimistic about future improvements with each revision of Apple 's mobile operating system .
In an email to clients , Munster wrote “ In order to become a viable mobile search alternative , Siri must match or surpass Google 's accuracy of B+ and move from a grade D to a B or higher . With the iOS 6 release in the fall , we expect Siri to improve meaningfully while reducing its reliance on Google from 60 percent to 48 percent . ”
According to Munster , Apple relies on Google significantly for responses supplied by Siri . The specific breakdown of Siri responses includes sixty percent of the information from Google 's search engine , twenty percent from review site Yelp , fourteen percent from search engine Wolfram Alpha , four percent from Yahoo 's search engine and two percent from Wikipedia . Also breaking down Google 's share , Munster stated “ Google provides 100 percent of navigation results , 61 percent of information results , 48 percent of commerce results and 42 percent of local results . ”
When iOS 6 is released later this year with the new iPhone , Apple plans to add Fandango for movie tickets and times , Rotten Tomatoes for movie reviews , Open Table for restaurant reservations and Yahoo ! Sports for scores and player information .
In addition , Apple is transitioning away from Google Maps and Siri will provide walking or driving directions based on Apple 's new maps software . Munster estimates that Apple will be able to reduce the company 's dependence on Google search results from 60 percent down to approximately 48 percent after iOS 6 is released .
Munster provided a variety of examples of the types of questions that Siri would get incorrect . For instance , when Munster or his staff asked “ When did the movie Cinderella come out ? “ , Siri brought up movie theater listings on Yelp . The statement “ I want to go to Lake Superior. ” caused Siri to provide directions to a local business with Lake Superior in the title . The question “ How do I get from Boston to New York ? ” was impossible to answer as Siri was n't able to provide directions for a place that the user was n't currently located . According to Munster , the most common error that Siri made was answering a new question with the response from the previous question .
In a paper published in the journal , astronomers report catching the V404 Cygni black hole while it was shimmering and emitting red flashes , some of which were shorter than a timespan of only 1/40th of a second .
In June 2015 , V404 Cygni abruptly started emitting a huge amount of power , becoming one of the brightest objects in the Milky Way Galaxy as seen in X-rays . Telescopes worldwide , including the William Herschel and Isaac Newton Telescopes , followed its ascent in brightness for about two weeks , leading up to June 26 , after which the black hole gradually faded away .
Imagine an object 9 times larger in mass than the Sun , which repeatedly flares to up to 1000 times brighter than our Sun for a fraction of a second . This is the power that was seen to be emitted . As if this werent extreme enough , on June 26 , the black hole appeared to be agitated and flickering red at high speed .
The astronomers speculate that while the black hole was being force-fed with material that it had stripped off a neighbouring star , it reacted furiously by blasting away some of the material in the form of a fast-moving jet . Lead author of the study Dr Poshak Gandhi , Associate Professor and STFC Ernest Rutherford Fellow in the University of Southamptons Astronomy Group , said : `` The duration of these flashing episodes could be related to the switching on and off of a steady jet , seen for the first time in detail.
Gandhi also comments : The very high speed tells us that the region where this red light is being emitted must be very compact . Piecing together clues about the colour , speed , and the power of these flashes , we conclude that this light is being emitted from the base of the black hole jet . The origin of these jets is still unknown , although strong magnetic fields are suspected to play a role . ''
The LAA Sywell Rally is growing year on year and the Rally Team continues to look at ways of enhancing the event even further . 2012 saw the return of the popular Homebuilders Centre , where part built projects , Engineering department personnel , tutors in a range of aircraft build techniques and so much more was on display . What a success it was too and it certainly added to that oh so special Rally atmosphere of fun and camaraderie .
Exhibitor Information
If your business is recreational aviation then you really should be exhibiting at the LAA Sywell Rally . No other UK event attracts as many aircraft owners , builders and pilots , the very people who you need to attract to do business with your company . Past exhibitors tell us that they do more business at the LAA Rally than any other UK event . Plus you will be surprised at just how affordable it is to exhibit at this premier UK event . Information and pricing for exhibitors can be found here .
List of exhibitors attending .
Awards & Trophies
A number of prestigious Trophies and Awards are presented at the Rally , many celebrating the superbly built and restored aircraft that attend . If you would like to enter your aircraft for judging you can do so prior to the event or when you arrive . Latest judging takes place early afternoon on the Saturday . The awards ceremony arrangements will be confirmed later . Full details of the categories and how to enter can be found here .
Accommodation and Camping
Once again , this year 's LAA Sywell Rally will have a dedicated campsite with hot showers and regularly serviced toilets , which will be sited in the field across the road from the aerodrome and run by Andover Strut members . The site will be up and running from Thursday afternoon and will close early on Monday morning . We hope to have a catering van open early morning and evening for tea , coffee and bacon sarnies .
There will be a single price of £30 per unit irrespective of length of stay ( a unit being a tent , caravan or motorhome ) .
For arrivals by air , camping by your aircraft is included in the one off landing fee of £10 which also covers admission for all on board for three days ( note that this fee covers one landing only , additional landings are £10 each ) .
For those not wishing to camp , a comprehensive list of local hotels can be found here .
Flying In to the Rally ?
Those intending to fly in to the Rally , must book an arrivals slot time and MUST READ THE RALLY AIC and must book a slot .
Opening Times / Entrance Fees / Car Parking
We appreciate that finding spare money is not always easy in the current climate and will , for the fourth year running , not be raising admission prices or landing fees . Full details of the 2013 admission charges can be found here .
Entertainment and General Information
Once again the beer festival will be taking place over the weekend organised by Sywell Aerodrome . Food and entertainment will be available in Hangar 1 on Saturday evening . More information about entertainment and activities at the Rally will be added as it becomes available .
Looking Back at Rally 2012
Nigerian drug agents on Saturday arrested a senator-elect wanted by the United States in a nearly ­20-year-old heroin deal that was allegedly the basis for the TV hit “ Orange Is the New Black . ”
Buruji Kashamu is under house arrest at his Lagos home , said Ofoyeju Mitchell , a spokesman for the Nigeria Drug Law Enforcement Agency . Mitchell said Kashamu , 56 , will appear in court Monday for the start of extradition proceedings .
Kashamu had already been suing in a Nigerian court to prevent attempts to extradite him . He had become a powerful politician and financier of President Goodluck Jonathan 's party . Jonathan and his party lost in the March election , but Kashamu was elected a senator in balloting opponents said was rigged .
Kashamu has said the 1998 indictment by a grand jury in Chicago for conspiracy to import and distribute heroin in the United States is a case of mistaken identity . He said prosecutors really want a dead brother who closely resembled him .
His lawyers called Saturday 's house arrest a political conspiracy .
On this Sunday , Oct , 12 , 2014 file photo , Buruji Kashamu attends a primary election event for Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan in Abuja , Nigeria . On Saturday , drug agents surrounded the house of the senator-elect wanted by the U.S. in a nearly 20-year-old heroin deal that was the alleged basis for the TV hit `` Orange is the New Black . '' ( AP )
“ This latest onslaught is a confirmation of the alleged plot to illegally abduct him in spite of the pending suit against this illegality , ” Kashamu spokesman Austin Oniyokor said .
At the time of Kashamu 's lawsuit , the United States had not filed an extradition request . It was not clear when one was filed , but Mitchell said that was the reason for Saturday 's action .
The move comes days before Jonathan is to step down and President-elect Muhammadu Buhari takes office .
A previous request to extradite Kashamu from Britain failed in 2003 . Kashamu spent five years in a British jail before he was freed over uncertainty about his identity . He was carrying $ 230,000 when he was arrested there .
A dozen people long ago pleaded guilty in the case , including American Piper Kerman .
Kerman served 13 months in a prison in Connecticut for money laundering and drug trafficking . In 2010 , she published a memoir , “ Orange Is the New Black : My Year in a Women 's Prison. ” The book was adapted for the Netflix hit “ Orange Is the New Black . ”
Kerman 's book never identified Kashamu by name , only citing a West African drug kingpin .
Xubuntu core is a slimmed down version of Xubuntu that does n't come with all the additional features of a full and modern desktop . We essentially only ship Xfce and the basic look and feel of Xubuntu , so there will be no office suite , media players , et cetera .
The obvious benefit is that this ISO ( about 600MB ) will be faster to download – especially interesting for those with limited connectivity – and fit on a CD .
We have been working on this for a while , which is why you can already install it starting with Utopic . There are community ISOs for Vivid ( see below ) , and starting with Wily , our plan is to produce official release ISOs !
Is this related to Snappy , Ubuntu Core , or Convergence ?
Nope , sorry for the confusion in the name !
OK , so how do I install it now ?
The recommended way is to download the mini.iso , install , and when prompted , install the Xubuntu minimal installation task . If you 'd prefer to wait until after the installer finishes installing the Xubuntu core task , you can simply type sudo apt-get install xubuntu-core^ ( do n't forget the caret ! ) and away it 'll go .
Optionally for Vivid , if you do n't want to use the mini ISO or wo n't have internet during install , you can install from the community ISOs , made available by a Xubuntu developer .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Condemning the work of New Orleans detectives and prosecutors as `` shameful , '' Orleans Parish District Attorney Leon Cannizzaro announced on Monday that Reginald Adams would walk free after 34 years behind bars . Adams , 61 , went to jail for the murder of a New Orleans police officer 's wife , based in part on false testimony from NOPD officers .
“ I will not tolerate intentional misconduct on the part of police or prosecutors , ” Cannizzaro said in a statement apologizing to Adams and his family , adding , that the `` intentional acts '' of the detectives and prosecutors who put him behind bars harmed Adams and `` denied this community any opportunity to hold the real perpetrator criminally responsible for this violent crime . ”
Here 's a video of Adams shortly after his release , via the New Orleans Advocate . When asked how he felt following his release , Adams said , `` like a champion . '' He added that he 'd like to take a `` nice long walk '' now that he 's free .
Adams was tried and convicted twice for the crime . ( The Louisiana Supreme Court reversed his initial conviction in 1990 . He was tried and found guilty again . ) Both times , Cannizzaro said , prosecutors relied on his confession , given while in New Orleans Police custody . But there 's a problem : his confession did n't match up with the details of the crime scene . Additionally , the two detectives assigned to his case never shared supplemental evidence with Adams 's defense team . That evidence included the discovery of the murder weapon , which led investigators to two other individuals , one of whom was in possession of a piece of jewelry stolen from the victim 's home . Prosecutors Assistant District Attorneys Ronald Bodenheimer and Harold Gilbert claimed in trial that the murder weapon had not been found , as the Times-Picayune reported , and that there were no other suspects .
San Francisco punk band Flipper , once described by Henry Rollins as being `` heavier than anything , '' announced Friday that they will reunite for a series of shows this fall with a new singer : former Jesus Lizard frontman David Yow .
The band will tour Italy in November with Yow , and will possibly play shows in San Francisco and Los Angeles with this lineup around the same time , according to drummer Stephen DePace .
Started in 1979 by former members of local punk band Negative Trend , Flipper became the scourge of the early '80s punk scene , refusing to follow the pack of fast-and-violent hardcore bands of the day . Instead , the band made its reputation as being the band punks loved to hate by playing long , slow dirges that were driven by bass riffs , DePace 's plodding drums and Ted Falconi 's out-of-control guitar sound . Their sound would influence bands like Nirvana and the Melvins , and they would later be referred to as the godfathers of grunge music .
The band broke up in 1987 after bassist Will Shatter died of a drug overdose , but reunited in 1990 with new bassist John Dougherty just as grunge was about to break into the mainstream . Two years later they were signed to Def American Records by founder and massive Flipper fan Rick Rubin ; around the same time Nirvana 's Kurt Cobain would be photographed wearing a homemade Flipper t-shirt , sparking a renewed interest in the band .
The band released their comeback album American Graffishy in 1993 , but a car accident the following year broke singer Bruce `` Loose '' Calderwood 's back , forcing the band to abruptly end . In 2005 , the band reunited again with longtime backup bassist Bruno DeSmartass -- DePace says Dougherty died of a drug overdose in 1995 -- and played several high profile shows before DeSmartass dropped out and was replaced by Nirvana bassist Krist Novoselic . Flipper would go onto to record two albums with Novoselic : 2009 's Love and the live album Fight .
A three-judge panel rejected a request from Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen to delay enforcement of a judge 's decision striking down several portions of Act 10 as unconstitutional .
Walker Admin 's Request for a Stay Denied , Again
In September , Dane County District Judge Juan Colas found that Act 10 's differential treatment between union and non-union employees imposes burdens on their free speech , freedom of association , and equal protection rights . The decision applied to municipal and school district employees , and some school districts took advantage of their reinstated bargaining rights and forged new contracts . A month later , Colas denied the state 's request that he `` stay '' his decision — put it on hold and withhold enforcement — while it was appealed .
`` We conclude that the circuit court acted within it discretion in denying the stay , '' the appeals court found .
Tuesday 's ruling only considered whether Judge Colas properly denied the stay in October , rather than the merits of his September decision ; a full appeal is scheduled for later this year .
Walker Admin Is Not `` Near-Certain-to-Win '' Appeal
However , the appeals court rejected the state 's assertion that it was `` near-certain-to-win '' its appeal , which would have required Colas to consider a lesser showing of irreparable harm resulting from not staying the decision . The court instead said it was a `` middle ground '' case where the outcome of an appeal is not certain .
SPONSORED
The appeals court said that `` confusion '' over whether collective bargaining is in effect is not compelling enough to put the ruling on hold . Additionally , the court found , granting a stay of the September decision would not resolve any of the underlying legal issues or prevent any further litigation .
`` Until the Wisconsin Supreme Court finally resolves the issues , either by issuing a definite ruling on the merits or by issuing an order declining to review a merits decision of this court , it seems that ongoing litigation is inevitable , '' the appeals court said .
Multiple challenges to Act 10 have been filed in state and federal court since it became law in 2011 . In January , the U.S. Court of Appeals in Chicago reversed a decision that found provisions of Act 10 unconstitutional , likely foreclosing further federal challenges . The decision by Judge Colas is in state court .
The National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation , which has received funding from foundations controlled by billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch ( who backed Walker 's election ) , filed amicus briefs in many of the cases .
May Raise Stakes in Wisconsin Supreme Court Race
A spokesperson for Attorney General Van Hollen said the state is considering whether to appeal the decision to the Wisconsin Supreme Court . One of the justices in the Supreme Court 's 4-3 conservative majority , Justice Pat Roggensack , is up for reelection in April ; this case could further raise the stakes in an already contested race .
The last Wisconsin Supreme Court election was also dominated by Walker 's controversial Act 10 . The 2011 Supreme Court race between incumbent Justice David Prosser — who was formerly a GOP lawmaker in the state — and challenger JoAnne Kloppenburg attracted national attention and record-breaking spending amidst protests over Walker 's anti-union changes . The Court had been expected to make the final decision on legal challenges to Act 10 . Prosser narrowly won after the last-minute discovery of uncounted votes in heavily Republican Waukesha County .
The court 's ideological balance is again up for grabs in Justice Roggensack 's race , and her reelection campaign has already attracted big spending by outside special interest groups like Club for Growth . Her challenger , Wisconsin attorney Ed Fallone , says Roggensack is part of the widely reported dysfunction on the Wisconsin Supreme Court , which maintained its narrow conservative majority with Prosser 's re-election .
Monday afternoon , at around 5 PM , Ichiro Suzuki , the longest tenured Seattle star of my lifetime , was traded to the New York Yankees . Over the last week I have done my best to process the trade and comprehend what it means in a variety of mediums . First I talked . With my dad , with Owen and Craig , and then other friends who understand the significance of not just the post-Ichiro era in Seattle , but also the decision to trade him mid-season and to the Yankees , of all teams . Then I watched . Watched as Ichiro took his first plate appearance ( hitting eighth , by the way , something he would have never done in a million years for the Seattle Mariners ) and promptly lined the ball back through the batters box for his first hit in a Yankees uniform . And then I wrote . In over 2000 words ( check it out here on the Fan Manifesto ) I tried to capture Ichiro — both the unique player and the enigmatic person . It was therapeutic , really , to write about him in this way , noting the ties between his career as a Mariner and my life as a Seattle sports fan.Of course I could n't say everything I wanted to . I was n't able to talk about my frustration with the Mariners — how could a team sour the career of such an iconic player by surrounding him with such little talent ? — or how once upon a time Ichiro played the game with true passion , sliding head first into first base to avoid a tag or barreling through a catcher at home plate and then roaring his approval and fist bumping his teammates . Maybe playing for the Yankees will bring back that side to him , maybe it wo n't . But as I have continued to think , talk and read about the trade and reminisce about Ichiro 's career as a Mariner , I have started to come to a conclusion , perhaps even closure . The pervading sense I have had over the last couple of days is that I will miss Ichiro — of course I will — though not as much as I once would have thought . Because it feels , sadly , as though I have been missing Ichiro for quite some time now .
White privilege .
It 's the phrase bigots hate to hear and progressives love to denounce .
If you are white and clicked on this blog to be congratulated for naming your privilege , you can stop reading in a few characters .
Thank you for naming your privilege .
It 's a good starting point of solidarity with people of color ( POC ) to name that your privilege exists .
But naming your privilege is not the same thing as taking actions to reject it and dismantle white supremacy .
White allies are quick to remind others that social change could n't happen without them , while not focusing much time on rejecting the oppressive systems and behaviors that necessitated the social change in the first place .
Talking about privilege while not doing anything to dismantle white supremacy is like seeing a fire and never calling 911 . It just does n't do much .
Many white allies focus on calling out overt racism while not focusing on the more subtle ways they may perpetuate the racism they condemn .
Here 's my call to you , anti-racism allies . Spend one day challenging yourself to confront the ways you may also be racist .
Here are 10 ways you can actively reject your white privilege .
Take up minimal space during anti-racism dialogues and protests .
Protests and anti-racism discussions should always center on the oppression experienced by people of color . If you are an ally who always has the microphone or the bullhorn , you 're taking up too much space .
Stop contributing to gentrification and calling it “ urban development . ”
Many white allies feel too comfortable talking about white privilege without pushing for their residential communities to legislate against gentrification , which is like reverse white flight at the expense of a mass POC eviction notice.Are you living in a redlining district without calling out the displacement of people of color ? Are you content with advocating for POC as long as you do n't have to live in their neighborhood ?
Listen when people call you on your microaggressions .
Your intent to be anti-racist does n't necessarily mean you automatically fit the bill . If people call you on microaggressions , do n't argue—listen . If you knew a word or phrase was offensive , you probably would n't have said it . Being an ally does n't mean you 're above being educated on racism .
Never invite POC to the table for the sake of claiming diversity .
“ Diversity ” is now a buzzword and “ diversity work ” is a very profitable industry . Do n't invite POC to your events so you can say they personify diversity or to hit an organizational quota . Engage with diverse communities because you plan on being intentional about hearing our stories and letting us come to the table authentically .
Refrain from using your POC friends as your “ urban dictionary .
” If you are engaging in discussions about race , you wo n't always understand cultural references . Your POC friends or colleagues are not your “ urban dictionary. ” ( And yes , I 've heard people ask me if they should look up words I 've used in the urban dictionary . ) You may have to do some research to participate in anti-racism work , and that 's okay . Just think ; POC spend their entire lives learning about culture from a white supremacist perspective . A few minutes on Google wo n't hurt you .
Stop lifting up non-confrontational POC as examples for what POC activism should be .
Martin Luther King , Jr. was a great man—but he wrote more than his “ I Have a Dream ” speech . Few white folks quote his “ Letter from a Birmingham Jail ” to talk about King 's Legacy : “ I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro 's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen 's Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner , but the white moderate , who is more devoted to “ order ” than to justice… ” History through a white lens immortalizes the “ safe , ” diluted parts of liberation in hopes of POC seeking future liberation in similar ways . This framework centers the comfort of white folks and disregards the complexity of processing and rebelling against oppression.Here 's the thing—experiencing racism is a lot more uncomfortable than experiencing a radical response to it . If you 're uncomfortable with expressions of emotional pain by the oppressed , you may want to work harder at dismantling their oppression .
Call your friends , family and co-workers out on racism—even if a POC is n't in the room .
I 've had plenty of friends tell me stories about times their family members , friends , or colleagues said something racist . I usually wonder why they are telling me when most of their stories do n't end with them confronting the racism they encountered.How do you confront racism when the spotlight is n't on you ? Does it take a protest or a speech for you to call out racism ? Can you address the racism of the people you love most ?
Understand that all anti-racism work does n't look the same and advocate accordingly .
Sometimes anti-racism work is about Black folks . Sometimes anti-racism work is about the entire African Diaspora . Sometimes anti-racism work is about Asian American folks . Sometimes anti-racism work is about Southeast Asian immigrants. “ People of color ” is an umbrella term that does n't address the complexities of the many people who experience racism . Understand that POC do n't go to bed in one-size-fits-all pajamas ; our struggles and our liberations require nuanced thinking and action .
Realize that all discussions about race are n't for you .
And be okay with it.Should black people say the “ n ” word to each other ? Should Beyoncé express her pain by calling someone Becky ? Some conversations are n't for white folks . They are intraracial critiques that do n't require an ally 's opinion . An anti-racist ally is like a guest at a family dinner . You 're invited to the table , but you should know what conversations require your abstention .
Recognize that you 're still racist . No matter what .
Sometimes , anti-racist allies talk in an “ us vs. them ” framework when they discuss race , with the “ us ” being POC and anti-racist allies and the “ them ” being racist people . That 's an oversimplification of centuries of racism , and it also avoids one simple truth.White people always benefit from institutionalized racism , no matter how anti-racist your ideologies may be . You ca n't disconnect yourself completely from the racism from which you benefit , and recognizing that is a large step in rejecting white privilege .
Marchaé Grair is many things . A Netflix addict , puppy enthusiast , songbird , Millennial dreamer , and God lover , to name a few . She is the editor of New Sacred and social media associate for the United Church of Christ . Twitter : @ MarchaeGrair
Image copyright JAMES KING-HOLMES/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY Image caption The Utrecht University Medical Centre blamed a `` procedural error ''
A Dutch IVF treatment centre has said that 26 women may have been fertilised by sperm from the wrong man .
The Utrecht University Medical Centre said a `` procedural error '' between April 2015 and November 2016 was to blame .
Half of the couples who underwent treatment are pregnant or have already had children . They have been informed , the medical centre said .
`` The UMC 's board regrets that the couples involved had to receive this news , '' the centre said in a statement .
The statement said : `` During fertilisation , sperm cells from one treatment couple may have ended up with the egg cells of 26 other couples .
`` Therefore there 's a chance that the egg cells have been fertilised by sperm other than that of the intended father . ''
Although the chance of that happening was small , the possibility `` could not be excluded , '' the centre added .
What went wrong ?
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The UMC carries out between 600 and 700 ICSI procedures every year
The technique at the centre of the mistake involved a single sperm being injected directly into a woman 's egg with a pipette . It is called Intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection ( ICSI ) and differs from in vitro fertilisation .
From April 2015 to November 2016 , one of the lab technicians is believed to have used an inappropriate pipette to inject the sperm .
Although the pipette was changed each time , the technician used the same rubber top until he found traces of sperm in it and raised the alarm . The rubber top would normally have a filter , but in this case it did not , a hospital spokesman told the BBC .
Of the 26 couples involved , nine have had children and four women are pregnant . The other 13 embryos were all frozen .
All the couples are due to meet doctors from the centre in the coming days and will be offered the option of a DNA test .
The UMC carries out up to 700 ICSI procedures every year .
Dutch fertility support group Freya reacted with shock to the news . `` Wanting a child is a very delicate thing , especially when it does n't involve the normal bedroom way . So people need to have 100 % confidence in the method they adopt , '' it said .
In 2012 , a Singapore mother sued a clinic after it mixed up her husband 's sperm with that of a stranger .
The woman , who was ethnically Chinese , suspected something was wrong when her baby had markedly different skin tone and hair colour from her Caucasian husband .
Oliver Stone believes the Democratic National Committee email hacking scandal was an “ inside job . ”
During an interview with CNN 's Christine Amanpour , the Hollywood director was asked if he thought it was feasible that Russians hacked the DNC in order to influence the election .
“ I think it 's a great fiction , ” Stone — who recently made a movie about Edward Snowden — said . “ I think it serves a purpose to disguise what 's really going on . The intelligence experts that I 've talked to have indicated to me that it was probably an inside job. ” ( RELATED : Rosario Dawson Eviscerates Hillary Clinton Over The Way She Handled The DNC Email Leak )
When pressed by Amanpour about what he meant , Stone said he “ could n't go into all that information . ”
“ From the Democrats . From somebody who 's worked at the committee . Or somebody who knows about it . ”
WATCH :
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
For more than ten years , Apple 's HyperCard has been a seminal product , single-handedly defining scripting and authoring , spawning a host of imitators , and enabling users to do astonishing , one-of-a-kind things with their computers simply by trying . Few things are closer to the true spirit of the Macintosh than HyperCard .
Now , without warning , Apple appears to be pulling the plug on this software original , just on the eve of its rebirth as a sophisticated QuickTime authoring tool . Explaining HyperCard 's predicament means backtracking through a bit of history , but also reveals HyperCard 's fundamental vigor is as intact today as it has ever been .
And So It Begins — HyperCard is one of the most difficult-to-describe software programs ever conceived . Most applications perform a particular set of tasks : word processors manage text and documents ; databases store and retrieve information ; spreadsheets store data and perform calculations ; Web browsers display online content . These programs have well-defined , concrete purposes : most Macintosh users could explain what these programs do and why someone might want to use them .
Not so with HyperCard : it 's abstract . It can be made to do virtually all the functions handled by the applications above – some better than others – and many more tasks besides . It 's one of the first true authoring programs , enabling users to organize information ( graphics , text , sound , movies , and more ) and use strong built-in navigational features and scripts to create unique functionality for precise needs . If this sounds suspiciously like programming , it can be : HyperCard includes HyperTalk , a pioneering English-like scripting language that serves as many people 's introduction to programming even today . HyperTalk enables scripters to create everything from multimedia games , kiosks , and presentations to address books , custom invoicing systems , product demonstrations , online help , and much more , Plus , HyperCard has been quick to support key technologies like AppleScript , PlainTalk , QuickTime , and ( importantly ) WorldScript .
< http : //www.apple.com/hypercard/ >
Who Are You ? HyperCard 's flexibility has been its greatest strength , and its abstractness has been its greatest hurdle . What does HyperCard do ? Is it a playback engine ? Yes . A development tool ? You bet . A personal information organizer ? Sure . A database ? Indeed . A scripting environment ? Yes . Many other things ? Always .
But is HyperCard a multimedia authoring tool ? Sort of . When HyperCard debuted in 1987 , it was one of the first multimedia programs . Those were the days of expensive black-and-white Macs , and HyperCard 's then-inspiring presentation capabilities owed a great debt to its primogenitor , Bill Atkinson , creator of QuickDraw and MacPaint .
But HyperCard 's presentation and graphics are grounded in that black-and-white world , and to this day the HyperCard application still ca n't think in color . Over the years , third parties and finally Apple grafted extensions onto HyperCard that display color pictures , colorize interface elements , and support QuickTime . These add-ons attest to HyperCard 's flexibility and let it serve as the basis for products like the wildly popular Myst . But these gizmos have major omissions , are often awkward , and ca n't disguise the fact that HyperCard is essentially a penguin in a technicolor dreamcoat .
< http : //www.myst.com/ >
With extensive effort HyperCard could be rewritten to think in color , but that opportunity has never appeared . With 1991 's HyperCard 2.0 , organizational and business constraints intervened , partly because HyperCard was moving to Claris and becoming commercial . At Claris , HyperCard languished and was returned to Apple where it languished some more . Meanwhile , products like SuperCard and Director evolved into mature , color-capable authoring environments . HyperCard 's developers eventually added numerous enhancements – including the capability to build standalone applications , plus AppleScript and WorldScript support . But the needed rewrite for full color was never within reach .
What Do You Want ? Then , Apple 's QuickTime 3.0 project began . Three years ago , QuickTime was Apple 's success story in a cacophony of falling profits , dwindling market share , and eroding customer confidence . QuickTime was setting the standard for digital video , and Apple was betting heavily on QuickTime 's success .
In QuickTime 3 , a `` movie '' is fundamentally just a container for various data types and can hold discrete objects – like a button – that might not have anything to do with audio , video , or traditional media . As long as these objects could receive events like mouse clicks , there was no reason they could n't respond to actions from the user or other objects . That was the germ of the idea behind QuickTime Interactive ( QTi ) ; all QuickTime needed was a way to specify how objects should interact with the user and each other . QuickTime needed a scripting language .
Apple already had a scripting language and authoring tool in HyperCard , and it was soon a done deal . HyperCard 3.0 would be re-implemented on top of QuickTime using QuickTime data formats , turning HyperCard 3.0 into an editor for interactive QuickTime movies . Projects authored in HyperCard would inherit all of QuickTime 's color capabilities and would work in any application – and on any platform – that supported QuickTime . The beleaguered , enervated HyperCard group became part of the high-profile , well-funded QuickTime group , and HyperCard aficionados rejoiced .
Apple has shown HyperCard 3.0 repeatedly over the last few years . The demos have been promising , with HyperTalk scripts embedded in QuickTime objects , HyperCard stacks running in Web browsers via QuickTime , and HyperCard displaying Internet content within stack windows . Many people have seen versions of HyperCard 3.0 in action and heard Apple representatives express their commitment to shipping HyperCard 3.0 , although no firm release dates were given .
In 1997 , Apple quietly informed developers it planned to ship QuickTime 3 without QTi . Since QuickTime 3 was the first fully cross-platform release , it made business sense to establish QuickTime 3 as soon as possible . Apple pushed QTi back towards QuickTime 4.0 but repeated its commitment to QTi and HyperCard 3.0 . In the meantime , the HyperCard team released updates that brought HyperCard up to speed with Mac OS 8 and then rolled in QuickTime 3 scripting capabilities , along with a few other features .
Why Are You Here ? In the last two weeks , however , troubling news has filtered out of Cupertino . Although HyperCard engineers have long worked on QuickTime itself- in part to ship QuickTime 3 and lay the necessary groundwork for HyperCard 3 – as of a few weeks ago the entire HyperCard team had been moved to QuickTime development . Right now , there is no HyperCard team , there are no plans for a HyperCard team , and no work is being done on HyperCard . According to reliable sources , Apple 's Vice President of Worldwide Product Marketing Phil Schiller announced at an employee meeting in late October that HyperCard would no longer be developed . Despite a sustained hue and cry from the HyperCard community , Apple has made no official statement on HyperCard 's future .
Why would Apple abandon HyperCard 3.0 ? Theories abound , but those that make the most sense to me involve QuickTime , not HyperCard . With QuickTime 3 , Apple introduced an enormous , cross-platform media architecture that has been adopted as the basis for the ISO MPEG-4 standard . That 's a substantial achievement , and one of only a few areas where Apple clearly dominates a portion of the computer industry . Estimates place QuickTime on more than 24 million Macs worldwide , and a survey by Media Metrix estimated that QuickTime was installed on almost 70 percent of the 35.3 million Intel-based PCs in the U.S in March 1998 – and that was before QuickTime 3.0 shipped .
< http : //www.mediametrix.com/corp/press/press_ mm58.htm >
Thus , QuickTime is subject to more industry buffeting and machinations than other Apple technologies . Microsoft has long fought QuickTime 's dominance , particularly in Windows . Materials from the Microsoft antitrust trial reveal how Microsoft may have pressured companies to drop support for QuickTime and attempted to inveigle Apple into splitting the digital media market . Regardless of the truth of these allegations , it 's clear that Apple spends considerable time and effort protecting the ground QuickTime has captured .
< http : //www.seattletimes.com/news/technology/ html98/appl_102998.html >
< http : //www.seattletimes.com/news/business/ html98/micr_092098.html >
Given these pressures , I would n't be surprised if Apple had to make concessions to digital media developers – most of whom develop for both Windows and the Mac – to secure their support for QuickTime . One of those concessions may well have been a promise not to compete with QuickTime authoring and production software from third parties . Since HyperCard 3.0 is , in essence , an editor for interactive QuickTime movies , developers like Macromedia , Adobe , Sorenson Vision , TrueVision , Equilibrium , and Electric Image might balk at Apple developing and marketing an interactive QuickTime movie editor . Conceptually , the situation may not be dissimilar to Apple 's rock-and-a-hard-place conundrum with Emailer : abandon the product and alienate your users , or press forward and alienate your developers .
< https : //tidbits.com/getbits.acgi ? tbart=05129 >
So , now HyperCard has no development team , and QuickTime Interactive 's capabilities are available only in small part as a set of low-level APIs for QuickTime application developers .
< http : //developer.apple.com/techpubs/quicktime/ qtdevdocs/REF/tp_qt3sprite_wired.htm >
Where Are You Going ? Remember how HyperCard got into this situation : lack of integrated color , which seriously hinders its utility for multimedia authoring . This is a classic example of how HyperCard 's abstract nature is its greatest liability . HyperCard fills a myriad purposes for many Macintosh users without authoring a moment of multimedia . For example , HyperCard holds TidBITS together : all of our automation for subscription management , issue distribution , database management , Web site production , and mailing list archiving is built in HyperCard . Adam even distributed the first 99 issues of TidBITS in HyperCard .
People regularly hire me to work on HyperCard projects for business , education , and home users . Few of these projects use multimedia capabilities . They provide access to information and serve as tutorials for students learning to program or learn foreign languages ; tie together applications in ways AppleScript ca n't handle alone ; control laboratory devices ; and much more . One of my largest HyperCard projects is Golem , an Internet robot that performs URL verification and Web page analysis for private clients , including big industry names like Microsoft . Others use HyperCard for everything from customized databases and contact organization to Web site management , television subtitling , molecular modeling , and content development for CD-ROM and Web-based projects . For startling examples of HyperCard 's flexibility , read some of the HyperCard stories submitted to Jacque Landman Gay 's Web site . In many cases , these projects were the sole reason Macs were purchased in the first place .
< http : //www.hyperactivesw.com/HCStories/ stories.html >
Some may argue HyperCard has outlived its utility : more modern programs can perform many of its functions . Utilities developers can dive into the fast-moving REALBasic . Scripters who integrate applications can build interfaces with FaceSpan . People accustomed to HyperCard can try multimedia authoring in the color-savvy SuperCard , which IncWell is reviving after purchasing from Allegiant . HyperCard users who need cross-platform capabilities can look at MetaCard , which can deploy to Windows , Unix , and the Mac . Scripting geeks can investigate Userland Frontier 's automation and Web publishing capabilities . Of course , multimedia authors can plunk down a heap of money on Macromedia Director , the 400 pound gorilla of the multimedia industry , and those who want to plumb QuickTime 3 can build interactive movies with products like Totally Hip 's Web-oriented LiveStage .
< https : //tidbits.com/getbits.acgi ? tbart=05043 >
< http : //www.facespan.com/ >
< http : //www.incwell.com/SuperCard/SuperCard.html >
< http : //www.metacard.com/ >
< http : //www.scripting.com/frontier5/ >
< http : //www.macromedia.com/software/director/ >
< http : //www.totallyhip.com/Link/ ProductsLiveStage.html >
As good as some of these products are , none fully match HyperCard 's flexibility , although many far exceed HyperCard 's multimedia capabilities . Most of these products ca n't use the myriad externals available to HyperCard . Many have minimal or non-existent support for AppleScript or other OSA scripting languages . Some have restrictive scripting dialects , few offer HyperCard 's integral navigation and data storage capabilities , and ( to my knowledge ) none offer the WorldScript functionality so important to international users . HyperCard remains in a class by itself .
What Can You Do ? Today , HyperCard 's fate is unclear . If HyperCard matters to you , let Apple know how and why you use it . If Apple sees that HyperCard sells Macs , offers unique Macintosh capabilities , and helps keep Macs in places where they would have been replaced by PCs long ago , Apple may better understand HyperCard 's unparalleled value to the Macintosh industry .
Jacque Landman Gay of HyperActive Software has organized a snail mail campaign to explain to Apple Interim CEO Steve Jobs how HyperCard is important to Mac users . ( An email campaign would be tantamount to mail-bombing ; no one likes to be mail-bombed . ) Numerous well-reasoned , polite letters from HyperCard users should be effective for putting HyperCard 's status back on the table , which in turn should give Apple 's HyperCard engineers – many of whom have worked thanklessly for years to sustain the product – the leverage they need to secure HyperCard 's future . Everything you need is on HyperActive 's Web site ; the rest is in your hands .
< http : //www.hyperactivesw.com/SaveHC.html >
A hacker has stolen databases from three U.S. healthcare organizations and has advertised more than 650,000 patient records as up for sale .
The hacker , who goes by the name of `` thedarkoverlord , '' is also holding the records for ransom , asking the as-yet-unnamed healthcare organizations to pay $ 100,000 , $ 205,000 and $ 411,000 for the databases , according to two published reports .
The hacker has described the databases as coming from Farmington , Mo , ( 48,000 patients ) , the central/midwest states ( 210,000 patients ) and Georgia ( 397,000 patients ) .
The data breach and subsequent online sale was originally reported by the news site Deep Dot Web ; patient records include those of Blue Cross Blue Shield .
The hacker claimed to have already sold $ 100,000 worth of records from the Georgia healthcare organization , according to the online publication Motherboard .
Motherboard , which claimed it spoke with the hacker , said it was provided with a sample of 30 patient records , which it used to confirm the patients ' identities by calling them on phone numbers provided in the records .
`` Someone wanted to buy all the Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance records specifically , '' the hacker told the publication . The hacker went on to say that the ransoms he was requesting from the healthcare organizations were `` modest '' amounts `` compared to the damage that will be caused to the organizations when I decide to publicly leak the victims . ''
This story , `` Hacker puts 650K U.S. patient records up for sale '' was originally published by Computerworld .
With over twenty years ' experience helping renters in the social and private housing sector , the National Renters Alliance is the only organization standing up for renter 's rights helping renters get a better deal . From getting back money taken from deposits to housing repairs and council tax problems , the National Renters Alliance takes stress out of renting so that you can concentrate on the important things in life without having to deal with bad landlords and letting agents . Join the National Renters Alliance or get in touch today to see how we can help you .
Have you had a bad letting experience ? Has your landlord or letting agent taken money from your deposit and is not giving it back ? Did your landlord or letting agent protect your deposit ? Is repair work not being done ? Have you complained again and again about repairs and your letting agent or landlord is still not doing anything about it ? Most people who have rented have experienced these problems . The National Renters Alliance is here to help you get money back from your deposit , force landlords and letting agents make repairs and other rental problems .
Councils are often a source of problems for renters . Common problems include mishandling of council tax records when changing apartments . This has been known to happen even if you have supplied an accurate change of address details and moving dates with your council . Poor handling of this information can lead to Court and bailiff action . Despite government directions against such practices , councils have often been known to rapidly escalate disputes which could potentially leave you liable for hundreds of pounds of charges . Other common problems include refusal to grant tax discounts such as single-person discount despite being eligible for such relief . If your council is not serving you well , get in touch with the National Renters Alliance today and you might save hundreds of pounds a year .
If your landlord or letting agent is not doing repairs they are responsible for ? Have you complained over and over about repairs and nothing is being done ? If so contact the National Renters Alliance to see how we can help you . This may be informing your landlord about his or her legal repair obligations or giving you the tools to take more serious action . The National Renters Alliance has over twenty years ' experience in tenancy and housing repair matters . If you are unsure about which housing repairs you are responsible for please visit our frequently asked questions . Often landlords and letting agents use renter 's lack of knowledge of their rights to give them a raw deal . You do not need to suffer due to poor housing conditions . Contact the National Renters Alliance today and see how we can help you with housing repair problems .
Is your landlord or letting agent not returning your deposit ? Was your deposit placed in a government-backed deposit guarantee scheme within 30 days of the start of your tenancy ? Is your landlord or letting agent making false claims about professional cleaning to unfairly take money from your deposit ? Unfortunately , this is becoming the norm rather than the exception . The National Renters Alliance team has over twenty years ' experience helping renters recover their rightfully owed money . Please see our frequently asked questions about common reasons landlords use to take money from your deposit . If your landlord is unjustified , the National Renters Alliance could help you get your deposit back if you act quickly . Please contact us if your landlord or letting agent has unfairly taken money from your deposit .
DATE ADDED : 14/01/2017
Increasing numbers of Housing Benefit claimants are being excluded from the private rental sector as the number of properties listed as ‘ No DSS ' grows according to a House of Commons Briefing Paper . ‘ No DSS ' ( standing for “ Department of Social Security ” which was replaced by the Department for Work and Pensions 16 years ago ) means the landlord or agent wo n't rent a property to someone on housing benefit or local housing allowance . Read more
DATE ADDED : 09/01/2017
Around a million renters living in HMOs ( Houses in Multiple Occupation ) will soon benefit from extra protection from rogue landlords being planned by the government . HMOs , familiar to many students and flat sharers , are defined as properties shared by more than one unrelated persons . Typically these may be groups of friends such as is common for student accommodation or by strangers . Typically the house sharers will have their own bedrooms but will share communal areas such as bathrooms or kitchens . Read more
DATE ADDED : 09/01/2017
Britain 's biggest landlord , Fergus Wilson has banned “ battered wives ” from his properties claiming he does not want to risk ex-husbands or boyfriends returning to destroy his houses . Perhaps Britain 's most notorious buy-to-let landlord , Wilson is no stranger to controversy . In 2014 he sent eviction notices to over 200 of his tenants , many from low income backgrounds , claiming that he was “ sending battered wives back to their partners to be beaten up again ” . He was also convicted in the same year for assaulting an estate agent over a broken boiler which he denied , claiming that he was “ too fat to punch anybody or even tie his own shoelaces ” . Read more
Naughty Dog Wanted to Put a Crash Bandicoot Game Inside Uncharted 4
While Naughty Dog is mostly known nowadays for the Uncharted franchise and The Last of Us , the studio originally started its string of hits with former Sony-exclusive platformer , Crash Bandicoot .
Will we see Naughty Dog develop another Crash game anytime soon ? With Sony not owning the IP anymore , the chances are very , very slim , but that does n't mean Naughty Dog has forgotten about the marsupial . In an interview , Game Director Bruce Straley was asked if he was able to embed a playable retro title into one his games , what would it be .
And surprise , surprise ! Straley admitted that there were “ conversations ” if it were all possible . And yes , they wanted to include Crash Bandicoot inside Uncharted 4 .
Well , there 's actually been a conversation about if it were at all possible—which it 's not , let me emphasize—but we wanted to put a Crash Bandicoot game inside . Not gon na happen , though . Do n't worry .
Unfortunately , Straley confirms once more that Crash is n't owned by Sony , so it 's not going to happen .
Yeah . It 's not our title . Sony does n't own it , so we do n't have control .
Ah , well , one can dream , right ? Which old Naughty Dog franchise would you want the studio to resurrect ? Would it be Jak & Daxter or Crash Bandicoot ? I personally would n't say no to a new Crash Team Racing ; either that or a new Way of the Warrior .
[ Source : AV Club via NeoGAF ]
Image caption The government says 100 million Americans do not have broadband
A majority of Americans believe the government 's plan to deliver a high speed internet connection to every citizen by 2020 is either not important or should not be embarked upon .
The Pew Internet Project said 52 % of survey respondents felt that way while 40 % felt the issue was a top priority .
The surprise outcome comes amid a fierce debate about broadband .
`` We are in economic hard times and any government spending is a hard sell , '' said report author Aaron Smith .
`` The recession could be behind this sentiment that other issues are more important . It could also be that many non-users are nervous about a government promoting technology that they do n't use , are unsure of and see as not really offering much of a clear benefit to them , '' Mr Smith told BBC News .
The public interest group , Public Knowledge , which has been very vocal in support of the government 's broadband aims said the figures are nothing to worry about .
`` I agree a large part of this is down to people saying money should be spent on recovery efforts , basic services or national defence and not something that might be couched or thought of as a luxury , '' said the group 's deputy legal director Sherwin Siy .
`` But building out broadband contributes to all of these things . During the last century people did n't recognise the benefits of electrification simply because they had gotten on fine before . It 's the same here . ''
Facebook continues to support principles of net neutrality for both landline and wireless networks Facebook
US regulators said the report does not undermine the administration 's efforts and instead points to a need for further education about the importance of broadband for everything from jobs to health to education .
`` There are still too many barriers to broadband adoption in America , '' said Jen Howard , spokeswoman for the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) .
`` That 's why the broadband plan lays out a strategy for improving digital literacy and ensuring that all Americans can take full advantages of the benefits of broadband . ''
The Obama administration , which has dedicated $ 7.2 billion in stimulus money for broadband grants , has said that fast access to the internet is essential to encourage innovation and help the economy grow .
Promising signs
The study , which questioned 2,252 American adults , also found that broadband adoption has slowed `` dramatically '' over the last year . With penetration presently at 66 % , researchers noted little has changed from the 63 % mark recorded last year .
There was some measure of comfort in the result that 56 % of the African-American community now have broadband connections in the home compared to 46 % in 2009 .
`` This is an important story when talking about digital divide issues , '' said the report 's Mr Smith .
`` It is something that is new and that we have not seen before . Last year African-American growth was well below normal . ''
Mr Smith noted the change could be down to the fact this sector of the population was starting out from a smaller base of users and also that they are now more likely to own mobile phones , use the mobile web and social media apps .
'Vibrant and competitive '
In recent weeks the government 's broadband plan has been the subject of heated debate , especially the principle known as net neutrality which is seen as a lynch pin of the initiative .
Net neutrality describes a principle where all web data is treated equally and no traffic is given priority on the network .
Last week the FCC halted closed-door meetings with service providers and internet companies to find a consensus on the issue . This week , search giant Google and telecoms titan Verizon unveiled its suggestions to help resolve the log jam .
It was greeted with a torrent of criticism for suggesting that fixed line broadband and mobile broadband should be treated differently .
While public interest and consumer groups have slated the proposals , social networking site Facebook is the biggest company to go public in its denunciation .
`` Facebook continues to support principles of net neutrality for both landline and wireless networks , '' the company said in a statement .
`` Preserving an open internet that is accessible to innovators - regardless of their size or wealth - will promote a vibrant and competitive marketplace where consumers have ultimate control over the content and services delivered through their internet connections . ''
The federal government will introduce a bill Tuesday to strip retirement benefits from serial killer Clifford Olson and hundreds of other federal inmates .
The bill comes out of a review ordered by Prime Minister Stephen Harper into reports that Olson receives $ 1,100 a month from Old Age Security and the Guaranteed Income Supplement .
The two benefits programs are intended to raise the standard of living for the nation 's poorest seniors . Olson and other retirement-aged inmates who receive no other income are currently entitled to access the programs .
Clifford Olson , left , leaves a B.C . provincial court in 1981 . Reports suggest the convicted killer receives $ 1,100 a month in retirement benefits . ( ( Nick Didlick/UPC/Canadian Press ) )
Sources told the CBC that Human Resources Minister Diane Finley will table the proposed legislation in the House of Commons . It will affect about 400 federal inmates aged 65 or older who receive payments from these programs .
The bill urges provinces to follow the federal government 's lead . If the provinces agree , another 600 inmates in provincial jails will lose their benefits .
Finley is expected to say inmates already have their basic needs looked after by the state and therefore do n't need the benefits .
Sources say the change would save $ 2 million a year , and $ 10 million dollars each year if the provinces sign on .
Olson , 70 , killed 11 boys and girls in British Columbia before he was sentenced to life in prison in 1982 . Olson , who has never shown remorse for his crimes , is serving 11 consecutive life sentences in a maximum security prison in Quebec .
His retirement benefit money has been put in trust .
He was also paid $ 100,000 by the RCMP to lead them to the bodies of his victims . That money was put in trust for his estranged wife and son .
( CNN ) -- A sailor is accusing the Navy of baselessly trying to discharge him for `` unprofessional conduct '' in an effort to get around the recent `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' repeal , after being found asleep in the same bed with another male sailor .
Navy Petty Officer Stephen Jones , a student at the Naval Nuclear Power Training Command in Charleston , South Carolina , told CNN that on the night of February 5 , a male sailor stopped by to watch the CW TV show `` Vampire Diaries . ''
`` He has come over to watch shows in the past , '' Jones said .
The two watched the show on his bed but accidentally fell asleep . Jones says his roommate walked in around midnight .
`` My roommate walked in and it woke me up , '' Jones said . He then woke up his friend , Navy Petty Officer Bryan McGee , who according to Jones , immediately left the room .
But the Navy is proceeding with discharging Jones , charging him with `` willful failure to exhibit professional conduct , '' Jones ' lawyer , Greg Myers said .
`` It is a violation of the Command Instruction for sailors to act unprofessionally in the barracks . It is considered unprofessional conduct to share the same bed in Navy barracks , '' said Thomas Dougan , a spokesman for the Naval Nuclear Power Training Command .
Jones , who claims nothing sexual happened , said they were both clothed , him in pajama pants and a white t-shirt and McGee in boxers , and that two were not under the covers together . Jones was lying above the covers while McGee lay below .
The play-by-play given by Jones is substantiated by the Naval investigating documents , although a different account on the amount of clothing worn was given by Jones ' roommate who claimed in his naval statement that both sailors were only dressed in their boxers .
Jones ' roommate , who was uncomfortable by what he saw , according to Myers , Jones ' attorney , moved out of the room a day later and reported the incident to command officials . An investigation was launched , ending with the Command attempting to punish Jones and McGee by a `` Captain 's Mast , '' a non-judicial procedure meant to avoid a court martial .
McGee , who declined to comment on the case , accepted the mast and punishment but Jones refused , moving the Navy to begin proceedings to discharge him . Punishment by Captain 's Mast could have resulted in loss of rank , forfeiture of pay , or jeopardized Jones ' top secret security clearance , Myers said .
`` I 'm not pleading guilty to something that I did n't do . I did not commit a crime , '' said Jones . `` I am the type of person that takes responsibility for my actions . If I break a rule , I take my punishment . And I know I did not break any rules . ''
Myers also said he is adamant that no crime was committed .
`` In the end , Jones was charged with falling asleep while watching a show on his computer while on his bed over the covers where another man under the covers was also sleeping . This is not a crime and never will be as there was and is no duty to avoid such a circumstance as a matter of laws , '' said Myers in a statement sent to the Navy .
Jones and his lawyer charge that the Naval Command suspects Jones of being gay and wants to discharge him for that reason alone .
`` This Command suspects that Jones is a homosexual but has no proof . It can not invoke 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' because there is no homosexual conduct and there is no admission of homosexuality . Yet this homophobic Command is using its suspicions to reach the same result as though there were , '' said Myers . `` This is bigotry disguised as the rule of law . ''
Jones would not comment on his sexual orientation saying , `` that is my business and my business alone '' .
President Obama signed the so-called `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' repeal into law in December but it 's not officially off the books until Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the President give the OK that the military is ready to implement the repeal .
For now , the `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy remains in place , although no military personnel have been discharged under that policy since October , when Gates changed procedures to have such separations reviewed at the highest levels , a point , Myers says , was not forgotten by the Naval Command .
`` The Secretary of Defense has said that 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' cases will be reviewed at the highest levels . This case is disguised as misconduct to avoid that result , '' said Myers . `` This is a subterfuge being used by this Commander because he does not have the elements of proof to separate him for homosexuality , but he suspects homosexuality , so he has created this illusion that Stephen has engaged in misconduct of some form . ''
The Navy denies the separation proceedings are based on the suspicion of homosexual behavior .
`` Naval Nuclear Power Training Command is not administratively processing either of these sailors for separation based on sexual orientation , '' said Dougan .
But one gay rights group worries this case may be an example of some in the military trying to get around the `` do n't ask do n't tell '' repeal by charging suspected homosexuals with other offenses .
`` We 've seen this before , '' said Alex Nicholson , executive director of Servicemembers United , the nation 's largest organization of gay and lesbian troops and veterans . `` Here is the classic text book case of trumping up charges and exaggerating an event to try to punish someone . And this is exactly what the senior defense leadership has said would not and should not happen when DADT goes away . ''
For now , the 21-year-old Jones says that even though he is disappointed in the Naval Command , he just wants to keep his job and finish his training to become a nuclear operator on an aircraft carrier or a submarine .
`` I enjoyed my job . I enjoyed the environment and I was interested in what I was learning . It has been challenging but it was definitely something that I wanted to complete , '' said Jones .
Augur 's crowdfunding campaign has been an incredible success by any measure . It has already surpassed three million USD , even considering the drop in Bitcoin 's price . The crowd-powered prediction market has definitely apparently touched a nerve in the cryptocurrency world and it seems everyone wants a part of it .
What makes Augur unique is the way it settles bets , rather than relying on some sort of central authority , users who participated in the crowdsale can use purchased Reputation tokens ( REP ) to vote on the outcome . In exchange for voting with the majority , users are rewarded with more REP , and therefore have an economic incentive to vote correctly .
You could almost call it “ proof-of-truth ” or at least “ proof-of-contribution. ” Not unlike how Bitcoin 's “ true ” block chain is based on the concept that there will be more honest miners than any one group of malicious miners working together and therefore the longest chain with the most proof-of-work will be the correct one . With Augur , the idea is that since the most prediction 's results will be public knowledge , more people will vote honestly than any one group attempting to throw off the results .
The difference between the two systems , astute observers might notice , is that in Bitcoin , malicious actors have untold numbers of ways to go with their attempted scam but many of the predictions on Augur will be binary . X or Y , something either happened or it did n't . In those cases any malicious actors would have an incentive to work together , unlike in Bitcoin . X happened but they want Y . Everyone who wanted Y could vote for Y and theoretically throw off the results .
But , even considering that , it seems unlikely that malicious actors would be able to overcome the honest ones . Most REP holders wo n't be betting on any particular outcome , just judging it , and so most of them will have no reason to lie . Furthermore , REP will hold some ( likely significant ) value and throwing off Augur 's results would destroy the faith in the system and therefore REP 's value . Just as mining pools with incredible amounts of hashing power theoretically have an incentive against taking advantage of their position , because doing so would tank Bitcoin 's value , the same thing applies here .
Following that logic , it seems that Augur will be safe from malicious actors , but this is uncharted territory so we will have to see how it plays out . Certainly , the more REP voters there are , the safer Augur should be and judging by their crowdsale , there will be a lot of REP holders . During my conversation with Director of Operations Jeremy Gardner and Core Developer Joey Krug , it became clear that they have full confidence in the knowledge of the crowd .
Which is what Augur is really about . I , as I suspect many others did , initially saw Augur as a novel way to gamble . Centralized prediction markets already exist , but they have issues with liquidity and from a gambler 's perspective , I 'd much rather just deal with an established sports book .
But the potential of Augur goes far beyond that . They do n't see sports books as their primary competition , or even centralized prediction markets . What Augur offers that no other technology to date has been able to offer , is the insight it provides into the knowledge of the mob .
It is in vogue to paint the average person as stupid . With Donald Trump leading the polls for the Republican presidential primary , it can be a hard position to argue against . But the truth is that the crowd tends to actually be a fairly accurate predictor .
This is best illustrated in the guess the jelly beans in a jar game ( or gum balls or any other small item ) It is rare that anyone will actually guess the correct number , but if you take the average of a group of significant size , the result is surprisingly close to the answer .
But how will the knowledge of the crowd apply to more complex issues ? The success or failure of a political campaign , the ability of a game company to ship their product on time , or which horse is going to win the Kentucky Derby . All these examples are significantly more complex than simply counting the number of jelly beans in a jar .
These are the kind of questions Augur is going to answer : exactly how powerful is the crowd ? But as ambitious as that is , it is n't the only thing Augur is hoping to accomplish . Gardener 's idea about it being used to give a financial incentive to whistle blowers is not something I had thought of .
We discuss that , how the system will work and everything else I could think to ask them .
Ian DeMartino : So , how did you guys like crowdfunding using Ethereum ? Obviously , it has been a big success , but did you run into any technical or practical snags ?
Joey Krug : Part of it is [ built using Ethereum ] . So there are two halves , The bitcoin side just uses blockchain.info 's api to generate addresses which forward to our multisig , [ that part is ] pretty simple . Now the Ethereum side was a bit more complex .
We 're accepting Ether via a smart contract on the Ethereum chain . So , to make that a bit easier to use for people , we 've created a helper within our sale site at sale.augur.net which has people input their Ethereum address and how much ether they want to buy in . Then , it gives them stuff to copy and paste on their local computer , which sends the funds to our contract ( which records the time they bought and how much they bought + from what address ) and then it forwards it to our ether address .
Ian DeMartino : cool , so , with most altcoins , which I know augur is not , just stay with me for a second , people generally invest in them for speculative reasons . They are interested in the features but usually only for the potential to increase the price . Even asset tokens or whatever you want to call them tend to fall into the same trap of being driven by speculation . Do you think REP will be an early example of the exception to that ? Where , while some people are purchasing with speculation in mind , many more are purchasing REP tokens for entertainment or fun ? ( I know REP is used for voting not betting , I just think people will find that fun . )
Jeremy Gardner : Yes , I think it is the perfect exception because unlike with alt coins , there is are tangible incentives to hold the REP token
1 . You help create and maintain the world 's first decentralized oracle/consensus system
2 . You get a portion of the trading fees distributed at the end of each reporting cycle !
So , as Augur scales , and more people use it , with more trading fees being collected , the more you 're rewarded , simply for saying whether an event occurred or not !
It 's fun to be among this global community of reporters , maintaining this system , and for the first time turning “ history ” into “ ourstory ” , and you 're rewarded as a result .
Ian DeMartino : Are you concerned that the system could become overwhelmed if it becomes too popular ? That it might annoy some REP users if they have to answer dozens of events a day ?
Jeremy Gardner : So the way reporting works – and I 'll let Joey expand upon this – is that REP holders report on the outcome of events during reporting cycles , which occur every eight weeks , for a month-long period . So really , REP holders only have to report for a couple of hours , once every two months
Joey Krug : The way we plan to scale things is there [ will ] be a minimum set of markets you have to report on – the ones with the most volume , every 2 months , then beyond that you can report on more events if you like , but you 're not required to . We want the minimum set to take roughly two hours every two months . To do so , it might take some tuning to get the number right .
Ian DeMartino : Gotcha . On the other end of scale though is not being popular enough . The crowdsale is a huge indication that you will start with a significant userbase . But , I have seen quasi-sportbooks that allow you to bet on any user-defined thing and the problem is that a lot of bets do n't get enough action on them to make it worth it for other betters to join . A sort of chicken or the egg kind of thing .
Do you think anything needs to be done to solve that problem , or do you think the early success of Augur should solve it ? ( or something else I 'm not thinking of )
Joey Krug : So I think there are a few things that help with the liquidity issues — one is that we use a market scoring rule as opposed to traditional order book , so there does n't always have to be a direct counterparty at the time you trade . Another is that we 're currently talking with market makers to help provide liquidity on augur .
Jeremy Gardner : Furthermore , by having this sale , what is created is a massive network of supporters of the project that will create and participate in markets and encourage others to use the platform
Ian DeMartino : Cool . So , how will betting work exactly ? is it as simple as X amount is on this side vs X amount on that side ? Do you think gamblers will enjoy that more than a sportsbook based on the Vegas consensus odds ?
Joey Krug : It 's based on the number of outstanding shares of each side of the outcome
Ian DeMartino : Can there be multiple sides , like for horse racing ?
Joey Krug : Yeah , we call those markets “ categorical ” where you can have a bunch of outcomes .
Ian DeMartino : Who do you guys see as our primary competition ? Sportsbooks ? Other prediction markets ? Or are you sitting in a niche all your own ?
Joey Krug : It 's hard to say exactly because on Augur anyone can create a market on whatever they want . Presumably , the most popular markets on augur will be the ones where it has the most competitive advantage , but the market itself will answer that question a lot better than me !
Jeremy Gardner : I do n't see any primary competition , I see secondary competition such as sports books , Vegas , sure . However , I think they stand to benefit from us more than compete with us . They can use the global odds-making engine that is Augur for their own profit . But to say that we are our own niche would not be inaccurate . I simply do n't believe there can be two of what we do successfully .
Ian DeMartino : Right , Vegas likes to get people betting as close to 50 % on each side so that they win no matter what . It will be interesting to see if Augur becomes a predictor of where the Vegas odds will go . Any thoughts on that ?
Jeremy Gardner : I think that 's exactly right , The odds made by Augur , assuming liquidity and volume , will force Vegas to conform to the predicted odds as set by the masses , But we 're far from experts on gambling . We really see Augur more as a forecasting engine , than as a gambling tool . I think that distinction has to be clear . We are giving probabilities of any event .
Ian DeMartino : Building off of that then , do you think that Augur will prove that the masses are correct in their predictions , perhaps more so than so-called experts ?
Jeremy Gardner : Mostly , There are anomalies , always . Will American Pharaoh win the triple crown Odds said yes , but there 's a chance the car carrying the horse overturned , or it spontaneously combusts on the race track . But , when it comes to fairly predictable outcomes , such as elections and general trends , I think the masses will vastly outperform any given expert . Even product launch dates or climatological events . I just do n't think [ prediction markets ] can predict arbitrary , random events well . Everything else , they 'll do better .
Ian DeMartino : Well , there were lots of examples of horses that won the first two legs [ of the Triple Crown ] and then failed the third . They were always betting favorites . But I see your point .
Jeremy Gardner : I meant , the horse had a better chance than any other , but it still could have been abducted by aliens in the middle of the race , and there 's no way that could have been accounted for .
Ian DeMartino : So , just a few more Questions , where do you guys see this in 5 years ?
Jeremy Gardner : In five years , when you go on Google and type “ Will Jeremy Gardner be elected CEO of Bitcoin in 2020 ? ”
Jeremy Gardner : Google will spit back , “ Augur gives a .0001 % probability of that occurring ”
Joey Krug : Or you ask Siri that question and she pulls the latest augur estimate from wolfram alpha
Jeremy Gardner : Exactly .
Ian DeMartino : Anything else you 'd like to talk about ?
Jeremy Gardner : I just want to reemphasize that this is a tool for understanding the collective wisdom of humanity , and rewarding those make good predictions about the future .
Sure , you can talk about Vegas and sports books , but I really think that misses the point . This is an early warning system for the world , A way to tap into our collective consciousness , in a manner that has never before been possible . I think that 's a much more interesting story than gambling .
Ian DeMartino : The wisdom of the crowd , I think it 'll be interesting to see it square off against whatever AI they have in that time .
Normally I make that my last question , but I just thought of one more relating to what you just said .
So , a pretty clear problem I think people have these days is being able to tell which experts are credible . If you google “ do cell phones cause cancer ? ” you 'll find seemingly credible experts on both sides . The same can be said about pretty much any controversial subject .
I 've written in the past about how our education system needs to be focused more on giving people the tools to discern the more credible between competing “ experts ” rather than trying to shove an entire world 's worth of facts into their brains .
Do you think that an “ early warning system ” like Augur could be used to help people figure out which experts are credible and which are n't by looking at the wisdom of the crowd ?
Jeremy Gardner : Absolutely , because any PhD can be bought off to represent specific interests , [ just ] look at the climate change debate and the Koch brothers . However , when the PhD themselves has to put their money where their mouth is , things get a lot more interesting . Especially with topics where there is n't as much vested financial interest ( as obviously manipulation can always happen ) . Furthermore , Augur is great for creating a decentralized whistleblowing incentive system .
Ian DeMartino : I had not thought of that use case , can you explain more ?
Jeremy Gardner : A market could be made for “ Evidence that senior officials at the SEC have received bribes from Goldman Sachs will be exposed and lead to top level resignations in the next ten months ” the market maker could bet a bunch of money that that wo n't happen and then someone at the SEC or Goldman Sachs now has a massive financial incentive to bet that it does happen and anonymously give the evidence to the DOJ , knowing they can be rewarded without compromising their identity .
We want to thank Jeremy Gardner and Joey Krug for taking the time to talk to us . Augur 's crowdsale continues until October 1st 2015 , you can find it here .
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe , try again later Invalid Email
The long-planned replacement of a beach which is also a vital sea defence is set to go ahead after the Welsh Government announced more than £2m of funding for Porthcawl .
The cash will help pay for the £3m revamp of the Town Beach , which is also known as the Tarmac or concrete beach .
In an announcement made on Tuesday , the Welsh Government said the existing sea defences were constructed in 1984 and a recent inspection found the structure to be in a deteriorating condition and coming to the end of its viable life .
The current defences protect several million pounds worth of homes and commercial properties along the Esplanade , including the Grand Pavilion .
The Government said that when complete the strengthened defences will reduce the risk of flooding and erosion from the sea to 260 properties .
( Image : Peter Bolter )
Bridgend council will pay the difference for the scheme , which will cost a total of £3,065,528 .
The £2,299,146 announced on Tuesday will enable works to be carried out to improve the defences , which will include :
• the partial demolition of the existing structure
• replacement of the existing asphalt with a new terraced structure which will be surfaced in a sand colour in line with the responses from the public consultation .
Cabinet Secretary for Environment and Rural Affairs , Lesley Griffiths , said : “ I am pleased to be able to provide this vital funding to strengthen sea defences in Porthcawl , which will provide reassurance to those who live and work in or visit this popular tourist destination .
“ We have invested unprecedented levels of funding in recent years and over the lifetime of this Government we will be investing over £144m capital funding in flood and coastal erosion risk management schemes around Wales . ”
( Image : Peter Bolter )
Councillor Richard Young , Bridgend council 's cabinet member for communities , said : “ This significant investment from the Welsh Assembly is excellent news for Porthcawl and will enable Bridgend County Borough Council to continue to protect the town centre and seafront area from flooding while also offering a more visually pleasing ‘ terraced ' design for the sea defences .
“ The contract for the work is currently being finalised and I am looking forward to being able to reveal more details about the project very soon . ”
The concrete beach underwent a major upgrade in 2005 at a cost of almost £500,000 .
A new 12-inch layer of asphalt had to be laid after damage the previous winter made urgent repairs necessary .
Consultation on the new design began in 2013 .
The Grammy-award winning songstress is making it easier for you to get vampy lips like hers this summer .
There 's no denying that we 're totally into Lorde 's signature beauty look -- vampy lips in dark shades of deep berry and purple . Now , fans ( us , included ! ) can get in on the action , as MAC Cosmetics has announced its collaboration with the `` Royals '' songstress for a limited-edition makeup collection available this summer .
PHOTOS : 10 Global Pop Icons : Exclusive Portraits of Lorde , Ellie Goulding , Phoenix
While details on the line have yet to be released , it 's likely to consist of moody colors inspired by the 17-year-old performer , according to The Cut .
`` I have loved MAC Cosmetics since I was a little kid . I remember saving up to buy my very first MAC lipstick [ Snob ] at 14 , and it was used by about 20 of my friends ! '' Lorde said in a statement . `` MAC has a very clear aesthetic that has always felt fashion forward to me . So I was really excited to work with them on these products , which I use pretty much every day and night . I hope you will , too . ''
Lorde also works closely with Amber Dreadon , a MAC senior artist for Oceania who travels with the singer on tour .
A recent early morning image of the Broadway site ( Live cam )
Friday morning , the final United States space shuttle mission with humans aboard lifted off . The American dream continues , said the NASA-TV announcer . He did n't say where , exactly . When it comes to managing $ 1.9 billion public transportation projects , people do n't tend to talk about things like “ adventure ” and the “ unknown. ” But beneath our feet , an impressive journey is beginning on Capitol Hill in an environment that we ca n't see and have only just explored . Here is a look at Sound Transit 's twin light rail tunnels from the planet 's surface and some of the things we 'll see as the journey continues below .
First , what 's happening underground
You might not know it but the adventure has already started . The tunnel boring machine working its way from Montlake to Broadway is already digging your way . Once crews and equipment settle into pace , the machine will bore 40 feet of tunnel per day .
Friday afternoon , a machine will begin to tunnel from Broadway to downtown — a 7/10ths of a mile journey to an extraction shaft on Pine near the Paramount . There , sometime near the end of 2011 , she 'll bust through the concrete wall of the shaft , be taken apart and brought to the surface , and then trucked back to Broadway where her journey will begin again on the companion tunnel to downtown . The double journey is a necessity of space — Pine Street does n't have the space needed to store and ship out the mounds of dirt the process will remove .
The 21-foot diameter tunnels will be a crowded and cramped environment as the trailing conveyor belts , cabling and tracks fill much of the space .
As it travels through the earth , the machine and its 10-man crew will place concrete rings to form the tunnel . Dirt from the excavation travels through the machine and onto long conveyor belts which bring spoils to the surface to be hauled away . The belt at the Montlake site , by the way , will be 2 miles long at its maximum reach .
Watching the spoil pile grow at the Broadway and Montlake construction sites is one way for those of us on the surface to see evidence of the work going on below . Check out http : //capitolhillseattle.com/lightrail for a live cam view .
The first line of defense against ‘ sandy voids '
This is n't Sound Transit 's first light rail tunnel in Seattle , of course , and the agency says it has learned from problems it encountered with “ sandy voids ” in Beacon Hill .
Sound Transit documents detailing the geology and soils of the planned University Link tunnels say the same type of structures exist deep underneath Capitol Hill .
Glacial lacustrine deposits were encountered beneath the outwash deposits to the depth of the borings ( 130 to 160 feet ) . For alternatives to Capitol Hill , greater thicknesses of pre-Vashon non-glacial fluvial deposits were observed in borings drilled by the PSTC Design Team ( 2005 ) , which appear to thicken from upwards of 60 to 80 feet of granular soils near the Montlake Cut to more than 130 feet near E Roy Street .
Sound Transit dug dozens of test bores across the Hill , some down to about 400 feet near the water tower at Volunteer Park . The results confirmed the comparable geology — layers of clay and sand throughout most of the Hill .
But there 's no way to create a 100 % certain view of the soil below . Imaging technology for soil remains imprecise . Test bores only reveal so much . There is still room for the unknown .
Sound Transit , though , says there 's not much room thanks to three factors it believes should help the Capitol Hill project avoid the problems with voids created in Beacon Hill .
1 ) Earth Pressure Balance
The most important of these is an increased understanding of the importance of maintaining constant and balanced pressure on the soils around the boring machines . As the machine 's massive cutter head chews through the earth , a chamber behind the head swallows the dirt and mixes it with a soapy foam that makes the soil easier to move . The key is to keep that chamber just full enough that the outward pressure matches the pressure exerted by nearby earth and water .
“ You only want to take out what you need to take out , ” said Rick Capka , construction manager for the contract U-230 portion of the tunnels from Broadway to downtown .
Ready for lift-off ( Image : CHS )
2 ) Grout Take
In addition to the monitors helping the crew maintain the proper EPB , systems will also monitor the amount of grout being used to seal the tunnel as the concrete ring segments are added along the route . An unusual amount of grout could indicate a reduction of pressure on the tunnel . And reduced pressure could mean , yes , a sandy void .
3 ) Material Measurement
One last straightforward and relatively obvious step should help the Hill 's tunnel boring machines do a good job . Materials — dirt , rocks , mud , etc . — will be weighed as they are removed . An unusual amount of dirt — either too much or too little — could indicate something is amiss and trigger further investigation . Boring will pause , more intelligence will be gathered and , if a void has been created , a crew will pump the area full of a cement-based mixture and shore up nearby soils by pumping more of the grout into drilled holes to reinforce the area .
Back on the Surface
Back up top , the adventure will play out in less exotic but equally important ways . In addition to giving you a better understanding of the process , Sound Transit 's various monitoring technologies also serve as indicators of the progress below .
Round the Clock Work
Starting in a few weeks after the start of boring at the Capitol Hill site , the Broadway station construction area will transition into a 24-hour-a-day operation . Remember that whole earth pressure thing ? Sound Transit says its safest to operate the tunnel boring machine continuously . That will mean non-stop operations in the tunnel — and above as spoils are brought to the surface and support work continues at the station area .
Settlement Points
Some 735 settlement point markers line the path the tunnels will follow between the university and downtown . 473 of these are attached to buildings and structures along the route . It is measurement and monitoring by brute force . As the boring progresses , teams of surveyors will fan out across the Hill to record the positions of the surface markers . Any change in position will be evaluated for its potential as a sign of problems below .
Sound Transit logs photographic and video information for every structure along the route . In Beacon Hill when a church complained that cracks had developed on its property , the agency was able to show that the cracks had been there all along thanks to the imagery .
Between Husky Stadium and downtown , the twin tunnels will be dug beneath about 250 homes and several municipal structures at depths between 15 feet ( beneath the Montlake cut ) and 300 feet ( beneath Volunteer Park ) below the surface . The deepest digging past Broadway will bottom out at a still impressive 150 feet below the pavement .
The survey crews will serve as a kind of indicator of the boring machine 's progress . The crews will be found on the leading edge of where the machine is moving toward and , then , again , as the machine moves through an area .
Extensometers
66 extensometers will monitor any movement of the soil at depth near the bored tunnels ' paths . The devices are basically long cables — some on the route as long as 400 feet — that will hang down shafts already drilled to where the top of the 21-foot diameter tunnels will be . The extensometers log data and transmit it wirelessly for ongoing analysis of the route . They 're more expensive so are deployed strategically near critical points .
Inclinometers
In the areas of loose soils created by ancient landslide deposits on the north edge of the Hill and on both sides of I-5 , Sound Transit is deploying devices called inclinometers to monitor for movement on the slopes . The inclinometers measure tilt . Any change in the degrees measured could indicate instability in the soil below .
The journey
Sound Transit is n't sure yet how it will communicate progress on the tunneling . Regular monthly bulletins on the U-Link project will continue and there should be a few Twitter updates along the way , a spokesperson says . CHS will be watching the spoils pile up and be carted away to disposal sites contracted to take the Capitol Hill mud in places like Snohomish County and beyond . You can watch for survey crews and listen for the hopefully not-too-loud hum of machinery with the Broadway site shifted into round-the-clock mode . All in all , it wo n't match the excitement of a shuttle launch but as far as that whole American dream thing goes , a subway running from the airport to our largest university — and through the heart of our very own neighborhood — is a good start .
Dragon Age : Origins , Medal of Honor : Warfighter , Nihilumbra also join the service
As we say goodbye to 2015 , we are giving gamers an epic dose of nostalgia with some reinvented and remastered classics on PS4 ! And as it 's the festive season , you can boot up your PS4 in style courtesy of PlayStation Plus with a free exclusive festive theme ; out now , and come 5th January 2016 you can also download a free exclusive Grim Fandango Remastered theme !
A very special thanks to all our members – we wish you happy holidays and a joyful New Year . I 'll see you back here in 2016 !
Here 's the full list of great titles that await you on 5th January :
Hardware : Rivals
New Year , brand-new game ! Buckle up as you plough through action-packed , adrenaline-fuelled unique combat arenas ; claiming bounties , completing challenges and wreaking terrible vengeance upon old adversaries . Hunt down your enemies in armoured tanks , or swap power for crazy speed in Fast Attack vehicles as you battle it out with your fellow PlayStation Plus members . Check out the insane action below !
Grim Fandango : Remastered
One of the most acclaimed adventure games of all time is back , and yes ; it is better than ever . In Double Fine 's class romp , experience the incredible story of Manny Calavera , travel agent to the dead . You 'll explore four years in the life ( or death ) of Manny , and there 's never been a better time to play , with entirely remastered visuals , sound and controls . See for yourself below .
You thought that was it ? Ha ! Boot up your PS3 and PS Vita systems and get lost in the mystical world of Dragon Age : Origins ( PS3 ) , battle in a world war with Medal of Honor : Warfigther ( PS3 ) , fight for survival in Nihilumbra ( PS Vita ) and command the U.S. Third Army from France to Berlin in , Legends of War : Patton ( PS Vita ) .
Last chance !
2015 is nearly over and so is your chance to download December 's games . Do n't procrastinate – you 've only got until 4th January 2016 !
Community
The PlayStation Plus Winter Trials competition is live ! Complete challenges to win exclusive prizes every day including exclusive Gauntlet goodies from the Arrowhead Devs !
Create an account now to take part in this month 's challenges !
Never miss an update , opt in to our regular newsletters .
New year , new games , new to PlayStation Plus ? Join now from as little as £3.33/€4.17 a month !
January sales are here ! Shop now at PlayStation Store for hassle free , instant downloads , direct to your console .
WASHINGTON , Aug. 1 , 2013- The American Veterinary Medical Association ( AVMA ) is leading the renewed effort to eliminate the illegal practice of “ horse soring , ” a training method found most prevalently in Tennessee Walking Horses , Racking Horses , and Spotted Saddle Horses .
AVMA and the American Association of Equine Practitioners ( AAEP ) hosted a Capitol Hill briefing last week on H.R . 1518 , to Prevent All Soring Tactics ( PAST ) Act . Among other provisions , the bill would require USDA to license veterinarians to replace the industry 's existing inspection program .
Horse soring , which enhances the walking horse 's natural gait to create an exaggerated step known as the “ Big Lick , ” has been illegal since the passage of the 1970 Horse Protection Act ( HPA ) . However , the practice is still prevalent in walking horse performance circles , as confirmed by a 2010 USDA Office of Inspector General report .
One of two veterinarians in Congress , Rep. Ted Yoho , R-Fla. , backs the legislation to amend the HPA . He said he 's seen evidence of the practice during his years as a large animal veterinarian . “ It 's abuse . It would be like belt sanding the skin off your feet and asking you to go run a race the next day , ” he said .
Although critical of government overspending and regulatory reach , Yoho said that the continued abusive practice calls for federal intervention .
“ The sad thing is that we have to have a bill to stop this , ” he said .
The PAST Act , sponsored by Rep. Ed Whitfield , R-Ky. , is currently awaiting action in the House Energy and Commerce Committee . Senator Kelly Ayotte , R-N.H. , is expected to introduce companion legislation in the Senate this week .
Walking horses are known for possessing a naturally high gait , but in order to be successful in competition , their natural gait is often exaggerated . USDA 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service ( APHIS ) acknowledges , “ The exaggerated gait can be achieved with proper training and considerable time ; however , some horse exhibitors , owners , and trainers have chosen to use improper training methods to achieve their desired ends . ”
Tennessee Walking Horse National Celebration in 2012 . Times Free Press .
Soring methods include applying caustic chemicals , such as kerosene or mustard oil , to the horses ' lower legs and then wrapping them in plastic for an extended period of time . This allows the chemicals to soak into the skin and makes the horses ' legs more sensitive . Some violators will grind or trim the hoof and sole excessively to make the hoof sensitive to hitting the ground , which exaggerates the natural gait .
These methods are often masked before shows . Trainers use numbing agents on horses to avoid detection , as well as methods that train the horse to associate flinching during leg and hoof pain tests with the worse pain of physical beating or “ stewarding . ”
A gaited horse may also be shod in stacked shoes up to four inches high at the heel with tightened metal bands or chains , which are currently legal under the HPA .
Ann Dwyer , president of the American Association of Equine Practitioners ( AAEP ) , said soring is still pervasive in the walking horse performance division . “ Forty years after the HPA , the industry has failed to police itself , ” she said .
Scarring on the heel bulbs due to soring practices . Courtesy of USDA . Provided by AVMA .
AVMA reported that at the 2012 Tennessee Walking Horse Celebration , 145 samples of 190 swab samples tested positive for prohibited foreign substances that indicate the use of soring , a 76 percent noncompliance rate . Celebration management reported only two positive swab samples .
Dwyer noted that most horse organizations are working toward the elimination of the practice . Several walking horse breeding organizations support the legislation as well as the National Walking Horse Association , which has a mission to promote “ the naturally gaited walking horse . ”
American Veterinary Medical Association CEO Ron DeHaven met with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack last week to brief him on the history of the Horse Protection Act and the problems with enforcing horse soring provisions .
“ The Secretary is sympathetic to the cause and supportive of the effort , ” DeHaven said after the meeting . “ He also understands concerns given the current budget climate . Any additional requirement has to come with funding . ”
However , he said some provisions can be implemented in a cost neutral way .
A group of about two dozen Horse Industry Organizations are certified by USDA to train designated qualified persons ( DQPs ) to inspect gaited horses at official shows . Under the PAST Act , the DQPs would be eliminated and replaced with USDA-certified veterinarians .
“ Currently , horse show management is paying the cost of DQPs , ” DeHaven said . “ There 's no reason a similar arrangement could n't be made where inspectors trained by USDA could be reimbursed by show management . ”
Under proposed system in the PAST Act , USDA would ensure that inspectors did not have a conflict of interest . For example , the 2010 OIG report found that many DQPs had direct relationships with the horse trainers or show management . The PAST Act ensures that inspectors are licensed by USDA instead of chosen by Horse Industry Organizations .
The PAST Act also increases the penalties for the practice , a proposal USDA appears to have heeded . In June of last year , the department required horse industry organizations to increase penalties on repeat offenders of the Horse Protection Act .
The rule provides “ an additional deterrent effect for people who have already shown a willingness to violate the HPA , ” said APHIS Public Affairs Specialist Tanya Espinosa .
USDA APHIS also made efforts to step up its oversight of inspectors with a limited budget by using part-time or seasonal employees .
However , in 2012 , there were 410 horse events inspected by DQPs , 77 of which were attended by APHIS . Almost 80 percent of the total violations for 2012 were filed at these 77 events , “ which supports the continued need for USDA oversight to enforce the HPA , ” Espinosa said .
In order increase the level of oversight , agency officials say they need more funds . USDA APHIS received $ 678,000 for horse inspection in 2013 , and has requested $ 893,000 for fiscal 2014 . According to APHIS 's Espinosa , the requested level of funding would allow the agency to increase foreign substance testing and attendance at horse shows .
But even with increased inspection and penalties , “ the most important provision of the Act is banning the use of action devices , because it eliminates the incentive to sore a horse , ” DeHaven said .
Gaited horses may be shod in stacked shoes with metal bands tightened across the hoof with or without chains around the pastern . This is not a violation of the Horse Protection Act . Courtesy of Friends of Sound Horses ( FOSH ) . Provided by AVMA .
X-rays may show surplus nails or screws added to increase the weight carried by the hoof or place pressure on the sole . Courtesy of USDA . Provided by AVMA .
Opponents to the PAST Act include The Cavalry Group as well as the Walking Horse Owners Association ( WHOA ) . WHOA 's board of directors recently approved a plan to support an alternative to the PAST Act . The Cavalry Group states that PAST “ does nothing to address the problem of unethical participants who are already in violation of existing laws , ” and highlights that the bill “ will remove all pads , weighted shoes , and all action devices from show horses of three specified breeds . ”
DeHaven noted that resistance within the walking horse industry is primarily in response to the proposed elimination of action devices , “ because that has become part of the culture. ” He also noted that judges are rewarding the results of soring .
“ They have a judging system based on rewarding that ‘ Big Lick ' gait and arguably the only way to get that is through soring a horse , ” DeHaven said .
“ Judges tend to turn a blind eye ” in the show ring , even though the evidence of horse soring can be obvious , AVMA officials stated during the Capitol Hill briefing .
The AVMA effort would encourage more sensible judging standards , according to AAEP 's Dwyer , “ so they acknowledge that this is an unnatural gate and that it should n't be rewarded . ”
A Tennessee Walking Horse “ standing in a bucket ” due to forelimb pain from soring . Courtesy of USDA . Provided by AVMA .
# 30
For more news , visit www.agri-pulse.com .
PARIS ( AP ) — Police in Paris detained five Greenpeace activists on Monday after they dangled from a bridge and unfurled banners on the Seine River that call for cuts in nuclear power , the environmental group said .
France has the world 's highest reliance on nuclear power — about two-thirds of its current energy production — and parliament is going to debate nuclear power this week . The activists protested on a bridge near the National Assembly , parliament 's lower house .
The banners — one floating on the water — showed a picture of President Francois Hollande and his campaign pledge to reduce France 's dependency on nuclear power to 50 percent by 2025 .
A Senate bill on nuclear power passed last week made no reference to that deadline . But the National Assembly has approved the timetable , and representatives from each chamber are working out the details starting Tuesday .
Energy and Environment Minister Segolene Royal said Greenpeace wants France out of nuclear energy production altogether and `` that 's not the government 's position . '' Asked on BFM-TV about the Greenpeace operation , she re-affirmed the 2025 date and said `` there 's no need to polemicize it . ''
In December , Paris is to host a U.N.-backed conference of 190 countries that aims to limit greenhouse gas emissions as part of efforts to fight global warming .
`` As a host of the climate summit , France has to come to the negotiations with a proper plan — a plan that reduces its share of nuclear to develop renewables '' like wind and solar energy , said Greenpeace climate activist Cyrille Cormier . `` Renewables are the only way to fight against climate change . ''
Not only have Twitter and Facebook stolen Digg 's media buzz , they 've now invaded founder Kevin Rose 's home turf . The Digg company blog has verified that the site no longer supports its Shout social-networking feature . Instead , Digg will let members use Facebook , Twitter and email to share stories posted to Digg 's website .
The little-used but often-exploited Shout was meant to encourage Digg users to interact with one another directly , rather than posting public comments . But for many it became a turn-off , filled with relentless self-promoters .
In some ways , Rose and company have thrown in the towel on growing Digg as huge as Facebook or Twitter . But they 've also outsourced a feature that falls outside of Digg 's core competency of peer-voted content . It 's a smart split that lets Digg connect with Facebook and Twitter users , without bringing them yet another spam channel .
[ Screenshot by Brent Csutoras ]
The short answer : Very hard .
In the spirit of From The Rink 's James Mirtle 's `` How hard is it to win the Stanley Cup ? '' and Habs Eyes on the Prize 's Robert L. 's `` How Hard Is It For A First-Round Pick To Win A Stanley Cup ? '' comes this exploration of the chances an Ottawa Senators draft choice might go on to win the Stanley Cup . The answer ?
Zero per cent .
Since the franchise first started drafting in the 1992 NHL Entry Draft , 151 prospects have had their name called by Ottawa brass , and not one of those individuals has gone on to hoist the Stanley Cup over their head . Certainly , the sample size is relatively small , and it 's true that only 14 per cent of NHLers ever win the championship , but does n't this indicate a fairly ugly drafting record for the seven all-time Ottawa Senators general managers ?
Pundits have historically given the Ottawa Senators some reasonable kudos for drafting well , thanks in large part to selecting diamonds-in-the-rough who are able to develop into regular NHL contributors . But for every Daniel Alfredsson ( 1994 , 6th round , 133 overall ) and Sami Salo ( 1996 , 9th round , 239 overall ) , there 's a Mathieu Chouinard ( 1998 , 1st round , 15 overall ) and Jakup Klepis ( 2002 , 1st round , 16 overall ) .
Although 41 per cent of the Senators ' 151 all-time draft choices ( 62 in real terms ) have gone on to play at least one NHL game , only 17 per cent ( or 26 players ) have hit the 200-game mark , and 8.6 ( 13 individuals ) per cent have played over 500 career NHL games . This , of course , includes players drafted in recent years who have n't had the opportunity to play in the NHL yet , but the statistics remain interesting nonetheless .
Although he and the Detroit Red Wings did n't manage to seal the deal on Tuesday night , Marian Hossa has the opportunity to be the first Ottawa Senators draft pick ever to win the Stanley Cup this Friday in game seven of the Stanley Cup Final . And if he does n't , well , it 's anyone 's guess as to who could be the first .
For anyone interested , here are the numbers for each draft year since the Senators ' joined the NHL :
2008 : 0/7
2007 : 0/4
2006 : 0/7
2005 : 0/8
2004 : 0/11
2003 : 0/9
2002 : 0/8
2001 : 0/12
2000 : 0/9
1999 : 0/10
1998 : 0/10
1997 : 0/8
1996 : 0/7
1995 : 0/9
1994 : 0/10
1993 : 0/10
1992 : 0/12
And just for fun , can anyone think of a player who left the Ottawa Senators and then won the Stanley Cup afterwards ? I 'm having a hard time thinking of any . Feel free to post in the comments .
Folks ,
It 's time for Part Two of my “ Building a world ” update . Before we proceed however , a little housekeeping stuff . First , we 're getting close to that all-important final week for our Kickstarter . We should pass 1.3M later tonight and our numbers are continuing to grow , albeit a bit more slowly than we all would like . While I expect that we will get a last-minute surge , it would be nice if our surge would n't have to be so large . From our end , we will be begun tomorrow talking more about the lore of Camelot Unchained , followed by the races , classes ( including a description of the BSC idea I have for stealthers ) and much more . I am hopeful that these updates will help convince some additional fence-sitters .
Secondly , our big reveal for the building , housing and mining systems in Camelot Unchained was extremely well received by our backers as well as people outside our group . We saw a nice bump on Sunday but as per above , we need to keep bringing in new backers .
Third , programming has been awfully busy with Andrew happily integrating SmackHammer 's networking code into the Unchained Engine and Tim has been working on a demo of how the Building System could look in Camelot Unchained . I do n't have an ETA at the present time for when they will be ready for demonstration but knowing them , it will be in the next day or two .
As always , we have the best backers in the brief history of Kickstarter . You folks are simply amazing !
-Mark
Building a world – Part Two
Blueprints
In Part One of this update , I detailed some of the keys elements of the game 's building , housing and mining systems . Now it 's time to address blueprints and then talk about how all of this will play into the core RvR aspects of Camelot Unchained .
One of the unique aspects about Camelot Unchained 's building system is the concept of blueprints . Building structures in an RvR game like Camelot Unchained will certainly be fun in the beginning . However , if you have to manually and slowly rebuild the structures every time the enemy realm destroyed them , it could quickly become a “ quit point ” for many gamers . That 's why we are using blueprints to both enshrine the hard work that our builders do and to also make rebuilding destroyed structures faster ( not fast ) and easier for them .
Blueprints do not allow a player to instantly rebuild a structure , especially a complicated one . However , they do allow the builder the ability to simply “ build by the numbers ” as opposed to having to rebuild every cell , prefab or construct manually . Blueprints also allow the builder to get help , from his realm mates or even an NPC , on his rebuilding process ( which speeds up the time it takes to build/rebuild a structure ) . There are two different ways that players create blueprints in Camelot Unchained .
The first way is by successfully creating a structure , any kind of structure . Once that has been accomplished , a player can choose to have the structure magically translated into a blueprint himself ( if he has chosen to also study basic architecture skill ) , ask another realm mate to do it for him or to pay for an NPC member of the Architecture Guild ( working name ) to do it for him . Once this is done the player will be able to keep the blueprint , trade it , sell it and/or rent it out to other players . These plans are not skills in the traditional sense so you do n't want to lose them . If that happens they are gone forever so you 'll want to keep them nice and safe .
The second way a player can make a blueprint is through an architect 's interface . Using the interface , an architect can build a prefab and/or structure on “ magical paper ” and then build it himself or have it built by another player . This interface should be easy to master for anyone who has played “ city building ” types of games .
In terms of their overall place in the game , think of blueprints as items . They can be bought , sold and traded by players . Players can also rent blueprints to other players for a single use . A house built with a blueprint can not be blueprinted , even if it is changed , to protect the creator of the blueprint . Players can also submit certain types of blueprints to the realm for review and , if approved , possibly included in “ Realm Approved Blueprints ” for other players to buy and use themselves . Blueprints are also discoverable - found in the Depths and other places . Finally , blueprints have their own levels . If a high level architect makes a blueprint , it will have some additional bonuses to it such as increased durability , lower production cost , etc . While non-crafters can build certain structures ( based on the rating of the structure ) crafters will simply be much better at it than RvRers .
Blueprints are an exciting aspect of our building system and we believe that they are also a nice addition to the genre , no matter what game uses it . To summarize , blueprints in Camelot Unchained :
• Can be created from combined prefabs + cells .
• Sometimes allow players to hire NPC builders ( builder/player is faster , better though ) to complete them .
• Can be duplicated if permitted by creator .
• Allow construction to proceed faster if multiple players work off the same blueprint .
• Allow faster and easier reconstruct/repair .
• Can be rated with crafters ' blueprints having a higher rating and RvRers a lower rating .
• Can be sold/traded & discovered .
• Can be approved by the Realm .
• Can be used as a base and then decoration/decals can be applied .
RvR
Since I first described these systems , there have been a lot of questions about how all of this fits into the core RvR systems of Camelot Unchained . Hopefully , I can answer some of them with this update but if not , more updates are coming .
First , each plot of land will have permissions attached to it . Players and/or the realm are able to claim certain plots of land and these permissions determine who and what can be done to the plot . Certain plots can not be built on , others will allow certain player ( s ) permissions to do so and others will be tightly limited as to the item ( s ) that can be built on it . For example , to help discourage intra-realm griefing , a mine might have excavation permissions but not building permissions or the building permission might be limited to builders of a certain skill level . These permissions are not binary so expect us to spend a lot of time getting this just right as they play an important role in these systems .
Once you have permission to build on a plot outside of a safe area , that the enemy can destroy structure . Now , unlike as suggested by the video , the destruction will take some time , depending on how the building is constructed , what it is made out of by the builders and how it is reinforced . You wo n't be able to simply walk up to a stonewall , swing your might hammer and then like Jericho , the walls come a-tumbling down . Strong , well-built walls will require a lot of force to make a hole in them , let along knock them down . You might be able to climb over them with ladders but also do n't expect that you can simply run a builder up to the wall and he 'll instantly make a stone staircase , that 's not how building works in Camelot Unchained . Building is not a slow , laborious process but it is n't as fast as it is in games such as Minecraft . Frankly , if the system worked like that , it would discourage people from protecting structures and add in the likelihood of keep trading . If you can destroy a structure though , your side will gain some items from the rubble . However , rather than destroying the structure , you builders can help you deconstruct it .
Deconstruction is simply construction in reverse . Builders go to the structure that has been targeted for deconstruction and they take it apart . Deconstruction is also a skill so players get better at deconstruction the more that they use it . The higher the skill level of the builder ( s ) , the more of the structure the builder will be able to recover . Accidents can happen during reconstruction so it 's not an automatic “ I-Win ” button for the victorious side . Players can also capture a plot , not destroy the structure and then decide to occupy and use it .
While builders are better at building and salvaging , RvRers can still participate in this aspect of the game ; just do n't expect them to be very good at it ! They can get better over time , before they reach the soft-cap , and can not get any additional skills after that . RvRers can also repair certain items ( “ field repairs ” ) but their skill level will also limit them to what they can do in this regard as well .
An item that is left unattended will degrade over time whether it is part of the action or simply left in an open field . Areas that are also more unstable will have higher degradation rates as the Veilstorms will have a greater effect on them . This will help cut down on possible “ builder spam ” that could result as the game matures and builders have more resources to “ play ” around with . Additionally , the storms will also be a mechanic that we would employ in the event of heavily unbalanced server populations .
While mining in one 's home areas is a necessary part of the game , most of the really good stuff is found in the more dangerous parts of the world , including the Depths . Holding on to these mines and getting the supplies out , even if your time of control is short , is an important aspect of the game . While I know this will , at some level , encourage zerging - mining is not a fast snatch and grab operation , so the zerg will want to protect the miners and try to hold on to the mine for a while and that means stopping or leaving a squad or two to protect it .
Supply lines are also an important part of RvR . While we do n't want RvRers spending all their time escorting caravans of crafters and/or materials , the ability to weaken an enemy 's supply lines can play an important role in siege warfare . Besides the obvious advantages of slowing down the enemy 's building efforts you also get a new set of luggage for your trouble !
Finally , while we will have some ruined structures outside of the limited safe zones , players will build most of the important structures . Through utilizing a combination of crafters , builders and RvRers , certain magical items will need to be built . For now , let 's call one of these types of items , stabilizers ( working name ) . With the Piercing of the Veil and the Veilstorms , the world has become a very dangerous place . These items help keep the world as it should be , fighting off the influence of the storms and lessening the destructive power of the storms . Realms will want to repair/build these items as quickly as possible to both strengthen their hold on captured territory but also to gain other benefits from them . These items can be housed in any type of structure but , of course , the more secure the better . Stabilizers are only one of many types of items that players will both build and protect in RvR ; others will be powerful relics of another age or legendary items that were created by the storms .
Here 's a summary of how RvR and these systems are intertwined :
• Al plot have permission levels .
• Players who capture a plot have to weigh the benefit of Salvage vs . Destroy vs . Capture .
• Crafters are better at salvaging , and they gain bonuses for deconstructing .
• Destroying a structure means less resources gained .
• RvRers can build simple constructs to help in RvR . They can also repair , but not as good as crafters but better than NPCs but not as close to skill of a crafter .
• All structures/prefabs have limited durability especially in RvR intensive areas .
• Supply Lines are an important part of RvR as well . Players need to keep the supply lines open as long as possible to allow materials to flow .
• The deeper players push into contested area , the better the rewards .
• Structures ( such as keeps ) can be built free form or from approved plans . Plans can be submitted to the realm for approval .
• Player can sacrifice structures to prevent them from falling into the hands of the enemy .
So ends Part Two .
About This Game
Game Features Strong , Deadly , Female Protagonist
PC , Mac & Linux Versions
1280 x 720 Standard resolution + Full-screen Mode
Huge amount of in game choices that effect the story
Multiple Good and Bad Endings
Seven major NPCs + Multiple minor NPCs
Four Romantic Love Interests ( 2 male & 2 female )
Over 45,000 word original storyline
Original Musical Score
Main Theme Ft. Vocals by Mika Kobayashi Additional Extras
Music Room - To play tracks from the game
Codex - Lore on the world of Edo
Unlockable CG Scene Gallery as you play
48 Save Slots with mini Screenshots + quick & auto saving
Easy Rollback and GUI removal
Separate Sound & Music volume controls
Also includes Steam Trading Cards * * *
Welcome to Edo , an alternate realm where history took a different route . The Samurai of Japan were never outlawed and the emperor lost power preventing Japan from opening its borders to the other nations of the world.Edo is now a very different place from modern Japan , where tradition still holds sway other the people and it 's leaders . As time has passed the Samurai have been given ever increasing levels of power by the Council of Nobles and their leader the Lord Regent.This has given rise to the creation of a special core Samurai unit known as the Justicars , though members are appointed by the council , they remain an autonomous unit , able to investigate and judge any threat or criminal they find . It is their duty to safeguard the continuity and protect the people . But Edo is not a land of peace and plenty , strife exists in all corners of the once great empire . Rival factions constantly battle for land and power whilst rebellion grows from within.- A female samurai of the black clan , trained from birth to kill on command . Now newly appointed as a Justicar of Edo . Our protagonist finds herself in a place she never thought she would be , outside of the shadows , within an academy , trying to root out a rebel before civil war can engulf Edo and its people .
ORANGE COUNTY , Fla. - An Orange County man was arrested on animal cruelty , burglary and trespassing charges after he stole four horses , took them to a property he did n't own , and then starved them , according to officials .
The horses were found on vacant land off New Hope Road in south Orange County last week .
Deputies arrested Hector Febus , 38 , who also goes by Tiffany , on Wednesday .
On his YouTube account , Febus has several videos of himself walking horses around the property near Boggy Creek Road . In the videos , he 's apparently promoting a nonprofit company , saying the horses are used to help autistic children improve their self-esteem .
He also says he 's putting the finishing touches on a barn where the four horses will be kept .
However , according to deputies , those horses are n't his and neither is the property .
Much to his surprise , the land 's owner , who lives in Fort Myers , found the lock to his gate busted last week and the horses roaming his land .
He called the sheriff 's office , who responded , and found the horses were severely malnourished as well .
Two of larger ones were 200 pounds underweight and the mini-horse was 75 pounds underweight , according to arrest documents .
Local 6 found out Febus is no stranger to the Orange County jail . In fact , he was arrested for allegedly stealing two Osceola County Sheriff 's Office horses off a property in Orange County in May .
Those horses were found and then returned .
As for the most current case , one of the horses was returned to its owner , the others are recovering at a local vet .
Febus is being held at the jail on a $ 5,300 bond .
The sheriff 's office says they 're continuing to investigate whether the nonprofit company is legit .
Copyright 2015 by ClickOrlando.com . All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
164 Shares
Den seneste uge har Journalista.dk kunnet afsløre en række iøjnefaldende forhold om Erling Andersens ansættelsesforhold hos Skat . Alligevel har Skat ikke fundet anledning til at svare på kritiske spørgsmål .
Erling Andersen , Skat
– Jeg meldte mig ind i Danmarks Socialdemokratiske Ungdom i 1975 , da jeg var 17 år , jeg var aktiv i foreningen de næste tre-fire år og blev også formand . Jeg var også opstillet til kommunalvalget i 1978 som 'ungdommens socialdemokratiske kandidat ' , men blev ikke valgt .
Sådan lød det tilbage i 2011 fra Erling Andersen , da det var lykkedes for BT at finde frem til , at embedsmanden hos Skat havde en fortid indenfor Socialdemokratiet . Forbindelsen til Socialdemokratier er dog ikke kun historisk , for til efterårets kommunalvalg stiller Erling Andersen nemlig op for Socialdemokratiet .
Læs også : Helle Thorning blev statsminister – og Erling Andersen fik kæmpe lønforhøjelse
Forkærligheden til Socialdemokratiet er interessant i forhold til Erling Andersen , fordi han i forbindelse med valgkampen i 2011 blev beskyldt for at hjælpe partifællen Helle Thorning-Schmidt under dennes skattesag .
Markant lønstigning efter Thornings indtog i Statsministeriet
Igennem den seneste uge har Journalista.dk kunnet afsløre , at Erling Andersen i årene omkring valgkampen og Helle Thorning-Schmidts indtog i Statsministeriet , sikrede sig en markant lønforhøjelse . I 2014 tjente han inklusiv arbejdsgiverbetalte pensionsindbetalinger over 1.700.000 kroner , hvilket var sidste år , Erling Andersen var en del af Skats direktion .
Læs også : Erling Andersens fede retrætejob : Millionær – hvert år
Efterfølgende er han blevet ansat i en stilling med fokus på inddrivelse af skatterestancer i udlandet , hvilket sker i samarbejde med andre EU- og OECD-lande . Et job hvor Erling Andersen fast har sikret sig en løn på minimum 1.000.000 kroner , vel og mærke uden , at andre kunne byde ind på stillingen .
Det skyldes at den socialdemokratiske embedsmand havde sikret sig et nyt vellønnet job hos Skats , hvis han blev fyret fra dets direktion .
Spørgsmålene Skat nægter at svare på
Igennem den seneste uge har Journalista.dk forsøgt via Skats presseafdeling at få svar på , hvordan det har været muligt for Erling Andersen ikke kun at opnå sine toplønninger , men også hvorvidt der har været en sammenhæng mellem hans politiske tilhørselsforhold og ansættelsesforholdene .
Men indtil nu har man fra Skats side ikke ønsket at kommentere på forløbet omkring Erling Andersens løn- og ansættelsesvilkår .
De spørgsmål Skat foreløbigt ikke har villet svare på er :
1 : Har Erling Andersens markante lønstigninger nogen forbindelser til Helle Thorning-Schmidts indtræden i Statsministeriet ?
2 : Er det rimeligt at Erling Andersen blev tildelt et job til en årsløn omkring 1 million kroner uden jobopslag ? og
3 : Hvad den præcise stillingsbetegnelse er for Erling Andersens nuværende job ?
( Health.com ) -- Alcohol abuse is the third leading cause of preventable death in the U.S. , and it contributes to countless diseases , car crashes , injuries , and crimes .
How can we solve these thorny problems ? Making booze more expensive might be a good start , a new study suggests .
Doubling the current state taxes on alcohol -- which would tack on as much as 50 cents to the price of the average six-pack or bottle of wine -- could be expected to reduce alcohol-related deaths by 35 percent , fatal car crashes by 11 percent , and the rates of sexually transmitted disease by 6 percent , according to the study .
Higher taxes on booze would also lead to 2 percent less violence and 1.4 percent less crime , the researchers estimate .
Health.com : Do you have a drinking problem ?
`` What is surprising is the consistency of the effect across a broad range of health outcomes that kind of do n't have anything to do with each other , '' says Alexander C. Wagenaar , Ph.D. , the lead researcher and a professor of epidemiology and health outcomes at the University of Florida , in Gainesville .
If state alcohol taxes were doubled , the tax on a six-pack or bottle of wine would increase by anywhere from a few pennies to 50 cents , depending on the state , and the tax on a standard bottle of liquor could go up by as much as a few dollars .
Health.com : Survey : More Americans drinking alcohol
Though modest , these tax hikes would add up over time and may ultimately curb the heavy drinker who 's seeing his weekly alcohol budget rise , the college student stockpiling booze for a party , and even the social drinker .
`` Studies show that all these groups respond to price , '' Wagenaar says .
Even a slight decrease in drinking could have a large impact on public health . If millions of people living in an area consumed half a drink less per week , on average , the small differences in alcohol intake -- and intoxication -- could lead to big drops in the area 's overall injury and death rates , Wagenaar says .
There is some evidence that raising taxes can reduce unhealthy behaviors , even for people who are addicts . Increased taxes on cigarettes and other tobacco products have been shown to reduce smoking rates and influence heavy smokers to cut back or quit .
Health.com : How much money are you spending on cigarettes ?
In the new study , which was published in the American Journal of Public Health , Wagenaar and his colleagues re-analyzed data from 50 studies that investigated the link between increases in alcohol taxes and the rates of drinking-related problems including death , diseases , car crashes , STDs , violence , crime , and suicide . Most of the studies , which were conducted between 1955 and 2004 , looked at alcohol tax increases in American states .
One of the studies -- led by Wagenaar himself -- focused on Alaska , one of the few states to have implemented substantial alcohol tax increases . The researchers found that the state 's alcohol-related deaths dipped in 1983 and 2002 , immediately following tax increases . The 1983 increase , which upped the tax on a bottle of beer from four to six cents , was associated with 23 fewer deaths -- a 29 percent drop .
Alcohol abuse has been linked to an increased risk of liver disease , heart disease , stroke , depression , and some cancers , in addition to causing the impaired judgment that leads to risky sexual behavior and drunk driving .
Sara Markowitz , Ph.D. , an associate professor of economics at Emory University , says that even small increases in the price of alcohol are likely to result in measurable gains in public health and safety .
Some health problems are likely to respond more than others to a tax increase , depending on how closely linked they are to alcohol abuse .
`` The proportion of crime and suicide that are alcohol-related would be far smaller than diseases such as liver cirrhosis , '' says Markowitz , who has researched alcohol taxes but was not involved in the new study .
Indeed , the only health measure in Wagenaar 's analysis that did not show a significant drop following higher alcohol taxes was suicide .
Health.com : Booze , drugs , and bipolar disorder
Higher taxes on alcohol could provide a much-needed source of revenue for state and local governments reeling from budget shortfalls and cost-cutting . But the willingness of elected officials to increase the tax on alcohol is questionable , says David Jernigan , Ph.D. , an associate professor and alcohol policy expert at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health .
Alcohol tax increases have lagged behind the inflation rate since the 1950s , which Jernigan attributes to the nation 's anti-tax climate . There have been very few federal and state alcohol tax hikes in the past several decades , he says , and states like California and Maryland that have proposed increases have faced opposition from the restaurant and beverage industries .
What 's more , a proposed tax increase during a sluggish economy would almost certainly be unpopular among drinkers , including those who limit their intake to the occasional glass of white wine and those who 'd never dream of getting behind the wheel after drinking .
Health.com : Is drinking actually good for you ?
But boosting the tax on alcohol would be a `` win-win for government '' by increasing revenue and decreasing costs , Jernigan says .
In Maryland , Jernigan has estimated , a 10-cent-per-drink tax increase would save the state $ 214 million in healthcare costs and generate $ 249 million in revenues , in addition to reducing alcohol consumption by 5 percent .
`` In terms of the analysis we did , there 's nothing that makes Maryland stand out from other states , '' Jernigan says .
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
Vitalik Buterin has beaten Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg to win the World Technology Network ( WTN ) award for IT software .
Buterin , the developer of crypto 2.0 platform Ethereum and co-founder of Bitcoin Magazine , received the honour at the WTN 's 2014 summit held at the Time & Life building in New York City . The event was organised in association with Fortune and Time .
In addition to Ethereum , Buterin has been involved in a number of crypto projects over the years , including Dark Wallet and KryptoKit .
This is not the first time the youthful developer has been rewarded for his efforts , earlier this year Buterin received a $ 100,000 fellowship from PayPal co-founder and venture capitalist Peter Thiel .
Recognising innovation
Buterin was the only big name in the digital currency industry to win an award at this year 's WTN event . However , a number of familiar names from the world of finance and the tech industry also made it to the roster .
Serial entrepreneur Elon Musk won two awards – one in the Energy category , as the chairman of SolarCity and co-founder of Tesla , and another in the Space category , as the founder of SpaceX .
Paul Graham , Jessica Livingston , Robert Morris and Trevor Blackwell , the co-founders of Y Combinator , won individual awards in the Finance category . The Corporate Finance award went to 500 Startups . Both companies have previously invested in the bitcoin space .
The World Technology Awards are an annual event with the aim of promoting outstanding innovators in a range of tech industries .
Dozens of prominent industry leaders and companies have received World Technology Awards since the turn of the century , including the likes of Pinterest , Tesla , Skype , Apple , IBM , Amazon and many others – all organisations and individuals that have made their mark in in the world of technology .
Image via Ethereum
AOL once sought trademark rights in “ You 've Got Mail , ” but could not because AOL , like other email services , would use the phrase to inform users they had received new emails – it was not used as a trademark . Because the phrase was used to convey meaning , it was held generic and not protectable as a trademark .
12 years after the AOL case , another Internet heavyweight , Pinterest , claims , among other things , trademark rights in a term , that it uses generically , and seeks to exclude other social media startups from using the term , “ PIN . ”
Has “ Pinterest ” Become Generic ?
PINTEREST , proper , probably has not become generic . But it is unclear whether they possess legitimate trademark rights in terms such as PIN IT , which Pinterest displays as a button hovering over images . When grouped together , these images form inspirational boards .
Six “ Pin ” Mark-Holders Gave-In to Pinterest Pressure
So far , Pinterest has had a perfect track record of deterring companies from gaining federal trademark rights in brands incorporating the PIN prefix . After Pinterest opposed 6 trademark registrations , all these end up withdrawn or abandoned by their fleeting owners . A clear win for Pinterest , which , in its streak , also recovered more than 100 domain names from a Chinese cybersquatter who had the unfortunate habit of registering variations of the pinterest domain name .
Pintrips ' Resiliency
Recently , however , Pinterest encountered less success in implementing the same tactic . A new PIN contender , Pintrips , a startup that simplifies the process of comparing flight prices online , has not been intimidated into a settlement and seems determined to fight tooth and nail with Internet 's third most popular website . Discovering Pintrips ' unusual resiliency , Pinterest filed a trademark infringement suit , alleging pretty much everything but the kitchen sink . In my opinion , their decision to go for a full-fledged suit , instead of going the usual and economical trademark opposition route , is a way to further push Pintrips toward settling .
Unflinching , Pintrips seems to be gearing up for battle .
Pinterest 's Mistakes
Although the similarity in sight and sound are obvious , Pintrips is no fool . And even if risky , their strategy may pay off .
Pinterest has made , and continues to make , many trademark blunders . To this day , Pinterest fails to use the mark in a trademark fashion . Indeed , the first three letters of their mark – PIN – is used to refer to features , instead of using their mark to indicate exclusively the source of their services . In short , Pinterest uses variation of the word PIN ( a ) “ functionally ” by using the common meaning for the PIN term and by ( b ) using that term as so much more than just a source-identifier .
( a ) “ PIN ” and “ PIN IT ” Used Functionally
On terra firma , a pin is “ a thin piece of metal or wood , used especially to hold things together ; ” online , Pinterest uses it to mean just that . Of course , Pinterest 's PIN IT is an online button – not an actual pin – but that is a distinction without a difference . Pinterest 's PIN IT button is its own version of a Facebook “ Like , ” except that on Pinterest you can easily retrieve your pins by grouping them together in different thematic boards .
Pinterest uses Pin in a context that suggest its ordinary meaning . Thus , Pinterest has no right to exclude others from doing the same . With the AOL decision as ammunition , Pintrips is on solid ground to make a generic use argument .
The AOL decision .
In 2001 , while online social media was still a vague idea , AOL , sought to exclude others from using a specific phrase , “ You 've Got Mail. ” AOL was probably pretty optimistic about its prospects . After all , that robotic upbeat voice is , to this day , burned in our memories .
Nonetheless , the court noted that “ AOL 's use of the phrase , conditioned on whether mail is present , does not describe AOL 's e-mail service , but rather simply informs subscribers , employing common words to express their commonly used meaning , of the ordinary fact that they have new electronic mail in their mailboxes. ” And went on to hold that “ when words are used in a context that suggests only their common meaning , they are generic and may not be appropriated as exclusive property . ”
This language clearly favors Pintrips .
( b ) PIN Used As A Noun & A Verb , Not An Adjective
To preserve its trademark power , a startup should not use its mark ( or a portion of it ) as a noun or a verb , but only as an adjective . The reason is that by using a mark in other ways than as a mark , its propensity to be associated with a company deteriorates and , pretty soon , the mark becomes the catch-all term for the feature or the category . ASPIRIN , THERMOS , ESCALATOR , YELLOW PAGES and TRAMPOLINE were once illustrious brands and protectable trademarks until they each became generic . For most of these , the loss was brought onto themselves , because of improper use of their own trademarks .
Pinterest should have stressed the trademark significance of the “ PIN ” term . Instead , it did just the opposite , utilizing the PIN term all over . This kind of trademark blunder has often tipped the balance toward finding a mark generic .
Is Pintrips Biting More Than It Can Chew ?
Although Pintrips has powerful ammunitions at its disposal , a legal win is a long road ahead . Before that happens , Pintrips will have to incur significant legal expenses , in the form of survey of evidence , to demonstrate genericness . Such costly evidence may be the only way to prevail because Pinterest 's trademark registrations unlock favorable presumptions . And , arguing against a registered trademark tend to create factual disputes , which means that Pintrips is unlikely to get an early win , but would have to go through the expenses of a lengthy trial .
To make matter worse , Pintrips is , somewhat , shooting itself in the foot by arguing genericness . A Pintrips success would mean that its own PIN-based trademark would be in jeopardy . A success would also open the competitive floodgate . Indeed , if PIN is generic , any other social media startups can use it . Nothing attracts “ Me Too ” startups like a judicially sanctioned invitation to utilize a popular term , such as PIN .
Points To Ponder
Pintrips may be in a weaker posture than AT & T , the defendant , in the AOL case . And , importantly , because it is a young startup , probably still in the red , it may not have the war chest needed to live to see a victory . Nevertheless , with more and more frequency , we see startups treating suits as an expected cost , a by-product of disrupting industries . Aereo , Uber and Pandora are just some examples of startups successfully building such legal costs into their business models . If Pintrips does not run out of steams , it may just be the next successful disruptor on the list .
Karen Bleier / AFP / Getty
You can learn a lot about gambling if you 're willing to analyze 27 million hands of online poker . Do n't have time for that ? No worries ; sociology doctoral student Kyle Siler of Cornell University has done it for you . His counterintuitive message : the more hands you win , the more money you 're likely to lose  and this has implications that go well beyond a hand of cards .
Siler , whose work was published in December in the online edition of the Journal of Gambling Studies and will appear later this year in the print edition , was not interested in poker alone but in the larger idea of how humans handle risk , reward and variable payoffs . Few things offer a better way of quantifying that than gambling  and few gambling dens offer a richer pool of data than the Internet , where millions of people can play at once and transactions are easy to observe and record . ( See 10 things to do in Las Vegas . )
To gather his data , Siler used a software system called PokerTracker and directed it to collect and collate information on small- medium- and large-stakes games . He limited the games to no-limit Texas Hold 'Em with six players in order to eliminate at least some extraneous variables . It was in the course of crunching all that information that he found the strangely inverse relationship between the number of hands won and the amount of money lost . He also noticed that it was novice players who lost the most .
The reason for the paradoxical results was straightforward enough : the majority of the wins the players tallied were for relatively small stakes . But the longer they played  and the more confident they got  the likelier they were to get blown out on one or a few very big hands . Win a dozen $ 50 pots and you 're still going to wind up far behind if you lose a single $ 1,000 one . `` People overweigh their frequent small gains vis-à-vis occasional large losses , '' Siler says .
Small-stakes players also tend to do better with small-denomination cards . A pair of jacks may easily beat a pair of fours , but people who do n't gamble much tend to win more with the fours  or with any cards from twos to sevens . That 's because the cards ' modest numerical worth is easy to understand : they 're valuable but not that valuable . When you get into the more rarefied air of eights to aces , you may start losing perspective and putting up more money . `` Small pairs have a less ambiguous value , '' Siler says . ( See more about casinos . )
So what does this have to do with you if you do n't gamble ? It 's the wrong question because , actually , you do . Investing , driving , buying a house and merely crossing the street are all acts that involve discernible risks and uncertain rewards . The more small returns you get from your small investments in stocks , the likelier you are to make  and lose  a big investment . The more times you get behind the wheel and speed a little bit , the likelier you are to speed a lot  with deadlier consequences .
`` These kinds of calculations are made every day , '' says Siler . `` Adultery is another good example . People get away with it countless times but they get caught just once and they lose everything . ''
And unlike the risks at the poker table , where your losses are just yours , in the larger world , you can take down a lot of other people with you . `` Organizational malfeasance in general depends on this kind of risk analysis , '' says Siler . `` Look at a place like Enron . People took a lot of small chances and won , then took big chances and lost big . '' Indeed , Siler points out , during the recent financial crisis , an entire nation  Iceland  went bankrupt in a similar way , trusting high-risk , high-reward investments that quit paying off .
While walking away from the poker table can be easy , walking away from life  and all the risks and rewards it presents you  is not an option . But in both venues , the rule should be the same : gamble only what you can afford to lose  and know when you 're approaching those stakes .
See how much contestants really take home in game show winnings .
See the best pictures of 2009 .
From much-needed California rain to a quiet hurricane season , Capital Weather Gang 's Jason Samenow explains how a strong El Niño could affect U.S. weather . ( Gillian Brockell and Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post )
El Niño has reached a weak-to-moderate intensity and is growing stronger . Many computer models are now forecasting a strong to very strong event by the fall . Some simulations even suggest it could exceed the mighty 1997-98 event , the most powerful in modern records .
Although computer model forecasts of El Niño made in the spring for the fall have proven erratic and led forecasters astray at times in the past , they warrant considering the implications of a strong event .
A strong El Niño event , signified by much warmer than normal waters in the central and eastern tropical Pacific ocean , would have major consequences on the weather all over the world .
For residents of the United States , here are the five El Niño effects we 'd likely hear most about :
1 . Enhanced rainfall over California
Historically , moderate to strong El Niño events have increased California precipitation by about 10 percent . Given the state 's extreme water shortage , such an increase in rain and snow would be welcome — although a lot more would be needed to end the drought
If the El Niño exceeded strong levels and reached “ very strong ” levels , it would likely go further in denting the drought . While the sample size is small , past very strong events have produced 174 percent of normal precipitation , on average , across California .
Satellite image from a Feb. 3 , 1998 , storm that caused flooding in California . ( NOAA )
Of course , while no two El Niño events are alike , the rains from the last “ very strong ” El Niño event in 1997-1998 resulted in $ 550 million in damages and deadly flooding . So a very strong or “ super ” El Niño in California could be a case of too much of a good thing .
2 . A depressed Atlantic hurricane season
El Niño events introduce hostile upper-level winds in the tropical Atlantic , which have historically greatly limited the number of tropical storms and hurricanes . Given this year 's El Niño forecast , seasonal forecasters are predicting below-normal hurricane activity .
[ Quieter than normal Atlantic hurricane season predicted ]
Despite the predictions for a relatively inactive season , forecasters stress it only takes one storm to cause tremendous harm and urge preparedness .
3 . A milder than normal winter for much of the U.S .
During strong El Niño events , the polar jet stream is usually displaced well north of its normal position , and mild air floods the central and northern tier of the United States . At the same time , an active southern storm track keeps the South cloudy , damp , and cool .
The Climate Forecast System model 's predictions for December and January portray a classic strong El Niño pattern , with above-normal temperatures in all but the southernmost parts of the nation .
4 . Reduced tornado numbers
After one of the quietest starts to tornado season on record through March , activity has picked up — especially as of this May . However , the current count of tornadoes for the year is still about 25 percent below average .
The development of a strong El Niño would probably continue to hold tornado numbers down . Recent research has linked strong El Niños with below-normal tornado activity .
[ Is El Niño behind our record-slow start to tornado season ? ]
5 . An extremely active Pacific typhoon season
( Cooperative Institute for Meteorological Space Studies )
The Pacific typhoon season is off to its busiest start on record . Typhoon Dolphin , which developed in the western Pacific last week , marked the seventh typhoon to form in 2015 , the greatest number so early in the season on record . Three of those typhoons attained the intensity equivalent to a Category 5 hurricane ( on the 0-5 Saffir-Simpson wind scale ) , setting the western Pacific on record pace for the number of such storms , according to Mashable 's Andrew Freedman .
[ Typhoon Dolphin threads the needle between Guam and Rota ( Photos , Video ) ]
Due , in part , to the effects of El Niño , ocean temperatures in the western Pacific are about 4 degrees Fahrenheit above normal . Given such warm background temperatures and the prospect of El Niño strengthening , it is probable that typhoon activity will remain high , especially during peak season from July to November .
* * *
Interestingly , the first four of these effects would have mostly beneficial outcomes for the United States : drought-assisting rain , fewer hurricanes , fewer tornadoes and , following two straight brutal winters in the northern United States , a welcome break from the bitter cold .
[ Which parts of U.S. could benefit most from El Niño ? ]
Of course , despite current model predictions for a strong event , the forecast for El Niño is uncertain and will evolve . But it 's certainly worth paying attention to .
President Barack Obama now claims a 10-point lead in Michigan , according to the first public poll conducted in the state since each party 's convention .
In the latest survey from in-state pollster EPIC-MRA , conducted on behalf of the Detroit Free Press and local ABC affiliate WXYZ-TV and released Wednesday evening , Obama claims the support of 47 percent of likely Michigan voters , while Mitt Romney trails with the support of 37 percent . The previous release from EPIC-MRA — a snap poll conducted in late August — showed Obama clinging to a 3-point lead over Romney , 49 percent to 46 percent .
Polling in Michigan has been wildly divergent throughout the summer , with local firms often showing a dead heat and national pollsters typically showing Obama with a bit more breathing room , making it extremely difficult to get an accurate read on the race there . Wednesday 's poll comes on the heels of a survey conducted by Democratic-leaning Public Policy Polling ( PPP ) immediately after the Republican National Convention , which showed Obama with a 7-point advantage over Romney in Michigan .
The findings of that PPP survey and Wednesday 's EPIC-MRA poll comport with expectations in the state . Although it is the former stomping ground of Romney , Michigan has been widely viewed as friendly territory to Obama , due to his administration 's successful restructuring of the U.S. automotive companies . The auto rescue figured prominently at last week 's Democratic National Convention , most notably in a fiery speech by former Michigan Gov . Jennifer Granholm on the final night .
Obama currently boasts an 8.5-point lead over Romney in Michigan , according to the PollTracker Average , 48.2 percent to 39.7 percent .
A site 's PageRank impacts not only its ranking in Google search results but also the price it can charge advertisers . A drop in ranking can have serious financial consequences , especially for smaller operators . The search giant , through its dominant search engine and Google Ads/AdSense network , is relied on by millions of websites not only for traffic referrals but for monetisation as well .
Many websites small and large receive over half of their visitors from Google search referrals . And without a sales team to sign advertising deals , most become AdSense affiliates , automatically connecting them with millions of advertisers worldwide . Ironically , in the ultimate democracy that is the internet , Google reigns as virtual dictator . By changing the way it ranks sites in search results , it has the power to effortlessly shape the digital economy and manipulate the incomes of millions of web businesses around the world . Yaro Starak , an Australian entrepreneur whose website , entrepreneurs-journey.com , provides tips on starting an internet business , recently announced he had earned $ 842 from AdSense in September alone . His total advertising revenue from the blog that month was over $ 10,000 , but Starak 's ability to continue charging so much is contingent on him maintaining high site traffic , half of which is referred by Google .
`` Google controls the income source for a lot of people online , and we 're not talking just search traffic we 're talking pay-per-click [ AdSense ] traffic as well , '' Starak said in an interview . `` Google has both sides of the fence - they 've got the publishers , they 've got the advertisers and they 've got the search traffic , so that 's why they 're making so many billions of dollars in money each year . ''
Indeed , a whole industry has spawned with the aim of helping website operators obtain the highest rankings for certain keywords in search engines , and milk the most out of their AdSense accounts . But small changes to Google 's algorithm that determines how high up in search results a site appears can foil any attempts to game the system in a heartbeat . The worst offenders who are caught trying to artificially boost their search ranking are given the `` Google death penalty '' , whereby they 're delisted from search results altogether . But it 's not just illegitimate webmasters who are affected - even websites who do their best to abide by Google 's rules can be impacted by changes to its algorithms .
Darren Rowse , a full-time blogger from Melbourne who also runs the b5media blog network , noticed the PageRank of a number of his sites drop significantly . He said it was too early to tell whether it will affect his site traffic or revenue , but he was more worried about the impact on his reputation . `` It [ the PageRank ] does say something about my credibility and reputation - in a similar way to anyone ranking anything , '' he said .
Rowse has been hit several times over the past few years by changes in Google algorithms . One led to an overnight drop in his traffic by 80 per cent , which caused a corresponding 80 per cent drop in revenue . He said it typically took up to six weeks to build the site back up to its usual traffic levels . `` For some bloggers it lasts forever and [ the traffic ] never comes back , '' he said . Google is tight-lipped about changes to its algorithms , but bloggers have speculated it made the most recent change to crack down on the buying and selling of text links outside the Google AdSense network . Many website operators pay higher ranked sites to link to them , in order to trick Google 's computers into thinking the site is more authoritative and thus securing it a higher ranking in search results .
A Google spokesman said in a statement : `` Values in the Google Toolbar can fluctuate for a number of normal reasons , including changes in how we crawl or index the web , or changes in the link structure of the web itself . '' The PageRank could be updated by Google to `` to incorporate not only our view on the backlinks to a page or site , but also to incorporate our opinion of the forward links for a site '' .
Both Rowse and Starak advise website operators to become less reliant on Google for both traffic and revenue . `` AdSense is very easy to implement so everyone does that - it takes a bit more effort to go and find an advertiser and set up a campaign with them ... but it does make you more stable , '' Starak said . While Starak diversified his revenue sources by selling text and banner advertisements directly to advertisers , he said if Google forced him to stop selling text links and delisted his page from search results he could lose as much as 50 per cent of his income .
`` It 's been said that Google owns the internet - it 's not a permanent grasp but as long as everyone 's using their search engine it 's very hard for anyone to get in and compete with them . ''
A Liberal politician has given an emotional speech , calling on the government to dramatically increase the number of refugees settled in Australia .
In a late night speech to parliament on Monday , Liberal backbencher Russell Broadbent said he could n't let his party 's hard line on immigration stop him expressing his view that Australia should be `` fairer '' to refugees . Broadbent has joined forces with Labor MP Tim Watts and Nationals MP Andrew Broad to call on the government to dramatically increase the number of refugees resettled in regional and rural communities in Australia via private channels such as businesses , individuals , organisations or community groups . Broadbent said a motion moved by Watts was a call to `` compassion , conscience and common sense '' . `` I ca n't stand here and say , 'Well I ca n't say this because my party will be upset with me '' , Broadbent told Parliament . Watts , who recently travelled to Indonesia , Malaysia , Thailand and Myanmar at his own expense , told parliament that Australia has continually failed to meet its obligations in the international refugee challenge .
Mal Fairclough / AAPIMAGE
`` The total number of refugees for whom third country resettlement is the only possible durable solution has increased dramatically , '' Watts said . According to figures from the United Nations High Commission For Refugees there are 65 million displaced people around the world , the highest since World War II . This includes around half a million refugees and asylum seekers in South East Asia .
`` While at the same time the total number of third country resettlement places is set to fall significantly as a result of the Trump administration 's decision to cut the total number of people the United States settles by more than half , from 110,000 per year to a maximum of 50,000 , '' Watts said . Watts wants the expanded Australian program to be based on the Canadian government 's resettlement model , which has privately resettled more than 275,000 refugees since 1978 .
Broad wants the community resettlement program that currently allows 1,000 refugees to be privately sponsored by individuals , businesses , organisations or community groups to be expanded to 10,000 .
Broad told parliament refugees have contributed $ 41 million of economic activity to the small Victorian town of Nhill in his electorate . `` It 's about private industries and private communities saying how we can play an active role about bringing people out of these camps ... these are beautiful people , '' Broad said .
`` I am so proud of humble country folk who are being part of the solution , not part of the problem .
`` What I say to people when they are in fact a little apprehensive about Australia taking more refugees… it 's really about what are the services we 're going to provide , what are the communities we 're going to put them in , and how are we going to get them integrated into our communities . `` If we put that work around it , we can actually do this . ''
Managing Syscall Overhead with crypto/rand
The overhead of using secure random numbers can be a headache if the generation of those numbers is in your server 's critical path . In this post , I 'll look at a couple of techniques to bypass the overhead of generating random numbers in a Go program and make a recommendation on what method to use .
Consider an application that needs to generate a nonce for each request which is also I/O bound , meaning it does more waiting on I/O than anything else . As well , the general requirements include being sensitive to latency through the system . This system generates the nonce by making a call to crypto/rand.Read and filling a 16 byte array ( not a slice ) . All “ external calls ” are modeled by a single runtime.Gosched ( ) to simulate a call without taking too much time .
In reality a networked program will have many opportunities to schedule a background goroutine in the course of serving a request . There are many function calls , channel sends , and other preempt points that allow it to run in the background . This means that pure benchmarks are not going to do a real system justice , but they will give a good comparison of overhead between different methods .
Baseline
In order to know that one way is better , we have to have a baseline to compare it to . Call it the naive solution . The baseline solution generates the nonce as it 's needed and immediately “ makes a call ” to another service .
package main_test import ( `` crypto/rand '' `` runtime '' `` testing '' ) func BenchmarkBaseline ( b * testing.B ) { b.RunParallel ( func ( pb * testing.PB ) { var b [ 16 ] byte for pb.Next ( ) { rand.Read ( b [ : ] ) runtime.Gosched ( ) } } ) }
Solution 1 : Buffered Channel and Generator Goroutine
This is a solution I employ in rend , a memcached proxy and server that I created at Netflix . On program start , there is an init function that spins off a goroutine whose sole purpose is to read 16 byte arrays of random data from crypto/rand and send them into a buffered channel .
The main purpose of this method is to avoid a blocking getrandom ( 2 ) syscall in the hot path of a request , replacing it instead with a call to a channel receive . In the majority of cases , this should follow an optimistic path and receive a value much quicker than a syscall . For the truly brave and curious , the channel receive code is the chanrecv function in this file .
var c chan [ 16 ] byte func init ( ) { c = make ( chan [ 16 ] byte , 1000 ) go func ( c chan [ 16 ] byte ) { for { var b [ 16 ] byte rand.Read ( b [ : ] ) c < - b } } ( c ) } func BenchmarkChannel ( b * testing.B ) { b.RunParallel ( func ( pb * testing.PB ) { for pb.Next ( ) { < -c runtime.Gosched ( ) } } ) }
The advantages to this scheme are threefold :
When the server is busy serving a request , the data is almost always immediately available When the server is not busy serving requests , it can take time to do syscalls and get random data Simple interface
Solution 2 : Amortize
The second attempted solution is to amortize the cost of the syscalls by asking for a larger chunk of data each time and then using that data over several calls . In this case , I am assuming a scheme where separate goroutines will each pull data on their own and manage it internally .
func BenchmarkAmortized ( b * testing.B ) { b.RunParallel ( func ( pb * testing.PB ) { var b [ 256 ] byte var count int64 for pb.Next ( ) { cur : = count & 0xF count++ if cur == 0 { rand.Read ( b [ : ] ) } start , end : = cur * 16 , ( cur+1 ) * 16 _ = b [ start : end ] runtime.Gosched ( ) } } ) }
According to the getrandom ( 2 ) man page the maximum data that can be retrieved at once without blocking in the kernel is 256 bytes . This maximum is used to attempt to amortize the cost over the most requests .
Solution 3 : Amortize and use buffered channel
Of course , if each of these independently could actually increase the performance of our program , we should try them at the same time . This method combines the previous two methods by using a separate goroutine to manage reading data and writing to a channel , but instead of reading only 16 bytes at a time it reads 256 and splits it into 16 byte chunks .
var ac chan [ 16 ] byte func init ( ) { ac = make ( chan [ 16 ] byte , 1000 ) var b [ 256 ] byte var count int64 go func ( ac chan [ 16 ] byte ) { for { cur : = count & 0xF count++ if cur == 0 { rand.Read ( b [ : ] ) } start , end : = cur * 16 , ( cur+1 ) * 16 var out [ 16 ] byte copy ( out [ : ] , b [ start : end ] ) ac < - out } } ( ac ) } func BenchmarkChannelAmortized ( b * testing.B ) { b.RunParallel ( func ( pb * testing.PB ) { for pb.Next ( ) { < -ac runtime.Gosched ( ) } } ) }
Solution 4 : Round-robin Channels
This is a new idea on top of the channel idea above . Instead of having only one channel , have many . Each goroutine using the random data can run through each channel in a round-robin fashion , hopefully avoiding conflict with other consumers of random data . This also implies that each channel has an independent producer that is the only writer to that channel . The premise fo this approach is that it wil reduce lock contention on the channels .
var crr [ ] chan [ 16 ] byte func init ( ) { crr = make ( [ ] chan [ 16 ] byte , 32 ) for i : = range crr { c = make ( chan [ 16 ] byte , 1000 ) go func ( c chan [ 16 ] byte ) { for { var b [ 16 ] byte rand.Read ( b [ : ] ) c < - b } } ( c ) crr [ i ] = c } } func BenchmarkChannelRoundRobin ( b * testing.B ) { b.RunParallel ( func ( pb * testing.PB ) { var count int for pb.Next ( ) { count++ cur : = count % len ( crr ) < -crr [ cur ] runtime.Gosched ( ) } } ) }
Solution 5 : Many Writers
Reader suggestion time . Luna Duclos pointed out that it may have been the generator goroutine that was falling behind and not the channel lock contention getting in the way . To test this , I created one more test case where there is a single channel with 16 writers instead of a single writer . This is very similar to the initial channel test except for the loop in the init ( ) func .
var cmw chan [ 16 ] byte func init ( ) { cmw = make ( chan [ 16 ] byte , 1000 ) for i : = 0 ; i < 32 ; i++ { go func ( cmw chan [ 16 ] byte ) { for { var b [ 16 ] byte rand.Read ( b [ : ] ) cmw < - b } } ( cmw ) } } func BenchmarkChannelManyWriters ( b * testing.B ) { b.RunParallel ( func ( pb * testing.PB ) { for pb.Next ( ) { < -cmw runtime.Gosched ( ) } } ) }
Solution 6 : Amortized Over a Channel with Many Writers
This combines all of the above strategies into one . There are many writers all writing into one channel , each of which is amortizing the overhead of the syscalls .
var acmw chan [ 16 ] byte func init ( ) { acmw = make ( chan [ 16 ] byte , 1000 ) for i : = 0 ; i < 32 ; i++ { go func ( acmw chan [ 16 ] byte ) { var b [ 256 ] byte var count int64 for { cur : = count & 0xF count++ if cur == 0 { rand.Read ( b [ : ] ) } start , end : = cur * 16 , ( cur+1 ) * 16 var out [ 16 ] byte copy ( out [ : ] , b [ start : end ] ) acmw < - out } } ( acmw ) } } func BenchmarkChannelAmortizedManyWriters ( b * testing.B ) { b.RunParallel ( func ( pb * testing.PB ) { for pb.Next ( ) { < -acmw runtime.Gosched ( ) } } ) }
Results
The benchmarks above were all run 1000 times and summarized using benchstat . The Go source code can be found here and the raw output data from my test runs is here .
$ go test -bench . -count 1000 -timeout 24h 2 > & 1 | tee -a results $ benchstat results name time/op Baseline-2 1.12µs ± 9 % Channel-2 1.82µs ±10 % Amortized-2 777ns ± 7 % ChannelAmortized-2 1.29µs ± 7 % ChannelRoundRobin-2 1.31µs ± 8 % ChannelManyWriters-2 1.29µs ± 8 % ChannelAmortizedManyWriters-2 932ns ± 8 %
The amortized approach is the clear winner here . The solution in rend , at the time of this writing , can serve to show you want a case of premature optimization looks like . I thought it would be faster to use a channel , but it turns out that it is a little bit slower overall . In reality , the program is not used at a high enough volume for the differences shown here to matter , but it 's nice to know that I , like many others , have discovered a place where I can learn from past mistakes .
NAIROBI ( Reuters ) - Events in Egypt , where an elected Islamist president was ousted by the army , showed that power only comes from force , not democracy , Somali militant group al Shabaab said on Thursday .
In comments on its Twitter account @ HSMPRESS1 , al Shabaab said the fate of Egypt 's ousted president , Mohamed Mursi , showed Islamists will not be allowed to rule , even if elected .
“ It 's time to remove those rose-tinted spectacles and see the world as accurately as it is , change comes by the bullet alone ; NOT the ballot , ” the group wrote .
Mursi , of the Muslim Brotherhood , urged his supporters not to respond to his ouster with violence .
Al Shabaab ruled Somalia until African Union troops drove it out of the capital and other centers over the last two years , but it still controls swathes of rural areas and launches regular guerrilla-style bombings and attacks against the government , United Nations and others targets .
The Muslim Brotherhood “ should perhaps learn a little from the lessons of history and those ‘ democratically elected ' before them in Algeria or even Hamas , ” the group said .
It was referring to the Palestinian Islamist group Hamas , which controls Gaza after winning an election but has faced international isolation , and Algeria , where the army scrapped an election in 1992 when Islamists were on the verge of victory .
“ When will the Muslim Brotherhood ( MB ) wake up from their deep slumber and realize the futility of their efforts at instituting change , ” al Shabaab said .
“ After a year of stumbling on the hurdles , the MB horse is finally off to the knacker 's yard , never to see the light of day again . ”
The Brotherhood spent much of its eight-decade history as a secretive organization facing repression from Egypt 's rulers , but emerged as the most organized political force after President Hosni Mubarak was ousted in 2011 .
Mursi was only in office a year before mass rallies that began on June 30 prompted the army , the power behind Mubarak 's rule , to topple him and outline a political “ road map ” for Egypt .
One of my favorite ways to kill some time is by playing some Team Fortress 2 . I do n't go crazy with it like a lot of people and buy all kinds of crazy hats , but I do enjoy playing the game when I have some free time . Judging by these awesome pictures , there are at least 3 guys that have gone above and beyond to show their love for the awesome FPS game . These pictures featuring three guys dressed as a Sniper , Engineer and Soldier from TF2 were taken at Ohayocon . I 've never heard of that con but if these pictures are any indication , I really want to go !
Pass this along to any Team Fortress 2 fans you know ! Like Fanboy Fashion on Facebook too !
[ via Cosplay Blog ]
MUMBAI : Shares of Reliance Industries Ltd ( RIL ) on Friday soared by as much as 9 % as the BJP-led NDA appeared to be heading for victory in the Lok Sabha elections.Mukesh Ambani-led RIL scrip surged 8.47 % to touch one-year peak of Rs 1,142.50 at the BSE as result trends poured in this morning indicating a clear lead for the BJP and its allies.On the NSE , the blue-chip stock zoomed 8.71 % to hit its fresh 52-week high of Rs 1,145.25.Shares of another listed-entity Reliance Industrial Infrastructure Ltd rose by 3.94 % to Rs 455.85.Later , RIL was trading at Rs 1,112.80 , up 5.6 % . RIL shares have gained 20.6 % since BJP announced Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi as its prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections on September 13 last year.The energy major 's market capitalization has gone up by Rs 58,196.85 crore in these eight months.Shares of Reliance Industrial Infrastructure has gained 38.58 % during this period.The broader market too was witnessing sharp gains as the sensex was trading 824.32 points higher at 24,759.27 at 1050 hrs . Earlier it had crossed the 25,000 mark , gaining more than 1,100 points.Ambani 's Reliance has refineries at Jamnagar in Gujarat . The BJP-led NDA appears to be heading for a victory in the Lok Sabha elections with the trends in the counting of votes giving the saffron party leads in 257 seats on its own while its allies led in 39 seats .
Every year , the Big Sandy Shoot draws in hundreds of shooters from all over the world , for what is known as the “ largest shoot ” .
The Big Sandy Shoot is a bi-annual event , held in the western desert of Arizona , where you can shoot your heart out for three straight days . Featuring a 1500 foot firing line , 1200 yard maximum range , over 1000 reactive targets and aerial targets , this is one shooting exhibition you do n't want to miss , if you 're into this stuff .
Machine-guns , gatling guns , bazookas , and pretty much every other type of weapon ever invented can be found at the Big Sandy Shoot . Shooters have to fork out $ 230 ( $ 200 if reserved in advance ) to participate and spectators just $ 25 . Both have to sign a release waiver stating they enter the shooting range at their own risk .
The average 3.5 million rounds fired at the Big Sandy Shoot certify it as the world 's biggest shooting event . I ca n't say that impresses me much and regarding the safety , seeing women and kids handling deadly equipment is n't very reassuring .
Coca-Cola , Visa , McDonald 's and Budwesier all called for Sepp Blatter to step down immediately on Friday
The UK government has added its voice to demands from sponsors for Fifa president Sepp Blatter to resign with immediate effect .
Swiss criminal proceedings were opened against the 79-year-old last week .
Sports Minister Tracey Crouch said : `` The sooner Blatter goes , the sooner wide-scale reform at Fifa can begin . ''
Major Fifa sponsors Coca-Cola , Visa , Budweiser and McDonald 's on Friday called for him to quit , but Blatter said he would not step down until 2016 .
Coca-Cola said `` every day that passes Fifa 's image and reputation continues to tarnish '' , while McDonald 's claimed it would be `` in the best interest of the game '' for Blatter to stand down .
Blatter is accused by Swiss prosecutors of signing a contract that was `` unfavourable to Fifa '' and making a `` disloyal payment '' to Uefa president Michel Platini , but denies any wrongdoing .
In a statement released through his lawyers on Friday , Blatter said resigning now `` would not be in the best interest of Fifa , nor would it advance the process of reform '' .
Football Association chairman Greg Dyke described Friday 's developments as a `` game-changer '' .
Blatter was re-elected for a fifth term as president of world football 's governing body in May , but the election was overshadowed when seven Fifa officials were arrested in dawn raids at a five-star Zurich hotel at the request of the United States .
The US later indicted 14 current and former Fifa officials and associates on charges of `` rampant , systemic , and deep-rooted '' corruption following a major inquiry by the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
Blatter then announced he would step down as president in February 2016 .
BBC sports editor Dan Roan `` The dramatic and co-ordinated intervention of these powerful US sponsors - including one of Fifa 's oldest partners , Coca-Cola - heaps yet more pressure on Sepp Blatter and adds to the sense of chaos that now surrounds world football 's governing body . `` However , some will ask whether or not these corporations are prepared to back up their words with actions . Will they actually withdraw their sponsorship if Blatter continues to defy them ? With the threat of rival companies taking their place , many suspects they will not . It is also highly unlikely that Fifa 's other non-US sponsors - Hyundai/Kia , Gazprom and Adidas - will join the demands for him to quit immediately . `` There is no easy solution here for Fifa . If Blatter was finally forced out , next in line to take over is Fifa senior vice-president Issa Hayatou , a man who in 2011 was reprimanded by the IOC over alleged bribes . The calls for a fully independent , external reform commission get louder every day . ''
He has said the 2011 £1.5m payment made to Platini , the head of European football 's governing body , was `` valid compensation and nothing more '' .
Platini , 60 , has said he received the payment for work as Blatter 's technical advisor between 1999 and 2002 and has written a letter to Uefa members denying any wrongdoing .
The contract described by Swiss prosecutors as `` unfavourable to Fifa '' is thought to refer to a 2005 TV rights deal between Fifa and Jack Warner , the former president of Concacaf , the governing body of football in North and Central America and the Caribbean .
According to an investigation by Swiss broadcaster SRF in September , the deal allegedly resulted in a multi-million pound profit for Warner 's company .
Meanwhile , a separate Swiss investigation is looking into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , which will be held in Russia and Qatar respectively .
While discussing the Supreme Court at the final presidential debate , Fox News anchor Chris Wallace asked Donald Trump whether or not he 'd want his appointed justices to help overturn Roe v. Wade ( 1973 ) , the landmark decision that rendered abortion legal in the United States . Trump said he did , though his reasoning did n't really pass muster — especially when the Republican nominee suggested this would happen “ automatically . ”
“ Well if that would happen , because I am pro-life and I will be appointing pro-life judges , I would think that that would go back to the individual states , ” Trump explained , adding : “ If they overturned it , it would go back to the states. ” Realizing Trump seemingly had n't understood his original question , Wallace noted he was asking , “ Do you want to see the court overturn Roe v. Wade ? ”
Trump 's response to the question 's second asking ? “ Well if we put another two or perhaps three justices on , that 's really what 's going to be… will happen . That 'll happen automatically , in my opinion , because I am putting pro-life justices on the court , ” he said . “ It will go back to the states , and the states will then make a determination . ”
Wallace then turned the spotlight to Hillary Clinton , who emphasized Roe v. Wade ‘ s importance , but not at the expense of many states ' legislative attempts to hinder women 's access to related healthcare services . Trump then tried to counter Clinton 's input with a rather graphic description of partial-birth abortion , but not even conservative media pundit Glenn Beck was buying it .
The end of the season has been horrendous for Fulham Football Club , as they have lost five matches in a row , which also includes four at Craven Cottage . Fulham should be safe from relegation for another season , but the fear that the club could get relegated next season has already begun on social media . I feel these fears are extremely premature as Fulham has many decisions to make that could actually improve the team moving forward .
First , there are several factors that have brought us to this disappointing season for Fulham that can be fixed this summer . I only have to go back to the end of the summer transfer window to see one of the causes of Fulham 's bad season , and that would be losing your two best players at the end of the window . When Fulham sold Moussa Dembele and Clint Dempsey at the end of the window , they did not have enough time to properly replace these players .
January was not time to replace your two best players , and hopefully this summer , Fulham will find a replacement for the 23 goals lost from the departure of Dempsey , and also bring in a creative central midfielder to fill the void of Dembele . I am not expecting Fulham to find the same level of player , but it is not out the realm to think Fulham manager Martin Jol can not find young quality players that someday can fill those roles .
The end of the season issues can also be attributed to the injury loss of Ashkan Dejagah . This midfield player was really starting to build something special on the right side with right back Sascha Riether . I do n't think it is a coincidence that Fulham 's scoring opportunities have gone down since the loss of Dejagah .
Another loss has to be Steve Sidwell with his two red cards late in the season . Say what you want about Sidwell , but when he has played , he has been incredibly effective in central midfield . He does the dirty work in the middle of the pitch , and he has been missed .
Fulham will have Dejagah and Sidwell back next season so moving forward those are two pluses to look at . Again , hopefully the manager will be able to add pieces to the puzzle this summer to fix the holes that were left at the end of last summer .
Second , Jol has an opportunity to re-shape Fulham because there are several players that are out of contract , and several others that are on loan . There will be tough decisions for Jol to decide who stays and ultimately who goes , but he should have the chance to finally build the club he wants .
Third , as stated earlier , Jol should have the opportunity to add players to the squad this summer . Only time will tell , how much money Jol will have to spend , but there is a need for players , and that has to be filled one way or another . You know new faces are coming to Fulham this summer . How about waiting to see who these new players are before worrying about next season ?
Fourth , Fulham 's Academy looks like it is building future talent that could be used for the first team in the next few seasons . I am not suggesting that Fulham need to go to a youth movement like Aston Villa did this season . I am saying that there could be some players that could possibly be ready to add some depth to the overall roster .
Kerim Frei and Alex Kacaniklic have broken through to play with the club , but they are not depended on yet to be full time starters . They have been eased into the process , and they continue to improve . It is not a crazy thought to think that players like Jack Grimmer , Cauley Woodrow , Mesca , and Chris David , could get a chance soon to play with Fulham .
No one at this point knows what the long term effects of Financial Fair Play will have on the Barclay 's Premier League , but building up the Academy is a way to not just depend on finding players through the Transfer Window . If you can supplement your team with both , that happy medium could be a huge help in the future of Fulham .
The fears of being relegated I feel are lessened because of the Academy , and those players could play a role with Fulham . Even if Fulham were to go down one season , the Academy players could really help in the process of getting Fulham right back up .
In concluding , I am not fearful of what the summer could bring Fulham , because I feel it is an opportunity to change over an older squad , while possibly upgrading at several key positions . I think what people are fearing is change and it can be scary , but it also can be rewarding .
I have stated this before that future is in the hands of the management of Fulham , the manager , and the players . This summer we should get a very good indication if Fulham are building for the future . Regardless , I think I have presented several reasons why the sky is not falling for Fulham Football Club .
Robert Doggart Photo by Contributed Photo /Times Free Press .
The special federal agent bent down and unbuckled a black box this morning . James Smith stood up , faced the jury and cradled a M-4 rifle in his hands .
On the second day of Robert Doggart 's trial today , federal prosecutors introduced the weapons that members of the Federal Bureau of Investigation seized from his Signal Mountain home in 2015 .
Among the thousands of rounds of ammunition , agents also recovered his rifle and a shotgun , prosecutors said .
Authorities say Doggart planned to use these weapons to attack a Muslim community called Islamberg in upstate New York with the help of a few colleagues he found on social media .
His trial , expected to last a week , started yesterday with prosecutors playing a series of phone conversations Doggart had with a confidential informant in March 2015 .
Today , prosecutors followed that up with a recording that FBI agents recorded of Doggart and the informant meeting at a Ruby Tuesday 's in Nashville .
During the meeting , Doggart , a self-described Christian minister , says he wants to do a reconnaissance mission on Islamberg first to determine how dangerous its members are . As prior recording indicated , Doggart believed the community was planning to attack New York or possibly poison the Delaware River , though law enforcement had no such evidence to support that belief .
Doggart then alludes to setting up a meeting between himself , the informant , and at least two other people who expressed interest in going up to Islamberg , armed and ready to burn down mosques and other buildings .
The government , which has called FBI agents to explain the recordings , is expected to introduce more proof this afternoon and wrap up its case in four days .
After that , the defense has said it plans to put on proof for two days .
Follow along for more updates . This is a developing story .
Searching the Web could become faster for users and much more efficient for search companies if search engines were split up and distributed around the world , according to researchers at Yahoo .
Currently , search engines are based on a centralized model , explains Ricardo Baeza-Yates , a researcher at Yahoo 's Labs in Barcelona , Spain . This means that a search engine 's index–the core database that lists the location and relative importance of information stored across the Web–as well as additional data , such as cached copies of content , are replicated within several data centers at different locations . The tendency among search companies , says Baeza-Yates , has been to operate a relatively small number of very large data centers across the globe .
Baeza-Yates and his colleagues devised another way : a “ distributed ” approach , with both the search index and the additional data spread out over a larger number of smaller data centers . With this approach , smaller data centers would contain locally relevant information and a small proportion of globally replicated data . Many search queries common to a particular area could be answered using the content stored in a local data center , while other queries would be passed on to different data centers .
“ Many people have talked about this in the past , ” says Baeza-Yates . But there was resistance , he says , because many assumed that such an approach would be too slow or expensive . It was also unclear how to ensure that each query got the best global result and not just the best that the local center had to offer . A few start-up companies have even launched peer-to-peer search engines that harness the power of users ' own machines . But this approach has n't proven very scalable .
To achieve a workable distributed system , Baeza-Yates and colleagues designed it so that statistical information about page rankings could be shared between the different data centers . This would allow each data center to run an algorithm that compares its results with those of others . If another data center gave a statistically better result , the query would be forwarded to it .
The group put the distributed approach to the test in a feasibility study , using real search data . They present their findings this week at the Association for Computing Machinery 's Conference on Information and Knowledge Management in Hong Kong , where they will receive the award for the best paper .
“ We wanted to prove that we could achieve the same performance [ as the centralized model ] without it costing too much , ” says Baeza-Yates . In fact , they found that their approach could reduce the overall costs of operating a search engine by as much as 15 percent without compromising the quality of the answers .
“ It 's a valid approach , ” says Bruce Maggs , a professor of computer science at Duke University in Durham , NC , and vice president of research at Akamai , a Web content delivery and caching company based in Cambridge , MA . Fully replicating a database at multiple sites , as search companies typically do now , is inefficient , Maggs says , since only a small proportion of data is accessed at each site . A distributed approach “ also saves considerably on everything else in the same proportion , such as capital costs and real estate , ” he says . This is because , overall , the number of servers required goes down .
For users , the advantage would be quicker search results . This is because most answers would come from a data center that 's geographically closer . A small number of results would take longer than normal–but only 20 to 30 percent longer , says Baeza-Yates . “ On average , most queries will be faster , ” he says .
Maggs says the performance improvement would need to be high enough to counteract any delay in those search queries that have to be sent further afield .
Another trade-off is that more users would get different results , depending on where they were , than is currently the case , says Peter Triantafillou , a researcher at the University of Patras in Greece who studies large-scale search . This already happens to some extent even under a centralized model , he says , but it could be a bigger concern if many more searches were inconsistent .
However , with search engine data centers already housing tens of thousands of servers , it 's questionable whether they can continue to grow and still function efficiently , Triantafillou says . “ Will they be able to go to hundreds of thousands or millions ? ” he says . Just the practicality of installing the cabling and optics in and out of such facilities would pose serious problems , he says .
The distributed approach remains a long-term aim , Baeza-Yates admits . “ But for the Internet , ” he adds , “ long-term is only about five years . ”
UK-based think tank Demos has put out a report on supporters of European populist groups ( “ The rise of Populism in Europe can be traced to online behaviour ” ) . The report is based on over 10,000 survey responses filled out by followers of Facebook pages maintained by 14 such groups in 11 countries ( e.g. , France 's Front National , Belgium 's Vlaams Belang , the Dutch Party for Freedom , Sweden Democrats , and the BNP ) . Supporters of these groups are predominantly young ( 63 % under 30 ) compared with 51 per cent of Facebook users overall ; 75 % are male
This is good news because young people are the future . It is they who will suffer the most from the ongoing disaster to our civilization resulting from the massive invasion of non-Whites . These results also show that substantial numbers of young people are able to develop these attitudes despite growing up in a media and educational culture that has been saturated by the opposite attitudes since before they were born .
I suspect that the great majority of these young people have personally experienced the costs of multiculturalism in their schools and neighborhoods—e.g. , the de facto ethnic segregation apparent throughout our glorious multicultural landscape , the resulting “ us vs. them ” attitudes , and perhaps being victimized or knowing White victims of crime by non-Whites . At some point , one 's personal experience trumps the constant drumbeat of multicultural propaganda emanating from the elite media and the educational establishment .
Substantial percentages of these young people are well-educated : 53 per cent saying that they were educated to college or university level or had attained a vocational qualification . This is good news because it indicates a broad level of support for populist parties that belies the media stereotype that concerns with immigration and cultural identity are a mark of lack of education .
The study used an open-ended question to assess why people joined these groups . This is unfortunate because it may not be a good indicator of the attitudes of these people . For example , the most common reason was simply that they agreed with the ideas of the group they were associated with ( 38 % on average ) . This tends to underestimate how likely they are to agree with the specific attitudes mentioned by many respondents . ( E.g , 17 % volunteered that they were concerned about immigration , but this is surely an underestimate given that the groups they support are strongly anti-immigration . )
Responses on specific attitudes indicated a broad concern with the erosion of cultural identity , the incompatibility of Islam with European civilization , crime by immigrants , and “ fear of a bleak future in which immigrants will outnumber nationals ” ( my worst nightmare as well ) . As one respondant said , “ The loss of French customs , traditions . There are so many foreigners and we are almost struck with shame to be white and love our country. ” And another : “ I am sick of seeing my homeland being ripped apart and the crime rate and rapes going through the roof with this scum coming into my country and ripping it apart and no one is doing a thing to stop it . ”
It is also gratifying to see so many young Europeans disillusioned with the political elite and with political institutions that they see as dominated by people who fundamentally do not have their interests at heart . A National Front member wrote : “ The desperate lies of the MPs , the comfortable way in which they live whilst the French face a multitude of problems such as insecurity , mass immigration and the middle class , who always pay the price. ” Indeed . Only 10 % of the sample thought their country was on the right track .
The study is noteworthy also for the respectful way they discussed their subjects . The picture presented of the people attracted to these movements departs radically from the image one usually encounters in the media : uneducated , emotionally unstable , economically insecure haters . Jamie Bartlett of Demos , the principal author of the report , takes a respectful stance toward his subjects :
[ Bartlett ] said it was vital to track the spread of such attitudes among the new generation of online activists far more numerous than formal membership of such parties . “ There are hundreds of thousands of them across Europe . They are disillusioned with mainstream politics and European political institutions and worried about the erosion of their cultural and national identity , and are turning to populist movements , who they feel speak to these concerns .
“ These activists are largely out of sight of mainstream politicians , but they are motivated , active , and growing in size . Politicians across the continent need to sit up , listen and respond . ”
This quote appeared in an article in the left-leaning Guardian titled “ The rise of the far right in Europe “ . Where Bartlett terms his subjects ‘ populists ' , a term suggesting that they are common people ignored or oppressed by elites , the Guardian sees them as a “ far-right ” menace , the term “ far-right connoting extremism with not so subtle intimations of Nazism . Doubtless feeling that Bartlett 's descriptions were inadequate , the Guardian solicited comments from Guardian columnist Gavan Titley , an “ expert on the politics of racism in Europe ” who was happy to inform readers that what was really going on was an opportunistic change of “ racist strategies ” :
Racist strategies constantly adapt to political conditions , and seek new sets of values , language and arguments to make claims to political legitimacy . Over the past decade , Muslim populations around Europe , whatever their backgrounds , have been represented as the enemy within or at least as legitimately under suspicion . It is this very mainstream political repertoire that newer movements have appropriated .
Here 's a Titley column cheering shutting down an appearance by the BNP 's Nick Griffin , described by Titley as the result of “ sustained democratic opposition ” —i.e. , mass protests and intimidation by “ anti-racist ” activists . I ca n't resist this quote :
“ Migration ” is nearly always debated in the abstract , because the point is not to examine migration as a multidimensional process , inseparable from , among other factors , the spatialised inequalities of capitalism , or the human impact of the conflicts in which the “ beleaguered ” west is fully implicated .
Titley 's Marxist professors would be proud at how thoroughly he has been indoctrinated against his own people and culture . The reason people in the Third World are poor is the “ spatialized inequalities of capitalism. ” And the reason there are never-ending wars in Africa and revolving-door despotisms and civil conflicts throughout the Arab world and Africa is somehow the fault of the evil West . ( This is the sort of thinking demolished by Ricardo Duchesne in his The Uniqueness of Western Civilization . )
Fortunately , a lot of young people are not listening to their Marxist professors . The establishment is worried . The rise of these movements reflects legitimate grievances that are completely ignored by political , academic , and media elites . Calling them “ racist strategies ” will not change this tide—a bit like the worn out socialist rhetoric in the USSR leading up to its collapse . Fewer and fewer people are listening . And no one really believes there 's really anything wrong with not wanting to see the country you grew up in changed beyond recognition into a multicultural nightmare .
As I 've said before , the revolution will happen in Europe .
